“We?”
John frowned. “What do you mean?”
“More than a bit. Sorry you ended up in the pond.”
John nodded at him minutely. Sherlock reached out, put his hand on John’s warm shoulder and pushed him.
John’s face went utterly blank. “She knows nothing about all this. I was all alone out here and – she doesn’t know.”
Sherlock turned to face John, brushing snow from his fringe. “It’s different now,” he murmured, drawing John close. “It means more, now.
“Aw, you’re all just jealous that I can grow a mustache this – this-”
“Yes,” Sherlock said as he closed his eyes.
John looked down at himself – soaking wet and fully naked, on top of a wriggling, cuffed ninja.
“You said,” John said, and cleared his throat. “You said, ‘
Holmes was unusually silent on the train back to London. John had thought he would have wanted to go over the case, possibly explain his thought process; he seemed very fond of doing so.
“We… we just need to get near the embassy. They’ll be watching for me.”
Apparently John had jumped the gun with his drawing of Rosie, as the teacher wanted to work her students up to portrait drawing. The week after the facial structure lesson, Mrs. Roshni tasked her students to first attempt a sketch from a photograph.
“Ah well, I tried,” John said to himself, and followed suit.
“Christ, Waters, let him get home and sleep and get you the costume tomorrow,” Veronica said.
Sherlock was laughing. His nose wrinkling, his chins folding up, his eyes streaming, he was laughing. Mouth wide open, he laughed straight from his belly – not the controlled chuckle or bemused snort he sometimes used – but full out laughing.
“I don’t think I want to travel for a bit.”
“John,” he shouted into the device. “Come to the Yúlè Theatre at once. Take a hovercar. Hurry.”
John hummed, short and sharp, and Sherlock put the kettle on. He started to put a tray together, then saw that the milk had gone off. Of course it had gone off, he’d been gone for weeks. He hastily dumped the milk down the sink, chasing it with hot water to drown the smell.
Everything descended into white noise. Sherlock knew nothing except for the feel of John inside him, John’s hands on his body, all of his skin sparking with electricity. He was dimly aware of shouting, and knew that he couldn’t stop the noise he was making even if he tried. John’s face was red and beaded with sweat, he was grunting with every push, and there was a deep line of concentration between his brows. But through it all his eyes stayed locked with Sherlock’s, connecting and connected. Sherlock pulled John’s head down to his, tried to kiss him but instead found himself crying out against John’s mouth as he came over his chest and belly. John’s grunts vocalized, and then he was shouting and pouring himself deep into Sherlock.
hurry.”
. He realized how long it had been since he had deduced someone and felt a keen sense of familiarity and relief.  “No, I’m afraid not.”
“We can’t control what we feel uncomfortable about, but we can try to delve into why,” Ella said. “Why do you think you don’t want Sherlock to see your work? What do you fear if he sees it? Are you afraid he’ll make fun of you?”
He straightened his back, ignoring the pull of dried blood on his skin, the yank of pain from his wound. He buttoned his jacket, hiding his bloody shirt. He spat on his hands to wet them, and wiped the blood off on his trousers. He lifted his chin, and walked into the street.
“There something there, something wrong, but I can’t see it, it must be there. Your drawing might capture it, so I can see through your eyes.”
John gasped to the point of choking, his muscles tensing and twitching already. His legs gripped Sherlock’s chest.
“Just one? A bomb of that magnitude would need coordination from-”
“Where did you arrange the drop?” Dunworthy asked Bahdri.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said sharply, “I need to know – how well do you know that fella John Watson?”
There is a rumour that Audrey Hepburn, in her youth as a ballet dancer, smuggled secrets out of Amsterdam in her ballet shoe.
“Meaning?”
“Later, sure,” John said.
John tried to lift the lid off, then swore when he realized that Bantam had nailed it shut – quickly and amateurly, but enough to keep Sherlock from kicking his way out. He could hear Sherlock’s hands and feet drumming against the rough wood, and that his voice was high and thready and hoarse with a fear that John hadn’t heard before. He scanned the tools, hoping for a crowbar or even an axe; he would chop his way to Sherlock if need be. A hammer was lying in the corner, clearly where Bantam had thrown it after nailing Sherlock in. John put the torch in his mouth, grabbed the hammer, and began to pry up the lid, the nails giving way to his desperation in loud metallic groans.
“I-” John blinked, wondering if he had just been trapped, or released from one.
. Now.”
The bathroom was, if anything, worse. The room was decorated with tiny mosaic tiles in a bright aquamarine; this would have been acceptable if only a small part of the room was like that, but the walls, ceiling and floor were all covered with them. Mirrors framed with seashells hung over bright blue glass sink basins. On the far end of the room, up a couple of mosaicked steps, was an enormous hot tub.
“Unfortunately not the big theatre, darling. It will be a studio space, private property, you see, but it’s quite lovely. It seats about one hundred. I’m told that the highest officials in the land will be invited.”
John’s head jerked up, his eyes wide with realization. He would do that, he suddenly knew with great certainty. He would have charged a man with a gun pointed at Holmes. Without thought, without hesitation, and knowing the risk.
“No, ah, it’s here in London. It won’t take long.”
“Yes.” He opened his eyes and smiled – not shyly, but happily. “Yes.”
“I am not going to hurt you, or your baby,” she said clearly and slowly. “No one here is going to hurt you. We are not going to take your food. My name is Eileen. All right?”
Sherlock pointed at a little switch in the corner of the tiled wall. “Do you think it will electrocute us?”
I’ve rattled him. He pressed send before he could finish his sentence or write his initials. Bull’s eye.
John looked up, finally looked Sherlock in the eye. Sherlock gazed at him, saw everything there, and then swayed forward. And instead of hard pavement to break him, or a crash pad to bruise him, he found John’s arms to hold him.
“Put on gloves anyway. For me?”
“I-” Sherlock said, and then the doorbell rang. He turned to answer it, promptly forgetting she was there.
(See the end of the chapter for
think you failed her. Because you don’t understand that you’re a fucking miracle to me.”
“Yes, but I have a more practical set. That one is more for decoration. Too heavy. It was a gift from a client. Do you play?”
broke up with
Janina simply turned her head to look at the video of his dance, watching it for a brief moment. “You were always technically brilliant,” she said softly. “There was no step you couldn’t do, no jump you couldn’t accomplish. But this.” She waved at the television screen. “This. This is your soul, raw and laid bare in dance. I’ve never seen you dance like this. I’ve never seen anyone dance like this.”
In Dunworthy’s cramped and crowded rooms, John tried to stop his leg from bouncing in suppressed nervousness as Dunworthy poured tea and sat back with a sigh.
“Where the hell have you been gadding about?” John said.
John was completely still, and Sherlock wondered if he was able to understand through the waves of his emotions. He watched his eyes carefully; watched a decision being made.
For one brief, blinding moment of panic, I wonder if I sent it to the wrong person. But no, there’s John’s message to me, just above.  I text back.
“Are you serious, or are you taking the mickey?”
He put the book aside and lay down. He didn’t think he’d sleep but he did: a strange tattered sleep, filled with dreams of Mr. Dunworthy frowning, of Mary in a Victorian wedding dress, and of Holmes saying a word he’d never heard him say before – “John.”
The man sputtered. “Ridiculous? I’ll have you know that-”
John knew already there would be at least three large suitcases. He crossed to Sherlock and patted his shoulder, kissed the top of his head. “I’m off,” he said. “I’ll be back by morning.”
He looked at John, who shrugged. “Fifty kilos,” he said, half smiling.
John grinned, and sang, “
Sherlock felt a wave of panic. These men were stupid, and brutal, and had complete advantage over him. They might even kill him. He could die here, be found in the morning, and his murder could be solved even by Anderson.
“Now look, young man. That ‘chemistry’ gets you those scones and muffins and biscuits you like so much, so mind your tongue.”
“Oi!” I say. “Seat’s taken. Fuck off.”
"You're cold," John said. He pulled Sherlock's scarf carefully around his neck. "I can always tell. Your lips are blue."
“Your friends should hide their bugs more carefully,” Sherlock said.
“Just the one, sir,” Brigit said, and Mrs. Perry nodded.
“You couldn’t have known that would be the outcome,” John said firmly. “Now come on, you know the local constabulary will get it wrong, and the poor woman will be punished. You know she didn’t do it, Holmes.”
“Regina, in the Georgia system, I know.” Sherlock grinned. “I need to make a call.”
Sherlock’s brain went suddenly and ghostly quiet. All he could find the breath to say was, “Oh.”
“You’re looking – well,” Sherlock said.
“No. It’s the family business – my father, my mother; my brother is quite high in the ranks there – but I never officially joined. I insisted on dancing instead. But sometimes, when I’m touring in the right place, I’ll act as a courier. Belgrade was the only place it had gone south. I’ve never done it since.”
Mrs. Roshni fixed him with an inscrutable look that would have looked at home on Sherlock’s face. “Subjects that you know well, then. My point is, try to capture that vitality with subjects you don’t know personally.”
Dunworthy smiled, and then looked bashful. “At least, that’s what I’m going to tell the committee tomorrow morning.”
ship. She’s lovely.”
Sherlock said nothing.
“Well, most rumours do.”
Sherlock now unfortunately had no trouble imagining the playground where she had spent so many happy hours, what it likely looked like now, and imagining Rosie’s response to seeing such damage. So far he had been doing well with maintaining her spirits; he didn’t want to upset her now. He was just grateful that she hadn’t insisted on going home – John’s flat – again.
“That note was from me,” Holmes said. “I deduced your code and wrote the note. Mrs. Cubitt lies upstairs, near death. Your bullet struck her on its way to killing Mr. Cubitt.”
He only knew they were there when he recognized the gates, twisted and broken; the iron gates that bordered Whitehall. The rest of the buildings had collapsed.
“Oh no, it’s a very old dance, originating back on Earth-That-Was,” Sherlock said. “Fantastically complicated to perform, and occasionally dangerous if you don’t do it right. Marvellous music, though - do you hear the beat? It’s a 4/8 time, and most dance music is 4/4.”
JOHN: Now you know how I feel every time I watch you dance with those big leaps. Big finish!
She was asleep, her arms flung out in surrender. Her breaths were even, her face calm.
“You’re faster than you look,” Sherlock said to the big man, as he felt his arms being pinned behind his back.
“I did, and it is.”
John smiled to himself. He shouldn’t really have been so surprised at Sherlock’s way with Rosie. He remembered how little Archie, the ring bearer at the wedding, who John had seen as a surly child who was only interested in his video games, had taken to Sherlock after only a single visit.
“We’ll change the dressing after,” he said.
Sherlock heard a car door slam, and the screech of brakes as it drove off.
“Fine,” John said. One more scratch, then he stepped up to the net. “When does the drop open again?”
“John,” Sherlock said.
“No, we’ve been… we’ve been on our own.”
He leaves, closing the door quietly after himself with a click. I’m still on the sofa, like I’m frozen in place, my hair a mess, my blouse rucked up. Out the window, I can see John walking to a cab waiting across the street. He looks pissed and sheepish all at once. There’s a tall man in a dark coat leaning against the cab; he opens the door and they get in and drive off.
Sherlock wished he could swallow back his words, swallow back everything he had said or done for the last twenty four hours.
Sherlock smiled into the dark.
Sherlock followed John, admiring the way his shoulders moved beneath the thick cotton of his shirt. John led them out of the cockpit, through the engine room and the cargo area, directing him through a narrow trail of crates and tools lying throughout the ship. Finally they came to a niche built into the side of the ship’s tail. A double bed, neatly made, lay underneath a strip of window, revealing the slide of stars outside.
Sherlock nods to the waiter, then turns back to me. “Back to ours then?” he says.
Sherlock pulls out his lock picking kit, selects the two largest tools, and shoves the rest into John’s shaking hands. “Hold that,” he says, and takes a huge gulp of air before ducking down into the water.
He was so caught up in Rosie’s laughter and the image of the world as it used to be, he completely failed to notice anyone else in the park until pain exploded in the back of his head and he fell.
Suddenly his mouth was full of water. He gagged, and rose inelegantly to the surface. Despite his shock, he was able to look around and ascertain that none of the drones had followed him, and he was a fair distance from the skyhome. He could see the drones buzzing around the surface at the base of the skyhome, and poli-copters flying towards them from Edgewater. None of them noticed him. He nodded with satisfaction, and turned his attention to his breather.
“Yes, but sir?”
Then breakfast. He was grateful that, like John, she was not a fussy eater, and while she explained to him at great length that porridge was for breakfast and not stew, she did accept what she was given. There had been some milk in the refrigerator that Sherlock had grabbed in his haste the day before, and while it was warm, it had not gone off. He made Rosie drink her fill first, encouraged her to drink even more, until she declared herself full; he drank the rest before the smell of it filled the little room.
– is dead because of it.”
,” Holmes said sharply. “I have learned over my years of strange cases, Inspector Martin, to not make conclusions regarding a case until you are in possession of all the facts, otherwise, the facts will align themselves to meet your erroneous conclusions.”
“And do you have that letter?” Holmes said.
Very soon John felt electricity soaring through his body, and he had the urge to lie down, to pull Sherlock down with him. Instead, Sherlock pulled back a fraction.
, Sherlock,” John panted, and sped his own hand over Sherlock.
Sherlock was dizzy with all that John was saying, and all that he wasn’t saying. “Yes. Please.”
His jaw dropped. “He separated them?”
“I was a wreck when I was first back from Afghanistan. I was so lost. Didn’t know what to do with myself. But you knew that, didn’t you? You knew from the moment you laid eyes on me at Bart’s. And then I was running again, and laughing again, and it was all because of you.”
Sherlock frowned. “Yes, of course he could.”
The boy gazed at John, then over at his mother. The mother cast a glance at John, and then at Sherlock, who was still sitting at their table, hunched over his coffee, looking sad and lonely. She nodded minutely at the child.
Sherlock turned and walked away with Rosie, her head already back on his shoulder.
John barely had time to frown at the situation, when someone was pulling on his arm.
In a moment, he knew. He knew how to respond, and it was so simple. He should have thought of it years ago.
Holmes slipped his hand through John’s arm. John’s shock completely dispersed his anger, then he mentally shook his head. Men were physically more demonstrative in this age; he could see others in the park doing the same and no one was looking askance.
“No, thank you,” said John. His head was buzzing with fear and leftover adrenaline. “I’m all right. I just – jarred it.”
“But I enjoy those things,” John said. “Each one of those things makes me happy and fulfilled. Why isn’t that enough?”
Now Sherlock looked up and stared at John. “You want to draw me again?” His voice was steady and neutral, his gaze sharp.
“If I can’t have coffee, then I’d like to have answers,” Sherlock said coldly. “Where am I, and why am I here?”
Students were taking their places around the room, sharpening their charcoal, chattering lowly in various levels of nervousness.
Pavlović continued as if he hadn’t noticed. “Yes, he understands. The quintessential politician. He understands that sacrifices sometimes need to be made. That one man sometimes needs to pay the price of a whole country. Even if that one man is a brother.”
“I am pleased to hear that,” Holmes said, and John could tell from the tone of his voice that he was also not taken in by the man’s change of attitude. “Now please sit. This is an excellent opportunity to bring Doctor Watson up to speed on the case, if you would kindly give him the history. I would also be helped by hearing your perspective, as I have only heard my client’s.”
I still fucking love him. Damn it.
Sherlock stared at him.
Sherlock set about learning John’s mouth and skin in a way he never had before, and felt himself being learned in turn. He didn’t know how much time had passed, was passing, before John was helping him tilt down onto his side.
But reading the blog, at least as far as it goes, upholds my theory. Like I thought back in the beginning, what kind of guy says those kinds of things about his flatmate?
He focused on his feet and the short distance ahead of him. He moved quickly but carefully, using his arms to maintain his balance. Shingle by shingle he made his way across the length of the roof. As he approached the far end, he could see the top edge of a downspout, and grinned, realizing that that was his route down to the ground and safety.
“We can simply leave London, unobtrusively, until the media furor has died down.”
Garrideb’s face cleared, but John still felt uneasy; he could still see tension running well below the surface. “Ah! Well, that does explain things, and sets my mind at ease.”
John snorted, and fell into his own helpless giggle. As John joined in, Sherlock laughed even harder, and he reached out for John’s hand.
Jim shook his head. “Exactly the same. It creates a new challenge when playing; you have to remember which are your pieces by memory, not by sight. Come on, try a game?”
“Is MI6, I know. As are you.”
“British, early eighteenth century,” Holmes said. “It’s actually seen battle, look.” He pointed at the dings and dents in the metal of the blade. “And the spots of rust – that colour of rust is only made by seawater.” Holmes looked up at John, his eyes dancing. “I do believe it’s a pirate’s sword.”
“I’m coming over here,” Sherlock says, crossing over to my side.
“I don’t need anything, Sherlock. This-” he shook Sherlock’s hands gently, “- this is all I need.
“Like I want to see your ugly mug first thing in the morning.”
Tjinn looked weary and unkempt, her hair loose around her face instead of elegantly pulled back. She was looking at him but turned slightly away from the screen. “I’m all right, Sherlock,” she said, her voice exhausted. “Are you? Were you hurt?”
“Just so. Though your John Watson nearly threw a wrench in the works yesterday. What a knight in shining armour he is.”
“You told me, but I wasn’t listening,” John said. A terrible sadness welled up in him, and the sadness pulled him to his knees. “I didn’t listen, and you do.”
She uncrossed her legs, crossed them the other way. “All of those things are about other people. Outwardly focused.”
“Damned if I know,” Bahdri said. He rubbed at his eyes. “I was prepping for Nicholas to go through to the Falkland Islands, and Lassiter came in and shut us down. He wouldn’t let me run any rendez-vous either, just brought in his own tech from Magdalene.”
“-Or it runs over all in its path, I
“Myc,” was all Sherlock could say, over and over. “Myc.”
“Green! The water is – green! Something wrong with the pipes, I – green!”
“I most certainly did not. Now leave me be.”
“I’m so sorry. It’s – it’s my-”
The next day, the text arrives. 10:01am. Not too early, not too late. On the hour, which means he’s been thinking about when to text, but not exactly on the hour so I don’t think he’s too obsessed.
In one desperate lunge, he reached out and grabbed her forearm. “Janina. Please. Help me.”
“Oh my God,” Sherlock breathed. “You really are a
“It seems as though Wilde is being used as an example.”
“Excellent. Vatican cameos.”
“I won’t floor it unless I actually see someone after us,” John said. “Tryin’ to be as subtle as possible.”
“Thus the story about the crisis point. Hope you don’t mind, mate.”
“Where is it? Back at home?”
In a normal bathtub, John could lie almost completely flat, his feet against one end and his head propped up on the edge – much like what Sherlock was doing right now. And while this bath was long enough for Sherlock to do so, the far end extended well beyond John’s feet. And with a slippery surface with no friction…
Sherlock sat back and focused on the stage again. The plot was ridiculous and overly complex – a feud with no reason behind it, and what a stupidly complicated way to fake a death to avoid an unwanted marriage! – but the words were lovely, and the actors spoke with passion.
Jiě jiě = sister
Sherlock’s head snapped back as though he had been slapped. He had known she was holding a secret from John, resentment of some kind, but he had no idea that it would be on this scale. And to hear her speak so coldly of John somehow hurt more than a fist would have.
“Have you had this before? The way it’s supposed to be?”
“Please.”
“He hasn’t had one in a long time,” he says. “What triggered it?”
“I’m - sure,” John said. There was nothing that could have prepared him for this kind of encounter. He rewound the conversation in his head, and belatedly realized that he may have solved his accommodation problem.
“What song?”
“I mean,” John said, his voice low and a little embarrassed, “I need to make sure she’s all right. She’s the innocent in this, right? Get her out, set her up in Kosovo, wherever she’d like to be.”
Sherlock smiled to himself. “Highgate, in the Blue Sun system; yes, I heard about that. Marvellous.”
Sherlock took the postcard and studied it – a scenic view of the Old Palace in Belgrade. “But if I mail it now, I will get home before it arrives.”
“Of course,” Holmes said. “Would you have the kindness to ask them in here, please?”
Sherlock came back to consciousness slowly, painfully; like floating upwards through deep water.
“Oh please.” Sherlock said with an eyeroll.
Mycroft pulled himself together. Sherlock knew that only he, and not the staff of the embassy, had seen that vulnerability. “You’re well, little brother?”
“I ate too much candy,” Sherlock moaned. “I feel ill.”
“Shall we look over the rest of the facility, Dr. Watson?”
“The other English guy? Is he with you?” Bantam said. “I just needed him to stop following me. But I didn’t hurt him, I swear.”
I had figured out by then that when Sherlock is embarrassed or flustered, he gets all haughty and snooty, making a cutting comment and then walking away. This time, however, he took my hands in his and explained that he and John had talked at length about this, with John expressing the same concerns, and he, Sherlock, wanted to assure us both that he was all right with it. “Because I trust you,” he said. “I know you won’t hurt him, and you understand his role in my life, and mine in his. You won’t try to get between us. You believed in us before we understood it ourselves. And we want you to be a part of us. The... affection flows in all directions. None of the three of us is the third wheel. Equal. All right?”
“When did you last eat, sir?”
“Noooo. Well. Maybe later,” John said, to see Sherlock blush.
I narrowly prevent myself from snorting. Another buzz.
He comes back to himself. “Oh no. She was just a baby. She’ll not remember her at all.”
of you?" John said.
Grief and frustration transmogrified into fury. He picked up the cold cup of tea beside him and threw it with a snarl at his map pinned to the wall. The cup was followed by a stack of papers, which fluttered against the wall and gave him no satisfaction. He threw books, pictures, plates. He saw Mrs. Hudson peer cautiously from the door, but she vanished when he pitched his tea set at the wall. He shouted every crude word he knew until his throat was sore.
“You heard my life story. Hell, you probably figured it out by the way I combed my hair this morning. I want to hear ‘bout your story now.”
He swayed slightly for the first few measures, then graduated to a more deliberate rocking motion. He stretched, letting his chest swell out, his limbs following more softly; then a withdrawal into himself, squeezing his lungs, his heart.
He felt the papery weight of her hands on his shoulders, and without thinking, reached up and patted her hand. “It’s all right,” he repeated. He sat up straighter. “Mrs. Hudson, I want you to have this place. The flat. It’s yours, all right?”
John put down his pen and quickly hid his journal. Victorian sensibilities were generally towards respecting people’s privacy, but he also got the sense that Holmes didn’t necessarily align with Victorian sensibilities. He could already hear Holmes thundering up the stairs to hisroom, and Holmes’ voice was filled with an energy that John’s hadn’t heard since the Hope case concluded.
Sherlock’s head shot up, his face red with embarrassment or with the pressure of pressing against his knees. “It’s their
“Hmm?”
“Ah. No,” John said, taken aback.
John hummed, and Sherlock heard some wistfulness in the sound. Hearing John’s story, he realized how lucky he had been: parents to transport him to lessons, wealth to pay for them, teachers to push him.
he said, pitching his voice low. Again, the flick of an eye to him, and back to the board. “I believe at this point there are only three possible moves you could make. One will result in a checkmate for me in four moves, one in only two moves – and one would save your king and possibly win the game in time. But if you lose, you’ll have to take off your last article of clothing, and if I lose, I’ll have to remove mine. And then we’d have to decide upon penalties, won’t we?”
“Forty-two minutes and fifteen seconds.” Sherlock grinned, but the grin faltered when he saw John shiver again. “Still cold?”
“I meant he’s a really good tap dancer.”
“Did you ever want to do anything else?”
“With pleasure.”
“What?” John hissed.
“And it’s
“Quite right,” John said.
“Different muscles when you do it slow like that,” John said.
“What I want is to find someone to share my life with who is my equal in intelligence, in ingenuity, in curiosity. I’ve been looking all over the universe for someone like that, and I had just about given up. Then I saw you on the newsvidders about that case at the theatre.
Her voice went soft. “You fell in love with him, didn’t you? This John Watson?”
“Out the window and then…?”
Or at least, he didn’t say how long it would take.
“Is it – is it all right?” John said, looking uncomfortable.
After they returned from their ‘shopping’, they would retreat again into their cave and have lunch, and Rosie would nap. Sherlock would sleep with her, having kept watch through the night. It felt safer, somehow, to sleep during the day.
After several measures, and the first basic section of the dance had been accomplished, Sherlock danced the first indications of a cue of an embellishment in choreography – a flip of the leg, which, if the timing was correct, would tangle perfectly with the partner’s leg. If John didn’t know it, it would simply look like a showy pose on Sherlock’s part.
Eight minutes.
“Filling the flask is her job, Anderson. The better question to ask her is, with what did you fill the flask?”
“Sounds great.”
he thought
John looked up and grinned, and Sherlock found himself grinning back. John extended his hand, and Sherlock took it.
(See the end of the chapter for
The music shifted to a teasing, tantalizing air, dramatic and strong. The orchestra leader leapt down from his stand, and began to circle the edges of the dance floor, holding two bells crossed in his right hand.
Jim smiled, but there was a hitch in his smile. “Don’t be a fool, Sherlock.”
“I think I’ll be fine,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You go and do as he asks.”
“But-”
At that moment, Peppa Pig laughed loudly, and Sherlock heard Mycroft suck in his breath sharply. “Is that – is the child there? Is she with you?”
The last prompt for the Advent list is "And to all a good night".
He toweled himself off afterwards, feeling a little more alert. Bahdri knocked at the door and came in before John could respond. “Oh good, you didn’t drown. Excellent. Sit down on the toilet, we’re going to neaten up that pile of straw on your face.”
“You would still rise to the top, even if there were hundreds.”
“Get in the car, Holmes,” Pavlović said, and there was a faint trace of panic in his voice.
Hóng = red (the colour)
Sherlock scoffed. “Contemporary music,” he said with as much scorn as he could muster.
“Sh!” Sherlock hissed.
One day, John came in with coffees for each of them, and placed Sherlock’s (black, with an absurd amount of sugar) by his elbow.
“Not horror. Not fear. I saw you. Just – sad.”
Their eyes met again, the world stopping, just for a moment. Then Sherlock put gloves on and set to work, while John prepared chocolate for the decorations.
He shouldn’t be surprised at all. After all, Sherlock had also taken a surly soldier, not interested in anything, and transformed him.
“Me too,” Sherlock said. “I was actually thinking about talking to Mrs. Hudson about delaying my next tour – perhaps indefinitely. Not too keen on long flights anymore, to be honest.”
Then Sherlock, his eyes alight with pleasure and love, lifted his hands and touched John in return.
What would have happened next, if Lestrade hadn’t texted? Was the moment wasted, gone forever?
Sherlock was silent, and John broke off the kiss to study Sherlock’s face. His breath was slowing to its regular rate, there was a slight sheen of sweat across his forehead and upper lip, and his eyes were wet.
“I am awaiting instruction,” Sherlock said.
“Hm?”
His eyes light up with understanding, and how does he do that? How does he understand me without my having to say anything coherent? He pulls me just a step further away from John and Sherlock, lowers his voice. “You see it too?”
Surely I deserve a little break, right? It’s been months now. Months where I’ve trained myself not to think about him, at least not quite as much. I try not to think of his arms (his arms!) and his neck (his beautiful neck!) How his arms looked when they were around me, how the back of his neck looked when he was sleeping in my bed.
“You’re all right, you’re all right,” John said as Sherlock spluttered and coughed. “
“Mycroft, thank God,” John said.
The crowd gasped as John emerged onto the dance floor. His ill-fitting suit and demeanor made it blatantly obvious to everyone in the hall that he was not one of the elite, that he was a hired man. Sherlock smiled at him as John ignored the murmur of scandal running around the hall, and John took his hand.
Sherlock grinned, put down his champagne, and made his way to the corner.
As soon as John was in reach, Sherlock’s hand gripped at his shoulder and pulled him in close. Their lips met; hard, not gentle. Their hands moved over each other’s body frantically, clawing at backs, shoulders, hips. John’s lips dragged down Sherlock’s jawline and neck, bit at his collarbone hard enough to make him gasp. Sherlock pulled John into the shower’s spray, creating a slick new surface for each other’s skin. He raked his fingers through John’s hair greedily, cradling his face in his hands then dipping in to kiss him ferociously.
John stepped up to the windowsill and closed the curtains behind him. Sherlock could very dimly hear the sound of the recording of their argument behind them. John tugged on the rope to test its strength again, then gripped hard and swung his feet up to cross over top. Slowly, carefully, he began to make his way across, hand over hand and foot over foot.
“Yes. I-”
When we started this arrangement, this was the part I was most worried about. Sherlock had spent years denying his own feelings in regard to John, self-sacrificing to the point of martyrdom, and I was concerned that he was doing it again – still. But this time about sex.
He was filling in her hair with circular motions of his pencil when he realized when he had seen those contours before. All at once he saw Rosie reflected in Harry’s face – the jawline, the nose, and the curly, white-blonde hair.
John leaned his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock rested his cheek on the top of John’s head. The water poured down over their bodies, washing away sweat and come.
“I was going to say, magnificent,” John grinned. He was glad Bahdri was a good sport about the whole thing, even though it was ages ago. The whole Mary thing had been a disaster, and he and Bahdri had agreed long ago that they were better friends than lovers.
“I will for the music I can’t play – the symphonic works, organ, choral, and so forth. Right now I’m focusing on sorting the violin solos.”
Dawn was pinking the edges of the buildings as he cautiously entered the main road. There were people on the street now; early shift workers making their way to their jobs in the downtown core. More people than Sherlock had seen in weeks now.
He was so absorbed he didn’t notice Sherlock come in until he heard him say, “…John?”
John looked the pages over, then pointed. “That one, the one with both arms up.”
Sherlock’s face was completely deadpan, as if it was usual business for his head to float into sight perpendicular to the wall. He moved slowly, as though he was an astronaut in space. The more slowly he moved, the more John laughed. Then, just as leisurely, his head disappeared from view.
, he thought.
“So I’m a prisoner, then.”
And after a flight that made Sherlock more nervous than he cared to admit, they were finally home.
“As a matter of fact, I did,” Sherlock said. His mouth quirked up a bit at the memory of the fight in the alley, at a short stocky man facing down a man twice his size. He sat down at his desk and pulled a square piece of paper from a drawer. “Don’t wash it,” he said, remembering John’s words about his clothes betraying his wealth, and John’s own worn but neat clothes.
Sherlock arrived home after nine. He said nothing but left a vapour trail of indignation behind him as he went to his room and returned in his pajamas and his favourite blue silk robe. John knew this meant a Level Seven strop – well past the help of offers of food or tea, but not yet at the point of stealing John’s gun.
“Clothes?”
John gestured at the stereo, still breathing heavily. “I saw that my iPod fit in the port,” he said. “I just – I wanted – hope that’s okay.”
“Took you long enough,” he said. “Police got here before you did, and that’s saying something.”
“This week is the Technical Challenge,” said Mrs Hudson primly, clearly trying to channel her inner Mary Berry. “You haven’t been told in advance what you’re baking, and all the ingredients have been supplied for you.” She nodded at two baskets in the kitchen, covered with tea towels. “There’s also a basic recipe in there, but you are free to improvise within that. Understood?”
Sherlock stepped under the spray of water, and his hiss of pleasure at the heat of the shower echoed around the tiles of the studio change room.
“But you stayed.”
he heard below.
“Spinning how? With what?”
Sherlock sighed, but only for show, and he untied his wrap and let it fall.
, is in danger because of you! Do you realize that?”
“For here, please. Have any biscuits?”
All the blood leaves my body at once, and I stagger up the last few stairs. The door’s open and I blunder straight in. Three faces turn to me with varying degrees of astonishment, but I’m only looking at one.
“I didn’t even hear you two this morning. How long has she been up?”
“There’s been a murder,” Sherlock said, as Lestrade came back into the lounge, tucking his phone away.
“Well, Watson?” he said.
“He likes it as much as a cat likes a shower.”
We say ‘okay’ at each other for a bit, then he starts kissing me again and I nearly go weak in the knees with relief. Weak in the knees and I’m sitting down. God, I’m pathetic.
my toys in the bath!”
He stood on a chair under the noose. This was probably the most technically difficult part of the performance, and it wasn’t dance at all. He had to put his head into the noose, while secretly attaching the harness that would protect him from actual harm, without the audience seeing. Fortunately he had practiced this over and over again with the safety department head, and he felt the harness click silently into place. Then he pushed the chair over and let himself fall.
I decide to test the theory for myself.
“I am – came over from… the National Theatre,” John said, grabbing at the first London theatre company name he could think of. “We’re thinking of bringing over a Canadian production.”
“Listen carefully, Sherlock,” Janina whispered, leaning in close. “I was able to get word to a friend at the British Embassy. They know you’re alive and in Belgrade. They’re on alert for you. All you have to do is get close to the gates and they will open them for you.”
“I can’t imagine.” I try to imagine. I try to think of Boo strolling back into the café, putting on her pinny, and saying, ‘I hope you remembered to feed Hilary.’ Even imagining it puts my stomach into a deep churn.
“You did exactly the right thing,” John murmured to her. “Making him puke. You did the right thing.”
“Fair enough,” John said, in such an amiable way that Sherlock’s skin crawled. “You’re at our home, about thirty kilometers south of Prokuplje. You’re here because… well, I’m a doctor, Maja’s a nurse, and Captain Pavlović thought you should continue to have medical supervision.”
“Exactly. And to bring him here is a simple matter. Ask the-” Holmes briefly glanced at the door where Brigit and Mrs. Perry had gone, then back to Martin. “Ask the stableboy to take a message to the farm belonging to a man named Elridge. I will compose it while he prepares a horse.”
He walked into a storm of excited babbling and noise. As the net lifted, he saw that the lab was filled with people, at least twenty, all chatting and murmuring to each other.
qíngrén = lover
It was early May, but the room was cool and raised gooseflesh along his arms and legs. He pulled off his undergarments and slid under the chilly sheets of his bed. His erection briefly flagged, but a couple of strokes had him in a rock hard condition again.
“I will take you to your rooms, and bring your luggage later,” the driver said. They were the first words he had said to them. “Come.”
Sherlock could hear someone near Mycroft saying, “Sir, we have to go.” If it were any other conversation, they would have disconnected by now, but he could hear Mycroft breathing on the line.
“So Garrideb – I mean Evans – may believe that there is something of interest in the house that Prescott left behind when he was killed?”
“Ye-esss,” Sherlock said. He sat on the edge of the bed next to John. He looked less concerned that it would spin, and more that it would explode.
I smile again when I hand over the biscuit and his change. He does a double take and then smiles back, as if he’s forgotten that this is the moment in which to flirt. He’s out of practice. That’s all right, so am I.
Sherlock licked the spot on his own face; a reflexive action. “Nothing.”
John’s brows knotted at the sight of Sherlock’s perplexed expression. “
“Naw, that was the name she came with,” John said as he led him in a half jog up the ramp. “Didn’t have time to think of a new one and paint ‘em on.”
“Don’t be long,” she said.
They kissed, and Sherlock’s heart and mind were overflowing with love for this man, who had survived so much, and was now here, with him.
Sherlock smiled shyly at him, a look John would never had imagined a year ago, and turned to the front desk. A few moments later, he and Sherlock were walking down the hall.
“You brought the notes?”
Sherlock couldn’t help his astounded expression. “I – I don’t understand.”
Maja was in the far corner, her fingers tangling in agitation, her eyes wide. “Stop it! Stop fighting! Grow up, both of you!”
“Ohhhhh,” he said. He relaxed all at once and immersed himself. “That… that is lovely, John.”
“Well, not me personally, I’m not in charge but-”
“That’s fine,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock took a deep shuddering breath, and dared. “I want your cock in my mouth.”
Now Sherlock couldn’t keep from shuddering. “You can’t keep me here.”
Opposite him, another wing of the building created an L-shape, and Sherlock knew that beyond his sight, on the other side of that corner, was the car entrance to the courtyard, with only a low bar stretching across the driveway. On the building opposite was a metal fire escape. Tantalizingly safe, and fifteen feet away from where Sherlock stood.
At intermission, Sherlock drank thirstily from his bottle of water and patted at his sweaty face with a towel, careful to not mar his stage makeup. His mobile trilled, and he glared at it. Then he looked at the caller ID and glared harder. He answered.
John was accustomed to being around intelligent people – he attended Oxford University for God’s sake. He himself was no slouch. But now it hit him, like a lightning strike –
“Don’t be sorry. I’m not. Just – give me a moment, okay?”
Kurta: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Fz0_7y7hT-U/T9w8umo7gWI/AAAAAAAAA4I/TW74M73DN2E/s1600/Mens-Designer-Kurta-Pajama.jpg
His doctors agreed, and Sherlock suffered another night in hospital, under protest. The hospital staff clearly suffered as well, as there was no argument from them when Sherlock called John at six the next morning to help him get discharged. John recognized the wide-eyed, frantic look on the nurses’ faces, and signed the document releasing Sherlock into his care.
“That amount of tobacco can’t be good for you, Mr. Holmes,” said Mrs. Hudson. “Isn’t that right, Doctor Watson?”
In that moment, he made a promise to himself and to John. He would not allow John’s sacrifice to be made in vain. He would protect Maja and the baby inside her, he would get them to safety, he would take care of them. The situation had reversed, he realized. Now it was Maja beside him, not John, but he would get them out and use Mycroft’s influence to get John out after the fact.
Sherlock stood, the wool blanket falling around his shoulders. “I love you,” he said. “I can’t go back because – I love you. He – Mycroft – could see that. Didn’t you – didn’t you know?”
“Anything you like,” Sherlock said.
Jim jerked back with his hands against Sherlock’s diaphragm, forcing the air from Sherlock’s lungs in a gasp he couldn’t suppress. “Don’t be coy.”
They began to move, maintaining contact by the edges of their hips and their arms encircling each other’s waists. Sherlock’s muscle memory kicked in; it had been years since he had learned the Ar-tine at the Academy. He had had a client, years ago, who could dance it, but he had danced with mere technical competence and not skill. Sherlock once heard him counting the beats under his breath.
“To be honest, no. Well, a bit, but I had to do some repairs first.”
John nodded. He sighed, and realized how very tired he was, despite the hours and days of sleeping. Then he told Bahdri everything.
The days filled with a kind of grey mist. John stayed in his bed mostly, not having the will nor desire to go anywhere. He watched telly for a bit, but turned it off – it was too loud, the images too fast and bright.
“Do you want to stop in the gift shop? Buy a souvenir for someone back home?”
He spoke for over an hour, with occasional breaks for rest and sips of water. Mrs. Hudson’s hand rested on his the whole time, patting it at intervals. Sherlock was frustrated at his low energy, but was determined to get the story on record.
The waiting was interminable. Every morning he demanded answers from Mycroft, but he would only reply enigmatically about the wheels of diplomacy always running slowly, and Sherlock would grit his teeth. He knew in his heart that Mycroft was doing all he could, but his instinct was to shout at Mycroft until his throat was sore – as if that would retrieve John any faster.
John looked at the picture of Rosie, of Mrs. Hudson, of Sherlock, and then of the model, and saw that Mrs. Roshni was right.
John opened his sketchbook to a new page. He wanted to capture this miracle, this amazing thing that had happened – John and Sherlock in bed, together. It would be a gift for Sherlock, when he woke.
“You ran after me. You took him down.”
After the doors of the embassy were shut, he whispered, “Please.”
He could ask Mrs. Hudson again, perhaps draw her as she baked. He could ask Molly, capture her timidity even while she worked on a corpse. But his fingers itched to capture Sherlock at work.
“Thank you for your assistance, Mr. Watson.”
“All right?” John said softly to Sherlock. Sherlock nodded, and looked at Maja. She was still jammed in the corner, looking terrified. Part of him felt badly for her – none of this was her fault at all.
“Oh. I. Um.” He stumbles for a second, trying to remember the script before coming back online. It’s adorable. Oh my God. I have to be careful. “Is this your place?”
“Appropriate, as you’re playing the Mad Hatter. God, your legs look a mile long in those trousers.”
Sherlock gets into a rut in the case and John is worried about the consequences on him.
Sherlock stopped and held Maja by the shoulders. “He is going to be all right,” he said. He wondered which of them needed greater reassurance, but he held onto his own words as comfort. “He’s very clever, and when this is all over and he is with us again, you can ask him yourself.”
He kept watch through the night, and hoped that Rosie dreamed of slides and swings.
“Oh, don’t tell me…”
She shook her arm free, and stood tall. “Sherlock, it gives me great pleasure to say: not a chance in hell.”
The tannoy whined into life. “Five minutes, please, ladies and gentlemen. Places for Ms Asbil, Ms Buchanan, Ms Davies, Ms Henson, Ms Coghlan, and Mr Reynolds. Warning for Mr King, Mr Shah, and Mr Watson.”
“John put the earphones back on the skull, Mycroft. Just like it was, like nothing happened. The rug was ruined but we got a new one. John came back and he brought Rosie and now he’s happier.”
“He just came in,” said Penny, a retired nurse pressed into service by John. “Eileen found him, but he doesn’t seem to be able to speak or tell us anything about himself. Shock. We see it a lot.”
“What you need is some fresh air, to get out of these stuffy rooms,” John said. “You haven’t left since Cubitt was here. Go put on your coat and hat, and we’ll go up to Regent’s Park for a spell.”
A few moments later, there was a glass with a healthy splash of whisky by his side, and Sherlock was sitting expectantly across from him.
he thought, and yet he said, “What are you doing?”
Sherlock looked up at John, startled. Then he suddenly seemed to remember that he was naked, and that he had an erection. His hands flinched down to cover himself.
“It’s too bad, really. You probably could have come in. He was absolutely calm, quite peaceful. You know, I think next time you could probably bring your violin and play for him again. He does love that.”
“I never wanted to leave you,” Sherlock said.
John’s eyes meet his. “Yes. Of course.”
“God,” John said. “Yeah, I want to fuck you, I want all that. Do you – oh
John could feel his hands gripping into fists, and wondered how he would keep from beating the hell out of Bantam when he next saw him. Sherlock/Victor saw, and shook John’s hands loose again.
“That’s it dear,” she said, and picked up his clothes.
He opened his eyes. Sherlock’s face was more open and vulnerable than John had ever seen before.
“Oh, good,” John said, and his voice was choked. Sherlock leaned down, just a little, and tipped his forehead against John’s.
John nodded and stood, and Sherlock grabbed his wrist. “You’re – you’re wonderful,” he said.
“-the hotel,” John said.
Holmes checked his pocket watch and shook his head. “No, he will have already left for the station. Moreover, he would be safest well away; if he were to not take his journey to Birmingham, Evans would know the jig is up, and possibly find a more lethal way of getting him out of the way.”
“No, just her. While I’m reviewing clients’ proposals, I observe their behaviour and their demeanor, and I can deduce what they wish, what they need from the encounter. Professor Flynn, for instance, is a woman who has had to battle for her work to be respected, and has had to harden herself. I deduced that what she needs is old-fashioned romance.”
He held the postcard up to the light, and could see the silhouette of a tiny square inside the postcard. He ripped the postcard until he revealed the square, a tiny microchip the size of his thumbnail. He checked the time – thirteen minutes. No time to waste.
John swung back into the room and swiftly untied the rope from the sill. It fell, softly hitting the side of the building beside Sherlock and Maja. Sherlock couldn’t move his eyes from the dangling rope until it stilled, then forced himself to look up at John in the window.
Silently, Greg moved away from the doorway and a little bit back down the hall. He waited a moment, then pulled his keys from his pocket and rattled them while saying loudly, “Honest to God, that Riggs, I can’t believe-”
“Got it in one. Still a little stiff when it rains.”
They swam side by side towards the dark of Edgedown, and although Sherlock was still tired, his limbs sluggish and slow, he knew now he would make it to the docks. He felt as if he was borrowing movement and energy from John, matching him stroke for stroke.
JOHN: You started learning three days ago, Sherlock.
“What happens now?” John said.
“We’ll need to be quiet for a bit,” Sherlock said, “until they get into the champagne I left for them, then they’ll be making enough noise that we can talk without being detected.”
John waved a hand at him, at the room, the tea. “Is this what you always wanted? I mean, you clearly don’t have to worry about money. You’re famous, everyone knows who you are. Did you always want to be a Companion?”
“Ludicrous,” Anderson snorted from the doorway.
John hurried over to Holmes and Martin, sorry to have made Holmes impatient. Holmes was laying out the letters with the dancing men figures, and John guessed that Holmes wanted to move on to the next stage of the case. Quickly, Holmes walked Martin through the story of his client’s issue, and then through solving the code of the letters. When he got to the final one, ‘Elsie prepare to meet thy God’, Martin huffed out a heavy sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Those were just examples. Can you think of something you like to do, perhaps something you did as a child, that you weren’t able to continue for whatever reason? Take a moment and think.”
Sherlock put his head down, leaning on his knees. John heard him say something, muffled and indistinct.
This is killing me, maybe it’s killing him. But if this is what it takes for these two stubborn gits to take the step then so be it.
The boys get to Toronto, meet their contact, and find out a very important fact about the stolen coin.
Here's how it is: Sherlock and Jim play a most interesting game of chess.
“Hey Molls, it’s Greg. All right? Good. Look, I was wondering,” Greg scratched the back of his neck. God, you’d think this would get easier when you got older. “I was wondering – I remember you said you really liked that movie, Bringing Up Baby? Is that right? Well, I saw that they’re showing it at the Electric Cinema in Shoreditch, I was wondering if you-”
“I’m fascinated by it.” Jim moved his knight into play. “The idea of two distinct properties made into a whole new property by combining them together… that one combination will make something that harms, another will make something that is completely innocuous.”
“That… is an extremely long story. We’d have to walk to yours and then to Dover and back to cover it. Short version is that I didn’t take it well when he came back.”
“My nanny was fired, and a private tutor was brought in to prepare me for school. I went away to school that autumn. I never saw Victor again. I assume Father told his family that I was not to associate with him further.”
“Ooo, you are
“Get what off you?”
“There’s one…” Sherlock said, then cleared his throat. “There’s one that…” He looked at John with that intense look that John knew so well, then sang, “
John looked up at Sherlock, and frowned at Sherlock’s smirk. “
“I suppose there’s no reason to be secretive,” Garrideb replied, “and more minds may help the matter.”
Sherlock threw his bag into the corner and stripped off his jacket. “The powers that be at the National Theatre wanted to have a word about the performance. Apparently contemporary is not in their vocabulary, and I was warned against breaking their tiny brains against anything except classical musical and classical dance.”
Lestrade shook his head. “Not in charge, no, but we’re all on it. Sherlock-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Such as…”
The result was an invigorating chase through the alleys of London to break up the gang, culminating in a lovely roundhouse fight with John and Sherlock taking on five of them at once. In the end, all five went down. John helpfully knelt on the back of the second last conscious one while Sherlock zip-tied the last.
“I must agree, Mr. Garrideb,” Holmes said. John stared at him with some surprise – he would not have expected Holmes to agree with John Garrideb on any point. “Your word will be believed more than a foreigner, or even a representative like myself.”
They packed up everything that they had into the rucksack, and settled down to sleep. That night, for the first time, he heard voices. Loud and boisterous, they bounced off the buildings that remained standing. The echoes were such that he couldn’t pinpoint their location or even what they were saying, but it was shouting, pleading, and singing all mixed up together. It meant that there were other people alive in London, but they didn’t sound like the sort of people Sherlock would want to ally with. The sense of dread that Sherlock had been ignoring but that had been lying in the pit of his stomach for days, shifted through his nervous system and lodged there.
Sherlock only had eyes for John. John was being led to the gate, but when he caught sight of Maja, his face hardened, deep lines forming in his forehead.
Sherlock blinked, then drained his glass. "Good night, then."
SHERLOCK: That reminds me, we should get that picture framed.
Unfortunately the café is busy at 10:01am, and I don’t see the text until much later. Like three hours later. I deliberately left the phone in the cash register, so I wouldn’t check it obsessively. I have standards. I don’t get a chance to look at it until after the lunch rush.
“Are you ill?” Bahdri said.
“That’s okay. What’s your baby’s name?”
“Ah bless. Better luck next time,” she says. She pecks me on the cheek and turns to John. “Rosie was good as gold, fell asleep about an hour ago,” she tells John. “We went for a long walk in the park, so she was tuckered out.”
Jerome must have heard anyway, as his voice was a little less affable as he said, “The idea was that we’d bring you in, and when you’ve figured out the thief, and the location of the coin, then we’ll bring in the police to make the arrest, and that’s
Sherlock grabbed at the rungs and pulled up, but as his body came out of the water, his clothes and skin took on weight. He briefly imagined the ladder snapping under his tonnage of water and silk. His exhaustion swept back, doubled and redoubled.
Shì = Yes
Be Prepared – Blame in the Wrong Place – Windowcases and Widows – Husband Material – Possession and Confession – a Startling Realization
“However, we need to consider our own situation. We can simply remove ourselves from sight, which will reduce or eliminate suspicion.”
The man froze, and Moira wondered if he hadn’t heard her approaching. He looked her up and down, and it wasn’t lewd, as Moira had often encountered in her career - it was more like he was reading the serial number in her bones. After a moment, he turned back to the wall of men’s scarves in front of him and spoke rapidly.
Fuck. He’s really going to make me do this, over text?
The windowsill bent dangerously and one pane cracked, but did not give under the man’s weight. Lestrade and Gregson’s paralysis broke, and they both grabbed Hope by the jacket and pulled him back. Hope gave a shake and a snarl, and twisted out of their hold easily. Hope looked around, his eyes wild and wide, and saw the door he had come in – and Holmes blocking the way.
“You remembered. You rarely know what month it is, even when it’s snowing out, and you remembered Valentine’s Day.”
“We were a little distracted.”
“Simple, my dear Doctor,” Holmes threw himself into his chair and began to count on his fingers. “First, while he is an American, he has not been in England only three months, for all his clothing is English made. No one would have done so unless they had been living here for some time. Second, I know no one by the name of Dr. Lysander Starr in Topeka, Kansas, or anywhere else on the face of this earth, so he does not hail from Kansas as he says. Third, there have been no notices or advertisements placed in the London papers – you know I read them especially for such curiosities. Fourth, and most clearly, his body language gave away his falsity at every turn: the fidgeting of his fingers, the slight sheen of perspiration, the increase in heart rate and blood pressure, which is obvious should you watch the carotid artery carefully, the darting motion of the eyes, particularly to the left. All signs of dissembling.”
Sherlock swiped at the tablet again to see the pictures of the victims: a Shepherd, a pimp, an Alliance soldier, teenaged son of a wealthy financier (his uncle had been a client of Sherlock’s), and now, a nurse. Absolutely nothing in common, nothing to link them together.
“I know, I’m sorry,” Greg said. He put his key in the door and unlocked it. Sherlock came out with immense dignity.
“Well, that’s kind of the problem.”
We walk for about ten minutes before I say, “That was a really stupid film.”
After another long moment, the Admiral began to weep.
The music was unfamiliar to Sherlock, a kind of rock and bluegrass harmonic style, but there was a drive and anger behind the music that belied the major key.
He turned his eyes on the rest of the group, still waiting outside.
Six months after the bombing of London, Sherlock and John were married on the steps of St. Paul’s, with the aid of an imam who had joined the community. Mycroft carried Rosie, grinning proudly at them while Rosie giggled with happiness. The crowds of sniffling, smiling people around them disappeared from Sherlock’s eyes, and he barely heard the chants of the imam rising up – all he could see was John.
Mrs. Hudson did an admirable job keeping the media away. When Sherlock refused any interviews, a few enterprising reporters sent their newsbots directly to Sherlock’s home. Mrs. Hudson was polite but firm at first, and finally resorted to using a broom and some words that startled even the reporters who had been in the Miranda Wars.
“Probably not.”
“Do you believe his story?” John asked.
John looked up at the ceiling, and thought of everything that had happened since he had met Sherlock. Then he looked at Sherlock in the eyes, and sang, “
“No, not until after the show.” She smiled ruefully. “We were going to have a party.” She rubbed at her wrists, no doubt still sore and chafing from the handcuffs. John knelt beside her and picked up her hands, examining the reddened skin. Sherlock saw John’s brow contract at the purplish stain on the first two fingers of her right hand.
He opened his bedroom door to see Holmes, only a few steps away from the top, come to a skidding stop.
Sherlock stood and pulled his shirt up to show the bandaging on his side. “Some blood loss, and I’ll have a scar, but no major organs. I was moving when she fired, so it wasn’t as bad as it could have been. I’m all right.”
“What?” Sherlock said, all innocence.
“Yes, but must you be so irritating?”
The vidder revealed a crumpled and dazed John, who rubbed his red eyes as he stared at the screen.
“So I went to Mrs. Cubitt, and Brigit says to me, ‘She’s been shot too’, and I saw she was right, and I told Brigit to go call for the doctor and the police.”
“Well, he fired at me too, so you can’t blame me for firing.”
While his bread baked, he quickly mixed an egg with a little water and dug around the cupboards until he found a large container of poppy seeds, which he had originally bought for an experiment (“You trying to make home-made heroin, Sherlock? ‘Cause if you are, you know I’ll kill you, right?”). When the bread came out, warm and brown, he carefully removed it from the pan, and dipped his finger into the egg mix. For another moment he hesitated, wondering what to do – he only had a very few minutes, so no time for anything elaborate. In the end, he wrote the French word for ‘bread’ into the loaf, as a tribute to his grand-mère’s birthplace. Then he carefully poured poppy seeds over the loaf, noticing with satisfaction as they stuck to the lines of egg wash and slipped off everywhere else, leaving the word plainly scribed across the top of the bread. Then back in the oven for just a few minutes until...
Some uses of other languages. If you hover over the phrase, the English translation will pop up. If you want to do this, go to https://archiveofourown.org/works/12123858 for instructions.
John’s face was red as he paced the tiny room, and he stabbed a finger at Sherlock. “You’re thinking of leaving. Don’t deny it.”
“Always,” John said.
Holmes had not returned by the time night fell. John slept fitfully, half listening for Holmes’ step on the landing, but when he came down for breakfast in the morning, Holmes was there, reading the paper and drinking tea. John tried to not allow his relief show, but he wasn’t sure how successful he was.
“Do you know who
All the actors were suddenly very attentive, turning from each other to face Sherlock.
“Tea?” he said.
me, John.”
“I should have seen, I should have seen you loved me. You do, don’t you? I should have seen, because I love you. I love you so much, Sherlock. I see it now.”
Sherlock wound to a stuttering stop and he ducked his head back down.
,” Sherlock sang back softly. They stared at each other for a moment, then Sherlock closed his eyes and gestured.
John returned with a book and sat on a chair just behind the sofa. He looked up at Sherlock and said, “Oh, will it bother Your Majesty if I read in your presence? Will the star of the ballet world deign to allow me to sit here?”
Janina stopped her work and fixed him with an icy glare. Sherlock stared back at her, unwilling to play whatever game she wanted to play today.
When he opened his eyes, John was standing in front of him.
Sherlock insisted that he no longer needed the hospital room, and John was quickly moved in. He had snarled in frustration when he was shut out of the room, but Mrs. Hudson reasoned with him that the doctor needed some time to evaluate John’s condition. Instead Sherlock had paced incessantly in the hallway until they had let him in again.
More information about the coin (yeah, it's real. But it wasn't stolen from the Royal Ontario Museum, though one was stolen from a museum in Germany): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Maple_Leaf
“Got it,” Sherlock muttered, and the lock gave way. They slipped in quickly, and John closed the door and leaned against it.
“Daddy,” Rosie said, louder.
John stumbled off balance, exaggerating his reaction. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he shouted. “You’re a fucking menace!”
Sherlock felt frost pull his lips into a snarl. “That wasn’t on the vidders.”
“I see. Would you like some tea?” Mycroft said pointedly.
Sherlock stepped out onto the outer balcony of Jim’s skyhome, letting the wind whip his hair around. The smooth expanse of water far below glinted in the sun. He tipped his face up to the light, and observed the newsvidder drones flying about. He felt as though he’d been surrounded, caged in by newsvidders for the last three hours – constantly flashing in his face, capturing images of him and Jim as they signed the contract, shook hands, smiled, smiled, smiled.
At the park, they split up, agreeing to text with any news. The park was heavily wooded, and John was amazed at this enormous park in the middle of the bustling city. Fortunately the route to the theatre was well signed, and John was surprised at the number of people already making their way to the play, carrying picnic baskets.
“Sherlock Holmes, I owe you a heapin’ pile of an apology,” John said. His expression became more solemn. “I was in a dreadful frame of mind when we last talked. The time in jail was not exactly conducive to sleepin’, and I ain’t afraid to admit I was in a terrible state there. Seein’ all that at the hotel kinda brought back the memories of the war, an’ thinking that you had… Well.
“Don’t worry, John, it wasn’t you,” Bahdri said, still grinning. “You telling me about your man Sherlock Holmes inspired me to investigate. I went and had a pint with Giles, who was the tech on the Indiana/Iran fiasco. Well, I had a pint, he had about five. Turns out that Giles has a massive drinking problem, and he was hungover and still a bit drunk when he programmed that drop. But he didn’t want to admit it to Lassiter, so he covered up his mistake.”
“So…” John said. “A Companion, huh?”
“Just part of the job,” Mycroft said, but Sherlock knew he was pleased. “I’ll come by Monday morning for a full debriefing, if I may. We could also discuss your next assignment.”
“Where is he?” John ground out. Jerome was on the phone with the police now, but turned his head when he heard John’s voice, frowning.
“I think you should invite Mary as well,” Sherlock said.
“You’re MI6 as well?”
“Welcome to the Persephone social occasion of the year,” he said, smiling at the Commissioner.
“I knew I couldn’t keep it up indefinitely. Maybe ten minutes? Then they realized what I was up to, that you two were gone. Pavlović and a couple of heavies ran out, and a couple more heavies decided to put the boot to me on behalf of their boss.”
Her voice was calm and soothing, and Sherlock was suddenly so tired. Oh, she was good. No wonder she had been able to immerse herself in the role of a wife and nurse for four years.
“Rosie. You love her. You let us move in, and changed everything for us, let us disrupt your life-”
“But how-”
He pressed his face into Sherlock’s belly, the belly that had trembled as John drew him. He sighed as the tears came from him, finally, tears soaking into Sherlock’s skin.
“There’s one thing I don’t understand,” Sherlock said.
Careful to stay out of range of the cameras, John pulled from under the bed a length of rope fashioned from towels, sheets, and a rug from beside Sherlock’s bed. It was rough and ragged, but looked strong. Then he pulled out the poker from the fireplace. He had managed to bend it into a J shape, and Sherlock shivered internally at the mental image of John bending it, against the radiator perhaps, his muscles straining against the poker.
“Want me to put her down?”
“I remember my grandmother telling me about seeing Romeo and Juliet when she was a girl,” Flynn said. “She said it was quite sad.”
,” Sherlock said. “It is easy to be the best when there are few fish in the pond.”
“But Mr. Holmes, if there was a shot fired from the outside, why is the window not broken?”
John knelt and grabbed Sherlock by his shirt, pulling him up to his eye level.
“All right. John. I’m investigating five murders, two of which were discovered in the Docks area.”
Sherlock took a breath and began to play.
Sherlock struggles to find his place in the St. Paul's community, and considers an unsavoury solution.
I don’t know who baked them, but I assume this morning. Wasn’t me.
So they were both in a fine, grumpy mood when they returned to Baker Street. Sherlock had taken one look at them and whisked Rosie out of John’s hands and waved him towards the shower. By the time he got out, Rosie was happily eating her dinner in her high chair, and there were steaming containers of John’s favourite Chinese takeaway on the table.
said the actress playing Juliet. “You’re Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you? The Companion?”
“I can ask Mrs. Hudson.”
“Ohhh,” the man said smoothly. “
It was hard, so hard, to suppress those urges, to keep playing the aloof artist. But even through his elation he recognized that a slip at this stage could ruin the whole thing. So he turned and looked out the window of the black car taking him from the National Theatre, his face calm and neutral.
“All right, that’s enough now, Sherlock,” Maja said. “Very good try, though, I must admit. Never thought you’d get this far, especially once I’d winged you. But that’s enough.”
When John woke, morning sun was trickling past the curtains into Sherlock’s room. They had both moved, John flipping onto his back and Sherlock further down the bed, but with one long arm over John’s chest. John spent several long minutes watching Sherlock’s peaceful face and the rise and fall of his breathing, but ultimately John’s bladder could not be argued with, and he extricated himself carefully.
“He doesn’t,” Sherlock says. “Not like that.”
Jim had no doubt called for a rescue team even before Sherlock hit the water; he knew he had to get as far away from the place as he could. With the breather, he could at least get well out of sight before surfacing and checking his location.
Sherlock nodded, not taking his eyes off of John’s still form on the bed. He didn’t notice the doctor slip out of the room.
Sherlock looked down, and John followed suit, and they both stared at the Queen’s image for a moment.
“Anyone who is perturbed about my friendship with John is not someone I want as a client. And I reiterate once again that my choice of clients is just that: mine. I consider some of your suggestions for what you call the ‘political good’ because of your position in the New Alliance, but it’s my right to refuse anyone I wish. Is that clear?”
“But hasn’t late 19th century England been done to death? Surely I’ll be bumping into historians left, right, and centre there?”
Suddenly the confused look cleared from Sherlock’s face, and was replaced with something that looked like curiosity and recognition blended together. Sherlock stood and came to the bathroom, saying, “That’s an unexpected result.”
His heart had swelled up at the sight of his home. He’d really only been away six weeks but it felt like years and years. He kissed Mrs. Hudson on the cheek to keep himself from dancing on the street.
“Excuse me?” John said. He was kneeling beside the open bag of amniculusite, looking around at the crowd.
Remembrance of winters past.
“Five, six, seven, eight,” John said. “Now switch to heels.” He raised himself up on his toes and brought his heels down with sharp clicks. Sherlock followed suit.
“What do you see now, Sherlock?” John asked quietly.
Sherlock could feel his muscles loosening, letting John in. He looked up at John and was amazed at his expression: love, affection, lust, bemusement, all mixed together.
Anger overtook the fear that had been rising in Sherlock’s gut since Pavlović had entered the room. “Ah, I see. The poor misguided artist, living in a make-believe haze, without a clue of the workings of the real world. Is that it? Do you know how often I’ve heard that over my career? Ridiculous. Of course I know how the world works.”
“Not really my style,” said the man.
Sherlock looks down at the tiny piece of brass in his hand. The moon reflects in the metal, shines between the letters engraved in it. ‘I LOVE YOU’ and the moon.
“I don’t care,” Sherlock snapped. “And he came back, Lestrade. We came back and he was treating the wounded, while I stood there like a…” Sherlock swallowed hard. “Get him out. I’m his alibi. Turn on your vidder, I’ll give my testimony now. Just get him out.”
“I’m not sure I want to eat another pastry ever again,” John said. “It’s past teatime though - we ought to eat something that isn’t full of sugar and cream.”
“We’re learning about depacement!”
He slept for hours on end: sometimes with terrible dreams of Sherlock in his grave, or calling for John down a foggy alley. Sometimes there were no dreams, which made it feel as though he hadn’t slept at all. In many ways, he preferred the nightmares.
One day, he had found some sheet music and his hands were itching for his violin (lost, crushed beneath the rubble of Baker Street), when he heard John calling him. He turned in time to see John come running around the corner, nearly falling over in his haste. At first Sherlock thought something was terribly wrong, with Rosie or someone else, but then he saw the grin on John’s face and the light in his eyes.
Sherlock’s head turned to John but he kept his eyes down. “You asked what I saw when I looked at your picture of me. I saw – I saw a man with a secret.”
Jim looked up at Sherlock, his eyes serious and clear. “None like you,” Jim answered. “Even though we haven’t met until today, I felt a – a connection to you. There were just so many-” Jim paused, then stood. “Let me show you something? Please?”
John turned out of Sherlock’s arms, and picked up his comically large hat, with “10/6” on the side. “I’d better go up.”
“Didn’t blame you,” she said, waving off his discomfort. “That area where you were – there’s a lot of… wildness there. We call it the wastelands. Just glad it ended well.” She turned to John. “We found a whole warehouse, Cap. Stinks to high heaven with the produce that was there, but a shit-ton of canned goods, non-perishables. We secured the place again after we left, but we’ll need more hands to bring more back.”
Café’s going well, at least. Keeps me busy. Joe shows up first on Chatty Tuesday, last to leave. Talks constantly. He could have taught John and Sherlock a lesson.
“She fell asleep before she even finished the bottle,” Sherlock said, sitting in his chair. “Any tea left?”
“For now, yes.” John eased the boot off, revealing a silk sock over a long, elegant foot. He stroked Sherlock’s foot, smiling at the intake of breath he heard above him, then turned to the other foot.
“That is correct,” Sherlock said.
John willed his hand not to shake as he focused on Sherlock’s groin, drawing in the dark hair there, the soft testicles – and the penis that was slowly filling and hardening.
“The truth, if you please,” Holmes said. His face betrayed nothing.
“Would you let me win?”
“Amazingly ridiculous.”
“All costumes back to the costume department,” she said, still pulling.
“I can tell. But let me inform you,” Sherlock blew against the dampness and watched with satisfaction as the nipple gathered and peaked, “that I have been professionally trained, and I know a thousand ways to pleasure a man.”
"I remember you playing with it, as a child," Mycroft said softly. "It should be yours."
“Right.” He stood in place in the net, allowing himself to still.
But both of them were holding back, without saying that they were. It could be explained by Sherlock’s lack of experience, and John knew that and wanted to allow Sherlock to take the lead; or because John was inexperienced with men, and Sherlock knew that and wanted to allow John to take the lead. But deep down, Sherlock had the sense that they were both waiting for something else, for something to happen which would open the floodgates.
When the cab pulled up, he realized they were outside the Jowett building, at a side entrance. He looked up at the darkened windows of the building, and looked at Bahdri in confusion.
Idi, hvala ti - Go, thank you
The elevator doors opened, and John and Sherlock entered. The doors were almost closed when Greg heard one final snort of laughter from them.
, Sherlock thought.
Hush! No more noise,
There was a sumptuous meal laid out on the table – roast beef, potatoes, peas, Yorkshire puddings. The scents combined in Sherlock’s nose, reminding him of Sundays at his parent’s home. He realized suddenly that
They were admitted into the house by the maid, a pale young thing with tears standing in her eyes. When John explained who they were, she whispered, “I’ll fetch the Inspector for you, sirs,” and fled the foyer.
“You’ve asked me to be your permanent Companion,” he murmured, his voice low and intimate in a way he had practiced for years. “I am the best Companion on Persephone. I am known throughout the quadrant for what I can do with my body, with my hands, with my mouth. My reputation is based in truth. Yet you’ve made a proposal without having,” Sherlock sighed, felt Jim echo it, “enjoyed my attentions. When I came out here to meet you, I thought you might want to… ensure that your investment would be worth your while. Yet you haven’t even touched me.”
“But he can’t do that,” John said. “Where’s Dunworthy?”
“Let’s find out,” John said. “Michael Bantam, was it? Where did you put the coin?”
“Those drones are just visuals, they can’t pick up what we’re saying from there,” he said calmly. “We are alone. You can drop the act now, I think.”
She, even she, Moira, the queen of sales at Harrods, was running out of ideas. They rounded the corner into the jewelry department. “A nice watch? We might even be able to engrave it tonight.”
“Pardon?”
Sherlock maintained a network of people in the streets of Persephone City, people which Mycroft sneeringly referred to as Sherlock’s Irregulars. They were infinitely useful, however, and could give him the edge of information that could solve a case, information which the police could not possibly get. All for the sake of a few credits passed between hands.
“There,” Bahdri said.  “Get dressed, something clean if you’re able to find anything in this cesspool. And brush your teeth for God’s sake. Hurry.”
“It’s all right, Watson,” Holmes whispered, grinning. He lifted his head and shouted, “Give up, Carmichael! That was your last bullet, wasn’t it? And you’re carrying a Webley number one revolver, which is difficult to load quickly, even if you had more bullets. Which you don’t. So put the gun down and surrender.”
“Shall I come to see you? Perhaps I can… Where are you? Are you at the hospital?”
After three days, Sherlock turned to his vidder and punched in a number.
Here's how it is: Sherlock's makeup is a mess, Anderson jumps to another arrest, and Sherlock receives some very interesting waves.
Don't bother looking up Kido-Kush martial arts - I totally made it up. :)
Maja smiled, coldly, and a rill of fear ran down Sherlock’s spine. “Well, then, whatever shall I do? Let’s see. The only people you’ve seen since you arrived are the staff at the hospital – they all checked out. Pavlović, me, John. The guards – obviously not, they’re completely loyal. The only other person you’ve seen is that ice-bitch at the National Theatre. So it’s her, yes?”
He looks up at me, and I’m floored by the look on his face.
The stable boy came and went, taking the message with him, and they settled down to wait. At one point Martin offered to send for tea, but Holmes refused sharply, with no explanation. John felt tense and nervous, thinking back to the incident with Jefferson Hope which so nearly got out of control.
” he shouted.
They obeyed, pointing their eyes warily at Sherlock but moving with complete trust in the woman. She kept her hands up.
Through the cabin window, Sherlock could see headlights racing down the runway towards the plane, but the plane began to taxi away from them, gaining speed. The runway seemed to go on forever, but then he felt the plane tilting upwards, and gravity pressed him into his seat. Looking down, he saw tiny figures coming out of the car to stare at the plane as it flew away. He looked over at Mycroft.
“Mycroft?” he said.
“Standard chocolate sponge, soaked in kirsch, whipped cream, cherries. Hardly a challenge.”
The car was large enough that they could all fit fairly comfortably for the long ride. John and Maja looked out of opposite windows. Sherlock closed his eyes as though sleeping, but was actually reviewing the map of Belgrade in his head.
And he loved it.
He saw John let go a breath, as if he had been holding it. “Well of course, you git,” John said. “You’re a ballet dancer. Dance ballet.”
He smiles, slow.
John asks me to pick the film, and I pick some random film from the papers, some so-called comedy that must have been written by a twelve year old arsehole kid. At first it’s okay – not the film, but I start making fun of it, and John follows along, and we’re nearly alone in the theatre, giggling, and I think that maybe we’ll give up the premise of watching and just snog in the theatre like teenagers.
Dancers tend not to be modest about their bodies. Sherlock had spent his entire career wearing little more than a pair of tights in front of thousands of people, not to mention quick changes backstage when he would frequently be stripped down to just his dance belt with the whole crew rushing around him. He felt no alarm with John seeing him fully naked. Despite his nudity, he did not move to cover himself.
Sherlock looked up at John, and saw him smiling without humour. There were miles of pain in his eyes.
He finished the picture of Harry, and laid it next to the picture of Rosie. He looked at the two pictures for a long time.
“Sherlock, I can’t-”
“As well as can be expected.” He allowed Mycroft to see that he was lying, and a flash of alarm crossed Mycroft’s face.
Chapter Notes
“Well, yes, dear. But why did you write ‘pain’ on it?”
Silence fell through the studio. Then he heard John say, very quietly, “Yeah. That’s it.”
Near the end of the day, John announced that he was sick of Bach, sick of ballet, and sick of Sherlock, and stormed off to the shower room. Sherlock’s cock hardened at the sound of the rushing water coming from the far end of the studio, but forced himself to concentrate on finishing the musical phrase. Then he casually walked to the shower room.
He’s wandering around, looking at all the pictures of the guinea pigs with this little half smile on his face. He’s either genuinely amused, or he’s checking for emergency exits. He must hear my fetching smile, because he comes over to the cash. I’m standing there in my pinny and trying to look helpful and ‘come hither’ and ‘don’t fuck with me’ all at once.
He turned his aching head away from the IV to Mrs. Hudson’s kind face.
Mycroft had the nerve to look nonchalant and unperturbed by Sherlock’s rising rage. “I merely keep an eye on you for your own safety and for your own good.”
“’Bout a week. I took a route that’s a bit out of the way, in case we got followed.”
“Divan. It’s a piece based on a design from Earth-That-Was.” Sherlock’s lip curled, his eyes darkened. “Come sit here with me,” he murmured. “It’s terribly comfortable.”
He lifted his head in a silent roar at the sky, channeling his rage, his helplessness at his situation, at his loss of the freedom and independence he valued so highly. He embodied that independence with sprints ending with a
Shǎzi = idiot
John was rearing up for a classic Watson dressing down, when he caught himself with a sense of déjà vu, a familiarity with the voice, the tone… All the pieces suddenly fell into place, everything that had been building up since the case had begun, the case which had become more complex than they had anticipated.
SHERLOCK: Your French accent is appalling.
“Yeah,” John said, leaning into Sherlock’s shoulder. “Happy.”
“You cannot afford to wait to fly out with the rest of the company tomorrow. We will get you out tonight.”
Sherlock unbuttoned John’s shirt, his face lighting up a little more as he went, like each button was a mystery solved. He parted the two sides of the shirt, revealing John’s smallclothes. John had never hated Victorian costume more.
," Sherlock said with some acid.
“Would it surprise you to hear that I have been thinking the same thing?” John said.
John looked up in surprise. This was not what he had expected at all.
He turned his head and saw John, propped up on his hand, gazing at him. He grinned, and John smiled back. They kissed, quiet and languid.
T.J. shrugged. “You know Lassiter, doesn’t trust anyone that’s not from his college.”
John shrugged. “Murder ain’t infrequent here. Mind being more specific?”
Comprehension dawned, along with a shot of excitement. “Indeed I do. And I believe you wished to as well?”
Years and years later, John feels several pairs of hands on him, pulling him over the edge of the well and onto the grass. Deep inside he knows he is safe now, but he can’t release his hold on Sherlock, and Sherlock doesn’t let go either. He feels the warm scratchy weight of a blanket being draped around them both.
“It’s difficult for you, isn’t it, General? Making decisions all day, every day, without rest. Decisions that impact other people. Decisions that could cost men and women their lives. And they follow you. They trust you to make the right decisions. It’s an enormous responsibility, and it’s exhausting you. So you make one more decision – to come and see me. Yes?”
John lay on his bed, curled in on himself and turned to the wall.
“How did you-”
But John was tapping both with and against the rhythm of the song. He was dancing out the rage in the music and the lyrics with his feet and his whole body. He was using dance to lay his emotions out raw, allowing anger and frustration to take control of his body, from his head to his feet in staccato taps, hard and fast and as angry as machine gun fire.
John stood behind him, his hands warm and firm on Sherlock’s shoulders, as Sherlock flew the ship into the Black.
“I wouldn’t blame you if it was. But I understand. Again, I’m so sorry about the whole thing.”
Sherlock was sitting at his desk when the doorbell rang. “Come in,” he said.
He sat down and rang Dunworthy but the line was engaged. No doubt every other history student was calling him too. He tried again, realizing that his hands were shaking, but no answer.
As John stepped into the hovercar, Sherlock noted that John had showered briefly, but that the water had been cold, either for economy or to expedite his waking up.
When John returned, Holmes was still on the divan. A tea tray lay on the table behind him, the tea cold and puckered in the cup. John forced down his instinct to ask Holmes to eat, and continued to his room without a word.
John realized he was still staring while Holmes sat back in his chair, coolly, smugly.
“I think so. I remember my mother wanted me to read it, she said it was full of math riddles.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Twenty five thousand?”
For two days, Holmes smoked constantly. Pipe smoke filled the flat. Mrs. Hudson waved her arms about, then opened the windows wide.
Arrivals and adjustments – cost of living – introductions – strange and strangers – a day like no other
The Commissioner chuckled ruefully as he shook his head. “I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I dance like an elephant, dear Sherlock. You enjoy it?”
“Still fucked up.”
“Since when have you cared about that? Cases are your life. I saw that. There’s a light inside you that – I just don’t understand, Sherlock.”
“She thought that…” John was about to say and lost his courage. “She thought that it was very good.”
“We have, indeed,” Holmes said. “Come out, and you shall explain yourself to the police.”
“She’s
John felt a wave of pity for the boy Holmes was. “How old were you?”
Sherlock sat back, stunned. He had always known she carried a secret, but had no idea what it had been. “You never told me that,
“There’s only microphones in the bathrooms, no cameras,” John murmured. “I checked. And the water will drown out any sound. Listen carefully.” John stared at Sherlock, his eyes steady and sharp, and Sherlock felt his initial shock ebb away, leaving only confusion.
before,” John said as he slid the disc into the machine.
[Both men are now dripping sweat; John’s shirt has darkened in a line down his spine. Their faces are flushed, but they are looking into each other’s eyes and grinning.]
Sherlock patted the wall of the ship. “He’s sorry, Baker, he didn’t mean it.”
“John, what are you-”
“Give me two more hours. Midnight.”
England is England yet, for all our fears—
“Sherlock.”
John stared at the money, breathing hard. Then he nodded, once, jerkily, snatched up the credits and the paper elephant, and walked out.
Sherlock stared at the pile of notes on his desk. They were wrinkled and worn, clearly not kept in a bank or a safe, but on John’s person, safe between his clothes and his skin. He knew if he touched the notes they would still be warm from John’s body heat. “John,” he said, “is this the money for your ship?”
“Do you want to go to the hotel and check in, and come to the museum in the morning, or-”
“If you will excuse me,” he said, “I have some phone calls to make. Sherlock, I can have you transported back to London as soon as Doctor Bell clears you.”
"Right," he said, his face a bit red. "Let's go, John."
Garrideb looked at John, a mistrustful and wary look. “I would prefer if-”
“You cannot go out!” he found himself roaring. He placed himself firmly in front of the door, looming over her tiny body. “Neither of us can go out! It’s not safe, don’t you understand? We. Cannot. Go. Out.”
“Ah, you’re here, excellent,” Mr. Dunworthy said, looking up from a book as he sat by the comp. “The numbers finished running five minutes ago, Bahdri.”
“John,” Maja shrieked.
“Actually, sir,” said a young woman in a lab coat, “we lost a Neptune Grouper last month.”
“Well, he’s decisive, that’s a mercy,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I’ve had boarders that hem and haw for days. Now then, let me put on some tea while you two get settled. Perhaps Mr. Holmes’s driver can take bring your things afterwards?”
“Help Eileen? Serve food? Care for the children? I’ll care for Rosie, but no one else, you know it would be a disaster.”
“Nothing in the way anymore.”
“There’s ten men behind us now,” Pavlović snarled. “I can give them the word and they’ll get you in the car, have no doubt.”
Third, Holmes could sit him down and, as kindly as possible, tell him that he didn’t feel like that.
John felt a violent jerk on his shoulders. He turned to protest and saw Waters from the costume department trying to yank his jacket off his body. “The hell?”
“Sorry,” he says again. “Um… bad memories. They catch up with me every once in a while.”
John was still so shocked that it took him a moment to notice Holmes’ proffered hand and remember to shake it.
“You’re too kind.” He turned to the Commissioner. “Commissioner, may I present Tjinn Harbord, my former classmate at the Naditu Academy. Tjinn, Commissioner Edward Yun. Who are you here with, Tjinn?”
“You are worth the disruption, John,” Sherlock said quietly.
“Is it?” Sherlock said softly.
Keith pouted. “Just joking.”
After a long time, he pulled his phone from his pocket and stared at it. His finger hovered over the phone icon, then over the chat icon. He held it there for a long time.
They were performing
His eyes rolled back, and John collapsed into the arms of the guards.
JOHN: For what?
“Be careful. They won’t take kindly to people skulking around backstage.”
“Yeah?”
“Why you? Why not Bahdri, or Nolan?”
“Good. That’s – good.”
The moment the word fell from her mouth he froze. She knew in her heart it was right, it was perfect, he didn’t have to say a word. She stopped and turned to him for the first time since they had started through the store; he was simply standing there, blinking. After a moment he took a breath, as though waking up or emerging from water.
“Just a moment, I want to – would it bother you, if I looked-?”
They laughed softly into each other’s mouths, then kissed, and for just a brief moment there was no guard, no danger, no threat of imprisonment, just themselves.
“I thought you-” John stopped, and looked down at his feet, clearing his throat again and again. “You said you were going to him, and I thought – and then your note – thank God I found your note.”
It wasn’t quite dawn when Sherlock crept into the flat. His first thought as he approached the sitting room was why the lights were still on. John was a stickler for turning off the lights before turning in. If Sherlock left the lights on in the loo for more than two minutes after exiting it, there was inevitably a lecture about ‘hydro costs’ and ‘waste’.
