Dean smiled, unable to stop himself. “Ice...and chapstick,” he answered, hardly believing he was having this conversation with an angel of the Lord. “We’ll stop somewhere on the way the motel, and have you good as new.”
“Some of you might not know me, but I’m Dean Winchester.” It’s a joke, and not a very humble one, but Dean’s had just enough whiskey not to feel guilty for it. He’s met with another rush of fanfair, this time accompanied with excited shrieks and screams. Dean grins down at all of them, eyes sweeping every open face. Strangers with their phones out recording, grinning ear to ear… He loves this, loves playing in smaller venues so he can really talk to the audience.
seemed too specific, too detailed, to be the random musing of someone three sheets to the wind. Between the outright love confession and the mention of a sinister figure out to sabotage their relationship, Castiel was more inclined to accept the latter at face value. He was steeped in too much guilt lately to believe Dean could really, truly love him.
“What the hell are we waitin’ for?” Missouri said, grinning at Castiel. “Get your sweetie back in here an’ let’s celebrate.”
hardcovers were shipped to the office. You practically pinned his author photo to your bulletin board—”
“Whatever brought us together, I’m really fucking glad it did,” Dean admits softly, and then they’re kissing again—a little rougher than before, more insistent as Castiel’s tongue slips between his parted lips. He flicks his own tongue and the touch feels electrifying, their hands and arms tightening around one another as they kiss more fiercely. Kissing Castiel feels so warm and solid, so thrilling and heady, and Dean is already getting hard after just a few minutes of being pressed together. He’s wondering how many notches Castiel is willing to take this up to, not wanting to rush him but definitely eager for a little less clothing, when he feels a tentative hand cup his denim-clad erection.
“And the wedding?” Castiel’s voice is muted and low and practically slurred, still distracted by thousands of overstimulated nerve endings on his knot.
“Good. Seriously, I’m good,” Dean says, trying to diminish those worried creases on Castiel’s face. “Your brother is a miracle worker.”
“I’m glad you asked,” Anna said, sounding almost chipper. “We can do exactly what I would’ve suggested
Dean felt the swell first, the impossible surge of Cas’ white hot come filling him, making him shout. His own orgasm slipped out of him without his control, abrupt and incredibly and unbearably intense, the moment Cas’ knot caught the outer muscle of his rim. The surface of Cas’ desk was covered in Dean’s release and he felt tears forming at the edge of his vision, Castiel’s knot overstimulating him from the inside out. Castiel fell heavy against him and Dean’s elbows gave way, lying horizontal and panting, the movement making Cas’ knot plunge deeper and making them both moan. With Castiel behind him, sweating and exhaling fitfully, Dean instinctively bared his neck. Castiel’s lips found the slope of his skin, the unblemished, unmarked spot for his mate.
“Who is it?” Dean demanded, eyes narrowing in irritation. He and Jess, Sam’s wife, had tended to the animals all day...and Dean was really looking forward to his well-deserved nap, dammit.
Castiel nods dimly, and after a few moments of silence, adds, “He’s been helping me...prepare for what’s ahead.”
John gaze goes wide with shock as he falls against Castiel, both alphas tumbling downward, John panting as his shirt is stained with a growing blot of red.
…” Castiel doubles his effort, head flung back, mouth open as his back arches. “Dean, it’s–it’s too much, I can’t—”
An hour earlier, Anna had texted Castiel the address to Dean’s farm, seeming as surprised as Castiel by his sudden change of heart. But Anna hadn’t read that letter, hadn’t felt the vulnerability in Dean’s confession...the shame and confusion, the desire to move forward. Though he still found Dean difficult—something about his
Dean shook his head and laughed, despite his best efforts. They walked down the gravel driveway towards the Impala, Dean loading his suitcase in the expansive trunk. He gave both Charlie and Jess quick hugs, at their insistence. They asked when he’d be back, but truthfully, he didn’t know yet. The funeral was tomorrow, and afterwards, Cas had some business to handle while they were in town. Dean could finish writing his manuscript anywhere, thankfully, not minding the atmosphere of coffee shops or public libraries. So they had both bought one-way tickets to New York City without considering what that might imply.
attitude irritated Castiel—he couldn’t believe he had misread the man so harshly. He thought back to his high school years, when he had been outed as gay in a small southern town, just like this one...it was no wonder Dean was struggling, both personally and creatively. Castiel could only pray his outburst hadn’t caused irreversible damage.
“Never.” Castiel leans in, scattering his forehead, his cheeks, his chin with kisses. “You’re not what I expected.”
noses.” Despite his obvious concern, Sam seemed almost impressed with Dean’s physical prowess. “They just bruised him up a bit, that’s all. But I’m worried for him.”
He’s hard. Again. He closes his eyes, breathes, tries to stay calm. He needs to get lotion soon or he’ll rub himself ragged. He grabs the first promising book off the third row of the bookshelf,
“I’m sorry to disappoint you, but...” Castiel’s voice dropped, low and rumbling. “I do not have a fancy ass boyfriend in New York with a loft apartment in a skyscraper.”
“At the next song change, you can start walking,” she instructs, then points at the ground. “Follow the petals to the altar.”
“You’re never interrupting,” he said kindly, pulling away slightly to look into Dean’s eyes, to show how much he meant it. Three years together, and the sight of those eyes were just as stunning and piercing and fucking
Anger slowly vanished from Dean’s expression. He shook his head for a few moments, then grinned. “Cas, you are seriously something else.”
“That’s it, baby bro,” Gabriel coos, but Castiel’s vision is milky at best, and he can’t discern his brother’s expression. “Just hang on…”
“No…” Castiel closes his eyes, thinking. “This matters. This question matters, Dean.” He glances at the peach tree, the flowers, the water.
Dean doesn’t trust himself to speak, so he just nods minutely and stares up at the ceiling. Castiel finishes him off in one steady pull, and Dean steps out of his boxers, his cock hard and neglected after so much lead-up.
Zachariah’s face turned to stone. “I did no such thing. I merely offered him a choice and he took the easy way out...as I suspected he would.”
Thought I'd give a gift to those of you who love smut as much as I do: this story's first official smutty chapter!! One whole day early, too!
“I’m gifted in one area,” Castiel says carefully. “It’s a natural aptitude that I usually can't control, but it’s very—potent. At times. Depending on my partner.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, stepping closer. He wants to touch him, to reassure him, but he’s not sure if the gesture would be welcome right now. “Let me explain, okay? But—” He turns back around, eyeing the store from his peripheral vision. “I really only wanted to stop here to pick up some things. Would you mind giving me a few minutes to shop and say bye? And then I’ll be right out?”
He laughs to himself again, shaking his head and securing the note between two empty pages in the front matter. Then he taps the book three times, the incredibly thick paperback rising into the air before disappearing altogether.
“You didn’t see him up there, okay?” Dean’s voice is sharp, and he could be plowing through the stop sign by now, but the car is still idling. “He was—fuck, he was desperate to stay, yeah. But that was ‘cause he didn’t think he’d ever end up in Heaven unless he kept driving down the express lane.”
“I just wanted to know what it tasted like,” Dean said, trying to sound innocent, but he removed his finger slowly, brushing his lower lip and biting seductively. Hey, he might be new at this whole, two-dicks situation, but he still knew a thing or two about sex.
“This has nothing to do with you, Castiel. Go back that fancy, New York office and tell everyone that the writer from the sticks is dumb or homophobic or whatever the fuck floats your boat. Either way, I’m out.”
“Care to partake?” Castiel set two lowball glasses on his desk, and when Dean readily accepted (“Ain’t never said no to good whiskey”) the VP poured them both a drink, neat. Dean took a long, savoring sip and looked at Cas curiously. This meeting was going in an interesting direction, but he sure as hell wasn’t complaining. Castiel used his tongue to swipe the excess liquor off his bottom lip and Dean squirmed in his seat, thinking of every
and Dean wouldn’t last for five minutes at this pace. Forgetting his instructions, Dean cried out as Cas penetrated him with a particularly forceful thrust.
he wants you, Castiel. Don’t you see? He wants someone he can manipulate, which he’s always been able to do...before you met Dean, that is. You disagreeing with him on the
“Your car, everyone in town knows it,” Castiel said reasonably. “Do you really want to explain to Donna and Doug why you stayed overnight?” He hated to even consider it, especially after being out for so many years, but Dean was still closeted. Castiel wanted to be sensitive of that fact.
The question was evidently such a surprise that Dean choked on his drink, coughing until Castiel had to lightly pat his back.
“Yeah, I...I get it. After hearing you read, I mean. Why you wouldn’t wanna hang around here long.” Dean stared down at the table and spoke quietly, as if saddened by this development.
would be important if he bottomed. “You’ll probably want to top your first time, Dean,” Castiel advised, curled up together one night in bed. Dean wasn’t convinced, considering his most powerful orgasms had been the result of having one or two of Cas’ deft fingers doing
go all the way, he’d surely want to top...which wasn’t Castiel’s preference of the two, but for Dean, he’d do anything. The thought was more than enough to get Castiel aroused, and he felt a familiar tingle in his stomach, his cock semi-hard just from the thought of kissing Dean, pushing him onto the bed, unzipping his pants…
The catch? They’re forbidden to speak a word to each other, despite sharing an obvious and immediate crush. One might even call it true-mate level.
Dean’s body grows tense behind him, exhaling out in such a rush Castiel gets goosebumps. “I just drank my father’s ashes in a shot of whiskey, so…” He squeezes his alpha again for good measure before taking a step backwards. “I feel like I sorta need to go brush my teeth before I kiss you.”
He rises to his haunches, squatting low in front of the chest, and his hands fumble with the canister of salt. He slings open the chest, sprinkles the salt generously over the grimy old bones, and strikes a match. The fire lights immediately, bright and warm, so close that the radiating heat makes him sweaty. The ghost is close to Castiel, gearing up for another hit when his body begins to burn away, glowing like the butt of a discarded cigarette. The vengeful spirit moans in dismay and anguish before finally disappearing altogether.
“Not sure if you can,” he bites out bitterly. “Did he tell you what he said to me? Last night at the bar?”
“He just needed some—” Castiel was suddenly struck by the directness of her question. “How did you know he was my…?”
Dean sways against him, looking mesmerized by the gleam in Castiel’s eyes. “Not so bad yourself, alpha.”
“No whiskey,” Castiel says. Dean raises his eyebrows, so he explains, “Can’t have you going back to hating me, can I?”
He’s standing alone in the center of the field when several things hit him at once—first, every single fucking person is staring at him, waiting for him to vote; second, he can feel his dad’s forceful scrutiny, his alpha scent practically screaming at Dean to obey his family alpha and come to his side; third, Castiel is frowning and staring at him, sad and sympathetic, as if he pities the choice Dean has to make; and fourth, the vote is officially split, both alphas having an even number of twenty-three pack members.
“In case the message wasn’t clear,” he growled, rolling up the sleeves of his button-up in haphazard jerks and stomping towards the door, “I quit.”
Dean, who’s still laying in the middle of the angel trap while Cas gets carted off to Eve, must be remembering their time together here. He’s felt Dean have this dream before, and he can feel his friend’s longing anywhere—even from across the country. Most times he’ll do all he can to shut it out and give Dean his privacy, but now he stays with Dean in the dream, if memory can be considered a dream. It was the only time he’s ever been allowed to touch Dean like that and it’s something he remembers well. He just wishes he wasn’t surrounded by Chuck’s lamest creation being carted off to pay for his crime against the Mother of all Evil, so he could take a moment and enjoy the memory.
Castiel is thankful for the subject change, especially if it helps Dean reciprocate some of the vulnerability his recent mishap has offered. “Is that so?”
“Religious studies, or more specifically, deities in magic,” Cas answers, sitting up straighter as he speaks. “I was fascinated by the thought of god existing, even in a world like ours, where mystical things occur without rhyme or reason. How can we exist in the same space, if god does indeed exist?”
“Brunch,” Sam finished, flashing a mischievous grin. It was an old argument, one where Dean insisted that brunch was an abomination because no one had any business eating breakfast after ten o’clock.
His next move had been purely instinct...spinning his lifelong best friend on his heels, cupping his chin with both hands, and kissing him hard and dry and desperate. During their teenage years he had never known if Dean had wanted him, had been too afraid to even try. But that night, Dean had only pulled him closer and kissed him deeper. When they had finally pulled away, it occured to Castiel that they had both been crying.
“Didn’t say that,” Dean whispers, shivering at the press of Castiel’s body against him. Truthfully, this is the best he’s felt in months—all he ever does is work, and get drunk, and occasionally have random hookups that don’t last the night. As much as he knows he shouldn’t dive headfirst into this thing with Cas—he’s cultured, he’s intimidatingly hot, he has no interest in staying in Lawrence—Dean has been intrigued by this mysterious man for months now. Having hands running up and down his body, pouring warmth into his skin, mixed with the gravelly voice of Castiel above him and the weight pressed against his back—
“There’s a lot of things we should discuss,” Dean points out, then closes his eyes, shaking his head in annoyance. “But not now, ‘kay? My nose tells me we’re about to be interrupted.”
Castiel had agreed with Dean that the blockers felt like a huge invasion of privacy, and apologized profusely on behalf of Naomi. Then he had asked—rather awkwardly and endearingly—if there was any other solution Dean could think of that would solve their current condrunum. As it were, they couldn’t exactly run a productive company with a bunch of alphas searching desperately for an omega with unleashed sexual energy wandering around the water cooler. That’s when Dean had mumbled a confession about his pastime and
“Ouch,” Dean grumbles, rubbing the spot on his shoulder that bore the brunt of her attack. “I dunno. I wasn’t, I guess.”
“Pie is a reward, you two.” Dean planted his elbows on the table, looking at his brother and sister-in-law, grinning. “Family members who embarrass me in front of my new boyfriend don’t make the cut.”
“Sure,” Dean said, sucking a deep mark on a spot of Cas’ neck that would be hidden by his starch collar. “Whatever, whenever.”
“Surprised to see you up before noon,” Dean quips, abandoning his spoon to grasp Cas on the forearm. The alpha places a small kiss on the back of his neck.
The subsequent entries mention the King in passing, more secret phone calls and even one clandestine meeting, and it seems as though Chuck was in the process of finally making a move against Azazel just before he died. Dean leans into the couch cushions, biting his lip and thinking. Then he walks into Chuck’s old bedroom, the alpha’s scent almost entirely faded by now, and snoops around the bedside table until he finds it. The packmaster’s old cell phone. The battery is long dead, but he reaches for the charging cable and plugs it up, waiting for it to be revived.
as the third trial. She had to wait for the right day and time, but now she’s channeling centuries’ worth of power and magnifying her own abilities to open the gates.”
Meanwhile Dean was still frozen in the doorway, locked in a heated gaze with Cas that showed no sign of relenting. Castiel didn’t look...well. Not cosmetically—he looked naturally and irritatingly handsome, as always. But his eyes were heavy, tired. He was holding his wrist absently, visibly in pain. There were a range of emotions crossing his face...exhaustion, apprehension, anger?
The bar was as much of a dive as Castiel expected, with wood-paneled siding and vaguely western decor. The parking lot was full, however, so they obviously didn’t have any shortage of customers. Castiel smiled when he spotted Dean’s Impala, wondering if he was nervous. Dean had given plenty of book readings while promoting the first three installments of
“That’s what this is about?” Dean said, looking at him curiously. “Well, I dunno about you, but last night was fucking amazing for me.”
“What do you mean?” Jess asked, hands folded over the table. The whole room was hanging on Cas’ every word and Dean really, really didn’t want to be discussing this anymore.
Instead he’s clutching his erection. Again again again. A steady, guttural whine escapes his lips. It’s been an hour, only an hour, and already six. Six orgasms, some quick and fast, some long and languishing, but all six leaving him tender and aching and full of unfilled want
The next morning Castiel lies in bed, staring up at the ceiling. Beside him Dean hasn’t stirred, the back of his head squarely on the pillow, softly breathing. Cas shuffles to his side and stares up at his boyfriend—the high cheek bones, the long eyelashes, the peaceful rise and fall of his chest. How did he get lucky enough to not only wake up next to him, but to potentially do it
“Our emotions are entwined with sex so heavily, and when you add a magical compontent to that, well…” Castiel swallows, looking uncomfortable for the first time all evening. “Is this too much for you, Dean? The—complexities of my situation?”
“Right, um, rambling. Sorry.” He wrapped his hands around his coffee cup, focusing on the warmth. “Angel is just...an angel. Obviously. I haven’t named him yet. But he’s a great character, he’s really expanding the mythology of the series. It’s surprising me how integral to the story he feels already.”
“Dude,” Charlie whispered, coming beside Dean and squeezing his shoulder. “Maybe just take a backseat for a minute, ‘kay? Let everyone talk it out. We’re just trying to help.”
During the drive he made polite conversation with the Stovers, comparing the New York and Nashville weather patterns and discussing their favorite local restaurants. The Roadhouse wasn’t known for the food, apparently, but Castiel was fine with that. Dean was cooking for him so often now, such thoughtful and lavious meals, that he sometimes skipped his next meal altogether.
“Is this okay?” Castiel asks, his voice husky but even as he waits for Dean’s approval. Dean nods aggressively and then feels just the tip of Castiel’s fingertip penetrating him. It’s tight, and he wishes he had stretched himself out recently so he might be more ready for the intrusion, but the water feels soothing and warm and Castiel kisses him through any discomfort. Cas has a knuckle in and Dean’s cock hasn’t even been touched and he’s ready to blow his fucking load. When he feels a second finger, the burn fades quickly as the heat of the water engulfs him.
“My protagonist, Mike, I...don’t know that I understand him. Something’s changed and I don’t know how to write from his perspective anymore, which is a big damn problem, since he’s the narrator.”
“Don’t you remember, Winchester?” Gabriel whizzes past him, wearing tinted aviator sunglasses. “My sweet baby bro can’t swim.”
“You know,” Sam whispers, leaning close, “Cas is just inside that tent if you need to—y’know, tell him anything.”
“No way,” Castiel said mockingly, whistling and shaking his head. For that comment, Dean reached a mischievous hand into the river and flicked water in Cas’ face. Castiel laughed and flailed slightly, pushing against Dean’s shoulder. Charlie watched them together and exchanged smirks with Dorothy, but Dean ignored them. They were just friends making jokes, shootin’ the shit, playing in the river. There was nothing unusual about this. Not at all.
“You’re the one who ignored me for three days, went on a bender, tried to break up with me, then drunk dialed me and told me you loved me, just to take it back!” Castiel’s voice was shaking now, dense with rage and despondency. Words were flying out of his mouth before he had time to recover them, to tuck them away and retreat back onto his mind. “Did I make a mistake not defending you from Zachariah? Yes, of course I did. I did it out of loyalty for Chuck, but I should’ve been loyal to you because you mean everything to me. I made the wrong decision and I’m sorry, and I’m trying to fix it now. If you think that compares to everything you’ve put me through lately, then you...you just don’t understand…” Castiel trailed off, eyes tired and heavy, burdened with the weight of unshed tears.
“I can do much more than that.” Castiel’s voice was all suggestive rumbles and growls as he unbuttoned Dean’s pants, though he pointedly didn’t strip them off completely. His omega was still speaking in complete sentences...and that just wouldn’t do. He palmed Dean’s erection through his dusty work pants and Dean sighed at the contact, eyes slipping closed again as he squirmed against the mattress. After a few minutes his hand wandered to the band of Dean’s boxers, as if he were intending to slip his hand beneath and touch Dean’s erection, but he altered his course at the last moment and tenderly pinched Dean’s nipple instead. He yowled—more in surprise than pain—and Castiel lowered his mouth, soothing any sting away with open-mouthed kisses. He worked his way back up to Dean’s neck and stayed there for a while, sucking fervent marks in a path leading up to where the mating bite would go. At the same time he was straddling Dean’s left thigh, grinding his erection against the sculpted muscle beneath him, his other hand teasingly brushing Dean’s erection every few minutes.
Castiel knew he liked being manhandled, the bastard, and Dean could practically hear the smirk in his voice when he said, “If you aren’t more careful, Dean, I may have to restrain you.”
Cas comes back holding the package of sliced cheese and passes Dean a freshly open beer. “Thanks,” he says genuinely, taking the beer in-hand and taking a long sip. He’s surprised by Castiel’s thoughtfulness, but he supposes there’s a lot about the guy he can’t learn from a wikipedia page.
him like this. Nothing had felt quite right until Castiel. And between the heightened scenting, the inexplicable draw, and the current mindblowing sex they were having…
“Yeah, yeah. Definitely—yeah,” Dean rambles, clearing his throat. When he looks back up, Castiel is tilting his head and staring up at him with wide, soft eyes. Dean exhales loudly, tightening his hands into the bedsheets. “I, uh, have a question for you.”
know and just haven’t told me yet. I get that you like your privacy, and don’t wanna air your dirty laundry around town. I respect the hell out of that. But if you wanna move forward, these four walls right here? They ain’t the place for secrets, Dean.”
Saliva drips around his neck as he uses all his strength to hold one back. His grace blasted the other two away, but it did no damage. They were already back on their feet and charging forward. With no grace left, Cas feels no hope for his situation. He needs to get back to Dean, but if he takes his hand off this beast he’ll lose the battle of strength and his entire throat would be ripped out in one bite. For all the times he’s died, all the times he has sacrificed himself for Dean or Sam or the world, he always had hope he’d come back. Chuck always sent him back. He had work to do, and as long as the Winchesters were still kicking, Chuck kept bringing him back—setting him right there next to Dean. So he can’t die here, not like this, not without first telling Dean how much he means to him. He’d said it once, that day in the barn, so it’s only fitting that he say it again as he waits for death.
Dean was pulling his phone from his pocket. “I have to talk to Cas. I-I have to tell him something. I have to know what he’s thinking right now.”
“I had a dream about you,” Cas confesses softly, mouth now working over the shell of Dean’s ear, and the omega shivers. He’s so distracted he can’t even bring himself to form a coherent thought or make a sarcastic joke, so he just hums in response and waits for Castiel to continue.
They spend the next ten minutes discussing things like coding and software systems but Dean’s mind is wandering, feeling encouraged that they at least have a plan.
He can’t say these things, not now anyways, not right before he watches the man he loves go risk his life.
“Me too,” Dean said, surprised to coherently string together two words, and took his dick in hand. He had only stroked himself a handful of times before he felt that familiar coil of momentum swirling through his belly. He felt like he was racing towards a cliff, and Cas was there which made it
“Cas,” he says, his own voice sounding muddled and astonished, like waking up from a fever dream and not knowing what’s real or imagined. The alpha stirs beneath him and Dean loosens his grip, dropping the ax at his feet. He should apologize, he knows, but his mouth feels cotton-dry and rigid. He stares at Castiel without embarrassment, figuring twelve years apart has allowed him to look his fill, and Jesus, have the years been good to Cas. Where he was once a lanky and skinny teenager, now he’s broad and thick with muscle, thighs hugged firmly in denim. His hair is still the same shade of brown but cut short and scruffy, the sort of haphazard display that makes Dean’s fingers yearn to touch, to make messier. The alpha has a dark spread of five o’clock shadow on his chin and his eyes have turned even more blue and startling, though maybe Dean had just forgotten how alluring they are, after all this time…
naked—that he tightened his grip automatically, scrambling for any part of Castiel to hold onto. The scent around them was dense with lust and need, and slick was beginning to lightly dampen Dean’s boxers, a waft of untempered arousal that made him feel lightheaded with want.
He was surrounded now. He winced at the first kick, thrashing and attempting to regain his footing, but after the second and the third, he zoned out. He took blow after blow and stared up at the sky, thinking this was probably the perfect end to the worst twelve hours of his life. He was in the process of losing his book, his farm, and his boyfriend, and now he was going to be kicked to death by a gang of homophobic strangers. It was all he deserved, really.
Dean raised his eyebrows, chuckling. “Well damn. Guess that makes sense in your line of work, but still...that usually impresses people more.” He slammed the trunk and they filled their arms with provisions, Charlie and Dorothy behind them, their own hands full.
“We’re getting married tomorrow.” He threaded their fingers together and raised Dean’s hands to his lips, kissing every knuckle. Dean seemed to visibly melt into the touch. “Your idea was perfect, Dean. I wish I had thought of it myself.”
It was a question they were used to asking each other. During Dean’s most recent book tours—first for
“Yeah, we’ll catch up,” Dean said, trying to match Cas’ nonchalance. In reality, he was absorbing everything about this moment—the possibility of being alone on the river bank, drinking beer and sharing a quilt with Cas. Charlie’s words were still ringing in his ears. He heard their canoe propel itself back into the water, but he didn’t even look their way. He was too busy staring at Cas, the blue of his pullover, the blue of his eyes, the colors of the leaves falling around him.
Dean pitched himself up on his elbows, arms enveloping Cas on either side, and held them both steady as he reached up for another kiss. They stayed like that for several minutes, Castiel straddling his lap while their hips sunk into a continuous rhythm, kissing and panting and tightening their grip, the tented front of their pants rubbing together in maddening friction. Eventually Castiel had the sudden urge to coyly lick Dean’s nipple, but realized with some irritation that they were still wearing clothes. His fingers began to fumble with the front buttons of Dean’s work uniform but the process was too slow, waiting was practically painful, and he growled, unbuttoning the first few and then tugging with all his pent-up, alpha vigor. Dean yelped in astonishment as the remaining buttons were ripped from the fabric, scattering across the floor. He threw the offensive shirt in a wad at their feet, then spread Dean’s bare chest beneath his fingers, laying the omega down beneath him with some force.
“Cas,” Dean whimpers, words muddled with moans and groans and sighs, “Cas, ah, Cas, please, please give your knot. Give me your knot, alpha, I need it, fuck, Cas, I need you…”
“Um, well...” Dean ran his hands through hair, tugging at the ends anxiously. “I didn’t know Mike was bi until Angel appeared, and then I realized I was writing their scenes like...you know. With sexual tension or subtext or
Castiel puts his hands on either side of him on the mattress, giving himself more leverage as he uses Dean’s cock. Dean helps him by circling his hands on Cas’ waist, keeping him firmly planted. The moment Dean’s cockhead brushes that special nub, a bundle of nerve endings gathered around a secret spot, Castiel’s hole tightens on Dean’s cock.
As soon as he enters the hallway, it’s a straight shot down and into the rest of the cabin. He can see his brother leaned against the kitchen counter, holding a brown paper sack and looking worried.
Castiel looks annoyingly calm and a little amused by Dean’s ranting, which only makes the tips of his ears burn redder. How the hell has this guy rendered him an awkward teenage boy? He’s Dean fucking Winchester, a goddamn celebrity. He shouldn’t be this nervous.
He brushes their lips together, dry and balmy from the sunshine, and Castiel can’t contain his yelp of surprise. He pulls away, overwhelmed with disbelief and shock. “Dean…”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says warmly, his eyes so blue, they’re practically glowing. He looks so good right now—tan, smiling, confident. Dean’s irritation is replaced immediately with excitement and nerves.
Dean ducks his head down, like avoiding her stare will make her words false, and kicks at a stray branch on the ground. “No,” he says instantly, and then adds, “fuck that, no! No fucking way he dies like this!”
Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel. It’s fifteen minutes till midnight and Baby is creeping along the edge of Clinton Lake, headlights off, going 10 MPH around the rough terrain of Saunders Mound.
“I wouldn’t know,” Dean grumbled with feigned exasperation. Really, he was just hoping Cas would finish up soon so he could take him to bed already. He was already sporting and impressive erection and they hadn’t kissed for over an hour, which was either incredibly embarrassing or incredibly impressive, depending on your perspective. Dean just hoped he wouldn’t pop a boner the next time he was shopping in the produce section, ‘cause holy hell, apples had never looked so good.
“Writing your main character as bisexual was, what? Exactly? Too much for you?” Dean instinctively wanted to agree, but this felt like trap. There was so much accusation in Castiel’s tone that he decided not to say anything.
“Somehow that is…not surprising,” Dean jokes, focusing on the last half of her statement rather than all the mushy stuff that came before. He knows he’s not dumb, but sure ain’t Charlie or Sam or Cas level smart.
Castiel felt the color drain from his face, but followed. Zachariah was attempting to distract him from the issue at hand by playing off Castiel’s grief. He shut his mouth firmly and took a seat around the antique oak table, wanting to find some way to calm himself down without Zachariah knowing. As if sensing his distress, under the table and out of sight, Dean brushed his foot against Castiel’s lightly. He sighed, feeling the tight knot in his chest begin to dissipate. He could make it through this.
. Maintaining eye contact, he slowly edged the cock towards the back of his throat, breathing through his nose and taking all of Dean’s shaft further down. He stayed relaxed, fighting the urge to spasm, and moaned obscenely around Dean’s cock. The corners of his eyes were damp with tears but still he pushed on, loving that he could give this to Dean, could show his infatuation in such a tangible way.
“I have a decent poker face.” He takes a step closer, crowding Dean against the counter, and their scents begin to mingle again. “Truth is, I’m terrified. I’m terrified of the trials, of the violent things I had to do today to survive. I’m terrified of dying, of losing, of becoming packmaster. And I’m terrified…” His gaze is penetrating now, vulnerable and unguarded in a way that Dean furtively envies. “Of rejection.”
“Don’t, okay? Just don’t.” He pulled his sweater closer, concentrating on the drag of cotton draping his arms. “Let’s just focus on Joshua. We don’t have time for this.”
He drove all around town, scanning grocery store parking lots and empty park benches, eyes narrowed. He even when back to the Roadhouse, wondering if his initial search around the building had been too sloppy. Most of his friends were still inside, though it was nearing midnight at this point, and they would be leaving soon. While everyone was concerned for Cas, none of this friends shared or understood Dean’s panic, not even Sam.
“At the beginning,” Dean says, answering on instinct even though the question isn’t posed to him. “And be honest. You’re supposed to be leading them, not policing them.”
It’s a sad moment when he realizes he doesn’t have time to analyze that. Dean isn’t getting out of telling him he loves him in person, and these scumbag monsters are in his way.
Castiel snorts, and any remaining tension seems to dissipate between them. This is how it always was—the easy chitchat, the natural ease, the glances and touches that last just a little too long.
The answers pops in his head in a voice that isn’t quite his, but he doesn’t have time to suss out the mystery of how he came to acquire this knowledge. He’s about to be knocked off-balance and preyed upon by the stubbornly resilient vetala, but he lunges to his left instead, seizing the silver knife that’s planted in her chest and rotating it thoroughly. Her mouth gasps open and she slumps on the ground, her skin turning brown and flakey, her body beginning to decompose right before his eyes.
who had been through such hell lately that he deserved fancy flowers and sparkling wine glasses, whatever his weird little heart desired.
“Well, I am friends with your daughter, so I guess I usually keep bad company,” Dean jokes with a smirk. Castiel leans forward, eyes squinting with curiosity, so Dean adds, “Remember Jo? She was in charge of the picnic at the library?”
“Uh, the one where they break up and then commit suicide? Fuck no. Jesus,” Dean scoffs, Castiel’s lips set in a hard line. “Do you even like love songs?”
“Sam!” Dean shouts, because there’s no way he’s losing his brother here tonight, there’s just no fucking way… “You have to shift!”
Five minutes later Castiel joined Dean at the kitchen table. Dean had set the table—green plaid placemats, napkins folded, two beers perfectly poured, leftovers reheated and plated.
Yeah, he thinks, sex is one thing he might actually be decent at, so if that helps his alpha recover he’ll do that all day long. But that’s the old Dean talking, the one whose emotions are cut off with steel walls and heightened barbed wire. Sex with Cas would never be casual, would never be just a means to an end or a distraction, and he has to make sure the alpha knows what he’s signed on for.
Maybe he’s sick? Is that why he feels so off-kilter? He looks down and examines himself, shirtless in his own trunks: his biceps are small, his stomach infinitely flat, every inch of his skin golden from sun. His body feels light as air and full of boundless energy, and he has the impulse to shift, to run miles and miles into the distance.
“Castiel Novak, you deceitful little bastard.” Dean flashed him a haughty, evocative smirk. His hands rose up to Castiel’s waist, where his opened slacks were hanging, the skin beneath layers of cotton just begging to be touched. “If that’s decided, then I’d
“Dean.” Castiel’s long, skilled fingers unbutton the omega’s jeans. “I’ve waited years for this, so…” His lips return, warmer and gentler than before, a sweet sort of pop kiss suctioning their lips together. “I just want you.”
Which might have been the only reason Chuck and the elders invited Madison into the pack with open arms. The alpha and the werewolf became a package deal pretty early on, and even with the cost of building an underground chamber for Madison to use monthly, having two (almost) doctors willing to provide free medical care for the community was...invaluable. At least in Dean’s opinion, which surprisingly, seemed to count for something to most of the decision-makers around here.
Next, he showed Dean his high school yearbook page, where he had worn a dark gray tux and quoted the poet Keats as his senior quote. Bordering the same page, there was a sampling of questions that the yearbook staff had asked the senior class, and that was where Castiel was printed as saying, “I’m going to be a literature professor…no matter what.” Dean raised his eyes at the phrasing, and for good reason—that hadn’t earned him any brownie points at home, though Dean didn’t know that yet—while Castiel just nodded in understanding. Afterwards, he pulled out the big guns: a local newspaper article from last year where the headline read MICHAEL AND LUCIFER NOVAK, JOINT HEIRS OF NOVAK INDUSTRIES written in bold, black letters. Dean took his time absorbing that bit of news, reading the article thoroughly before looking at Castiel with emotion gleaming in his eyes… Respect? Understanding?
“Will you fuck me?” Dean was breathless, chest heaving, and Castiel looked as though his eyes might fall straight from his skull.
. Anna had been accepting of their relationship, treating Dean the same way she always had. Not to mention how thrilling it was to be out with Cas, to hold hands and kiss in public without any awkwardness or fear. There was a lot about New York City that Dean had discovered he hated—the crowds, the traffic, the constant noise. He would never, ever fucking move here on his own, would never abandon his family or the farm.
“Zachariah will be angry with me for supplying you with contraband,” Castiel commented, but he didn’t particularly care. Chuck had his vices, which his son was trying to withhold during the cancer treatments. But the fact that Chuck even
“Look, you three. I only wanna say this once.” He rubbed the back of his neck, willing himself not to sweat through his flannel. “I’m on edge, yeah. Whatever. Here’s why:
“But in June, there was a huge riot during one of the raids. A lesbian in handcuffs was thrown into a police wagon and hit in the head with a billy club for complaining that her handcuffs were too tight. That ignited the crowd—they threw pennies and beer bottles, and eventually, bricks. The police had to barricade themselves inside the bar. The violence, the damage, it was significant. And it was just the beginning of the movement…”
Dean decided right about then to tune out of the conversation, ‘cause yeah, Charlie was great but this was getting into Sammy territory. Thankfully this didn’t feel as awkward as submitting the slick sample Charlie had requested, but then again, he was always up for a round of scientific masturbating. Fucking with the literal chemistry of his body was a whole ‘nother thing, but he sprayed himself thoroughly with the blockers regardless. When he finally blinked back into conscious, Charlie was saying, “That’s the most important rule, ya know?”
Dean breathes out in respite, knowing now that Sam is a much better position, but then he hears his dad shout, “Dean—
“I refuse to listen to techno sober,” he growled, just loud enough for a group of nearby men to turn and give him a curious look. Dean glanced down, seeming embarrassed, and Castiel snorted and wandered back to the lobby. He had a suspicion that some of the religious decor on the wall was actually authentic, but he needed a closer look. He leaned into the wall, staring at a faded gold cross he suspected was from the early nineteenth century, when he felt a hand on his elbow.
He finishes the book with one day to spare, and celebrates at home with a glass of whiskey and the smug satisfaction that his anyonyous reading buddy didn’t best him. Ha. That’ll teach him/her/they to mess with Dean Winchester. He’s a professional-ass reader and everyone else can suck it.
Castiel took his time in the shower. It was early evening, and he peered through the small frosted window, admiring the trees and hills below. It had been two straight days of nonstop writing for Dean—his novel now over halfway finished—and hours of editing for Castiel. Dean had been so prolific lately that it was honestly surprising. After the
The idea had come to him after the fire, when Chuck’s remains had been ground down to a powder. All he’d needed to purchase from Balthazar’s store was some oil paints, linseed oil, and texturizing gel, and he had produced a ready-made pigment of human ashes. Using a half-broken mechanical pencil, he first sketched an image of his father’s wolf form, but stepped away from the rudimentary drawing—unsatisfied. He felt as though he were making a painting that would impress the pack, not a piece of art that would be a true portrait of how
“A frat boy, hmm?” Dean smirked and raised his eyebrows. “Never woulda pegged you for a beer keg kinda guy.”
Dean grabbed his hand, along with a flashlight hanging on a nearby hook, and opened the front door. The cool midnight air hit them in sobering waves as they walked the property hand-in-hand. Even with the sudden chill, excitement coursed through Castiel’s body, imagining all the places they could finish what they’d started—the shed and the Impala were his top choices at the moment. He was surprised, then, whenever Dean cracked open the door to the barn. It was dark inside, with only strips of moonlight traveling through the slates of the gable roof. They made their way up the hayloft ladder carefully, Dean shining the light on Castiel to keep him from stumbling. The loft floor was covered in haystacks, which Castiel suspected would make a suitable pseudo-mattress, at least for the night. Dean grabbed a nearby quilt and tossed it over the smallest stack. “Soft second cut hay,” Dean said, smirking. “Only the softest for you, Cas.” Castiel rolled his eyes but smiled, knowing he should probably be turned off by the spider webs in the ceiling and the layers of dust covering the floor. It wasn’t the most sanitary place to get intimate, especially for someone as neat and methodical as Castiel. But Dean was constantly pushing him out of his comfort zone, turning circumstances that would normally be stressful into something spontaneous and thrilling.
“It’s well-deserved!” Ellen shouted, and the audience chuckled. Dean thought there must be at least sixty people in attendance, many who he didn’t know at all.
Yeah, dude had his methods all right. The kind that made all the blood in Dean’s body rush down south.
“That is not something I’d likely forget.” His eyes scan their guests, hoping no one’s close enough to eavesdrop. There’s a heat in Dean’s eyes and he threads their hands together, tugging his alpha off to the side for privacy, but before they can effectively make their exit…
He hasn’t visited the food bank in a while, but Charlie has integrated their new system beautifully. They spent several weekends this winter structuring their new process, working out the kinks and planning the best way to ration the shared food so orphans and elderly receive the largest portions. Bringing Charlie in on the project was a no-brainer for Dean—between her giving nature and instincts with technology, they’re ushering the pack into the twenty-first century.
Castiel knocked mechanically and waited. He willed himself not to reach for Dean’s hand, not now, not when Zachariah was so close…
The man crossed his arms, seeming surprised. “On a Sunday morning?” he questioned. “We’re about to leave for church...”
love...no. Dean didn’t deserve this kind of baggage. He had barely taken one step out of the closet, and now Castiel was going to overload him with his childhood trauma? How was that fair to Dean?
this trunk could hold. They headed towards the cemetery and discussed the case in quiet voices, both hoping this salt-and-burn would work, that Edward Lowry was their ghost and the haunting would be solved.
“Nothing. Just, uh, those are some powerful jets.” There’s a pause that Dean thinks might turn awkward, but then Castiel is chuckling and reaching his arm behind Dean’s shoulder. For a split second Dean thinks he might be putting his arm around him, but then he reaches for the beer tucked behind Dean’s head.
At Stanford University, omega Dean Winchester and alpha Castiel Novak are complete and utter strangers. Dean’s on the ground’s crew, and Castiel is pursuing his PhD in literature. Under normal circumstances, their paths would never cross.
“So that’s it, then?” Dean shook his head and huffed. “One bump in the road and you’re done with me?”
Castiel was massaging Dean’s cheeks, gripping them firmly before licking a flat, unhurried tongue against his hole. Dean fisted the bedspread and lifted his hips on instinct, moaning louder than he thought possible as Castiel left a trail of licks from Dean’s balls to his perineum to his hole—back and forth again, tender and wet and absolutely debauched, before blowing air against the exposed skin.
Dean thinks on it for a moment—is he? He has questions, sure, like knowing exactly how long Cas has known he’s wanted to jump his best friend’s bones. But that seems almost silly now, since they’ve finally gotten to this point, so he shakes his head, hand reaching up to Cas’ face and dragging him down into a filthy kiss. They’ll talk about it later, but for now, Dean’s all about trying to get Castiel’s hands back on him.
Jimmy laughs, waving a hand as if he thinks nothing of it. “Honestly, it happens more often than you’d think. Especially when we were growing up.” He’s about to slide his phone back into his pocket when “Castiel” pops up on the screen. “Oh, speak of the devil. He’s calling. Wanna say hi?”
Mouth still hanging open and phone pressed to his ear, Dean turns and spots them: there’s a middle-aged man and a young woman passing through the gates of the cemetery. He’s inconspicuously dressed in jeans and a cargo jacket, his hairline receding and his face looking neutrally smug. Dean recognizes him instantly, the memory of spotting Azazel during the demon war burned into his brain. The woman is a different story—she’s a total stranger, but unnaturally gorgeous, hair long and blonde and sporting a vibrantly white gown.
“Good point.” Suddenly thirsty, Dean stood up and grabbed three beers from the fridge, passing them around and taking one for himself. Jess already had a glass of sweet tea, or else he would’ve fetched her one as well. “Don’t want my future niece or nephew to suffer. Looks like it’s just you who’s gonna miss out on blue-ribbon apple pie, Sammy.”
“Then are you…I mean, the whole packmaster nomination was so out of left field for me…you went through all those trials, and it was just handed to me—”
He swipes a finger across his throat again and when he pulls back, his hands are no longer covered in paint.
Dean leaned into the pillow, trying to form coherent thoughts. “You’re a dick,” he mumbled, though his tone was playful. So far, he loved the game they were playing, however unexpected it was. Castiel was already the sexiest, most surprising person he had ever slept with. The thought now of having sex with anyone else not only felt boring...it felt wrong.
He felt Dean looking at him again, but he resisted the urge to meet his gaze. Sam smiled at him, face full of compassion.
okay okay, as excited as I am to have returned to this story, I have a confession to make. So I don't know what happened, but I had major writer's block on this fic, and it lasted soooo much longer than I expected. I really am so sorry, y'all—if you read my other stuff, you know I'm usually very dependable with WIPs. Something just momentarily got disconnected in my creative brain, that's all I can say. Shit happens, I was disappointed in myself, but hey… I got it figured out finally, and I'm back and ready to blow this story out of the water.
The man was short and somewhat stocky, with dark hair and mischievous expression. “Name’s Crowley.” He reached forward and shook Dean’s hand, gripping him carelessly. “Charmed, I’m sure.”
Dean tries to hide his surprise, but wow, this isn’t at all what he was expecting. Definitely not first-date conversation material, but he sort of loves that. “What do you think?”
“Chuck Novak was born in 1958 and presented as alpha in 1970,” Pamela says, in that same commanding tone. There was a reason she had been selected as an elder, after all. “He married the love of his life in 1976, and together, they raised five strong pups—Michael, Lucifer, Gabriel, Anna, and Castiel. He is preceded in death by his wife and four oldest children, and survived by his alpha son and only remaining child, Castiel.”
Afterwards Castiel entered his tight, wet hole again, wasting no time in pounding Dean’s ass. The pleasure was incredible—the fullness of Castiel’s cock, the feeling of being completely at his mercy. He bit down on the leather in his mouth as he moaned, the bruising pace of the dick inside him making him gasp for air.
Sitting in a wooden desk in the corner of her office, Castiel cleared his throat and politely repeated himself. “Now we’re...I’m not sure. Possibly mates. Or I think we are, at least.” He looked down at his hands, fighting the urge to blush. “We haven’t exactly had the opportunity to discuss it. Obviously.”
It could’ve been twenty minutes or twenty hours, who the fuck knows, but when Cas finally came up for air Dean’s cock was hard and aching all over again. His body was vibrating with sensation, and he wanted
“They are when they’re attached to a face that pretty,” the guy answers smoothly, leaning into Dean’s personal space. “Buy you a drink?”
Castiel gripped Dean by the back of neck, took a deliberate breath, and brushed their lips together. Dean clung to the erratic, half-open collar of Castiel’s button-up shirt and opened his mouth fully, inviting Cas to give him whatever he was willing to provide. Their lips slotted together perfectly, wet and wonderful in an unpredictable pattern, with Castiel sucking on his bottom lip before Dean returned the favor, leaving small nips and dragging Castiel’s lip to him. They gripped each other by the neck and shoulders, fingers memorizing the touch, the texture of each other’s skin. Their heads tilted together, left and right, left and right, smooth and gliding as a piece of machinery. When Castiel finally deepened the kiss Dean gasped at the flick of tongue invading his mouth, making him tremble and tighten his hold in Castiel’s hair. Eventually their tongues collided, making eager contact in the space between their open mouths. It was erotic and overpowering and Dean felt his knees begin to buckle.
“After Christmas. Then I’ll finish up my final year at Stanford, and start my research,” he says, eyes gleaming with excitement. It’s a great look on him, like
“I’m an idiot for thinking someone like that would want to be friends with me,” Castiel grumbles self-deprecatingly. He’s having a pity party and he knows it, but he’s never quite been this let down by someone before. He feels rejected by someone whose approval he not only wanted, but craved.
“I need a drink,” he shouted over the music, and Castiel nodded and followed. The club had just opened for the night, so there was still plenty of space in the lobby and the dance floor; the bar, however, was incredibly crowded. Dean groaned at the sight.
“My chest?” Dean offered. Castiel grunted, his rhythm stuttering, and then he pulled out. Dean fell to his knees and watched Castiel pump his cock in front of Dean’s face, and the sight was so mouthwatering that Dean rumbled, “Are you clean?”
He carries the nearly six-hundred-page novel back up to his office, chuckling at himself for the torturous new selection he’s forcing someone to read. Then he sits at his desk and writes a note to slip inside. He pauses, wondering if he’s been too inappropriate for a workplace book exchange, but something about this mystery person makes him think they’ll appreciate his sense of humor. Plus, they’ve already sent each other smutty romance novels, so what’d he have to lose?
Dean gave one tight tug on his cock, and then he came all over his hand and the floor, tears in the corners of his eyes as Castiel continued to thrust into him. He felt boneless and pliant, imagining himself as just a conduit of pleasure for Castiel to find himself in. The thought turned him on way more than he ever thought it could, and realized with sudden clarity that he was one hundred and ten percent a bottom now.
The bodyguard moves past him, searching for Cas, and Dean parts the curtains and glares down at the window. He can see Benny already walking up the driveway, a cellphone to his ear. Dean groans, his plans for the evening officially ruined.
After Dean had sufficiently—or, you know, obsessively—proofread his pages, he went to his bedroom and peeled off his sweaty farm clothes. Sam and Jess had claimed the master bedroom and bathroom last summer, shortly after getting married, so Dean was allotted the smaller bedroom and guest bath. He didn’t mind, really, though it was strange to be a thirty-one-year-old man living in your childhood bedroom. They had tossed the idea around of building a second home on the property, a cozy cabin so Dean could have more space and privacy. But building his dream cabin wasn’t quite as appealing to Dean if he had to live alone.
“Sorry I can’t play slower,” Dean snipes back sarcastically, and Castiel rolls his eyes, not caring if Dean notices.
Castiel jumps to his feet, pacing in a circle, feeling so heated and furious and full of grief that he can’t even think straight.
“Ain’t much else it could be, huh?” Dean says cheekily, patting the cover appreciatively. “Been meaning to try it out.”
“If Cas hadn’t left, if he had been around when you were eighteen, and twenty, and twenty-five…” She’s fighting back a grin. “Whaddya think would’ve happened?”
“What did you say to him?” Benny asks, turning around and eyeing Dean suspiciously. “He didn’t look happy when we left, brother.”
During his research, Castiel once read that those who endure near-death experiences commonly describe the vibrancy of it. This is especially notable during “life review,” the phenomenon he’s always been skeptical of—when life’s greatest moments are replayed like a film trailer.
He’s just trying to comfort his oldest friend who just lost his dad, he reasons. There’s no hidden agenda here. None.
Castiel takes a step closer, drawing Dean in by his lower back. “Of course, I…I shouldn’t have suggested it, today of all days.”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice is trembling, and he either has to pounce on the alpha right fucking now or he has to pull away. There’s still so much they haven’t talked about, so many things that sex could complicate. And he’s pretty sure that if he did finally get horizontal with Cas after twelve years of pining, just to watch the alpha leave him again—move to another big city and never speak to him—that it might actually crush him. This could never be a casual thing between them, and he needs to know what Cas’ future plans are before taking such a leap. He squeezes Cas’ wrist resolutely before reaching over, placing the alpha’s hands back in his lap. With some of the skin-to-skin contact broken, they seem to both be able to breathe again. “Point made?”
Dean offers him a half-smile, gives his wrist a squeeze, and then he wanders in the direction of the bunker. Castiel just stares, standing there longer than strictly necessary, feeling strangely melancholy as he watches his boyfriend head home alone.
“I won’t do it,” he snapped, though he already felt his resolve slipping. “We have other editors, Anna.”
“Talking,” Dean said flatly, ‘cause yeah, maybe he wasn’t the most attentive listener but he could follow some simple instructions. Keepin’ his trap shut—it’d be hard, sure, but he could do it. “Are you coming back first?”
“Good afternoon, Nashville! I’m Anna Milton, the publisher of Sacred Sun Press—an independent book publisher based in New York City. I’m thrilled to be here and welcoming you to the Southern Festival of Books official author reading!” Anna’s voice was vibrantly animated, and there was a scattering of applause before she continued. “It’s my greatest pleasure to introduce Castiel Novak to the stage. Most of you know Castiel as the
“Weres are physical beings. Our spirituality is tied to carnality and flesh,” she says, addressing the large cluster of pack members standing and waiting, “and so we vote accordingly. All legal-aged voters, please move towards the alpha you vote as packmaster.”
which is a worry all on its own, filled with challenges and rituals and responsibilities he can scarcely prepare for; the gates of hell, Azazel, his inability to start a family with Dean before he kills the yellow-eyed demon before he ends up dead. How will he ever solve any of these problems, much less
Castiel had woken up this morning believing Dean loved him, before having the drunken confession ripped away, breaking his heart in the process; then he had discovered his boss was blackmailing him, injured his wrist (again), quit his job, boarded a plane back to the last state he ever wanted to visit, and finally, landed on Dean’s doorstep...uninvited, upset, and angry.
t-shirt (a black and red graphic with “451ºF” over flames) wondering if he should’ve dressed up more for this non-work, work event. These are his least hole-ridden pair of weekend jeans, and his boots are only a little scuffed, but…can he really walk up to someone like Castiel like this?
‘It’s a preventive measure,” Sam says quickly, dropping his voice down low. “Or have you already forgotten about what Dad said? About the Novaks and their blood and the danger Cas is in?”
Castiel grimaces down at his hands. Just hours ago Dean had filled him in on the situation with Fergus MacLeod, the mysterious demon that his father had been on the verge of making a similar agreement with. “I still don’t like the idea of making deals with demons, Dean.”
“I’ll meet up with each of you in private, but never together, and you’ll never meet with Castiel outside of this room...‘cause it’ll ruin my study and make me cry. Like, legit tears.” Despite her words, she smiled at him broadly. “No extra contact, inside or outside of this room. Got it?”
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel answered, sweeping his flashlight around the room, “but things seem fine in here—”
“We’ll never forget,” Cas replies, practically reading his mind, dropping the soap on the tub’s edge and cupping Dean’s face with both hands. “What your father sacrificed for me, for us…” He kisses Dean’s cheeks, his nose, the unscathed side of his forehead. “It was the most selfless thing I’ve ever seen.”
But he’s distracted by the scene on his left, watching Meg and Tom close in sinisterly on Sam. Sam ducks, avoiding stray punches and assaults, but then Meg kicks his feet up from under him. Then they stand above Sam, sneering, Tom cocking a gun that’s undoubtedly full of wolf-killing bullets.
He grits his teeth and unhinges his jaw, mauling the brute’s bony shoulder with all his available resolve. It’s not enough to even wound the wendigo, but it’s enough to distract him, and Castiel is back on all fours and running towards the magnifying glass. Now that he’s momentarily escaped, this is where the human transformation is necessary—opposable thumbs and all. Castiel’s brute growl evolves to a scream as he converts back into the body of a man.
“There you two are,” Charlie says, changed into a yellow-patterned dress and dragging Dean by the sleeve of his robe. “Sam, you go wait under the arch.” Dean takes a step to follow him, but Charlie holds a hand up and points to the nearby oak tree. “You’re over there, sparky.”
He cranes his neck and scoots back closer, their hips flush under the blankets. Castiel takes the invitation for what it is and his lips begin to travel, still soft and light. When Dean feels the brush of an erection against his bare asscheek, though, things quickly go from tender to steamy in two seconds flat.
“Okay,” Dean says after a beat, seeming to regroup, “all my guesses have been way off base. Obviously your problem has nothing to do with me.” He chuckles awkwardly, as if their current conversation has revealed his secret egotism. “So…what’s wrong?”
He knows he shouldn’t confront him with his niece around, but he can’t help but feel like Castiel owes him some sort of explanation. Which doesn’t make any sense—they’re practically strangers—but he leaves the bathroom full of self-righteous indignation. The moment he can corner Castiel alone, he’s gonna ask him why the fuck he thinks it’s okay to flirt with people and get their hopes up when he’s clearly married.
There was another knock, this one sharp and more insistent. Castiel looked like it might physically pain him to separate from Dean, but he did so with a concentrated frown. Dean instantly missed the presence, the heat of the alpha’s body against his, and pulled on his wrist. He wanted more than anything to leave a small, reassuring kiss there, but that might eliminate a boundary they hadn’t technically crossed yet. More importantly, Dean worried that once he started, he might not be able to stop...
“This isn’t the phone number of a demon,” she insists. “This is Fergus MacLeod, a man I went on a date with a few months ago.”
“Okay,” Sam said blankly. He blinked, processing the information. Then his eyes narrowed. “Wait, you got into a fight with Cas?
As a librarian Dean is supposed to say stuff like that, but in reality, he couldn’t care less if the kids get a little rowdy. Number one, this entire floor is the children’s library, so there’s always a good amount of shenanigans going on that are anything but quiet. Between activity rooms, there are rows and rows of bookcases containing every type of younger-reader text imaginable—hell, Dean even helped develop a children’s poetry spellcasting section for kids who are hypersensitive, like his younger brother was when he was growing up. That was the first clue that Sammy’s primary ability would be empathy, a deep and penetrating power to read people’s emotions. That innate power is why Sam has always been able to read Dean like a…well, a book.
Dean sits stiffly on his haunches and, quite unconsciously Castiel assumes, begins to bear his teeth at her.
John is crossing his arms and looking reproachful, but doesn’t reply, evidently trying to appear unruffled by the forthcoming election. Dean realizes that’s why Cas had been aloof to him as well—he hadn’t wanted to agree with Dean’s assessment publicly and lose potential votes. Well fuck that, fuck politics, and fuck posturing alphas who only care about their own image. Dean was done with every fucking one of them at this point.
Is it possible to have an out-of-body experience in broad daylight? ’Cause Dean is pretty sure his soul has left the freaking building. His cheeks are burning hot, and he wants to run and hide from the compliments and hug his brother all at once.
“Oh, I intend to.” He twisted a finger into the denim overalls, folded over at Cas’ waist, and pulled him close with a yank. Castiel yelped in surprise at the sudden heat of Dean’s mouth against his, but instinctively leaned into the intensity of the kiss, the apple rolling from his hand and falling to the floor—forgotten. Dean moaned and pushed Cas against the kitchen wall, pulsing with passion and sheer appetite, his exploration of Castiel’s mouth wet and wild and undeniably filthy. He licked into Castiel’s mouth and nibbled on his lower lip, and when he felt Cas’ erection against his thigh, he snaked his hand into the overalls and began stroking his cock. Castiel trembled at the touch, leaning his head against wall, eyes closed and moaning.
The omega seems to sag in relief, some of the anxiety visually released in his shoulders, kissing the alpha’s forehead and clutching his hair. Castiel wants nothing more than to whisk them both back to his house, safe and warm under the covers of their bed. But then Dean lets go of him and stands, squatting down beside John, who’s still…
Castiel is looking at him blankly, a long pause filling the space between them, before recognition finally dawns. “Wait—me? I’m ‘chuckles’?” He points at the center of his chest as if the idea is absolute lunacy.
“You never finished,” Castiel whispered, and when Dean squinted his eyes in confusion, he continued, “telling me what your other ‘fine qualities’ are.”
“Dude, I’ve told you before,” Dean said, sneaking a peak at the nearby laptop. “Stop googling every reference you don’t understand. The internet is full of spoilers.”
“Since I’m not your direct supervisor, not…exactly.” The realization dawned bright over Castiel’s face, now lighter and full of hope. “There will be a form to fill out tomorrow with HR. And we’ll have to omit certain, um, details of our encounter. Like the location, for instance.”
They sipped their tea in silence, Castiel pleased to find it had been lightly sweetened with honey, with only their shoulders brushing. The sound of the clock ticking was slowly driving Castiel mad, but he didn’t know what to say, was clueless about how to ease the tension between them. He had already apologized for worrying Dean—should he do it again? Should he explain himself or just beg for Dean’s forgiveness?
Castiel smiled widely, and Dean squeezed his hand and pulled the Impala into the parking lot. They rushed out of the car and gravitated towards each other as they walked, hands and arms brushing, a nervous energy flowing between them. The lobby was quiet when they entered; the night attendant was behind the desk, and nodded at Dean. Castiel looked between them, an amused question on his face.
“Your turn,” Jess said, nudging Castiel with her elbow. He stirred, shaking his head, and put a random card down without glancing at his hand. Dean looked at him curiously and winked.
His eyes shut tightly on instinct, like a deadbolt sliding into a door frame, and he’s pulled into something corporeal and material and real. There’s an image engulfing his brain. It’s not a memory of his making, he can tell that by the long and slender hands, the delicate way they hold a paintbrush. He’s inside Castiel’s consciousness now, remembering things the way Castiel lived them. It’s a painful sensation and he winces—this isn’t his recollection, and shoving it into the forefront of his mind makes his temples ache. But Castiel pushes the pads of his fingers more determinedly against his skin and Dean gasps...not from pain this time, but deep melancholy. Everything he sees now, he sees in fragments: Castiel’s hand clutching a stack of postcards, Dean’s writing scrolled on the back, the impulse to curl into a ball and let the despair overwhelm him. Overwhelm
Charlie bouncily crossed her legs and grinned at him. “Oh, I don’t know. Probably around the same time that
“Guys, don’t look now,” one said, his tone mocking. “We have a pair of fags squeezing in a quickie before breakfast!” They all roared with laughter and Dean narrowed his eyes, taking a step forward.
“Wait a minute,” she said slowly. “I called Castiel your boyfriend and...you only said no because he’s ‘better’ than you, or whatever.”
“Hot shower,” Castiel agrees, holding his clothes in a bundle up to his chest. He pulls his cell phone out of his denim jacket and Dean goes to turn on the shower, thankfully it’s one of those with two showerheads and plenty of space. There’s a lot of naughty things they can get up to, because Dean’s not too far from being ready for round two…
He starts walking again, more quickly this time, but the guy—whoever the hell he might be—grabs his wrist and holds him back. “Listen for a minute. I’m Jimmy. Claire’s my daughter, and Castiel is my twin. Look.” He lights up his phone background, and Dean has to do a double take. In the photo there are
indeed. How did he ever think he could live without this man? How could the universe give him the gift of a rare, lifelong love if it always intended to cut his life short?
“Dean…” Cas bends down again, overcome with emotion, with joy. Even though he knew all of this deep down, it’s so reassuring to hear it out loud. Their kiss lingers, urgent and sloppy, as Castiel increases the speed of his strokes. “I love you.”
“Kiss me,” he asked instead, and his boyfriend obliged, pulling Dean in by his neck and sliding their lips together soundlessly.
“Well…” He pauses, while Dean glares up at him with a look that’s eerily similar to his brother’s infamous bitch-face. “You seemed uncertain earlier, and I didn’t want to pressure you—”
and fell between the mattress and the headboard, screen likely shattered. Good. He didn’t need the fucking thing anymore. The rest of his movements were a blur, unadulterated and manifested rage: his desk toppling over, books being thrown, records skittering across the floor like discarded frisbees. He couldn’t leave Cas, he couldn’t, eight fucking hours ago he had kissed him in the airport and promised him that they weren’t breaking up. He had
but Castiel just sits there with his lips pursed and head tilted, as if he has an idea he’s considering. Stubborn till the end, Dean doesn’t start the car, doesn’t pull out of the parking lot, doesn’t do anything. They sit in such tense stillness, that after a few minutes, Dean can’t help but cave a little.
“Listen,” Dean said slowly, still not knowing what words might tumble out of his mouth. “I don’t wanna have this big chick flick moment.”
Anna smiled then, pure and proud, and a gave his cheek a kiss. “Good luck,” she whispered, walking past him in the doorway. It was impressive how quickly she had left her office stripped and barren, the cardboard box heavy with nearly two decades of history. He turned, watching her walk down the hallway, out the door and out of sight.
remember, it’s just—” The alpha slides his hands into his front pockets as if he’d rather be anywhere but here, and it’s so endearing and so fucking
“It’s a thirteen hour drive, Dean,” Castiel reminded him, stowing their carry-ons in the overhead bin.
It took some searching to find his laundry basket, which was tucked far inside his armoire, hidden from sight. That placement had been intentional, though...Castiel realized a moment too late. Because inside Dean’s wicker basket were jeans, flannel, t-shirts, socks, and...panties. Two weeks worth of panties, in fact. Silk and green, black and cotton, red and sheer. They were mixed together in outfits Castiel had seen Dean wearing earlier this week, which meant...he wore them during the day. Possibly all day, every day. Sitting in the same room as Castiel. He felt blood pumping in his ears, felt his pulse begin to quicken, his cock already semi-hard just from the sudden realization that Dean...Dean wore...
Crowley smirks impishly, as if his evilness can’t quite be helped. “I’m no Sunday School teacher, but I can assure you, you’d rather be in bed with me than Azazel.” He takes a long step, feet circling each other. “You’re right to be suspicious, but I’m your ally. The enemy of my enemy and all that. I need Azazel in the ground—in fact, my delicate arse depends on it.”
**Smut warning for those concerned** Basically anyone who’s been reading my author notes or engaging with me in the comments will have seen this comin’ from a mile away, but—there’s some smut approaching between Cas and Dean where one of them is not, uh, strictly human. That’s my convoluted way of saying there is straight-up human/wolf sex in this chapter, so if you’d like to skip it, the full scene begins around the third section break—just count each group of asterisks (***) below. I’ll leave a non-explicit summary of what occurred there in the endnotes, for those skipping.
Castiel followed shortly after, as Dean suspected he would, and slumped forward, head resting on Dean’s back. They rested quickly in the afterglow, chest expanding and contracting in a matching rhythm, and Dean was so filled with love that he had to say
“Madison doesn’t have a demon bounty on her head,” Dean snaps. He can’t explain it, but things feel one hundred percent
“Lucky you.” She looks around the bustling bar with slight disdain, then glances over at Castiel, who seems to be watching their exchange with a mild amount of interest. “And who’s this?”
Castiel nods in agreement—that’s an understatement for them both. He only has three more days until the final trial. He should feel nervous, and he
They ate together at the dining room table, which was an unfamiliar experience to Castiel at this point—his apartment was so small he couldn’t even fit a bistro table. The pasta was delicious, the bread drenched in butter, and the marinara sauce was simmering hot with a hint of red pepper…reminding Castiel of Dean’s scent. The omega had a remarkable aroma that he was getting used to being imbued with, familiar as the hand on his knee and the sight of Dean laughing as he swirled his spaghetti. There were traces of sauce smearing the corners of his mouth and shadows under his eyes from their shared lack of sleep, but sitting beside him now, Castiel thought no person had ever looked so beautiful.
“Cas!” Dean bellowed, walking across the living room and sticking his head around the corner. “Cas! Are you here?”
“Gabe, that dude from the bakery. He tried setting me up with some frat guy.” Dean chuckled, thinking about how different that guy must be from Cas. Castiel seemed like the last kind of person who would participate in Greek life, though Dean had been known to attend a sorority party or two. A guy had needs and all that jazz.
It turns into a two-day process, prepping with Sam. They clean up the cabin, brew pot after pot of coffee, and the younger alpha spreads his book collection across Cas’ cabin, poring over the ancient lore. According to recorded were history there hasn’t been a
“C’mon, Dean. It looks good,” Sam repeated, and yeah, after a twenty minute discussion of his outfit it was becoming clear to Dean that they were talking themselves in circles here. Awesome.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Dean, because I think you’re brilliant and charismatic and very talented. But—”
Also, heyyyy, wanna know a secret? I have a FULLY FINISHED A/B/O story coming out. next. freaking. Friday. It's my submission for Pinefest 2019. It's about 37,000 words, and here's the summary:
Dean’s cell began vibrating in his pocket, and once he saw the number, his eyebrows lifted in surprise.
There it is again—the knot in Dean’s throat. Not the fun kind, either. To stop himself from shaking, he chuckles offhandedly. “Huh. Is that supposed to be a question?” He looks at the smudged fingerprints on the lowball glass. “Sounds more a lecture to me.”
“Ah, well then…call me Crowley.” The demon snaps his fingers and al the headlights of both vehicles are illuminated, providing a flood of soft yellow light to continue their conversation. “That’s better. After all, half of my deals are made from my pretty face alone.”
but the last thing Dean wanted was to sit with a stranger and talk about his feelings. Well, unless he could lay on a couch and just ramble. Betty Draper made that look fun as hell on
hack the process if necessary, it’s been such a difficult few days that he’s content to let his omega take the lead. They’re all grieving, all processing the aftermath of yesterday in different ways, and Dean’s desire to take care of everyone continues to make him a natural leader. Castiel smiles softly at the thought, resisting the urge to bend over and kiss his boyfriend on the forehead.
uttered one more freaking time, he’s gonna flip a table. Luckily that’s when Garth pulls the car around, his dependable driver in a sleek black SUV. Benny offers Dean the front, but he squishes in the back between Charlie and Sam, fans pounding lightly on the windows as they drive away.
“At this point, it’s all we have to go on, Dean,” Sam argued. “And the candlelight vigil is starting in—” He checked his wristwatch and winced. “—an hour. I checked the online event page, and hundreds of people have RSVPed.”
The next moment Castiel was making contact with the side of Zachariah’s chin. His fist was fumbled and weak but he struck Zachariah’s face all the same, catching him off guard, making him lose balance and slump against the desk. The pain was immediate for Castiel...it had barely been a week since he had sprained his wrist in another fight, also defending Dean.
blowjob...in an empty alley at midnight, all sweat and dirt and instinct, outside a gay club in Smith Grove, Virginia, where Dean and Cas had first acted upon their feelings.
“Go upstairs,” he instructs John hoarsely, fingertips tracing over his lips, still lost in the lingering feeling of a kiss. “Grab every lamp, every flashlight, whatever light source you can find.”
“Alright, alright,” he says, waving his free hand around to get his rowdy ass family to settle down, “seriously, thanks everyone.” By the time silence is achieved, everyone is looking at him expectantly…even Cas…so Dean takes a deep breath and thinks, what the hell? If he can’t be sappy today of all days, then when
Castiel pulls his mouth away from Dean’s clavicle, on a spot that almost certainly has a hickey now, and blinks at Dean for a few moments before the words seem to settle. He takes off his coat and his shoes, placing them carefully by Dean’s dresser, and then rolls up his sleeves to the elbow. He’s still sporting more layers than most people wear on a normal spring day, but god, if he doesn’t look ruffled and indecent and tempting as sin.
Thank you so much for reading!!! I LOVE ME SOME FEEDBACK, so please, drop me a line and let me know your reaction to this story. <3
He shook his head and stood up, closing the folder. But when he did, a single, folded sheet of paper flew from the top and landed at Castiel’s feet. He picked it up curiously, not realizing anything else had been tucked inside. He unfolded the paper and read:
Castiel signs and slams the hardcover book shut, fighting the urge to roll his eyes. Apparently all the triggers he needs to be avoiding right now are things he literally can’t avoid—John, the trials, the pack. His longing to claim Dean, to tuck him away in their bed for the next century. That isn’t just his hormones…right?
Dean nodded—that made sense to him. Davies was a well-known British model that Dean had worked with before. He was a little on the short side, but had a tight body with sexy scruff and nice eyes.
“Shit,” he mutters, and Cas raises a questioning eyebrow, so he says, “It’s Dad. He sounds…” Bossy. Overbearing. Irritating. “He needs me.”
“Glad to hear you’re feeling like your old self, grumpy,” he teases, still petting his coat. “No, I just meant—focus on one emotion. That’s how I always shift back. It’s about—I dunno. It’s hard to explain. Like finding a bridge back and walking across it. That bridge is an emotion, a strong one.” Dean drops his crouch and sits on the ground, dress clothes getting dusty with dirt. He scoots closer to Castiel, arms wrapped around his sides.
He opened the door and was hit with a slight chilliness, wishing belatedly that he hadn’t left his jacket folded in the booth. He walked to the edge of the concrete sidewalk, pointedly not looking at the man on the bench. He took a deep and steadying breath, hoping to calm himself down, but...
He didn’t fully recognize that he was running until he was stumbling out the front door, chasing Castiel onto the sidewalk. Dean shouldn’t have bothered running, though—Castiel was just outside scrolling on his phone, likely hailing an uber for a ride back to the airport.
“I thought you were more secure in your masculinity, Dean. Apparently I was wrong.” Dean opens and closes his mouth, red-faced and flushed, with no obvious retort. Castiel smirks, looking happy to have finally stumped him.
After they left the Holy Grail last night, he had killed time in the motel while the brothers slept. Usually he tried to keep busy by reading or researching, but he was strangely on-edge, opting instead to watch Dean sleep. The longer he stared, the more he realized the depth of his feelings for this man, this human, who was resilient and strong...often impossibly so. But when he slept—so soundly, so deep—Castiel remembered that he really was human.
Preferably somewhere public, so I can watch.” She winked outlandishly, but before Castiel could reply, she held a finger up. “On that note, I’ve been meaning to ask. This thing we’re doing, you and me, it’s…?”
“Let me tell you a secret, though,” Dean said, once the room was mildly quiet again. “He signed me up for this reading without my permission. Which, no offense man, is kind of a dick move. Right?”
Still, there was no way he’d share these insecurities with anyone, much less a goddamn snake like Zachariah. “Thankfully Cas is a big boy and can make his own decisions,” Dean said, sounding more brazen than he felt. “So yeah, screw you, you nosy fuck. I don’t need you and neither does Cas.”
His clothes shred like ribbons, his eyesight growing sharp with precision, his forefeet digging craters into the ground. And then he’s running faster than he’s ever run, fast enough that no one can catch him, fast enough that he considers never coming back.
yet, partly because Cas wanted to make sure Dean didn’t feel rushed, but in all honesty, the culprit was Cas. And his hands. And his mouth. He gave such mind-blowing hand and blowjobs that Dean could never last long, not that
Dean shook his head vehemently—screw the stupid study. He was pretty fucking sure that he had just discovered Cas was his capital-M mate, and if that didn’t justify breaching the contract, he didn’t know what did. But Castiel’s hands slipped around his face, locking his gaze, and he nodded solemnly. Dean knew then that they wouldn’t, they couldn’t, leave Charlie hanging. They would come clean about what had transpired here tonight, and if she was still interested in having them finish out their final four weeks, then they would do it.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, pointing to the man, but Castiel didn’t need instruction—he was already running towards the intended victim and pulling him to his feet. He didn’t seem injured yet, which was a relief. But then, the temperature in the room severely dropped. Castiel could feel the man trembling. Dean swung the iron bar wildly, face sweaty and determined. Finally, the air was filled with a gray, dissipating cloud.
Castiel’s stomach dropped, trying not to notice the parallels between him and Nathaniel...but the evidence was there.
“Just hurry,” he said instead, and Sam obliged by running two yellow lights. Castiel called Dean again for sixth time, and texted him for the second, but still—nothing. It had been nearly four hours since they had left the club, and he hadn’t heard from Dean at all during that time. When Sam finally pulled the Impala into the parking lot, Castiel’s unease had turned into full-blown panic. He didn’t wait for the car to park, but flung his door open as soon as Sam’s foot touched the break and ran through the entrance.
“And just to be clear, I’m not angry that you took care of it.” He glances at Dean, who only nods in understanding, and the held breath in the alpha’s lungs seems to deflate. “You made the right decision for us, no matter how difficult. I’m proud of you for being so strong.” In fact, Castiel thinks, Dean is almost always cool and quick-witted in a crisis. It’s one of the many admirable traits his future mate possesses.
“We can’t leave her alone out here,” Dean tells him. After that he runs to the trunk to take out a large knife, and he walks inside. Sam doesn’t like it that his brother is in there alone, but Dean’s right; they can’t leave Lauren alone with no-one to protect her.
Castiel doesn’t speak, but walks towards the bed, this time removing his shoes before coming to lie down next to Dean. He crawls in Dean’s arms, trying to get close. His face rests in the hunter’s neck. Dean just wraps his arms around him, pressing a soft kiss at the back of Castiel’s head.
Dean has the sudden urge to grab Cas’ arm and hold on tight. His Angel looks a bit distressed, clearly unsettled by whatever is being told by him. It’s not a look Dean likes on him.
The drive is extremely awkward and quiet, which almost makes Sam regret asking to bring Cas along. The Angel is sitting in the backseat, looking outside the window during the whole ride, while Dean just lets the music play loudly in a probable attempt to annoy him. Cas doesn’t go for it, luckily, but Sam has had enough of the volume.
Lauren can hear Dean shouting something back at Sam, but the words are muffled from where she’s sitting. He’s explaining quite some things apparently, and Sam’s face is only getting redder from anger.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Castiel hears in a whisper at his ear. Fingers go through his hair in a calming way. He realizes he’s kneeling on the floor, face pressed against Dean’s chest, arms hanging lifelessly across his body. He sees the blurry figures of Sam, Kevin, Linda and Crowley surrounding them, but he can’t catch their faces.
Dean lets out a soft groan and tries to sit up. His head turns around, finding the familiar headlights of the Impala following them behind what must be Cas’ stolen car. He doesn’t need to see who the driver is to know that it’s Sam, since the guy is not in here with them.
“I was working at the bar, Cas just came back from… uhm, Georgia I think it was?” Dean tries to think back, but he can’t really recall. “Anyway, Balthazar was celebrating with the rest of his group, and he was throwing us a death glare the entire time.”
“Back home,” Castiel responds shortly before realizing it’s probably too short. “I’m coming back home.”
“And then you came barging in there, claiming you were an Angel of the Lord, that you saved me from my supposedly eternal punishment in Hell. Helped me not to be the monster I was already becoming.”
“Are you sure that’s what you really want, Castiel?” Gail asks as she marches closer to both of them. She's still watching them intently as her feet move her forward, “Because the heart wants what the heart wants, and it’s okay to be selfish when it comes to the matters of love.”
“Real men don’t drink out of cups this small,” Dean counters grumpily. Sam frowns, and in the background, Lauren ducks away from another one of Castiel’s blows.
“For the Gates of Hell to be opened again, one would need the Demon used to close them in the first place,” Rowena clarifies. Crowley nods, clapping his hands together once and then crossing his fingers.
“I’m coming with you, too,” she says quickly. She’s already carrying her jacket in her hands, and there’s a determination on her that Dean knows all too well.
“Hmm, I don’t know, she’s pretty wrathful,” Sam bluffs. So far she has done nothing that could really be considered wrathful, though banishing Cas could really come close in his opinion.
“Hey, name’s Dean,” the man says, holding out his hand. He figures this is somebody who knows his brother, otherwise he probably wouldn’t have been standing there. Behind him, Sam lets out an annoyed groan and mutters something about him never keeping it in his pants. Dean decides to ignore that comment.
“- so I guess all that remains is finding our dear Castiel Singer here a lover, and then I suppose we can finally bring up an epilogue of this fanfiction of ours.”
When they pull apart lightly, Dean caresses her lips against the Angel’s – because it must be an Angel, right? It saved her from that Hell she was in. In a whisper she talks back to it.
“Yeah, joke all you want,” she says, and then the smile is suddenly gone. “There’s more where this came from.”
With a frown, Sam releases his seat belt – because even if he’s going to break all the speed limits, at least he doesn’t have a death wish – and reaches for the handle to open the door. Then, with cracking knees and after making sure an Angel blade is safely tucked in the inside of his coat, Sam gets himself out of the car to face the figure standing there.
He’s not mad, he’s still smiling. Dean just shakes his head with a smirk and does try to get up on his own. It’s not that different from getting up with inline skates. Even without Castiel’s help he manages.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, seriously? Do I ever get to meet this lucky guy?” Dean asks. Castiel clears his throat, and so does Sam. Of course,
They’re usually not this cuddly together while the others are around, insisting to keep the public displays of affection to a minimum. But now, Dean is dying (though they don’t know that), and he wants to do tooth-rotting fluffy things with his husband before his time runs out.
Dean had asked, trying to go for the clueless-act. Back then, Castiel had done the exact same thing.
“I got my hands on some security footage of a store where apparently a girl of ten knocked out a forty-five-year-old man. I wouldn’t have found it suspicious at first, but then the man swore that her eyes had turned black right before she kicked his ass.”
“We’ll start slow, of course. Most important is that you get the required-“ Dean stops listening there, instead turning his head towards Cas, who is sitting next to him, staying completely quiet while he keeps his hand lying on Dean’s. The guy hasn’t spoken much since Dean woke up, instead being a silent but constant presence at Dean’s side. Sam, on the other hand, can’t seem to keep his mouth shut, as is indicated by the big flow of questions he’s letting loose on the doctor.
“Or she’ll be popular with the boys. But she won’t sleep around, ‘cause we’ll have taught her better than that,” Dean corrects, giving Castiel a quick peck on the lips.
“Sorry, Meg – eh, Widow – was having a discussion about her partner with Turner, and when Michael started talking about his beloved
When Cas’ eyes land on Dean at last, the look of fear ebs away almost instantly. If his lips would keep down the smile, his eyes would have betrayed it instead. He gives Dean a short nod, and Dean returns the gesture with a salute of his own. Next to him, Tyler giggles, still holding on to him.
The Roadhouse isn't his only job, though. During the day, for five days a week, Dean finds himself repairing cars at the local garage. As it turns out, Bobby - the owner - used to be a good friend of his dad's, and was surprised that Dean actually moved all the way here. Where at first things had been a bit uncomfortable between the two - because let's face it, John Winchester wasn't really the best father in the world - eventually the two of them ended up being close enough to have some strange sort of father-son relationship between the two of them.
“Hello, Inias,” Castiel greets him, receiving a nod in return. Inias doesn’t speak as he nods his head sideways in a gesture to follow him. Without asking any questions, Castiel does. They pass the prison again on the way to their destination, and for a moment Castiel remains still, silently watching the place that holds Metatron behind bars.
“Whatever,” Dean mutters out. He takes out his phone again to check if Cas had sent something else. Apparently there had been some trouble with Hannah’s vessel – her husband finding them when she paid with her credit card. Dean doesn’t really understand what happened, but he does know that Cas is alone now, and that Hannah has left her vessel to free her and return to Heaven. He can’t say he’ll miss her, partly because he didn’t know her, but also a little bit because apparently her crush on his husband had been genuine and she
“You’re a senior?” Dean asks with a raised eyebrow. Behind them, Sam, Jo and Anna start up their own conversation.
“I’m not real? Damnit!” the girl behind him calls out in disappointment. Dean is already familiar with her sarcasm, having heard it for almost half a year after finding her in the woods. He can remember her feral face when she’d found him. She had her weapon pointed at him while he lay on the ground with her whole body keeping him there. Their eyes had looked into each other for quite a long time, and then after a while, she had stepped back and helped him up.
Halfway through his 21-hour drive home, Dean makes a quick stop at a motel to catch up on some sleep. He makes a phone call with Sam, keeping him updated with his progress. He remembers his brother’s reaction when he revealed what he’s planning to do. At first he didn’t want to tell him, but then one day it just came out of his mouth and then he had his brother’s arms around him wrapped in a tight hug. It was also Sam who suggested that Cas would need an identification to have this thing happen officially – Dean
“Do you need help?” he asks the kid, who seems close to crying. The little girl, who is already wearing a warm pink scarf and fluffy ear warmers looks up to him and nods sadly. “Are you here alone?”
“Detective Howard, New Canaan P.D.” the man answers. “Congratulations ladies and gentlemen, you’re now officially murder suspects.”
“Yes,” Dean calls out. He already reaches for his pocket where he’s put away the picture he brought along. Michaels watches as he moves, raising his eyebrows a little when he sees the person on the photo.
Castiel shrugs, handing the phone back to Charlie. “I guess that’s the point of these anonymous confessions, isn’t it?” he asks. “For people not to know?”
“Can I tell you something?” he suddenly says before he can think better of it. He’s feeling a whole lot braver than he’s ever felt. It’s weird.
The tour hasn’t taken much time. The students look at everything rather quickly and they haven’t asked any questions. Now the whole class is currently positioned at a table in the cafeteria. Some of them brought lunch, while others order something from the kitchen.
been under a lot of stress these past few years. Who wouldn’t if they were in their shoes? The Apocalypse, Sam without a soul, Lisa and Ben getting kidnapped, Cas thinking he’s God, the Leviathians… the list just kept on growing, and there has never really been an occasion to just let it all go.
When he sits he still has a bit of a view on their table. He notices Benny, Inias, Victor and Dean joining them, the four of them slightly looking over at him and Jo but not for long.
“I’m not sure if I should return to Heaven for a while,” Castiel says in a long breath. He keeps out his hands to look at them. He starts to bite his lower lip, which is again a very human reaction Dean has never really seen him do.
Suddenly, a baby shrieks, and the space around her lights up a little. Dean turns her head towards the source of the noise, finding that there’s suddenly a room a few steps away from her. With slow movements she goes forward, keeping her hands in front of her in case she might trip.
“Spin with me,” Dean tells him quietly, noting how the music in the background slowly turns into something calm. It’s an old love-song, Dean understands. He snorts but before he goes blaming somebody he notes that the radio has been playing. Not that Charlie or anybody else changed the tune.
“It’s good to see you, too,” Dean tells her. Charlie nods, but pulls back quickly enough to stare some more at Dean.
“You’re gonna read the books?” Dean asks his brother, nudging Castiel playfully against his shoulder, fingers tightening their hold of their fingers interlocked with each other. For a moment, Castiel wants to pull their hands up and press the back of Dean’s against his lips for a quick kiss, but Dean seems intent on keeping their hold hidden between their bodies. Castiel figures it’s because of Charlie; of course Dean wouldn’t be ready to parade their relationship around just yet.
“I don’t know if it’s because you’re asleep that I’m saying this, but…” Dean starts, taking a deep breath and watching Castiel’s head raising along with his chest, “I love you, too.”
They celebrate Sam’s birthday when May begins. Sam got phone calls the whole day, and in the afternoon they all went to the bowling alley where they all played a game – though Dean couldn’t pick up a ball anymore so he had to pass rather quickly. At the end of the day, they all enjoyed themselves enough to have big smiles on their faces, but Dean didn’t have to be a genius to know that something was bothering his brother, who kept on looking at his phone the entire time.
“We’re doing fine! We just thought we could introduce our little Judy to your boys at last,” Garth responds, pointing towards his baby daughter in Bessy’s arms. She’s bigger than the twins are, but not yet one year old, Castiel supposes. Still, she’s probably around six months old by now, maybe even seven.
“Stayin’ over at Charlie’s. Wanna come?” Castiel finds himself squinting, unable to really focus on the girl in front of him. Jo looks down at her clothes before blinking twice. Then she nods.
“Because,” he starts, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed, “I’m probably going to get bored out of my mind if I have to lie down on a table for three hours.”
“It doesn’t feel… the same way as before,” Dean tries to explain with a grimace. “It’s probably because I’m a chick, but I’m not really sure I like the feeling of-“
“Urgh, don’t give me logic, I just need sleep,” Lauren responds jokingly. Then she rolls over onto her stomach and crawls further into the bed right before throwing the blanket over her. Sam yawns once more, but quickly goes to turn off the light before joining Lauren in the bed.
He’s not doing that, he’s not getting in between his friends and their relationships. But, it’s becoming obvious that all Marv wants is to hang these e-mails over his head and use them as a way to make Castiel do as he wants.
"So you got plans for new year?" he finds himself asking before thinking of it. He frowns immediately afterwards while wondering what exactly made him say that. Even
“Dean, we should probably look around?” Cas offers, but Dean shakes his head as he tries to get up the stairs. From what he has seen from the interior so far, it looks open and bright, making Dean wonder what it will look like during the day.
“About five at first, but it seems like Inias got one of them already,” Cas explains as he watches it all. “Anna is fighting one off, Inias is moving to the next one. It looks like Abner has two on his back, but he manages to hold them off for now.”
“Don’t bother, his father was the same way,” Turner mutters back to him. Now the Captain looks even more furious.
“He’ll be back,” Dean says without looking up from the laptop on the table. By now the words in front of him are fuzzy and it looks like they’re dancing on the screen. He can’t even remember what he’s been researching about, either. Jesus, he’s tired.
“I have nothing to say to him. My mission is to protect the offspring you’ve created together and that’s all,” Balthazar bites at him bitterly. Dean just snorts and shakes his head. Then he looks down, once again enjoying the fact that he can see his own two feet once more.
Looking at the house, and the clear negligence of its care, Sam would just figure that it’s empty or abandoned. So he can be honest when he says that he didn’t expect to have a gun pointed towards his crotch through the mail slot when he tried to pick the lock.
Once Dean has the keys he nods towards Castiel to follow him, which he does. He wonders what they’re going to do about clothes, since Castiel obviously didn’t bring any spare with him. When Castiel points it out, Dean shrugs.
He wonders if Cas would appreciate Dean watching a video from his past like that. Surely, now that he’s been champion for five times in a row, he shouldn’t mind all that much?
“I’ll be on the ice,” Cas quickly says before getting out of the changing room. Dean nods, and then sits himself down on the bench.
And then, after she presses her hand on his face, Dean wakes up while gasping for breath. Cas is already awake, calling out his name over and over again. Dean grabs on to his shirt while he tries to get his panic attack under control. Tears roll down on his face, and even now the arms holding on to him tightly don’t seem enough.
“This is strangely domestic,” Dean tells him in a whisper. It’s kind of an awkward position since Cas is taller than him now, but neither of them seems to mind. The Angel just drops his head back and leans in to his touch.
When they reached Castiel and April, Jimmy’s smile was very bright. He greeted April, and then wrapped his arms around his twin brother, whose eyes got big, and the panic seemed to get him again. It was only when Jimmy let go of him that he was able to relax again.
“Right, sure. My father making a scene during what should have been a qualifying competition for me to get to the real thing, that shouldn’t be a problem. It’s not as if I couldn’t show my face there anymore after he accused all of them of pulling me into ‘their faggy way of life’ or anything. I’m sure they would have been just fine with it.”
“Yean, I’m fine, just puking my guts out is all,” Dean answers with a heavy breath. Jody’s eye are stuck hard on him, studying his facial expression.
“Is she back from Oz? She didn’t call?” Dean stands up so he can look on the screen as well, leaning over Sam’s shoulder. Castiel does the same thing, eyes on the screen where a video has obviously finished loading.
Ben scoffs and shakes his head. The expression on his face makes it clear that Sam shouldn’t have brought that up. Without saying another word, Ben marches up the stairs towards the front door.
“It can only be removed by the Angel that helped conceiving the thing. But with Castiel completely powered down, that won’t be an option.”
“There’s nothing there, you’re just imagining things,” Kevin answers. It must be good, Castiel figures, to have people closer to his age around him. Sure, Claire is almost two years younger and Ben four years, but they’re still all teenagers.
Dean just hums, finding himself a bit distracted. He turns around to look at Cas, and then nods his head towards Claire, who is completely failing at pretending not to pay attention. The Angel blinks a few times and then clears his throat.
Seeing that the majority of the Angels in the room represent more than half of Heaven’s population, it’s obvious that Castiel is not really a welcome presence to most of them. With embarrassment he recalls his days spent charged up with all the souls from Purgatory, remembering how he ended thousands of his brothers and sisters lives with just the snap of his two fingers.
“Uhm, I assure you that I don’t know you,” Suzy says quickly. She crosses her arms and lets out a huff of air, though the smile is still on her face. “I probably have one of those faces everybody has,” she quickly adds.
“I was thinking about telling Ellen I’m not renewing my contract at the Roadhouse,” Dean says, figuring it’s best to just stay honest with him. “And before that I was thinking about how I would need to discuss flying out with you with Bobby and Jimmy, since I can’t just leave without any notice.”
“What question?” Sam asks after swallowing his mouthful of salad. Dean throws a small grin towards Lauren, who grins back.
But… she’s not having fun. Instead, she’s having a massive headache that makes her want to squeeze her eyes shut and go to sleep. Perhaps she should just tell Gilda that she’s not feeling too well.
But Rowena can’t bask in her glory for long when Inias finally appears – too late still – and snaps the Witch’ neck. But even he can’t hold back the demons that are already pouring back out on Earth.
And then she’s suddenly standing in front of him, holding tightly to his arm. Panic starts to raise in Sam’s mind, and he tries to break free from her grasp, only finding her to be too strong. No matter how hard he pulls, he just can’t escape her grip.
“Jessica’s still sleeping?” Dean asks. He gently starts to massage his stiff neck; a night on the couch isn’t really the most comfortable way of spending the night, but since he doesn’t have a spare bedroom he had to give up his bed to his little brother and his girlfriend. And not that Dean minds, really. There’s not much he wouldn’t do for Sammy.
“Nice job, Winchester,” Tracy mutters lightly to him without opening her eyes. She sounds exhausted, and after checking her pulse, Sam figures she will be alright. He just needs to clean her wounds when they get back to the motel, and after that she’ll be fine.
The knife doesn’t go as fast as Castiel’s, but it still hits the target right where it matters. It’s far from the middle, but at least it’s inside. Lauren makes a triumphant noise and holds up her hand towards Castiel, pointing the palm to him.
“Just the same,” comes out as an answer. Dean knows he isn’t imagining the sadness in the man’s voice, but he can understand that emotion. Waking up and finding out all of your friends have died? Mustn’t be a good feeling. Dean can’t imagine ending up in a time where his brother is already dead. Or Cassie, or, heck, even Garth! Rufus, on the other hand, he couldn’t care any less about.
Cas answers, completely oblivious of Dean reaction. It causes for Sam and Kevin to laugh even harder. Then suddenly, the Prophet yawns loudly, stretching his arms above his head and groaning as he pulls at his limbs.
So bringing back Balthazar, Anna, and now apparently Samandriel is only to help Him guide things into following the right script? Castiel’s head hurts a little bit as he tries to understand what his Father is planning. Nothing makes sense, really, and by now he only wishes he could find Him and give Him a piece of his mind.
“I’m sorry, gentlemen, I only allow a certain kind of people in my bar. I’m afraid homophobes don’t really fit in that selection. I’m going to have to ask you to leave now.”
“I’m sorry that happened,” Cas says truthfully, and for a moment Dean swears he can see his hand twitch, as if it’s hesitating to rest on Dean’s for comfort. Dean just shakes his head.
“Dean, what are you-?” he starts, but then he’s suddenly lifted off the ground – and Dean can feel his face turn red from the effort. He has forgotten that, despite being an Angel, Cas is still living in a grown man’s body, meaning that he is just as heavy as one.
“Yeah okay, I’m in. I’ll ask Sam if he wants to come along then, if he has no plans with Jess tonight,” Dean said. Jimmy smiled now, starting to skate backwards toward to his students, but still with his eyes on Dean.
Dean feels a tear roll down his cheeks and he blames his hormones for the sudden need of crying. This is it, this is the moment he should tell Cas the words. Those three words he wants to hear for so long. He, too, puts his hands on the Angel’s cheeks to hold him steady, and their eyes never lose contact for one second.
impulsive, so if he hadn’t found this kid, he probably wouldn’t even have found the damn place at all.
Dean frowns a little at hearing marriage, not really ready to picture that happening to any of them real soon. He lifts his writing hand in the air and smiles fakely.
“Attorney said she’s an heiress and Bobby’s presence or next of kin is being requested in New Canaan,” he half reads from the screen. Then he closes it again and puts the device in his pant pocket. “I figured we qualify?”
Castiel nods. “Right,” he confirms. He looks down at where Inias’ hands are still touching his skin, and he tilts his head a bit to the side. Inias catches up on it, letting go of him before nodding towards the bar.
“Where. Is. She,” he breathes out. And now, instead of talking, Dustin points a finger towards a small shop on the other side of the street. They see a hooded figure – a girl – stepping inside, trying not to look suspicious but failing miserably at it. When Castiel lets go of Dustin, he practically pushes him back against the wall. He crosses the road without checking if it’s safe, and almost gets hit multiple times. He can hear Dean call out after him, but he doesn’t listen.
Even now, Dean still has to blush at how much faith Castiel seems to be having in them. And apparently, Sam seems to be sharing that faith, because in those few times Dean thought that it was just doomed to end, his younger brother had been there to assure him that
No, certainly not. But when Dean looks at his own belly, he does have to admit to himself that he’s gained quite a bit of weight lately, making him a little bit rounded than usual.
“Oh, I have my suspicions, but I’d rather keep it a secret just so you’ll all be extremely surprised when we find out.”
“What is that, cinnamon roll?” Dean asks while trying to identify the smell that is going through his nose.
“It’s going to be tough on you for a while, especially with these two little brats. But you have Sam, and Linda, and Kevin. And I’m sure Jodie will be glad to help as well. There are so many people there for you, and you won’t see it at first, but you have to believe it.”
“Oh,” she mutters out loud, wrapping her arms around her body. “I knew that,” she then adds defensively. Of course she’s on her period. Lisa had been on her period too every month when they still lived together. Dean even had to buy tampons for her back in the day.
Their little moment gets interrupted the moment Dean’s cellphone starts ringing, sending vibrations against Dean’s leg. Dean sits up again to reach for it, grabbing the device and checking the number for a moment, before dropping his mouth open. His heart starts beating a little bit faster, and for a moment he wonders if he should actually pick up.
“Oh, Castiel, you know you’re missing the announcements of the votes, right?” Metatron whines behind him. Castiel nods lightly. Right then, the door flies open. In surprise, Castiel sees Inias practically running inside, looking kind of spooked.
“You, don’t speak about dad again,” Dean mutters, pointing towards the Captain. After that he turns to Sam. “And you’re a bitch.”
“I thought I could make it up to her,” Castiel confesses. The disappointment is still thick in his voice, but he can’t control it. He knows he couldn’t wish to have Claire see him as her dad, but to be hated this much… It makes Castiel feel so uncomfortable that he would just crawl out of his body and fetch back Jimmy from Heaven so he could give Claire back her father.
It all seems to happen so fast, though. Before Dean can really think about it, there’s this sudden thumping noise coming from the monitor, and with that, the doctor reveals that he’s found the heartbeats. They’re beating fast, Dean would say, but since the guy isn’t all that worried about it he decides not to dwell on it too much.
Just when he wants to move towards the courses, he sees the part of the wall that has all the knives. Castiel sees a stolen Angel blade hanging there, but it’s the small knives that catch his attention. He’s learned to throw small ones like these back when he was trained in Heaven. It’s been a while, but he wonders if he’s still able. So he picks ten of them before finally moving forward.
Most of them decided to go to the roadhouse afterwards. Dean, who has to be there anyway, doesn’t disagree to join in. Cas drives with him on their way there, his skates once again safely tucked away in the trunk next to Dean’s inlines. They don’t talk, but the silence is not uncomfortable.
“I’m her uncle, this is my wife and her brother,” Cas quickly says, luckily still thinking about introducing Dean as his freaking
“Yeah, he’s already there, helped with preparations. I had to drop him off,” Sam says with a smile. “And given the fact that he’s not planning on staying sober, it felt safer for me to drive.”
Dean loves hunting, loves saving people, and though he enjoys his safe little room in the bunker, he does really enjoy those voyages he makes by car to get from one state to the other. The same goes for Cas as well; he would do anything to make his kid happy and healthy, but Castiel still has this thing where he keeps on feeling responsible for the whole world’s sadness and pain, and the Angel would
“I never found the time,” Cas mutters. It’s clear that it’s some sort of sore spot for him, so he figures he shouldn’t mention it again for now. He lets go of Cas’ arm, and then skates to the middle of the track.
, they knew they finally had a chance to compete. They’re planning on joining the competition once they’re eighteen.”
He bites his lip. Of course he would want that; he would want nothing else. But he looks down at his own body to make clear to him that he’s missing a certain body-part to do that. Castiel realizes it then, too.
“Are you alright?” he asks her, and Lauren just nods without even focusing on him. Then she turns her head away to stare out of the window. Sam just sighs – she’s probably in shock. Her only home has been burned to the ground, and now she’s being chased by a group of vampires. Her life must be crumbling down in less than two days.
If Dean wouldn’t already have been in the actual Heaven, he would have said this is actually it. That’s saying much, mostly because they haven’t even begun with them yet, the two of them still sitting in the waiting room with the brochure in their hand, having gotten the time to think about what exactly they want to do here.
Dean didn’t answer, but kept on watching the hooded Avatar who came to stand next to chief Hendriksen. The man held his head up high as they spoke, and Dean couldn’t hear them. Then Dean remembered why he actually came here in the first place. He grabbed Benny’s arm to get his attention again, and held out his other hand to give the impression that Dean was serious about whatever he was going to say.
Castiel, along with a redheaded woman, skated to the middle of the course. Even from this distance, Dean could see the serious, empathic expression on his face. The girl was smiling at him when he put his arms around her waist. He startled a little when she held on his shoulder. They were waiting for the music to begin, and when it did, it was as if this Castiel-guy was a whole new person. His face was calm all of the sudden. His eyes were closed, and he skated backwards, still holding the girl’s hands.
“I do agree with you,” Lauren suddenly says. Her voice is low, which is actually very normal in the morning, and her eyes are red-rimmed from sleepiness. “You wish to save your baby, it’s a very understandable decision. Besides, who cares if you ‘follow through’ this Prophecy by bringing a child into the world? That doesn’t mean you have to stand by and watch said child becoming the next
No, he shouldn’t suddenly feel sorry for that guy. It’s because of him that Dean and Sam were raised the way they were; without a mother, and with a father that was barely there for him. He should not show any softness for this man just because he has big blue eyes.
“Because I feel like I’ve been on the back of a horse for days! My legs are probably even more bowed!”
The door to the doctor’s office opens, and he sees Gretchen, Frank’s wife, walk out of the room while shaking the man’s hand. Frank puts the magazine down and walks up to her fast enough that Lauren is sure he just wants to get away from here as fast as he can. Men… typically.
“I slept with other women,” he suddenly blurts out without thinking about it. The moment it’s out, he regrets it already. Sam has always been the most supportive of his relationship with the Angel, and he’s warned both Dean and Cas multiple times that if one hurts the other in any way, they would get Hell.
“Heya, Sammy,” Dean greets him, deciding not to bother him with the truth of his memory loss. He pulls his brother in a hug, which Sam takes as a surprise at first, but then he slaps his hand on Dean’s back in return.
“Ah, well, if you two are ever going to get married, she should know the whole story, right?” Dean teases them. Sam feels his cheeks coloring red, and Lauren too blushes at what Dean says. Luckily, the hunter isn’t completely oblivious about the awkwardness. With raised eyebrows and a mouth filled with eggs and bacon, he speaks up. “What did I say?”
issue to the hunter in the past. Times can change a man, though, but Dean thinks that the nerves weren’t helping as well that one evening.
“Well, you said they made homophobic remarks, then got kicked out. Did they then attack you because of the homophobia?” the officer then looks up at him, and Dean notices some concern in her expression. He also notices the wedding ring on her finger, and decides not to look too much into it.
“Is there any update on Dean or Cas?” Sam asks. It’s been a few hours now since they went to the doctor, but so far there hasn’t been anything news on their front. Sam is genuinely curious of what they heard back there.
They’ve concluded a while back already that Alan gets startled from being near demons, which is why he ended up crying his lungs out the last time in the hospital when Bela must have come too close. Jonah, being deep asleep, didn’t have the same reaction. The boys, never really crying at all besides that, have sort of become the best alarming-system to when demons are nearby.
He can see Jimmy’s confused look when Cas passes him by. He instructs something to the teenagers, and then follows his brother. Dean doesn’t join in. He just can’t move right now.
“Okay, all right, come here,” Dean says, pointing the other way and gesturing for them to get out of there. He notices Cas pulling her along with his hand on her shoulder, and to his surprise she doesn’t push his hand away, which is really something he’d never expect from her at all.
The two come and sit down with to them, Dean next to Castiel and Sam on the bench in front of them, with his back pointed at the football field behind him.
“I don’t know, I’ve never tried this before,” Cas answers in hesitation. His eyes wander to Dean’s skates. They’re his favorite pair; black ones with some green lines on them. The two outer wheels are green, while the inner ones are blue. They fit perfectly, and if it was possible he probably could spend all day in them.
“Or you can help me, that’s fine too! I just wanted to give you some breathing room since you just did all the heavy lifting.”
, too.” And Dean then shakes Castiel’s hand. A lot more screams start in people’s homes. One mother even worriedly hurries into her daughter’s room to find out what’s going on. When she realizes her daughter is simply fangirling over two teenagers from that stupid video website, she rolls her eyes and gets away as quickly as possible.
“Now I need for you to draw an incomplete pentagram with candles. Put them in place, but leave out the last one,” Rowena instructs as she fishes out her bowl in which she’s planning to put all the ingredients Crowley has been busting his ass off to get. At last, all his hard work will be rewarded. He’s going to get his throne back.
Dean sighs; of course it isn’t that easy. He squeezes Cas’ fingers once before lifting his hand up towards his lips. He presses a small kiss on Cas’ knuckles.
“I know now how to take care of you,” Cas whispers quickly, finger slowly rubbing and breath tickling on Dean’s neck. The hunter can’t help but let his mouth fall open, arching his back in this sudden pleasure he’s feeling. His hand on Cas’ cheek now instead goes to hold on his husband’s hand, feeling the need to tangle their fingers together but holding back.
And indeed, all the doubt and hesitation seems to have left Azrael again, and now instead there’s a self-assured Angel standing in front of him. She looks like a complete different person.
It’s obvious that it’s taking longer for Wind to return his messages. It’s indication enough that he’s stopped checking his mail daily. To be fair, Castiel has been guilty of doing the same thing. Not receiving anything for such a long time does that…
Then it looks as if he’s just fading away. The faceless monsters lets out a high shriek despite it not having a mouth, and then it’s gone, leaving a pile of dark clothes in its wake. After that, it’s awfully silent apart from Tracy’s painful grunts. Sam stands up with shaky legs, and moves to her.
“Dean!” he then hears the Angel shout out. Without noticing it, Dean holds out his hands in the direction of the light, and when he sees Castiel come out of the corner a faint smile appears on his face. Castiel looks worried and angry at the same time. The moment his eyes land on Dean he starts to run towards him.
September turns into October, and Cas’ first competition starts again in Chicago, Illinois, where once more Dean, Jimmy and Amelia join him to witness his victory. After that, his next event is in Bejing, China. His free skating program is the 20
“That… was…” Sam can’t finish, but shakes his head in disbelief, taking a deep breath. Castiel frowns, ignoring how his face colors red from shame.
Cas passes his free hand once more over its head before pulling his arms free again and making the paddles reappear in the kayak.
On the phone he sounded shaky and hesitant to say the least. He never managed to finish his sentences and more than once he dropped his phone, making Sam having to call him again. Eventually they managed to agree to meet at a cheap diner so they could get their dinner as well. Sam’s back is aching from driving all the time, but he won’t stop looking until he finds his brother. This is the closest they’ve gotten at it so far, so now’s not the time to take a break.
“Family, don’t end with blood,” he mutters, quoting Bobby’s own wise words. Maeve stares him down for a moment, before nodding.
Okay, no, so Sam snatched the laptop along when nobody was looking, and Tracy managed to listen to all the passwords when the detective was going through them again when they tried to unlock her phone.
Because Claire really looks relaxed right now. There’s an actual smile on her face while she listens to the woman, waiting for the breakfast that is being cooked right now. Her shoulders aren’t tense for once, her eyebrows not pulled together. She looks… happy?
“Still in jail. His door has been made permanent after an escape-attempt. It failed, though; nobody has ever managed to escape.”
There’s quite a lot of traffic right now. The cab they’re currently in seems to be stuck behind another one, since they’re barely moving. Great, Dean doesn’t even know what the plan is right now; are they going to get Dean’s stuff and move everything back to Cas’ place, or is Cas going to leave him there? It might be a bit early for them to share a room together already, but to be really honest, Dean wouldn’t mind at all. It’s not like he’s planning to do anything with Cas anyway, and he knows well enough – or at least a little bit – that Cas might not be interested in anything like that.
“I’ll get the doctor,” Castiel gets out in a whisper. But before that, he takes Dean’s hand in his own, lifts it to his lips, and then he presses a soft kiss against his fingers. After that, he’s back into the hallway. Now he just needs an excuse as to why the doctor’s patient suddenly changed genders.
“Hey! I’m married, you know!” Dean snaps. The girl just snatches the belt away from him, and then throws it at one of her companions. He faintly hears Jody say something to her in the background, but he can’t find himself concentrating on her voice. His head is slightly turning, making him dizzy all of the sudden.
Those seem like the skates he’d had before, Dean notes. They’re a black pair with green laces. The blade is still shiny, but not as much as Castiel’s, meaning that they must be quite older already.
He was pathetic and he knew it. For two years his brother had been taking care of him; helping him taking his new first steps since his accident, to control his hands and arms again, to live alone again. But Sam was married now, so he didn’t have time for Dean anymore. Not as much as previously, at least. Yeah, they continued their weekly tradition of going to The Roadhouse on Fridays, and whenever Dean could use the phone in the hallway they called. But in the end it was all just ridiculous actually; they both lived in Republic City, not even thirty minutes removed from each other if they were to use a vehicle, and the only way for them to communicate was through a damn phone.
“Yes, I would be honored to see you skating,” Cas says with a bright smile. Dean looks away when his stomach starts to feel weird. Huh, maybe he’s hungry. He hasn’t eaten in a while anyway… He should ask Cas if they could grab a bite in the cafeteria upstairs later on.
“I know you’re not my biggest fan,” Dean reminds her. Claire lets out a short chuckle but then shakes her head again.
“Because I wanted him to start trusting you,” Jimmy said. “Look, I’m sorry if you don’t want to be friends with him, I just thought-“
Then the two girls pretending to be – shit – their parents walk away. The girl in the dress walks towards a board with a woman painted on it. He hears Dean inhale loudly at the sight of it.
“We got Jonah out,” Dr. Pine says. Dean lets out a long breath, sounding relieved to say the least. But as the doctors pass Jonah on to Hannah, something dark seems to pass through Dean. The monitor that is hooked up on the naps on his chest starts beeping even faster, and Dean seems to have trouble catching his breath. Hannah stops in front of Dean, shortly showing off their first son, still covered in fluids and blood. He’s crying, looking unhappy at being outside, but just the sight of him is enough to make something in Castiel’s chest flutter.
“Ah, come on, babe, you’re getting married to this annoyed jerk, you’re gonna get more of these jokes the rest of… eh, well, eternity,” Dean laughs, wrapping one arm around Castiel’s hip. The Angel snorts loudly.
“So do I,” he returns. Castiel waits for a bit longer, until Dean continues what he was about to tell him before Bobby interrupted, but nothing comes from his friend. He doesn’t dare to bring it up, either. Instead, he looks down at the picture for a little bit more before locking the screen and putting the phone aside.
It’s frustrating not to be a part of the conversation, but Castiel knows how keen Dean is about his privacy, so listening in to the other side of the line would be really inappropriate of him. Sam comes to stand next to him, crossing his arms.
He knows Jessica and Charlie are still fuming with what Marv did to Castiel. To be honest, Castiel’s still pissed off, as well. But he’s just come to the point where he figures it’s no use to just keep on being jerks towards each other. Especially now that there’s almost only one more year to go. After that year, they’ll never have to see each other again, after all.
Finding himself in front of the mirror, Dean’s gaze falls on Sam’s reflection, unable to keep himself from rolling his eyes. In his hands he’s holding his EMF-meter, which is buzzing quite wildly. When the mother answers, Dean moves to the left to check there. Just to make sure, he keeps his hand around the device to keep the sound down a little.
“Ah, I bought some new-,” Dean’s sentence gets cut short when Castiel’s fingers ghost over his length. “A whole new tube, u-underneath the bed.
What would Charles say about this all? Would he be alright with a gay son? Would he have been angry?
“Sam you can go around back, try to find another way in. Dean can probably still fit through,” Cas then offers, pointing his gun once more towards the window.
It’s been a long while since she’s taken a look back on Earth; she’s trying to distance herself from the mortals. They’re not worth her time, all that matters to her are her brothers and sisters.
“Yeah, well, I don’t know half of them, but they’re quite hilarious I would say,” Dean answers with a smirk. Jo huffs and takes out a glass from the water to start drying it.
“So if she would offer to go all hot and dirty together, you would decline?” Dean jokes, intending to tease Kevin a little bit. Just like he expected, Kevin’s cheeks color red and his eyes go wide at the sudden question.
“You know you’re even more annoying than the Winchesters?” Gabriel says with his arms crossed, looking extremely bored by it all. Lauren steps out of her car, and is surprised by the sudden wind she’s feeling.
“No way, what?” Sam’s voice suddenly asks from behind them. He looks happy, shining, even. He’s followed by Jessica, who seems equally happy. Castiel feels horrible that he can’t feel happy for them.
“Oh gross, guys!” Sam calls out, making a disgusted face in between his laughs. “Other people swim in there!”
Ellen throws him a worried glance, and Bobby, too, has his eyebrows raised. Jo lowers her gaze again, interest long lost in the conversation as she starts texting who-ever underneath the table.
“Mmhmm, yeah they’re the new cronuts,” Dean answers, remembering what Kevin told him when he offered him the bag. One would think Dean hadn’t been listening, but the words are fresh in his mind as he speaks them out.
A couple of years ago, I finished this story after months of research. I've loved this fic a whole lot and had many plans for it. But eventually I figured that these plans were too big for it to just remain a fanfic.
“Nothing will happen to me! C’mon Sam! Be a cool uncle and take a lonely teenage girl along! There’s literally nothing else to do here!” Claire grabs on his arm and starts pulling it.
Dean doesn’t speak to Cas for a few days after that. Instead he’s been busy with explaining the situation to his brother, and assuring Jimmy that, no, he’s not in a secret relationship with his twin brother. A lot of people that know him recognized him in the picture, so the next two days have been filled with answering phone calls and denying anything that is sent to him by text.
“Dean! You’re awake!” Sam calls out. Dean feels a hand touching his shoulder, and he appreciates the contact. It feels good. “How are you feeling?”
“Cas, what-?” he starts to ask, but then suddenly there’s a finger on his lips, telling him to stop talking. With his eyes now opened again, he allows Cas to remove Dean’s hands from his belly, watching how the Angel just hovers above him, completely focused and probably slightly worried.
be his weak spot – but right now, it doesn’t matter anymore. Dean is the most important thing here, and if the Colt has to go for him to live, then Sam would gladly offer it to her. Still, he needs to know that he’s not going to start another Apocalypse by accident.
“Listen, Cas, there’s something I need to tell you,” Dean finally says. Castiel blinks twice before nodding. He’s listening. He’s always listening.
The video takes a while to post, he finds. While he waits, he puts on his coat and tightens the laces on his shoes, and by the time he’s finished the video is up.
“Dude, how could I forget, you mentioned it the first time we met. Being an asshole about it, as well.” Dean tries to joke about it, but even he has to admit that this sounds a bit… weird. Ah, well, another thought to push in the deep dark corner of his mind. He has to make sure that it doesn’t end up getting
” she had told him right before being taken away by the Angels, back to Heaven. Full bitterness, Sam had then realized that she wanted him to move on.
“What for? I thought everything was alright?” he wonders out loud; he remembers well enough how that nurse told him specifically that his blood pressure was alright and his pulse was beating the normal amount of beats per minute.
“Dean, now is not the time,” Sam complains. Dean ignores him and starts filling his plate with pieces of cake – once again avoiding the pie he normally loves so much, and he starts filling his mouth with the pieces of pastry. Sam turns his head in embarrassment when a moan escapes from Dean.
, not your grace,” he assures the Angel, and then, finally, their lips meet in a kiss. It’s hard and intense, as if Castiel is afraid to let go of him. Afraid that he’ll disappear again. Dean, in turn, holds on to Castiel’s back tightly for the same reason. He has a little trouble breathing with the Angel putting his weight all over him again for a moment, but luckily that only lasts for a few seconds before Castiel pulls back.
Dean decides just to come and stand behind him, getting to the point of coughing for attention when the man suddenly turns his head and grins down at her.
“Your father isn’t here anymore, Dean,” Jimmy tells him. “You’re free to be with who-ever you want. You’re free to perform the sport
He doesn’t go through with it. Instead, as he almost reaches his locker, suddenly Gordon appears in front of him with a wide smirk.
When Sam asks her what’s wrong, she keeps quiet. When Castiel does the same, she simply shakes her head and smiles. Her mouth stays shut the entire day. When she goes to visit Dean and finds him beaten and bruised, she barely keeps herself from expressing her concern.
So instead he opens up the database Charlie uses for the localization of Crowley, Rowena or Gabriel, finding himself going through one image after the other but finding nobody of the three. For a moment, Dean even wonders if Gabriel is still on Earth right now.
“Not long after that, in another store, an old man did the same thing. The cashier only barely made it out of that one,” Ben continues. “How did you not know about this?”
Dean isn’t sure whether or not to call these last few hours a disaster or not. In any way, they have a new addition in the bunker, more specifically in their dungeon. He hates every second that witch is spending inside these walls, but then, when he had been on his way to kill her with his knife, he couldn’t have foreseen that Crowley would suddenly shout out ‘mother’ for all of them to hear.
Sam is aware that Lauren was that woman he met in the grocery store before Dean disappeared. She was the woman who asked him out on a date to this weird French restaurant, and she’s also the one he stood up when a case suddenly came up. He wonders if she’s still bitter about that part.
Dean nods. There’s a long sigh escaping from his lips as his eyes wander down again. Once more, he leans against the table, taking Castiel’s hands in his own to pull him closer to him. Their foreheads are pressed together, but their eyes are closed. All they need right now is each other, the closeness they have right now.
Once inside, though, he meets up with the first guard right away. Probably some alarm system has been activated when he broke in. Before the man can get a good look at him, Cas brings him unconscious, draining so much from his power that he feels worn out right away.
Dean huffs once more in annoyance and then heads towards the door to make an exit, needing to be away from all these people here.
When the door opens soon enough, a young lady stands there, dressed in a maid’s costume. She’s small, and has big eyes that look up at the four people standing in her doorway.
“Okay, Frenchie, what’s up with you?” Dean suddenly asks. Sam realizes that he sounds tired, or maybe just defeated. Can he bring it up now? He’s almost sure his brother will deflect it again.
“Are they expecting us to kiss, again?” Dean jokes. Jimmy can only roll his eyes when the two of them start to skate back to the middle. One of the kids looks actually disappointed, and Dean is almost inclined to just fake-make out with Jimmy right here on the spot. It would rile up the kids, for sure, and it’s not like it would be the first time they would tease them like that, but even he has to wonder if this are they/are they not-thing is going too far. Some of the parents that didn’t even know Jimmy is already in a relationship one day even came to them to congratulate them. Jimmy had been drinking water at that moment, and it had taken a few minutes for him to stop coughing, so it was Dean who had to clear things up.
Killing any one of these freaks would take nerves and knowledge and training and a fuckload of luck. But killing all four at once?
