The sound of the door opening still woke Steve, but he lay silently in the darkness, waiting for Tony to join him.
It was a small kindness, but it felt so intimate that Tony found himself holding his breath, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
"I'm still working out some of the math for the beacon," Tony said. "But I'm limited to theory and planning, and that doesn't take up nearly as much of my time as I'd like it to."
Frowning over his attempt to draw a goatee on the figure in his sketch, Steve didn't say anything, but he did hum a little of "
"And I thought you were trying not to lie any more than you had to," Steve said. "That you were pretending to be involved with a man as a favor to me, and that was all."
"See," Tony said, and then stopped, because all he could actually think to say was, "Well, shit." He took a deep breath and tried again.
But as long as he was single, Steve's personal life was none of the world's business.
"This wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that Bruce is going to be at my house in about ninety minutes to help us unpack, would it?"
He tried to picture Tony there; weirdly, it worked. Tony could look at home wherever he found himself, whether that was this diner, where Steve had breakfast a couple of mornings a week after his run, or testifying in front of the Senate.
Then Steve said, "We should probably talk some more about last night," and Tony forgot all about the way Steve's ears went pink when he was embarrassed.
But Tony wanted to know what made Steve tick, and Steve felt the same about Tony, on so many levels.
He’s not a jealous man. And even if he were, this is a mission, this is Tony making sure that the apartment across town is dark and empty, so that Natasha and Clint can do their jobs.
"You didn't ask me to do any of that," Tony argued. "The team needs it, or I wanted to do it, or both. I mean you, Steve Rogers, specifically asking me to do something."
“Okay! Enough with the uncalled for insults. If we’re going to insult anyone, let’s insult the Hallmark Channel and their entirely unoriginal romantic movie plots.”
Steve set the dish on the island counter, finally turning to face Tony as they moved to sit at the table where Steve had set up their plates. No surprise, that smirk was just where Steve expected it. “Let’s just eat so I can see what this mystery food of yours is.”
Saturday passed in the same way: languid, relaxing, easy. Steve made conversation with different technicians as he went from station to station. There was Claudia, the nail technician, who had an aunt in the business and used this job to help save for college courses. Nadine, the woman who trimmed his hair and gave him a scalp massage, with the look of a model and the mouth of a sailor. Lily, with gentle hands and a sweet voice leading him through some guided meditation.
Tony laughed. "Honey, you'll feel just fine in the morning. But if you're really tired tomorrow, I'll take care of your schedule."
Steve groaned in annoyance, but a good-natured smile remained firmly on his face. He looked down at his watch, because he refused to be rid of the old thing despite Tony's pestering (he'd even turned down a Rolex! which now laid somewhere within Clint's room), and moved to stand. Tony followed suit, rising to his feet.
"He's a Saudi prince. His folks are the ones hosting this, the ones we were supposed to sway to our side of the table." Tony laughed roughly. "Good job on that, by the way. Agent Agent would be proud."
"Oh, hey, Steve. Didn't see you there."
Forty minutes pass with the expected pre-selected questions, a handful of questions sent in via social media, and a rundown on the best restaurants in the Los Angeles area. Eventually the interview draws to a close, Steve sighing with relief in Tony’s stead.
“Come on in,” Tony said, waving toward the couch he kept free of clutter in case someone came around. Originally for Pepper and Rhodey, though over time it had slowly become a home for everyone in the tower. “Have a seat. You’re gonna need it.”
"But I just got comfortable."
Steve gave a squeeze of his hand and huffed a laugh. "Go to sleep, Tony."
"Steve, come on." Tony pushed against the man's shoulder, with little to no visible results. "I need to pee," he whined. "If you get up I'll give you a treat." Tony sighed. He would try one last trick, and if it didn't work he would resign himself to the inevitable.
Once moved into the kitchen, Thor faced them once more. “You have decided,” he murmured gravely. Not a question, just a statement of fact.
Tony couldn't help but smile fondly as Steve allow his forehead to thump against the glazed marble surface. "If you don't want to be up, what are you doing awake?"
Moving slowly, Tony began running his fingers through Steve's hair. The other man hummed softly, leaning further into the touch. Tony couldn't help but smirk at how utterly adorable the man in his lap could be. "Steve."
From the corner of his eye Steve spotted a man bullying a woman into a corner of the room. He couldn't see their faces clearly, but the thinly veiled aggression in the man's shoulders, the harsh tone of voice brushing the edges of Steve's enhanced hearing, raised all the red flags in his mind. The woman seemed resigned to her fate, which fanned the flames of Steve's simmering contempt all the more.
"That's not what I said."
The wolf merely stared in response, though really Tony could have sworn maybe there’d been an imperceptible tilt of the animal’s head. Or maybe he was imagining things? Regardless, he slowly unwound himself from the sheets covering his body and lifted his legs over the side of the mattress, lowering them incrementally until he felt lush carpet beneath his toes. Cautiously, he stood, eyeing the wolf the entire time in case of any sudden movements. Hands held up before him, Tony took a step in the wolf’s direction. It lowered its body to the ground, eyes somehow even more narrowed on Tony.
Once Tony's face was exposed to fresh air, he shifted into Steve's touch as if by instinct. Steve smiled and caressed the slumbering man's cheek, tapping gently at the nearest cheekbone in an even pattern.
“This is a story all about how a life got lifted, twisted, and turned upside down.” Tony began with what he knew about his mother’s and father’s lives before they met. He realized Steve most likely knew it all already, but his rapt attention never faltered. By the time Tony reached the day of his own birth, Steve’s eyes drooped like a small child trying to stay awake just a moment longer.
“As you say, sir.”
"Sounds fake, but okay."
By the time Tony regained his senses enough to form a coherent sentence, Steve was probably halfway to Central Park. Hypothetically, Tony
Steve: Thank you Thor.
“Steve! Come on, even
"What would the country say if they knew their captain was secretly Grumpy in disguise?"
"Something like that," Steve responded, his eyes set on a reporter who didn't seem to understand the concept of a press line. Everyone else with their badges and microphones were staying behind the barricade with no problems.
don’t even depend on me for that.”
Steve rolled his eyes, a bad habit he’d picked up since living in the tower with the other Avengers, and turned back to the kitchen to deposit the dish. “We’re going to have it for dinner, aren’t we? So you may as well tell me.”
Steve took the incentive to lay out their meal, swatting Tony's hands away when he tried to help. Tony took the hint and sat down, pouring them each a glass of water from the decanter set on the table. Two styrofoam containers were presented along with a small circular dish filled with fries, the aroma alone already causing Tony's mouth to salivate with anticipation. Steve pushed one container across to him, plastic knife and fork laid neatly and invitingly on top. He placed the fries within easy reach for them both, then pulled the remaining container in front of him where he sat opposite Tony.
Tony shook with repressed laughter. He gave the ceiling a look before ambling out into the hallway, unsurprised to see a ruffled Clint standing in the middle of the hallway.
Tony would have told the man exactly how serious he was, along with a full lecture regarding assumed gender roles that would make Pepper proud, but a gentle tug on his elbow reminded him of his own lack of manners. "Anyway, this is Steve. Steve, Gregory. He's interested in a tour of Stark Industries and I drew the short straw."
the problem?"
"Nah," Tony decided as he leaned back in his chair, shuffling through some files Pepper had left for him to look over. "We'll let him find out on his own."
Steve Rogers had endured his fair share of intrusive reporters and relentless fans. Sure, most people gave him a breadth of space because he was Captain America. Maybe they respected the mantle because their parents -- and in some cases, grandparents -- had grown up with the idea of Captain America as the paragon of decency and purity. Maybe they were just intimidated by his stature. Either way, he wouldn't complain about being left alone.
"We didn't know how much time we'd have before it would blow. I followed my instincts."
Tony found himself idly carding his fingers through thick, soft fur as he pondered the meaning of his life and how it had come to this.
The wolf blinked slowly, as close to an eye roll as Tony could imagine. Then it used the tip of its nose to push the shield to lay at Tony’s feet. Tony rolled his eyes in kind, though he did pick up the item from an angle that wouldn’t leave his hand covered in saliva. The wolf perked up as Tony raised his arm.
Tony went from one reporter to the next, suave as ever. Steve followed along silently, keeping a small distance between himself and Tony. He didn't want to be involved, but he wanted to be nearby just in case.
“Guess it would be asking too much for you to be able to talk, huh?” When the wolf blinked, Tony shrugged. “Worth a shot.” He sighed, looking around the room for answers that didn’t exist.
“Yeah, you do that.” Tony didn’t fully register the other man’s words until Steve left, hung up on the ferocity of concern that overtook him at the mere thought of Steve ingesting some unknown chemicals. When they hit him, Tony pulled out his phone to text Steve. That man was a walking ball of sass.
Their ragtag bunch spent the rest of the night with bouts of laughter, a terrible game of charades, and a mini marathon of holiday movies. Steve kept being drawn to Tony time and time again, so when everyone settled in for the movies and Steve found himself sharing the loveseat with Tony and a dozing baby, he let himself roll with it and not think too much about how the night had turned out.
“I didn’t know I could still hurt myself by laughing too much,” Steve commented once he’d caught his breath fully.
“What are your upcoming plans now, with the new launch soon to be out of the way?”
“Ha. I rhymed. Who needs a man with a plan when you can have Thor with a cure?”
So when such an opportunity presented itself on the red carpet outside the annual Stark Foundation gala, Steve wasn't too surprised when he found himself at Tony's side. Tony, on the other hand? Well.
Tony rolled his eyes. Using his free hand, he staggered to his feet. Steve moved instinctively to support his weight, which earned another patented Stark eye roll. "You're telling me. And I thought I was the one with the need to be the center of attention at parties."
"Anthony, what's the rush? Why don't we have lunch beforehand? It would be a late one, admittedly, but nonetheless I would enjoy the opportunity to pick your brain a bit."
“While that makes perfect logical sense, because really no one watches Trek like me, I feel you’re hiding your true motives here.”
Tony grinned. "You don't know
"Remember the first time you were Rick-rolled, J?"
“Okaaaay,” Tony drawled. “Thanks, buddy. But don’t you think we have more pressing matters to attend to?”
Tony places the phone on the coffee table, leans forward into Steve’s personal space. “I can make it up to you,” he murmurs against Steve’s lips.
"Where are you?"
Tony watched the chrome doors slide silently shut in front of him, wondering how impossible this situation would have seemed even a month ago. Not that he and Steve didn't get along, or that they didn't see one another on a regular basis. Generally they just didn't converse much, and when they did it was usually either a break down of the most recent updates to everyone's equipment or a friendly debate over Star Wars versus Star Trek. Sometimes Steve would scold him for doing something stupidly reckless during a mission. Never had Steve offered to bring him a late lunch.
The place showcased some elaborate architecture. Steve admired the Roman columns and high domed ceilings as he walked up to the receptionist.
Thor reached into the pouch clipped onto his belt and revealed a glass vial containing a shimmering silver liquid. The viscous substance reminded Tony of moonlight.
sounded great, because an hour out of the tower without having to be "on" as half of "New York's premier superhero couple!" was becoming a rare thing.
"You thought my sheets were probably nicer than yours, which I'm sure is true, because you keep complaining that the tower isn't spartan enough."
It wasn't so bad in Manhattan, where people more famous than Steve were everywhere. Most of the people who approached him in the city were little kids, and Steve never minded talking to them. When he was out of town, though, people constantly wanted his time and attention, even when he was just trying to buy lunch or walk down the street.
Asking anything else would be fishing for compliments, so Steve didn't ask if that was a bad or a good thing. He just assumed that if he looked too ridiculous, Tony would have said something. There was no way Tony would have passed up the chance of teasing him about his suit.
All the way back to the tower, Steve kept his hands resting on his knees, because if he let himself reach for Tony at all, if he even let his hand brush against Tony's, they were going to be breaking a lot more than traffic laws before they got home.
So once Steve was assured that this wouldn't be wasteful--and it would have had to be hugely wasteful for Steve to give up on the idea, because this was something Tony needed to make his exile more bearable--he'd put together a playlist for Tony.
perfectly comfortable with the situation.
And at first, he thought he was right. It was a Thursday, which was one of the nights the team, or whatever parts of the team were in New York, had dinner together, and Steve got back in time to shower, change, and show up in the kitchen just as the food was arriving.
"Do you want to know what I was thinking about?" Tony asked. It could have been a non sequitur.
So Tony only sleepwalked when he desperately needed sleep. Well, if his subconscious had decided for some reason that he needed to be in Steve’s bed for that, Steve wasn’t going to fight it.
than that."
"Pretty well," Tony said. "It was mostly about the company--about how Stark Industries has reinvented itself, five years after we got out of the weapons business. But there were a few questions about me." He hesitated. "Or us, anyway."
This wasn't how Steve had ever imagined his first time with Tony. His fantasies, he had to admit, had always been tame enough to have involved a bed.
"No breaking up with me on TV," he said, "even if it is just a local morning show."
"Of course you did. Living a life without Tony Stark must seem so dull. Fortunately, that's not a problem I'm ever going to have. Quite the opposite."
should have talked to Tony by now, but maybe the AI assumed that it was Steve's responsibility to handle that.
He was making an exception tonight, though. The rest of the team could handle the small talk and socializing that would leave a positive impression of the Avengers. Especially since Hulk and Thor were back at the tower; nobody with half a brain would invite Hulk to a formal gala, and Thor had decided to keep him company.
"Unbelievable? Really? I figured my reputation had preceded me."
"Halloween was bad," the other, a tall blonde that Steve was impressed Tony managed not to stare at, added. "She hugged everyone in a Captain America costume, and that was before you came out." She shook her head, smiling.
The specifics, of course, were "Tony's straight" and "Tony's definitely not in love with me," and revealing either of those would mean admitting that he'd been lying all along.
Tony had met him at the airport, like a good fake boyfriend, and when Steve hugged him--for the benefit of anyone watching, and also because he wanted to--Tony mumbled, "I missed you," into Steve's neck, for the benefit of anyone listening.
"Thinking about it isn't the same thing as doing it. So no, this is probably as close as I've ever come to getting married." He shook his head, chuckling softly. "Ridiculous."
It still didn't mean that Tony had meant any of what he'd said or done when they were pretending to be together. But Steve had refused to consider even the possibility that he'd meant any of it, and... that might have been a mistake.
"We'll try to find civilization once the weather improves," Steve said. "Maybe whoever uses this base will come back once the storm's over. There's water and food, and power; we'll be okay until then."
But if Steve made things awkward, then this new, closer friendship might not last, and getting an answer to his questions wasn't worth that risk.
And maybe, Tony thought, that was because Tony had done his usual disappearing act. Steve's message gave them both an out. Steve hadn't asked Tony to come to his quarters, and he hadn't come to Tony's. He'd just had JARVIS pass on the information.
Stop, obviously, and leave the lab, but he didn't know what he'd do
Not that Steve needed that for Tony to be the focus of his attention. "I do," he said, "but I'm not sure how to start the conversation without sounding like an idiot. I've already admitted to being unobservant, or maybe just not curious enough about you."
"Is that what you wanted to hear?" They still weren't touching, though all either of them had to do was move even slightly, and they would be.
"I'll keep that in mind. Thanks," he added, as Tony took the plate and set it down on the table, freeing Steve's hands so he could set down the coffee. "I was getting hungry and thought you might be, too."
"Yeah," Tony said, literally shrugging him off. "What about you, Natasha? You're the only person here who hasn't had an opinion."
If Tony wanted anything from Steve, he was going to have to ask for it.
"You see that well in the dark?" Tony asked skeptically. Now that he was closer, he could see that Steve was right; most of the rear wall wasn't a wall at all, just an opening that led into inky black nothingness.
"I'm not the resident playboy."
"Oh, God, it's like you read my mind."
Steve flushed again. "I can't say I'd have made the same decisions you did," he repeated.
, he didn't want the rest of the team to be able to listen in on.
"No," Steve said firmly. "No. I'll always admire and respect Tony. I'll always be proud to call him my teammate and my friend. But any romantic involvement between the two of us is over. Nobody did anything wrong," he reiterated, because the thought that people might think Tony had hurt him was unacceptable.
"Have I mentioned that you're incredible?" Tony said, his voice hoarse. "I hate that I'm not there. I should have been the one doing that to you. For purely selfish reasons, of course."
Steve sighed. He wasn't sure if he should spell his feelings out more clearly. Tony was smart enough that he should know what Steve was trying to tell him, had been trying to tell him for months. If he wasn't seeing it, it was probably because he didn't want to.
"We thought we'd surprise you! Ned even borrowed his mom's SUV, so we can haul more stuff."
This was a strange way to start the conversation again, though if that was what Tony wanted to talk about, Steve could do that. He didn't really care what they talked about; he just enjoyed spending time with Tony. This kind of aimless conversation made him feel like he and Tony were in the same room, talking to one another from time to time while Steve drew, or painted, or worked on mission reports, and Tony tinkered on something.
Last night, he'd gone to Steve's apartment. He'd been expecting a no--after all, this wasn't on Steve's terms, and Steve did like things to function according to his terms--but Steve had smiled warmly and offered him a beer. They'd sat in Steve's barely-furnished living room and made conversation while they'd drunk their beers. It had been one of the times when Tony let himself believe that they might actually be friends.
Natasha was still studying her maps, but Steve wanted to get up and stretch his legs. A walk in the fresh air--as fresh as you got in the middle of a city, anyway--sounded good; a walk
"Tony," Steve cut in, before Tony got too swept up in his new project. "That isn't actually what I wanted to talk to you about."
"Any drawings of me in there?"
Tony chuckled. "It hasn't really been a hardship."
Steve had intended to repeat a version of the statement Tony had made at the first event; it had become their standard answer to that kind of question.
But Steve wasn't that naive. If Captain America publicly admitted to lying--not to protect someone from a criminal, not to preserve national secrets, but as a
Or perhaps Tony had just been--no, the idea of Tony Stark being nervous was absolutely absurd. Steve was a bit nervous, because he was sure he wasn't going to match up to anyone from Tony's past. He might be Captain America out in the field, but here he was just Steve Rogers, and Steve Rogers wasn't sophisticated or glamorous or anything Tony probably expected from a partner.
For a second, Tony felt sick, because Steve was terrified of him? What kind of a monster did Steve think he was?
He looked like himself; Tony looked like himself as well, or at least like he had the last time Steve had seen him. It had been several weeks now; Tony's hair would be longer, and his beard would be growing out instead of being carefully trimmed. Steve considered the drawing and wondered whether he should make those changes to the drawing, or keep Tony looking like he did in Steve's mind's eye.
Steve collapsed against his pillows, panting harshly. "That was unbelievable," he said.
Tony had halfway expected Clint to crack a joke about it, but instead, he just set his cup down and said, "Aw, man, that sucks. I'm sorry."
But now Steve was giving him a long, measured look, and saying, "You know, back in my day--" and Tony was going to kill him, he was, he didn't want to hear how everything was better before the invention of the microchip, not when he was probably going to die on some godforsaken planet with no company other than Steve Rogers.
And if Steve carried him upstairs last night, was it better or worse that Tony couldn't remember it?
"Because I was worried about you," Steve said again. "Because I was too stunned to move," he admitted. "And also, because running away wasn't going to change what I saw."
"I am so sorry," one of the women said. She was somewhere between Steve and Tony in age, with short hair and deep brown skin. She was also visibly pregnant; Steve couldn't imagine how exhausted she must be walking around in this heat. "We've been trying to teach her not to do that, but..."
Maybe all that would stop now, if they were so disgusted by the idea that Steve was involved with a man. Maybe they'd find someone else to serve as their poster boy for all the causes that had made Steve angry in the forties. They disgusted him even more now, when people had had so many decades to learn better.
Steve didn't remember that, either. But then he looked more closely at the background. Wasn't that... yes, it was. That was last month, out on Long Island, when they'd had to stop that guy who had somehow managed to create a dinosaur army. (Well, six dinosaurs. When they were about fifteen tons of angry lizard each, six was an army.)
"More evidence for our supposed romance?" Tony said, draining his coffee cup and getting up.
But "better" would mean they had Tony back. At least they were doing everything they could do to make that happen. There was a Stark Industries scientist, a Dr. Jane Foster, permanently on loan to the Avengers right now, addressing that particular problem.
Honesty compelled him to add, "And not always."
The drawings he'd done of Tony weren't graphic. They weren't even nudes. Steve didn't want to draw Tony without seeing the real thing. Not quick glimpses as they hit the showers after training, but a chance to really take in all the details.
"I knew it."
"I thought we could use another pair of hands," Steve said, with an innocent expression that might have fooled someone who wasn't Tony. "I didn't know the kids were going to show up."
"So what's the problem? You can't stay focused on punching people twenty-four/seven. Not even you. You're allowed to have something else in your life." Tony's voice softened. "You're allowed to be a person, Steve. To want things other than the Avengers. To care about things other than being Captain America." He sighed. "
"I don't want to break you," Steve said, and that was a lie, too, because he leaned in and kissed Tony then, slow and careful, exploring rather than claiming, and Tony could feel himself coming apart at the seams.
"I have no idea what they're doing here," Steve said.
But Tony had convinced him that he needed to do one interview, at least, and so Steve had picked a local morning show. He knew clips from it would be aired elsewhere, and that was fine, but he was a New Yorker, and it was New York he wanted to talk to.
And while it was still miserably hot at the zoo, they both agreed that they were really going to put on a performance while they were there, which meant walking hand-in-hand. It didn't stop them from bickering, though.
Right now, though, Tony didn't show any signs of getting distracted. He wasn't even talking, thought he wasn't quiet, either; Steve's mouth on his muffled his whines and gasps so that no one outside the elevator would have been able to hear them, but Steve could still savor every one of them.
"Another canceled speaking engagement?" Natasha asked, looking away from the maps JARVIS was projecting for her for a moment. Steve didn't know anything about them--he'd never even heard of Bagalia, though geography hadn't been his best subject in school--so it was probably a SHIELD mission, not anything for the team.
Now Tony pulled his arm back. Not quickly or dramatically, just withdrawing enough that Steve was no longer touching him.
"You never sound like you believe that," Tony said. "It's always 'back in my day… '"
"It's not your birthday," Steve said, as he reached down between his legs. "But if you're back here in time, I'll do it again for you then."
“It’s the middle of the night,” Steve grumbled. “What does Tony want, if there’s no emergency?”
"You're always fussing over me," Tony said; it didn't really sound like a complaint. "Bringing me dinner, even if you did drop it on the floor. Nagging me to leave the lab and get some sleep. Now this." He folded his arms on the table and rested his head on them. "A guy could start getting ideas."
"We're here, Bruce," Steve called. "We're safe for the moment," he added, "but do you think you can bring us home?"
"I'm really not," Tony agreed. "Which is why I'm letting you drag me into an elevator, instead of me dragging you onto the hood of a car."
Tony was apparently planning to stay a while, since not only did he have a mug of coffee for himself, but he'd also brought one for Steve.
Tony wanted to know what was back there, too, but he wasn't going to give Steve the satisfaction of letting him know he'd had a good idea. Childish? Maybe.
"You thinking about anything in particular?"
heard, and he wasn't going to pretend he hadn't. "Wasn't that supposed to be the point? We didn't want to put up a big act that we couldn't keep up without a lot of effort." And Steve hadn't had a lot of problem pretending to be someone in love with Tony. That was how he normally acted.
Tony saved him. "How grand I am?"
Tony had been in love with him then.
"You'd better make it work," Steve said. "We have plans."
This particular set of circumstances were
Steve almost wished he wasn't trying this hard.
"Have you seen anything we can use to pass the time?" Steve asked. "I know we can't read any books they left, but there might be something like a pack of cards. If we can't adapt them to match a standard deck, we could probably make something up."
Steve took both cups and went to the kitchen. There was a station just inside the doorway that held a coffee maker, an electric kettle for anyone who preferred tea, and a small refrigerator for cream and milk. The catering staff usually put some snacks in that area, too. Today there was a bowl of fruit and a plastic-covered tray of some kind of muffins.
Not that Steve would be having fun if he were in Tony’s place, because apparently, Tony’s decided that the best way to distract the guy is to flirt with him. Steve would never be able to pull that off.
"That's a definite benefit to the modern era."
It hadn't been Steve's plan. Steve had been thinking about how good it would be to spend some time alone, where no one expected him to be half of a couple.
"There's where I have to disagree with you," Tony said. "They're going to be
But if Tony wanted to think of this as another potential photo opportunity, Steve wasn't going to stop him. It'd probably make things easier, in the long run, than for Steve to try to explain.
He could have called Tony simply because Tony was his friend, and Tony probably would have made the time to talk to him. On speakerphone, probably, while he worked, but that would have made it even more like Steve was right there with him.
, all over the city who would be happy to relieve your 'boredom,'" he corrected himself, because given what Tony had been doing, Steve couldn't assume that Tony only took women to bed.
"I'll be more careful," Steve promised, and no, the last thing Tony wanted was for Steve to be careful.
--men I've ever known, and he isn't to blame. I'm the one who ended things between us, and it wasn't because Tony lied to me, or cheated on me, or whatever it is that you're imagining he did."
"We Googled the address," MJ said.
Steve shook his head. "No, it means that after that point, we might discuss it. But that's a conversation that we'd prefer to have privately, not in front of a crowd."
"If you're hating it, and I'm hating it, then why don't we just not have it, and say we did?" Tony's smile looked a little frayed around the edges.
He might have punched the Serpent Society a little harder than was strictly necessary, for cutting that conversation off too early.
"I know you wouldn't," Tony said. "Probably not even if I asked you to," he added flippantly, "but the point is… I like that thought. I like, um. Thinking about how strong you are, how powerful you are, how in control of all of that you are."
His cock throbbed, aching for attention, but Steve didn't go back to stroking it; he just lay still, letting Tony's words wash over him, thinking about Tony's fingers deep inside him.
Just because Steve wished it was more than that didn't mean Steve didn't value what he'd had. Even if he'd alienated Tony by ending the charade on live TV without even consulting Tony first.
"What do you need?" Tony went on.
God, Tony thought, he must have been the world's biggest jackass last night. Hopefully, one of the others would be able to tell him about it, because it looked like he might owe Steve a more specific apology.
Of course, if Steve hadn't been sitting with him the whole evening, he wouldn't have had to get that drunk.
That had been a year ago; Tony didn't even know what to call it now.
Steve thought back over the fight. "Not really," he admitted.
Steve folded up the soiled blankets on the bed they'd used, so that nobody inadvertently slept on them, and then sat on one of the other beds.
“I wasn’t jealous,” Steve protests.
Tony was doing this to annoy bigots and to help Steve out. He wasn't going to enjoy this; it was a favor. That was obvious from the way Tony hadn't scheduled half a dozen interviews when they'd broken the news. He'd let Steve do all the talking for them, because this was Steve's plan, and Tony was just along for the ride.
"He's famous for being neurotic and depressed," Tony argued. "And really, if I were stuck in Central Park I'd be neurotic too."
It might be a faint hope, but he was hoping that he wasn't the only one.
Steve took Mandy back from her mother, and they both smiled for the camera, with Mandy's arms twined around his neck and her head resting against his cheek.
Sometime during his speech, Tony had come to stand beside him and taken his hand. It felt right to raise their hands up in the air at the end of it, and then turn to Tony and kiss him, there on stage.
But there'd been such fondness in the way the man had looked at his companion and shrugged slightly, and Steve had felt an echoing fondness for Tony welling up in him. This place helped make Tony who he was, and even though it meant nothing to Steve personally, he loved it, because he loved Tony.
Tony had been in his workshop for several days straight--Steve didn’t even know what he was working
It was going to be hard to come up with a statement for PR, even knowing that one of their social media experts would take what Steve said and craft it into something a little more eloquent.
That didn't feel satisfying, either, though. Maybe they should come clean.
Even that might have been too much, because Tony turned to look out the window. "Great," he said, but there was a note of tension in his voice that made Steve wish he'd said no.
The organizers had arranged a Q&A session afterward, because they knew a lot of people would have come just to hear Steve and Tony talk. Not that they didn't sincerely support the cause, but that was what actually got them to show up here.
"That's what you have me for." Steve regretted the words as soon as they were out. Tony probably wanted his workshop, or at least the chance to talk to someone like Sam, or Bruce, or even Reed. Someone who was on his wavelength, who could talk to him about science and physics and their plans for getting him back to their dimension.
"Yeah," Steve said softly. He wanted Tony to have company, but he'd specifically wanted to be that company. And he'd specifically put music from the thirties and forties on that playlist because even though he knew that Tony wouldn't really like it, he'd think about Steve.
"It's not an emergency," Tony said, and then stuck his foot in the doorway so that Steve couldn't close it on him. "But if I put this off, it's going to make it a lot easier for you to avoid me, because you know I'm looking for you. So let's not do that."
That, at least, got Tony to stop ranting about an actor Steve had never even heard of so he could stare open-mouthed at Steve for a few seconds. "I can't believe you just said that."
But he was still never getting that drunk again, because he had a feeling there were going to be a lot of moments in his future that he wouldn't want to forget.
"I can get home by myself," he said. "The driver can find Avengers Tower, JARVIS will make sure I get to the right room, it'll be fine."
, though he might have picked up a copy if he saw Tony's face on the cover. That was how he'd started reading some popular science and technology-themed publications: wanting to understand his teammate better.
"So what's the problem? Feel free to bounce ideas off me, Cap. It's not like I have anything else to do."
"My God," Tony breathed. "You're actually doing it."
“I was just here to pass the hors d’oeuvres,” Steve adds, and maybe the inanity of it does the trick, because the agent in charge nods, and a few minutes later, they’re alone in the lobby.
Steve frowned. "Why not?" He'd been under the impression that all of Tony's talk about wanting to avoid complications hadn't really been relevant to
It’s another twenty minutes before the phone in Steve’s pocket buzzes, and he ducks into the kitchen to check it.
And then he wasn't thinking at all; his brain was nothing but bright light, electricity arcing through him as he came, splattering his stomach and the hem of his shirt with come as he called Tony's name, louder than he'd intended to.
Once the door was locked, Steve turned his attention back to Tony. "Yes."
So Tony opened his eyes again, made himself look directly at Steve as Steve's cock pushed into him. There was a moment when he couldn't stop his eyelids from fluttering closed, as he breathed slowly and shallowly until he adjusted to the feeling of fullness (he was fine, but Steve was
Tony noticed now that Steve had a paintbrush in his hand. "Sorry about that," he said. "This won't take long."
“What’s wrong? Give me a minute to suit up, and--”
To distract himself, Steve finished the quick sketch of cartoon-him sitting on his cartoon bed, adding details to his cartoon sketchbook, then turned his attention to the other side of the page.
And at the moment, he could hear somebody moving around out in the living room.
Tony recognized that attitude; he'd seen it in a lot of students over the years. That was "I actually have my license
"I missed you, too," Steve said, because he wanted to.
Steve sometimes found it a little embarrassing how quickly his body reacted to stimuli, ever since Project Rebirth--though at least he had a lot more control over himself than he had in the first few days after the serum--but today, he couldn't be bothered. First of all, this wasn't a few minutes of kissing; this was the culmination of months of being driven slowly out of his mind by Tony.
Steve got the hell out of his lab, and was incredibly grateful that Fury contacted him about a STRIKE mission that afternoon. Steve was on his way to DC by dinnertime.
It seemed like the wrong moment for anything resembling an emotional declaration, but maybe that would make it easier for Tony to ignore, if that was what he wanted.
“Wait a moment longer.”
Fury shook his head in the universal gesture of disbelief. "All of this for Stark?"
"Hmm?" was the drowsy response.
Tony could feel Bruce’s amusement from the opposite side of the table. He blessed his science bro with a quick grimace before looking back to Thor. “Patience isn’t my forte.”
As the car sped off into traffic, Tony couldn't help but wonder if he smelled like the ocean breeze too.
The wolf shuffled at his feet, its head leaning against Tony’s thigh lending warmth and comfort. Could it read minds too? Or maybe he was just
“Ah,” Thor said before Tony could question him. “I see I have made an egregious error.”
“My name is Tony,” he told Steve. “I feel like you should know that if you’re gonna keep mother henning me.”
Tony took a step forward and stopped, breath pushing through gritted teeth. Steve's concern flared back to life.
"Nope!" she replied enthusiastically. How or where she had seen it, Steve would never know. But she had been so adamant that Tony would enjoy the "sugary sprinkley goodness" that Steve couldn't deny her.
Side note: as always I am my own beta so if there are any terribly noticeable mistakes, please let me know!
With nearly anyone else, the quiet would have driven Tony to ramble about his latest obsession (clouds weigh a million pounds – 5,000 tons! – and yet somehow no one had ever attempted to harness all that potential). But in recent months, Steve’s presence had morphed from something anxiety inducing to something he could linger in. The wolf beside him offered that same sense of acceptance, which made it easy to just stare at the numbers ticking each floor they passed.
“I’ve run a preliminary scan, but it seems the solution does not exist within my databases. My servers would require a minimum of two hours to delve further,” Jarvis intoned.
"Night, Tony. Thank you."
Steve ignored the jab, instead moving Tony toward the nearest exit. Each step felt a Herculean effort if the strain on Tony's face was anything to go by. Steve's logical side started to think this was more than "just a scratch" as Tony had claimed.
Tony’s eyes widened as his mind whirled. No, he vehemently reminded himself, this is just that wayward warlock magic. Steve only missed him because his mind couldn’t handle being away from Tony for extended periods of time. Besides, the longer the spell stayed in place there was no telling if it gained potency.
Steve followed Tony’s gaze and laughed himself. “Someday I’ll convince her I’m not as lost in the past as she thinks.”
"Hey there, sleepyhead. Happy birthday."
"Up you get."
Steve leaned against the wall opposite Tony, energy drained from him like a faucet left on too long, subconsciously mirroring Tony's position. "Because I'm an idiot." He paused, looking off to the side before adding, "And I'm in love with you."
Of the five dishes Steve had attempted, even with the online recipes JARVIS had kindly provided, only two had survived. The turkey had been an utter failure -- what
"Who's TJ?" Steve inquired curiously. Though, to be fair, all of Steve inquires were based in curiosity.
“It’s forced rhyme, J. It’s a thing. Rappers do it all the time.”
"Cap? Rogers? Steve."
The second time Tony opened his eyes, Steve was quietly slipping out of bed.
"Sir, you may desire to check the risotto."
– when would that ever feel normal? – stood from his position beside Tony and cautiously approached Clint. A terse silence fell as the other men watched the interaction play out. Clint squatted down to put himself at eye level, one hand peacefully outstretched in offering. Evidently, they all went to default dog protocols around Steve. Tony wondered idly if it was seen as submission or a threat in the wolf’s eyes.
"I hope so." The god looked at the smoldering remains of Toaster Strudel lying on the counter beside the smoking toaster and sighed. "I should have found sustenance elsewhere."
"I guess that's unsalvageable," Steve muttered morosely as he dumped the blackened goo into the trash can.
"I'll get it," Tony volunteered when the kettle began whistling and the coffee pot beeped. Steve stood as well, something Tony still wasn't quite used to even after a full hour of being the man's center of attention. He walked a full step ahead of Tony, all senses on full alert as if some unidentified threat lurked invisibly around every corner. Like Jarvis would let such a threat exist within their home in the first place. But Tony bit back a sigh and let the man do his thing. At least Steve could help him carry drinks.
Peter shifted from foot to foot as Morgan bounced in place.
It was nice, just spending time with Steve minus impending doom, talking team strategies, or withstanding an upbraiding debrief from Fury. This was something Tony could get used to. Hypothetically.
Rhodes went straight to Tony, his eyes wide and his mouth set in a tight line. Steve knew the combination well from years of growing up under his mother’s watchful eye: worry and concern marred by affectionate annoyance.
tour, had Steve on edge. He'd never felt comfortable schmoozing with politicians and people wealthy enough to pay their way into influential social circles. Seventy years in the ice and a handful of years in the 21st century hadn't changed that fact.
like being able to make a difference, to have a positive impact on communities across the country; to put his name and money where his mouth was by donating to charities, visiting children’s hospitals to brighten up someone’s day, and speaking at well-meaning fundraiser events. He didn’t like the fact these events took him away from Tony, liked it even less when the business trips were overlapping Tony’s own, making it so that they ended up on opposite sides of the continent. Like right now, with Tony promoting a new product launch for S.I. while Steve was holed up in Boston for a handful of university commencement speeches.
As if he could read Tony’s mind, Steve-wolf lifted his head and growled. Okay, no treats then.
Update prior to posting: When I started on this chapter months ago, I was taking care of my mom.  She passed in June. I just didn’t have it in me to do much of anything. I’ve been trying to push myself into working on this a little at a time over the past few months and have finally gotten this out. Hope you all enjoy some crack-y fluff with little to no plot.
“Of course, my apologies. The man every person wants the ear of, a man world renowned for his innovations, a man who really needs no introduction even though I’m required to give him one, the one and only Tony Stark.”
“What’s up, Buttercup?” Tony asks, casually tossing his suit jacket in the direction of the unoccupied kitchen chair (the other chair has his winter coat tossed on top).
Steve grinned softly in return, unable to resist the sight of his sweet children looking so excited in their dinosaur (Peter) and cloud (Morgan) pajamas. Hopefully Tony had forgotten all about the hushed planning session he had walked in on a few days ago.
Steve may have an irrational attachment to this ratty Boston apartment, as Tony had pointed out on multiple occasions, but something about the view over South Boston gave him a happy nostalgia of growing up, sitting here in a neighborhood filled to the brim with Irish tradition. Now he’s glad he held onto it after that fateful mission decades ago, where SHIELD had needed him undercover to fish out rumors regarding an underground trafficking ring. Because right now, sitting on his IKEA couch with a name he can’t pronounce and clutching his laptop, watching the sun turning toward the horizon through his tiny glass window, Steve has never felt more at home. Well, that’s not really true. There are other places, other faces, that provide him the same sense of warmth and familiarity. Bucky’s studio, back when the two of them kept each other warm on long winter nights passing a bottle of cheap whiskey back and forth, words pouring from their lips like flames of a nonexistent fireplace. The tower, after a few months of settling in, had been domesticity and friendship and bad jokes and walking in on Clint hiding from Natasha’s wrath in the vents too many times to count. Eventually any room that held Tony proved to be home.
he could hear the mental image of Bucky that lingered in the back of his head teasing him.
“Well –”
“One final question, if I may.”
"Wait! Hey! Stop! You can't just leave!"
Steve grinned, the edges of it crinkling the corners of his eyes. They gleamed a beautiful blue in the dim light filtering in from outside the tower. “I appreciate your concern,” he assured Tony.
He reached out to take Steve's hand. Steve let himself be led from the room while Tony called out, "Cut the music, J."
Everyone minus Steve gave him a look. Tony looked between each face and sighed. "We thank you, friend, and wish you the best of luck with your journey. May the gods be with you."
Tony, in another unbelievable occurrence, was struck speechless.
He moved to his feet and followed the sound, happy to see a man in the resort's uniform pushing around a maintenance cart. He's saved!
Tony lifted the lid from the dish, revealing a mound of alfredo pasta. The sauce dripped down the sides in a goopy, viscous waterfall. He grabbed a clean fork for himself and handed Steve one as well. “Dig in, Cap.”
“That’s not reassuring either,” Tony muttered. He turned to Steve. “I can’t make you not take this, Steve, but I would personally feel a hell of a lot better if I could look into it first. What d’ya think?”
“Honey, I’m home!”
Thor intercepted before Tony could fully step into the disaster zone.
"Anthony, you left so quickly I nearly missed you." Because apparently they were on a first-name basis now. Tony should have paid more attention when Pepper gave him the initial rundown. Not knowing the Brit's last name made it tough to be professionally formal enough to give the guy a hint. Mainly that Tony did not enjoy his company and would rather be on a deserted island with a coconut phone.
Tony thought about arguing, but that was going to come perilously close to explaining the full situation to Steve, and he didn't want that. "Be there in just a minute," he said, and while Steve went off to see if he could locate some food, Tony finished his drink and ordered another.
Instead of answering, Steve cast an eye over the array of items on the table. Most of it was bits and pieces of circuitry, screws, tools, and the usual debris Steve saw in Tony's workshop, but off to one side, he spotted what he'd known must have been there.
Marian, the emcee, nudged her partner with her elbow. "Ah, young love," she said. "We were like that once, weren't we, Kate?"
The man caught Steve's eye and gave him a rueful grin. Steve smiled back in solidarity, and then caught himself.
Now Steve laughed out loud. "I'm afraid not," he said. Then, because it would make Tony laugh again, he said, "Not yet, anyway."
"In that case, we'll keep trying," Steve said firmly. "Also, I don't believe in waiting," he added. He'd never actually told Peggy he loved her. He thought she'd known, but it had always seemed like the wrong time for the actual words, and then it was too late.
"Steve, I swear, I will give you a picture you can look at any time you want if you'll just do something," Tony ground out through gritted teeth.
Tony's words were muffled; all Steve could make out for sure was "...way...you think," which he was going to assume was part of a compliment, because Tony was licking his palm, a lot slower and more thoroughly than he really needed to.
Due to the nature of dimensional travel, they'd actually been gone three days here, but three days wasn't too bad. He'd skipped out on his life for three days for worse reasons before.
And for the entire country, it was at least a possibility, something they could fight for.
"I'd love to," Steve said, and Tony's answering smile felt so real that it broke Steve's heart.
He couldn't really argue with the choice of restaurant; it was the kind of place a man like Tony would take his dates,. Besides, it was exclusive enough and discreet enough that it wouldn't turn into a circus the minute someone realized that Captain America and Iron Man were here on their first date since they came out.
“Your eyes. I would have bet they’d turned green from jealousy by now.”
"I don't think they'll be expecting to see us again," Tony pointed out. "At least not together."
Steve thought about Tony dancing with handsome, well-dressed men in glitzy nightclubs; Tony arguing with glasses-wearing, impatient scientists at academic conferences; about mouths and hands and cocks, all dedicated to wringing the same breathy whimpers out of Tony that Steve heard with every thrust and twist of Steve's fingers inside him.
Steve’s first thought was,
Then Tony had fallen silent for a minute or so. He did that sometimes, especially in the last few weeks, since he and Steve had admitted their feelings to one another. Steve didn't think talking about his feelings came any easier to Tony than it did to Steve.
"I figured this--unless I'm completely misreading things, and I don't think I am--was the kind of thing people didn't talk about in public back in your time."
Steve did stand for a lot of old-fashioned values, just not the same ones they were talking about.
"The right kind of complicated," Tony said, pushing back against Steve's fingers. "If you weren't so incredibly annoying, I'd have to worry that you were an LMD or something instead of the real you."
"I don't want to hurt you," Steve said, his head dipping down to kiss the thumbprint on his right shoulder, near his neck.
"But definitely not human," Steve said. "I don't know where we are, but this isn't Earth."
been too subtle for
"Yeah," Tony said quietly. "Same here."
"I don't want to go anywhere that's too trendy," Steve said.
"Yeah, me too," Tony said. "You might have noticed that by how much I hated it when we stopped pretending to date."
Somehow, someone had gotten past tower security, past JARVIS, past those doors, and past Tony himself. Steve wasn't going to stand around arguing with Tony's AI about what to do next.
He'd been serious about wanting to expand Tony's musical horizons, but also, he couldn't resist that.
"Does that mean that as soon as the entire country has marriage equality, you'll be getting married?"
Maybe Tony had the right idea about clearing their calendars for tomorrow as well as today. Steve wouldn't mind being able to spend as much time as he wanted just kissing Tony, gentle and lazy, without any further goal than that.
They'd talked about just about everything else under the sun: the new training program; the black eye and assortment of bandages Clint had come back from his mission with (Natasha just smiled and said "Ask Clint," when anyone asked her about them, and Clint told anyone who took her advice to go to hell, so there was obviously a story there); the closure of the team's favorite Thai place; whether the catering staff should keep bringing bran muffins even though nobody but Steve was willing to eat them, and even he didn't like them.
“I cannot believe I’m saying this, but here goes nothing: Steve, fetch.”
Tony squinted at the dish, mostly likely realizing he was
steve is so cute and i love him
Each step felt like a miniature earthquake inside his muscles, but eventually they reached the top of the stairwell with no surprise AIM agent interactions. Tony huffed and slid to the ground, sluggishly reaching out to trigger the emergency signal hidden inside the seam of Steve's suit. He would have used his own, but the armor had been so terribly damaged it would have been moot anyway.
. “Hey there, big fella. What beautifully menacing eyes you have. Okay, look. I’m going to slowly get out of bed and you’re going to resist the compulsion to eat me. Sound good?”
"Thanks."
The man scoffed, but Steve could see a twitch of his lips that implied laughter more than derision. “If it helps, that doesn’t make it hurt any less.”
Tony turned toward the boy, addressing him and essentially ignoring Gregory's presence altogether. "Yes?"
Steve: I agree Bruce.
sending love and positivity to everyone in these weird times <3
Steve looked like he'd rather crawl into a volcano than repeat himself. But then that stubborn look of determination Tony knew and loved stole over his features. "I need to share your bed with you."
Tony smiled up at his son, eyes sparkling with pride.
Tony sighed, hands automatically raising to rub at his temples. “Barton. Go away.”
"The name's Tony, Tony Stark."
Tony shook his head to clear his mind, then quickly switched to nodding in case Steve took it to mean he
Steve took up his knife and fork and cut a piece of pork chop for himself. “Apparently I need to lead by example.” He brought the morsel to his mouth and slid it off the tines of the fork. It took a moment to chew, though he did his best to hide any potential grimace from appearing on his face. “There. See? Perfectly fine.”
because of a reckless impulse of Steve's part. He could have lost
Tony greeted Pepper with his usual apologetic smile, garnering her usual eye roll in return, as he took his seat at the table mid-conference. She should really just let him Skype in at meetings. Everything would be less stressful for everyone involved. But, alas, that dream was not meant to be.
“I hate when they do that,” he muttered. He looked over to the wolf, laying with its head splayed atop the practice shield. It met Tony’s eyes and held a placid stare. “Guess it’s just you and me, huh? Want to play some more? Are you hungry?”
Steve’s reply came through seconds later.
"Shall I inform him his worries are unfounded?" Jarvis inquired politely, a hint of pure mirth tangible in his tone.
"Yes, Morgan?"
“Are you – is that – Jarvis, why is there a
"What was that about bed sharing?"
Tony physically shook himself. Nope, this was neither the time nor the place for those thoughts. Sighing once again, he got out of bed and wandered into his bathroom ensuite. He went to the vanity, planning on brushing chocolate remnants out of his teeth. His eyes landed on the counter, where two toothbrushes sat innocently. He had forgotten Steve cleaned up here that morning. Did that truly happen less than twenty-four hours ago? There was no escaping Steve.
“I wouldn’t dream of it, sir.”
“Yeah,” Tony breathed. “I’m – I’m glad I could help, Cap.”
Tony pushed away from his bank of computers, spinning his chair idly in the empty space. His foot knocked over an errant can of compressed air when he stopped abruptly at the sound of footsteps. He glanced toward the doorway to see Steve in his usual sleepshirt and loose sweatpants. The man’s eyes were bright as ever, but Tony could read the hope in them as easily as he could read HTML coding.
“No. I – I don’t want to make a big thing out of it,” Steve said decisively. “Thanks though. For offering the choice. Don’t always get many of those.”
" again, knowing that Tony's memory was good enough that he'd recognize it.
But instead, Tony had made an attachment for the armor, had essentially created a machine to--
"So, does that mean we can expect an exciting announcement from the two of you soon?" she'd asked.
"I don't think so." Steve went over to fuss with the easel, turning it so that Tony couldn't see what he'd been painting. Not that he'd been trying, of course. "You made it clear that everything you said and did last night was purely because you were drunk, and that it wouldn't be repeated. That's not all that open to misinterpretation."
Steve shifted position on the bed, leaning back on the pillows propped against his headboard. He stretched his legs out, wondering if he should get up and undress. He decided against it, for now, but he undid the button of his pants, tugging the zipper down slightly. If he needed to undress further, later, he could.
He hated having to tell someone, anyone, about the nightmares. The whole point of him going into the ice was that it was a willing sacrifice, right? That was why he wasn't just some idiot, he was Captain America. He did what he had to do to save lives.
It was what he'd been thinking ever since, though, so it was only a very small lie.
"No," Steve said again, because he didn't know what else to say. People who had had telephones, back in the thirties, had tended to only have one--unless, he supposed, they were very rich, but he'd never been in the home of anyone that wealthy--and they put it in a public area, like the living room or the kitchen.
Steve wonders what the doorman is going to think, seeing Tony Stark being dragged out of the building by someone dressed as a waiter, but Tony’s grinning at him and still complaining about his terrible luck in having to go home all alone, so he doesn’t much care.
The frown deepened. "I talk to you all the time," he said. "Not lately, because you've been in Uruguay, but that's hardly my fault."
"Then don't," Steve said immediately. "Let me hear you." He closed his eyes again and focused on the sounds Tony was making; some of them might not have been audible if the serum hadn't improved his hearing, and that would have been a shame. Those almost-silent gasps, the slide of Tony's hand over his skin? Steve would hate to have missed those.
Steve would probably want to wear a suit and tie to a lot of places where Tony wouldn't; he sometimes still had trouble adjusting to how casual people's clothing choices were in the twenty-first century.
Steve froze. "You didn't want me to?"
"Since you're not, though," he went on, "I guess I'm going to have to take care of things myself."
Tony shook his head. "He noticed," he said, drinking more coffee and avoiding meeting Clint's eyes. "That's why he didn't come with us today. He noticed, and he didn't brush it off as just 'Tony's a very friendly drunk.'"
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Okay, it's not her, so don't jump to conclusions, okay?" When Steve nodded, he went on. "Natasha's a beautiful woman, right?"
Okay, that was the opposite of smooth, but he wasn't going to call it a date, not in the middle of this conversation-- "then why did he make breakfast for me this morning? Making sure I was safely in bed, last night, sure, that sounds like the kind of thing he'd do for anybody, even someone who'd just been an asshole at him. I mean, he was willing to help Doom."
"Absolutely," Bruce said with the kind of confidence that, from Tony, could have meant that he was bullshitting. Bruce wasn't Tony, though, so maybe it was the truth. "We just didn't want to waste energy on a larger portal until we were sure we had you."
But interspersed with those comments were others that weren't so encouraging.
“I’m not planning to tell them,” he promised.
Tony hadn't said a word; it was a good, if odd, feeling to know that he'd left Tony Stark speechless.
Nothing could go wrong.
"There are some of you," Steve admitted. Those weren't the reason for the "personal" warning on the first page, though.
"It's not," Steve said. "I know there are…" Tony was sure to think his hesitation was from prudishness, and truth be told, he'd given Tony a lot of evidence for that theory tonight. But that wasn't Steve's problem.
"Let me worry about that, okay? It's not going to be a problem. Our only concern now is coming up with our story. People are going to want to know all the details of how we got together."
So much for honesty.
"Oh, no," Tony said. "I told you I'd show up to support you at events, at least until we call this whole thing off. I'll be there."
"I see what you mean," Steve said. "So that explains why you're over here, but there's no reason you should have to sit here alone with nothing to do but drink." He put a hand on Tony's arm. "There's an empty table right there. Come on, let's go and sit down. I'll see if I can snag us some hors d'oeuvres. You need something to soak up the alcohol."
