His scowl deepened to the point that he was sure something near him would die, but nothing did.
He swallowed hard and shrugged. “I’ve dealt with it for the past six years, what’s one more, right?”
would always be one of Cas’ favorites, but he was practically bursting at the seams for the second encore so he barely paid attention.
For about a week, Castiel had been trying to keep track of how far they’d gone. Counting steps and estimating distance had been a distraction for him when he and Dean would fall into silence as they walked. They’d exhausted just about every topic of conversation that either of them could come up with, and Cass was sure he knew everything there was to know about Dean Winchester. But this Dean… this Dean was different. He was relentless and hard, more concerned with survival and finding the portal than just about anything else. Castiel supposed he understood that, but some small part of him wished that just for a day, they could relax. Even an hour, really. Just an hour where they could be themselves, unburdened by Purgatory or the weight they’d put on themselves to rescue not only each other, but the tributes of years past. He hadn’t seen Dean smile in what felt like months, and he wasn’t sure if his own facial muscles even remembered how to pull such a thing off.
And he did consider it. A summer away from his dad sounded too good to be true. He smiled widely and kissed her again, just as Finnick Odair opened the compartment door and made a very disgusted noise when he saw them. “Oy! Get a room, you two, other people have to share this train too.” He walked over and shimmied himself between them, then looked over at Lisa and winked, clicking his tongue. “Hey Braeden, you miss me?”
“I don’t know, Dean. We got split up when we got here, and I haven’t found anyone else yet. You’re the first human I’ve seen.” Prim hugged herself and Dean couldn’t help but notice how much she reminded him of Rue.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m not goin’ to the Roadhouse, El’s on vacation this week and I don’t think I can deal with Jo tonight. Y’know, this shit would be a lot easier if you hadn’t moved to fuckin’ Canada.”
a lot either. It’s been me, Sammy and Bobby pretty much since I was four.”
Jessica nodded. “You’re not wrong.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed immediately. “You mean you’re going to get
Dean hesitated and started to shake his head, but then stopped. “How many Hufflepuffs call me The Boy Who Cried?”
believe it. After everything Finnick had survived, had fought through? No, this couldn’t be true. But he could hear in Prim’s voice that it was. He knew, by all accounts, that technically all twelve of them should be dead and that he should be thankful that ten had survived, but Finnick? Dean was heartbroken all over again, and not just for his own loss, but for Sam’s and Cass’s and poor Annie Cresta’s.
at the legs on his lap. “What the --” He picked up both of Finn’s legs and used them as an excuse to scoot closer to Cass, setting the legs down on the seat to his other side.
Castiel looked at her, but for some reason couldn’t bring himself to smile. He shifted his eyes to Dean, scanning his face for any indication on what just happened and what it was that appeared out of his wand.
He’d be entering into his seventh year and it was insane to think about everything he’d been through since starting there and receiving his letter.
Prim raised her eyebrows. “Dean, it’s been like a year and a half for you. I’ve been here for… I’m working on month three I think, which is probably more like six out there, so…”
But honestly? He missed the freedom of being alone. Most of the time, he just wanted to crash on the couch after a long shift with a half-eaten box of pizza on his lap and his hand in his pants. Having a girlfriend - or boyfriend, for that matter - complicates that very simple little mission. He was tired down to his bones.
His eyes widened at the words, and he glanced at the analog clock hanging over his stove. It was half past two in the morning, and he’d only had the profile for roughly five hours.
“I wasn’t asking about me, Dean.” He chuckled, watching him. “I was trying to confirm if my dream was true, that’s all.”
“So let me learn.” His voice was so quiet that Dean wasn’t sure he heard him right.
He turned, stopping in his tracks. “What? You decide you wanna say somethin’ too? About how the great, confident Dean Winchester cried like a fucking bitch? About how I don’t have a single fucking happy memory, and how everyone fucking knows it now?” He was angry, angry at so many things. Castiel wasn’t necessarily one of them, but he was there. He was there and stupid enough not to walk away, so Dean didn’t apologize.
Castiel gripped the back of Dean’s jacket, burying his face in Dean’s neck. “Please don’t die, okay? I- I need you more than anything else. My grandma, my dad, Rue, my mom might as well be dead, I can’t lose you too. Please don’t let me lose you too.”
Castiel shifted on his feet and kept his eyes down, blinking quickly as if he was trying to fight tears. “I…” he paused for a long moment and then nodded once. “If that’s what you want, I’ll do it. I don’t like it and I’m-” the tears were definitely falling now, “I’m so fucking scared but if that’s what you want…” he swallowed hard. “I’ll do it.”
Ten minutes? How long was he inside of his own head? Sure enough, there was a bottle of water sitting on the counter in front of him. He hated water, preferred just about anything to drink
That was six years ago, and Sammy climbed the ladder faster than Dean thought possible. He was about to become the youngest name partner in recent memory in any law firm on the west coast, and he’d paid Dean back in spades.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took an almost unreasonably long time for Sam and the others to quiet down and return to their seats. He was elated, and so proud of his brother for not only staying alive long enough to get out, but also having the wherewithal to actually find the portal after losing Cass. He knew Dean would be a mess when he came back, especially once he found out about Finnick, but it didn’t matter. Dean didn’t die. Dean’s life didn’t end in Purgatory, despite everything that Flickerman and Crane and Voldemort threw at him. His brother made it through it all.
Dean sat up again, looking down at him with an expression laced with confusion and concern. “What the hell are you talkin’ about, Cass?”
Prim blinked a couple of times and then made her way over to him, and he dropped his shield. “Dean? I thought for sure you would have found your way out by now.”
Castiel turned slowly, his eyes narrowing. “What do you mean, Finnick’s fine.”
Dean kinda thought getting fucked ‘properly’ meant cutting out the bullshit foreplay and just doing the damn thing, but the words died on his tongue as Cass swept him into a kiss and pressed their mostly naked bodies together.
The words came out with more bark than he actually felt, but for once he was grateful for it. Cass nodded and set down his quill.
Castiel grinned slightly, and then looked to Sam. “And Sam, Alyssa’s probably missing you, isn’t she?”
and Dean nodded his head towards the phone. “Be hard to know Taste without Gallagher.”
Reluctant to take his hands off of Dean now that they were finally there for a purpose other than healing him, Castiel used his grace to strip himself of the tanned coat that had been his staple since the day they’d met the first time. Dean growled, his hands fisting around the suit jacket Cass was still wearing.
Not to be deterred, Castiel tried again. “
“He left it, yes.”
The next morning, Dean went to work at Bobby’s auto shop. There wasn’t a lot going on, just some routine oil changes and shit so he was set up to have a pretty easy day. He’d just finished a tire rotation for a soccer mom when Bobby rounded the corner into the bay.
Deciding against opening up that possibility, he chose a photograph of his last trip to Greece, which his friend and colleague Balthazar had taken. He was standing in front of the Temple of Olympian Zeus, or rather, what remained of it. Balthazar had been positioned several feet behind him at the time, so the photograph was of his back.
A third finger stretched him further, and Cass’s overly polite tone was almost enough to make Dean uncomfortable. But his cock had more control than anything else at that moment, and the thought of Cass fucking him into the desk too fucking enticing to argue. “Yeah, yeah. Go for it, whatever you need man.” He wiggled backward, assuming he had at least that much freedom and he did. Cass allowed him to fuck himself on those three perfect digits until he was moaning like a pornstar, his chest flat against the desk and hands fisted in his own hair.
“I’m a lot of things, Dean. But I’m not an idiot. I know I’ve fucked up with you and Sammy a lot, more than what I could ever make up for. But I’m trying, okay? Took weeks to get up the nerve to even ask Professor Novak if he’d help you, but I did it. And he agreed, even though I’m pretty sure he didn’t want to. So you go, you take whatever help he’s willing to give you, and you make yourself be better than me. You hear me, boy? You and Sammy both need to grow up and be better than I was.”
Dean answered by using his grip on Castiel’s pants to spin them around and slam him against the elevator wall.
She smiled small. “And that bastard Voldemort thought muggleborns weren’t clever. The jokes on him, I suppose, and it’s about damn time. Give me five minutes to whip you up something decent to eat. There’s a bathroom just up the stairs and to the left if you wish to shower. I also suggest changing into some of Sirius’s old school robes - they’re in his bedroom which is two doors down from the bathroom. That might allow you easier access to the Gryffindor common room. Dean seems pretty adamant that you find his brother, Sam.”
My apologies that this is a day late, the whole world has lost its marbles and it's an awkward time to be in the healthcare field. I hope this little reconciliation makes things a bit better! Only two more chapters until the end of Part One!
How none of them realized that Crane had cast an Unforgivable Curse on him was beyond him, but he did his best to shrug off the scoffs and whispered insults.
Castiel’s stomach did some weird combo between lurching and flipping. Once again, he was reminded of how many things must have gone wrong for this to be the Dean sitting in front of him. His eyes flicked to his brightly colored hair and he missed the old Dean. His eyes didn’t look quite right anymore. “Oh? And what would that be?”
He glanced up at Castiel, wondering what kind of
Dean might has well have slapped him in the face. He was praying, and not to him. Dean Winchester was a lot of things, but he was
He sighed, pulling off his proper dress shirt and replacing it with the ridiculous one. “We’re going to a gay club, Gabriel. I’m fairly certain that my presence alone will do the trick.” At least his brother had chosen regular jeans for the affair. They were tighter than he’d prefer, but they weren’t skinny jeans. He hated those, he always felt like he was suffocating and it drew too much attention to his bulge which was already visible enough in regular clothes.
Castiel’s eyes widened and he instantly knew something was wrong. He nodded to him and pulled the cloak on, before leaving the Astronomy Tower and making his way down all the stairs to the ground. He noticed a few Death Eaters outside castle as he quickly entered it.
that wasn’t fair to you. I do, I know that. I need you to know that I know that.” Dean kept walking, not letting go of Castiel’s hand. He was aware, very aware, that they were walking down the middle of a corridor and that they could be spotted by anyone at any time, and the thought made him nervous. It made him want to pull away, but he didn’t.
“The sex hair thing, yeah, how could I forget. That image has been burned into my eyelids ever since.” Dean shifted.
Dean wasn’t quite sure how it happened, but all of a sudden, they were
me when you’re lyin’?”
And, we're back to Cass.
Dean narrowed his eyes at her. “Sorry, what now?”
By the time Castiel made it back to earth, his wings were once more black as night and two years had passed on Earth. He was the catalyst that caused the war that killed thousands of his brothers and sisters, and for that, he was punished. Little did Heaven know that Castiel saw his blackened wings as the greatest gift of all.
“I’m sayin’ ‘fuck that guy, and fuck anyone that’s gonna say shit about it.’” He pushed Castiel up against the wall between two compartments and kissed him for the whole train -- the whole world -- to see.
return for Dean, and get everyone else out, too. Failure wasn’t an option, it just wasn’t. He knew he wouldn’t rest, wouldn’t stop until Dean was back home with him. Where they could finally be together without fear or cavaots.
Sirius cut in. “Yeah, and you’re afraid if you do, you’ll cry harder than Winchester did during Dark Arts.” Dean looked at him, shocked and a little hurt, but then Sirius laughed. It wasn’t mocking or hurtful, it was the sort of laugh only his best friend could pull off. It wasn’t enough to make Dean laugh in return, but it took a little bit of the edge off. He playfully punched his shoulder. “Shut up.”
He could do this.
Welcome to the end.
Castiel threw his ass back, using the wall as leverage and growled. “Faster, Dean. I’m so close.”
“I ain’t nervous.”
“It’s about damn time you say it right.” Dean looked up at him. “You wanna understand? Fine.” Dean stood up and pulled his robe off. “Something you might not have noticed on Christmas cuz you were never behind me.” He loosened his tie and pulled it off, then his undershirts followed. He turned around, revealing a criss-crossed pattern of what looked like old, thick scars. “Makin’ a little more sense yet?”
Mrs. Black started the car, her eyes darting around for anyone that looked out of place. The drive took hours, and the sun had set almost fully by the time the castle came into view. His pulse quickened as he got out of the car and grabbed Sirius’s broom from the trunk. He hugged Mrs. Black and thanked her one more time before taking the last dose of Polyjuice Potion, mounting the broom and kicking off from the ground. He flew up to the top of the Astronomy Tower and landed quickly, his eyes searching for --
(See the end of the chapter for
another book appeared. He grinned to himself, the covers matched exactly. Had he really done it the first time? It had been 2 years since he’d been able to do that, and this was O.W.L. level magic. He flipped open the duplicate book and groaned. It was blank.
His best friend Charlie walked through the door as Hot Guy was walking out. He tugged his t-shirt away from his body quickly in an attempt to fan-dry the cum still damp on his chest and lower stomach. “Heya Charles, you’re late.”
“Yep.” Dean didn’t look up as he started writing the first line.
Dean really was crying then, the tears budding in the corners of his eyes and Cas quickly leaned up to kiss them away. He knew Dean was mourning his parents with every note, but maybe this was needed. Music healed, in ways that even angels couldn’t.
“Castiel! What is happening here?”
surprised. You’ve got the heart of a killer, don’t you?”
Under normal circumstances, Dean Winchester had the best aim of anyone at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and certainly of anyone that played Quidditch there. He rarely missed his mark, especially when it was a mark he was near desperate to hit. But these weren’t normal circumstances. The stakes were too high after a year of too many lows, and it didn’t help that bludgers had minds of their own. It hit just slightly to Charlie’s right, which meant that it hit the arm that Finnick Odair had stretched out, just inches from the Snitch. Inches from victory. Dean watched in silent horror as Finnick’s left arm broke and he pulled it back from the Snitch to cradle it against his body. It was a testament to Finnick’s superior flying abilities that he didn’t fall off his broom in the torrential downpour. Finnick reached out wildly with his good arm, but he was a split second too late. Charlie Bradbury’s fingers closed around the Golden Snitch, and it was over.
The skin on his back felt like it was a thousand degrees, and he was now convinced he was going to throw up. “I gotta pee, good to see you Rue, hope you had a good summer.” He took off, moving as fast as he could towards the restrooms.
It was slow and sensual, the kind of kiss you’d expect with someone you love after a night of whiskey and slow dancing,
“Oh, brother. It’s gonna take a miracle to get you laid.”
Dean’s shock temporarily cut through his anger. He didn’t hug him back, but also didn’t pull away. “For what?”
The way Cas said his name sent delicious shivers down his spine and had him fully hard in his jeans. He slid his hands around the sides of Cas’ neck and used his thumbs to press under his jaw and tilt his head up as their lips finally met. He tasted every bit as good as Dean had hoped, and a few steps later, he had Cas pinned against the wall and clutching onto Dean’s shirt for support. His tongue pressed for entrance and it was granted, and a surge of satisfied anticipation surged through him.
Oh, how you like my face?
Every year since Voldemort gained power, 5th, 6th, and 7th year students were chosen from each of the four Hogwarts Houses - Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. One kid from each year in each house, for a total of 12. They were always…
Sam shrugged. “She’s a few compartment’s down with her other friends, I was gonna join her soon.”
Castiel opened his eyes, his stomach flipping at the new nickname and he realized that was going to make this a lot harder. “What? What’s wrong with it?”
Sirius rolled his eyes, but nodded. “It is quite stuffy in here, isn’t it?”
Cass rolled his eyes. “Roger Waters is an asshole. Just because I can pass as David Gilmour doesn’t mean I love their story.”
Cass pulled Dean up until their bodies were flush and fucked him deep; his left hand splayed over Dean’s chest and his right hand jerked Dean’s cock almost violently until he was spilling all over the desk. Cass fucked him through it until the aftershocks faded and Dean went limp in Cass’s arms, but that didn’t last long. Something in his brain told him Cass hadn’t cum, and that wasn’t a thing Dean was okay with. He pushed backward until he could pull himself off of Cass and spun, dropping to his knees and pulling the condom off of Cass. He looked up to see the man looking just as fucked out as Dean felt, so taking him in his mouth felt as easy and natural as breathing. Cass’s hands gripped Dean’s hair near his scalp but let him choose the pace. His legs were shaking under Dean’s hands and that spurred Dean on, he sucked him off sloppily until Castiel cried out and came in his mouth.
Castiel slid down against the cave wall and nodded, covering his face with his hands. “Yes, I think so.”
It didn’t, however, because she was every bit as good as Dean was. He heard the crack as she swung her bat and hit the bludger, but this time it veered off course. He lost sight of it for a moment, and took that opportunity to curse loudly as little Rue Marsh managed to score.
“Cass, it has to be you. I don’t have the guts to go through that portal without you. Cinna, Shurley, the other professors… they’ve always liked you more. They’ll listen to you. You’re way smarter than me and I won’t be able to focus out there knowing you’re still in here. Who’s gonna hunt for you, huh? Who would make sure you ate and didn’t get hurt? Who would hold the fuckin’ shields up when you wake up in the middle of the night from the nightmares that rip you in half? I can’t do it, Cass, I’d fall apart out there worried about you.”
Sirius shook his head, grabbing Dean’s arm. He went to say something back to him, but it was lost in the deafening roar that surrounded them. The Hufflepuff players were slowly drifting towards the ground in a victory huddle, Castiel and Charlie right in the center.
(See the end of the chapter for
The main show ended but it was just the beginning of Castiels’ anxiety. There would be two encores, but it was the very last one that had Cas’ stomach twisting uncomfortably. The band went off stage for several minutes until the roaring, pleading, desperate crowd drew them back for more.
Cass tugged almost cruelly in Dean’s hair, pulling his head down to better meet Cass’s.
Zeppelin filmed one of the greatest and weirdest concert DVDs I’ve ever seen.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cass tries to figure out what the hell just happened.
Dean’s eyes lit up. “Wait a minute… did you… are you guys…?”
That night, Castiel was sure not a
Dean offered a grunt in response.
Dean’s smirk didn’t drop. “Oh, I’m tempting you,
“I’m sorry people are so shitty, Cass.”
Castiel blinked, watching him. He looked a little embarrassed as he dropped his arms to his sides. “I’m sorry- I- I didn’t-.”
Newt’s bowtruckle Groot scurried onto Castiel’s lap and looked up at him as Newt took the seat on Cass’ other side. Sam and Sirius sat down across from them, all three of the newcomers saying variations of greetings in response. Sam looked at Dean and jerked his head towards Cass. “Thought you hated this guy?”
And yet, all the signs pointed right in that direction. Something like shame coiled itself in Dean’s stomach, and he was positive it had nothing to do with the whiskey he drank. He was so distracted by that horrifying thought that he missed the drive for the motel entirely and had to loop all the way around, and by the time he parked his car he’d convinced himself he’d just tell Cass nothing was going to happen and they’d sleep in separate beds. Except… they wouldn’t have separate beds. They had
“No! Jesus, no, you didn’t misread shit.” With some breathing space between them, Dean relaxed. “I have a girlfriend. Her name’s Lisa.”
She grinned broadly at him, her eyes shining. “Hey Dean! How was your
Cass shook his head and smiled slightly. “You gave me precise directions to the portal, you’ve done more than I could’ve ever imagined. I’m annoyed with how long it took me to figure it out.”
car?”
“Rue, you have to be quiet, okay?” Castiel nudged her gently, matching her volume. “It’s exactly what you think it’s for.”
“Oh, shut up.” He leaned in and kissed him again, brushing his thumb over Dean’s cheek.
“Yes, I was wondering if you had any Rory Gallagher albums? He was originally in a band called Taste, but he went solo. I was looking for -”
The fun of comin', oh the pain in leavin'
He set his bags down and ignored Dumbass hyperventilating next to him.
The wait for his taxi was excruciating, and the ride itself was even worse. The driver kept glancing in the rearview mirror at him, and Cass knew just from the soreness alone that he was staring at at least one giant, purple hickey on his neck. He refused to look ashamed, because he wasn’t. While being an openly gay man in Montana wasn’t the easiest thing in the world, it also wasn’t as bad as other places, and there was nothing about the hickey that would suggest which gender caused it. They rode in silence, and Castiel sighed with relief when he was finally back in his own home and could drop the
“Can I at least get your name? Take you to dinner, perhaps?”
Snape roughly grabbed Castiel’s arm and dragged him out of Voldemort’s mansion before teleporting him back to the Black’s house, alone.
He wiped a few stray tears from his cheeks and took a series of deep breaths as he started making his way back to the castle. He knew, logically, that he was safe this year - the fact that he didn’t make it to Purgatory didn’t matter - his name came out of the Goblet of Fire last year, which meant it couldn’t do so again. But that thought didn’t entirely make him feel any better, because part of him thought that maybe he should go in there after Dean. He wanted to, oh… he wanted to. He’d thought about it dozens of times. He always came to the same conclusion though that if there was a way out, Dean would have found it by now so volunteering as well wouldn’t do anything but piss Dean off. No, at the end of the day, Sam was of more use to Dean and Cass at Hogwarts than he’d ever be in Purgatory. He would just be another burden, another person that Dean had to look after. He hadn’t had half the hunter training that Dean did despite only being a year younger, so he knew he’d be more of a hindrance than a help. He had resigned himself to trying to sneak Dean a message with one of the Gryffindor tributes, and he had it written out and prepared already so he could get it to whoever it was before they disappeared tonight.
“Fu - uuuck, Castiel. Yeah, just like that. Faster, go faster.”
“No, Professor.” Dean’s voice was nearly too polite as he spoke, and then he flipped open his own notebook and grabbed his quill.
He stopped himself when he finally realized what he was humming.
------------------------
“By being a child?”
“I’m going to go back and kill Azazel.” The words came out forceful, like they belonged in the space between them instead of buried in Castiel’s heart. “I’m going to give you the life you deserved, Dean. Damn the consequences.” Cass got up, kissing Dean once more. “I’ll find you again, one day. I promise. I’ll find you.”
invite. He caught Cato’s gaze, and after he rolled his eyes briefly, he nudged the other two and they made their way over to sit across from Sam, Sirius and James.
He was surprised and slightly disappointed when Castiel didn’t sit next to him. He knew he had no reason to think that he would; sure, they’d gotten back some of their previous banter and comfort level with each other, but Dean had still been an ass and never even bothered to explain it. He scowled at his desk.
If it sent chills down Dean’s spine, he could blame it on the storm.
Cas stepped back when he finished singing, just far enough to reach into his pocket and pull out a ring. There wasn’t room in the throng around them to kneel, but he was shorter than Dean so he simply looked up at him as the sound of Jones’ Hammond organ filled the space around them. “I love you, Dean Winchester. The broken parts, too. My existence was meaningless before you… and it would be meaningless again if you left. Stay with me. Marry me.”
Dean nodded, his fingers fumbling slightly as he pulled his shirt back on. He left his tie off but put his robes back on as well. “He’s not abusive, he just gets mad sometimes.”
gave way to Page and Plant taking the stage together, Page with just an acoustic guitar and John Paul Jones behind them on keyboards for
You guys still alive? Did you fall asleep during that? I think that was the longest chapter I (we) have ever written. See you Thursday!
Castiel looked over at Newt and then down at the bowtruckle. “Um, Newt, do you mind?”
Dean spoke up, because he was supposed to be getting
Dean’s cheeks flushed. “I uh… you shared it on your page, I happened to see it… Charlie happened to be free tonight… was just lucky, I guess.” Cass smiled like he genuinely meant it, so Dean continued. “You’re all set though, right? The bastard paid you? I can go talk to him if you need me to.”
Castiel rolled his sleeve down immediately and stood up. “Can I ask you something?”
Cass’s face flushed and Dean laughed again. It wasn’t mocking, it was relieved. Well, relief and a little bit of embarrassment of his own.
Dean grinned and looked up at Cass. “Cuz I’m gonna get you outta here, angel. And now I’ve got what I need to help me do it.” He’d already gathered the other ingredients that he needed between random stops in Purgatory and what he took from Base, the horn of bicorn had been the last thing required other than some of Dean’s own hair.
Castiel relaxed into Dean and nodded, sniffling still. “I love you too, Dean. I’ll get you out of here, I promise.”
Dean nearly took the stairs, but he had an armful of wine and whiskey bottles and there were about 8 flights he’d need to climb in order to reach Sammy’s floor.
Dean ran his fingers through Cass’ hair. “We just worked a different kind of magic so we could be alone together, you really think I’m goin
I mean hide good, from everyone but Cinna, Shurley, and Team Free Will. Get as many of ‘em on your side as you can. When you get out of the portal, pay attention to where you land - you’re gonna need to find your way back to it in order to get the rest of us out. I doubt they’ll try to hide the location from you, cuz why the fuck would anyone ever come back here? So pay attention and then work with the others to find a way to keep it open. You still with me?” Dean finally took a breath, looking at Cass with a worried expression.
Which, turned out to be borderline violent.
details, I think Sam might be an example of nature winning out.”
isn’t exactly the finest of our Father’s creations. He tried to convince me that Balthazar - our percussionist - already took our payment. I’m not even sure Balthazar knows we get paid for gigs like this… I think mostly he’s in it for the free alcohol and… freer females. Then, he changed his tune and tried to say we didn’t draw a big enough crowd to merit payment, and I had to spend twenty minutes explaining to him that people won’t show up to a gig they don’t know is happening, and that he’d have better luck if he actually advertised. We were booked last minute, I honestly don’t even know how you found out we were playing here tonight.”
Dean’s eyes quickly raked over Castiel, stripping him bare. They lingered on the AC/DC shirt and leather jacket he’d chosen in lieu of the trench coat and then traveled down to stop entirely on the bulge pressing against his jeans. Yes, Castiel seems to have chosen the correct outfit. “Go flip the open sign to closed and find out.”
Castiel couldn’t stop his eyes from closing as he relaxed into Dean’s side slightly. He just now realized how tired he was because the attic he lived in was always either too hot, or too cold.
you feelin’ safe. There’s things… there’s things I didn’t mention, about my dad. About what he does for a living. It might not just be me in danger if we - if I…” Dean’s eyes dropped to Castiel’s lips again.
Professor Crane sneered at Castiel, and then released Lisa from the Imperius Curse just in time. Both student and teacher watched as Lisa seemed to come out of a fog, dropping the paperweight on the ground. She looked like she was in shock, glancing back and forth between the paperweight and her terrified, crying friend.
“Who the hell taught you that word? I swear, every conversation we have you’re callin’ somebody an assbutt.” Dean doesn’t outright smile, but it’s there.
Dean landed on the ground with a wet, muddy squelch, and Sirius landed next to him moments later. “Don’t say it.” Dean growled. “Just don’t… fucking say it.”
in the back room of some random record shop with a stranger. Dean was powerless against it though; his body responded to the intimacy in a way that frankly offended him.
Dean nodded.
“Five points to Gryffindor for coming up with a fourth, ten points
“How much of the ozone layer burned off simply because of
Lisa nodded briefly and then fell quiet, allowing Dean to slip back into his thoughts.
“Huh.” Dean rubbed his jaw. “You uh… were watchin’ me?”
“Cass, you have to. Hear me out, here, okay? Purgatory is crawling with people,
Emotions flashed across Castiel’s face faster than Dean could decipher them. “Dean, no one is forcing me to do anything. The comment I made about your dad kicking my ass was a joke, he didn’t threaten me. I didn’t feel obligated.”
of all creatures delivered a letter that changed his life. A year later, the same thing would happen to his brother. They were wizards… the very sort of things that their father spent his life trying to kill. Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen his father that mad. The letter that explained Hogwarts and the wizarding world was, of course, burned immediately. It didn’t deter Dean and it most certainly didn’t deter the flock of owls that followed, each carrying a letter identical to the one that found a home amongst the ashes in their fireplace. It took weeks for his mom to convince his dad to let him go, and in the end, Dean was fairly sure his dad only agreed because he couldn’t stand the sight of him anymore.
igniting the crowd and putting an end to Dean’s tears. He was dancing and laughing, singing along and urging Cas to do the same. Which, he did.
Castiel got up and moved over to Dean with a small grin. “What is it?”
“As I was saying,” Professor Shurley began again, “our tributes fought valiantly, but as we all are aware, only one shall make it out alive. I am…
That's all, folks. I can't imagine more than a handful of people will actually make it this far, but if you're reading this... just know that we're eternally grateful to you for coming along on this ride with us. This story means the world to us (especially me), and even though I've written over a dozen other stories since we completed this one, I still and probably always will consider it as my crowning achievement.
Castiel opened his eyes and found that Finnick had fallen silent, wondering if that was his own choice, or if someone had used the
He watched her shift his eyes to him and he took a deep breath.
Cass looked like he was serious, and Dean wasn’t in a position to argue further. “Yeah, okay. One date.”
possess the skills necessary to at least feign basic manners. That’s my name. Castiel.”
Sam went off on a tangent about all of the spells he taught himself, and how he read
Castiel frowned but didn’t acknowledge the grunt. “So, uh… yes, alright, not talking. Understood.” He opened his notebook just as Professor Trinket walked in.
long time for this, I want to savor it. Savor
“He’s — do you actually care about any of this shit?”
Dean’s insides gave a triumphant little
food.
“Then- I’ll stop,” he closed his eyes as he spoke. “I won’t flirt with you and I’ll keep my eyes closed around you as much as I can I just-” he tensed, his eyes still closed. “I need you, Dean. Even if you can’t be with me, we can still try and be friends, right?”
was the one that raised Sam.
Flickerman lifted his head to look at the man approaching him. His face was absolutely free of remorse, which Sam was nearly elated to see.
people around him grinded and rutted against each other until it looked a little bit like the makings of an orgy. He was bored by it at this point, but it still made him want to take part.
the damn sex.
.” Flickerman said those last words as if he was implying that there indeed would be a ‘next time,’ and Sam found himself being dragged out of the courtroom by Cato and Sirius.
Dean knew that his dad and Cass were just trying to help. He also knew he
The room echoed with gasps and ‘who won?’, but Professor Crane raised his hand to silence the room again. “The Chosen fought valiantly and-,” Professor Shurley stopped when a voice was heard from the Gryffindor table.
that need to get the fuck out of here. You’re their best shot, okay? Not me. Not any of them. You are, so I need you to get out so you can come back and save the rest of us.” Dean took Cass’s hand again and laced their fingers, looking at him. “Please don’t fight me on this.”
Cass sighed and sat back down, and Dean knew any shot he had at actually touching Cass tonight was gone. “Yeah, yeah. Open my book, I got it.”
“We’re good, Dean, thanks for asking. How are you?” Lisa grinned and walked up behind him, kissing his cheek. “Roast, potatoes and corn. It’ll be ready soon.”
Dean watched as Castiel disappeared and a carbon copy of himself took his place. “Remember to talk like I do, at least until you’re safe. Now go, go home. Get out of this fuckin’ place. I’ll see you soon.”
“I’ve met Flobberworms more interesting than you.”
Benny had the nerve to sound offended. “I’m sorry that me having a personal life outside of you inconveniences you, brother. But seriously, you good?”
Cass didn’t answer right away, and Dean took the gap in conversation as a chance to drink. Whiskey, not wine. He didn’t hate wine, but at this point, he was choosing whiskey just to remind both of them how different they really were.
He squirmed, rocking back against them which caused Cass’s middle finger to bump against his prostate. Dean hissed and his cock pulsed in the air. “C’mon, Cass. I’ve waited long enough.”
Plant interjected, “Does anybody remember laughter?”
she looked lost. She had fallen into this hole and hadn’t been able to pull herself out. Castiel remembered the summer of his fourth year when he came home and saw her. He couldn’t believe she used to be his upbeat, cheery mother.
“You’re fuckin’ jokin’, Cas. You can’t be serious.” Dean tugged at the fabric of his shirt in an attempt to stretch it out. “Are you entering us in the circus? That what this mystery date is?”
Warm, expert fingers curled around the waistband of his panties and methodically worked them down, teasing both of them with the back and forth movements that revealed what was underneath so slowly it was almost enough to drive Dean insane. When his cock finally sprang free, he was already half-hard, and he attempted to push himself away from the desk so he could turn around.
This is a short chapter, the next two are much longer. Let me know what you think, and see you Friday!
out of here and we find a way to take down Voldemort.” He lifted his head and kissed Cass’s forehead. “I know I’m askin’ you to have an insane amount of courage and an even crazier amount of faith in me, but I wouldn’t ask you to do this if I wasn’t sure that you could.”
gonna --
had Dean doing the funniest little dance Cas had ever seen, and they both lost themselves in Page’s guitar during
Dumbass seemed to have settled down. “It just depends on what’s happening elsewhere. It could be minutes, it could be hours.”
“Thank you.”
I — hell. Alright, you know how you said this life is probably the loneliest one you coulda picked? That’s how I feel about my relationship. It’s been over for awhile I just didn’t have the balls to leave her cuz she seemed happy. I’m bi, it ain’t like I’m not into women… but god, I fuckin’ hate bein’ with her. She doesn’t understand me, she nags at me
to looking.
Castiel shook his head.
Cass tilted his head. “You’re offended.”
His profile picture was a car. Castiel knew next to nothing about vehicles beyond basic operation, but he took an educated guess at the fact that the car was a 1967 Chevrolet Impala based on the screen name. The jet black paint shone in the photo, and Cass couldn’t deny that it was beautiful. He didn’t remember swiping right on this particular profile, but he’d made a few mistakes at the beginning and assumed it must have been one of those.
“I don’t need to know you well to gauge what kind of person you are, Dean. Doing this as long as I have, you meet a lot of different people. Some might say I have sort of a… gift for reading people. And what I’m reading from you… is good.” Cass stood after it was made obvious that Dean didn’t have a single fucking clue what to say back to that. “Do you mind if I shower? You weren’t the only one that had a long drive to get here, and the spotlights always make me sweat.”
“How did you find us?” Cas asked his brother who laughed harshly.
Cas felt the joy of that wash over him but then it was coupled with a sorrow. On earth somewhere Jack was growing up and he would never get to see that. Dean was walking through everyday with a new dose of grief and pain and he couldn’t ease it. He had been lounging mindlessly in paradise while they were suffering.
“Hello,” Anna said calmly. “It’s been too long.”
“It’s obvious, mummy,” Gabriel interjected. “He isn’t getting better, and he won’t. I can take care of him. I’ll get him a place in the country and I’ll take off time from work to care for him.”
“I know. But I’m asking you- let me go home to them. I want to go home. I’ll take a terrifying, unpredictable existence over numb certainty any day. I don’t want to be at peace yet, I want to live,” Cas told her. She considered for a long quiet moment and then approached him. She reached a hand out and touched his face.
As if on cue, three demons came in through the door and began to head up the stairs behind Cas. His already racing heart sped up. They were heading towards Jack.
They kissed then and Cas realized Allison had been right about one thing:
“You came home,” Dean numbly repeated. Cas nodded.
“Dean, my friend, the fisherman, he prays to me. I can hear him. And while he doesn’t know where we are, he does miss us, even you, who he’s never met. So even though we’re alone here, we aren't- we’re still loved. And that matters,” he told him. And it was true, not a white lie for Jack’s sake. Dean prayed to him all the time, nearly every night like back in purgatory. Soft words like
“I’m staying at a motel in town,” Dean told him. “And my number’s the same if you need me.”
“That’s mighty interesting Cas, sure didn’t seem like it at the time,” Dean spat at him harshly. “I didn’t really get that impression when I woke up in that playground with no clue where the fuck you were.”
“Anna!” Cas said, looking horrified. “You can’t say that!”
Cas was reclining on the small chaise in Anna’s bedroom, flipping through a book as she sat at her boudoir, anxiously messing with her hair.
“Oh?” He asked and then his eyes widened. “Ohhhhhhhh…really?”
“You knew it was him?” The inspector asked again. Anna glanced back at her mother, who was standing in the room with her, a manicured hand gently on her shoulder. Naomi nodded down at her with encouragement.
“I know. But, that doesn’t change anything. You know what you have to do and I know that you’re brave enough to do it. You’re a good man and a good father and I know you’ll do what’s right.” Cas spoke with a steadiness in his convictions and a firmness in his eyes that always made him look halfway saintly to Dean. Dean didn’t know how someone like that could ever want to hold him, he certainly didn’t think he deserved it.
Jack wanted to go hunt with her someday too, and he assumed he would. Dean promised he’d take him on a trip when he was eighteen if he still wanted to and his father gave him worried looks but admitted he wouldn’t stop him. That was alright, Jack considered, he was in no rush.
“No, not that, I don’t mean that. I mean, in the motel room,” Jack told him, struggling to breathe enough to speak. “When you put your hand on my mom’s stomach, and I told her that you were my father and then I showed you the vision in the playground- it couldn’t have been true whatever I showed you, because we’re here forever right? So, I led you here, I must have. Because I knew this was coming and I was scared so I made you come. You wouldn’t have done any of this, you’d have killed us like you were supposed to. And then everything would be okay. You wouldn't be stuck here forever. And it's forever dad! I mean it's really- like you always say. Just this forever! You would be home with- with the Winchesters and it would all be okay.”
“I’m far too tired for this sort of talk,” Dean said, quick and gruff and unrelenting. “Shit, Cas, I thought I came by so we could have a nice evening.”
“I can’t tell people that,” she explained, a small weak grin gracing her face. “They’d never buy the book if they knew. Why, they’d brand me a monster! My publisher advised against it and I agreed with him.”
“What is for dinner?” Jack asked. His appetite had been ravenous ever since getting out, the year of not eating had certainly taken its toll. Cas laughed.
He buried him deep, not afraid of him coming back to haunt him and very afraid of him being disturbed. He did his work quickly and dutifully as he shoveled the dirt on top, ignoring how it felt to know he’d never gaze on the man inside again. Then he marked it with a wooden marker that he had painstakingly carved into “Castiel, loving father” and placed it on top of the soft soil. As a final touch he picked Jack’s favorite flowers, sunflowers, from what was left of the garden and set them on top. He gazed at the marker and the lake and the still smokey blue sky and only then allowed himself to cry.
“You know my first plan was to just storm in here, smite you, and take my son without even asking nicely,” Lucifer explained. “But then, of course, I realized that wouldn’t work. See, I’ve been inside you, Castiel, I know the type of things you probably taught my boy. Stories about what? Heroes and villains and damsels and Dean Winchester riding to the rescue? Right and wrong? Even taught him I was evil and that he couldn’t trust me? You probably turned my own son against me. So, I realized there was no way he would go along with any sort of plans I might have. And then I thought, well, I don’t need the brat, I can just take his grace and get the power up and move on. But of course, that’s messy, and keeping him around would certainly be more useful in the long run. I mean who doesn’t love a father/son duo, right? So here’s the deal, and it’s a very generous deal here, Castiel. You do what I say and convince my son to trust me or I take his grace myself and you watch as I bash his fucking brains out, how does that sound?”
“It’s going to be alright Jack. I’m going to get you out of this,” he told him and Jack nodded along. It was then that a door from above was opened and who entered shocked Cas more than he could have imagined.
“I bet, you probably mother hen that kid so much he doesn’t get a moment to breathe. Time to cut the cord.”
“I’m fine. We’re all good.”
The demons left then and Cas heard the drop of the match on their way out and the crackling of the fire as it began to work its way through the house, eating alive all his loves and his memories as it would soon eat him.
“I’ve had years of practice,” he explained and Dean nodded.
It had been hours of unbroken silence between them with nothing but an endless cycling of old tapes of classic rock filling the air of the car. Her head was leaning against the window and she was sure she would’ve nodded off had he not put on a mixtape she’d never heard before. It was the sort of old 60s and 70s acoustic music she knew Jody liked and it had jolted her out of the calm of familiarity. That had been maybe twenty minutes ago and they were supposed to reach the motel in Pontiac in an hour or so. He was in a bad mood and if she was honest she hadn’t expected him to take the job there in the first place. It brought up only heartbreak for them both but she wasn’t going to argue when he had told her. And they both had a tendency for self flagellation.
“Dean, I can’t go back to the bunker. I can’t hunt. I don’t want that anymore. You don’t understand-” Cas was tripping over his words, trying to make Dean see reason, convince him that he didn’t want this, couldn’t want this.
Dean had killed Asmodeus before getting to Jack. Claire and him had ganked most of the demons as Crowley and Sam were rescuing Gabriel and Rowena was preparing the binding spell. He had fulfilled his plan of revenge from before, of burning him alive. He’d taken a leaf out of Cas’s book and tossed a holy fire molotov cocktail at him, revelling in the way the demon screamed and went up in flames, his flesh bubbling and his eyes glowing yellow. It was a nice clean revenge and the flames reflected in Claire’s blue eyes just as they had in Cas’s as he lay dying. He was glad Jack hadn’t been there to see that but he knew he would never have been able to shield Claire from it, not when she wanted to see it so desperately.
“Let’s go, the sooner we get back, the sooner I can ride you.”
“On Christmas you said ‘last time’. Did you- have you- before me?” He asked quietly, his hand moving towards Dean’s, seemingly on its own.
He didn’t have to look to know which one Dean was talking about. “Alastair. Raising you from perdition wasn’t…
He adjusted his grip on his bat and took a moment to breathe.
Castiel ignored the snake as best he could, keeping his gaze on Voldemort. His eyes drifted to just behind Voldemort where the portal was visible. It was a dark purple colour and it was making strange noises. “You don’t know anything about me. How’d I find the portal?” Castiel tilted his head, his jaw clenching slightly. “Because I didn’t give up. I took all the bullshit you and Flickerman and Crane threw at me but I kept going.”
Lailah was Castiel’s mother’s name and he often referred to her as this. She was still his mom, yes, but she hadn’t been the same since his dad and grandmother died.
Dean turned when he heard the
Dean watched Castiel sleep with a smile on his face that he couldn’t quite get rid of. He nearly had a panic attack when the witch selling snacks opened the compartment door to ask if he wanted any Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans or Jelly Slugs, but if she noticed that Castiel’s face was buried in his stomach, she didn’t say anything. Dean sent her away and continued running his fingers through Cass’ hair when she left. His other hand found its way to Cass’s side and he looked down at him, wondering how on earth he ever managed to fight this, and how the hell he was supposed to come out to his family. He made up his mind that he was going to start with Sam and go from there, because he couldn’t really see Sam hating him for it.
“So… Garth’s dead, right?” Rue asked quietly, her eyes glued to the table.
Dean felt his temperature skyrocket. Cass just smirked and walked closer, making the situation even worse. “Did you know you blush with your entire body? It’s… kind of adorable.” And yet again, those fucking hands were on him - this time on his very bare, very overheated chest.
“And you’re uncomfortable with leaving with me?” Pink’s voice was lower than sin which made the decidedly
Cas gasped and tilted his head back on Dean’s shoulder, his eyes closed and his face contorted in pleasure. Dean was sure he’d never seen anything more beautiful.
he added to himself.
Castiel quickly moved out of the house, and ducked into the front seat of the car, the nerves finally settling in. Voldemort’s words were still playing through his head over and over again as he let out a slow shaky breath.
“Somewhere in New Zealand. I wasn’t focused on our destination when we left, I was simply trying to get you as far away from those demons as possible.”
“Yeah, funnily enough we’d tried that one already.” Castiel turned his head toward the speaker, and was surprised when he saw Lisa Braeden, arms crossed and looking harassed. He turned his attention back towards the door, choosing not to respond.
Probably.
“Fuck, sorry, Charlie.” He always got spacey during a drop. “One more time?”
“I just mean you and your brother are very different creatures. You were presumably raised in the same household, so was it really nurture at all?”
he said confidently, flicking his wrist they way she had indicated. Next to
Before Cass even had a chance to respond, Dean’s hot, glorious tongue was gliding under the head of his cock. He hissed, it’d been years since he’d been blown and the feeling was already more intense than he remembered. Over and over, Dean’s tongue licked tiny little lines over his length until Cass was getting frustrated. It was good, sure, anytime Dean’s mouth came anywhere near his cock it felt good. But he was teasing him, giving him just a taste of what he was capable of and it wasn’t nearly enough. He thrust forward a little, his hand fisting into Dean’s hair to guide him.
“Yes, we’ve… covered that already.” Cass was trying not to smirk, but it was clear in the way his eyes - his stupid, stupid blue eyes - lit up that he couldn’t hold it back if you paid him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cass, maybe we should head back for this conversation.”
but it still felt good enough that Dean no longer gave a shit what happened to him. He knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt that when Cass finally let him cum, it would be the best orgasm he ever had. The blowjob had just edged him, prepared him for the all-encompassing feeling of having Castiel inside of him. He whined as Cass’s length filled him again and again, relaxing him until he was completely pliant.
I am so, so sorry.
He took the few moments respite he had as an opportunity to change into pajamas himself. Normally he slept naked or just in boxers, but because he’d been planning on sharing a bed with Charlie, he’d brought actual pajama pants. He shrugged off his shirt and pulled on the pants just as Cass came back out similarly dressed.
was that?”
Seven steps it took him to get to the couch. Seven agonizing, long steps which caused the plug to shift in ways that triggered levels of self-hatred inside of Dean he hadn’t even known were possible. With defiant tears pricking in his eyes, he shoved his pants down far enough to remove the bastard thing and chuck it across the room. It hurt like hell, he was over sensitive as it was and that thing wasn’t small by anyone’s estimation, but at least it was out. That was one thing he did for himself at least, even if he was ignoring every single other piece of the Dean Winchester’s Self-Aftercare Handbook. Fuck it, if he couldn’t even manage to care about himself, how could he ever expect anyone else to? It was better this way. He shot a quick
Castiel blinked his eyes open slowly, squinting against the light. He kissed Dean back as he sat up slightly. “Hello.”
“You look better, Castiel. Are you ready to go?” Mrs. Black handed him a burrito, and he looked at it curiously. “It’s leftovers from last evening. Shredded steak and potatoes. I’m sure you can get something better once you’re back at the school, and here…” she pulled picked up a glass of water and handed it to him. “Drink and eat quickly, and we’ll be on our way. I’ve already alerted Professor Cinna that you’re coming - his Patronus returned just moments ago with a message that he’d be waiting for you on top of the Astronomy Tower. He knows it’s really you, but also knows to expect you to look like Dean. I didn’t have time to go over all of the details, so expect to answer some questions when you get there.”
“I’m fine, Gabriel. I knew what I was getting into when it happened.”
So much for relaxing. Dean’s entire body stiffened, both from the reminder that their parents were long dead and the knowledge that
quite accustomed to not getting one. “I’m uh- I’m leaving to go back to Hogwarts now.”
behind the scenes?”
Voldemort looked at him with a curious expression. “Normally, the answer to that would be ‘no,’ but I must admit… I’m dying to know. I can’t seem to… sense it…” His eyes narrowed again, and it looked to Castiel like he was trying to do a nonverbal spell that clearly wasn’t working.
Dumbass was still sucking in air like he’d spent the last several minutes nearly drowning. Dean just quirked an amused eyebrow at him until irritation seemed to overtake whatever panic he was feeling, and Dumbass leveled a grade-A glare at him.
The second they were both undressed, Dean was on him again, his hands roving over beautiful bare skin and his mouth claiming Cas’. He gripped and squeezed Cas’ ass, pulling their hips together and sighing into his mouth at the contact. “Fuck, Cas. I love your body.”
He snorted. “That’s one of the greatest movies of all time, don’t insult them like that.”
Azazel’s eyes flashed yellow, his stance changing as he turned more defensive. “Castiel, to what do I owe the pleasure?”
He laid there for hours or days, it was hard to tell. Eventually, his phone vibrated on his bedside table enough times that Castiel finally reached over and grabbed it. He squinted against the painful brightness of the screen and swiped to answer.
“That’s not the whole fucking truth and you know it, Cass. Spit it the fuck out.”
Thursday will be the conclusion, BUT I'm still tossing around the idea of continuing it, let me know!
He was brought out of his thoughts by a twig snapping to his right.
Oh, you got me feeling
little jeans down and fucked your
Before the words could even sink in, Cass was flicking his tongue under the head of Dean’s cock. He let out a little yelp, for all the sex he had, he rarely got his dick sucked. Mostly everyone preferred that
“So you were scared that if we were alone in the same room, you’d end up wantin’ to fuck me, huh?”
“But he said you didn’t seem like you wanted to do it, but you agreed anyway.”
“Yeah, of course -- but -” All of a sudden, the truth hit Sam like a sledgehammer. “You… used Polyjuice Potion to look like D-Dean, and the… body that was sent back wasn’t Cass at all, it was a shifter.” It wasn’t a question, it was a statement that Sam now knew to be true. His brother wasn’t crazy, wasn’t having some bizarre mental break. He was just… still in Purgatory. He felt like all the wind had been knocked out of him, and he backed up a few steps until his knees hit a chair and he sat down, putting his head in his hands.
Castiel shook his head, watching her. “No- no I don’t think so. Voldemort couldn’t even sense I wasn’t Dean.”
Castiel swallowed hard and smiled through his lie. “I do believe you, Dean. I just… I don’t care if no one knows. If it’s easier on you then… then so be it. I don’t mind.”
“Hey, son, there’s a guy out there and he’s askin’ for you by name. You got time?”
level of dignity. I’m going to teach you the Patronus Charm, and while I suspect less than half of you will be able to produce a fully-formed Patronus, it will be worth it to me if even one of you can pull it off.” She looked around the classroom and her eyes landed on Castiel. Dean’s followed, and he watched Castiel’s cheeks flush at the attention. Dean frowned to himself, because Castiel wasn’t even close to being the best in this class, so why did
mean it could be dangerous, so he focused his mind on one thing: control Newt Scamander to help him calm down. He let that singular goal engulf him as he pointed his wand at his friend, and said, “
He let out a breath and looked around, seeing that the sun - or whatever muted version of it existed here - was just coming up over the treeline. He knew that he should get up and finish off the polyjuice potion, but he couldn’t bring himself to move. Once he moved, he’d be starting the chain of events that would lead to Cass walking through the portal, and Dean knew that once he did, he’d likely never see him again. His stomach twisted at the thought. It’s not that Dean didn’t think Cass could pull it off - it’s that he knew how hard it was to survive in Purgatory even when you had someone watching your back. If it took him too long to find his way back to Bobby’s base camp, he would probably die.
“Room of Requirement is a great place for a party, I’m just sayin’.” Cato held his hands up in front of him, and James clapped him on the shoulder.
“Castiel?” Rue spoke hesitantly. “Are you okay? You look as if you’ve seen a ghost.”
“He doesn’t seem to mind it.”
Dean sat back down, pulling Cass with him again. “I know you don’t believe me, but it’s true. I nearly told Sammy this summer.”
“Alright, we’re here,” Aunt Naomi spoke and she almost sounded sad. “Be good, Castiel. Enjoy your final year.”
“Look, angel, I know that
He hadn’t realized until that exact moment how much he actually needed to touch Dean. At some point during these trapped hours, it had surpassed want and ventured into territory that Castiel had been afraid to even look at.
“That day can’t come soon enough.” Sam promised himself in that moment that he was going to kill Caesar Flickerman, or die trying.
And weirdly, he was ready for it.
The sound of Dean clicking his tongue cut Castiel off. “Nope, never heard of him. However…” Dean leaned forward and the barstool righted itself with a loud thud that actually made Cass twitch. “I bet
Cass grinned. “You’d be surprised. Rory Gallagher is likely the best guitarist most people have never heard. He’s the reason I started playing, and he’s the reason I’ll never
“Dean,” Castiel pleaded, sitting up. “Ignore him, he’ll go away. He doesn’t have any other joy in his life other than making fun of me. If it helps him sleep at night…” he stood up as well, narrowing his eyes at Raphael, “let him.”
Updated tags.
Yet again, Professor McGonagall’s voice pulled him back to the present. “... doubling charm. It will make an exact replica of any object when done properly.” She took this moment to demonstrate the wand movement, a simple flick of the wrist, and said the word
“Dude, you’re a friggen
On and on it went, until his eyes were growing blurry from staring at the screen and the never ending stream of singles that were obviously incapable of meeting anyone in real life.
Cass hummed, his tongue gliding under Dean’s length as his cheeks hollowed out around him. He flicked his ocean blue eyes up to Dean’s, pulling back until just the tip of Dean’s cock was still trapped between his lips. “
“Cass, you’d still need to go - it woulda just been way friggen harder for you if the potion failed somehow. You endin’ up with the Blacks is the best possible outcome here. You go through the portal, you find Walburga, you get back to their house as quickly as possible - use whatever excuse you have to, you need a shower, you need sleep - need to shit - I don’t care, just get back to the Blacks’ house as quick as you can. Once you’re there, give her the letter on your star chart and hopefully I made everything clear enough that she won’t question when ‘Dean’ suddenly turns into ‘Cass’ right in front of her face. From there… you convince her to get you back to Hogwarts, where you hide from fuckin’
Left.
Dean grimaced, but it quickly faded. “It’ll be fine, Cass.” He stared at the horns in his hand like they were a a winning lottery ticket. “I can’t believe I finally found the damn thing, I’ve been looking for
With a jolt, he realized that if that was true, he was damn close to missing his graduation, and Cass would have already missed his and then some. “Oh. Where’s the rest of your group?”
Before he got his letter, he was living at home with his mother and father, and his grandmother who was quite ill. His father was a wizard, his grandmother a witch, but his mother was a muggle.
(See the end of the chapter for
bad?”
“No, I assure you, Patrick had nothing to do with that.”
Crane
to go.” Dean leaned back, kicking his feet up on the seat where Lisa had been sitting and wrapping his arm around her shoulder. He tried to remember that her name is up for The Choosing this year too, and the gloomier he was about it, the worse it would be for her. He squeezed her gently and chuckled. “Yeah, that crazy son of a bitch has been chompin’ at the bit to get to his 5th year. Guess it’s his time to shine, huh?”
“Well hello to you too, cher. I’m doin’ just fine, thanks for askin’.” Benny’s deep cajun accent soothed some of the irritation that was tensing Dean’s muscles and setting him on edge. “I called to find out how you were doin’. The last time we talked, you sounded a little… well, we’ll call it ‘stressed.’ You good, brother?”
Castiel knew what this so called ‘gathering’ was for the
I have a vast number of hobbies, very few of which are ever deemed “interesting.”
Dean clenched his jaw. He wanted to say something -
Finnick shrugged and kicked his feet up so they were on Dean’s lap, folding his hands behind his head. “Oh, y’know. Didn’t do much. How about you, Sammy? How was yours?”
Sam looked to Osiris with a hope sparking inside of him like he hadn’t known in years.
(See the end of the chapter for
The door to the Room of Requirement appeared suddenly and Sam immediately shushed everyone, his eyes wide as he stared at the door.
album.”
He stared at the blank dating profile for several long minutes after his pep talk, not having a clue what to put.
“Horrendous, huh? Is that why you didn’t come home last night?”
Castiel looked around, his heart pounding in his chest. He really didn’t have time for Voldemort’s bullshit, but this is the way the Games go and Cass knew he’d have to play along for just a little while longer. “Hello?”
Dean’s cheeks flushed but a tender smile graced his lips. “Jeeze, Cas. Sounds like you’re proposing.”
“Hello, Dean.”
He set the last guitar down and shrugged off his coat as Castiel closes the door behind them. He heard the lock click into place, and then Cass said quietly, “Dean? Are you alright?”
His jaw dropped open in a breathy moan as Cass took his entire length into his mouth, the tip pressing for entrance into the man’s throat and gaining it easily. Hands smacked at his ankles and Dean spread his legs without even knowing he was doing it.
lips.”
She closed her eyes, and took a deep breath as, Dean assumed, she thought of things that made her happy. “
read it.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but was more or less thankful for the distraction. He had a feeling he was going to need a lot of those if he was going to survive this year.
Cinna smiled widely and pulled him into a hug. “Castiel, it’s wonderful to see you.”
But Dean
With a heavy sigh, Cas disappeared into his bathroom. He opened the drawer just under the sink and rummaged through it - he knew he must have chapstick
Dean like this… was beyond him. He nodded, hoping that everything went according to plan and Dean still wanted to touch him at all when this was over. “Brace yourself.”
The idiots finally figure out how to use their words.
His voice echoed around the room and a shroud of silver mist erupted from his wand. Professor Trinket clapped politely. “That won’t do you much good if you’re faced with an actual dementor, but it’s a start.”
“Didya get his number?”
Suddenly fearful, Castiel pulls Joshua out of sight. “I… you know what I did. I killed Azazel, I saved the Winchesters. I saved the world, if the Winchesters don’t grow up to be hunters, the Apocalypse will never happen. Heaven should be thanking me, I just spared everyone years of war.”
Castiel chuckled quietly, biting his lip. “You know, I was half scared that I was going to come back here and you would’ve changed your mind.”
Dean let out a desperate plea and Cass pulled his fingers out. He heard the sound of the lube bottle again and then he
“Hey angel, you got the love I need. Maybe more than enough. Oh, darlin’, darlin’, darlin’, walk awhile with me…”
“Mmm. I can think of a couple of parts of you I’d like to…
A few hours later, Dean recognized some landmarks that told him they were getting close. He sighed, knowing that when they got there, moments like this would be few and far between. His hand tightened around Cass’s side and he said gently, “Hey… sleeping beauty, it’s time to get up.”
It was a long moment before Castiel spoke again. “You seemed like you were genuinely interested in the music, Dean. I saw you singing along, even to the songs I was sure no one would recognize. Then, you were kind enough to wait for me and give me a place to stay so I didn’t have to sleep on someone’s floor. I… was simply trying to be genuinely interested in
Sirius shook his head violently, which Dean laughed at.
He dressed quickly, opting for his least torn up jeans, the dress shoes he’d only worn for his dad’s funeral and a plain, still-mostly-white button down dress shirt over a black undershirt. He rolled the sleeves up to his elbows and didn’t even bother with a tie.
Dean, however, was looking down at his desk with his eyebrows pinched so closely together that they nearly became one.
It was getting harder by the minute to control the tremors in his arms as he held Cass. “Cass, please don’t make this harder than it has to be, okay? I’m barely holdin’ on here as it is.” He pulled back and looked down. “Please don’t make me push you through it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Baby I gotta tell you, I'm the one you want
Cass, you’ve never pulled me out before the job was done. Ever. Yeah, we were outnumbered like 50 to 1, but all the other winged dickbags showed up - we shouldn’t’ve fuckin’ left them.”
He always recognized the signs. He’d done this enough times to know that more often than not, the drop always came but usually he’d make it home first and crawl into his bed until it passed. He had most of those thoughts on a regular basis anyway, but they were always… worse, when he let a stranger use him like that.
“Nothin’ man, alright? Just learn me some shit or whatever so we can both get back to our lives.”
“We uhh… the lines, they’re… we’re done. We get it, the message was loud and clear, Professor.”
I've decided to... REALLY up the speed of posting. You guys get the rest of Part Two today... Part Three in it's entirety next Monday, Part Four the first Monday of April.... and then the Epilogue sometime in the days following that, I doubt I'll wait a whole week. I hope that for the very, very few of you that are actually reading this... it helps make your quarantine a little bit easier. - Ketch
my highest priority. Your father put me in one hell of a spot when he asked me to tutor you. My issue was never that I didn’t want to help… on the contrary, perhaps my issue is that I want to help you too much. I just…
“He’s very good at his job, and I would be hard pressed to find another individual with his work ethic. He brings more to the table than anyone; his parents did an excellent job of raising him.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Have you ever considered that I don’t want you to leave me alone? That I don’t
He could practically hear his friend put his hands up in surrender. “Okay, cher. Just know the longer you put off the break-up, the more it’s gonna suck for both of you.”
Cinna looked suddenly devastated. “I think you’d better just get to the Room of Requirement. I think you, Sam and the others have a lot to discuss.”
to stay seated, or they’ll find a reason to lock you up instead.”
“Right, yeah I know we did. I was just…”
Still not looking. Especially not now, if the guy didn’t even have decent taste in music, there was no
Oh, do you know my name?
The crowd was packed in tightly enough that no one noticed how close they were together, how many inches of their bodies were making contact. Dean’s eyes were glued to John Bonham’s drum set and when the lights went down in the Garden, Dean’s hand laced tightly with Cas’. “Holy shit. Holy fucking shit, Cas!”
the shit outta my Gryffindor shirt, which I’ll make sure to have on every waking fucking second that you’re gone. We can find Bobby and the others together and get everybody the fuck outta this place. The others -- I’m talkin’ Team Free Will here, not Bobby and them - are gonna need to figure out a place to hide everyone until we can figure out what to do with all of ‘em. But that’s it, that’s the plan. And it ends with me and you both free, you got that? Both of us. And I swear to god, angel, if you pull this off… I’ll ask you to marry me right in front of my dad.”
I am, with your stupid grin and your stupider eyes that I can’t get outta my damn head. I
He was several paces behind Dean, and so engulfed in his own thoughts that he didn’t hear the monster sneak up behind him. He might not have noticed it at all, if it wasn’t for the razor sharp claws that raked across his back and brought him to his knees.
this morning?”
He thought he’d do pretty well in Charms and Transfiguration again, not well enough to write home about, but definitely passing. Of course, Dean wouldn’t be writing home about much of anything this year, neither him nor Sam had received even so much as a tissue from home so far. It had only been two weeks, but he knew this was a trend he should get used to. He felt worse for Sam, because he knew that his little brother cared a lot more than he let on.
Dean just shrugged again. “Does it matter?”
Dean stood, years’ worth of exhaustion and loss etched in his face. “Goddamnit, angel. Either say what you need to say, or take me home. It’s been a long fucking day.”
Buttons snapped on Cass’s shirt as those hands he’d fantasized about on more than one occasion ripped the expensive fabric out of their way in search of bare, heated skin.
He scanned the crowd and recognized almost every face he saw. He hadn’t fucked them all, but he’d certainly fucked all the ones worth anything. He sighed and took a sip of his whiskey, leaning lazily against the wall as the horny,
and to let him know that he hadn’t bailed, he was just stuck. He should have expected he wouldn’t get service here, but it was still a blow nonetheless when the little spot that usually showed three or four bars was now reading
Cas couldn’t help but smile as he pulled Dean into his arms and kissed him gently, savoring the way Dean’s lips felt against his. “I think I can handle that.” He wanted this to be special, not just a normal ‘dinner and a movie’. He had big plans for this date.
water, but he knew Charlie was just worried. She was all too familiar with Dean’s drops, and that fact alone made Dean hate himself just a little more.
Castiel stood. He didn’t raise his hand, he didn’t ask to be chosen. He just
Yikes. “Yeah, uhh… y’know, we just don’t have a lot of money saved up right now. And it’s just a piece of paper, right?” And I’m not entirely sure I even wanna marry you at all. Dean rolled over, facing away from her. “I get it. Maybe tomorrow, yeah?”
Dean barked a laugh, and it was a joyous sound that echoed around them and caused people near them to turn their heads. “Are you serious?! I’m gonna --
Cass laughed quietly as he handed Dean his own undershirt to clean up with. “Does this mean you’ll finally agree to go on a date with me?”
As he made his way towards Platform 9 ¾, the familiar feeling of butterflies filled his stomach as they often did on September 1st.
Once again, Dean found himself pulling Finnick Odair back into his seat. He whispered angrily, “Dude, are you fucking trying to get us killed?!”
“Please, Dean.” The words sounded like a desperate whimper, and Dean was done for. He snapped his hips at a brutally quick pace and Cas cried out his name as he came all over the wall, his ass squeezing Dean’s cock until he no longer had the willpower to fight his own orgasm. He pulled Cas up and held him to his chest, sucking on his neck and running his hand down Cas’ body to his wet, spent cock. When he felt the evidence of what he’d done to Cas, he bit down to stifle his moan as he emptied inside of him.
The longer it took, the more frenzied Cass became. He screamed Dean’s name over the noise of what had quickly become a battle, but it was as lost to the wind as Dean himself was. He saw several of his brethren in the fray, it would seem his call for aid over angel radio was not ignored. He was surprised to see Hannah when a blast of holy light abruptly cleared the space in front of him.
As it turned out, Dean was going to an empty classroom, because he wasn’t quite done with what they had started in Professor Trinket’s office.
“I wasn’t aware you knew the meaning of the word.”
“Silence! You will answer only the questions you are asked. You plead not guilty, that is all I needed to hear.” Hope rose in Sam’s chest at the judge’s rebuking of Flickerman, and Newt let out a muffled yet triumphant exclamation next to him.
big, pal. Nickname it is.”
She shook her head, smiling sadly. “Not until summer. The Christmas holiday is over already and they won’t be permitted to leave again until end of term. The ban on Owl Post was lifted this year though, so I might be able to get a letter to him before the official announcement is made. He’ll be so happy to hear you’re safe, Dean!” She smiled more genuinely now, clapping her hands together. “I was so afraid for you… I’d never thought much of you, to be honest, you were always getting my Sirius in trouble, you know. But then you and that other boy managed to save Sirius from… well, you know exactly what you saved him from now, don’t you?” She walked towards him and hugged him, wrapping her arms fully around him. “Thank you for bringing him home. I’m sorry I couldn’t send more than the gun, but did you get my note?”
“Jack. You need to listen to me and you need to understand this: no one is coming,” Cas told him, his voice hard and steady and he watched the disappointment fill the boy’s eyes. He hated to hurt him like this but it was a necessary evil. No point in him having hope for it to be crushed every morning. “We’re deep in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. There’s no way for us to be saved and the box is warded, and no one knows where to look. This is what we have, this box and each other. You have to accept that, alright?”
“We are, Cas is the black sheep it seems,” said Gabe grinning. “Found out that Forster was a Cambridge man and got his heart set on going there.”
“Chocolate?” Ketch reached into his suit jacket for three bars and handed them to the children. Alfie and Sammy eagerly unwrapped them.
“You have to choose.”
Dean wanted to kiss him again, kiss his hand or his forehead or even his face, decency wouldn’t even stop him then. But his chance was lost and the officer had pulled Cas off of him and was holding him in place as another slammed the door shut and drove off. He worried that he had never had the chance to say it back, to assure Cas that he would come back to him as surely as he knew Cas would wait for him. But as the car drove off and he got his last look into those blue eyes, so trusting and gentle, he knew that was one thing he wouldn’t have to worry about.
“I think I need to use the restroom,” he told her and promptly left.
“You don’t need to do that,” Cas said and promptly hung up.
“I’m offering you something like life. I need reapers, we’re pretty low and with all your experience as an angel, you’d fit the bill. You can work for me, live eternally, watch over your family even, if you like, while shepherding souls to heaven or hell as commanded. And you’ll have your grace and your power back. There'll be no more fear, no more pain, you won’t feel the loss of this. You’ll be cold and hardworking safe. Won’t that be good? Eternal life? All the power you can desire? And a freedom from any sort of suffering?” Billie offered, and he saw her offer was from kindness, a genuine desire to be fair.
Lucifer wiggled his fingers and hesitantly Jack to his hand. Cas flinched, seeing the way Lucifer tightened his grip around Jack’s fingers, holding him in place without the boy even realizing it. He looked at Cas again, tears welling in his eyes and Cas knelt beside him and wiped them away.
I never had them in the first place,” Dean said under his breath.
The dinner was surprisingly not awkward. It was pleasant and full of chatter and they felt so normal, so settled that Cas could almost convince himself it was always like this. He even let Dean pick up the bill, who handled it quietly and with nothing more than a nod in his direction. Jack had seemed so excited, Cas had to keep reminding him to not eat with his mouth full like he was a little kid again. In short, it was perfect.
“Did I ever tell you the story about when my dad dragged me out of CBGB?” He said in the midst of a nighttime drive on I-80.
“I wasn't gonna miss this for the world. Your son only graduates high school once, right? Unless you wanna drop out and try this all over again?” Dean joked and Jack's eyes had been wide and delighted since he heard the word "son." “Come on, graduate, let’s go get you some ice cream."
Dean nodded and kept driving for a moment and she wondered if that was all. Emotion came in fits and starts with him and even that had been a lot. But instead his mouth seemed to soften and he kept talking.
“Jack is a good kid, wise beyond his years I’d say, and very emotionally intelligent. But in terms of where he is you know, intellectually and all, I mean Cas, you’re looking at a very slow 5th grader and that’s being generous. But if you send him to school, I mean the youngest he could look is about sixteen, there’s no way they would put him anywhere below there. And he won’t fit in with kids that age, to be honest, they’d probably make fun of him,” she said.
He took his son’s hand in his own and traced circles into the knuckles.
And so they left, quietly and mournfully, tears in both of their eyes, and all Anna could feel was relief as the door closed behind them. The nightmare was over, they wouldn’t cause the fuss she had worried about. She sat down at her dressing table again and thought back on it all. Already her memories felt murky, and she felt content in the fact that she might someday, before she died, remember this all as she wrote it. But she could still remember the day in question as clear as crystal.
“Well, this whole time we were made to understand that the angels built that box to hold you both,” Dean began. “But Jack told it different. He said they only came for him.”
“You know you made it quite easy for us living by the Pacific, it’ll be a quick one two, lock the brat in the box and dump him over the side,” the leader said and suddenly two of the hunters were on Jack and pulling him to his feet as he desperately struggled against them and Cas realized he was screaming then.
“Education...oh
“No, I um, my brother Dean is, I just live here,” Sam responded, staying as cool as he could.
Anna had cried at hearing the news. A true terrible sobbing like when she broke her arm as a little girl. It was the only time she cried. At the funeral she was already frozen over and barely heard it when Gabriel, drunk and disgraceful, called her a murderer. Her, not even mummy, just her. His eyes had been dark and red rimmed and he had been told he was making a scene.
“Can you tell me where you were born Castiel? What’s the name of the king? Who came before him? Where are we exactly?”
“Yeah, well, you’ve saved Sam a hell of a lot of times,” Dean said, brushing it off. Cas put his fingers on Dean’s arm and pressed down slightly, Dean looked back at him.
“Only for a little while darling, think of it as a holiday.” He looked into his mother’s eyes and somehow knew there was nothing he could say to dissuade her. He was trapped.
“Well, if he’s anything like his mother he’ll do nicely,” Rowena told them. “We’ll have your angel and the wee nephilim back before you know it.”
“Then I want to. Please,” Cas asked, an insistence to his tone. Dean sighed and shrugged it off.
“What?” He questioned, not turning from his work.
“Oh, yes of course,” said Anna, her mind made up.
“Why are you crying?” Dean’s voice was low.
When he was awake he answered any question Jack asked him, and he had many. Cas had never been so grateful for his thousands of years of memories. There was an endless stream of entertainment for Jack, and in some ways that was the biggest hurdle to get over, staving off boredom in an endless nothingness. Their first few days (or weeks or whatever, Cas didn’t know, couldn’t keep anything resembling time and there was no point to it anyway) had led to Jack cringing and gasping anytime a strange noise was heard or their prison was jolted. And he would panic sometimes too, bang on the walls until his hands bled and Cas had to hold him back and rock him as best he could, keeping him calm and reminding him he was loved and that they would survive this somehow. But the fear had faded after a point.
“Glad she didn’t make it, I’ll admit,” Dean grunted. “Not into having that conversation tonight.”
It ultimately wasn’t hard to break her promise. She was pretty sure he knew she would anyway. Just wanted her to carry the full guilt when she did. He had passed it down to her as surely as the car and his old tapes. It was her legacy and she had never been more his daughter than she was that night.
“That doesn’t make sense,” Dean told her. She sighed and closed the book she was holding.
Dean cut off.
“You have to save Jack, please Dean, you have to. You have to promise me,” Cas begged. “You have to take care of him. He has no one now, it has to be you. Promise me.”
“You understand what you’re asking right? There will be no reprieve, no end. We have no plans to rescue either of you. No one will, no one can. It will be hell, endless dark, a living death,” Naomi told him and he just wished she’d shut up as his choice had been made. All it was doing was scaring Jack.
“Took what?”
Anna shook herself. The memories came on thickly but they were far from pleasant. In her old age she only wanted to remember pleasant things. She pulled out her book, small and blue and handsome, and thumbed through the pages until she reached the end. The image it painted was like out of a fairy tale, the kind she would make up for Cas when they were both in the nursery. Two lovers reuniting in a secluded cottage in a faraway land. She had spoken with Margaret Masters, who was surprisingly still alive and willing to talk to her, if only so someone could know the truth about Cas. The old bat, for that was what she was, had been living up in the cottage for years, surviving off of her pension. It was a decrepit little shack. But just the sort of thing her brother would have loved.
Cas was waiting on the porch when Dean and Jack came back from their fishing trip. He found himself on the porch all the time lately and loved it best of the whole house. It was the perfect inbetween of not constricting or suffocating as being inside sometimes was but not too far from the safety the house and the warding provided. He was in a curious state after being rescued and he knew it, not so different from when he had been recovering from the attack dog spell and felt unable to leave the bunker. But this time there was an added fear of confinement, a need to always see the sky and be reminded of his freedom. He was glad he didn’t sleep, every time Jack closed his eyes he knew he was back there.
“Everyone needs somebody, Castiel, they rarely get it,” she explained sadly.
“I’m not a witch!” Sam protested but she laughed and touched his chin as Crowley rolled his eyes.
“That was an accident. They’re very sorry. But everything is good because...because…” he tried to think of what to say. He took a deep breath and glanced again at Lucifer who was staring at him unfeeling. “Because they’re going to take you away to somewhere much better. And really wonderful things are going to happen.”
“Hey, I said I’m taking care of it so I’m taking care of it, alright?” He told him.
“But...I don’t want to leave you,” Jack replied, anxiety twisting his face.
“He stepped into the library I think,” Gabe had told her with a shrug. “If he’s caught in some book and wants to miss supper that’s his funeral.”
“You’re a good dad, Cas,” she told him. “But don’t you think, I mean don’t you think it’s a little bigger than Jack? I mean, it’s sort of obvious you’re holding yourself back for more reasons than that.”
. Jack didn’t seem offended though and broke into a smile, a twinkling little
“Yes, Dean,” Jack replied. “If he, well, he’s a fisherman, and you said he cared about you, and would care about us, so I thought- maybe…”
“I do,” Dean nearly spat the words out. Then the lines in Dean’s forehead softened and Cas felt such a strange calm wash over him, as if his old blind faith in this man was returning. “I look at Jack, all day today, the kid never shut up and I- I love him, Cas. I love him, I do, really, as if he was my own. He’s so perfect. I was thinking it all day, I love him and I love-”
Jack knew only a few things for sure. He knew that when the sun came up they had to go outside to the coop to feed the chickens and collect the eggs (but if he overslept his father would do it for him); he knew that all day there was lots of work to do on the garden and time to sit and take care of his lessons; he knew that sometimes his father went into town but he wasn’t to go with him, in fact he was to never leave the wooden fence lining their property, and he knew that his father loved him more than anything in the world.
“I think I’ll need you forever,” Jack said and his father smiled.
Seeing Cas, with his big adoring blue eyes was one thing, but Jack looked at him like he was a superhero and he didn’t know whether to hate or love the kid for it. What was Jack to him anyway? Something between a godson, a stepson, and just a run of the mill son. The first was palatable, the second frightening, and the last enough to make him want to run for the hills. He’d already failed the kid harder than either Cas or Jack could understand. He’d abandoned them, left them to a fate worse than death, he’d been late, ages too late, he hadn’t been able to tell his own mother even a fraction of the truth, and he felt nothing but shame when he even so much as thought about either of them. To share a room was like burning alive.
“It wasn’t Sam, it couldn’t be! He didn’t feel tall enough and he wouldn’t…” she trailed off into sobs.
As she stood on the staircase to her room Anna tore open the letter. The words stared down at her. Yelling at her.
“I don’t like the idea of you home alone with him all day. I think you’re tearing yourself apart.”
Cas stayed where he was, he didn’t know how to move his legs anymore, he realized. Jack turned into him.
“I-” Dean started but Cas cut him off.
“I’m not angry at you,” Cas said, quiet and slightly sulky in such a way that undermined his point. “I just want you to be alright. For their sake, and yes, selfishly for my own, I want you to be here, but mostly I just want you to not be with him. Because it’s killing you, I know it is, and I wish you would admit that. You don’t deserve the shit he puts on you, you never did.”
The words stare down at him. A barefaced accusation. He should burn it but there’s such a note of truth, more truth than he’s ever been able to put into words perhaps his whole life. So instead he folds it carefully and lets it lie by the foot of his bed. He sets about another apology, a proper one. One with things like “Dear Cas, you’ve been my best friend for years and it scares me how much I care. I never should treat you the way I do. I’d do anything to make things right.” Awful, vulnerable things, but not criminal. When he was done, he folded it as well, fetched an envelope, grabbed a paper from his bed and put it in writing
“He attends Oxford with me, he’s studying law,” Anna added. “Father pays for it.” Ruby walked over to him.
“You were supposed to save him!” Jack shouted.
It was a perfect day for swimming, crisp and warm. Anna had wanted to go for the sole goal of cooling off, but soon found she loved the magic of it on its own. She pulled her head underwater and let her eyes take in the blue green waters of the river. She mostly let herself lie in a backstroke, but Dean beside her was taking a more adventurous route, and she couldn’t deny to enjoy watching him do flips or strong long strokes, splashing about in the water with a sort of childlike joy. She once treaded beside him, meeting his green eyes, and smiling, his eyes following her as well.
“Alright, get the flour, okay kid?” He said Jack nodded, he went to go but Dean gently tightened his grip on him before he could. “Jack. We’re gonna talk about this more later but, I need you to hear this right now- what I did, it was unforgivable. And I am so sorry. And I promise you, I promise, that I’m never going to hurt you again. I promise that.”
“He’s...he’s engaged in behaviors, in the past, that would make it seem he had that capacity, mummy should I…” again she looked at Naomi.
“Where’d you learn that song?”
The anger left Dean then and he stood there, stock still, watching the weeping angel at his feet.
Claire was openly hostile during the third visit, never letting John even alone in a room with Jack or Cas. He had laughed to Dean about his girl being a chip off the old block but none of them had found it particularly funny. It hadn’t really mattered because by the end of the day after he had showed up, Cas had moved the three of them out to the motel and informed Dean they were staying there until John found a place of his own.
“Don’t get your feathers in a twist,” he complained and handed it to him.
“Are you surprised?” Cas questioned and Dean shrugged.
“I would never touch her like that! And neither would Dean! We were both looking for the boys like everyone else!” He felt frantic and would have torn his own hair out if he could. “We split up at a fork in the woods, but we were in the woods, not the lawn, I swear it.” He could feel his own voice slipping back into the rougher tongues of his youth, and his cheeks were flushing with anxiety.
Anna wanted to say,
“I know I’m no one to give love advice,” he began and she snorted. “But you don’t want regrets. Not in this life. If it’s unsaid it’ll probably never be said.”
, to a man who couldn’t hear it, and then turned to Naomi.
“They said it was impossible,” Cas got out but Dean shook his head.
“Why must you get her angry?” Cas asked. “It becomes a fuss for all of us.”
“You won though. And Sam and you fought the devil when he was my age too,” Claire added. “I’m not afraid, Dean,” she then said seriously. “Not to die or anything. I know you think that’s kid talk but it’s not. I’ve faced death as much as anyone, I know what it’s made of. It isn’t pretty and it isn’t peaceful and it certainly isn’t brave or glorious. I’m prepared for it though. I want to fight. I want my revenge. And if…” she paused for a moment and he hadn’t seen her look so overcome with emotion since she was eighteen, “if that little boy is all that’s left of Cas… then I want to get him back. By any means necessary.”
Those truths were useful to him at age five, almost six, just as much as he knew how rain fell or how many months it took a caterpillar to turn into a butterfly, but he couldn’t deny a desire to know more. There were, he knew, people out there outside of his father and himself, more creatures than the chickens and the cat and the birds that flew across the sky or the ants that marched across their kitchen floor in the summer. There were other places, full of people, even other children like him, he knew this from picture books and stories and videos and faded photographs. The mention of them made his father always stiffen, but could always lead to some soft worded and rambling story. There were stories about angels and demons and everything in between, and always at the center of it all: a tall man with green eyes and steady but firm hands.
“I’ve heard it turns people into vegetables,” Gabriel said darkly. “That’s what he’ll do, mummy. Turn Cas into a living doll.”
“Do it yourself,” she attempted to pass it back, he pushed it back to her.
As the college acceptances flooded in, Cas wasn’t actually surprised when Jack said he wanted to take a gap year, and he didn’t fight him on it either. It would be good for him to earn some of the tuition. Out of state for the University of Michigan, where it seemed pretty sure he was going, would be steep, and it was going to be far from home too. Jack needed a little time, they both did. Besides, even after all those years, Cas still couldn’t say no to him. Not for anything. When he told Dean the plan over the phone he had sounded fine with it but added before he hung up.
“He will be though. Psyched. He’s so lonely lately, it’ll be good for him.”
“Well, I figured you’ve endured enough years of your dad’s cooking and it’s high time someone made you a proper breakfast. So, I’m frying up some bacon and I’m gonna get some flapjacks on to go with that, you wanna help?”
“Please,” Dean choked out. “Please. Don’t do this to him. Don’t. I’ll do anything. Kill me, you can have that, be the people that killed Dean Winchester. I won’t come back. But let him go. You can’t do this to him, you can’t.”
“You’re terrible.”
“Of course I did. I think you know by now I couldn’t forget you if I tried” Cas replied, voice hard and insistent. Dean gripped his chair tightly.
“Dad…” he said, voice soft and rough, accosted with so many faces and the sun and the smell of fresh air. He had never dreamed of his boy getting these things again. It couldn’t be real, it couldn’t be. It was a trick, some cruel trick.
The cousins arrived less than an hour later, standing in the middle of the great hall like three lost little lambs. The oldest, Ruby was dressed smartly in wide red slacks that sat high on her hips and a dusty brown blouse. The two little fat faced twins, Alfie and Sammy, were in matching sailor suits. Cas and Anna were there to greet all three with hugs, Anna kissing both of Ruby’s cheeks. Their mother, Naomi, stood stiffly behind them, a charming smile on her face that never seemed to fully reach her eyes. Charles, their father, was still at work in London.
“Gabe? We have the same eyes.”
As he stepped outside the bright morning sun hit his eyes. He shaded them with his free hand to see what was outside and found himself facing a familiar face. Tall, confident, and dressed all in black, a scythe in her hand, he blinked at Billie. His arms felt empty and he realized Jack’s weight was gone from them.
“Well, too bad, he’s dead. And soon they will be too,” Lucifer glibly stated. Jack screamed then.
“Go with him, Jack,” Cas told him. “It’s what I want and it’s the right thing. I never should have taken you in the first place. Do it.”
“Of course,” Cas assured him.
“No. I want my dad back, my real dad,” Jack said, thinking those words would bring tears in his own eyes but finding only anger, unquenchable anger.
“Mummy said she conceived me the night before he left.” It was a story Cas had been told many times, a last loving night between their usually buttoned up parents. He liked it.
, he told himself and it didn’t ring even a little false. Dean lay beside him, sweaty and freckled and snoring and smelling just a little rank. He was drowsily pressing a kiss into Cas’s shoulder and holding him tightly from behind, resting his head upon the crook of his neck. Cas smiled as he watched the sun from outside his window, their window, he realized suddenly. From now on it was their window.
“No way, they’re like- like vegetables pretending to be meat, they’re gross,” Dean ranted and Cas laughed, quiet and low, holding himself back, Dean assumed, so as to not wake up the two children. “The fact that I’m raising two kids who will willingly order it on a friggin pizza…”
They went out that weekend, finding a good spot on the lake far from the house and the grave and Dean taught Jack all the basics, how to cast a good line and helped him dig for worms for bait (Jack’s favorite part). Once all that was set up, the day became quite quiet and peaceful, not much happening besides them staring out at the water, sun on their faces and Dean keeping his mind as blank as possible. There were only occasional interludes of them getting bites and reeling their fish out before throwing them back in. Jack seemed to like the mercy of that and waved goodbye every time.
“Cut the crap,” he said.
The day came in a weird emotional rush. Jack had come to him the night before and cried in his lap. Cas had stroked his hair as they sat on the couch, the local news from the television washing over them like white noise.
It hadn’t been good for Jack, though, and they’d both known it. He would never say anything, but he was unhappy. He missed Cas, missed the bunker, missed being able to laugh and listen to pop music and be a kid. He couldn’t stand the long hours of silence that fell between her and Dean. There was nothing comfortable in it for Jack. He would never complain, and he loved to help people, but they could both see it, how it was killing him.
“It doesn’t make it up. Nothing makes it up. But it is true,” Dean told him. “And I love you. You’re my only son and I love you like hell.”
“Cas, do you remember your cousin Ishim?” And Cas vaguely did, he was much older and had a harsh face, the son of one of mummy’s stepbrother’s from her father’s first marriage, he was more than twice his age. He was a doctor, he had remembered, vaguely. But of what he couldn’t remember. “He was sick too, very sick, when he was just about your age. And the family sent him away to rest and be cured and soon he was perfectly healthy, perfectly fine.”
“I’ll kill you! You bitch! I’ll kill you!” Cas had screamed, straining against Gabe’s arms wrapped around him.
“Alright,” Dean said. And Jack went to the cupboard.
“Cassie!” He extended his arms and the child in Cas let him leap into them. Cas had grown taller than Gabe in recent years and he couldn’t spin him around like when he was younger, but he still wrapped him tightly in his arms. After a few seconds, he let him go.
Jack slept a lot of the time, more than he ever had before. It was the only escape. Cas couldn’t sleep himself, but instead would join his son in his dreams, his angelic abilities still able to do a task that simple. They were strange and unformed, made of movies and television and their old house. Sometimes that made him want to weep, Jack had lived such a short time, there was next to nothing for him to dream of. Cas didn’t weep though, not ever. Jack would always see it and he couldn’t have that. Instead, he would manipulate the dreams, a gentle touch here or there to infuse them with Cas’s own memories, create a more detailed reality, or a more pleasant dream. Jack never had nightmares, he made sure of that.
“And tomorrow Claire says we can go into town and get milkshakes and meet her friend Kaia because she’s visiting and she thinks I’ll like her a lot,” Jack was saying. “I don’t know if you’ve ever had a milkshake because you never made me any. It’s ice cream and milk and they mix it together and put whipped cream and a cherry on it. You’d like it I think but say I shouldn’t have too much because it’s very sugary.”
, he said and pointed back at himself. Cas had held him so tight that night and not said a word against him when he had woken up the next morning hung over and miserable.
“I know,” Cas replied in a soft voice.
Dean kissed him again for that, half out of guilt and half out of tenderness.
“That’s an awful thing to say,” Cas responded sourly.
and Dean smiled back.
Cas looked up in fury but then back down at his son with gentle eyes.
“You saved my life now,” he started to walk off, not looking at her. “I’ll be eternally grateful.”
“Oh was there?”
“I don’t understand what you mean by that,” he said sharply.
“No,” Cas said sharply, cutting off his son’s babbling despair. “No, that isn’t true.”
“Dean…”
“If we’re not going to discuss this like adults, you might as well leave,” Naomi said primly and Gabriel sulked into the corner. “What do you suggest? In your expertise as a physician of course.”
“I know. It was wrong of me,” Dean replied.
Cas was silent. There was no other option, he knew that. His only hope was Dean getting there in time and as much as he loved the man it was things like this that he was always late for. The prospect of it all welled up inside of Cas. He wouldn’t cry though. He wouldn’t give Lucifer that satisfaction.
The crisis was averted before the smoke alarm went off, but the sandwich was charred beyond recognition. Cas had whipped up another as Jack happily sat at the table and doodled. Dean, for his part, stood stock still in the doorway watching it all. In the face of the burning grilled cheese, Cas’s deathly threats seemed to be temporarily put on hold. Dean couldn’t truly fathom how much he still trusted him. They mostly let the cooking go in silence, with Dean answering little questions from Jack along the way. He only addressed one thing to Cas, as he served the sandwich up.
“Honestly Cassie, you were born in 1915. Daddy left for the war in 1914. You do the math.”
“Uh...yeah…yeah…” Jack said, giving Cas a look who gave him a nod of consent. Dean clapped a hand to Jack’s shoulder.
“What do you want me to say?”
He used to hunt with them, immediately after everything had happened with Chuck and Amara and the Empty, after they won and lost everything at once. Neither of them could stay in the Bunker, that was obvious right away. So they had driven out to Sioux Falls and found her and the three of them had drifted across the country for a few years, doing cases and sleeping in motels, hustling pool to get by, just like she knew Dean had done as a kid himself. It had been good, she’d thought. No responsibilities except to each other, endless quiet nights drinking beer on the hood of the car, all that had been lost being left carefully unspoken. And they made a hell of a team, the three of them. Her and Jack especially, easily picking up each other’s blind spots. Him inquisitive and caring while she was restless and brutal but they had equally reckless demeanors which led to a feeling of invincibility. And Dean, undeniably a master hunter, was an endless pool of knowledge and patience and experience. And he needed them so badly she knew it hurt him.
, I learned to fire a gun before I learned to write!” and Cas didn’t know how to tell him that hearing that broke his heart in two. It had been not long since moving to Washington, though, that Jack began to call him dad, as everyone sort of expected him to do so, and it never stopped filling Cas up each time he heard it.
“Hello, baby brother,” Lucifer said and held his archangel blade towards his throat. Cas raised his own blade in response. “I really wouldn’t do that if I were you. I may not be at full power but we have the place surrounded. And you’re gonna do what I say.”
“That’s not good enough! You betray me? Run off with some chick you barely knew? To raise the devil’s bastard? Why? Why couldn’t you tell me where you were?” Dean demanded, shaking him.
“I’ll call Rowena,” Sam supplied. Dean nodded and made his way up the stairs.
“Who are you?” The boy asked and Dean took a step back then. “Daddy, who is he?”
“I am,” he said and suddenly Cas felt weird cold, distant anger rise in him.
“So it’s because we’re sort of family?” she concluded. Dean nodded.
“I already tested him,” Claire called but Dean didn’t move.
“This is Jack,” Cas said plainly.
“It was terrible.”
“It’s what everyone seems to say,” said Dean. “Don’t know what could stop it.”
They were three humans. And dragged with them was, bloodied beyond belief, eyes nearly swollen shut, looking as bad as he had in the crypt, Dean Winchester. Despite his state, a part of Cas he would usually deny existed but was fundamental to his nature, saw Dean and immediately felt relief, that familiar voice in the back of his head saying
“Is this how people behave when they get older?”
“Well, can Castiel come?” Jack asked. Lucifer paused as if considering it.
“Shit, I’m sorry-“ he began, but Cas quickly shook his head.
“I expect I do. So do you, by the way,” Dean replied. “Which is strange, I used to think you’d stay like you were forever, here you are now, you don’t even got the trenchcoat. You wear cardigans now. Never thought I’d live to see the day.”
Eventually, of course, he did break away and studied his son’s face, how had he grown, still holding his body in his arms, cupping his face with his hands, drying the steadily pouring tears that he knew were also coming from his own eyes and laughing. Cas felt he could laugh for the rest of his life.
“Don’t worry,” he told him. “Don’t cry, it’s going to be alright. We have each other, understand? I’ll care for you and you for me. I’ll tell you every story I know and no one will ever hurt us, okay? It’s going to be just fine, Jack. I promise. Don’t be afraid. The world- the world is bad and frightening but in here we’ll be safe. And we’ll outlive them all. You and me, we’ll make each other happy, I promise we will.”
it. And last night, out on the lawn, I saw Sam. And we spoke and somehow I told him about that. And he sort of grinned and said he’s always felt the same. Only he...he
“You know I’m an angel not a demon but I think this might be necessary to seal it. I won’t go for the lips though, I’m aware who you were saving that for,” Lucifer said and kissed Cas on the cheek. He wondered how it could feel more like a slap than anything else. He’d received enough slaps that had felt like kisses, it was strange to feel the reverse. “Let’s get this done then.”
“Cas you didn’t tell me he got here!” Anna called. She stood there in a light green dress, looking lovely as ever.
“Jody mention to you how that all turned out for me? Fighting a prince of hell? Wasn’t pretty,” Dean remarked, heading towards his ever faithful bottle of Jack Daniels where it waited on the war table. Claire hopped up onto the table and glared at him.
“Alright, let’s not upset your dad,” he told him. “You know how he is. We’ll get you some gelato then, is that cool, Cas?”
“That’s really kind Allison, but I just don’t have time to date,” he said. “My work, and Jack. I mean, it’s not really my priority.”
“Who did this to you?” Dean asked him desperately, as if that would fix anything.
“He was perfectly healthy when he came here! You made him sick!” Gabriel shouted.
“Yes. I always come back to you. And you to me,” Cas assured him. Dean walked closer then as if remembering his limbs could move. He came close to Cas’s face and cupped it with his hand. Cas leaned into his palm, comfortable and trusting. “You took care of him. You did just what I asked. I can never repay you.”
“Yeah, it was a good time. He’s a good kid,” Dean responded. “He told me something interesting though, something you maybe neglected to mention.”
a lot of anna in this one, some slightly gory descriptions of war wounds, nothing worse than you find in supernatural itself. also the book jack references is brighton rock for those interested, it's one of my personal favorites. very fun and catholic and creepy.
“No, Cas,” he responded. “I always thought he looked like a stranger amongst you all.
“You were a kid.”
They fixed the cottage up. Put some new paint on the roof and cleaned the stone walls. Cas filled it with wildflowers though Dean does most of the cooking (Cas doesn’t have much of a knack for it). They keep bees and chickens and their garden is a mess because Cas is too tender hearted to weed. They have an old truck and drive into town every so often to sell eggs and honey, where the quiet Irish folk regard them with suspicion but indifference. Meg visits them sometimes, when she gets a weekend, and Balthazar does too, though Dean has never truly taken to him like Cas did. They love unselfconsciously and easily and Cas finds that the fire within him is a pleasant simmer and Dean finds the shame in his heart has eased. Once they found a young boy lost in the woods and they took him in, fattened him up, and called him their own. They know pain, but they like to, broken bones, burns from the stove, fights over nothing, and it’s pain they can bear easily, simple parts of existence. Sometimes they think about things past and can do nothing but smile, safe in the knowledge that all that business is over. Light pours in easily through the windows and they've never been somewhere warmer or safer and when they take the moments to notice details like this, they smile secret smiles at one another and need no words at all. They work hard and sleep heavily at night, exhausted after each day, and dream gently in each other’s arms.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “Yeah, I think you’re right. We do.”
“There’s a Mr. and Mrs. Winchester here to see you, ma’am. Should I let them in?” A frizzy haired stage hand asked her, popping her head in and Anna nodded.
“What-a-lism?” Dean questioned.
“Something like that,” she told him, and ran her tongue over her teeth. “What do you say?”
“Well, I was in a relationship with um, well with Jack’s other father, but we aren’t together right now. He lives in Kansas.” He had put it bluntly enough that anyone who knew him knew the conversation was over with that.
“I’ll protect him with my life,” he swore. Cas smiled.
“A pleasure,” Anna responded.
Sam’s face darkened.
“Nothing,” Dean said. “Nothing, just get on it.”
“The school says we only get two,” Cas had explained.
As the weeks went by, Cas and Jack began to get stronger and more capable of venturing out on their own. Jack, he would see running around in the yard, and he was a strange sight to Dean: a little boy’s gestures in a young man’s body. It was strangely endearing and he always felt a tug in his chest to go out and ask him what he was playing at. But he never had the nerve.
“Shh, wait until the end of the song, please,” Cas asked him and he smiled fondly and waited for the last bit of the crooning to come to its climactic conclusion. The two lovers collapsed into one another’s arms and he expected some early 60s approved heavy petting was about to take place. He took the opportunity to head over to Cas on the sofa and press a soft kiss to his lips. He felt Cas smile into him and then wrap his own hand around the back of his head and pull Dean in, deepening the kiss. Dean let himself fall onto the couch beside Cas, his head resting on his shoulder. Cas kept his hand on him, caressing the back of Dean’s neck. “You smell like grease.”
“Everything feels like stolen time, but this-”
, he muttered to himself and sent her yet another frantic text. It was moments before they were to begin that Cas saw him. Typical navy blue suit, neatly cut hair, steely eyed expression and cocky grin, people were standing in the row to let him pass as Cas stayed sitting, shell shocked. After all these years, he could still surprise him.
“See you soon!” Jack called, looking uncertain and frightened, the salutation phrased more as a question, but mostly he looked calm. That was good, Cas thought, if he was calm he stood a chance. Jack picked his hand up and waved at him. Cas waved back. Then with a flutter of wings they were both gone.
“Well, she certainly worships you. Poor misguided thing. Just like the angel in that way,” Rowena said and then paused, gaging his looks. “I am sorry about that, darling. I know he meant more to you than you can put into words.”
“Dean!”
“Yeah. I do,” Dean told him. “Listen, I’m gonna put it all aside. I’m gonna stop hunting. Hell, I’m gonna give Claire the Impala, it’s high time she got it anyway, and I’m gonna stay here and I’m gonna be good to you both. It’s not gonna...it’s never gonna make up for it. Nothing can, Cas I’m so sorry, to you both. For what I did, what I said- I was scared, you understand? I was scared to love you both because of how...how weak it made me, what it said about me. But I’m not scared, anymore. Or maybe I still am but I think I want this more than I’m scared of it. I don’t have much time left to fix this, but if you’ll let me, I want to. I want to fix it. So can I stay?”
Cas was pretty sure, though, due to the resilience of youth, that Jack would slowly get better and adjust. With any luck he’d only have the vaguest of memories of this time when he grew up. Cas himself was older, set in his ways, and everything about him had been feeling fragile for ages. It wasn’t something that he had spoken to Dean about, but he knew he wasn’t hunting again. He didn’t want to and also didn’t think he could. He was tired, just exhausted right down to his bones. He knew he wasn’t going back to the bunker either. Safest place in the world, sure, but they couldn’t live underground like that. If he couldn’t see natural light all the time he was sure he’d lose it. Of course, they couldn’t stay in Washington indefinitely, not knowing the angels knew their location, but he’d find somewhere else, somewhere safe and hidden away. Everything in him told him to take Jack and run, as far and as fast as he could and let the world forget them. The only thing keeping him was the one man who ever kept him anywhere.
When the angels came for them Cas wasn’t ready. He had warded the house, of course, but not enough, and he hadn’t half the powers he used to. Most of his time had been consumed with caring for Jack who got bigger everyday (he’d woken up one morning and found him aged from eleven to sixteen, those sort of things were commonplace in the months since his birth and by the time they came he looked nearly an adult). And even though Jack’s body seemed to be aging, his mind was essentially at the same rate. The aging he had asked him to stop but the boy had admitted it was involuntary. Cas had sighed and given in. There had been so much to teach him, that had been all he could think of then.
“You knew it was him,” the inspector asked, “or you saw him?”
“Why do you even care? What’s he to you?” He asked. “You were raised to kill freaks like him.”
Cas found himself harshly intaking a breath that he didn't need, hoping Jack didn’t notice.
Cas had just come in from a walk about the grounds. He loved, though he would rarely deign to admit it to anyone, to get up early and feel the sun on his skin and be alone amongst the flowers and bees of their family’s estate. It was simpler and easier, he thought, than any of his studies at school and while he loved books and learning, he would trade it all away for this. When he lay among the wildflowers, the parts of the garden not kept pristine by his mother’s iron fist, he could close his eyes and picture himself out somewhere up north, maybe even in Scotland or Ireland, where no one knew his name. He’d have a little land, miles from any town and a cottage with just a few rooms. He wouldn’t have to think about much more than getting from day to day, tending his chickens and his garden and maybe keeping a few bees, selling honey and eggs and such in town once a week. It was a fantasy, he knew that, he’d never done any sort of labor in his life. But it was a nice daydream. He’d gather wildflowers and imagine they were to brighten up his house, make it nice and pretty before...before someone got home that evening, smelling of forest and wet mud and sweat. Someone who might wrap him up in gentle arms and ask if he had dinner ready on the table. There was always this someone with him, in the cottage fantasies, but he made sure to not let it go on long enough to see their face.
At the end of the day when his dad would tuck him into bed and Dean would watch from the doorway, smiling at them both. Jack loved that one quiet moment of the two of them lying together in the dark, though the moment after when he inevitably had to go was a little hard. It was alright though, he considered, because if he strained his neck just enough he could always catch a glimpse of his dad kissing Dean in the dim hallway light, before they headed off to bed themselves. Jack always thought that was a good image to send himself off to sleep with. He never felt quite so safe and so loved as he did then. He liked to imagine his father felt just the same.
“West Side Story,” Cas replied and Dean smiled. He remembered that Cas loved that movie, had talked to him about it avidly from when they had first met.
Cas was not told beforehand. Everyone had decided it would be better for him that way. No fuss and all. Somehow Balthazar had found out though and he had spent the days leading up to it strange and weepy and leaving Cas on edge because of it. Meg had known as well and written to Gabriel who gave her a tense, short response telling her there was nothing to be done, that his solicitors had misled him and his case at releasing Cas was hopeless. All he asked of her was to care for his brother afterwards, as best she could.
By the river all three men were in bathing costumes. Ketch and Gabriel lay out in lawn chairs, sunbathing. Cas, on the other hand, was busy in the water, never feeling more like someone’s kid brother than in that moment as he seemed to splash about like a child just a ways off.
“Jack, he hasn’t had an easy life. He was um very sick when he was very young. And I almost lost him. You can’t imagine…” he found himself lost for words and took a breath to steady himself. “It was difficult with my ex too, very difficult especially at the end. I guess it’s still difficult with us, whenever we see him. And I, I mean I have not been the perfect father either. And Jack almost lost me too. I took Jack here to give him as fresh a start as possible, to make his life as good as it could be. And my every day now, I mean I devote it to him. I’m alive so that I can take care of him. He’s my whole world. I just don’t think I can let anyone into that world. Not now or maybe ever.”
