Stumbling through his archway, Cas detours from the kitchen as he finds the rest of the house already conscious. Claire and Kaia sit hunched over on the couch, both digging into bowls of cereal from Cas’s pantry while watching a cartoon. He snatches the box, shaking it. Nothing rattles inside. “This is how you repay me?”
Dean turns. Instead of a thin, linen shirt, there’s a starched white button-down. Blue tie where he expected a scarf and chunky necklace. Dark hair with touches of gray, and blue eyes rimmed red with tears. “Cas…”
One day while tending the horses, Steve noticed how Dean’s focus drifted every few seconds, drawn to the saddles. “We can go for a ride,” he mentioned, “one night, around the property.”
Their moment lasts too long and not enough. Seeing Dean, on top of the pounding bass matching the beat of his drumming heart and his body being knocked back and forth by careless revelers unknowing about what happened in the backroom; it all becomes too much for him. He suffocates in the packed building. On the edge of his vision blackening, Cas regains his senses and runs. Breaks through the doors and won’t stop until he leans against his car. Choking, gasping for air he cannot hold. It’s like he drowns under a riptide he gladly swam into, aware of the danger.
.” Buddy’s finger squeezed the trigger and it fired, the gunshot overpowering Jack’s persistent crying.
He slides back a few inches, laughing. “Claire!” Cas hugs her, too, then pries free from her grip, “Have you gotten taller? Or are you at the age where you don’t grow anymore?”
She huffed, fiddling with one of the rings on her fingers. Sam noted how it, like all the other pieces of her jewelry, was gold. “You’re looking at her,” she said, “I
He steps around the mess, grabbing her third victim before she could attack. “Hey,” he says, “what are you doing? People could get hurt!”
“So it’s soon?” Chuck’s lips thin, stretched closed. Restraint crumbles, Cas leaping forward. “Tell me what you’ve planned -!”
“I don’t think it matters,” Dean told him, “Grey hairs can strike at any time. I once worked with a hunter who rocked the salt-n-pepper, she was twenty-five. Said her parents got ‘em early, too. Maybe that’s the case with Jimmy?”
Dean slams his hands on the table, startling him. “Dammit Cas,” he hisses, meeting him halfway across the table, “Can you
Cas enters, and suddenly Dean’s carefully perfected smolder is extinguished. He throws a hand across his face, hiding his wide grin. Snorts and ducks his head, gaze still trained on his boyfriend.
“How you described your life above I… I find myself relating,” Castiel says, “There are times where I feel trapped by my circumstances, bound by a duty that I had never asked for… keeping me from pursuing what I truly want.”
So Jack showed them his first story… then his next… speeding through them until he let them read the Word document he whipped up for today.
His comment struck at a weak point, knocking Dean off-rhythm. Dean let his guard slip for a second, enough for Cas to see a flicker of anxiety explode behind his eyes like a firework dud. “I was in the area,” Dean argues, tripping over his tongue, “not that I need to justify myself to you –“
Cas bites his tongue. Refrains from the lecture bubbling underneath his skin. How alcohol and acid were apples and oranges. That a mind unused to such tinctures can soar into some scary skies. Led there by mistrustful navigators, like Dean was. Those same people who launched him there in the first place. Him and every other partygoer, forced through some sick recruitment scheme. If it weren’t for Cas’s intervention, Dean might have…
Besides all the good joy his writings brought him, the rest of his happiness stemmed from how the Bunker and its residents finally drove onto the road to recovery. The atmosphere inside his home lightened considerably with each passing day, putting the memory of when Michael escaped Dean's mind farther and farther in their rearview mirror.
“You also get to help people,” Dean continued, pausing briefly for a smoke. “In ways that don’t involve…
. Thought I might give it a shake, see what all the fuss is about. And, hey, if I don’t like it, I can just cut it right? It’s only hair.”
Standing in front of him, Castiel places the amulet back around Dean’s neck. He ties it deftly, without looking, staring into Dean’s ever paler face. Counting the freckles in an attempt to stay calm. His fingers don’t stop shaking until he sees light begin glowing beneath Dean’s skin.
“All right, enough of that,” Cas pries Dean from his body, neck aflame from where he was. “Let’s get you inside.” Luckily, there were no further delays. Dean complied, quietly shuffling beside him. And the girls were curled on either side of the couch, worn from the exciting night as they were. “C’mon,” he whispers, tugging Dean deeper into the apartment. Hands still joined from before. “My room’s this way.”
It’s how they met. With his ink black suit and pasty skin, it was no shock that Fergus Crowley spent most of his time working within the shadows. Going above and beyond the duties of a real estate lawyer. One day, Crowley heard from an associate that a certain representative of California was tangled in some serious business that would affect his chances for re-election. He sent this information onto Cas along with a roll of unmarked bills requesting help. Cas had trouble saying no, too. The gig allowed Cas an intimate glimpse of the Senator, along with many others at the sex party, and with the negatives Crowley gained even more leverage. Because of his stellar product, Crowley threw in a free favor as they parted ways.
“Tracy!” Eve calls, clapping. Tracy faces them, hair bouncing from the spin. His next smile is more genuine, compelled naturally. It falls the more Eve speaks. “Can you please fetch me and my guest a cigarette, and a lighter? Quickly!”
Fitting, given the last time Cas was in the area it was a small Mexican-American community on the verge of being bulldozed by developers. Cas remembers a time when he and his friend Cesar sat outside his porch and shared grass, discussing horrible futures such as that. “Don’t know where I would go,” Cesar muttered, flicking the nub to the ground, “I grew up here, man. Why should I abandon ship when those pasty assholes can kick up their heels anywhere else?”
“Actually, I do,” Kelly admits, grimacing, “My neighbors told me what happened when I got home. And then they called me, the
Mia left the bathroom, diverging briefly for the armoire in her office. She kept a few outfits inside, at least one article of clothing for each size. Her eyes caught a simple, grey button-down and a pair of jeans, not caring to put on much else.
“It don’t matter, Cas,” Dean tells him, “we’re here now… that’s all that counts.” They quiet and continue their embrace, mouths hungry for each other.
exist to them, and because of that they have no knowledge of what consequences their actions lead to.”
“You really thought I was Cas, didn’t you?” Laughing, Lucifer towers over him. “I figured you’d catch on but… I underestimated you. And for that I’m sorry.” He devours these new emotions radiating from Dean, eagerly lapping them up. “I’m also sorry that you’ve convinced you deserve a happy ending,” he twists the knife further. Dean flinches, turning. Fleeing. Lucifer shouts at his retreating figure. “That’s not your story, Dean! Don’t ask for more, be happy with what you have!”
Roman Ventures competed with hippies for fair use of real estate, rolling over art with their cookie cutter advertising. Spouting off about their excellent team of investors guided in a mission to help clients hoard their money smartly, spearheaded by a stock market guru who capitalism spit from her womb like he was Venus emerging from the shell.
Cas agrees with a choked gasp, sweltering from Dean’s overheated body. Even with a scrap of fabric protecting him from fully embracing the natural lifestyle, his skin runs
Dressed, she shuffled back towards Dean. He moved from the kitchen since Mia left, sitting on one of her sofas in the living room. Dean didn’t flinch when she stepped on a loose floorboard, though its creaking startled her enough to make a tiny gasp. Dean’s focus lingered on his lap, held there with grit and determination if his trembling shoulders were any indication.
“Not that I’m ungrateful or anything…” Dean sighs, biting his lip. “Why are you doing this? Helping me?”
Sam’s resolve stayed firm. He flexed his toes against the carpet as the silence dragged on, Dean obviously warring with himself over whether to accept Sam’s terms or storm out like Sam feared he might. The tension snapped with a high-pitched squeal from Jack, followed by some more clapping that had Dean saying, “Fine. Hurry up, then.” He didn’t lift his head until the door closed behind Dean and it’s him and Jack left in the room.
to celebrate. And sure, it’s not like we didn’t do just that… in front of all our friends and families… and a few exes… and uninvited guests –“
“…That’s not your fault. Those were Jack’s words. Unless…” his hand reaches out to Dean’s, “you never would have said them if –“
“This time they’re not even willing to stand in the same room,” Sam confesses, “Ever since they found out about your meddling…”
“And in that vision,” Serafina adds, swaying with Adam. Fingers threaded through his curls, petting him, while his oil-covered hands stained her patchwork skirt. “He saw you two sticking around for a few more days.”
He was mortal, once. Part of humanity; sharing in their highs and lows. Could enjoy the taste of pie or the warmth of a nice blanket even if his health deteriorated and the clock ticked ever closer to his death. With his status returned Jack feels removed from the collective. Like consuming Michael’s grace was the same as taking a roll of cellophane and stretching it over and over his face until everything became an unfamiliar blur.
Dean scowls despite how dedicated Adam works at kneading the skin above his tailbone. “You wouldn’t understand, okay. Being the first person gives you leeway, make your own rules. I was born into a certain role – there was an image I had to fit. If I wanted to survive and I… and it got easy, over time. I wasn’t hurting anyone –“
Dean and Castiel glance at each other and then, after meeting gazes, quickly dart away with rosy cheeks. Jack skews his head to the side at that, curiosity striking against his pity party. However before he can ask any questions, Sam lets loose a slow chuckle.
He tucks the flower behind his ear; carries on towards the front door. Cas knocks three times in quick succession. Glancing at the driveway, he sees a lone, beige sedan with its paint peeling in places. It shouldn’t be too long, then.
Her shoulders tensed. Mia straightened to her full height; her expression now free of any earlier fear. “I’m not.”
He retreats, licking his wounds from Cas’s low blow. “I get that,” Dean mumbled, “but you don’t have any other hippie shoes or – hell, or even
so,” Cas corrects, drawl forcing a shiver up his spine. Visibly, judging Cas’s smug expression. Rolling his eyes, Dean climbs off the bed and advances.
“Anyway,” Dean continues, “it might seem like we did this all ass-backwards, but I could care less how we got here since
stuffed underneath. Bedspread a beautiful, rusted red. Twin sets of pillows, although only one side looks disturbed. Sheets ruffled halfway, as if no one slept on the other side. He considers that to be the case, as twin nightstands differ because of their use. One collected dust while the other held a row of books. Titles Cas gapes at, their appearance unexpected.
“Mr. Zymcka,” Ted Gaines closes a file, smiles, and reaches for Cas’s offered hand. “Please, call me Ted.” He’s shorter than Cas expected, but the added height of his shoe’s heels might sway the contest in his favor. The perfectly coiffed gray hair, stale black suit, and pale, block square jaw unfettered with stubble, however, check off the standard boxes from what Cas knows about schleps in finance.
“I know you can,” Cas nods, idling at a red light. He sighs, wringing the steering wheel. “But it’d kill me if anything were to happen to you. I can’t stop you from being at this love-in, but I trust that if you keep your nose out of my work, you’ll avoid pinging their radar… for the most part.” It’s not often he kills the mood, but tonight Cas is caught red-handed.
He quickly fell into a niche in terms of his writing. Jack’s stories would star one or two - or maybe all - of his fathers in a variety of family friendly scenes. In his world the trauma left by Michael’s siege faded, and the phantom pains from all they lost didn’t sting quite like they did when the wounds were first struck. Sam smiled easier, Dean walked with a bounce in his step, and Castiel’s shoulders dropped most of the weight he rested on them.
“That’s… really sad,” Dean tells him, “I couldn’t even imagine… at least when my ma was alive she and dad were the real deal. I always knew that if I were going to get married that I’d want it to be with someone I love.”
“I didn’t lie,” he tells Dean, “that weed was already in there. Figured you’d understand – prepare for any situation and all that shit.”
“And carrying.” Cas glances at Claire, glad she stayed far from the punch. A better head on her shoulders than most others her age. “I’ve seen parties where everyone’s tripping balls but that was… it was pretty out there, even for me. I can’t remember any happening where the whole house seemed…”
Calvin bares his neck with carefree laughter, slapping a hand over his eyes while lost in his fit. Cas rises slowly, head clearer than when he woke up. Stepping away from the other man, Cas picks an outfit from the assortment spread throughout the room. Pulls on some grey linen shorts and fastens only two of the buttons on his shirt, showcasing his tanned chest.
“Yes, but… in here? I thought you…” Jack trails off, unwilling to bring up the massacre. The scattered bodies - of their
, frozen in repose and staring into the distance. It might have been at a bathroom door, Dean’s memory supplied, but the statue saw beyond such borders. Dean wished he knew what existed where only statues can see. All he understood was the expression. Marble evoked steel. The statue displayed determination, tempered and ready for whatever barrels forward, with a hint of sorrow he must greet what is to come. The same expression shone on his savior’s face triggering his sudden recollection. Only his was brighter because of those eyes. An incomparable blue.
“Yes,” he says, “Tired of you not listening. Of not seeing with your own eyes. There’s no spell or enchantment that makes me want to stay by Dean’s side. You know why I’ve stuck by him all this time? It’s not because of my ‘sick fascination’ with humans or because of my guilt. Dean
?” Dean splutters, objections loaded like bullets in a gun. However, Cas tilts the argument in his favor, blue eyes wide and soft as if he were a puppy. A dirty trick played during battles Cas knew he would lose. Dean’s defenses crumbled, those bullets clattering on the floor. “I… guess we can. Never too early to get you and Baby better acquainted.” He rises, mournful, “Guess I better find some pants –“
“I’m used to people like him,” she said, accepting the gesture and pumping his hand twice. Mia moved onto Dean. She’s the bigger person, holding her hand out for a handshake. “If you weren’t too put off by my methods, maybe we can work on what’s bothering you in another session?”
I was worried about.” Again his eyes bore into Dean until Castiel shifts in front of him. However, Dean stops him, swimming out from behind to get between Castiel and his father.
“Yes, well, I find a lot of how therapists and therapy is portrayed on film leaves much to be desired…” She shifted, throwing a leg over her knee and laying a notebook she pulled from elsewhere on her lap. “Among other things.” She spoke so quietly, Sam almost missed it. “Anyway,” she cleared her throat, “before we get into our session, I do want to mention that even though I am a therapist, my specialization is in helping patients overcome grief-related trauma relating to deaths of loved ones. Is that okay, Mr…?”
Dean slowly rises from the face hole, Adam not fighting him this time. Leans on his elbows, staring at the floor. At the small droplet that splattered there. “What if I don’t like that person?” he mutters, “What if I look in the mirror one morning and I don’t… don’t recognize that it’s my reflection. What if I become someone so wholly different now that I… now that I
Cas shuffles over, sitting with great care. Popping the button of his jacket to hide his chubby. “I – uh… didn’t know you had company.”
Shaking his head, Cas closes the drawer. He tugs on the ends of his hair while working overtime thinking where Dean might have hidden any
Sorry for the delay - I meant to post this yesterday, but work piled up so I couldn't get a chance to give this a second glance. And then I figured YESTERDAY would be so crazy that it's probably best I wait -
If only they knew she had no choice. Motherhood demanded it, craved such violence. It was the only aspect of that beast she understood.
“I won’t ever forget you, Cas,” Dean releases his words to the wind, too, “I can’t. I’ll love you until I can join you, and then some.”
Dean drapes the towel around his neck, staring at his reflection. Marks new wrinkles he hadn’t noticed, gray hairs where dirty blond were. Sees how small his eyebags shrank.
Adam squeezes Dean’s ass over the towel, Dean yelping. “Why I’ll admit you’re a beauty, my heart is spoken for. As is yours.”
Sighing, Dean circled the table while tracing the edges of it with his fingertips. He reached the other side, where a gauzy pair of curtains hung. Dean swung his arm outward, going through the motions to free them. It’s quick work.
Rufus pales, like if Cas reached forward and pulled so tight on his belt circulation were cut off to his legs. Except Cas’s hands remained trapped at his sides. He gives Cas space, sucking on his cigarette. “Damn… I kept going back there, time after time. How could they sneak in right under my nose?” A long drag that makes every wheel in Cas’s head stop turning. “Or maybe they never left… and it’s just been a
“I’m sorry?” His cheeks hurt, instinct denying him a grin that fights for recognition. Realizing how pinched his muscles were, Cas relaxes and allows his expression to blossom. Warmth spreading freely down into his chest. “I thought you’d be happy. Telling me that I
“I’m getting some air, is all!” he yelled back, ripping the door off its hinges in his haste to leave.
Cas waited by his car while they say goodbye, Nick’s hands hovering at her waist before switching course and brushing her arm. Murmurs a parting message that made her giggle, rooted her in the empty space next to Nick’s car until he disappears from the lot, easily obscured by the lemon eyesore of his own car behind Nick's. Driving with him home and then here.
Mia approached him with care. “Dean,” she started, voice gruff but also soft, “I’m right behind you.” She laid her hand on his shoulder, overtly aware how he tensed from his words and then again, somehow worse, once she touched him.
A kid from his junior high days taught him that. How, by telling yourself what you do isn’t gay, suddenly you create your own version of truth. “Not for everything,” he warned. He paused, panting, as he – like Dean – recovered on the leather couch. Spent, video paused on his basement television, shorts –
She planted both feet on the ground, now, bent forward as she expanded on her point. “Your mother was a mystery for most your life. A puzzle with
“Wrongly.” She twists her cigarette nub in a crystal ashtray. “I love my kids because they’re mine, but that doesn’t mean I can’t hate them, too.” Eve must sense the confusion emanating from his scrunched face, as she continues, “Love and hate… they’re not so different. How can you hate something if you didn’t love it first… or experience love without knowing how awful hate is? It’s like… hippies and cops. They hate each other, but I’m sure if the other were to disappear they would greatly miss them.”
Billie nods, “Thank you. I’m glad you understand, it’s very important for us that we have this be a safe space for other black recovering addicts.” She gestures at the room, expression softening as she continues. “Me and Victor, we started this program because we noticed how other groups were failing our brothers and sisters. They were unsympathetic, and ignorant, to most of the problems they were going through. That gave context, why they did what they did. This community needed more understanding… so we filled that hole, and we’ve been hosting weekly meetings ever since.”
Dean follows his stare, and then jumps back. Tumbling out of his seat and onto the grass with an curse. “Sorry,” he says, standing. Brushing off dust and dirt. “Sorry, I – I didn’t mean to…” Dean slaps his legs, twice, and turns his head. A patch of blotchy redness creeps up past his collar along his neck. “We should probably get going.”
Jack watches the three of them from the entryway in a daze. They hold themselves at an ease completely foreign to him. From what Jack spies in no way does the darkness of their past cling to their spirits, instead all shucked away by this familial moment. As if none of the men have ever seen the life drain from a person's life numerous times. In this space of carved out normalcy, monsters don't exist. He observes, too curious to see where the conversation goes to move.
“No. There were other nifty things in that paper, like the address of the building he was staying at –“
camera –“ Cas shakes the aforementioned device, “to get evidence of his illicit affair? You’re lucky, that’s what I’m best at.”
“That girl you saw me with?” he counters, jerking his thumb towards the door, “Stole the last of my stash. I’m swinging by Serg’s tomorrow for a resupply, I’ll pick some up for you, too?”
“Explained why he was such a good student, too,” she continues, smiling. “Growing up he showed an aptitude for classwork… reports always came home with A’s and glowing remarks from his teachers. Volunteering his time when he could to help students who didn’t understand the material or clean up after his classmates when he could have been at recess.” The shiny memories must fade, because the beatific expression droops in sorrow. “But then high school… something changed like a – like a flip was switched. Somewhere in his junior year his grades started slipping. His involvement in extracurriculars stopped, too – Jack’s coach on the track team called me up, that was how I found out. That Jack left the team and started skipping classes, too. I thought he was only going through a phase, you know. New music, new clothes – it was around the time they let this other girl go at work, and I was tasked with picking up the slack until they found a replacement. I know that’s no excuse but… my mind was on other things and I trusted that Jack would have… would take care of himself.” She laughs, a pitiful thing. Collects a tear on her palm, “He always seemed to be his own parent, and I… I forgot. What a stupid thing to do.”
Crowley relaxed, inching his chair left and right. Tinny squeaks filled the air. “So? What kind of fake forms do you need? I have a lot of templates so I can outfit you with everything you need tonight.”
Cas feels a rippling heat spread from his stomach, of a long-buried emotion reviving. A jolt of embarrassment ricochets around, forcing Cas’s attention from the girls to Dean, detective suddenly bashful as well, and then on a stain on his ceiling. An odd shape he cannot remember. Thinks over possible causes until the monster traipsing through his nerves slumbers again. By then, both Kaia and Claire watch him with heightened interest.
He sighs, crushing Castiel in a hug. “You’ve always been the most like me Castiel,” he admits, “Stubborn, a servant to your heart… but with a good head on your shoulders. If this is what you want to do…”
He isn’t sure what to expect from hanging out at their commune or drinking their Kool-Aid. But, for the first time since they’ve closed the book on Chuck’s story… he’s
“Not here…” Andy tells him, guiding Mick onto the beach, “It’s uh – it’s really private info…” He and Mick’s voices fade, leaving Cas with Ketch.
“It’s the only one he would buy,” she shrugs. Looking at his rearview mirror, he sees her studying the passenger seat. “So… who is this guy,” Claire asks, kicking, “really?”
The more he focuses on the amulet, the more he’s reminded of its owner. One of the last people he wants on his mind. He places it back on the counter, abandoning it and thoughts of a freckled detective again. Walks towards the door with serious intent. Freezing only because he feels the amulet’s blank stare pierce his side.
“I don’t know,” Pamela says, “if I use a toy or two, we can call the whole thing a demonstration and write it off. We have these new love beads that came in I’ve had my eye on… remind me of the beaded curtain separating the rest of my pad from my…
Dean nods, thinking. “Then I guess it’s boob central where you come from isn’t it? All the bits floating and whatnot”
Dean sighs, reaching forward before Cas could act. Squeezes her shoulder, “Hey. You’re safe here, okay? They can’t touch you.”
Dean allows a brief show of vulnerability, burdening Cas’s rejection. Then he squares his shoulders, usual mask slipping over the shards of his expression. “Figure you’d at least ask me to be better than what I was.”
With Sam and Jack advancing, Dean crams the rest of his emotions down. Puts on a brave face. What he sees in his rearview isn’t anything like that. Trembling lips. Red, blotchy skin. Wide eyes that look more haunted than an average, Midwestern home. It’s better than how he appeared earlier. And since they’re already here, he
“No… no,” Jack starts, “Maybe I’m… maybe it isn’t me?” The argument sound weak to him, especially against the insurmountable evidence. However a small part of him can’t give up the hope that his family found their way to happiness on their own.
They stand together in t-shirts and boxers, barely an inch of space between them. No one speaks, not that they have to, but the usually comfortable silence makes Dean nervous. His focus drifts from Cas and onto the plastic conch behind him. Then, he notices how the rest of the room is decorated. Dean giggles, “Wow… it’s, this place is…”
Casting his gaze among the group, Cas expects another dead end. What nearly forces him to break character, however, was how one man’s lip snarled halfway through his story. Sat straighter in his seat while his hands balled into fists. The older man must have felt Cas’s stare because he looked up at him when he dropped the biggest clue.
“Thank you, but – ah… one more thing?” Cas chuckled, rubbing at his neck, “this place is pretty big, probably a lot of books here. Within the catalog, where could I find a book by Nick Pellegrino? He’s a professor here…”
This eased his opinion of her – not because Cas thought he deserved credit. What she did made him retire that fake identity, no longer viable for use. But the group who hired him abided by their word and paid him, which was all he needed. With some cash to burn Cas let his curiosity pull him in her direction. Caught Meg outside her office and suggested they split the money.
His directions were quite muddled, and Cas made him repeat them twice before leaving. The delivery, however, was forgotten the further he followed the path Fitzgerald laid for him. Despite a few bumps and roadblocks in the form of fellow officers ‘accidentally’ slamming Cas into the floor, he found the bullpen and – more importantly – Dean’s desk.
“Look,” Dean said instead, his finger extending once more to point at the younger boy. It was a less accusatory gesture, softened by the gentle tone Dean adopted. “I know
Jack finishes typing up his latest story when he realizes there are no such thing as coincidences for Winchesters.
“I’ve learned from my first draft,” he says, “not to let surprises derail the story I want to write. You, you… you are nothing
“Things can have more than one meaning,” Cas supplied, appearing pained as he spoke, “especially acronyms.” He pressed a consolatory kiss upon Dean’s cheek, touch sparking a flame on his already burning skin. “It was nice to see how outspoken you’ve become, though.”
Dean rolls his eyes, kicking his way out of the car. “You can come in for a drink,” he offers. Offhandedly, mumbled with a slight blush on his cheeks, “If you want… that is.”
“But it got the job done…” He shakes his head, clawing at his necktie. Loosens it somewhat, enough for the top button to pop open. Dean looks a fraction more comfortable than he did entering, but even the slightest concession of his armor marks a tally in Cas’s corner. “Anyway, where was I?”
Cas snorts, at both the cartoon and her story. “Kind enough to let you spend the night, but I draw the line at a ride home?”
Something taps on his window. Cas scowls and glances behind him, seeing a younger, blonde girl waiting. He rolls the window down, “What?”
“Oh, those two are long gone.” Cas startled, whipping around in his seat, finding a waiter clearing up the crumb-covered plates. “Didn’t you know?” He fired a quick glare at her before checking on the microphone, seeing it sticking up from the pot. No doubt the tape capturing their plans still inside.
Cas stays, engine idling, coughing up exhaust. The radio returned with a vengeance as another rock song starts up that shatters the odd silence.
Jack, a little terrified by their passion, hoped he could find some camaraderie with Sam. He offered none. Sam watched them make out with a fond smile on his face. He shook his head, chuckling, “About damn time…”
“Thanks…” Cas counts the folders in his hands, crestfallen that he only snagged four. He glances out the window, knocking on it. “Can you make a left onto the highway?”
Cas hops into them. Almost trips in his haste, catching himself on a chair. Meg sits on the other side of the table, waving away the match flame and puffing at a small joint. She hisses the smoke free and then offers her grass.
Dean sighs, doubtful Cas will keep that promise, but rummages through his drawers for Cas’s present regardless. He finds it well hidden, covered by an old car magazine he saved. Clutching it in his palm, Dean joins Cas. Kneels beside him, excitement wreaking havoc with his nerves. Bouncing, shoulders raised high, neck disappearing, and cheeks straining from his smile, Dean holds a fist out to an expectant Cas.
“I…” Dean tries saying his truth. It doesn’t want to come out. He continues regardless, “I miss him, Sam. Why do we do this? Hurt everyone we’ve ever cared about? Hell, the whole world’s collateral damage because of us!” Exhausted, Dean gives in. Falls fully off the cliff, lying on the sidewalk. Arms spread beside him while he watches endless blue.
“’M not stupid…” Cas mumbles, “I just… sure, they seemed a little out there, I guess. But isn’t that how everyone in California is? And aren’t cults supposed to be more – more
Cas drifted towards him. “Anything interesting out there?” Ignored, Cas peeks through the glass. Besides his reflection, there’s a shroud of darkness blanketing the landscape. View greatly obstructed by light’s absence.
Meg folded her shades, peering at him. “Oh,” she chuckled, “my bad. I mistook you for my friend. Sorry for bothering you, mister…”
“Like we never got into our fair share of scrapes…” Dean says, the crease between his brows returning. “Although by signing up, I figured why it was so hard getting Sam to fit me in his schedule. It was probably a few months into being assigned a beat, after we met actually, that I ran into someone who knew him.”
But then he hears a captivating song, that draws him towards a nearby room, and keeps him on the fourth floor longer.
Cas glances between her and Dean. There’s a different sort of interest lying under the surface of his detective. While Josie waits for something like a primetime serial, Dean watches him with a smooth mask that belies fear. Afraid of what Cas might say, if he were feeling vindictive. He
Returning to his laptop, Jack begins the process of becoming a writer. He scans through his history to find the community website from days prior. It was the best place to start, he figured, given when he was on it there was a collection of different types of posts.
“Excuse me,” he said, catching the attention of an unattended librarian once inside, “can you point me towards the card catalog?”
Dean’s mouth quirks into a wry smile. Lines etched with all he muttered during the night. “Bits and pieces,” he admits, “here and there.” That’s as much Cas expects Dean to share for now.
“Victor!” She hisses, slapping his shoulder, “Don’t be rude.” Victor turns his glare from Cas, huffing defiantly. Challenging her. She stays firm, waiting until he signals defeat by slumping further into his seat. Smoothing a few baby hairs, the woman faces Cas again. “Please, grab a chair and join us.”
Dean sits with his knees drawn close, twirling a flower. Giggling while it spins. As Cas inches into the candle-lit space, tip-toeing past other dazed occupants, he sees tears spilling down the other man’s cheeks. As another falls, a large thumb brushes across Dean’s cheek, stealing it.
His brows knit together, nerves settling as a wave of irritation rolls onto his shores. “Yeah, I can
Dean returned partway through this struggle. He whistled, slamming the door behind him. “Stripping for the baby?” he chuckled darkly, his eyes dull and his grin vicious, “Not what I imagined when I told you to go nuts with him…” Dean emptied his pockets onto the room’s lone table, tugging his necktie free when done.
He swallows another mouthful, chuckling. “I guess I could load up a bowl,” he says, “but I thought you said you wanted to talk…?”
“Men,” she sighs, “if you were left in charge the time between a proposal and a marriage would be about as long as a commercial break!”
“Least I can do,” Dean shrugs, tasting sock once more, “it’s not like I’ll need’ta do more. Kid’s straight as a… straight thing.”
“Next time,” Castiel said, mirroring him with his own grin, “don’t get too far ahead of me, or you’ll get lost.”
. “I don’t know how the answers got in my bag, honest!” he says, frantically searching the room. His gaze lands on Cas; anxiety bleeding into a cool irritation. “Dude,” he says, “did you kick me?”
“What time does to youth…” he sighs, elbowing his brother with a devilish grin. “Though you must be happy, having something in common with your daughter ‘n’ all.”
“Really…” Castiel skims through tens of emotions Dean cannot discern with his vodka-addled brain. He settles on detachment, the tightness within his chest loosening as Cas inches backwards. Dean, instinctively, floats closer. That strain returns tenfold, like a python coiled itself around Dean. Squeezes him until Castiel bumps into a patron, bringing their chests flush together. Dean likes it even if he cannot breathe. Castiel smiles, but it’s noticeably different than those previously gifted. “If you’re straight, why are you at a gay bar?”
“Very good. Recently, I got this essay on very topic an old friend of mine from Moscow sent, hidden inside children’s bear toy. It would honor me to read it aloud.” Pausing on the porch, he nods at Cas, “Would you care to listen? Might do good for bad vibes.”
“I mean, I’ve only just met the man,” Claire says, “seems like a fucking stickler, but Cas brought him on… that’s gotta count for something.” She nudges the other girl, chuckling. “Besides, my uncle’s got him wrapped around his little pinky. All bark, but there’s no sharp teeth waiting.”
“You know that, don’t you?” Cas chuckles, glaring at the stranger as he rises. “C’mon, we’re heading out. There’s an even
He frowns, Dean’s flashing dimples throwing him off. “Fine,” he says, swinging his arms, “maybe I thought we could have a little fun before we get serious –“
Cas abandoned the thought along with the twitch of his fingers reaching for a joint. Instead gathering up the briefcase and trench coat in his exit. The finishing touches of his perfect disguise, fooling the casual beachgoer into thinking he dropped back in.
Cas keeps his eyes focused on the road, driving while Dean fiddles with the dashboard radio knob like a safecracker. Flipping through station after station; never settling, always complaining. About what songs played, the finite catalogue Cas’s car could tune to, how long it took finding decent music. All Cas held no control over, yet Dean blames him, still. Lashing out how he could because of the conditions Cas set that Dean had no choice but agreeing with if he were to tag along.
A strong vibe radiates from Dean, starkly contrasting the peace and love floating throughout. Cas ignores his resistance and guides him into the mix, hoping that the other man will loosen up by exposure.
Cas wanted to, though. He’d mention it, during lazy mornings spent entangled in each other’s arms under the covers, or as they undressed together – sometimes helping each other, sometimes not – his eyes glanced to where it was and he muttered a hint Dean swallowed with a kiss. Cas subtly snuck it onto chore lists and, once, startled Dean when cooking breakfast; snaking his arms around his waist, hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder, and asked, “When are you hanging the mirror today?”
than my mother, to me. And that’s… I’m happy I got to know her before she died. Still, I feel a little guilty because why should I… she’s my mom, she died, and I shouldn’t be happy, should I?”
“I could barely speak, I – I was so scared,” Dean admits, “if you’d’ve been there Sam, the look of – look of finality that was there, alongside the
It’s wet with the rancid juices known for leaking out of trash cans. Made reading damn near impossible, except a few sentences were salvageable. While objectively different from Jack’s leaflet – the one whose remains still haunted the grounds from when Dean killed it – the paper carried similar energy. In how it spoke of leaving pasts behind and a call towards action in following whoever’s name that’s now nothing more than an orange stain. Cas searched for more papers that might continue this story except the remaining trash in the alley way was exactly that.
Dean kept his judgment close to his chest but offered up what she asked for. “I dropped Sam off at the motel with… with the kid, then I took your ex past city limits. Dug a shallow grave, struck a match – that paint enough of a picture?” She nodded. “Thought so. Sorry ‘bout your rug, by the way. It was nice.”
First, the faucet shuts off. Then the shadow of Dean’s head appears behind the folding wall. “Yeah,” Dean mumbles, “Yeah, I’m okay.”
“No, no!” Dean says, head shaking, “I just wanna go home. Cas – he’s been so nice, offered to help me ever since my boat sunk and –“
He snaps the file closed, and then presses the edge of it against his lips. Sighing, Castiel retakes his seat. Bones creaking when he sinks into it. “I’m sorry,” Cas says, “but I don’t do missing persons. Too messy –“
wasn’t thinking clearly. As if they were close enough that sharing an intimate space such as Cas’s bed wouldn’t muddy an already confusing relationship.
He stumbled onto something. Cas may only have a piece of the story; he plans on getting more. Trusting that before the ‘happily ever after’ he will find Jack. “I have to.”
“Yeah,” he scowls against his better judgement, “And parents know how to keep secrets from their kids, too.”
“I know,” Cas interrupts, sliding his hand under Dean’s chin, cupping it. “You explained so after Jack plucked me from the Empty, right after punching me for making another ‘idiotic deal’, your words… and before our first kiss.” Dean’s joyful spirit flickers, glare piercing. Cas responds with apologetic crinkles, “You’re right… you’re right… quiet
. You’ve always been a sensitive starfish… it breaks my heart to see you hurt. To my knowledge, that’s all humans are able to give. What kind of father would I be if I let you continue down this path of pain?”
Sam glances at him, a crease in his brow that hadn't marred his face in weeks. Shaking his head, Jack slips a friendly mask on. “Nothing,” he assures Sam, jogging up to them, “Just… I’m hungry.”
“So,” Cas coughs, grip tightening across Dean’s shoulder, “your brother went to college? Did you fly the coop not long after?”
Cas hopes the tremor in his lips isn’t visible. “Oh, Jack,” he growls, hiding shaking hands under the table, “Right… she did mention that name, quite a lot. I guess what with my stomach turning on me and the
“Good,” Castiel says, bringing his empty hands to his mouth, “Now shove them in and bite fast. If you get the head that’ll stop them from wriggling around.”
“Stupid hippies,” he growls under breath, digging into his pockets for a brief moment. He takes his banana and hurls a quarter at Cas, it bounces off his chest and onto the ground. “Why don’t you get a haircut?”
Castiel startles, eyeing Dean with a worrying gaze. “What?” he asks, “Were you sick? Did something come up?”
After the initial wave of pleasure passes, Cas rides the gentler tides. Pumping, Cas braces himself above her and watches how Meg’s lashes flutter. Coming down while Cas can only ascend.
Dean adjusts the ribbon wrapped around his waist, tastefully covering his half-hard cock with a large bow; its tails draped over his balls. Assured he looks perfect, Dean turns from the mirror. Texts Cas, letting him know his present is finally
“Castiel,” he reveals, simultaneously sticking the lime in his mouth. Teeth locked around it, he drains the wedge of its juice. Dean blushes, and the rush of blood to his head brings dizziness. Resting one hand on the bar doesn’t help. Neither does two. Castiel finishes his drink, placing the glass and shriveled lime near Dean’s hands, and yet his sudden lightheadedness persists.
A strong gust of wind cuts through the field, cueing Dean to upend the jar in his hands. Ashes pour out its lip. The wind carries Cas and scatters him, leaving Dean with an empty jar in his hands.
“Wow, playing up the paranoid hippie act aren’t you?” She sighed, rolling her eyes. “Fine, you can always call my boss at the paper. He can vouch for me.”
“I know.” Dean tenses, flipping the notepad closed as he bites his bottom lip. “I mean I don’t know,” he continues, opening the notes again, “I’ve never smoked the stuff but… Nixon’s camp, the science of drugs, and seeing all the – we cops talk and, some of what’s in the reports…”
Dean shrugged, “So did ours.” He expected that to feel weird saying, but it hadn’t. Sam gaped at him, like it had. Maybe Dean’s in shock. Maybe he was too used to having a dead mom. Dean carried on regardless. “If you think a sob story’s gonna convince me of anything, try hitting me when the kids got enough pages to fill a book larger than Moby Dick’s, or
Dean Winchester lapsed into a weighty silence after. He said nothing else that might clue Mia in on why he stood on her porch for the second time this evening. And as Mia learned early on, there’s a lot that can hide beneath such silence.
“Your best is better than a lot of people’s…” Castiel knocks his shoulder into Dean’s, Dean chasing after it. “My brothers’ idea of kindness is the occasional birthday e-mail, when the mood strikes them that is.”
my father.” He nearly breaks character, watching how the light in Dean’s eyes flickered before being snuffed. Lucifer regains composure, growling his next words. “You understand this, then? What it means?”
Dean slithered closer while he was distracted, hand drifting by Cas’s elbow. Almost touching, not quite. Eyes hard in a fashion fitting if Dean hadn’t flayed himself open in his apartment. His rushed stitchwork cannot hide the few extra pieces of skin that still linger around them.
“It’d be a real plus though.” He barely caught Castiel’s mumbling. He can’t question what was meant, because Castiel clears his throat and repeats his question. “Why did you choose a gay bar for the evening?”
Dumping those, he scrubs tiredly at his cheeks before gathering the remaining few. Thankfully, the next slide tells him more.
Cas awoke with a start. The ringing of his phone disturbing the peaceful blankness of his dreams. He groaned, rubbing at his eye while twisting on the couch. Cas had not made it very far when he arrived. His phone kept screaming at him while he crawled out of unconsciousness, blindly groping for purchase on the handset. “Hello?” he said after finally finding it. Yawning into the receiver.
therapy is because we lost someone very close to us.” Dean visibly tensed, clawing at the chair’s arms with enough pressure Sam feared he might rip it. Distracted, Sam faltered halfway through his spiel. He recovered enough in his next breath to finish it. “Our mom… she passed.” Hearing about their mom caused Dean to relax considerably, into a familiar apprehension. Sam’s confusion, in response, deepened.
“So that front desk out there?” Dean said, scoffing, “that for show? Or do you find time to shift, shrink,
“Depending on the amount of dirt I manage to uncover, it could very well be its own movie with Robert Redford.”
“He said we were both hurt by dad, in different ways,” he growls, lips quivering, “but we can both make peace with our demons by giving all our burdens to the mastermind of Sammy’s new spiritualism. This grifter going by ‘The Great Prophet’. The guy who conned my brother into abandoning his work, leaving his fiancée, and pouring all his money into the cause…”
“A task, repetitive in nature, that you enjoy doing,” Castiel explains, “From what I’ve seen and learned, sharing interests is a profound way of connecting with others. Find something you like to do –“
“Pretty useless for a Peeping Tom to peep when no one’s around,” a whiskey-rich voice chuckles from behind, “or are you practicing for when you make your big debut?” Cas scowls, achingly familiar with that out-of-place midwestern twang. Held onto with a trademarked stubbornness.
“She’ll find out in her own time,” Dean reached for Cas’s hand, slipping it into his own, “Come on, we’ll miss the movie if we keep dawdling here.”
“Dean…” Sam stormed towards his brother, dropping the baby bag as he slammed Dean’s hand atop the ringing bell. “Quit it.”
.” The words stung like jellyfish toxin, Castiel untangling his fingers from Dean’s instantly. “Reported back to me before I sent her along with your brother Gabriel alongside her.”
Exiting the precinct now sits far low on his list of priorities, regardless Dean’s wishes. Instead, Cas strides forward to a different destination that would seriously upset the detective if he knew. However, after a few miscalculated turns, Cas realizes his execution could benefit from a little help.
was no food or water for the entire day. Listening to some Eastern shit that grated my fucking nerves and some guy in a crazy jacket spouting nonsense.”
Cas tries the first door he sees, across from the bathroom. It creaks open, Cas wincing the entire time. Waiting for Dean’s questioning call, he relaxes when there isn’t any.
. Got this huge promotion that brought me back West and I thought it would be nice to catch up and everything. Anyway, does he still teach in that – oh that one building? What was it… big, and had like these really nice seats?”
“No,” Cas says, opening the passenger door, “it’s – better you don’t know. I’ll talk to her. You… keep doing what you were doing.”
Dean places a hand on his shoulder. “My mom died young, too,” he tells him, “a little after Sammy… it’s been just him and me, and my dad… plus Uncle Bobby.”
“No, it’s not. Really.” He stops, dropping him. Cas scrabbles into a crouch, warily observing Chuck circle. Arm raised defensively; angel blade prepped in case of another attack. Useless, given the comparison of power, but he refuses to sit and accept his death. Not like this. Luckily rather than smite Cas, Chuck wastes time prattling. “I tied everything up in a neat, little bow. Sure… took longer to get there, edits and rewrites of course, but the story was done. Brothers battle, one dies, close the book and move on. Raphael was
“Good, good… don’t want another situation like how you – uh…” Dean trails off, biting his lip. “Yeah… I have to go shower.” Dean speeds out of the room with an awkward gait.
When Dean forced him from the area, Cas couldn’t shake the idea of returning. From sunset to sunrise he turned over the immaculate study and the food wrappings, not even a midnight toke could settle his mind. It chanted a mantra loud enough, the only way he could quiet it was by listening. So, he listened. Drove up the next day and paid closer attention to his former makeshift toilet.
“It’s nothing,” he says, looking out the window, “just… you better be there when I finally come to tomorrow, s’all. Claire, keep an eye on her.”
Cas’s face shines uninterrupted, clearly, like the sun. There even as everything else fades. In the safety of his mind, where the Empty can’t steal him. In the safety of his heart, that Chuck can’t control. In his hands, wearing Cas’s blood like a badge of honor and pride.
“Yeah,” He closes the distance between them. “Where’d you hear about them? Not like they’re big on advertising anymore… What with being
Dean frowns, considering his question. After a few beats of uncomfortable silence, Castiel’s senses return. He repeats the descent into despair to himself, growing more embarrassed the longer it takes for Dean to respond. Castiel almost speaks up again, to tell Dean to forget what he said. By then the other merman has an answer.
The present night sky disappears behind the grass smoke, Cas’s vision blurring while he descends into the depths of his memories once more. Of a simpler time, when policemen were just nameless faces who stomped and shouted for respect they didn’t deserve. And Cas was assured he couldn’t be swayed by a pretty face.
He accepts. Dives headfirst into it, vodka mixing with tequila and a spritz of lime. Castiel tastes better than any drink he’s had. He puts pressure on Castiel’s shoulder, climbing for easier access. Castiel helps; an arm braced around Dean’s waist steadies him. Guides their bodies into a holding pattern, a simple sway that won’t interfere with the others cavorting around them. Serenity made within the chaos of a raging sea; these waves don’t crash. Rather, they tenderly caress the shoreline before retreating in similar fashion. A line of sea foam, like the line of spit generously coating Dean’s mouth, the only proof it even hit.
“Because he was jealous,” she said. Then, briefly, a sheepishness tints her cheeks. “Also, I might have been using my abilities while practicing?”
“Maybe I’m overthinking it,” Jack finally says, “What did Castiel say… hobbies are supposed to be enjoyable. What do I enjoy…?”
Cas stares at her gingham tablecloth, drawing tiny figures with his finger. He could tell her about Dean, but the rapid pace of his heart would rather he discuss the case with her. Choosing the latter, Cas begins explaining all he found the past few days. Unpacks the box starting with the Institute and even airs out Jack’s disappearance at the end. Thinking about these pieces, though, undoes any of the positivity he gained when learning the name of the organization.
“No, no it’s good, I…” Dean trails off, darting his gaze to Dean’s and then immediately dropping it. “I…” His sentence dangles like a hook, and taunts Castiel as it hangs out of reach. “It’s nothing.”
And that would break him. Because the version of Castiel that Dean knows is the only version of him that he likes, that he believes to be truly himself.
Kelly says nothing and he doesn’t stick around for if she does. He exits in a fury, plucking what’s left of the flower in his ear and flicking the corpse onto its brethren. Stomps towards his nearby car and the backup plan he devised if Kelly hadn’t shared any pertinent information.
“So am I,” he says, expressions smoothing once more, eyes settling into his usual hazy amber. “Can’t wait to eat.”
Tracy catches on quickly. “No, I never met the man,” she tells him, “I only started working here six months ago.”
And though her heart ached for Dean, wishing him luck in finding his own version of peace, Mia learned from their session.
“I’m a freelancer,” he explains after catching Dean’s wide eyes, “Dean and I’ve crossed paths on the beat.”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean growls. Closing his eyes hard enough white, hot stars burst from behind his lids. “Maybe you’re a shitty masseuse?”
She throws her hands up, scoffing. Bits of her composure flying in the air like confetti. “That they’ll look into it but can’t promise finding him. How-how kids go missing all the time and usually it’s because they’ve run away, and they’ll come back in their own time. Once he’s fed up with doing things for himself or he needs money. That since he’s nineteen it’s not as important because he’s legally an adult –“
“A little unexpected company showed up,” he explains, glancing behind. Checking for any agents. “It’s better we make our own exit before someone makes it for us, okay? Just… trust me on this?” She nods, dropping further arguments. “Thank you,” Cas sighs, squeezing her arm, “now, have you seen Dean anywhere?”
Valentine’s Day to be overshadowed by our wedding. You mean so much to me that I’m not gonna just lump the two together like you’re some kid who was unlucky enough to be born on Christmas. You deserve it all.” Cas flips the envelope, shaking its contents free. A pair of red panties floats onto his outstretched hand. “Not just some stinkin’
His ears hurt. Dean stares at a small puddle of maybe-water-maybe-vodka that collected on the bar top, focusing on it instead of the pounding bass drum and blender whirring that’s somehow considered music. At least that’s what Sam told him seconds after entering, meeting Dean’s disgruntlement with patented exasperation. Floppy bangs pushed back for its full effect. “You’re such an old man,” he said, “Can you pretend you’re happy being here?”
He’s only exhausted. Too tired to shutter the devastation on his face, every crack of Dean’s heart was on full display. He’s not in the mood to fight with Sam, either, aware he needed
Cas glares at his creator, shouldering the burden of his disappointment, straining under its massive weight. He does not fall, however. “And all the other times?” he asks. He’s not sure if he wants to hear his answer. Worse, that indecision is a damned
.” Dean’s scowl deepens. “Can you let go? As much fun dragging you through the streets would be, I’d rather not give you a reason to haul me to your den of inequity.”
The earlier joy from Dean has faded entirely, and now they find themselves in an unfamiliar darkness. Castiel curses himself for coming out of his shell too much, latching onto Dean even though he knew what their fates were at the end of this journey.
“Different needs, indeed.” Billie sighs, stepping closer. “Might I ask… do you feel that today’s meeting was the right fit for you?”
“I had no idea the market for low-cost meal options was that large over in Europe,” Ted says, pitched so far forward in his seat Cas wonders how he stays upright, “In nothing I’ve read could any expert have predicted this.”
A goal that seems out of reach on a golden pedestal, he fears. “Writing is much harder than I realized.” Jack blinks at the obnoxious white glowing from the blank page. Countless hours passed between when Jack found his confidence and now, when it's far gone. Interspersed were moments where Jack typed a few sentences. Only he deleted them seconds later as they made no sense.
There is much at stake with Castiel’s mission. If his father were to find out… Dean could be in worse trouble than when Charles caught Castiel studying his ship. Even now, Castiel knows he’s been away from home longer than he should.
…” Bending, Chuck presses his face onto Cas’s. Close enough he sees lightning flashing within his pupils. “Your little defect, your
Kelly nods, and immediately it’s Jack’s face that flashes in his mind. They have the same chin and Bambi gaze. He mutters curses for not seeing it earlier. “Yes,” she says, “I’m Jack’s mom. And I need your help finding my son.” She opens her purse, rooting inside for a brief moment without breaking her staring contest with Cas. Kelly pulls a crumpled note from within and holds it out. Cas snatches it, flattening the tiny square in front of him. “You don’t seem to have anything against post-it notes…” It’s a sad chuckle.
Dean stumbles, unable to continue swimming because he’s laughing too much. His entire being shakes with joy, curling in on himself from the raucous giggles coursing through his body. Castiel slows down and watches him curiously.
“Yeah, so?” Dean sits, hackles clearly raised. “I know marriage is like a mortal sin for you hippie types, but it’s what
Scrolling past a strange sketch of Dean and Sam Jack finds an escape. HunterGirl221b included a link to a website Jack, without thinking, clicks on. He jumps over to a strangely colored page filled with even more discussion about the Winchesters. Instead of chapters with impressive comments the new site trades in mostly pictures. The few written posts were similar to the comments where anonymous strangers spat at each other over who was right and wrong. Why that mattered Jack had no idea since nearly everything he's read from these 'fans' is untrue. Jack frowns at how crude one of the people acted, writing very meanly about the person who responded last. “That’s not very nice.”
Dean shakes his head, smiling sadly. “Nah, just… it seemed more layered than it actually was s’all. Never mind.” He folds in on himself, eyes locked on a far off point below them.
“Because it’s bad, Dean,” Sam explained, “multi-level marketing is, like, an evolved pyramid scheme, made more prevalent because of how easily social media disseminates misinformation and reaches impressionable people. Companies like TikTok are doing what they can to try and curb all these kinds of scams because, well… they’re annoying.”
“Someone called in about a B&E over the radio,” he shrugs, circling him, “dispatch described the perp as a ratty-old hippie probably searching for valuables he could sell for his next fix.”
– no homosexuality intended.” Standing, Sam moves over towards the fridge and opens it. He finds the package of bacon easily, Jack moving it to the center. Ripping it open, Sam grabs a pan and slaps a few strips onto it.
It’s like a weight was lifted off his chest. In doing so, however, Dean reveals a hollowness he doubts will ever be filled.
Mary spun on her heel, advancing to an outcropping perfect for scouting and a good distance away from the devil’s cold, calculating glare. Her grip on Bobby’s gun tightened. She thought of her boys, of Dean and Sam. How gutted they must be because of her decision, of her sacrifice.
“All the time,” Castiel says, “My brother Gabriel says I take things too seriously – that I’m as lively as chum. And Lucifer had a habit of always telling me I was a slow swimmer, even though I’ve bested him in races for six cycles in a row! Those are just two of my siblings…”
“While we’re at it,” he interrupts again, “you know my name but I don’t know either of yours. Skipped right into business which,” he borrows from Sergei’s antics, spitting on the ground. Misses and hits the tip of a brown leather shoe, “gross. So not a fan.”
Cas reaches out, freezing when a delayed thought hits the brakes telling him that might not be the best course of action. “I’m sorry,” he says instead, “but… what he did, that wasn’t your fault.”
Cas understood her message with a rapidness many of his own teachers wished he had back in school. Retreating from the building, he wiped the chalkboard and began anew. He strode the campus until a new plan formed, aided by seeing the John F. Kennedy Memorial library.
Mia glossed past Dean’s comment, folding her arms across her chest as she studied them. “I was actually about to close early,” she said, “had a lot of cancellations and… I’ve got some errands to run” –
“It’s not –“ he sighs, kneading at his temple. Cas knocks a few ashes into the tray and then points with his grass at Andy. “Have you seen anything like this? Maybe stapled into posts or being handed out somewhere?”
– and found my own way to connect with them. Because you may be missing a soul doesn’t mean you no longer have to be a part of the world.”
That came from nowhere. It came from somewhere, within Cas. A hidden well he hides all he cannot face. But it also, absolutely, came from
“And what of the others?” Cas continues, “All the people’ll who are under the same spell as your brother?”
what you got me,” Dean laughs, smoothing stray hairs from Cas’s temple. His other hand trails lower, brushing his boyfriend’s pubic patch. “Exactly what I’ve been
Cas moans when Calvin doubles his pace, biting a healthy bruise onto his neck. He claws at Calvin’s scalp while watching the beads of precome leak out of his cockhead. Calvin rolls his palm on it, gliding across Cas’s shaft now.
Dean removes the failing barrier. Puts on a show at making sure Cas did as advertised, like he wasn’t watching Cas fold his cock back inside his corduroys with studious intent. Hollywood looks, without the Hollywood skills. He’s no Rock Hudson.
Dean awoke, his eyes darting away from the swirling, enchanting pattern of her countertop. “Do you really care?”
Dean tugs himself free from Castiel’s hold. Thinking fast, he tries latching onto anything that might keep Dean from shifting. He turns to the vast ocean in front of him, searching it for an answer. Even if he can’t understand why he might want Dean to stay in his merman form, a sheer terror roots itself in his heart at the prospect of facing a human again.
“This way.” They shuffle down the hall, two sharp turns – left, then right – until reaching the main living room. Dean drops his shoes by the front door, collecting mail delivered hours earlier. “You can take a seat anywhere…” he gestures with the envelopes while scanning them, blindly walking towards a wooden bar set. A crystal decanter waiting, amber liquid sloshing within.
“Yeah, that’s me okay?” Nick struggles fitfully in Cas’s leg lock, kicking lazily. “But like I said, I don’t remember her. All the faces blur after some time.” A believable defense if Cas’s bullshit detector weren’t wildly ticking into extreme territories.
“He would have deserved it,” he finally tips his glass back. Dean’s Adam’s apple bobs in rhythm with Blue Eyes’, even if his drink rests miles away on the bar top. “Hey,” Blue Eyes continues, smiling, fiddling with the lime wedge, “what’s your name?”
“It is okay,” Cas tells him, “what happen to Roman was… seeing horse behind plow?” Ted blinks at him. “Unnatural, weird?”
Dean squeezes his arm and throws him through a turn. Stunned, his senses take a second to readjust. When his vision steadies, a seed of dread that was planted in his stomach days ago sprouts into a venomous flower.
“Yeah… it was, it was so simple…” Dean uncurls, teetering, flirting with the idea of lying on his back. He and Jack trade a fleeting glance, Dean checking his reaction. Not surprised in the slightest. Kid’s too damned insightful. “Just admitting it was enough and… and you know what he said? He said he… Cas believed it was something he could never have?” His chest tightens, and Dean scoffs. “I don’t… how could that be – how could loving
Cas searches for the perfect way he can convey his thoughts that don’t offend Dean. He can only think of one word, “Bummer.”
Instead, Dean embraced him. He watched the smoke of his angel’s body drift upwards, Cas leaving him for good, forever, and rested his chin against the small, soft head of Cas’s destroyer.
Sam lets go, frowning. Dean laughs, clapping him on the shoulder. “I said he grew like seaweed, Cas. He’s little only in name…”
Dean refused to comment on Sam’s teasing, sinking into his seat again while his mind processed this new information. Cas joined him, continually rubbing soothing circles into his back. Sam sat next to Jack, across from them. Jack, sullenly tracing the cracks Dean made in his phone screen, asked, “Does this mean I’m not banned from TikTok?”
Sam braced for the bullet, wincing preemptively. Instead of his life flashing, all Sam saw was what would happen after. Dean arriving to see Sam failed at stalling Buddy, his lifeless body dripping blood alongside Mia’s and Jack’s, meaning Dean was well and truly alone in the world. Alone because of Sam.
He sits where she directs him, waiting while she ducks into his bathroom. Kelly emerges with a wet, wadded-up ball of toilet paper. “You don’t have any towels?”
There was no alternative. Dean will curse him out later, for walking away from an opportunity like that. But at least when he wakes in the morning, it’ll be as himself and not like all the other flies who were wrapped in this web. Cas feels each and every stare as they stumble down the stairs. Dean’s feet dragging, making it hard for an easy escape. Although, if necessary, Cas will bend him over his shoulders and dash.
“Here.” Dean nudges the glass at his shoulder, breaking him from the tangent. He sips at his overfilled glass, more there than Cas would recommend. At least he took it easy with Cas’s. “Hope you like brandy.”
“You know,” he moves his hands around in a circle, only further increasing Castiel’s confusion. “You don’t have cars? How do you get around when you’re tired from swimming?”
Sam could kick him for that remark, for it being rude and, unfortunately, being completely plausible. He asked Mia, “Could he?”
He shrugs, “Not too long. I know you must be very busy – and the fact that you were able to ah… squeeze me in on short notice, it was good fortune smiling down on us.”
He feels like he could be doing more. As much as Jack enjoys reading all the different stories posted to this website, the emptiness within himself persists. Throughout the aspirational brotherly stories and especially during angst-ridden codas - the absence of feeling made itself known.
annoyed. But Cas crumbles that into a tight little ball and shoves it elsewhere. There were bigger things on his radar than some slight trickery. He needs focus for the mission ahead. Especially since they came upon the very house Claire talked about.
“Well, at least that explains why a cheap suit like him would slum it in this dump this time of night,” the officer studied him, knocking a bit of ash onto Cas’s feet in bored contempt. “Don’t see what that has to do with you barging into our smoke break.”
Blushing, Dean ignores Cas’s attempts at baiting him. Knocks his hat off with a pointed flick. “Lose the boots, cowboy, and go lay down.”
“The dancer I’m looking for is in one of these rooms,” Cas explains, “my friend went ahead with her while I was on the john. Old, balding in the back, patchy shadows on the chin and a serious set to his brow? You see him come through.”
“Although Dean might be feeling left out,” he realizes, “One story about Sam… one about Cas… I should write one for him, too.”
after all.” He dips back down, not too far. Enough to watch Dean’s tail twitch as he works through his thoughts. After a short wait, Dean joins him under the sea.
“Nah, nah… ours is just called God. Well, my family called him that... or her. Other people have different names for them.”
event every week, we’d have feds and racists breathing down our necks. They’ve already done enough damage to our cause, hurt a lot of good men and women…” She reaches back, adjusting the hair tie keeping her ponytail in check. “Panthers might be on the downswing, but we aren’t gone yet.”
,” she hisses, clawing at the arms of her chair so viciously Kelly might leave marks. “What kind of hippie paranoia are you drowning in, thinking that
Rufus sniffs, wiping at his nose. “Yeah. Some time ago… ‘cept I wasn’t what they were looking for. A sucker
Everyone else fled by that point, like animals escaping from a natural disaster. Instinct guiding them away as this was not the first time Cas and Ishim clashed.
“Dean?” Castiel repeats, worried. He nearly calls for him a third time when Dean begins swimming down further into the depths of the ocean. Zooming into it, Castiel waits a beat before swimming after him.
Dean paused for far longer than a beat, giving Mia a moment to digest what he said. Recovering from her stupor, she reached across the divide and laid a hand on Dean’s knee. “Dean…”
Cas chuckles sourly, rubbing at his eye. He plucks an unlit joint from his shirt pocket and lights it, puffing on the end like crazy. “No,” he says, “you kept your word. You’re nothing but context, baby.”
“This is bad, Felix,” Jack says to his pet, “Really, really bad…” A sense of dread pokes at his ribs like the cold tip of an angel blade. Pulling up his works page, Jack clicks on his most recent published piece and realizes Dean and Castiel confessed the other day exactly how Jack wrote it, too. Fighting over how both throw themselves into danger, careless about their own health and well-being. “No wonder their argument made no sense…”
creative. If they used Cas’s embellished message, he would think of them with an inch more respect than he currently does. Although Cas’s finger runs over the typed print where it says, ‘Formerly President of Roman Ventures, LLC’. “What are you up to now, Dick?”
“And the Empty’s trying to take Chuck out!” he argues, “So, enemy of my enemy is my friend or all that nonsense –“
On the next page were reviews for upcoming movies. Cas stays there, scrolling through what critics think of the director’s style, the writer’s proficiency with dialogue, and other minutiae no one but they care about. Halfway into praise of Brando’s acting as the titular
Staring at the screen, Jack weighs against it whether or not becoming an author would be wise. Then, when the laptop doesn’t answer him, he turns to his snake.
“Oh yeah.” Dean looks at his notes, scratching his chest, “Jack Kline, nineteen, blond, blue eyes, about five-eleven… this is all listed in his missing person’s report.” He flings the notepad down, seriousness overtaking his act. “It’d be weird if Ms. Kline didn’t tell you about him, seeing as she submitted this information a little over two weeks ago with us. Single mother she is… little Jack was her whole world.”
Jimmy drags his decision longer than it should, but thankfully relents. He calls for Claire, warning Cas that if he’s lying there’ll be swift consequences. “Yeah, yeah,” he rolls his eyes, “since I have you, is ol’ Ishy still his
.” Not willing to throw away the food element, he tries to fit it into different situations. A high-class venue would be uncomfortable for all of them and eating drive-thru in the car would be disrespectful to her.
Turning it over, Cas finds a post-it note stuck on the unmarked side. He peels it off, dropping the rap sheet. “Operation Carnation,” he mumbles, reading, “Roman adapted within two months… seventy-five percent of assets… positive correlation with other test subjects…” Whatever else was written Cas cannot understand between the bad handwriting and smudging.
“My lab partner,” he said, “We bonded over our mutual appreciation of Vince Vincente and the Goonies… there were some days he’d give me the extra sandwich his mom packed, for some reason?”
“Like, sure the messages are similar – but how am I supposed to be sure that wherever this Dick Roman went, Jack followed.” He tugs the tie around his head free and strangles the silk in his grip. “The dates of their disappearance are far apart, and it makes no sense why Jack fell in with this crowd. It sounded like Dick had some heavy truths he needed unpacking… but Jack? Sure, he smoked and drank. But not any more than some of the other kids his age.”
party catching fire downtown. Apparently, Fleetwood’s in town. If we leave now maybe we can share a joint with Stevie – what do you say?”
“Drive home safely, man,” Cole says. Slaps his shoulder and then squeezes it, “Wouldn’t want an accident to damage that pretty face of yours.” He winks again, and Cas tamps the blush on his face down while meekly bidding goodbye.
Dean fails, again. “Cas…” He croaks, words blocked by the boulder that wedged into his throat once that black portal of despair vanished. Water traces familiar pathways down his cheeks, Dean steadying himself on his open door. Hisses panicked breaths through clenched teeth. “Cas, he…”
“No, no that’s not – that’s not what I’m talking about.” Dean points up towards the large vent above. “
Buddy hurriedly swarmed he and Mia, crowding them further against the fireplace. The gun wavered. Not enough Sam might risk retaliating, but every few seconds it left him and was trained on Mia. “Look how far you’ve sunken, baby,” Buddy purred, stroking Mia’s chin with the gun, “teaming with hunters? I knew you were a traitor, but I didn’t realize it had gotten this bad.”
thing she wanted was for any of us to get involved in this life, becoming hunters like she was… not like you’d know, since she kept that from you.” He sunk into the sofa, chest heaving, ripping breaths out of the air with deadly intent. Dean spoke, again, in a much calmer tone. His words were sharp and precise, aimed to kill. “You didn’t know who she was. You didn’t know Sam… and you sure as hell didn’t know me. All you ever were concerned about was yourself. You lied to everyone, pretending what you did was for something much more noble than it was.
“Hey,” he touches Dean again. Another brush of fingers on Dean’s shoulder, bending so Cas’s lips were inches from his ear. “You’re not back there. You’re here, in my apartment… with me.” A wry smile slashes through the fondness oozing out his whisper, concealing most of it before Dean’s searching gaze found Cas. “Albeit, not like how I imagined. Too many clothes, certainly…”
“About three or four months,” he tells her. “She shacked up with this biker dude she met and they’ve been cruising open roads since. Last I heard they were tearing streets way north of here, in Portland.” Cas closes the bathroom door, hiding the still full bathtub and clothesline of hanging pictures. He sits at his desk, flinging the newspaper down and picking up one of the joints. The woman hadn’t moved since they walked in. “You can come closer,” he says, “take a seat… do you mind if I light up?”
He smiles, patting Pierce’s cheek. “Because I’ll put in a very good word in with your bosses about the lovely evening we shared so many weeks ago.” Cas grabs his cheek before he can talk over him, voice a deadly whisper. “They don’t have to believe me. But once the seed’s been planted… you’ll be under a microscope, pal. Smallest of missteps might send you up the river, and I doubt you can manage keeping it
“That is great, Jack,” Dean sighs, “You are the coolest person in the whole universe! There is no one more awesome than you.” He moves to sit, but notices the open magazine where Sam left it. Dean curdles with disgust at the naked woman’s suggestive pose. “Gross! Who left this here? We eat here!”
Jack wasn’t. He struggled, pushing Cas back, a whine pitched in his throat. Dean and Cas shared a look, Cas accepting Jack into his arms again. “We’re only kidding Jack. We’ll be in town soon, and then you can collect your candy and show off how wonderful you look as… as…” Cas stumbled. “Dean, who’s he supposed to be again?”
Mia led them into the next room, leaving behind the non-descript lobby furniture and peeling yellow wallpaper for a cozier space. Sam scanned the area, noting pictures and degrees hanging on rogue-painted walls alongside other knick-knacks cluttering the space. Other than the door they entered from, the only exits Sam saw were twin windows covered by heavy drapes on either side of a dark fireplace and an unmarked door to the side. He made sure to stay wary of that door, in case uninvited guests might stroll in.
But today he found his father during a lull. Castiel sits in the library with a book open in front of him. Although for how heavily he stares into it Jack doubts Castiel reads it. His slouch, unnatural heavy eye bags, and tapping finger communicates clearly how his mind is focused on other things.
“Excuse me,” Nick shouts from the bed, shirt rucked open, Sprinkles straddling him, “I thought I said no inter…” He trails off, their gazes locked. “You.”
Andy sucks on the joint, thinking. Cas waits, forgoing his own. Allows it to smolder, ignoring precious smoke. He only remembers it when the rolling paper burns high enough it singes his fingers. Cas frowns, stamping what little remained of it out.
Someone approaches, lays a hand on his elbow. There because it hovered over Dean’s shoulder and chose a different path. Dean felt how close it came to fitting over his angel’s mark. Heard a sharp intake of breath after they noticed it, confirming Dean’s suspicion. “Dean,” Sam says – of course it’d be him. He recognizes his little brother’s voice. Especially when he forces confidence through his tone. It lacks, however, as an undercurrent of worry threaded through it. “Dean,” he continues, “what happened?”
There wasn’t any for him to give. Cas accepts his gratitude with a polite chuckle, levity rushing to fill up the cracks made from all those hits he took since waking. Ascending to a comfortable high without the aid of any drugs. Knowingly. Because certain habits of Dean were ridiculously addicting that they should be deemed illegal.
“Right.” Dean scowls, strangling the length of his tie in a trembling grip. “So, my dad’s a piece of work, but I managed best I could. Sammy on the other hand… was kinda like you. Bucked the old man’s authority whenever he had the chance, pushed to see what he could get away with, and always had a smart answer ready even if it’d only get him into more trouble than he would’ve without it.”
Cas swings his legs over and walks towards Andy’s van. Fingers twitching for a joint to replace the celebratory high with a real one. The closer he gets, however, he can hear Andy’s voice. Then another’s, accented and
Dean scowls at him, colorful imagery unappreciated. He doesn’t fall for the bait, instead continuing with his story.
Exhausted, knuckles as bloody as his knee, Dean collapsed near the stacked crates and leaning pallets.
“No, but she’s got the address… and she’d only tell me if I let her come.” He leaves, ducking so they were at eye-level. “Now it shouldn’t take too long. Just don’t say anything unprompted and we’ll be there for barely a second.”
He does. “I’ll be quick,” he tells her, waddling off and onto the streets once more. Cas’s gaze darts through the crowd, searching. Frantically looking for a safe haven that won’t turn him away. Each storefront he counts eats away at his hope. Whether from the long lines in front or the way shop owners stand guard with their brooms and glares, snarling at anyone dressed similarly to him. “Where the fuck can I piss?”
“Mlm is an acronym for multi-level marketing, Dean,” Sam explained, “that’s the kind of mlm we’ve been talking about this entire time.”
Damn Adam, for talking him into this. The placid cadence of the First Man wreaked havoc with Dean’s judgement. Lulled him into a false sense of security. Now that his armor’s been cast off, Dean realizes how terrible an idea this really is. Briefly, Dean considers turning tail and jumping back into his outfit. Pretend this never happened. Play dumb. But then Adam emerges, parting the beaded curtains and motioning him towards a table set up in the middle of the room. Dean trudges along, window of opportunity slammed on his fingers.
“Time and a place, Andy,” he says, revealing the hidden files and placing them on his lap. “Like, when I’m
“It’s always ending. In one way or another.” Lucifer waves his hand and a chair drags itself over. He straddles it, gazing up at Dean. “If we waited for peace to enjoy life, there’d be no time. Better to…
Jack pounds his fist to his forehead, cursing himself. Had it truly been too long since he had his powers that he had forgotten what it felt like? Because of him, his family unknowingly lost their free will. Became the very characters people thought they were.
dancing, then that’s not the kind of man you want to be associating with.” Dean nodded, because at fourteen why not? Dad rarely gave guidance that wasn’t pointed, aimed directly at him. Cutting, slicing bits and pieces off and leaving them behind in whatever motel they briefly occupied.
Dean’s gaze rose finding Cas’s amused expression in the mirror, partly obscured by the wide brim of his hat. It caused his amusement to smolder into something sexier and sent his stomach into a flutter. Those butterflies melted into warm gooeyness as he noticed Jack cradled in Cas’s arms, giggling happily.
He pulls the curtains back, reverting to his previous form. Delights in how Dean senses the change, peeking with one eye as Castiel’s face vanishes. The other man violently hurls himself to the side, gaping at him. “Why Dean,” Lucifer grins, awkwardness heavy in his tone, “if I had known that’s how you felt about
wig that crookedly sat atop his head. There were others in the room, all in various stages of undress. But his gaze could not stray from the man he remembered, in his childhood, as being antithetic to this whole scene.
Mia sighed. Those hinges called for her. They warned that someone might take advantage of her open front door to come do harm.
Cas slips his hand under his shirt, over his heart. “That hurts. Maybe I wasn’t looking for money, but a friendly face?”
“Yes!” Josie grabs at his wrist, dragging him closer. “Although we were just about to leave… we didn’t know this church was in such a – a
I got burn out something fierce and couldn't find any time to write. And when I did, I had such trouble figuring out what I wanted to write.
He stills, clutching at the towel with both hands. Frozen with an unnamed emotion Dean swears isn’t fear. Staring with wide eyes at Adam while the other man waits. Finally, he breaks the silence, “Can’t you just… do my shoulders?”
Through the windshield, they see Sergei stretching with no coverage for his pasty skin. Cas swallows down the sour taste darkening his tongue when Sergei, surprisingly flexible, moves into a position that swings his belly around and flashes his oddly hairless junk. Sole eye of his snake staring at him. “Did I upset the universe?” he asks aloud, “Is she mad? Pushed me down a long flight of stairs and this is one of the many steps I’m crashing into?”
“Well, you’re right,” Dean tells Cas, donning the amulet. His head bows slightly in examination, gently brushing a thumb across its features. “But I didn’t pick this out. Was a
.” His fist crackles with pain, shaking from the force of his blow. Luck deciding whether or not he fractured any of the bones there.
“Singer’s sure is crowded today,” he laughs, “I wonder if he brought back that totally awesome sandwich…” Cas leans forward for a better peek out Andy’s window.
“Yes I can!” He drops his sandwich on its wrapper, leaning forward. Challenging him, “You shouldn’t even be here. How are you here?”
“He kept saying it,” Eve sighs, “Institute for the something-or-other… I could barely think straight I was too stunned from the whole meeting. Especially when I asked if he wanted to stay and say a few words to the kids, least he could do. Oh no… Dick pat my shoulder and said he had more important things to do, and if they wanted to see him, they could join him at a meeting. Five years later, they haven’t seen each other. My youngest barely remembers what he looks like. And I… my blood boiled, even now I can feel it, remembering it…”
“It all started when my father gathered the rest of our family in our small house in village and, together, we fled from the encroaching reds as they killed their way into Germany. We settled somewhere on the West seconds as the Iron Curtain fell – it is a joke, we say, that we lost a scarf because the tail got caught on a divot as we were fleeing to… you know, it’s bicie zegara but not… beat the clock!”
Standing, Cas deems the raid on Jack’s room over. He then starts on erasing any evidence that he was there. Fixing pillows, gathering the slides and stuffing them back inside the envelope. Resealing it, however, Cas notices an important clue that he overlooked. Kicks himself for ignoring it.
, it kept me from saying and – and doing things I wish I’d done sooner. All my life I thought there were things I couldn’t have, rules I had to live by, and I never questioned them until you saved me from hell. Literal
crazy…” He squares his shoulders and continues forward. Snags a newspaper from an open rack and tucks it underarm. Cas sidles up next to the woman, sides flush against one another. “Hello –“
“Okay, professor,” Cas mumbled, placing the book back, “let’s see if you can teach me a few things…”
Cas now bends, gasping for breath while wiping sweat from his brow. “Okay,” he says, “I think that’s good, for now. Dean, how about…” He trails off, Dean stealing every ounce of sense from him.
Walking away from their conversation, Cas beelines for the table. Flashes a friendly grin at the older man when he grabs a cup. He scowls in response, sipping at his drink. “Good coffee?” he asks, pouring himself some.
They pass a twenty-four-hour convenience store Dean remembers, and he knows Baby waits a block around the next corner. Sam chooses then to restart their conversation. “Looks like this trip was good for both of us,” he says, hands shoved inside his pockets. He won’t meet Dean’s eyes. “Learned a lot.”
“Gotta love post-its.” Cas pries the note from the folder and finally abandons Dean’s desk, hurriedly sneaking out and into the cavernous hallways yet again.
. She’s not as comfortable as she appears. Why don’t you follow me in and you can take my bed tonight?”
Stalled at a red light, the color bright enough it grates at his vision, he nearly misses what Andy says. “Huh?”
She snickered, agreeing that dinner was the least he can do. Later on, he proved an overachiever. Ending the night with a nerve-frying orgasm that punched a hole in her bedroom wall.
“Yes, it is.” Mia scribbled a quick note in her journal, frowning. “However, sharing your feelings is not
Nodding, Dean slid away from Mia, widening the distance between them. He tried meeting her gaze. She noted how his eyes stayed fixed on a point behind her. “Okay,” he said, “uh… this is… this is so weird…” It’s not an unusual reaction to this method. Mia was well accustomed to this routine, waiting, watching him cycle through his discomfort still and silent as an ice sculpture. Every patient, no matter their differing problems, responded the same. “Hey… hi,” Dean squeaked out, deflating, “
“Keep my son’s name out of your hole you air breather,” Charles hisses, “I don’t know what kind of damnable magic you’ve enchanted my boy with but I will not have you carry him off to your world for whatever foul tricks you have planned.”
“And what about the tens and twenties of people smoking dope in the house we’re going to?” Dean won’t answer him, jaw tensing as he stares at the road. “C’mon,” Cas sighs, letting go of the wheel so he can wrap his hand around Dean’s wrist. “I’m not gonna make you smoke if you don’t want to… but if Claire wants to get a little high than rather it be here, with stuff I
Claire joins them, “Because he’s a pig.” Her bowl clatters like a gunshot on top of Kaia’s bits of milk spraying out at them.
“Why?” Dean leaned across their small table, “Are you…?” He asks with a wry twist of his lips and a limp wrist.
She left with no other interruptions. Cas waited five minutes and then did the same. Stopped by the potted plant, collecting his microphone and recorder.
“Wow,” he whispers, rubbing at his cheeks. “Y’know after I… after I spent that day in the library I… I didn’t think I could do it again. Thought it was a fluke. But I remembered how easy it was before and the next day I… did it again.” His eyes shine with fresh tears as he wipes away the ones already fallen. “Thank you Jack.”
She shifts, her lips thinning. Looks askance at the window, “I don’t know why that’s important.” He waits silently, not even breathing. Counts each moment her gaze darts his way and then drifts towards the window, rolling like the tides. Her shoulders droop, “For a while. Since he graduated and didn’t seem interested in going to college or-or getting a job. And then he…” She bites her lip, tugging on her ring finger again. Cas pinches the joint at its ends. “We got in a fight, and it was pretty bad. Avoided me for a couple of days, which was frustrating because we lived in the same place so-so at some point we had to see each other, right? And when I finally do see him again, he… changed. Every time after that he was… aloof? Like, not really there, if that makes any sense.”
He ripped himself away, jogging from the backyard space towards the front where his true escape was. Dean white knuckled his keys, jagged teeth biting into the palm of his hand. Pain kept him from spiraling, from thinking, from staying there. And when he couldn’t use pain, key nestled in the ignition instead of his hand, Dean had the next best thing – open roads.
“Jesteś ładna.” This kiss leaves a mark on the inside of her creamy thigh, Meg giggling and kicking a leg over his shoulder in response. Cas smiles, appreciative of her enthusiasm. He removes himself from her leg though, pulling back. “Not yet,” he tells her, “if I do this in a suit, I’ll be doing it like a man
“Father, no!” Castiel yells, railing against the grips of familiar faces, “Please! It’s not what you think!”
Alone, Cas drags his hands down his cheeks and mutters, “Can’t I get a break at some point? Fucking cop ruins everything…”
They snicker, returning to a more normal pace to reach Dean. Castiel lays out the blanket while Sam hands the food off to Dean for him to distribute. Working together as a team - like a
“Preaching to a convert, Dean.” Cas claps his shoulder, a friendlier expression gracing his features. “But enough with depressing shit like that. This is a party, after all.”
Finally, he bats Cas off him, “No, then I’ll never get to the point.” Pouting, Dean carefully avoids his eyes as he shrugs. “Thoughts get pretty muddled after reefer… all that comes out of my mouth is nonsense.”
“You need me,” Castiel continues, “I doubt even if I drew a detailed map you’d be able to follow it safely. The deep has many dangers the likes with which you don’t know and would rather not face.”
Dean isn’t searching for him now. He studies his small puddle of definitely-vodka. He swiped his finger through it earlier and sucked it dry; cheeks hollow, eyes half-lidded and unfocused. Dean heard someone’s glass shatter over the wretched din of noise, timed perfectly with his finger popping out of his mouth like a burst bubble. The sharp smell of alcohol fries his nose hairs. It dulls the throbbing ache caused by his surroundings, Dean’s frayed nerves sparking underneath, jumping like live wires since Sam detailed their plans for this evening.
“Because it has to do with her.” She pins Cas’s wings, keeping him trapped for whatever truth will mess up the careful playing field he set up. “It’s like… have you ever flown in a plane before, Clarence?”
“The money we took back from the murderer? That’s evidence.” He dropped the cigarette, crushing it with the heel of his boot, Cas flinching slightly at the motion. “Besides, any sort of agreement you two might’ve had bit it the moment he did. You should be lucky you
while in dad’s presence. Sam will push and push and push until he’s flatter than cardboard. Contents neatly organized and fit for storage.
First, he skulked the alley way in case he missed something. Peeked inside through the slats from before, except every light was extinguished. “Too early for ‘em, I guess,” he mused, stepping back. Cas heard a crunch, having stepped on something. He pulled his foot off and squinted at it, squatting when his vision fails him.
,” Sam growls, “That… he must have…” Spinning around the room, he searches for his brother. “Where is he?”
Claire snorts, biting back a retort Cas bets is similar to his. How, by attending this party, Dean guarantees he’ll end the night less pure than started. But he’s a big boy. Dean can handle some second-hand smoke.
Free from Chuck’s influences, Dean decided he might cut a few more strings. Namely beer. He’ll enjoy a bottle every now and then but, reflecting on it, booze never offered comfort he really needed. Only aggravated a different sort of hurt, distracting him for a while. He abandoned those distractions. Instead of asking their bartender from last night, with his tanned skin and wavy, blond hair, for whiskey, neat, until he dropped, Dean stood from their table and paid his tab. Carried his longing out the exit, drove with it, laid down in his bed and held it close. Hugged it, imagining
wanted to, but I… I kept telling myself I was holding out for the perfect girl. One like my ma… basically chasing ghosts like my dad, avoiding the truth.”
“If you do, you’ll go back to your former body,” Castiel explains, “And we won’t be able to communicate.”
Dean, chastised, sulks in his seat. Claire mirrors him, albeit she makes it less obvious. Stone-faced, unlike Dean’s immature pout.
Sighing, Castiel begins sinking into the ocean. His vision blurs, and he pauses to regain control. The amulet still stings, so he grabs it by the cord and holds it up. “Dean,” Castiel sighs, “I’ve never felt like I belonged… until I met you.”
Repurposed the buildings in ways squares never imagined and could not recover. Signs of Sergei’s own tampering very evident. Paint slapped along the wooden siding in a swirling array, sometimes covered by pinned flags hand-dyed and embroidered with strange patterns. A wreath of recycled cans and bottles hung proudly on the door while beads hung in lieu of curtains. Finally, tying the chaos together, was a little tent set up near the side. Pitched for special ‘sessions’ Sergei hosts that ‘magnifies the spiritual energy and shines enlightenment onto those who accept’.
s’stupid as you look.” Dean waves, flagging the bartender for his next vodka. “Why don’t you take your
But that won’t be until later. Now, Dean shimmies out of his boxers. He pulls the panties on, flicking the bow twice once it’s settled. “Are you ready?” Dean croons, jiggling the knob, “because it’s time to
A group of protestors were brought in, filtered through the system while being processed. Long-haired types who caused a ruckus by gathering outside a restaurant hosting some white-collar event. Yelling, screaming – actions incongruent with their peaceful appearance. And preaching many of the same buzzwords Cas has heard floating around these past few weeks.
The smaller agent blusters, wiping at the sweat dripping across his forehead with a tiny rag. His and his friend’s bodies boiling, no doubt because of the arbitrary dress code enforced by strait-laced squares. “Um, okay, Cas –“
“What?” Cas stutters a laugh, overly warm despite being bare-chested. “I’m – I’m here for you. You and your
And Dean, with a stack of coupons in hand, showed Jack the merits of sniffing for bargains with the same ferocity served to find demons, vampires, and other monsters.
A sigh escapes his lips while Cas tallies a few more strikes against Dean given the evidence. Thinking about it, though, only makes the urge to hurl grow. He tries a different distraction, organizing Dean’s desk. Removing any proof Cas interfered as best he could.
“I don’t dance, Cas…” His legs betray him, following Castiel into the fray. Vodka making his protests toothless. Vodka and Castiel.
. About the love Cas inspired within Dean that changed his life, from the very beginning, from the touch of Cas’s hand on his shoulder. That simple act which broke him free from Chuck’s wheel again and again and again. Dean couldn’t say any of this in a crowded room. He doubts he can with only Cas. He already cried enough for one day. So, they’ll have sex instead. After they’ve burned through the remaining fumes that linger in their tanks, Dean will present the card, curl against Cas’s side with his head tucked underneath his husband’s chin, and listen while Cas reads how much he means to Cas.
Smirking, Cas stretches languidly. Adds a wink that throws Dean further off, blush staining his cheeks. “So,” he asks, “what’s Abby think of all this?”
meetings. A cleansing, he called it.” He scoffs, baring his teeth in a deadly grin. “Sounded like some hippie shit I wanted no part of, but he was putting in the effort. Figured I might as well. But then I get there, and this knot forms itself, right here.” Rufus clutches at his stomach. “And it only gets tighter the longer I’m there. Figured it was from the hunger, part of that
“Hmm… that reminds me of this woman in my old village, she had ten children and all day and night they would scream and cry out for her. Her husband… when he wasn’t at the bar, he was at work, and when not at work, at bar. Never home. One day she got out of bed in early light of morning, left the home, and hours later a few other ladies found her passed out on shore of lake, bloody rock in hand.” Cas coughs, grimacing. “I apologize if this is… too dark for business meeting. But Mr. Roman? Is he…?”
Dean’s attempt to appear cheerful dispersed like smoke, familiar dreariness scarring his features. “Kid’ll be fine by himself for an hour or two,” he muttered.
“Help?” Cas points past the officer, into the sea of beige and blue, “I’m trying to find Detective Winchester’s desk. He told me to wait there while he processes a few things, but he left without telling me where…”
She walked behind the front desk, ignoring Sam and Dean rather than finish speaking. Dean briefly glanced at Sam before clearing his throat. She stopped rifling through papers, arching her brow. It’s not likely she’ll do more without some prompting. “Well,” Dean growled, “where is she?”
The amulet begins sinking into the deep, Dean glowing bright before his human body returns. Charles lets go, Dean’s arms now scratching at his throat while bubbles pour from his mouth.
Cas removes another picture, more faded and wrinkled from being without the protection given by a frame. He drags a finger across the black-and-white scene, sweeping over each face captured. Of a mother with a loving, proud smile. A small baby in her arms gazing up at her. And a slightly older boy clinging to his mother’s leg, hiding, scared of the camera.
“Easiest for a person like me.” Cas mirrors Dean now, a few questions stirring up in his mind. “What about you?”
What he wants to be, though, is left alone. That doesn’t seem likely. Not with how Roidy gloms onto Dean’s side, an arm curling around his shoulders. Not if his biting smile meant anything, tearing through Dean’s dismissals. Not as Roidy whispers, barely audible because of the music, “If you’re going for discreet, I can do that… play along, that is. It wouldn’t be worth it if it were easy…”
“They say you’re supposed to want better for your kids,” Kelly says, “to lead lives you couldn’t lead because the opportunities were never there. Jack had… so much potential; every day since he graduated it was another day he was squandering it. And I never used to get mad at my son but that… seeing him come in when he pleased, so relaxed while I’m still working in the
She readily agreed to a meeting, asking Cas if he could squeeze in an interview before dinner. Cas dashed over without a second thought.
“…it’s funny, dude,” Andy continues, “like that sandwich is so good it’s like – like awesome, right? But I always zone when I’m done… puts you in a really chill mood.”
After posting his first work Jack spent the next few hours refreshing his page, watching the number of kudos to see them grow. By the time Castiel came to check in on him he had five of them - two from people with accounts and three guests.
He begged for an answer with pouted lips and hollow cheeks. Mia, resilient, ignored his pleas. She dipped her chin and raised her brow in practiced ease.
“You can, too, if you want.” Lucifer casts his reel wide, waiting. Eyebrows waggling like baited worms. “It’d be a hell lot easier than what you’re doing now. Come on…” he needles, “why is it so hard to believe in
. “Cas,” Dean sighs, “he let himself… he confessed…” Explaining it was too difficult, but Sam needed to know. Jack, too. “He loved me, Sam.” Laughing, Dean wipes at his eyes. “He loved
to stay that way. If we can’t have a future, then at least… at least we have here.” He laughs, choking on it. More tears dance their way down.
“No, I mean… before I knew it was Jack, I assumed it was for the common reasons.” He didn’t expand on what those were. “And then when I found out it was Jack, I… I guess I must have forgotten.” Cas rolls the joint between his fingers, “You think she’s keeping something from me?”
!” Jack watches him go, acting like a four-year old instead of the forty-year old he grew to know. Picking himself up, Jack walks after him like
Which brings him to the present, where Dean and Castiel solidify their feelings once more through kisses. Castiel crowds Dean against the counter, both growing bolder and louder. They still haven’t realized Jack watches them, tearing at their clothes as if inside their bedroom and not the communal kitchen.
Cas reads his scribbled handwriting, smudged from age. His name, address, and all ten digits of his phone number. “They’re useful.” He gestures at the array of files marked with their own notes and indecipherable shorthand. “Where’d you find this?”
Dad’s opinion, of his two sons wasting their night in a gay bar, would ruffle the feathers of Sam’s newfound sensitivity. He hears their dad’s voice clearly, delivering a tirade about their terrible choices. Dean spent his time at the bar drowning that voice since arriving. He drains his fourth-or-fifth glass of its contents. It all splashes like the others, into his empty, churning stomach. Dad’s voice, the awful music, his nerves and senses slip out of mind. He sees dregs of vodka left in his glass. He uses the same finger that swiped through the tiny bar puddle and swirls it there, coating in in more vodka. Again, Dean sucks on his finger.
Surly waves strike higher than he expected, hitting his waist. He chokes on his next drag, coughing up grass smoke while bent over his knees. Stares at his toes while recovering from the shock, of Dean’s casual admittance. “What?”
Alone, Cas pulls his earlier note out of his pocket. Uncapping the pen tucked near a hidden joint in his front shirt pocket, Cas scribbles a few words on the other side, unmarred by the church’s address.
Cas throws his head back with a groan, hitting the headrest. “I think you’re old enough to know what the birds and bees are, Dean.” At the other’s blank look, Cas tears his wrist from Dean’s grip. “Claire’s my brother’s kid, and she’s our way in.”
.” He climbs out of the backseat, helping Dean as he shows no sign of moving. The other man stumbles, at first, but finds his footing soon enough. Together they climb a short mountain onto Cas's floor. Meandering towards his apartment at a slow pace, Dean reveling in the complexity of senses that come from major trips. His fingers glided across the metal railing, like
Adam doesn’t flinch from Dean’s bite, smirking at him. Followed by an airy laugh that sounds nicer than it should. “Y’know, my hands can only do so much,” he continues, standing. Clawing at Dean with blunt nails, repetitively raking patterns like he were a rock garden. “Massages are a give and take. I can only leech away what you’re willing to part with. And there’s a
“…Thank you, sir.” Cas tries the peace sign again, “Peace and love.” The guard unfolds a newspaper without saying a word. “Great…” he mutters, driving through and into the community. Immediately he spots a massive house straining towards the sky, painted a nauseating orange with a red-tiled roof. Spanish inspired, like every other building strung up in Santa De Maria Properties.
Cas shrugs, audaciously winking at Dean. “I didn’t say anything, Dean,” he says, “you hearing things? Some of that smoke find its way up your nose?”
Five minutes into their journey, Cas thinks he can speak without risk of showing his hand. “So, Claire,” he starts, “what did ol’ Jimmy speak with you about.”
For once, Cas resists his impulses. Of throwing his arms around Dean, dragging him from the couch and into his room; cocooning themselves from all that troubled them until Cas laid every piece of skin Dean flayed in this makeshift therapy session where it belonged. A good idea that would only delay them further from the point Dean promised at his arrival. He can sense that if they drove onto this highway’s shoulder, they’d never reach their destination.
Early morning on the beach captures unreality; the picturesque dreams people waste gallons of paint in poor translations, the end product never truly carrying the same essence. Sunlight bounces off the rolling tides and glitter like diamonds on apology jewelry.  They hit your eyes, distracting from the littered remains of beachgoers who occupied the space only yesterday – forgotten blankets, broken umbrellas, and trash they always think will be picked up after them. By lifeguards or seagulls or the sea itself. If placed right, a wave will crash onto the shore and carry off any memory you want repressed with a comforting roar of the tides. But the ocean was never kind, not like the surfers that dwell in his community would like thinking. That being thrown from their long boards meant the same as play wrestling in the school yard.
“He never wore his ring,” she says, “And there weren’t any pictures of them in his office. Found out why as I caught him hiding it in his drawers when I walked in.”
well, alongside some perks. And the training isn’t so bad, took me a few months in the academy and I’ve been on the streets for almost a month.”
Crowley, in his dirty, wrecked suit, sullenly poked the kindling with a knife Bobby must have given him. He hadn’t moved since Mary closed her eyes; however, he appeared more disgruntled than she remembered. An agonized expression carved into his soot-covered face. She might hazard a guess on what caused it, attention flitting from him to the last member of their party.
of stories about California before moving here, so I wasn’t totally unprepared. But this wasn’t your average meeting. At its core, though, they did talk about giving things up to a higher power… but it ran a bit
“You ran away so fast we barely finished our conversation,” Cas says, walking in. Cas whistles at the spacious backroom: wobbling waterbed, red lighting, and mirror strategically placed above. Looking at his reflection, Cas messes with his hair. “Although I understand if you’d rather have this conversation somewhere more private.”
Dean follows before coming back to himself. He touches his lips, smiling, wiping at his eyes. Then he turns and begins swimming back to shore, legs kicking all the way. Castiel waits for him to reach the shore, the amulet burning his hand.
“Oh…” Castiel licks his lips, a sight Jack wishes he wasn’t privy, too. He’s rooted to the floor, trapped as the audience for his fathers’ strange flirtatious ritual. Watching it play like a scene from one of the many romantic comedies Dean pretends he doesn’t collect on his Netflix queue. “What do I… what do I taste like?”
Although that’s just one oddity to tack on, many more concerning him. Like how there seemed like a never-ending source of people flowing into the house, taking up every inch. Cas left claustrophobic by how packed it became. Afraid the walls strained from the effort of confining such a large crowd. The only one concerned.
Sam nods, returning to his porn. A loud rumble disrupts his reading, and he frowns at his stomach. “I am hungry,” he announces, slapping the magazine open on the table.
Cas reaches out, halting halfway across the divide when no words of comfort appear in his mind. He slinks back hoping she didn’t see. “Then all of this with Jack began years ago?”
Chuck twists his hand in the wound. The very reason Cas fled, Dean’s statement ringing in his head. ‘
“Who? Cole?” Eve laughs, staring at Cole with hunger in her eyes. She licks her lips, red paint undisturbed. “He’s not company – he’s my gardener.”
Sam surrendered without a fight here, too. He chose his battles and could see how meaningless it’d be to press now. He filed this away, though, to use for a later date.
Dean and Castiel pause at the entrance of a small, one-story house. Castiel marvels at the sight, like he did all the other houses before when they walked down the hard path. It was a strange sensation, the stone on his feet – not very comfortable. Thankfully Dean stole him a pair of coverings he called ‘flip flops’, along with a ‘shirt’ and ‘shorts’. He would grow use to the feeling in time, but he did enjoy the sound they made when he stepped.
“Whoa,” Claire studies the scene, worry reflecting off the rearview mirror, “what the hell happened –“
“Not much,” Sam shrugs, “There is a stack more of these waiting for me –“ he waves the magazine – “and I might go watch a few videos, too, so I can jerk it.”
“Not many of my people are,” Castiel says, “It’s forbidden to go up to the surface, to talk with one of you.”
“Well, that’s on you Dean. Remember,” Cas rises, smoothing the ever-present wrinkles on his shirt. He plucks a phrase from his memory and doubles down, taking a spear to the side of this grizzly. “This world, filled with sin, is always waiting with new disappointment. Maybe you’d feel better if you… dropped out of a life where expectations were imposed on you without your consent. It sure does feel good.” While biting, Cas feels his own skin boil from the fleeting admission. Scanning the man across from him, he thinks the momentary lapse in guard went unnoticed.
Sometimes Cas’s hand lingered, back when their relationship was new. Finding its footing despite Chuck’s story. He blamed it on his angel’s inexperience with humanity. But the more he stayed on Earth, the longer they lasted. More significant. A game of chicken, each daring the other to drop first.
Cas reads the note again, and then drops to his knees. Crawls slowly while his gaze drifts left and right, searching for any sign of the mentioned box. Cardboard blends with cardboard, and Cas senses another migraine knocking on his temple from squinting so fiercely. Sighing, he rests on his heels.
“Actually, let me guess,” he says, cutting her off. “Someone broke into your home and stole a family heirloom, and you think it was some hippie who sold it for their next fix?” She huffs her disagreement. “Then you’re being blackmailed, and want me figuring out who’s breathing down your neck before the next payment?” She rolls her eyes. “Is it marital issues? You think your husband is cheating on you and I have to follow him around with
Cas huffs, “Sometimes to scratch an itch you need to try all that you can.” He rubs at his face, exhausted from their fighting. “I don’t see what the big deal is –“
Dean remembers. Their family, together, celebrating Dean’s birthday. His first birthday free from Chuck’s machinations, with a cake Jack spent all day baking and presents that lined the end of the table. He held Cas’s hand as he blew out the candles, mind blank because nothing he could wish for would match the happiness he felt in that moment. He tells Cas this after he asks what he wished for. And Cas, of course, proceeds to kiss him. Cas kisses him while Eileen cut the cake, while Jack helped plate them, and while Sam clapped Dean’s shoulders in warning to reign it in. Dean pulled back, gasping, unsure how he might respond to his then-boyfriend’s passion. Then Cas asked him that all-important, heart-stopping, mind-blowing question, opened a velvet box, and Dean knew exactly what to say.
Jack agreed with him, and after writing a short little piece where Castiel decorates his room he and his father went on a shopping trip that ended with two dripping ice cream cones and a packed trunk.
“Not funny…” The chill accompanying Dean’s biting remark blusters against Cas’s jacket. Dean resituates himself, sitting normally in the car seat as Cas slows the car, parking in an empty driveway of a two-story better described as being ‘mansion adjacent’. “Please tell me we’re here…”
“Yeah, he still holds his classes there,” Sonny told him, “although he probably already beat it by now. He’ll be here tomorrow, though. Same room!” When he left again Cas let him, satisfied with the help he gave. And since Cas’s reason for being there was gone, he hit bricks, too. Not far, camping in his car with the only entertainment the stack of police files he brought that begged for attention he never gave. Sleep that night was fitful.
!” Sam tore Dean away from Jack and Baby, carrying him off to sit on the sidewalk’s curb. Bent him, head between knees, helping him work past growing hysterics. Jack followed them, hovering. Shadow blocking the sun from shining above, casting him in darkness. Thinking this makes Dean spiral further. “Breathe Dean, just
He lapses, having said what he needed. The rest of the meeting carries on uneventfully, with no one in particular speaking despite the woman who invited him in asking very pointed questions. Pumping the chest even though the heart monitor played a mortal beep since he walked through the door. At least he learns a few other names from the struggle, like the older man who resolutely won’t look at Cas since they locked gazes before.
“What?” the first voice asks, “Can’t you pin something to him? I’m sure he’s broken some other law?”
Rising, Cas shuffles towards the bathroom. Water rushing out the faucet, howling in these early hours. He knocks at the edge of the divider, on the wooden doorjamb. “Dean,” he says, voice rough and raspy with sleep. “Dean, you okay in there?”
Someone claps from off to the side, causing his muscles to stiffen in a painful way. Cas glances at his right, a familiar figure strutting forward. Wind playing with the lapels of his oversized suit jacket.
Once the door shut, Jack returned to his laptop with another idea for a story. Choosing Castiel for a main character, he started writing another short ficlet imagining his father taking time off for himself. Setting down in the Cave and watching a movie or a show. Maybe with a bowl of popcorn and a nice, warm blanket around his shoulders. He worked tirelessly to ensure Jack, Sam, and Dean managed through the days and the moments he had for himself were never truly relaxing.
that I hate him, but I don’t know if there’s anything I can do to fix it. And I can’t stop thinking about you, because you
.” He began walking off, Dean not far behind. “And, perhaps, as you’re doing that… you can tell me when you plan on hanging that mirror?”
spiked it.” Dean perks, following his lead. Mirrors his stance, albeit less threatening because of his current state. “Is there anything you want to say?”
“He’s a real good friend,” Cas slips the other ten across the podium, “Knows I don’t want to be interrupted.”
“Nothing much,” Jack shrugs, “I’ve been here… we were all in the kitchen earlier, you, me, Dean and Cas –“
Cas tensed, too aware of the incriminating joint waiting in his shirt pocket. If he ran, they would know he had it. And if he stood his ground… His options were bleak, and the more seconds Father Time whacked away the more sweat dripped down his neck.
The closer he gets, the more he sees what Dean does. Gasps when he notices the flashing light hiding in the darkness. “Dean, no!” His hand shoots out, reaching for the other. Dean’s tail flips wildly, making it difficult to grab. Castiel does, tugging him to stop.
Dean looks even more uncomfortable than when he did after the transformation. “I mean… little kids believe in you guys. And a bunch of women who buy stuff off of Etsy. But I think that’s it… you’re all supposed to be
Finding Jack’s room proved more difficult than he anticipated. Luck souring, he opened at least three other doors before Jack’s room waited on the other side. Although knowing where the bathroom was seemed useful, too, in case his bladder went rogue.
Nick pales, visibly shaken by the blow. “I don’t… why would you…” Pursing his lips, he removes himself from the coals Cas stoked under his chair. Flees, but not too far. Cas watches him grab a wad of cash from out his pocket and flash it towards a girl serving two cold beers. Drags her away, tray still in hand, to a more secluded section of the venue.
“Another lesson my boy,” Charles says, turning his back on them, “the ocean is no place for humans. Now come along.”
He asked if John, their father, knew Dean was there. Dean told him explicitly how that relationship played out after Sammy left. Hearing that Dean came unattached, Sammy brightened up. “Afraid I’d come to drag him back on the road, looking for ma’s killer. That dad needed help… but no. Once we buried that, the conversation got better. Back and forth, filling in the blank spaces on what happened. He told me about college – Stanford, that was the place. Been in California this whole time. College, law school… law
“Is that why you’re here?” she asks, whispering. Canines flashing in a wide smile, “Are you on a case?”
“I was unsure if there existed a concept of gender in humans – the line already blurred so much for my people.”
Cas scowls, fists balled at his sides. “And you being here? Sharing this with me? Is that part of your story?”
In this magical website, thousands of stories wait for him that differ from the inciting story. They are all written by different people, about countless subjects. While the list of categories made him dizzy, Jack decides to stick with what he knows: the stories starring Sam, Dean, and Castiel.
“There’s no factories on any beaches,” Dean tells him, “and – hate to burst your bubble, angel – but I doubt Hawaiian shirt makers are paid what they deserve, regardless of where their factories are.” Cas hums in that same, sullen note he usually does when the beginning notes of Sarah McLachlan play and Dean can’t switch channels fast enough. He folds his clothes, setting them aside. Then, Dean sneaks his hand into his stack of fresh boxers, finding the surprise he hid for his husband. “Hey,” Dean rises, “capitalism sucks, but we can’t let it ruin our trip.” Dean drops onto Cas’s lap, delighting in the tiny ‘oof’ that escapes from his husband. “Here,” he says, “I was saving this for later… but hell, we’re running out of time. I’d rather give it to you before the night ends than a day later.” Dean hands him an envelope, Cas’s name scrawled on the front. “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
Sam watches Jack open another Word document, quickly typing out a short story. In his reflection, Jack sees his eyes glow golden and he smiles. Pressing on the ‘period’ key, he turns to stare at the closest doorway.
“Yeah, we say scene… but not like that.” Cas twirls a loose strand of hair around his finger, keeping with an air of boredom. Glad his sunglasses protect a hidden scrutiny shining in his eyes. “What do you even need my help for, anyway? Didn’t you two say you worked for the British government –“
Only, in the midst of the afternoon chaos, Cas saw no white billowy shirt hiding big tits and hocking pessimistic leaflets of any kind. He waited for hours. In his car, legs stretched across the front cabin and the radio blasting with rocking chords that shook his car. Outside his car, lying on the side of his hood without the dried bird poop. Every now and then a wanderer slowed their trek and approached. Most of the time for a conversation, only once to tell him off about how he should get a job. “But I am working,” he sighed, fixing his shades, “and right now you’re messing with my groove. If you don’t mind…?” Fifteen minutes were wasted while the interloper stood on his soapbox, only stopping when Cas rolled off the hood and towered over him. He scurried away, head hung low. “Thought so.”
“Well, when I checked the victims’ houses for haunting signs, I came up empty,” Dean said, hopping into his jeans, “Turned my thinking around, started asking if there were any connections between the two stiffs and, apparently, both were seeing the same therapist.” He fastened the button of his jeans, then moved to dig out some shirts. “Some woman named Mia Vallens. They’d been seeing her, separately, because both had – uh… had lost someone in their lives.”
“A few places seemed nice, but my father always told me I should at least try every car in the lot before making a purchase. Bad advice if you want to spend your whole day at a dealership – back then there were probably only like, three cars – but in this case, it makes sense. I mean, there were some I would never have considered going to. Like this, oh this one was… it was kooky, that’s the only way I could describe it. Felt like I got transported to another world! I didn’t fret too much, I had heard a
and sitting with shrinks that run through the same spiel over and over. Always comes back promising he changed, how he’ll never touch the stuff again. The last place he went was suggested by his lawyer. This one had recently opened and… and it messed him up.”
. Hope, Castiel. All that hope you had… for Jack, a better world, a chance to raise a kid alongside the others. Experience those wonders, find a new purpose – dashed with a simple knife through your chest. The last thing you saw being Dean as his heart shattered, and he
“You don’t know how happy I am to hear you say that,” Dean sighs, kissing him. “God, Cas, I love you so much.”
The agents leave them, taller between the two glancing a final time at Cas. Snarling, an unspoken threat communicated by the cresting wave of his barely-there upper lip. Any doubt Cas could have that he remembered him dries up like a puddle under the boiling sun.
He tenses at the question, ducking his gaze. “Not particularly, no…” Dean kicks his feet, pocketing his hands. Paces for a beat and then collapses beside Cas. “You have a brother.”
’ Their heated, silent exchange during that brief pause. Communicating as best they could. Still, Dean gave into his fears. Choosing what Cas prayed he’d never.
He leans on the wall of the fourth floor, standing by the stairs. Gasping, exhausted from his hike. Cas scrambled over steps, on all fours, wilder the longer Dean evades him. Although, with this level, he finds his anxiety lessening. Maybe because the music below cannot reach this high, or battles between darkness and the pulsing lightshow hadn’t twisted his surroundings. Everything looks normal, from what he can tell. Even the guests, who are engaging in thoughtful conversation. Not at all the zombies that hid around every corner.
“Okay,” the woman claps after the sixth stilted response, “I think this about wraps up today’s meeting… we’ve got the room for another fifteen minutes if anyone would like to mingle. Again, I want to thank Cynthia and Victor for providing the donuts and coffee. You can still snag some on your way out. Remember, David, it’s your turn next week.” There’s a slight murmur that spreads throughout the crowd, but other than that they file out. Avoiding the half-filled snack table. Few people linger in the room. She stays, alongside Victor and another woman who Cas guesses is Cynthia since a flash of pride overcame her disease when their group leader mentioned the coffee.
with me.” She leans forward, hanging off of Dean’s arm now. “Police work, wedding planning… you wouldn’t
“Last row, third one with the yellow mug on it…” Cas spots the sunbeam brightening an otherwise cloudy desk, Dean’s station a copy of all the others in the sequestered area without it. He navigates the tight fit, tripping over a hidden chair leg on the desk in front of Dean’s.
That seemed to work. Dean’s gentle rocking, paired with a hummed lullaby cherrypicked from his past, put the hellion in his arms at ease. Jack stared up, transfixed by what Dean guessed is the tall lamp casting a gentle glow on them both; a lamp Sam, now in the room and by his side, flicked on after Dean sat down. It must be the center of his focus, because Dean wouldn’t believe the baby looked at him like he did; like he’s a bright and beautiful thing, deserving of attention, of being the center of his known universe. He didn’t want that, especially from
Dean scoffs from behind the closet door. “I picked it up because I heard it was about two men doing cross-country through America, and one was named Dean.” Voice soft, Cas strains to listen. “Figured it’d be kinda nice… help me think about the good times when…” He growls, tone shifting. “It doesn’t matter. Reading it’s a fucking chore. Sometimes I can’t understand what the bastard wrote even after staring at the page for ten minutes.”
Luckily Cas knows someone who can help. He fights with his thoughts, keeping them at bay while instincts steer Cas to her apartment. Once parked, Cas peels off the stifling flannel, balling it up and shoving the shirt in his backseat. Cool air brushes at his skin as he jogs the short distance towards the phone booth.
He dips after that, scurrying out the door and towards his waiting car. Shucking the jacket and balling it up under his arms. While rounding his car he begins taking off his shoes, hopping, sighing in relief when bare feet meet asphalt. “Fucking torture…” Cas throws them inside and then sits, turning the ignition. A second after hearing the engine he slams on the gas pedal and kicks up dust.
Dean nearly forgot. Chuck… if only. His anger would have a target, instead of hanging around him as if it were a fog. Miasma thick he cannot see past a never-ending reel of those few,
“Of course I would’ve said them, Cas,” Dean tells him, “You don’t think I wish I had the balls to tell you how I’m really feeling all the time? To be close to you always and… and all that other stuff.”
before she leaves.” His brother’s façade gives nothing, but Cas knows from experience the storm lurking within. Has one just the same. Except where Cas’s is wild, Jimmy has trained it over the years. Precise enough he can lift a brow and thunder echoes in your bones. That rattling is all he can handle for the moment. Better trail out and let the clouds dissipate than stay and risk further blows. Like Jimmy deciding he can drive Claire to whatever lie she concocted instead of him.
Roidy snuffles Dean’s neck, alarms clanging within his head. Or possibly it’s coming from the many speakers placed throughout the bar. Either way that plus everything he drank, make thinking complicated and tortuously slow, like Roidy nosing along his collarbone. His thoughts fall apart before they make it to his mouth, Dean opening and shutting and opening his mouth hoping a few words can crawl themselves into existence. He manages a few garbled syllables that are greatly ignored.
Dean nods. Shifting, he rolls onto his side to face Castiel. Castiel does the same. As he lets his consciousness drift away with the gentle underwater tides, Castiel realizes that he still holds Dean’s hand.
“I could ask you the same thing.” A hot wave of fury blistered Dean’s face, transforming the terrain and leaving a barren, ashen wasteland in its trail. Dean stormed away from him but didn’t move far. He hovered by the door to the lobby, fiddling with a wooden statue. Sam let him. That he remained in the room spoke more to his willingness of hearing Mia’s story than anything he’s said this past hour. Sam turned to her, “You were aware of the deaths in town?”
Dean opens one eye, and all the staunched apprehension attacks, swallowing him whole. He steadies, bashfully staring at the floor. Overthinking every flick of his wrist and step. The smile on Cas’s face falls, seeing how those nasty flies buzz around Dean’s head. Biting, waking him from his dream-like state. “We…” Dean starts, clearing his throat, “we should probably get to it… shouldn’t we?”
to be licked clean of all my sense. Though maybe that’s because I steered clear of all the drugs they were laying out.”
He forces a smile onto his face, more like a wince than anything. “He’s… rough around the edges; surly. Especially after he’s had a couple of drinks. Dad and
, or get started with your story?” He pats the empty space beside him. “If it’s a long one, you might wanna get
“Thank you,” she says. Out the corner of his eye he sees a dark shadow dashing across the street, suspiciously hurry. “Do you have a –“
She tenses, finally snapping off a piece of her armor in a display of sudden vulnerability. Cas trails after her downcast gaze, watching as she tugs on her ring finger. Smooth and pale. “No husband,” she says after a while.
“Now, now,” Cas intervenes, arms spread wide between them. Preventive, in case these chihuahuas decide yipping won’t cut it. “Quit making me be the responsible one, it throws off our entire dynamic.” Then, after making sure Claire’s white flag waved high and proud, he turned on Dean. “Hey,” he whispers, inching closer, “are you okay?”
Dean snorts, and then hides his amusement behind some light coughing when the envoys from the capital among capitals turn their ire towards him.
Clown fish wriggle in his hands aware of their fate. However he doesn’t eat them. Instead he turns around and offers them to a horrified Dean. Castiel’s head tilts to the side, confused. “What?” he asks, a piece of scale flying out from his teeth.
,” he says. Gasping, he freezes and stares at Castiel again. “I can talk and move my mouth and I’m not
Although as of late her messages have been coming in mixed, he still wouldn’t consider Sergei’s approach. Acid’s too powerful a drug; a key that unlocks every part of your brain and then shocks it into overdrive. Easy for someone to slip behind the wheel and take your thoughts for a spin. Whenever Cas dropped, he preferred either doing it on his own or at crowded parties where he is lost in a sea of others clawing for salvation through the drug, too. Keeping the wheel in his own hands.
Meg walks with him into the hall, laughing. “I thought that’s what this is for?” She points at a purpling circle under her breast, skin so tender that she hisses poking it.
him. I’m sure if he ever wanted a boyfriend he could’ve done it, and there I’d be covering his tracks like I did for his dog an’ his playdates an’ his
Dean cannot argue with this. He doesn’t feel too inclined to move yet. “For them,” he says, closing his eyes. “This isn’t about us, anymore. It’s about all of them. The world… our family… Eileen and – and
“Don’t presume to know how I feel…” Dean shoves him back, “And give me space. I… it’s been awhile, okay?”
A mile out from the gated community Cas notices a black speck growing larger the further he advances. Its wavy shape becomes more defined until Cas recognizes the muscle car from earlier parked off the side of the road.
“Okay,” Cas relaxes in Calvin’s arms, dragging his own fingers through the man’s curls, “Show me.”  Head tilted upwards; their lips meet in a soft exchange of breaths. Cas tastes a hint of grass and digs his tongue in to mine for more.
The rest blurred in a muddled paragraph of words that made his mind fuzzy. Instead he memorized the code on the upper-left corner and abandoned the card on the floor. He already forgot which part of the drawer he pulled it from, anyway.
“Something like that,” Dean sighs, “Figures you wouldn’t see a car, they can’t really go in the water.”
“Usually whenever Dick gets caught up in a drunken frenzy, and the police come by for a slap on the wrist, he spends a few months at some dry retreat, going to
A poor excuse that Cas knows Dean will see through. Except there’s no further protests. Dean relaxes with a sigh, moving closer. Snatches his book back from the other side of his bed. Inspects it, “At least you didn’t lose my place…”
