“Hush.” Tony said standing up and hooking an arm through Steve’s. “I will be here if you cannot awaken. We must rest, truly rest before we make the last leg of the trip.”
"Right," Clint said gripping his hand and walking straight into the woods. Bucky almost protested but the image of Clint bent in half his hands clawing at a tree, his belly hanging low to a grassy floor, while Bucky took him, would not leave, so into the woods they went.
“No.” Bruce said. “I’m not done bandaging his wound, sir.”
The sun was high, and the summer heat was being blown away by the fall air. Steve sat outside the barn drawing the forest. He sketched absently waiting for the man. The one with a pack of omegas hiding from a pack of arms dealers and with automatons that think for themselves.
Steve was lying on the floor of Tony and Natasha’s dorm room with his hands over his eyes. Tony had fallen asleep while his little crew of fighter slowly released information on nearly every high ranking student, professor, and personnel, in the entire school. Natasha bragged about how her teacher wanted to fight her to relieve whatever sexual tension they had for her. She broke their nose before they even had a chance to jerk off. It was one of the teachers Steve thought was a good person. Apparently everyone in this school was the worst human being in the world.
Tony didn't need to turn to know that Bruce was frowning. "But how is he still working-"
“I know. We’ll go get them, Tony. Not now. It’s raining we’re a man down and two of our spies haven’t returned. We need shelter.”
"What do you mean why?"
Thor pulled away from Bruce who had been sitting in a rocking chair before the large prince picked him up and squeezed him like a ball of dough.
“Fuck off Stark!” Tommy snarled in a whisper.
"More than one?" Steve asked.
Steve laughed it sounded animal and strange to his ears. “That still doesn’t explain why you are here?”
“Bringing up bad memories—”
“Of fucking course.” Bruce snapped. “I mean I would have liked to have known before hand so we could have stopped before people decided to try and murder you.”
Stane fixed his tie. “You’re right. I seemed to forget myself there.”
It was a surprise to see how many people were actually in the house at dinner that night. Tony stared at them all eyes wide and fork halfway to his mouth. They were all in various states of undress from Clint not wearing a shirt at all to Tony wearing a grass stained but otherwise clean suit. Last time Natasha and Sam were there but Steve was not, and the table had felt full then he couldn’t imagine what it’d be like with all of them and two children.
Sam and Natasha found them nearly two days into their hunt for the automatons. Their only instruction of where they were was Tony’s internal navigator. He never had to look for them at the inn. They were in his boundaries, he guessed. There was no way to explain it. He just knew where to go. Sometimes they would diverge from the road and Tony would follow that line and then they’d weave back. Steve was the one to put together that Tony was going through the motions of them resting. The crew did not rest. They trudged on Tony’s eyes were glazed as if drugged, blisters on his feet.
"Have you met them?"
Clint closed his eyes letting the tension go. He thought Tony would leave him. He’d gotten his children lost again. Instead he was comforted and asked to rest. Clint’s brain felt heavy and he barely registered Bucky pulling his body close to him. In moment’s he was asleep. He helped the rest sleep too.
They were covered in flashlights and the authorities took over.
“It was a safety he gave us, and we should at least respect that by fighting for it and playing nice.”
Bucky was actually pretty angry now. “Look, I know you’re long history as a virgin might make you a little dense but I love this man more than life itself and I need to go back just to see…” Bucky choked on the words. “To see if he’ll take me back.”
Natasha blinked in the face of the three prefects and a smiling Clint. She had surrounded herself with stupid assholes. Sam looked apologetic, Steve looked angry, and Bucky…looked exactly as done with this as her.
Tony didn’t respond.
“So…” Thor started awkwardly. “Bruce?”
“I won’t be able to eat…” Tony muttered.
"Someone long dead, Doctor Banner." Jarvis answered. "Nothing that should be of concern."
“Let’s take this inside,” Tony panted. He was seeing stars. Oh, god…please don’t let his heat come. The fire still coursed through his veins and it felt like he was in his furnace. Both Stane and Steve looked at him like he was insane. He breathed in through his nose deep enough to get the words out.
“Don’t, kind angel. You’ve run your kindness thin and now you are but a husk. Thor is awake and Bruce is well enough to protect us. Come with me, let us rest with the automatons in hope of waving off nightmares.”
“Sam visited last night! Pack meeting.” He yelled. Steve whisked him away right around the time he noticed it was Bucky opening the door. Tony walked down the stairs at a brisk pace forced by Steve’s persistent hand.
Bruce startled when Tony entered the carriage. Tony sat down ignoring his discomfort and pressed the release button on Dummy's claw and set him down on the floor.
“I think second base is a good goal.” She said dragging him along. “We need to override the memories.”
Bucky put down the pencil. “I would like to hold my pups now.”
"Yes, Mr. Stark."
Steve pointed to Sam, “You’re watching Hammer.”
Tony felt his eyes roll back into his head and glared at Bucky. “That’s yours.”
It pains me to say I must go. I have already delayed enough in waiting through your heat with you and I fear if I'm gone much longer Natasha and Sam will be beyond me. Thus, I write this note while you’re still warm and sex happy and sleeping. I" there was an ink blotch here that bled rather large while Bucky had gathered his thoughts "I love you. As soon as we are back from this journey to find a brother in arms, I will find you. I'd like for you to stay in the nearest town, but I doubt you will stay still for so long. Do not fear, we will find you and with any luck you will allow me to honor to" another much larger ink splotch "mate you. We will meet again soon.
Steve smiled and finished getting dressed. Tony followed shortly after because he was pulling formal boots with laces all the way up his calf. Steve opened the door for Tony who shoved him out first and closed the door behind them. The sounds of high pitched moaning filled their ears. Tony picked up a shoe near the base of the stairs and threw it at Clint’s door at the end of the hallway. There was a yelp and feet thudding towards the door.
Steve scrubbed his face. "I will do my best, Thor."
Two hours later when he finally finished sweeping the entire house, washed the dishes, and folded the laundry from the day before, Bucky was not smiling. He was out right frowning. Clint had spent the time sitting and threw small balls of paper into waste bins. He was now reclined on a couch in the parlor eyes half lidded and the fringes of sleep upon him.
“Yes,” Bruce said thinking of detention. “No!” he corrected. “Um…I need help.”
“He lost a mate, when I left.” Tony answered. “It’s more personal than a technician.”
“’ello.” Clint said with an exaggerated wave.
“What about cleaning wounds and such.”
“Don't pester them, Nat, Bruce isn't pregnant and Tony doesn't want kids.” He said just as one of his began screaming.
The room was silent unsure how to react. Thor figured it out first. “My condolences.”
Too cold. Let me out. Bruce shushed the other side. He needed to be clean. The river was starting to rise the water letting out a slowly growing roar. Bruce squatted near the edge and began drenching himself. The blood sloughed off like a second skin but he had to scrub everything. He didn’t even realize he was nearly waist deep in the water until Thor grabbed onto him.
Blood, her screams, they touched when I said no, her screams, stop screaming, a man’s heart, who’s heart, his heart, a leg, her screams, stop screaming! Her head clasped in his hands all that’s left except blood and dirt. Do not tread where you are not wanted, little omega. The Father.
“We shall take this next week easy in mourning.” Steve said. “We shall leave the window until spring and continue on as usual.”
Steve shifted standing on two legs for the first time in too long. “Colonel Wilson!” He called excited. Sam smiled and pulled him into a rough hug. A three legged white wolf with a black wolf on his heels pulled through the trees.
Tony opened the door as though expecting him. He seated him on a bench and stuffed hot tea into his hands.
“He forgot to steal suppressants after Shield collapsed. He said he’d had birth control but the longer I’m away the more I worry.”
"Not at all, Mr. Stark. I was just scratching an itch."
"How would you like to spend the morn?" Tony asked when the silence became to deafening and the images flickered at the edges of his mind.
“Jarvis,” he sobbed.
“That’s nasty dude,” Clint said.
When they had come back inside, Bruce had finally come back and was fetal on his pile of pillows. The sun had started to descend by then and the room grew dark and haunting.
"Before."
"Thank you, Mr. Stark." Natasha said carefully. Sam, Clint and her exchanged looks before turning upon him in a slightly uncomfortable manner.
They didn't say anything. Clint's expression was sad.
“No.”
Thor pulled back and smiled down at him showing off his crow’s feet. “I will.”
“I have questions.”
“That it could.”
”They are my choice!” Tony roared back jumping to his feet. “They are mine. You cannot blame their existence on anyone but me and you will have to kill me first before taking another away from me.”
“Can you make it back home?”
“I’m not the one who got my ass kicked, Buckers, that was you! Of course, I checked the gate.”
Tony collapsed asleep shortly after he tested all he could think of on Thor's hammer. Steve threw a blanket over him and cursed the darkness sending him inside. He wanted to draw every eyelash against his cheek every brush of stubble and most importantly the calm placid expression gracing Tony's face.
“Our goddamn security team left the property, a student was shot, a TA arrested for attempted man slaughter and so much blood, not even
Bruce blinked. He had to leave. He had to…
Steve stayed very still catching Tony’s eyes. Blue met brown and Tony couldn’t hold his flippant disregard anymore. “I thought you wanted to be president.”
“We need to leave.” Cross snapped.
"I could help."
"Please leave," Tony demanded. The alpha nodded and joined his pack looking stricken.
“Anthony, my dear lovely friend, the house comes before me.” Jarvis said then his eyes went out.
"I'll prove my worth, stubborn devil."
“Why?” Sam asked. “From my perspective you’ve kept things under control.”
Tony was too caught up in his thoughts to hear them come upon them. Jarvis let out a gasp and Tony was on all fours and growling the fur barely set in place before the thought to shift reached his mind. Four men crowded in. Tony's eyes adjusting to their figures in the dark. One held Jarvis a knife to his neck. They probably couldn't see the metal in the dim light. Tony and Bruce were forced against the carriage.
Bucky smiled. “That’s an easy task. I’m sure we could get it when Natasha and Sam return.”
“I’m sorry.” Natasha said. “It didn’t occur to me when he sent me off to gain information on you.”
The bed creaked, and the fingers shifted enough for a third to join then Thor was leaning over him his hips pushed high over Thor's thighs.
Thor felt the tension in the room shift rapidly.
“Who said that this was a good idea?” another person said bitchily.
Steve crouched down in front of him and tried to catch his eye. “Take a nap. You look exhausted. I’ll get Lord Stane’s pack settled in.”
The three came closer and Steve let out a growl of warning. They slowed and the bird shifted from a drop rolling into a very familiar looking man.
That stirred them into action Clint and Bruce getting dressed and Sam and Natasha readying the winter wear for the cold night ahead of them.
“So, he knows,” Tony said standing up. “I would like to learn if you know how?”
Bucky didn’t answer. “We’re going to be staying here.” Bucky said.
Tony placed a hand over Clint’s. “I’m sorry. Did they leave you?”
Clint lifted his and followed suit. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and ordered two more. “Lets.”
Steve’s hands roamed up to his face forcing Tony to look at him. “No. Not yet. They’re bargaining devices, Tony.”
“Okay.”
“That! That is why we are staying. We are staying for Thor’s thunderous laughter. Bucky’s habit of trying to catch things with an arm that isn’t there, Steve’s look of concern when Clint eats and Clint, Clint, his dumb jokes and disastrous personality. We are staying for that feeling.”
“See,” Natasha said, “you’ve got friends. Real friends.”
“Yes!” Bruce moaned grinding himself down and feeling his cock rub against Thor’s stomach. Oh gods. Mate? A primal and guttural voice asked from the clouded depths of Bruce’s mind. He didn’t answer crossing his arms over Thor’s back as if to drag him closer. The voice did not like this. He is good mate. It stated like a child in tantrum. Keep him. Bear children.
Bucky threw Thor’s pillow at him and T’Challa chuckled. “You have gotten yourselves into quite a bit of trouble haven’t you?”
“If it’s about money we can’t stop Fight Club,” Natasha said. “It’s the easiest way to find them and stop them before anyone gets actually hurt. We just need some allies.”
“What are you doing?”
, Bruce status check?”
"Ah." It was common practice that all high-ranking military officers sit with each other rather than with their units unless shifted and in combat. "I can do that easily."
The pack slowly gathered in the wreckage of the living room. Clint and Bucky were first, Bucky unable to stop Clint as he ran down the stairs shifted then curled into a small ball on the couch whimpering. Waiting. Bucky sat next to him clothed and shaken. Natasha and Sam came next. Sam holding Natasha who's face was hard as granite and held her chin pensively. Thor and the monster were last. Thor was wearing clothes and gingerly holding the monsters hand while it stomped down stairs.
Bruce held up his hands. “We’re going in circles what’s the plan to go forward?”
The alpha smiled showing off his brown teeth. “You drive a hard bargain, Mister—”
“This,” Tony said laying his hands on the swell, “is definitely yours.”
“Bucky used to watch this with me.” Clint wailed around a spoon in his mouth.
Steve took this chance to choke on his food. “I beg your pardon?” he gasped.
“It is alright, grieving devil, but we must bury him before the ground is truly frozen over in snow.”
Clint kissed him again and the moment devolved into another messy guttural round of sex.
“I can tell you right now that Thor wants to see you. He’s not mad.”
“From what I hear that may be impossible.” Clint grumbled.
Tony looked up at her. “Yeah?”
“Of course but the house must be fixed first.”
“Rule number one we don’t talk about fight club,” Tony quoted automatically. Their little cage fights didn’t have such rules, they needed to make a profit after all.
Thor hummed. "Fair Banner has this belief that you will not win over Lord Starks affections And because of that we will leave."
The pack looked at him. He felt the heavy weight of expectation crescendo in their gazes. He had never been on this end of it. Tony was. He stood behind and let him speak for the two of them. He swallowed missing that barrier and wishing Tony could be there as a support beam.
Steve swallowed. “One you don’t deserve.”
Steve blushed. "He is unaware of Hela and your nephews then?"
Natasha nodded and continued petting him. “We know.”
“Tony’s been stealing the money?” Sam said.
Tony stood taller and turned to Bruce with an unwavering smile.
“A piece I wish to cut out.”
Steve and Tony stood up. “During the auction we’re going to have a masquerade.” Tony said.
Steve's fingers itched he needed to draw in such a visceral way. It was almost melancholic given how long it had been, before the war with great surety. He scrambled almost for a small piece of charcoal, a flat plane of wood and paper.
“SAD. I SAD.”
Steve smirked. "I think that would have been fair enough."
“I died leaving you.” Bucky said. “I wasn’t even supposed to stay with you for so long. Natasha said we had to be in the country before winter was over, so we’d have cover but…” Bucky sat down sliding down a tree. “You were so adamant about staying. We- I thought you didn’t want to see war. Then I believed you’d be better off with out it. I got me arm ripped off the last time I went, for fucks sake.” Bucky set Clint down his hand relaxing to just rub against Clint’s neck. “I wasn’t able to breathe for six months. Imagine my surprise that when wandering the country side looking for you, you save my life, by the gods I was able taste the air again. No. I didn’t want to leave you. I needed you by my side. While it’s for the best by pure happy luck I…”
“The weather was nice and there was a delicious smell of angry alpha,” Tony said his smile malicious. “I do love the smell of an angry man.”
“Why are they out of their rooms?” Rumlow asked.
Clint batted Tony’s finger away. “Fine I’ll look into it.”
Tony crinkled his paper when the laughter overtook him. Bruce opened his mouth to explain but his shoulders were shaking and face pink with trying to hold it in before he let it roll out of him in soft thuds. Tony looked around at his pack shaking in laughter and Jarvis’ own little head bouncing to the movement and felt warm and content, the pack bond singing happily.
“Tony?”
“Could be better, but there’s an angel looking down upon my shame.”
“Disgusting,” she said still miming vomiting.
A figure stood over him blocking out the gray sky and covering him in shade and warmth. A fat droplet fell from a strand of hair that had fallen out of his bun. Bruce smiled at him.
Tony awoke with a jolt of pain.
Steve rolled his eyes. Tony spent the time staring at Thor pondering the possibilities.
"You were fine with Natasha."
With that spoken word Tonys gaze seemed to fill the entire room. Overturned furniture, the broken window letting in snow, books and papers scattered across the floor.
"Yes, three legged wolf." Clint said sliding off his lap. "While I do enjoy your company, I do not think it will last." Clint stood readjusting his weight and running a soothing his hand over his stomach.
"When was the last time you had intercourse then?" Bruce amended.
“Not mad enough to stay abstinent,” Clint said trying to go for another kiss but stopped by the counter and his stomach. “Balls.”
“Bad. Man. Dead. Babies. Safe. Leader. Safe.” He said then warped back into Bruce. Tony laughed a little hysterically. Oh dear Lady. Bruce on the other hand fainted falling backwards onto the ground. Tony coughed up another less maniacal laugh and rummaged through Stane’s things to find a hammer. Once found he pried his automatons from the ground and held them close to his body despite the sharp metal edgings biting into his skin. He didn’t move finally feeling together again.
“Is that so?” the other man said standing up looking smug.
Natasha looked at him and then took his hand. “Tony’s all the way in Berkley today for one of his college courses.”
“I think we need something for dinner.” Steve said. “Go on a hunt. Be back with everyone in an hour.”
Bucky shrugged. "They left at dawn to make it to the town by night fall."
“I hadn't.” Tony said cutting Bruce off. Bruce sat his thoughts overloading and turned his gaze to the dissembled automaton. It was the size of a two year old and the outside gleamed bright and ready. Bruce knew that the inside was covered in dried blood and runes. His eyes drifted over to Tony and saw the pink scars across his wrists.
Bucky shrugged leaning back on his hand so Clint could lay against him. Clint’s lips twisted unhappy with the turn in events but didn’t protest. Bruce turned green.
The air grew sharper and the days longer. Snow was on the precipice of showing itself given how close it was to freezing the very air in their lungs when they were outside for more than a moment. Clint's due date was soon. They think. He was large and round and twins were rarely ever on time always early. Tony woke up snuggled into the warmth of Steve. He'd been sleeping in bed and hadn't been out to the warehouse very often because it felt as thought the pack needed his proximity. He looked out side and saw the first etching of frost begin to drift. Snow was upon them.
“You murdered the alpha on your marriage certificate and the one who’s teeth are permanently in your neck is coming to claim something we can’t fight because he has legal rights.” Bucky answered. “I understand perfectly.”
“They are my failures!”
They weren’t here. Once his hand was covered in blood proper in etched their figures on the closest object. The rough tree bark cut into his fingers.
“And?”
Mr. Stark laughed outright this time. "Good luck with that but I'll agree. You’ll win the game of chase when I am with child, foolish angel.”
Bruce honestly felt like every bone in his body hurt but he also was curious at what the sophomore was getting at.
"No. There's no stopping it when it comes."
All eyes shifted. Steve took a few steps in front of Tony blocking their stares.
Clint sat down on Dummy’s sock rock. Dummy waved a sock at him. He rubbed his forehead. “Shit.”
Jarvis’s head jerked up and down in acknowledgement. Clint smiled but a worry line stayed between his brows. Tony must remember that he was much more perceptive than he appears.
“Parents want a body.”
Tony tilted his head into Steves shoulder. “I miss him and I just wanted you to know…”
“Do you want to find Tony?”
“I hate watching the alphas leave.” Tony said. “I do not want to become a swooning omega.”
Steve stared at the ghost of their trail for a long time. "This place gets stranger and stranger, I swear on The Father."
“Just wait until you hear my back crack during a stretch it’ll be a shock to your system, that’s for certain.”
“You seem uncomfortable, but I should tell you it is no shame to be beaten down. I have had my fair share of fights.”
"That might be near impossible, but I'll do it for the...pack."
Steve stood up after the meal. “Tony, Thor, and I will take off in search of Sam and Natasha. The three of you will stay here and salvage what’s left of the house and start repairs.”
Tony bit his lip. “I want so much more for you guys.”
Tony tucked his head over Bruce’s shoulder comfortingly. He stayed there for a long time watching the light brighten against the wall.
“Thank you, Rogers,” Tony called over his shoulder heading out into the fading sunlight. Steve caught up to him and Tony was mildly annoyed that he was able to match their paces together. It shouldn’t have been so endearing.
"I have." Steve sighed. "Heavens, the Father has taken over and we are in the temple of the Lady whatever shall I do."
Bruce nodded and hoped that Thor didn’t know how right he was.
“I can’t fix it all by myself.” Tony gasped.
Clint and Bucky, fucked, argued, fucked some more and on one occasion actually chose baby names. Tony was surprised when they brought it up at dinner ten days into the other packs stay. He had put money on them calling the twins “Left and Right” until they were walking talking adults.
"Also call us a pack. You never try to bond and if you weren't a decent man we probably would have gone feral trying to obtain affection from you."
Bruce placed a hand to his abdomen and closed his eyes the green hue rising to a brighter shade. “I don’t like this plan.”
“It’s not heat,” he said.
“They were my children!” Tony snapped. “You don’t understand.”
“It must be among us.” Tony said then laughed at his own joke.
Bucky fell on the bed next to Thor. “Why did we decide to involve ourselves in this? I mean, I’m mostly waiting for my acceptance letter from Berkley and trying to make sure I don’t fail McCargo’s shitty final exam.”
Bruce and Tony exchanged a look over his head. "Let's take a break regardless." Tony said. "Please, let me examine you for my own conscious, if that's alright." Bruce said.
“I wouldn’t bet against your other half with a gun to my head, Brucey.” Tony said helping Bruce up with a hand.
“You’ve been profiting off of us.” She snarled.
The blood caked around his neck and mouth was the worst of the itchy offenders. He needed to wash himself no matter what. Bruce wiggled out of Thor’s hold and walked out of the stable with Thor trotting behind him with a small whine. Bruce walked in the direction of the river, shivering in the cold rain.
“Then,” Thor said walking his fingers through the flour. “I would like to stay here.”
“I’ve known that for a long while Bruce of Banner.”
Bruce blushed. "I have no intentions. I just feel as though I am burdening you."
"I haven't seen it."
Ten minutes later had them all in the sitting room Tony and Steve standing with the rest sitting on the furniture.
“Will you come home, please?” Steve asked.
The two alphas relaxed but Steve eyes held onto him that worrisome line held in his brow. It was there that morning during their small discussion. He was willing to let it go for now. Tony leaned all the way over the table to grab some more of the wine. That line between the alpha’s brow was going to be the end of him.
Bruce took a sip and Tony had something in his hands that he was tinkering with. It looked suspiciously like a skull.
Tony just walked away with a dramatic sway to his hips that Clint couldn’t help but watch as the man walked up the stairs his mark still raw and red. Clint could feel two gray eyes burning holes in the side of his head.
“What?” Bruce said his legs giving out. Thor walked over to kneel by him.
Bucky shrugged. “I’ll leave it. I’m curious to what your game plan is.” He straightened off the wall. “Now then, I’m off to watch my love watch Thor shoot lightning from his fingertips.”
“The monster came out?” Clint asked shoving Bucky away excited. “I can’t believe I missed it.”
“Enjoy the sight,” Tony said spinning. “it may be the last time you ever see it.”
Bucky pushed a hand through his long hair wishing for something to tie it up. “He found her and recruited her for Shield before she got drafted for the war.”
“Guess me and you are chopped liver, eh?” Bruce said to Thor dry as unbuttered toast breaking the silence.
"I could use paints or oils to show off Jarvis' eyes and blue bow tie." Steve said.
Tony let the warm callused hand take his own and allowed himself to be dragged back into the house filled with laughter.
Tony took out a flask and held it out. "To our soon to be new member, may they learn from their elders not to be disasters like us." Bruce picked up a cup of tea from the counter behind him and Clint his own cup. They toasted.
Thor pointed to Bruce. “Us. Mate. Now.”
“There have been a lot of rumors about a fight club here.”
“Open a tavern we shall,” he said blowing out the candle.
Steve's head tilts, his chest rising in breath. His cheeks pinking in color. "Our pack spent the morning virtuously, it would seem," he deadpanned. "No missed opportunities, I can see."
Clint was sweaty naked and very pleased with himself. The grassy knoll was soft Bucky had his one arm covered over his eyes like he'd just seen the Father himself. Clint would have to worry about their clothes and the come covering his body at a later time. At the moment he was content laying in the grass staring at Bucky and trying to quiet the children in his belly.
Bucky nosed at the man’s neck. “You did.”
“Yes. Just looking through some papers.”
The alpha leaned back and opened the door. “Very well.”
“The pipes still run as you made them,” Clint said pulling away. “Most of the damage is just superficial.”
Ha! Bruce pressed a hand against his forehead. He was not and could not be pregnant. He didn’t have heats and no longer bled. The science didn’t lie.
Steve rolled his eyes. “We’ve already figured that.”
“Gotcha. Thanks, Natahsa.”
The monster roared at him from Bruce’s body. Tony fought the urge to shrink back. He instead gripped Bruce’s hair pulling him roughly into submission. The roars stopped.
"Two people are not a pack." Clint said once she left.
Thor left the bed. “I will leave now given your distress.” He said getting dressed. “Trust me to return with questions and in hope of answers.”
"Mine, frankly."
Blonsky was a large piece of meat covered in muscle who probably took steroids. There were only two students in the room that were even close to his size and one of them was watching Stane another pile of beef covered in muscles. Steve nodded.
“I’ve missed you, dear angel.”
Steve swept away a pile of scrap metal, papers, and candle wicks. “Here.”
"It's got a few hours yet," Thor said there was a creaking and Bruce opened an eye to see Thor lean back on his elbows. Thor met his eye and gave him a warm grin.
“Haven’t had a dinner like this in nearly a week, have we?” he said aloud. Clint shrugged stuffing more venison into his gob. Thor nodded.
Bruce could feel Thor’s smile against his cool neck. “It was glorious.”
“There’s nothing we can do.” Tony cut him off. “We let him come and you keep the pack and this place safe. I have all the plans for the houses made and set up so you could make them and grow the tavern. You could change the name too, but Clint might fight—”
“Bruce.” Thor’s voice was soft and his arms gently wrapped around him pulling him close. “It’s okay. Let’s go back.”
"I didn't notice. I'm-" Clint started.
Tony’s words rang in his head. They were my children. Steve’s legs went first walking out the back door and straight across the vast grassy yard to the workshop. Jarvis was sitting in front playing fetch with Dummy.
There was a sharp tug right behind his sternum. Then it grew. There it was pulling his heart. God what was that noise. It wasn’t helping the pain. It was scaring him. Where were they? Why did it hurt? It never hurt. They couldn’t come. Where? Why? The noise continued and the pain grew. His fingers digging into the wood. They were going further away. Stane. Arms pulled him away from the tree and he was in his own body. The magic no longer stretching him thin. The pain snapping back into the dull throb from the bite and the small cuts covering his fingers. The noise was his screams. He couldn’t stop. They weren’t there. He took them. Tony struggled against the arms holding him. He needed to go to them. They were being dragged away.
Tony nodded sympathetic. They were alone in a boarding house for a reason.
Hammer shot by him and Clint screamed. Steve didn’t move. The sirens got closer.
Rogers blushed his eyes looking to the corner of the room. Tony loved this about him. His good American boy looks and belief. He just wished he wasn’t so straight and narrow. Ruining his profiteering is a real bummer.
“Tired devil.”
Natasha sat in the common room after dinner reading one of her favorite books,
"He's not dead," Bruce said checking his pulse and pupils.
T’Challa leaned in. “His little gang has at leas three million dollars in profit.”
Bucky took a step back. “He wasn’t happy.”
Bucky looked up and stuffed his hand into his pocket and swaggered up to the counter. “Stark? Really?”
Tony hummed done with the conversation. Loud awkward footsteps brought both their attention to the doorway.
"Mate me." Clint demanded, rolling his hips more consistently.
“I have found us a third pack member. Meet Mr. Clinton Francis Barton.”
"The vein above your right brow that pops when you’re absolutely furious."
"My apologies." He said rubbing his face.
Bucky rolled them, and Clint experienced a bit of vertigo. "Now?" Bucky asked. "When our leaders are having a power struggle--"
“Now,” Bruce said pulling back. “You need to sign our guests in. I can’t very well do it.”
Natasha stared at him. Tony looked away. “Obadiah put eight hundred on himself.”
"I had a feeling you'd been in my workshop, but I could have never guessed that you drew so beautifully." He said looking at the paper a vulnerable sort of fondness crossing his face at the image.
“You were glorious. Wrenched through half the enemy like a hot blade through butter!”
“I thought two omegas don't make a pack?”
Something smacked across his face. “Shut the fuck up,” Stane snapped.
Bucky looked up eyes wide. “Is it done?”
“Don’t you have like prefect duties to do?” Tony asked trying to speed up and failing because his boot was heavy and made his steps uneven.
“Tony.” Natasha. “Come on. The prefects…”
Thor didn’t look totally convinced but dropped the subject. Bruce shouldered on his tortoise shell of a backpack that when weighed was at least fifty pounds. “Come on let’s get some lunch I’m starved.”
“I know.” Tony said eyes still closed
"Among other things," Tony said taking off his clothes. "I must tell you, once we find a home we may have to sleep outside while I set up the plumbing for a proper wash."
Bucky put his hands on Clint’s knees. “They know about the fights because we’ve been getting anonymous spam texts at various times in the night.”
"Uh..."
“No. I just don’t want to see you hurt.” Thor said grimly. Bruce held out a hand.
“We’ll tell the pack in the morning of course.”
Bucky laughed. "This has you written all over it. I should have known."
"Doctor Banner turned into a monster." He said matter-of-factly. Tony laughed and opened up his arms. Jarvis slowly slid into them. Tony held his heavy metallic body like his life depended on it.
"We'll get a long splendidly. I am fond of old anatomy and physiology."
Bucky was the first person he comes across. The man looked at Tony and then walked backwards out of the room. Tony’s hands were shaking and he continued to work on the watch. So far, so good…
Steve held out a tentative hand wanting to touch but unsure. Tony answered for him taking it and entwining their fingers. “We need to bring Bruce.”
Clint ran a hand down his chest fingers skimming over the scars of his missing arm. "Mate me."
Shopkeepers would not allow him to buy. He could grab a slice or bread or two but his status and his haggard appearance spoke only of disgrace. They turned him away to the point he had to bribe a mother walking home just to cut his hair. She did more than that and even allowed him a bath. Tony left Jarvis and Dummy in the carriage hidden between one building and the next. He did not stay long. Leaving just after his bath. The woman caught his arm.
"Doc you’re getting pretty handsy there," Clint said.
Tony turned around suddenly interested, he started walking backwards. “Democratic socialist?”
“It took you long enough, Lord Hammer.”
His eyes fluttered shut and he felt a surging wave of drowsiness cover him.
“I hope you’re doing okay.”
Tommy pulled back his fist but a strong hand came up to stop him from punching Tony’s pretty face.
"He died in a lab accident and because I had no blood relation the pack kicked me out." Tony answered before Jarvis could cover his tracks again.
At the moment Thor thrust like he was trying to destroy Bruce’s psyche from his cunt and he was doing a very good job of it. In between smelling the spices of his eastward curry downstairs and the snap realizations that those moans were him, Bruce was brain dead in absolute bliss.
He blinked away the tears and stood straighter running a hand over the seam of his vest. None of that. He's part of a militia and wants partial ownership over Tony's pack so that Lt. Barnes and Clint can be together. That was their own ordeal. His was the silly little promise a foolish angel made when they had learned they'd lost.
"I do not think that will fit." Bruce said stuffing his hands in his armpits trying to cover himself.
Bucky pinched the bridge of his nose. “That's like the exact opposite of our jobs.”
“Clint, Clint baby. Open your eyes.” Bucky was begging. Steve was looking around in circles and he caught sight of Tony and met him in the middle catching him in a tight embrace. “Where’s Bruce and Thor? We saw the monster come out. We need Bruce.”
The omegas outburst brought Steve's eyes to him and the world stopped. He was hunched over a pile of brittle metal meticulously chipping away at the inside, smudges of charcoal and ash over his face and small burns littering arms. His hair was plastered to his face in sweat and he'd taken off his shirt in favor of just a pair of low hanging trousers.
"Gods," he sighed. Bucky's teeth scrapped Clint's neck. "Please." Clint begged. "Please."
Steve flushed. Tony walked his fingers across Steve's chest.
"Absolutely charming. This must have been why we keep you." Tony said stepping back. He was sure Clint aimed for him the third time.
Sirens broke the silence.
“They burned down the workshop and while Steve was trying to get us out Stane must have taken you outside so they could burn down the house,” Bucky snarled. He was clutching Clint’s body to his chest as if that would make it all better.
"Are you sure the letter wasn't there?" Bucky said.
Steve walked back into the dining room only to find Tony gone and Clint and Bucky staring into pure oblivion. The fresh mating bite clearly visible above Clint's tunic warmed Steve. Bucky had been talking of nothing but since they met back up all those months ago.
Bruce blinked. The monster shifted from under his skin seeming to rip the small man open to make itself known. “Tired.”
“That’s one of my favorites,” a smooth masculine voice said gently. Natasha looked up. She had put on makeup today. She didn’t want to regret it. She knows Tommy probably got something from Tony and then some. She wanted it to be only Tommy.
“Where’s yer alpha?”
Tony swallowed and his eyes shifted guiltily across the table. “I only work on her at night.”
“I believe you’d like it there,” Thor opened waiting for Bruce to respond.
“What’s next?” Thor asked.
The rooms air hung so damp and heavy it felt nearly impossible to breathe. Natasha and Sam walked down the stairs to join them and Thor found his way to Bruces side.
“You should have stayed with Bucky and Clint.” Tony said pushing a gentle hand through his hair.
“Then there were the nationalist who had infiltrated the group long before we got there.” Natasha added. “Shield disintegrated into three powerhouses who opened up a protection agency.”
"Yes." Clint answered. He leaned over and rested his elbows on the counter and cupped his chin with one hand. "Rather exciting overall. I'm the hunter and I still got chops even impeded by this." Clint said with a small gesture to his body. "Everyone here is smarter than me by a mile and that gets lonely, but Dummy and Jarvis are usually willing to keep me company. I am doing well. I may not be happy, but contentment yields strong."
"I never said I was a scientist or that I'd join your pack."
“Yes.”
"Be safe Jarvis," Bucky told the small automaton as he ambled away.
“Leave me be.”
“You can come out, but you need to be able to speak,” Tony said steadily despite the shake in his legs and the rattle of his breaths.
Tony called Jarvis over in lieu of answering. Clint's interest dropped, and he stared narrowed eyed at Tony. The barmaid dropped off their beer.
"Calm, little omega."
“Or he is.” Steve said. “He clearly knew not to trust you and Sam sending you away days before he showed up.”
"It's not that fella is it?"
Bruce squinted up at the sunblocking god like figure in front of him. Thor. The transfer student and prefect.
“You gave me home and family.” Clint said.
Bruce cleaned his hands. “I’m going to go make dinner.” He walked out the back door. Bucky and Steve made eye contact.
Thor hummed delightfully. Bruce reached up to clutch at the pillow under his head. "Omegas and women for that matter get wet at different levels and..." Bruce lost his concentration. A large calloused finger entered him, and Thor had moved to mouthing his cock. He pulled off cool air hitting it.
“Too honorable, dear angel?”
“Clint’s stupid. I love him, but he’s stupid. Right as we were leaving his suppressants wore off and…”
T’Challa laughed when they asked. “You Americans so ignorant.”
Bucky tilted his head until it hit the pillar. "Good. I'm glad you pointed it out or I would have bitten you a month from now out of pure frustration."
“Well…yeah.” Tony said. “We’ve been running a fighting ring specifically with similar rules to Fight Club in the hopes of testosterone high thugs would follow them and it’s worked for two years until last week.”
“Is it? You walked in here with the goal of combining our packs, but did you ever once consider that you may have to relinquish your status?” The captain didn’t answer just glowered. “No? It would be I who would submit under the mighty alpha? No compromise?” Captain Rodgers’ eyes shifted over and Tony knew the wall would burn the same color as his cheeks did if it could. Tony shifted forward until his forearms were on the desk his hands clasped together. He was going in for the final blow just like when he would sell guns. “My guess is that compromise would mean giving me a meager amount of power over your ‘unit’ and that would in turn destroy something inside of you.” Tony looked down at his hands and the scars weaved over them from metal and fire. “With that in mind, I think it will be best to hold off on this discussion until you’ve reworked the angle you want to come from.”
“Fine. I’ll climb up there.”
"If you have a baby in you it's going to come out sometime and the closer we are to predicting when the better," Tony growled.
“Tony,” Steve said cutting him off. “Stane came here, marked you, burned your home and took the two things you care about more than anybody here. He’s using them. Killing them, ruins his hand. He’s not leaving you.”
“Tony, you stupid arrogant rich motherfucker,” Natasha said wrapping an arm around Tony. “We will still talk to you even if you’re not our boss.”
“Hey,” Clint said reaching out a hand.
Bruce moved him away, so Tony could set down the wall. "Of course, the bastard would die before actually finishing anything." Tony grunted. The wall rested with a thump against the ground and Tony could turn his full attention on Clint who was blinking himself awake.
“A monster?” Bucky said again.
"I have enough guns and anger to handle it. So, do not worry yourself Dr. Banner." Tony said taking it back to set up in front of the door.
Tony would have done anything he’d asked in that moment. He reached out a hand touching Steve’s cheek. A star. Tony leaned in close and kissed him.
"You could also try to stop dropping our ranks. It's driving us mad. Most of us are from Shield Militia and haven't been part of the military proper in over a decade."
“The twins were so small when they came.” Tony sighed. Bruce watched him not feeling the urge to speak. “They still haven't chosen names, but that doesn't matter you can see the love in every look and movement from them. Even exhausted as they are.”
“Ah,” Steve started. “It seems that our packs are intertwined.”
“I did see the other guy. He’s currently in the infirmary.” Bucky said his lips brushing against Clint’s ear so he could feel every word.
Clint saluted. “Hot as ever still quiet and kissing me.”
“He ordered you to—”
“’Bucky check?’” Tony repeated scandalized.
“Hurt Mate.”
"Oh, yes it shall but whether the scratcher will be here or not is of another question entirely." Clint said stuffing eggs into his maw and talking over them. "I'll be here that's for certain."
Clint leaned back, Bucky's hand moving from his neck to the base of his back to balance him.
“That’s because I’m always hungry,” Bruce answered truthfully.
Clint didn't respond for some time. "Forgiveness does not come from me easily."
Steve reached out slowly making sure Tony can see and move if needed and pulled the man’s hands towards himself. His nails were ragged and his palms rough and covered in small minuscule scars. Steve covered them and finally set his eyes on the mark. Tony had clawed at it until it bled. Steve swallowed. His mate was of monstrous nature, Steve was certain. Steve cupped a handful of cold creek water and began washing away the blood. Tony flinched but allowed Steve’s ministrations.
“On it.” Sam said then hung up.
Bruce walked out handing the two marshal’s their drinks and walked quickly out. Tony followed him slowly.
“Fine! Forever! If you want to talk to a prefect who’s actually participated, I’d talk to T’Challa.” Bucky snarled.
Steve smiled. “It is something I am willing to take.”
Sam caught her hand. “I’m sure he has a good reason.”
“No. I'm a heavily decorated officer and Thor is…”
Tony widened his eyes and looked around. He ended up catching Steve’s bland and unimpressed eye. He knew. Steve also didn’t like bullies and was very LGBTQIA friendly despite his high standing amongst all their peers. Probably because he seemed straight as a board. Tony knew better. Steve returned his attention to the book and the teacher tapped Tommy’s table forcing him to turn around. Tony flicked four more rubber bands at the back of his neck before class was over. As soon as he was in the hallway Tommy made his displeasure known. He grabbed Tony by the shoulder and slammed him into a locker.
There was a beat. “It is not that that worries us, Mr. Stark has asked us to do this and we feel as though we owe it to him to follow through.”
“I’m sorry, Anthony of Stark, but my heart belongs with another.”
“You want to leave now?” Steve asked.
He shook off their concern. “It's fine they aren't do yet.”
“It would be nice if you could mention Anthony Stark in your statement,” said the tall one. “He’s been missing and it was no secret Stane was lookin’ to marry him after the tragic death of Hammer.”
Bruce jumped off the mats and slammed into the ground palms flat with a scream. Steve stepped back and so did Sam and Thor.
The days passed in color, the leaves fell painting the ground gold and burgundy, Steve watched over Tony’s machines his hands moving quickly across paper to get their movements. Tony either watched him or would bring out his own paper to write things on. Then move on to building a clock, then building a crib, then another crib, and a rocking bassinet, or two. They would spend time in each other’s company mostly in silence until Tony got bored of that and would talk. Steve would sigh and put down his drawing until their little word game bored him or he found something else to fiddle with in his time. Steve’s eyes would wander to Tony’s movements when humming to himself and the way he held himself when he was asked a question by the pack and how he always could find a way to fix every problem that surprised the rest of them. Tony chest would tighten at how kind Steve was to his automatons. Most thought of them as curiosities but Steve talked to them as people. He was ruthlessly nice to everyone. Most of all though Tony felt Steve’s eyes on him and preened. Such a pretty alpha noticing how smart he is. Such a foolish angel. He’d occasionally touch his mating mark from all those years ago his fingers clenching at the skin as if that would remove his curse. A foolish kind angel.
“We won’t be here that long.”
Steve stared. He'd fought similar things back in the hardened landscape of Latveria. None, had spoken.
“What’s up?” he asked sitting on his own bed and beginning to undress.
Tony shifted ignoring him and standing up.
“I was under the impression that you weren’t interested in anything longer.” Bucky snarled back.
“Are you covered in blood?” Clint asked. Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose.
Sam squeezed her hand. “Yeah?”
"It was," Tony said with a shrug. "I just wanted to make you feel better."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s see if I can top four,” Stane said. “Because I always get what I want.”
“He’s trying to make water pipes run to each room and heat themselves, so we don’t have to fetch it ourselves.” Bruce answered having heard one of Tony’s complaints.
“Samuel without Natasha means a warning.”
Tony had not been in the house proper since he got the vial of blood a slightly manic expression captured on his face. Bruce missed their quiet conversations on new breakthroughs in science. Bruce had recently found a research article about the effect of liquor on the liver. He'd tried to explain it to Thor, but the man listened with no input as though entranced. They also nearly fornicated on the kitchen table when Thor's kiss cut him off mid-sentence. The good captain walked in shortly after opened a cupboard and then walked away without taking anything. It ruined the mood to say the least.
“I prefer the thunderstorms of my home,” Thor said. Bruce opened an eye to look at him. This was the first time Thor had even spoken of being home sick.
Clint laughed at him pulling and arrow and notching it. “Not good enough.”
“I’m going to take my leave. Enjoy the night my friends.”
"You do?"
Clint winced as his back and belly pinched but held up a hand for help. “As long as it’s not far.”
Steve choked out a laugh turning to a tomato. "I seem to have not made myself clear, Tony Stark."
“Mister Lee. I accept your deal. My names Mr. Wrotty just so yous know.” The alpha leaned in for a kiss and Tony ducked away and wrinkled his nose.
“You should see the other guy,” Clint whispered against his hand.
“I’ve got a lot of friends.”
Clint straightened, and Bucky rested his chin on the mans shoulder jaw open and eyes wide. The arrow’s second half swung loosely towards the ground.
“I’m naked in front of a prince!” Clint yelled abruptly standing up and then darting off. Bucky leaned back and threw his fork down. “I don’t see why this is a problem. You did it all the time before,” he grumbled also excusing himself from the table. He paused just long enough to smack Steve outside the head.
Clint hissed struggling. “No. You had your words I get mine.” Bucky snapped his grip tightening. “Do you not think…” Bucky paused. Clint stopped moving. He could wait.
"It is the man that makes the clothing not the clothing that makes the man," Tony replied flippantly.
“Starting, right the fuck now, Assistant Principal Maria Hill has created a hand selected security team that can not legally be bought off by you dumb rich motherfuckers. None, of the shit that happened this weekend will happen again!”
Steve stood in the sitting room and watched the little automatons clean the house. Dummy would move continuously but Jarvis would stand completely still his clockwork slowing, and then break out of what could be a stupor with a quick shake and start cleaning and readjusting Dummy’s movements.
She clasped his hand. “My sister was once where you are. I owe her soul the kindness she could not find.”
“That I am.” Bruce said. He grabbed Thors hand and placed it where the baby was kicking. A baby. He was unsure how many but it felt like a litter and he was never going to do this again because Thors virility might kill him the second time.
His eyes caught sight of a pile of sketches that were not his. He flipped through them. There were various pictures of the cauldron and the shrapnel and urn and the hammer and the anvil. Tony looked past them uninterested. Then he caught sight of Jarvis holding a wrench out, one hand on his bent knees, to an excited dummy the claw open and in movement. He couldn’t help the smile that over took his lips.
“Why?”
"I am loyal to you. I have told you before..."
“Tony?” Steve called. Oh. He’d paused for much too long.
Bruce gave him a tight sad smile. It was kinda sweet how this big Nordic transfer student wanted to save him but he also had never been in Bruce’s line of wrath before.
“Why were you out on the fields the other night?”
“Thank you,” Tony said quietly. “Especially you, Clint.”
Bucky leaned in the doorway and coughed. Clint grinned.
“A few months, at the longest.” Steve said.
Tony smiled and cocked out a hip looking under his eyelashes. Rogers flushed. “Anything for you, Steve.”
“But,” Tony said pointing a finger under Clint’s nose, “he might know who is.”
Steve shrugged. “I could go now.”
"You still hunt?"
Tony tilted his head towards him with a smirk. "The last man who looked at me with that intensity became my consort, Dr. Banner."
"Lieutenant Barnes seems to know you quite well?"
Steve nodded and led them inside so he could grab a piece of paper and some charcoal. They sat at what was once the bar but now more of a dining room.
Steve hesitated to touch him hand in the air. Stane caught his wrist. He clenched his hand which would be bruising on anyone else and threw his hand down. Steve clenched his jaw. No punching. Not yet.
Clint whistled. "I've never seen a man mad enough to attempt to negotiate courting someone while being completely naked."
“Clint,” Bucky called.
"I won't go any further, little omega until you tell me what you want," Thor said maintaining the slow rhythm. Bruce felt restrained by his clothes needing Thor's skin on him. To see if he was...
Steve felt more than heard Tony pulling in air and energy for another scream. He pulled away and forced his gaze on him.
“Does Captain Rogers know,” Bruce asked.
Two days before the auction had all of them sitting in Tony’s room. Steve was flipping through pages of notes and Tony was playing Among Us on his phone. He had decided that there was no way to get through this without punching something.
"It has been months since we've slept on a real bed."
Clint was surprised when Bucky began thrusting into him in earnest. He moaned wrapping his legs around the man’s waist. He rolled his hips to help Bucky hit the right angle.
“Follow him. He’ll get your answers. Me and Sam will check the front of the school.” Natasha said stepping down with no other information. Steve and Thor looked at each other and shrugged following behind Bruce.
It was a night when the inn was still unfinished that Tony sat leaning back staring at the stars. Clint leaned against him eyes closed and hands following the path of movement inside his belly still new and exciting. Bruce laid his head in Tony’s lap and they stared at stars.
“I’m not pregnant, am I?” he asked shivering.
“Wha…”
Steve said nothing because that was part of it too.
“Don’t cry it’ll make it awkward,” Clint said still hugging him.
Tony’s brain shifted through the hundreds of balls he juggled on a day to day basis and couldn’t for the life of him find the one she was talking about.
Steve’s hands flexed on his leg. “He took care of me after my father died.” Tony smiled. “Encouraged me to take scent blockers so I could go to school but…”
"Am I too militaristic, Lieutenant Barnes?" He winced and amended with, "Bucky."
Bruce was next his back hitting the wall and slowly falling down. Clint ran from the room and quickly emptied the contents of his stomach into the water basin. Tony’s breathing became too rapid. He couldn’t breath. There was a silent whisper that sounded almost vicious, They Know.  Tony fled his home his clothes slipping off him as he shifted. He felt his thoughts circling and he need to out run them before they encompassed his whole being. They know, they know, they know,
"Whatever may that be?"
“I’d like to believe,” he whispered.
It was almost impossible to notice that Clint and Bucky finally reconciled. Tony saw them in all forms of affection across the house, in the woods, by and in his workshop. It was then that he resigned himself to speaking with Bucky. He did not like the man’s possessive nature for he tended to watch Tony with jealousy when he touched Clint just to reaffirm their bond. He does it with Bruce, a brief brush of hand across his hair, or Thor, a gentle brush of shoulders, even, much to his chagrin, Bucky, a slap outside the head because he’s groping Clint at the dinner table. Tony supposed that he does it with Steve too. It’s probably the gentle foot taps when he demands attention. He could feel a bond tying between them it just didn’t have flavor as the rest of the pack. With all of this it was time.
Bucky crouched down in front of Steve taking his knee in hand. "I'm not. I am a gun to point not a leader. Natasha is a rock to steady the storm and Sam a cool breeze on a hot day. Thor is a sun. You are the person we serve. Believe it or not the leadership became you not the other way around."
“The Captain?” Tony asked. “Aren’t you with Shield, why would you need a military person?”
“Why do you keep talking about it?”
He found him three days after their first shared meal sitting alone one the porch and whittling a piece of wood into a toy between his knees. Tony stood in front of him. He couldn’t find it in him to lower himself as he would with any other pack member.
“He wasn’t there.” Rogers prompted.
“Your loyalty.”
“Prefects!” someone shouted. The senior Clint was fighting paused a look of terror on his face. There was only one power in the entire school that could in fact bring up their expulsion to principal Fury, prefects. Clint took the opportunity to one punch the kid and take his money then run. Tony froze collected all the money caught Natasha by her bra strap as she was running by and stuffed the money into the back of her sports bra. Natasha nodded and slipped out unnoticed as the prefects raided the place. This was the third time this month. They had a snitch somewhere telling them where the fights were located. Tony just knew it. He grabbed his chalkboard and made to leave but got caught by his sleeve. Tony wiped the chalkboard down his shirt obscuring the numbers and names.
"Very well, sir" Jarvis said with a nod of his head.
Tony awoke with a shout feeling teeth penetrating his neck and a hot hand pinning him down against his will. Dummy whirred to life at the distress his body hitting the bed roughly in its eagerness to go to Tony. Tony sighed staring at the wheels pointed up and turning at high speeds. Jarvis clicked on in his chair and got up, walking over and righting Dummy.
Clint's hand drifted down the metal key clacking with the wood he sanded himself while Bruce wasn't looking. One of the kids that had been rough while he chatted with Natasha kicked again and he rubbed the area. They had set up a chair so he wouldn't have to stand while at the desk, but it still felt like his feet were about to implode. With that in mind, was he well?
“So, shall I,” Steve answered. “Thank Natasha for me when you get back.”
“Very well.” Tony said his words muffled by the other man’s lips. Steve grinned down into the next press of lips.
“It seems I have an angel looking down upon my shame.” Tony said his words hollow and barely reaching Steve’s ears. Steve stepped forward intending to climb down into the trench only to step on a loose foot hold and tumbled down.
Tony threw up his hands. "We'll talk about baby daddy's and dark pasts later when I've taken a bath and finished a bottle of rum. But right now, we need a date, so we can start preparing. Mr. Barton, I implore you, please just share the information with the two doctors in front of you and not your packmates."
“Have you ever read
“Ah.”
Nothing. He will be mate. That voice it’s from…
Clint slapped Bruce on the back and nodded in agreement. “Of course, dude. I almost lost my best fuck buddy for you. I would totally hang with you after high school.”
“I can tell.”
Bruce nodded and walked away to the kitchen.
Steve waggled his finger. "That you are and since you initiated a game of chase I'll play with you."
“Yes, little devil.”
The beast didn’t answer just roared and punched the ground a few times. Mate saw. Mate saw. Mate saw. Babies unsafe. Hurt Mate. Mate saw.
A soft knock proceeded a blonde head who Tony immediately identified as the pack leader.
“Anthony Lee, it was my alpha name in college when I was pretending to be above my class,” Tony said. He felt a melancholy smile twitch at his lips. “Mr. Stane came up with it.”
His pack looked to Steve for confirmation. Tony glanced at Steve and found himself scared by the hard look in his eyes.
Rogers stood with his hands on his hips. “Where are you going?”
“I see you are enjoying the weather,” Thor said once he was settled.
Clint rubbed his head. "I didn't know." He grumbled.
The next day, Steve awoke to the grumble of his stomach. He turned to see that Tony was sprawled over the top of the blanket’s mouth open and eyes restless in the purest form of deep sleep. He smiled and ran a hand over his hair. Steve stood his hunger pushing him forward along with the knowledge that Tony would be starving when he awoke and that they most definitely would spend the day or next in bed.
Clint swiveled his head toward Bucky and raised an eyebrow. “So? Before you there were others.”
"Impossible," Bruce said clenching around Thor's cock.
Bruce seemed to startle from his spot on the cot. “Of course, Tony.”
“As your doctor that doesn't mean much. You had been on suppressants and had run out only two months ago. You had still been on birth control when you were bitten…”
He dropped to his knees and the window shattered against the vibration of the house, spraying glass across the floor some of it cutting into Steves legs. He chanced a glance up and found Tony crouched in front of the fire much too close, his clothes steaming on the verge of catching flame. Jarvis was slumped to the side lifeless.
“He’ll die if we move him!” Hammer said.
“Come, I’ll show you to your room.”
There was some rustling of branches and grunting. “Oh, you’re worth it.”
“Fuck.” He grunted.
“Everyone leaves once they get what they want. None of you talked to me until I told you I could make you money.” Tony said picking at the buckles on his boot.
"You have also lost me, Stevie. I was under the impression that you were mad at Lord Stark?" Bucky said.
Thor laid down fully along his bed staring up at the ceiling and digesting that.
Bucky smirked and opened Clint’s fly. The conversation admittedly became one sided after that.
“Not until I’m 25. That’s in my trust.”
Tony looked away clenching and unclenching his hands. “I see.”
“Yeah, you’re not going to like it.” Sam said still smiling. “You read my book?”
"Do you have time to participate in a competition?" Bucky asked walking backwards to face Clint.
That's right around when Thor began a pace that turned Bruce's brain into pure bliss. His climax came between one breath and the next and when he became limp and Thor used his body until his own completion.
Tony didn’t know what to say he felt a smile slowly grace his lips. “Perfect.” He said succinctly. The room was quiet at that no one knowing how to respond.
Steve waited patiently. Tony felt the words block his throat. “That night laying cold and in pain waiting for the other man to come in and take what I did not want to give, I realized my heat was due and I started planning my own death because I’d rather die than raise a child in that house.  Then She came. She placed a hand in the center of my chest and said with sympathy, ‘What you do not wish to bear you must create’. I did. Stane found out after the third miscarriage and locked me up for the fourth but I had already made the body it just needed blood and my childhood butler... He was old. He wasn’t going to last to next year and he sacrificed his final days so that a child would not be trapped there.” Tony swallowed. “It was so painful John was much too far along when the process was complete.”
“Well if they want their money back,” Natasha started.
“That feels…”
Tony rolled his eyes. “It is time for me to leave and perhaps clothe myself. Farewell, dear angel.”
"You were supposed to go to your own bed, your highness."
"Little omega," Thor said his lips brushing Bruce's ear, "You've fit me very well."
Tony pointed to Bucky, “You’re our eye in the sky looking for suspicious behavior.”
Tony let out a choked gargle sob. Steve realized he was laughing. “Shut up or you’re never going to eat again.”
Steve jumped out of bed and his knees hit the floor. There was so much emotion, it was a tidal wave, he could hear a cacophony of barks and growls and howls from the pack feeling it too. The pain was overwhelming, it was filling every crevasse of the pack bond and it was literally shaking the house. Steve placed a hand to his chest and forced himself to stand even though the very floor beneath him shook ready to collapse.
“What?” Steve said faux innocent pausing to make eye contact with Tony while putting on his shirt.
“My apologies, Lord Stark.” Sam said. “He was three towns off when he met a man by the name of Wrotty. I have a feeling it was the name you gave him that triggered Mr. Stane, sir.”
"I've been good about everyone keeping their secrets to themselves. Seems it’s time to air out the dirty laundry, build a little trust and better the pack bonds before we suddenly have a bun out of the oven. I'll start then Mr. Banner, then our little baker."
"I do not think he knows where Asgard is on a map."
"Workshop," Bucky said.
"Do you want to have your portrait started today? I have to warn you I don't have any paints."
“Someones coming,” Steve said gripping Tony’s hand too tightly. Tony gently pried his fingers off.
“Thor.” Tony finished.
“Have you read any Shirley Jackson yet?” Natasha asked. Her jaw tightened and she hid a wince. Damn him. Being so easy to talk to. So distracting. So handsome.
Steve patted his shoulder. “You don't have to.”
T’Challa tilted his head and thought for a moment. “Everyone?”
“You don’t sound excited.”
Stane hummed and went to sit down next to him their arms brushing together. Tony’s stomach rolled and he heard growling from a corner.
“Thank you.”
"Your cock will not fit in me," Bruce said between pants feeling Thor's finger pull and stretch at his insides. "Oh gods."
“Now our goal is to open a tavern.” Tony continued raising his arms in the air and dropping Clint to the floor. Tony cursed.
Tony turned back around and crossed his arms. “And nothing. What do you want to do?”
Bruce looked him in the eye. “I can give you nothing! You fool. There’s nothing here. I’m barren, you’re a Lord. You need more than a dysfunctional, ageing, omega. What if I decide to stay here? Don’t you have responsibilities to your county? It is for the best when Captain Rodgers fails to meet his own impossible standards to leave with the rest of your pack and return home.”
Tony stood and fired his own weapon. In a blink the fight was over. The five shifters left alive were snarling in their direction. Tony walked out of the brush Clint right behind him both lowering their weapons. The wolves calmed and the three legged one ran around in circles unsure whether he could come up or not.
“May the Lady bless us.” Bruce repeated setting down two plates for Clint and Tony.
Bucky held up a finger then shrugged. “I’m okay with that.”
Bruce bit his lip and looked at his palms his fingernails had sliced into them and the blood was already coagulating. “Okay.”
Steve couldn't find a proper response other than to laugh. Leaning onto Bucky for support.
They kissed for so long Bruce almost forgot about the stretch of Thor's fingers until they were gone. He whimpered missing the feeling. Thor sat back and positioned Bruce's legs on either side of him.
Tony turned to him. Something was missing but—“What are you talking about?”
Tony didn’t answer. His brain was buzzing and there was no real emotion or words just Clint’s blonde fox body not moving.
"He seems to stutter magnificently when fucking is involved," Tony responded snidely.
Then he sat down in a corner and drew. The urn, the anvil, Jarvis, Dummy, the peaches, the hammers, the chisels and Tony, Tony, Tony... he drew until he could not see his hands.
“I am uncomfortable with how much authority he has over you, but it is not something that hinders my infatuation.”
“Only three?” Natasha asked.
“He will never forgive you.” Steve said crossing his arms. “And you want to search for him to bring to our unit?”
Natasha looked at Tony who was staring up at the ceiling. He’d been put on bed rest for at least three days and was forced to wear a boot because he had a crack in his tibia. He also was having trouble breathing due to cracked ribs. She was deeply unsettled but how calmly he was taking this. They’d seen concussions, usually mild, and cracked ribs, and sprained wrists and ankles. The bloody mouths and noses and cheeks were par for the course. They had never spent twenty-four hours under observation in a hospital.
The captain gave him a blinding smile. "Please call me Steve or Mr. Rogers. I've heard good things about you."
by Iain Reid?” Sam asked.
Mate saw.
Clint leaned in and captured his lips not letting go for a long, long time.
He blinked away hands folded in his lap. They hadn’t told the pack. Tony hadn’t told the pack. They needed to. Tony was walking down the stairs and passed him to reach the kitchen. Steve’s hand shot out to grip his wrist.
“You said you’ve met The Father and The Lady have they ever spoken to you.”
Steve nodded in greeting before leaning against the door jamb. “What can I do for you today?”
Steve laughed. “Thank you.” He said wrapping Tony in a hug. “You didn’t have to.”
“We know that it exists. We’ve seen proof of gatherings,” Steve countered following Tony through the lobby to the technical manuals.
“Oh well sin, fair angel, we must refuel first.”
“God you're such a fucking idiot.” Bucky muttered placing his head in his hands. Clint flinched and started getting dressed.
Principal Fury screeched over the microphones. “I’m gone for a weekend in Tahoe and I come back to a fucking clusterfuck.”
Steve sighed. “Who has Tony stolen the most money from?”
“Um…” Tony started.
Steve nodded. “Okay go back to your dorm room, we’ll find him.”
They went quiet the air hanging heavily around them. Tony swallowed audibly.
“Nor do I but I also have babies.” Clint grumbled.
“Oh fuck I think you’re right!”
"Captain Rogers you seem like a nice man but if you ask about my capability again, I am obligated to punch you." Clint said. There was odd bark of laugh that Clint had not heard in half year behind them. Steve scowled at his companions and Clint walked on at a steady pace. The silence was comfortable until, Steve broke it with the one question Clint did not want to hear.
Mr. Stark looked up at him eyes bright, the brown almost glowing honey yellow. His hair looked soft and framed his high cheekbones. "You have latent magic! May we test this? Doctor Banner grab your note book we must gather--" He had a lovely baritone of a voice.
The beast whirled around snarling ready to taste blood between it’s teeth. Pack leader stood there hands up. Pathetic.
"Would you, could you, please, take dinner to Mr. Stark," Bruce asked nicely when the captains eyes reached him.
The next morning Tony awoke under a strong warm body and the heady scent of alpha. Tony buried his nose in Steve one more time before pulling away, there was something he had to work on something important. He stood letting Dummy hit his legs and Jarvis click his way over. Tony ran a hand over the top of Jarvis’ head.
"Pies?" Tony asked.
“Can’t we at least clean up my bite? Then we can go,” Tony begged.
“Me.” Bucky taunted.
Steve held onto his neck covering it with his palm like it would fix the hole that it left. Tony grabbed his hand. “I miss them.” He said quietly.
“No! Of course not.” Bruce’s voice echoed and more people came in. Bruce’s chest tightened as he saw Rogers, Wilson, and Rumlow round in on him. His fingers curled into his palms and his muscles tightened in his shoulders and legs. He couldn’t let it out. The anxiety clawing at his throat and head. He couldn’t…
"It's absolutely vulgar."
A gunshot went off and all the students flinched. Except for Tony who’s eyes rolled back in his head and started seizing.
"Might impressive holding that and the babes."
Stane rolled his neck and shoulders. “Tony, Tony, Tony, you should know better than to think I’d let you leave without what’s mine.”
"Did you make them?"
Clint leaned closer to Bucky. “Think you have something to prove?”
“Give me the body, Rogers.” Hammer said lowering the gun from the sky.
"It's getting darker by the second," Tony said the panic still bubbling up. He ran out the door pulling off clothes as he went. He left on a wristlet having never taken it off except for baths since Bruce and his encounter with the criminal pack. "I'm going to go find them." He called out jumping into his shift.
"That was," Bruce gasped feeling lips between his folds and his cock hardening. "Different."
“Did you get them?” He cried crashing into Tony not a care in the world from his sweat and dried blood and grit imbedded into his skin. Bucky ran out after him shouting something about taking it easy.
"That would fool anyone else, but not a doctor."
Tony ruffled his hair shoving his head down. “Nonsense. It’s no one’s fault but the arsonist. See you soon my friend.”
"Tomorrow I shall build you a range."
“Since we are ‘combining’ packs given that you and Thor have somehow created bonds to me and mine it seems relevant.”
"How are you?” Clint asked changing the subject.
Tony walked to stand next to the hammer. "Sing back." He ordered.
"That doesn't make sense."
Sam grinned and only let out a lazy, “yeah,” as he followed in her afterglow.
. She’d listened to him.
“It’s our territory. We have the right to attack. But…”
“About what?”
Tony turned away unable to look him in the eye. “You don’t trust me and you think I’m doing immoral and disgusting things.”
"That's a touchy subject, Mr. Stark."
“We need to find Natasha and Sam then—” Tony stopped, unable to voice it.
“And who’s going to clean the place?” Clint asked clearly detailing how he wasn’t going to do just that.
Bucky clenched his hand and stared stalwart at the ceiling. “Do it.”
“All of us haven’t been at dinner, right?”
“Oh no, that might have been you, and Mr. Barnes and my own father among others. The pack is great. The children are great. I am not.”
"'Tis the iron."
“Why do you have to… they’re over there.”
“I hope. His mark was so fresh…I just couldn’t…”
Tony straightened and took his arm back. His eyes wandered to the kitchen where Bruce and Thor were chatting then up the stairs. “At dinner. If we call a sudden meeting right now it’ll sound much more urgent than it is.”
“Thor! Where’s the others?” Tony asked trying to catch the alphas attention.
Words were lost then in the feeling of bodies pushed against each other and warmth being spilt and emotions shared through actions.
Tony tongued his cheek. “You’re easy on the eyes and really quite charming yourself Captain. I’m impressed that you’re the first person in a very long time who could not only keep my attention but match me word for word.”
“Natasha!” Steve shouted. “Someone in this room must know where they’re taking him.”
“He certainly is.” Tony mumbled taking a stumbling step in a direction no one could see. Steve stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
"I've never seen the man cry," Clint said when Steve was out of the room.
Tony and Bruce waited for him to open up.
Bucky's pace sped up and Clint felt his jaw open and tongue gently trace his jugular. Please. Pressure, pain, pleasure. Clint screamed seeing stars. He came Bucky's cock throbbing in him his teeth stuck in his neck.
“You know they’re not just that,” Tony answered finally catching hold onto the second nail.
Steve turned fully startled by the intimacy of such a request. "I'm not sure I understand."
"Hush, Bruce, tis easy." Clint said. He faced the pack. "Welcome to The Three Bitches Bar and Inn would you like a room for the night? We have hot water from the taps and cold beer—” he looked at Bruce who shrugged. "Maybe cold beer. The paint for the restaurant isn't even dry yet, you'll have to forgive us."
Tony shivered, and his eyes lit in delight. Steve’s mouth went dry and his palms grew sweaty and he dropped them to Tony’s waist pulling him close.
“Pure luck,” Tony gargled, then laughed.
“It’s fine. Do you have anymore questions on the microbiology exam?”
“What in the fathers balls?” Clint muttered. Thor stood up.
Bruce grit his teeth. He looked at the water rushing past, pulling at his legs and knees wanting to drag him down the river. He could let go. Children don’t need murderers.
“What happened,” Natasha asked again looking over the haggard group of them. It was blatantly clear that they hadn’t slept in forty-eight hours.
feel to it.”
Clint looked and caught the end of Natasha’s fond smirk as she looked over her shoulder at Sam. “That truly would be a shame, for I quite like those ears.”
Clint frowned. “That’s weird.”
“You’re a rich prince with an affinity for sports which your culture deigns as warriorship. Do you want the hint or not?” Bruce said standing up and over Thor.
Bruce let go of his hand once he caught sight of their pack. He crouched down without an ounce of self-consciousness and pried Bucky from Clint’s body and began to check him. Tony stood at the edge of them. It was there that he remembered. Dummy and Jarvis. They weren’t here. Rain began to hail against them. Slowly at first then consuming the sound and soaking threw his thin shirt. Tony pulled at the bandages around his neck and dug his fingers into the wound drawing blood.
“Omega, hasn't had a period in over a decade and is now having pregnancy symptoms it's probably menopause. My body deciding the baby machine is done for good.”
"I know and now he is your leader and foolish young one at that."
That doesn’t matter. What about pack?
"Jarvis," he croaked. "Take Dummy down stairs and see if you can find some of my old plans for Lieutenant Barnes' arm and take them to the workshop." He needed something to do. Without constant work he'd go mad within his own head. Even with the clock of his own happiness was ticking it’s last tock.
“I could die happy right now.” Sam agreed.
Clint threw it over his shoulder and as he leaned down to kiss Bucky again they were shrouded in it.
"You have my thanks."
Bruce cupped his cheek and bit his thumb. "Sometimes I worry about my sanity with you two."
Bruce pushed him back down. "Tony can you shift and listen for me?"
Clint slid the key until it hit Bucky's elbow and leaned back intending to end the conversation.
They reached the tavern three days later. It was both a relief and a punch to the gut. Tony held a hand to his head as they entered the clearing. Clint ran out of the house at full speed.
Bruce leaned over and turned off the lights then Natasha hit play on Tony’s laptop that he’d hooked up to a hand made projector. Tony was just that good sometimes.
“Hey,” Clint responded dragging his hands down Bucky’s back.
“Uhm…” someone said.
"That is a lovely picture, Captain Rodgers." Jarvis said. Steve blinked catching sight of bright blue glowing slits. They flickered then returned to the hollow shells they once were.
Clint bit his lip and looked furiously out the doorway. "I know. I know logically that is what had to have happened. It just doesn't alleviate the hurt that comes when it never occurred to any of you fools to invite me."
"He won't even notice you," Bruce said turning back to the stove and settling the flame. "Take him his meal. Make sure he tries to eat. And come back with whatever is left of lunch."
"Perhaps." Tony coughed. "Anyway, how would you like to be paid for my portrait?"
Natasha flicked them both in the foreheads. “They wouldn’t try to steal it because it’s all in savings accounts linked to our names. They would kidnap Tony.”
"Your time and company, my fair devil."
"Come," Mr. Stark said gesturing over his shoulder, "we have much to do and so little time."
Tony raised an eyebrow looking up from a text on motorcycle engines. “We keep calling Howard daddy and things are just going to get too kinky for me Steve.’
Steve flinched. “Stane took some of his blood.”
“You’re going to be president, you stupid rich kid.” Steve said pulling away.
“Fine!” Tony shouted loud enough to impede their conversation. “If you won’t stay here forever let me at least get a vial of your blood.”
"None of your concern, Doctor." Jarvis said again over him. It was slightly biting despite the automatons soothing monotone.
"I see." Tony sat down. The missing man could have possibly seen him but that was for his own worry. Why did the Wilsons need to inform him? "I don't know what this has to do with me."
Tony swallowed. He looked away and ripped the hardened leather from it’s nail and flung it on. His hands grabbed the gloves and the scrap metal. Once the heat and the flames and the work of melding two pieces together and Dummy’s feverish little waves had awakened his voice did he answer.
"Oh!" The Captain scratched the back of his neck uncomfortably. "There's Thor from up north.”
“I’ve only been dating him for like a week.”
His eyes shuttered and his fists clenched. “Yes?”
“What’s up?”
“Thank you,” he said slipping her another pound and one of his clocks. “You are too kind fair beta.”
"Hello?"
"Uh..." the omega hummed.
"Bored. The lovebirds are singing their song and I'm sure we will be hearing their activities in the night."
Clint was looking at Tony and said, “Good.”
Bucky followed at a quick pace. Thor’s shoulders were tense and near his ears with unbridled stress.
Steve shrugged. “I can get behind that. It’s obvious that things are currently broken.”
“Because I am having babies soon.” Clint said. “So, I am going to go hide?”
“I see. Why is Colonel Romanov  so attached?”
Thor grinned up at him. “Amazing, dear.”
Steve was dozing off. He hadn’t slept since Friday night and it was Monday at six am. He was not prepared to be yelled at along with his peers this early in the morning. Natasha would gently prop his head up occasionally so he wouldn’t be caught. Sam was in the same state but he was hiding on the steps between bleachers sleeping in a small pile with Clint and Bucky.
Thor probably thought they were friends. Bruce didn’t know. He didn’t know shit. A drop of rain hit his head but he felt no need to move. He wondered if the rain would pass to the ocean or down the valley toward LA.
“I thought you said...” Steve’s brow furrowed, and Tony wished for the stars fruitlessly.
“We’ll leave when the pack awakens.”
“Why are you leaving so quickly?”
Steve didn’t know. He wanted a fight. He wanted them dead. The shit bags who sat there unphased until Stane was in his hands. He was so close to just snapping his neck right there. Just right there in front of everyone with out Tony’s consent.
Clint pushed up onto his elbows and bounced his knee nervously. “No. I just remembered that I was supposed to ask you…like…” it was Friday which was why there was no soccer practice currently. “Three days ago.”
They came one after the others Steve collapsing on Tony, cock still hard and ready inside him. Tony brushed his hands through Steve’s hair and the kissed sloppily more of a connection of mouths against flesh than really a kiss. When Tony felt the after shocks recede he said something he did not expect to hear from himself during sex in his lifetime.
Clint swallowed blinking away the wetness in his eyes. "I would have chased you down then murdered you if I had found this that morning."
“Tony?” Steve.
Bruce waited on the porch for his pack. Tony and Steve were chatting by the barn while Jarvis sat head against the wood and Dummy rested his claw in his lap. Clint was out in the woods probably hunting with Bucky despite their little row that morning. He was left in the house. He cleaned. He had bread in the oven and a stew ready, he even baked cheese and lettuce. The afternoon sun beat down on him and he was…bored. He closed his eyes and set his head on his knees wondering if he could get a book from Tony to read. The man seemed to have one somewhere despite leaving most of his things behind.
Tony tapped Jarvis' knee thoughtfully. "Heavens no, my old alpha bought them for me."
"Nothing. It felt like a series of bad omens led us here. Why stay when The Lady is telling us it's cursed?"
Mate? Yes?
Steve stretched pleased with the thought. Tony’s heat from Stane’s bite never came but that didn’t mean they couldn’t have some fun and Steve couldn’t thoroughly mark him. He cracked his neck and pulled on a pair of pants. He was on the last step when there was a sharp knock at the door. Natasha and Sam were lounging in the living room so Steve raised an eyebrow at their lackadaisical response.
“Especially to kids who are spending their allowances and haven’t touched their funds yet,” Bruce continued for him.
"Less so." Bruce squeaked.
Tony ran towards the sound of his voice. Click, clank. Tony looked up. Jarvis sat on a tree branch just above his head clicking his legs again.
“Poor baby,” Tony sympathized patting Clint's back. He was actually mildly relieved. Maybe if they broke up Tony wouldn’t have to be constantly looking over his shoulder wondering when the VP Maria Hill was going to show up and expel him.
“You could take, Mr. Stark.” Clint added.
Bruce spoke above them all. “I taste the blood of enemy between my jaws.”
“Yes, lets.” He said.
“I’ll bite your tongue then.” Clint said waddling around the counter.
“Or you need to be able to adapt your boundaries.” Tony said trailing his fingers over Steve’s chest.
"Mr. Barton!"
“Ah, thank you.”
Another month passed and the winter finally let up the snow began to melt and once there were patches of snow on the ground the letter of retrieval from the federal court came.
“Indeed.” Thor said with a winning smile.
He looked up from his paper airplane and met everyone’s eyes. “What? I’m foreign, people think I do not know what’s happening.”
If you made it this far...Thanks. I appreciate you. Even if you didn't like it.
Silence.
Pack. Family.
Clint chewed around a piece of buttered bread eyeing Thor. “I know you met, the captain.” He said pointing at Bucky rudely and showing the world the food in his mouth. “But how did he meet Thor?”
“Thank you, selfless devil.”
Bucky sat at the helm of the ship leaning over his arm holding his weight. It has been four months since he’d last seen him. Steve came up and leaned with his back on the edge to his left.
“Don’t bother, I’m not worth it.” Clint said.
“Yes?”
"I would appreciate if you wouldn't discuss my attributes so loud, Mr. Barton," Steve said walking by them and out the back door.
Bucky opened his mouth and looked between the two. “Why?”
Natasha didn’t know how to respond and turned on their projector and started Space Odyssey again. She wasn’t a fan but it made Tony happy. He was smiling as the opening shots played his head laying on his pillow. The blood vessels of his right eye broke when Stane took him out. It appeared glassy when he was watching things and it took Natasha awhile to realize that it was because he was always dizzy, despite his rebuttals.
"What about the city calls to you? From my perspective it seems you hate people and crowded areas."
Tony found the body covered in blood and his heart nearly stopped. It was a rush when the part of his brain that remembered seeing people torn apart could associate that blood with this. He shook the body only to be shocked. He dropped his hand. Thor. This was Thor. The man sat up. He wiped blood from his face, eyes sparked with excitement. Or insanity. Tony couldn’t tell.
“600k is a lot.” Clint said.
“I do not want sex, Clint.” He sounded much closer than before.
“You’ll still be helping.”
“Are you sure you checked the gate?”
“We should call Steve,” Clint said jumping up to grab a branch. Bucky groped himself.
Steve chuckled. "It's a lovely piece of art despite the vulgarity."
“Tony!” Steve shouted shaking him.
"We have no need of him because I do not know what that sad desperate man wants from us."
“Of a hundred and twenty,” Sam said staring at the piece of paper he’d been taking notes on.
He stopped long enough to focus in on Clint's scent before taking off. The closer he got, other animal scents began to overlap with Clint's. Tony ran faster his muscles burning. He couldn't smell Jarvis or Dummy over the other shifters. Grunts and growls preceded him he ignored them running into the clearing regardless, Clint was on the other side and he caught sight of him holding a bow and arrow. Tony skidded in front of him and snarled. Clint didn't back down Tony set himself between his pack and the other shifters.
Bruce pushed Clint on top of the large dining table left over from the previous owners. He then gently nudged him onto his back. "I'm going to check your stomach very quickly." Bruce said lifting up his shirt and gently prodding his abdomen. Then he paused lower down. Clint just held an arm over his eyes appearing to be bored by the going on. Bruce prodded some more closer to the edge of his pants.
“I think he was struck outside the head,” Bruce said. Clint sniffed him and almost choked on the smell of iron. “Then he inhaled a little bit of smoke before you picked him up.”
Tony watched the other omega wander over eyes wary.
"Besides my future mate, and love of my life and one of the greatest huntsmen on this side of the earth?"
“That would be wonderful,” Sam called as they headed into the brushes. Clint shook his head and continued his washing.
Clint didn’t answer. He missed him too.
"The Hammer is his," was all Tony said disappearing around the corner. It felt like a near eternity before Tony came back with Thor. He had long scratches down his back.
“Why?” Clint asked.
Steve genuinely thought about explaining the actual gifts of their friends but Tony pulled against his hold eyes still blatantly glossed over. He shrugged. “Yes. The Lady owns a piece of Tony and The Father a piece of Bruce.”
"Mr. Barton," Tony barked. "While I am sympathetic to your motivations my, my, automatons are gone, and it would be best for you to leave so I can handle one problem at a time."
Natasha pushed her way to the front and stood next to Tony. She had a feeling he needed her to help him carry this.
“Perfect,” Tony said smiling up at the place.
Steve held out four fingers. Those were the alpha’s he had seen but he had a feeling there were more. Thor nodded picking up on their old military symbols and undressed before shifting and heading out.
Fo once he did not try to take over the conversation instead letting them flow around him while he fiddled with the clock he’d had earlier when Captain Rodgers had been in his office. It was a warm edge but there was something missing. Then Bruce walked in Thor behind with a huge bowl of stew and then the bonds between them tightened.
Tony ran into Steve on his way down the stairs. He jumped on the step behind him causing the alphas shoulders to leap.
Tony repressed a shudder and continued up the stairs Stane following him.
"For Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, sir. They went out to bury the bodies from last evenings fight."
“Back of the school,” Steve said.
“For now.”
"Is that where all the blood came from?"
The lights went out and there was a thud as something heavy hit the mats. Someone pulled out their phone and lit up the objects face.
“How can I not worry about it?”
“Were you perhaps involved,” The shorter asked.
Tony lifted his head enough to spit on him. Stane jostled him and Tony let out a cry of pain before laughing again. Hammer was making such a funny expression.
Tony stared at the omega on the other side of the boarding house. He'd been staring at Jarvis when he thought Tony wasn't looking. Large brown eyes partially concealed with salt and pepper black hair. Tony was charmed. Jarvis clanked his legs against the other side of the table appearing not to notice his admirer.
"You smell like rotten magic. How'd that happen?"
Tony rolled his eyes. “Leave it, Steve. I’m going to get kidnapped, and then I’m going to take over daddy’s business and be an amazing CEO.”
“We’ve never been apart,” Steve said with a laugh.
“Tony?”
Thor looked away and a red tint covered his ears. “I can handle dirty work I am a warrior after all.”
Steve gritted his teeth and gripped Tony’s hand. “You would walk all over me, tempting devil.”
“There’s something else going on Lieutenant. Pay attention to your omega.” Steve said throwing him away.
The two marshal’s turned to see him standing in the door way with a lot of hickey’s and wearing a pair of Steve’s pants.
Natasha’s lips pursed and she nodded. “Okay. What now?”
Natasha patted Clint's back as he sobbed into his second pint of Ben and Jerry's. Tony dropped off his backpack surprised by the pity party that was in his room. He had been out for his Saturday counseling session at Berkeley about a three hour drive from there. Bruce was pulling up Paw Patrol and playing Clint's favorite episode.
“What’d he do?” Steve asked. He had pulled off the school blazer and was currently walking around with his thumbs hooked under his suspenders and his shirt sleeves rolled up over some delicious forearms.
Steve grit his teeth. "You." He said pointing to Mr. Stark and coming between him and Thor.
I don’t care. I need to go back.
Bruce rose with him. "I could never. He hasn't met my curse and I- I could not wish that upon anyone."
Steve rolled his eyes. "Insufferable, the lot of you."
“Shit.”
Tony caught it. “In the house please, I do love discrepancy.”
"Thank you," Steve said. He flinched feeling something being tugged out of his hand. He rolled his eyes. He should be used to this. It happened frequently when he was hiding in the barn. Dummy tapped the pencil against Steve's drawing twice then scribbled lightly over Steve's drawing tapping it once more before looking up for Steve's approval.
“Having a good run fair angel” Tony Stark asked rolling himself tantalizingly along Steve.
“Now you’re talking.” Stane said.
Bruce blinked and flushed. “Good.” He turned back and placed the pies in the stove. Large warm hands covered his hips and he stood up closing the stove and leaned back into a warm chest. Thor’s hair tickled his neck when he leaned down.
Stane’s hand came down on his shoulder stopping all of Tony’s movement. The air stilled and Tony could hear the faint screams of fright beyond them.
"That was not how I wanted my morning to go.”
“Yeah.” Sam said with a shrug.
Clint clung to him. "I hope so."
Steve pulled as far away as he could falling on to his hands. “I can’t. They might—”
One of the prefects found Tony thirty minutes later passed out on the soccer fields. Steve ran up and let Hank go to call back the prefects and call it a night. Tony was laying face down an arm pressed against his belly and the other on his side as if his consciousness left him between one step and the next. Shit. Steve flipped him around gently and took his pulse. Steady. Steve knew that all the CPR and First Aid movies told him not to move trauma victims but… something about Tony’s bloody mouth and pale skin irked him so he picked him up bridal style and called 911.
Clint finally returned to the table in a tunic and a loose vest. Tony tapped his fingers mildly frustrated. He’d tried to buy clothes that would fit but according to Clint they were too effeminate. Bucky returned shortly after looking just done with the whole ordeal.
"The same man has saved me countless more times than you ever will. We went after him because we were on the edge eating each other alive and needed a definitive leader. If that meant our Captain during the war, then so be it."
“They’ve been dating for a month now, I thought you knew,” Nat said. Tony held up a finger.
“Well,” Tony said putting his hands on his hips. “Let’s go home.”
Natasha had to shake all three of them awake once the school meeting was over. They were having a break day so that the school staff could have the same meeting of being yelled at and shamed. The seven of them walked out to edge of the forest and sat against one of the large redwoods.
Tony jeered the crowd and raised the numbers Clint left with five hundred. Bruce left with a grand and Natasha was sold once for six hundred and then for the second while Tony roused the crowd shouting and talking a bang cut off all noise.
Bruce sighed getting into the carriage. "Yes, Mr. Stark."
“I can’t fight.”
“No!” Clint was on his feet and it was so quickly that he was surprised that he didn’t topple over. “You left me after my heat to chase a ghost in a war-torn country with nothing to suggest a goodbye. No, I didn’t even see your ‘note’. This pack doesn’t want you here. I don’t. Come. Visit your spawn. Sure, be near. Do not fool yourself into thinking we’re okay.”
“They told us they just made it to 600k.” Steve said.
Tony wiggled roughly away. “Angel, you truly have been the devil all along because you remind me of things that must be forgotten.”
“We…”
“Grooming a child is not what I consider winning, Lord Stane.” Steve said walking back down the stairs leaving Stane gasping for air. “There are four other unused bedrooms to the left of the stairs your pack is welcome to those.”
"Are you displeased?" Thor asked. Bruce stretched and felt Thor's hardness against his back.
“Love you too.”
“Bad Man hurt me. Hurt baby. Hurt Mate.”
Bruce’s pupils dilated. “Let go.”
Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose and Tony placed his hands on the back of a chair and let his head drop.
Tony leaned up and caught Steve’s lips. “Go ahead then.” He whispered. Steve dove in and took over his tongue conquering where it roved. Tony let him, enjoying the play only pulling away long enough to gasp. “Weren’t you working on a portrait.”
The man looked over Tony and observed his pack. “I’m selling her for fifteen hundred.”
Tony sniffed. “Thanks.”
Bruce had gotten a broken arm once and that had been the extent of their hospital visits. Natasha was a master of superglue if any of them had cuts that might need stitches but other than that…nothing. In the two years of fighting ring no one had been as fucked up as Tony currently was. Natasha frowned.
Thor's eyes became distant. "That alone does not explain his fear."
"You have no idea."
Tony left closing the door behind him as Bruce asked gentle medical questions. He let out a breath. God almighty he needed a drink.
Clint began walking again. "That you do."
Tony’s stomach dropped. “Oh.”
Tony bared his neck willingly for Steve to clean. “I’m sorry.”
“My blood is blessed by the gods. You cannot have it for your whimsey.” Thor thundered.
“I’m being kidnapped,” Tony said aloud his vision…he thinks was clouding over but he recognized the feeling of consciousness slowly leaving.
Tony walked to the library late Thursday night despite Natasha’s protests. He needed to work. Or read. Do something. He limped along hoping that Natasha had fallen asleep.
“Yes.”
Tony took off his shirt and fell against the bed. “We kind of have to.”
Thor pulled out his seed spilling onto Bruce's thighs.
“Hammer is dead.” Tony said automatically eyes roaming the room. They are here, they are… Stane had rested his foot on Jarvis’ back the automaton’s hands and knees nailed to the ground. Dummy was nailed into the ground his wheels missing and claw clenching and unclenching frantically next to Stane’s desk. Tony’s fist clenched so hard he feared that his fingernails might pierce into his flesh.
They turned around as one. Whatever noise in the room died with their attention.
"Of course, Nat." His eyes followed her up the stairs and refused to focus on Bucky waiting impatiently in a corner.
“What?” Bucky said turning around.
Bruce smiled causing Tony's frown to deepen into a pout. "They are I just caught you taking them early today."
Jarvis patted his knee again before toddling off to pick up Dummy who had tripped a few yards away over a small rock. "You know," the automaton called, "you're the only one who asked him to be their mate."
Tony nodded. "Who don't I shoot?"
That was obvious. Natasha tilted her head in acknowledgement. She wasn’t in the mood to talk to someone who might be planning to hurt them.
Thor beamed at him. “Aye, Bruce of Banner, that it is.”
“Look, I didn’t sign up for whatever rich kid shit this is.” Steve said. “I just know that the paramedics are nearby and this little scheme is going to be over.”
The door creaked when he opened it and Steve stepped tentatively inside. There were loud bangs, melded in with soft murmurs and metallic clicks and the whirr of a wheels. Steve continued deeper setting his tray on the first available surface.
Clint’s hand crumpled the page of his end of chapter questions he’d been answering.
Much later Clint came down and laid across the couch so Tony could pull his fingers through his hair. He didn’t say anything for a long time and then a short clipped thank you, before returning to his room.
Clint flushed. "It's embarrassing."
Tony held a hand to his chest. The nightmare sifting away at the sight of his automatons. He almost couldn't remember what it was of.
Tony had nothing to say but, “Thank you for sharing my burden.”
She nodded and left him to his movie. Something wasn’t right. If anyone was planning to cheat they would have done it ages ago. The fact that it was happening right now when the prefects were closing in ever closer on their fights meant something. She had to find out what.
Steve stood and looked down at the slimmer man. “It is rather serious given that Sam told us that your alpha had slaughtered a man.”
Stane placed him on his feet.
"What else can you do?" Tony said instead touching Thor to turn him around and pull him out in the open. Steve watched his hips sway and his excited hand movements as Thor swung himself in the air. He'd have to woo that man and it felt like an adventure.
Clint shrugged. “Science?”
“Stay in the shop. It’s best to stay out of sight.” Tony told them. He gently swept a thumb under Jarvis’ unlit eyes. “I need to fix that.” He murmured.
“How do you know? They’re all I have, Steve. If they’re…”
Steve wiggled trying to get Tony off, but Tony sat up settling himself over Steve's hips.
Bucky looked away from Clint, his shoulders shaking and a smile sneaking across his face. Clint flicked him and swallowed dramatically.
Clint flushed. Bruce nodded understanding. Relieve stress for Clint before things got more complicated.
"What could you do to possibly improve what is already there?" Tony asked.
“I could of hurt you.”
Bucky and Clint. Oh god. What about the work shop, please… Off in the distance he could hear fox hissing and desperate barking. He didn’t know where anybody was. They could be on the second floor. From the side of the house the deafening sound of splintering wood came, and Tony could barely see a large pale body being thrown through the wall of the kitchen. Bruce. The next thing that came out was the monster, roaring. Stane’s pack of seven froze at the sight. The two in the closest vicinity were picked up and slaughtered with a snap of jaws and the grip of the beast’s claws hands closing on their abdomens spraying blood and viscera over the green woods.
“It’s just another scar.”
“Lot’s of people live off a lot less,” Natasha said. “For a lot longer.”
Thor raised an eyebrow.
Rogers rolled his eyes. “Come on. Let’s go get your weekly detention.”
“I won’t go to town, there will be too much gossip,” Mr. Stark said from the archway making Steve jump and rip apart his sketch. “Captain Rodgers could you come with me.”
Steve smiled and it wasn’t for show it was his genuine pleasure at having his passion acknowledged. “Yeah.”
“Yeah.”
Tony scratched his head. What next? They sat tense on the couches for an hour then Steve let out a serrated rumble of a growl.
"I believe," Mr. Stark said patting Steve's chest. "That would be you sleeping in. Not much I could trick you into to doing."
“I thought you died.” Bucky answered. Clint stilled. “You and the cubs. I don’t know if I would have recovered.”
“We could leave. No need to worry about Obadiah Stane, Thor, Captain Rodgers. Clint and Bucky will be alright they have their own pack growing in his belly.”
"Yes?"
Tony pointed at him. “That sounds about right.”
Natasha stiffened. “Your pack tell you that?”
“Our friends,” Bruce said. “Have been suspiciously close to the workshop.”
Steve felt the air leave his lungs. Tony's request to hide was becoming a necessity. He thought of the deep red mark on his neck that refused to fade despite everyone's insistence that his mate was dead and the way he looked warily at Bucky and Clint when they were intimate with each other. Steve sighed slipping Dummy's covered page off his slat of wood and setting a new one up. Dummy was snapping his claw at Jarvis who was still attempting to pick him up. Just like that Steve began to draw.
“Good.” Tony said standing up and stepping over the puddle of gore that had once been Stane. “After you,” he gestured opening the tent flap. The monster nodded and stomped out. Tony covered his chest. He wondered how many times they would meet before Tony stopped having heart attacks from seeing it.
Clint froze. "I-I--" he swallowed. "I don't know I caught, Mr. Barnes scent and I just..."
“Never call me Anthony again and we have a deal.”
“How mad?” Bucky asked rubbing noses.
Tony smelled Steve before he heard him lean against the couch. “Did you tell them something,” Tony muttered.
“Good morrow, Lieutenant Barnes,” Steve greeted shutting the door behind him. Bucky just continued to stare at the sheets with a frown. Steve waited for him.
“I was just waiting for the king to give birth.” Steve said. “Thank goodness their child was an alpha or I would have been king until his mistress could impregnate him again.”
“The military never left you did it?” Tony said darkly.
Thor gave an experimental thrust and, yes those were his heavy balls brushing against Bruce's ass.
"Isn't he--?"
“He’s a doctor,” Tony snapped. Bruce pressed alcohol against the open wound and Tony hissed.
Tony shook off his fur and flicked his wristlet creating the gun. "Who," his voice was still touched by the change and ground like gravel.
"Should I prepare for something ugly."
“So how long were you going to keep Barton’s secret?” Steve said.
Tony’s eyes were watery. “Okay.” He breathed. “I’m sorry.”
Thor and Steve had the same look of outright suspicion between them when Tony looked up when they didn’t answer. He had a memory skim the edge of his mind, of a hand coming down and how to avoid such a thing happening to him. Tony shrugged and drank the rest of his wine. “Thor you must know of his mood swings,” acknowledge, “given that you spend so much time together,” compliment. “Are you sure there aren’t any stories you have that might catch our interest?” divert.
“At least we’ll be able to enjoy each other’s company while you’re here.” He said smiling at his work.
“Stark.” Steve coughed.
Jarvis body ticked and his head was bowed down in thought.
Steve opened the door. Two state Marshall’s stood on the porch looking curiously at the scarred pieces of wood that hadn’t been damaged enough to pull away given the time constraint of winter.
Clint could feel Bucky smile against his shoulder. Clint placed Bucky’s hand over his belly where he knew the alpha wanted it and left his palm there. He closed his eyes the hurt still knifing through him just the barest hints of alleviated. Bucky’s head nuzzled deeper his hair falling over Clint’s shoulder tickling him.
Bucky looked up and set down his tools. “Lord Stark.”
“Well it hurt!” Clint shouted. The air grew silent and Clint realized how exposed they were to the other students milling about. Bucky crossed his arms immediately going on the offensive. Clint rolled his eyes and walked away. It wasn’t like he didn’t have things to plan.
"No, perhaps not but it will alleviate some of his worries."
“Why do you have to be a standoffish bitch every time I ask a question?”
Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve and it took his breath away. Steve tugged Tony gently over and finally forced himself to look at the bite. It was caked and disgusting from when Tony had reopened the wound. Steve wrapped a hand around the wound as if he were stemming the flow of blood. The guilt stabbed through him.
“Thanks. You didn’t even have to answer.” Clint grumbled grabbing his jacket and walking away.
Bruce crossed his arms and frowned. "I thought it was obvious."
“The student is presumed injured.” Thor continued.
Tony was still in bed head down staring at the eightieth episode of Parks and Rec he’s seen. He felt better but he was bored and tired and scared. He might have been drooling. He missed being in class and staring at Rodgers, or sending notes to Bruce, or editing text books with his theories or accurate depictions of the USA. Instead he was stuck in bed waiting for his week to be done with so he could limp from class to class.
“You’re speaking to Captain Steven Rodgers,” Steve said flipping the paper over.
"Do you smell that?" Tony asked tucking a toe behind Steve's knee. He delighted when the man stumbled.
Thor guided the monster onto a seat by the fireplace that was little more than a pile of left over pillows.
Steve entered him swiftly the need was to great. They had been support structures for too long and the necessity of fortifying themselves was too great. The pace was rough and desperate. How had they gone on for so long with out this? Tony arched into the movements his hands on Steve’s face unable to look away from the other man’s pleasure. Steve’s eyes were closed too lost in the sensation of Tony’s heat and body and willingness.
“The steam carriage is just around the corner and the stable seemed to be untouched by the fire.” Steve said from Clint’s left.
“I am the best warrior in Asgard, second only to my sister the Queen—”
“You're much heavier than before.” Thor said setting him down finally and looking concerned.
“You distract me with food, my friend.”
“That we did, Mr. Wilson.” Tony answered. “But work is to be done and I’m certain I can convince Bruce to make us pie.”
“You can kill him once you’ve made sure Clint and his babies are okay first, alright?”
Clint grinned down at him. “Fuck yeah, I’m a millionaire baby.”
Bruce paused before patting his hand. "Then it’s a good thing you picked up a fellow doctor isn't it."
“If we shut down then we don’t have set times and places where they can find us alone.” Natasha argued.
“I'm very close to being done quickening.” Bruce said with defeat. He had given up two months ago when he had to yell for Tony to help him out of bed. That had been his defeat and the acknowledgement that he was very very pregnant.
“You ask too much for a first meeting.”
Thor then stood up and began to pace. “You plan on using my title.”
“I know you two are close.”
“W-would you like something to drink?” He asked eyes cast down the very picture of demure omega.
"I think it would be for the best that no one else be called such a thing."
Tony took just a little too long to answer her. “No. I’ve got Jamba Juice.”
“It seems that it is time to leave my mark and, with any luck, keep you here,” Steve said. “While you are not my property, I would hope that you would at least fight to stay here. Let me fight to keep you here, with…our pack.”
Tony shrugged. Natasha stayed were she was but pulled out her phone and called up both Clint and Bruce.
"I object on account of the sand getting in my joints, sir." Jarvis said and hopped up on top taking the wheel.
“You murdered Justin Hammer?” Bucky snarled. “You brought this here.”
“I’d give you anything.” Bucky said brushing noses with him.
Tony held up the child like metal skull and sighed. “How would you diagnose yourself?”
“Stop right there Stark,” Steve Rogers head senior prefect said. His face had that dry unamused look that Tony wanted to kiss off.
“How’s he doing,” Sam asked picking at a dandelion.
“That’s why I worry about you. That’s why the wounds need to be patched, the bodies fed and rested and whole before we set off again. If you’re falling apart and bleeding out so is everyone else.”
Steve turned back to him. Tony didn’t remove his hand from his neck to reach out knowing already that it was stuck to his neck from blood.
"What do you mean?"
Steve and Sam backed him against a wall.
“Yeah, I just have to fight the pervy, creepy, economics TA…” Tony muttered.
Steve scooted forward pushing between Tony’s spread legs. “Oh, I never expected it to be that easy.”
“Again.”
Bucky laughed and pulled out a pair of pants starting the arduous process of putting them on one handed. "Think of it logically, Steven. This place is large enough to house both our pack and Starks pack plus some. I'm not planning on leaving without Clint and neither is Nat. Sam’s not leaving without her. Clint's not leaving. You'd be wandering with just Thor and he'd leave you for a pretty flower."
The taller one gave a very scathing look to his partner. He turned to Steve who was resolutely not looking at him.
“The worst part is how many times you have to pee a day,” Clint said shaking himself. “The weight, the aches, the swollen ankles, nothing compared to having to pull yourself up to go pee.”
“Since, we are officially a pack, no more pack hunting for us little omegas.”
"I want you," He said his voice near demanding. "Right now."
"Very well, Mr. Stark. I shall inform Lord Thor at once."
“As did Natasha.”
Bucky flinched. "I'm-"
“Nat?”
"You listen to Stark just the same."
The three stood outside a large two-story house next to a ‘For Sale’ sign a good day’s ride out from the nearest town and nearly a fortnight since they headed out together.
“Time and place, Clint.” Bucky sighed.
"Fine. My question has been answered." Bruce growled.
With love,
Steve looked at him sadly. “That’s all I have to say?”
"Hello? I was told I would find a Lord Stark here."
“Tony.” Natasha said slumping down on the bed next to him. “If I’m correct this is about three million dollars stolen from our peers and teachers.”
Tony cut off his apology. "Take them to the inn and we'll talk about this later."
“What changed,” Steve said leaning in. “Was the innate respect my pack had in him. I trust your judgement, and believe Mr. Stark a good, while raunchy, man. It also helps that we rolled around skin to skin and nose to fur last night in a game of chase I could not have won if he hadn’t seceded.”
"Perhaps."
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “I know the summer parties aren’t for your enjoyment because I’ve gone to a few and you’re never there.”
“Oh, no…” Clint mourned. “They burned it.”
Bruce shrugged the accusation off and turned to look inside his backpack. “No, I’m just really clumsy, that’s all.”
Thor shifted. Always restless. “Are you in danger if you tell me something?”
“Yes.”
“I’m going to clean your wound first.” Steve said slowing down. He didn’t have any intel and that was the most concerning part of progressing forward.
“I haven’t missed a shot since.” Clint finished his words floating into the night.
“I suppose.” Thor was quiet for a long moment and Bruce closed his eyes once again expanding his awareness to the shirt sticking to his skin and the slow rivulets of water falling from his hair.
Steve looked down at his lips and back up to his bright brown eyes. Tony nodded, and Steve took what was given delving into him. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders and dragged him in. Steve hands roved down Tony’s back and gripped his ass. Tony pulled away to jump and wrap his legs around Steve’s waist. He gave Steve a wicked smile. Steve smiled back and gripped his thighs holding him up.
Clint had climbed out the window and was idling across the ledges when a phantom hand grabbed him and pulled him into a second story room. He courageously screamed at the moment and rolled several times away.
“What brings you here my friend?” Tony asked polishing the metal with a ash blackened cloth.
Steve swallowed. “I do.”
“Go,” Tony slurred. “I think I need the hospital.”
“Idiot,” four of the seven said out of sync.
“Most likely we”ll have to leave for a long time to fill out so much paperwork my eyes will begin to bleed.”
“They are my wrong doings—”
Bruce’s eyes went hazy and he must have not dressed because Thor was in his space again. The alpha tucked his nose into Bruce’s neck, his wet hair dripping onto Bruce’s shoulder.
“Bruce,” Tony said timidly. Bruce wasn’t looking at him his fist clenching too tightly. “Bruce,” he tried again more forcefully. Bruce looked him in the eye. It wasn’t Bruce’s eyes. Tony remembered the green over the smell of freshly spilt blood.
"Good, now I can kill him for vomiting all over my good work boots."
“I’m feeling a connection between your daddy issues, the fight ring everyone knows about but no one talks about and you.”
Bruce couldn’t look at them and felt an embarrassing shake in his chin. There was too much happening to many lights and he wanted pain and a scream was building in his throat. Some how through all that he was able to speak.
Bruce waited. Tony reached down and pulled out a pair of dirty pants and a shirt.
"A weapon made from your blood and enchanted because of the magic that sings in it and sealed together with my runes." He whispered. "Perfection."
Clint shivered feeling Bucky's eyes on him as he led them home. He was carrying some of their bags and Captain had grabbed the rest and dressed.
Tony couldn't help but grin. "Jarvis what do you think?"
“You don’t need to finish,” Steve said. “Would you like dinner?”
“I thought you were staying the night.”
Natasha gripped his neck and then let go. “Okay.” She was gone.
“Gods,” Tony breathed when Steve dropped him on the bed. He pulled off his shirt and was struggling out of his pants when Steve’s warmth wrapped around him once again. Steve was shaking with need as he ripped off the rest of Tony’s pants and they were on each other’s lips taking more than there could possibly be there to give.
“In broad daylight.” Bucky said.
Stane turned horrified. He really didn’t think the creature was going to come back. Tony couldn’t help but smile a bit.
There was a lot of rain now. Bruce should move. He was getting wet. He didn’t bring his backpack out given it was a Saturday morning… Maybe he should move. He closed his eyes. The rain felt good. He could feel his lips pulling into a neutral smile. Acid rain be damned.
Bucky looked over his eyes scanning their hastily discarded clothes.
“Let’s not bring state law enforcers and lawyers into this situation.” Steve said. “There’s going to be blood and it’s best no one looks too closely if there are survivors.”
“But…” Bruce glanced at Thor and back.
Bucky sat down still bouncing the kid looking sullen.
“I don’t know, but now we have a very long list—”
“Yes.”
Thor scooted closer. His large muscled body from all those hours playing baseball and wrestling released heat the same way gamma radiation did. Bruce swayed toward him. The air was becoming colder but he was a Minnesota boy and it would have to get a lot colder for him to actually be troubled.
Tony nudged his foot against Steve's leg. "Oh, honorable angel."
He walked past Steve. “I found my book.”
Bucky smiled teeth still tinged with crimson. "Mate."
That was all that was needed. Steve and him picked up the shovels and Bruce laid an apple in the hole. The dirt hit the small coffin with a sharp thud that rang through Tonys body bunching up his muscles and making his stomach clench in nausea. Dummy had faced the snow as light as it was to use his claw to help them burry Jarvis. When Tony noticed him he had to stop and hand his shovel to Bruce to finish. The energy drained out of him and he dropped to his knees to watch the first bury the last.
“That’s fantastic!” Tony cheered. Steve nodded and bit his lip. They continued walking in silence.
"It's alright," Tony said extricating his arm from under Steve. They sat in silence Tony hoped the Captain followed in his footsteps and just let the nightmare go.
“Now that I think of it neither do I.”
This silence came once again for just a moment before Clint made a grunting sound. Suddenly everyone was on edge.
"Who's blood runs Jarvis?"
could cover that shit up.”
Tony blinked and Bucky saw for the first time the man smile with his whole face and body. “Of course.”
“He had a roll of quarters in his fist.” Tonys ribs hurt. “Go. Keep Bruce safe.”
Tony crumpled he felt the frog choke him and the pond well up and flood over and out. Steve wrapped him up in his arms and gently rocked him. Tony fell asleep there in his arms and Steve took the time to walk them to the cot in the corner of the room and lay them down. Tony breathed against his collar evenly and just when Steve thought that sleep wouldn’t take him, he fell into the sweet relief of unconsciousness.
The auction was set up relatively easily and people wandered in late. Which was the usual. Tony and the others sat on their stage which was just a lot of mats stacked up on top of each other stolen from the sports storage room. Clint was lazily doing flips. Bruce was reading Hawkins. Natasha was tossing a ball up and down in the air and Tony was rolling his ankle for the first time in a week.
Bastard. Steve pulled a strained smile. "That's great. I think you should proceed cautiously given that Doctor Banner appears skittish." Steve said. He started walking towards Natasha and Sam's room only to see that they were headed downstairs.
“We’re close, then.” Steve said gently pulling onto Tony’s arm to drag him back from his mind. His eyes cleared and he blinked at the two alphas.
Bruce choked on an incredulous laugh. "Is that so?"
Bruce leaned over Steve to whisper to Thor. “I don’t think he’s allowed to curse that much.”
Bruce sat down and stared at the room tables and chairs a deep roan and the walls a pleasant peach color. The bar was a bright oak and the door leading to the kitchen the same.
“Wait! Stop!” Bruce shouted finally getting a hold of himself. “I have a needle and proper medical equipment give me five minutes.”
"Nonsense, absolute nonsense."
"I'm well aware of that as of right the fuck now."
Steve flushed. There had been too much talk of sex this morning and Steve was quite done with it. He headed to the mess hall. "Colonel Romanoff would be better suited for such discussion, Lord Thor."
“I’m aware.”
Steve closed the back door behind him. The kitchen smelled of the start of dinner and he sat himself at the table.
Bucky stood up his tools falling to the ground with a clatter. “Really? This is great I’ve got the unwilling approval of the man Clint trusts most.”
Tony expertly flicked rubber bands at the back of the neck of Tommy Ellens who had purposefully and angrily deadnamed Natasha earlier that day. It was a highly amusing activity during sixth period English. They were reading Hamlet and Tony had already written his essay for the end of the course material this morning when he woke up at three a.m. and wandered into the library as was his usual habit.
Natasha and Tony shared a look. “And Tommy Ellens.”
“Nothing else to give?”
“I don’t like this.” Steve said.
“Are you?” Bruce asked realizing in the month since the birth Tony had some how created an large automaton.
“His other half was adamant on killing the bad man.” Tony conceded. “The beast is all basic instincts. Protect, Pack, and Eat. Nice fellow actually.”
don’t have to. That was the goal. That was my plan.”
"What? Too lithe for you?"
"I may not be Lord Stark, but I am Mr. Stark and you have indeed found me." Tony sighed pushing his clockwork aside.
Thor leaned back slapping his hands to his thighs. “I was just thinking of one when Lord Stark had asked. Steven was the unfortunate king of a small nation smashed between Rance and Pain, for three folds.”
“To keep all of us out of jail? Yes.”
Natasha’s eyes went from wide and distant to focused on him. “Bruce.”
"You know what you did, mischievous devil. You may play stupid to them but never to me." Steve snapped.
Bruce’s head tilted exposing his neck and submitting and his fist relaxed head bobbing back to earth. He picked up his fork and stabbed lackluster at his food. “Thanks,” he said finally.
"Have you even considered whether we're welcome here or not?"
"Yes," Tony said holding the door open for him.
"Frankly, I'm not sure I trust you, Mr. Stark."
Clint’s eyes hardened telling Tony all he needed to know. Tony’s grip tightened and Clint took his hand before they let go together.
“The world is wobbly.”
Clint's face softened and he took the baby off of Bucky's hands and opened his shirt to breast feed knowing by some cosmic force that it was time.
"I'd love to take you but let's just take a short walk." Bucky suggested thinking the house and away from public view of their packs.
"They may want us gone." Steve persisted.
"Excellent thinking, Dr. Banner." Jarvis said heavily. Tony tapped him roughly with his screw driver.
“Where are your toys?”
Bucky was extra affectionate today. It was hard to concentrate when he was holding his ass just that way and licking the top of his mouth and… Bucky broke away. Clint took a breath. He could talk Bucky into it. He was a spy. He was cool. Smooth. James Bond. Bucky began to kiss him again and any and all plans drifted.
"How are you, Lord Thor?" Bruce said his mouth moving before he could think. Thor's presence was incredibly inviting.
“I considered just taking Natasha and Sam but the court will want the mate of the omega left in the burning house and as much political overhaul we can use.”
“Like your old home?” Clint asked.
Stane grabbed his arms and Tony groaned. “I don’t think they care you little bitch.” Tony gasped as he was hauled over Stane’s shoulder.
Steve kisses his forehead then got out of bed leaving Tony cold. "I'm sorry to leave you but I must dress before we convene at the dining table."
The tavern they reached was extremely crowded. Tony was thankful they came in from the back because nothing was more suspicious than two men covered in blood walking through the front door of a heavily populated area. Tony locked Dummy in the carriage and Jarvis stayed with him playing up his role as slave boy and not automaton. Tony and Bruce spent a good hour bathing, while Tony babbled about pipes and creating a water system in a house so heating it over the fire wasn't necessary. So impractical. Let him fix it. They were all for staying in their room for the night until their stomachs got the better of them. Bruce groaned getting up for a meal. Tony, feeling rightfully twitchy, grabbed his wristlet and left their room telling him to lie in bed and rest. Bruce was snoring before Tony even closed the door.
“We can’t keep doing this.” She said pitching her voice to sound more effeminate. It was something she didn’t do unless it was just him or Clint or Bruce.
“That’s bull, Barnes, everyone and their mothers know you guys fuck behind the bleachers every chance you get,” Sam snapped.
Mate. He demanded.
The night Tony left he hadn’t really thought beyond his runes and the automatons. This was not a problem in the beginning. He would hunt and catch enough food and be fine just as a coyote could be. It was spring and their movement was done mostly at night. Then his hair began to lengthen and he realized he hand’t stood on tow legs in nearly a week. The lack of pack bonds he hand so easily severed crawled over him. Jarvis would speak but there were moments in which Tony could not hear the words. Tony led Jarvis in the steam wagon he’d stolen along with his other useless possessions towards a town. Tony stood on two legs his hair over grown and his facial hair threatening to over throw his face when another shoe dropped. He was an ‘unbound’ omega.
“It was cruel of me to bring you along. You’ve left war behind for comfort and I’ve given you my pain.”
“I’m six and twenty.”
Clint stopped and pushed a finger into Mr. Rogers chest. "I lost the closest thing to children the man may ever get in the forest. Of course, he's snappish. If you ever insult him again I'll kick your ass from here to the sea even pregnant."
“Whose dick is involved in this?” Sam asked tapping his chin.
“I have an idea I just can’t narrow it down.” Tony continued. He was the imposter. Everyone was fucked on this spaceship.
“You can’t hunt, either.”
“You have three friends.”
Sam’s figure drew closer and Tony found himself at a lost for words Steve’s burning eyes slowly scorching the side of his head. Sam shifted soundlessly a few yards away and ran up. Steve’s eyes shifted away, and Tony let out breath he did not know he was holding.
“Anything I can do for you Sir?”
Tony snorted. “My daddy beats me. So do half the other dads in this shit hole. That has nothing to do with me and a myth.”
Tony re-aimed for Mr. Angel.
Tony threw something at him, and the rest groaned. Clint took that as his sign to grab Jarvis from the stairwell and retreat to Tony’s workshop.
“Please be safe, regardless,” Bruce stressed finally entering the conversation.
"We don't have a range. I just shoot at the side of Tony's barn. Bruce painted targets." Clint added when Bucky raised an eyebrow.
Sam jogged up his face long and stature apologetic.
“When was the last time we touched each other,” Tony said eyes closed. The turkey sat heavy in his stomach and the beer had warmed him.
“Thank you,” Steve said standing up and guiding them to the front door. “Have an excellent harvest and safe travels.”
“You could throw it.” Clint suggested. “We’d still get ten perecent.”
Tony finished the house in three months instead of two without Clint's help. Worrying Bruce by staying up past the stars and into sunrise just to finish each room. Bruce was always right behind him painting and refurbishing the rooms he'd gotten to. Three trips into town was all it took to get the poultry and animals to maintain supply. Tony had also spent an extravagant amount of money to get them a sign that read Three Bitches Bar and Inn with a small picture of a blonde fox, a brown coyote and a large green wolf hovering behind them.
“It’s very dark,” Tony said as something brushed his shoulders. The next thing he knew he was being pulled up and over someone’s shoulders.
Tony opened the heavy wooden door and gestured Steve inside. “What does that have to do with my dad?”
Bruce leaned into them. “Here? Now?”
Clint played with an arrow between his hands. “It crumbled shortly after you left. We had a lot of traitors.”
Bruce did not realize the one item that kept him in celibacy was the good captain. Not even twelve hours after he sent him out to deliver food, did he find himself pinned between Thor’s thighs and the door of the kitchen. This was not the first nor the last time. Thor was very persistent when he wanted to be and now that they were effectively alone all the time…Bruce never had this much sex. Not even during his last heat over a decade ago.
“He needs his revenge.” Tony acknowledged. The beast retreated to the edges, but Tony could swear the color green tinted his cheeks despite how placid Bruce’s demeanor became.
“Marybeth is my spirit animal,” Natasha said with a wicked grin.
"What..."
"That would be more effective if you were clothed." Bruce said. He was putting his belongings back awkwardly around Dummy's still closed claw.
"Are you certain?" He asked his hips pushing against Bruce's ass with slow arching motions.
“We’re worried.” Steve said. No response not even a twitch.
"You should not have to wait long."
Clint walked out with Bucky while Thor began ruining their perfectly good yard again with his lightning.
A warm hand landed on his shoulder. “Come, you must get warm.”
Steve pushed himself up. “Okay.”
Bucky didn’t know. He wasn’t the idea man. “Steve will know what to do for us.”
"I'm surprised you wake so early." Bucky said.
Clint leaned into the gesture. “May the Lady bless us.”
“I will be in the workshop.” He said standing. He grabbed Dummy holding the freezing metal close to his heart and started walking in the direction. He heard no one follow him.
Hammer cupped his chin. “Okay.”
"No." Steve said. "Only what he wants me to know."
The four of them congregated in Natasha and Tony’s room after lights out. Clint had climbed through the window and Bruce had just set up his spare sleeping bag under Tony’s bed. He had a room with Jacob Williams and that kid was not only a light sleeper but also forgot often that he had a roommate. So a few blankets stuffed in the right place would fool him. Clint on the other hand had fucking Justin Hammer. That little pretentious fuck would not shut up and always needed Clint to be there to hear his theories on how he was going to finally beat Tony for valedictorian.
They laughed in his face with a playful bark then knocked behind a joint in Steve’s leg collapsing him onto the ground. Steve shook himself again. The coyote just bounced this way and that over him. Asking for play. Steve shifted back to skin and bone. He crouched. The coyote stopped dead. Steve grinned and tackled him. The other shifter wiggled and then became a man in his arms.
Tony came back from hammering the sign in place and helped Bruce finish painting the last room. Dusk set in and Tony spun slowly. Their tavern. Completed. They just needed people.
“You don’t understand.” Tony started.
Clint blinked and handed his baby to Natasha. “Bucky, hon, its fine.”
When he opened his mouth again, the carriage creaked forward and the whistling of steam in its engine covered his words. Tony laughed to himself with a hefty shake of his furred shoulders and then set off at a light jog. Jarvis followed swiftly behind him on the paved road.
“He’s in danger, Bruce. We need to go back. You need to help him.”
“What?”
Natasha did not look away, but Sam diverted his gaze. “He built Sam’s wings, my knives, he was half way to building Bucky an arm and he’s built every shield and weapon you might have ever touched. He did it behind his husband’s back and hid it from Obadiah Stane’s books. We owe him for that and more.”
"Yes."
“Tony,” Steve said softly. Tony turned away from Steve so he couldn’t see his face.
Thor smiled and turned to sit against the tree. Bruce slowly lowered with him and barely noticed the others walking off. He placed a comforting hand on Bruce’s head once Bruce had fully curled in on himself. “I’m sure he’s well and healthy. Stark is always ahead of us.”
Tony bumped his hand out of the way with a cold nose. He crawled out of the burrow and Steve got out of his way. To his surprise Tony stayed close to him as they walked back to the house. They were quiet Tony occasionally bumping into Steve’s knee. They went to the workshop and Tony shifted soundlessly and Dummy ran head first into his legs. He winced and gently patted his head. Steve leaned against a post and watched Tony check his children and get dressed. The air was frigid and Steve pushed away from the post and started up the urn. He cleaned up and piled some of Tony’s papers.
"What?"
He had to leave. He’d been here too long. Pack here! No go! The other snarled. This over everything else rang true. Tony. Here. Pack. Don’t leave. More death. Stay. Bruce took another breath. Clint could leave with Captain Rodgers’ pack. Yes. He leaves after the birth, they live off finding their own home. Bruce and Tony are left to run their blasphemous little tavern by themselves.
“Monster?” Bucky asked.
“Well, now you’ve lost your chance. Let’s go get some hot chocolate.”
"Hey that's--"
Sam looked at her like the world spun just so she could exist. “Yeah.” He had never heard or seen her laugh before.
The kitchen smelled of carrots and chicken. Bruce stirred the soup slowly adding yeast to thicken it. It had been two days since Tony started on his venture and two days of the Good Captain walking around the place and occasionally cleaning like a lost puppy. Two days of Bucky and Clint being heard fornicating any time of day or night and anywhere. Bruce was tired and weary and he missed his friend.
The pack stared at him but one by one shifted.
"He went out with Dummy and Clint," Bruce said calmly.
Bucky snatched his knife pack from around the coat rack. “I do not doubt you, my love.”
“Mate.” The monster stated. Thor nodded still patting the blood splattered arm.
“Finally awake,” Stane said. Tony stiffened. How long had he been asleep? He hadn’t wanted to but his body had hurt and Steve’s voice had been so worried and as soon as his eyes closed he was gone.
“My father had just beaten me bloody,” Clint said. Tony can feel Bruce tense against his legs and threads his fingers through the mans hair to calm him. “I was trying to hold back tears so my brother wouldn’t get angry,” Clint continued after a short pause. “They appeared and the Lady leaned down and brushed away my tears. The Father stood behind her looking amused. She pushed away my hair like my mother had done before I presented. She shushed me and placed her hands over my eyes. Then as one I heard, We take your tears for our eyes.” Clint was quiet for a long time. The crickets clicked in the distance and Tony listened to his own breathing his head still tilted over Clint’s.
Steve felt Tony’s forehead. It was so cold and clammy. He slapped his face trying to get him to wake up. His eyes fluttered open.
Thor picked up Bruce and threw him over his shoulder. “Thank you, Bruce of Banner.” The two went up stairs very loudly.
“We all shall miss him but you will not bring ruin upon our house in your grief.”
Steve slept on the cold hard ground with Thor wrapped around him to keep the early spring blizzard off his form. Thor was, to Steve's knowledge, indestructible. He snored loudly into Steve’s ear barely even noticing the storm. Steve stirred. Something had awakened his consciousness. There was the faintest flap of large wings. Steve’s ears flicked. Thor burrowed further into him trying to shush the overly wary alpha. Steve shrugged him off. There were two other sounds of the sound of soft paws near silent on the forest floor. Steve picked himself up haunches drawn. What could possibly coming for him?
"Do you need to rest?" Steve stopped looking overtly concerned.
“They tried to burn down our home with a pregnant omega inside.” Steve said.
Tony rounded the desk and pulled Bruce into his side leading him to the door. "If an alpha rejects you for that reason alone may the Father strike him with lightning. But otherwise I'd say that your decision is made. Go. Look after your pies and do bring me a slice."
Bucky wrapped his arm around Clint's waist touching as much as his belly as he could and kissed his neck. "I do not worry about such things. They are them and we are we. We are staying here. I am staying here. I follow your words no others."
Clint brushes by him to give him a kiss and that's when Tony's entire world narrowed to a point on Clint's neck. Oh. No. Oh no.
“How can you possibly know that?” Tony said being sat down.
Bruce didn’t want to say that he never lost a fight. Cause he didn’t. Tony called him a little sociopath and given how many kids he’s sent to the hospital Bruce is under the impression that he might be right. “It’s fine, Thor. I’m not in any danger.”
Tony walked into the warehouse just after dusk while the pack entered the ruined house. It was much worse for wear than the house full holes and crumpled support beam. His materials were still fine. He sighed. He should have known. He worked with fire and metal and burned building is something that won’t break his art. With that he set down the bag holding his automatons and began his work. He set Jarvis sitting up and began to rebuild Dummy’s wheels.
"Thank you for your assistance," he said holding out a hand. "Where is your leader?"
“Do you have more information?” She said closing her book.
Steve laid down on the cool grass. “He’d have to take me on a date and become a senator first.”
Tony nodded. “I can work with that fixing my own rune’s into the metal and then,” he mumbled for a few moments. “Give me your blood then.”
“We had been sleeping together for months, that warrants a goodbye.” Clint muttered.
“Means I’ve done something right.” Tony said looking flirtatiously under his eye lashes.
Epilogue
Bruce’s arm stopped. He got it. Was he the one screaming? Bruce let go of Blonsky’s hair. He spat on the floor next to the other boy. Blonsky was still screaming information. Bruce couldn’t really hear him. He checked his surroundings. There were a lot of scared kids. Fisk was holding a bleeding arm to his chest. Bruce spat again. He couldn’t see through one eye. He touched his forehead and felt the viscousness of blood.
“That’s why this morning—”
“My shift ended.” Steve checked his watch. “Thirty-seconds ago, so I’m free.”
"Mate." Clint panted licking the blood off of Bucky's lips.
Bruce lifted his head to kiss Thor. The other man met him half way his fingers pulling up with the motion and causing a startled moan from Bruce. Thor licked into his mouth and Bruce opened up allowing him to explore and map out what he wanted.
Tony watched it all feeling almost disconnected from his body. This was his in a way he understood to the coyote singing through his veins. Bruce handed him a bowl and began talking about plant cross breeding and he was wrapped half mindedly into a conversation grounding him to the rest. His other half was thinking about how to keep these few. Bucky he could do without but Natasha, Sam… If they were able to submit he’d be able to make a good back. They’d be safer with Natasha and Sam and Thor. Good food and hearty company would help. Captain Rodger’s staying was key. They had left Clint for the man, why ever they chose so Tony couldn’t see. Wooing them to stay would not be hard as long as Captain Rodger’s was there. Tony turned to Bruce and asked him to bring out the pies. He briefly touched Clint’s neck and stood up. To his surprise three of the four alphas tilted their necks to the side in acknowledgement. Fucking Bucky. Tony smiled.
"That was the intent." Tony said gesturing with a piece of cheese.
Tony dropped something and grumbled. Jarvis let out a beleaguered sigh and tinkered away. Steve nearly ran into it.
Tony laughed. Steve did too. Whether it had a slight hysterical edge to it did not matter because it felt like pure joy.
“Nice place you have here, Tony. Quaint. So…unlike you. I assumed you liked our opulence.” Stane said.
The room sat heavy around them and Tony picked up the head once more this time gently cupping it in his hands. He smiled.
Tony laid on the ground while Dummy whirred around him worriedly. He needed a drink. There wasn’t one in his workshop, an oversight he will be soon to fix but his office was right there. Tony stood up. Dummy straightened looking up at him dolefully with his claw. He walked towards the office window and opened it slightly climbing in swiftly. Dummy clanked against the outer wall and his tires whirled anxiously. Tony shooed him off towards the work shop. Dummy followed his orders but looked back sadly tripping every so often because he wasn’t watching where he was going. Tony shook his head once he saw the farm doors open for the small automaton.
Tony’s fingers flexed against the base of his skull. “No. You aren’t. When we get back the closest you’re going to be to a slaughter like that is a metaphorical one in a court once the Marshalls’ find those bodies.”
“Good,” Clint said against his lips. The kiss was slow and sweet Clint wrapping a hand around Bucky’s neck to keep him there. Bucky broke apart just to kiss down Clint’s jaw and nose at his throat once again. Clint turned and pressed his body against him. Bucky groaned against his mouth and his hands reached up tentatively to feel his belly and the children in his womb. Clint pushed further into him, only to pull their lips apart.
It had been six total months away and they were haggard with exhaustion as they ran the last gap home as wolves. Their packs hit them harshly against their sides but they could not stop. Would not. Home. It sang through their blood and pounded with in their bonds. Home.
Thor laughed and lifted the bag off of Bruce’s shoulders easily. “I am too.” He shouldered Bruce’s backpack and they walked into the dining hall which was serving tacos.
Natasha calmly tied the bills all together. “We’re so close.”
He stared at it all the way back to the house.
“We have more pressing matters. Our home is burning, Clint is unconscious, and…”
Bruce hips ground against the fingers pulling and stretching. "I know my body."
Thor whined his big golden body hunching in on itself. Clint’s eyes found the bright blaze slowly dying.
“What are the starting bets,” Bruce asked. He was the teller whenever Tony was fighting. “three hundred on Nat and one hundred on me. There’s eight hundred on Tommy and twelve hundred on Obadiah.”
Tony saw Steve on the grass his head bowed over the stray piece of wood and paper looking up intermittently where Dummy and Jarvis were playing in the grass. It hit him then like a knife sliding through his gut the sudden urgent want of that domesticity. He could see it so easily a gentle alpha watching the pups play while Tony worked in his smithy. Gods.
“Bruce, its raining!”
Tony curled further into himself. “You guys wouldn’t hang out with me.” He said quietly.
Steve didn't know what to say. The riddle felt ominous and heavy. "I," he started, "I can do that for you."
“Idiots.” Natasha said laughing.
“No, backflipping out of this, Clinton Francis Barton. I’ll hold you to your word.” Bucky said. He turned his back to Clint and called over his shoulder. “Tell Lord Stark that I like what he did with Dummy.”
"Look!" He shouted kicking open the swinging front door. Clint tried to stand up but flailed a bit before giving up and using the chair arms to push himself out it's clutches. Bruce slunk out of the restaurant a patch of paint covering his arm.
“We mate and you won’t ever be without me.” Thor explained.
"But I won't join your pack."
Steve looked at him his lithe toned body goosefleshed from the late autumn air.
"Among other things." Bruce sighed his eyes closing behind his spectacles. He listed where he stood holding up the water tin. Tony steadied him with a hand. He held on longer than necessary. Bruce was still seeking a pack. Of course. Why wouldn't he? People go mad without packs. Or they realize two omegas can create a pack. A good one at that. Tony shook out his pail rougher than necessary. A damn fine pack they were.
“He’s about two days away but he met up with the rest of his pack so he’ll be there for awhile,” Sam said.
"Who are they?"
“Do it,” Clint and Bucky said simultaneously.
"I thought you'd help."
“He’s not mad.”
Clint immediately spit his out with a shout of "Hot!" Tony choked on his whiskey in laughter sputtering and coughing for air. Bruce just laughed outright.
"Things are unstable and you want to mate?"
"Horrifying was the word you needed, Sir."
Bucky had barely gotten any rest. Clint was breathing harshly occasionally coughing the entire night. The rest of the pack was restless, and it was honestly a relief that part of the plan meant leaving them behind. Bucky was shattered, Clint had been so pale and for those few extended heartbeats when he thought that he was dead… Bucky’s hand clenched at Clint’s soot covered shirt. Clint stirred at the sudden tension in Bucky’s arm. Clint smiled at him. Bucky kissed his nose. Clint wrinkled the offending appendage.
“How so?”
“Wake up, frightful devil.” He whispered.
Tony glared. “I’ll leave them.”
“Shut the fuck up, Cross,” one of the bodies grumbled. “That might’ve actually killed him.”
"Far along in what?" Clint asked sitting up again.
"I see," Steve said. "Where would Mr. Stark be then, maybe I can sway his opinion."
Bucky turned and crouched in front of the two whole babies and let them crawl to him gripping his fur and relearning their fathers smell. He licked and played with them and Natasha covered her mouth.
Tony cupped his face. “That’s fantastic. I’ll let the other’s take a shower before me.”
"And so? I was in a militia. Do you not think-?" Clint's clenched his fists and walked out of the room roughly pulling off his clothes. "It's because I didn't need a pack. Because I'm an omega or whatever thoughts plagued you about what war would do to me." He sat down heavily ripping off his shoes. "It's the heats and the lack of control. No. I know why. I do. It's not the Captain. Never him." He threw a shoe at Bucky's head in the archway. "It comes back to you and the Wilsons leaving me. Note or no." Clint shifted and kicked off his pants. He hissed at nothing his claws digging into the wood flooring. Then he was off and into the woods. Bucky wound up his fist and punched a wall. He threw off his clothes, his skin rippling into fur and began the hunt.
"I am made of steel and titanium, sir, not much could break me." Jarvis answered and continued with Clint.
Tony pointed at him. "Don't you dare."
“Bruce, kill him.” Tony gasped out.
Steve leaned over him his chest resting against Tony’s and their fingers over lapping where he’d set them on either side. “I would very much like to kiss you, Mr. Stark.”
Steve turned to Tony now that the pack had settled with the news over all. Tony swallowed. “Come,” he said. “I have something to show you.”
Steve peeked over them and saw two babes face pinched red and furious but babes all the same.
Steve kissed him again. “It can wait until tomorrow.”
Tony didn’t answer. “I have a simple plan, but from what Sam told us…he’s furious.”
“Wednesday, if this about getting your dress dirty, then you shouldn't go running about in it throwing mud at Dummy.” Tony called once he heard the door creak and let them in.
Now Sam and Natasha turned to Bucky. “We need a leader.”
Stane wiped his mouth and Tony supposed he was going to say something important, but it never made past his lips. Steve had him pinned to the ground between one second and the next. Stane laughed.
Bruce laid his head on his knees and let the rain patter against his face. “You don’t?”
“Clint, Bucky check,” Natasha asked.
Tony’s hand shook over Thor’s arm. It must be a testament to how much he trusted Bruce that he rolled his eyes and set down the knife. “I shall sketch then before the images leave me.” Tony muttered his hands skimming over paper until it found charcoal and a blank page.
“You surely do not mean this, not an hour ago we were making love.”
“You’d have to split the arrow to do such a thing. I don’t think that’s possible.” Bucky said standing beside him.
“Whatever do you mean?”
“You’re not useless.” Bucky said reading the tension in his jaw and the hurt in his eyes.
“Bucky, Thor and I will leave next morn for the court to discuss the dismemberment of the Hammer and Stane pack.” Steve said succinctly.
Steve didn't know what to do with that and left out the back door.
“Here, here.”
“Thor, I threw you through a solid wall.”
“Good choice.”
“Oh, for the Father’s sweet brood, now?” Tony moaned.
“I heard Hammer talking with Stane about how unmanageable Blonsky was in the hallway this morning.” Thor continued unaware of all the eyes on him folding a paper airplane. “Cross told me that he was about to go on an adventure.”
"You're not a scientist?"
The man blinked surprised then his face closed off and he gestured for Steve to follow him. When they reached his office, Tony sat on his desk facing Steve and pulled out a scrap of paper.
"Sir," Jarvis said. The pack of bandits as a whole stopped. Tony turned and the large mass of wolf easily the size of the carriage tore a bandit in two halves, one half in his teeth the other in his mangled and clawed hands. Tony darted under the carriage and hid. Jarvis would live. He knew to play dead when danger was involved. People rarely desecrate the dead. Monsters were another story. Fuck. Where’s Dummy? Tony twitched his ears listening to the little creatures’ wheels and... clanking in the carriage, shaking it side to side. Thank the Lady for small miracles.
“I have the money,” Tony replied easily. The man nodded thinking.
Natasha was also at the front of the line. She rarely fell down mental rabbit holes that badly. Must be the stress. She sighed and swiped her food card twice and continued out with her trays.
is though. I like the never-ending sense of foreboding.”
"You smell odd and that's why people avoid us on the road." Tony exclaimed pointing at Bruce. Bruce jerked back shocked. It was the dead of night and they were snuggled together under the stars. The fire was close, and Jarvis was stoking it his little clockwork head ticking from side to side. Dummy rocked himself sleepily back and forth. Bruce said nothing but stared at Tony's manic grin.
Silence.
“Bucky! Babe!” Clint yelled dropping to his knees.
Tony relaxed incrementally. "One of the best automaton builders in Wakanda made them. I should hope they would have a mind of their own."
“I was expecting you to be more welcoming to my staying.”
"I am very aware of your wrath, my dear." Bucky said. "That is why I hid it. Too well I suppose."
Tony leaned in a cold stone weighing on his chest but not enough to snuff out his intrigue.
"The smell of sweat?" Steve said turning on the bottom step to face him.
“I feel as though there is something you and the other’s are not telling me about your missing fourth.”
“Yeah,” Tony said starting his pity pats again. “Chomper just for you.”
Tony shrugged and shifted to avoid answering. Then he was darting away towards the inn. Steve sighed and shifted to run home.
