Not used to Tony being serious, it took Steve a second to process the words and the quiet sincerity behind them. He blinked and then found a smile that warmed him up from the inside out. “I’m grateful you’re here. I’m grateful we’re getting a chance.” He was even grateful that he still had Bucky, even if the man was hurt and broken and had a long way to go before he would recover even in part. Glancing around at the apartment, he shrugged. “It’s going to be interesting. It’s still new. We just got set up, and… well, it’s new.” Given Bucky’s tentative mental state, Steve had no idea what it would be like sharing a space - even if it wasn’t so much sharing a whole space as having a common area with their own separate bedrooms and bathrooms. “Haven’t roomed with anybody since Buck and I were kids. Of course, then it really was rooming together. No suites, no privacy.”
Scott smiled and then glanced over to Fury, who was on his own way out of the room. He had no idea how Fury might react since he had no idea what Fury thought about much of anything. He'd more or less hired himself onto the team.
"D-don't stop on my account," Scott stammered. He could only sink into the couch at first. His body refused to do anything at all but enjoy how it felt to have Logan inside him once and for all, to feel his lover going deeper with each passing moment. Scott recovered at last and lifted his legs to wrap around Logan's hips. "Ohhh, fuck I love that feeling." Nothing he'd ever felt quite compared to those first seconds of burning pleasure when Logan bottomed out inside him. "I think we need to schedule a standing meeting to do this every single day."
Scott tensed at the contact despite it being irrational to see the moment as anything but Steve trying to persuade Logan.
Logan snapped at the bartender in Japanese, and the man hurriedly moved away. "You've had enough, Stark. Enjoy some water," he said as the prescribed solution was put in front of Tony. "If I had a brother, he'd've come lookin' for me by now, don'tcha think?" When Tony grinned, shook his head and opened his mouth to answer, Logan held up a hand to silence him. "You're gonna piss me off if you keep talkin', and I'd hate to have to force-feed you a knuckle sandwich in front o' all these nice folks in here."
Logan was about to growl at Stark to move it or lose it all when the man shifted back to rub his ass against Logan's cock. //Like that, is it?// Instinct easily overrode any higher emotions, and Logan placed steadying hands on Tony's waist.
"Barton!" Phil reached out, grabbing Clint's shoulder and spinning him before he could unravel any further. He made sure the other man was looking straight at him. "We're going to get them back. Right now, there's still work to do. Summers, keep tech on the video feeds. We need to know if there's another end on that rainbow. The flash was blinding on this end."
"Only a few? Now I know you're not up to the challenge,” Natasha answered sweetly. “Besides, being on top is something you earn."
Steve sighed as he started plating up dinner. “I will be, but if something’s going to happen, I’d rather be the one here. I can handle it better than just about anybody else.” Of course, Coulson had handled himself just fine, but Steve wasn’t really looking to get Tony worried all over again by describing the incident in detail. If Coulson wanted to disclose anything, he could do that on his own. Steve set Tony’s plate down with a bright smile and took the closest seat. “Like you said, I can look after myself. I’ll be just fine, Tony. Honestly.” For a moment, he slid a hand over Tony’s, his heart fluttering at the casual contact, “Thank you for worrying, though.”
The timing was apparently okay because Natasha felt good enough to surge forward and grab Steve's arms, guiding him over to the bunk when his knees buckled. "Breathe," she instructed calmly, her eyes never leaving his. "Breathe."
"It's Loki."
Coulson chuckled. "There's plenty of ulcers to go around. You're in good company... and while I certainly don't want to speak for Captain Rogers, I'm sure we'd all love to make use of your skills when you're up to it."
"Fishing's alright," Clint agreed. "As long as there are fish biting. Shooting a pig in the eye is kinda fun when I can pretend it's Loki, though," he added, an odd glint in his eye. It had been rather satisfying watching an arrow blow up in Loki's smug face, but it still hadn't been as satisfying as watching said arrow go through the god's skull would have been. Returning from his reverie, he tilted his head at Coulson. "Maybe we should go camping together sometime. I know a good place for fishing."
"I said it was my place to get away. Maybe I wasn't sure I wanted to get away with you yet," Phil countered, though his smile said that it was mostly a joke. "Honestly, I guess I never thought sitting around chatting in a coffee shop with your handler would be on your to do list." Most of the time Clint spent his time haunting rough bars or staying in with Natasha from what Phil could tell. "You'd think I would have learned by now that making assumptions is a stupid thing to do."
The extra heat and the moisture let Steve stroke just a bit faster, and he came seconds later. The water washed away the evidence quickly enough. Shaking and boneless, Steve sagged against Tony. Instead of mauling his lover's neck, he began kissing the same spots, gentle and soothing as his breathing slowed to a normal pace. "Promise I'll do a better job of that later. After we both sleep." Still shaky, Steve drew away and grabbed a loofah and some soap to get them both decent. The last thing he wanted was to let Tony go, but it would be worth it to stop smelling like gym socks. The idea of curling up in bed with a damp, clean Tony at his side was more than enough. "I slept here, y'know. Pepper stayed with me the first night."
"And humble, too," Clint remarked, though he had to smirk a little at the other man's confidence. And why the hell not? Phil might've been a suit, but he was sure as hell a good looking one. "But I guess the cellists dig that sort of manly asshole bravado, huh?" He hadn't stopped to think that Phil hadn't mentioned said musician in a long while.
Clint started to reflexively deny that he didn't worry about what Nat wanted, then remembered that Phil had spent an inordinate amount of time as a fly on the wall in the inner reaches of his personal life. He thought about it for a second, then smiled faintly. "There may have been, uh... certain situations where I do everything she says, but not when it comes to who I spend time with," he said. He chuckled a little, mischief flickering across his face. "I guess she probably doesn't have that emotion. And if I didn't want to be here, I'd have left," he said, pulling Phil's hand to his lips and then lightly nibbling at the knuckles.
Not bothering to hide a broad grin at the reply, Steve suggested, “Maybe we meet in the middle? Clint keeps telling me I ‘lack culture’ because I haven’t seen Star Wars yet. He said I’d like it. I have my doubts about taking Clint’s word for it, but Natasha didn’t disagree, so I’m cautiously hopeful.” Normally if Clint was outright lying or trying to pull one over on him, Steve could count on a discreet nod or signal from Natasha that he should give up listening to whatever nonsense Clint was spouting.
Scott let out a harsh laugh. "The feeling was mutual. I wanted to kill you, actually. Multiple times." In the end, instead, Logan had saved him - both literally and figuratively. Scott had all but given up on everything, and then there Logan had been. Too smart to lose himself in someone just because of a hero complex, Scott still felt intense gratitude mingled with his desire. "I wouldn't be here without you, though. Even when we hated each other, in the end, we watch each other's backs. It's better now, of course." He smiled and kissed the man again. "A lot better."
The feral mutant growled impatiently, tangling his hand in soft blonde strands and tugging Steve's head back to bite at the man's throat while his other hand mauled one perfect buttock, allowing his aching cock to press closer to Steve's entrance. Blue eyes glittered with animal aggression as he drew back to give Steve some room to move.
"Did you draw the short straw?" It was meant lightly. Bucky imagined there weren't that many SHIELD agents lining up to babysit him, and he honestly could not blame them. After all, he was an unstable time bomb waiting to go off. "I still don't remember anything," Bucky confided, “so there's not a whole hell of a lot of questions I can answer." A sudden wave of boyish shyness came over him, and he apologized, "I'm sorry. Guess I'm not the best company in the world."
"No, thank you. I'm alright." Steve was blushing by the time the man turned his attention to the next customer and glanced over at Tony. "Well, the people are friendly. Do you come here a lot?"
"I think I'm gonna be," Steve answered, glad that the tension from earlier had diffused. He already had almost everything unpacked, his clothes hung in the closet and the few knick-knacks he'd acquired set out along with an old photo book. "Y'know, I don't think I've ever actually had a room this big. The apartment at SHIELD was nice, but this place... it's really something, Tony." He nodded toward the laptop that was set up on the desk next to the photo album and some file folders. "I understand a lot of it. I can find everything Clint bookmarked for me." Steve was proud of himself for remembering the proper term. It felt some days as if he was learning a whole new language. "I know you can look up people, though, find out more about them. Could you show me?"
"Talk about whatever you need to talk about. We’ve been pretty honest with each other, and I don’t want that to change." Phil reached out, his fingers curling around Clint's again to draw one of his hands away from his body. He wasn't going to go so far as to say the words didn't sting, but he understood them. Gently, he ran his fingers over Clint's hand, much the way he had earlier. "First off, do you really think Natasha Romanov is capable of feeling guilty? Secondly... secondly, are you here right now because Natasha wants you to be here or because you want to be here?"
A shuddering breath passed through Scott's lungs as he fought against the urge to cry. Logan had been thinking of him right up to the end, and that was beautiful and awful in a strange way. He pressed a kiss softly against Logan's bare chest and sighed out to release the terror. "We protected each other. It's only fair to take turns." No one had gotten close in the end as he stood watch over Logan's body, waiting impatiently for the first breath. "Oh, hey, we... we have a few of them. The Brotherhood. Not everyone got away. Quicksilver and Mystique are in holding cells. Natasha wasn't exactly happy once she realized Clint and Coulson were gone. She more or less brought them in by herself."
Steve nodded, too tense to even respond to the thought of seeing what the suit might have caught and been unable to send thanks to Loki blinking them halfway across the world. The trip back was tense and mostly silent. Creed was thankfully unconscious, but Loki's presence was enough to make them all feel uneasy. Somehow it was made worse by the fact that instead of snarking at them, the god sat in his seat looking almost ill. Steve struggled with every breath against the urge to get out of the suit. It was protection, safety, and they needed that even if he didn't want it as a barrier. Tony didn't exactly look fine, but he didn't look bad either, didn't look mistreated or miserable or like he was in desperate pain. He looked normal. Which meant that whatever Loki had done, he hadn't tortured Tony. Maybe he'd even helped him to be okay, and that meshed even less with anything Steve knew about the god.
"I still say they'd love it," Tony groused, but acquiesced. In truth, he'd felt a little ashamed the minute Steve had dropped his voice and asked Tony to behave for more personal reasons. He felt the need to keep Steve comfortable with the relationship, and that was not a feeling Tony was accustomed to. Even with Pepper, he'd generally felt the need to push her buttons. With Steve, Tony couldn't help but feel a bit like a tool for having done so.
Logan's thoughts mirrored his lover's. He knew he'd likely hurt Scott, at least a little. The idea of taking Scott like this - all rough and raw and desperate - was too enticing to let him worry about a bit of discomfort. Already hard and ready, Logan guided himself to Scott's entrance, shifting his lover's weight to slowly ease him down onto his cock. He groaned out Scott's name, nuzzling the man's neck before pressing another commanding kiss to Scott's full lips.
"Twist my arm, darlin'," Logan breathed, cock throbbing hard in her mouth. His fingers tangled in red hair, and he moaned groaned deeply at the feel of her tongue working him. A quick glance at Scott and a nod were all the assurance he needed that they were both on board. Natasha figured out the right spots easily, her tongue dragging over the most sensitive parts of his cock. "Fuck, you look good down there." Eyes dark with lust of his own sought Scott out, and Logan moaned again at the look on his lover's face. Holding his hand out, he tugged Scott over next to him and pulled the man into a harsh kiss, his tongue thrusting against his lover's eagerly.
“It’s perfect,” Steve answered with a smile. He’d been scared to make a similar overture himself, worried about pushing too fast or making Tony feel awkward. The last thing he wanted was to make Tony run for the hills when they were having such a nice time. True to Tony’s assurances, the movie was a lot of fun. He’d sat through a few movies with the rest of the team that were violent or sexual enough to make him more than slightly uncomfortable on a variety of different levels. Some things didn’t need to be shared in a group. Their feature for the evening, on the other hand, recalled something more classic in tone. “This is really good - the movie, I mean.” Steve had to admit that the warmth of Tony’s body against his side and the man’s arm around his shoulder were both high points in favor of the night as well.
//Eating them blindfolded, too, I bet.// Logan didn't say it. He figured Scott could use fewer rather than more reminders of their time spent in the detention cells. He wanted to drag Scott back into that kiss and stay in the bed, but Barton's lingering scent was doing nothing for his mood. "Yeah. Maybe some wings and beer?" he suggested. He wasn't sure if Scott would be up to going out for something like that, but it was worth a try.
“But so what.” He growled a moment later. “We’re already unclean.”
“We, we have a few workers-” she began timidly. Wrong. Bucky’s lip curled in a snarl and he squeezed her once, increasing the pressure on her throat before she hastily cried out a better response. “My sister! They are questioning my family.” Frightened gray eyes met Bucky’s, tears streaming down her plump cheeks. “I-I found a vagrant. Magda shooed him away. My brother thought that he- that he might still be hiding on the farm, but we don’t know anything! If he was here, we didn't know!”
“Cosa stai pensando?” He asked softly, not entirely sure why and expecting no answer. Tacha rarely gave up her thoughts when she wasn’t ready to, and this time proved no different. She didn’t respond, just shifted to get more comfortable on her perch. If she’d been younger Steve would have lifted her into his lap. He wasn’t certain she didn’t want him to do it anyway, but she’d never lower her pride enough to ask.
“Where?” Olasz interjected as Steve’s heart sank. The ambassador’s death would do nothing to ease the tension in the public. Hasenkamp let out a frustrated sigh.
“He says that he has a credible witness, willing to attest that Major Rogers plans to desert."
manage to catch him, but he didn’t manage to keep his balance and they both toppled backward into the snow. Desperately he scrambled up reaching for James, running his hand franticly over the boy’s slight frame for injuries. He heard the sound of Bucky landing not far from them, but all of his focus was on James, who was white faced, a trail of tears leaking from eyes scrunched tightly shut as he hiccupped and sobbed.
“She’s not so much a girl anymore Herr Stark.” The baroness confided in a mischievous whisper. “The world rushes us from child to woman, and rarely leaves any time between for getting to know ourselves.”
He might not have been his father's son, but in that moment Péter Rogers finally felt like the man he'd always wanted to be.
Dvorak didn’t carry the same worry that Becker and the other conspirators carried. Even when he was finally caught, Rogers wouldn’t spill his guts about any of them. He was the worst sort of idealist. A loyal one.
Mechanically she pulled the lever beside the door to ring the in the kitchen. She didn't wait for one of the staff to appear, instead, crossing the floor on silent feet and lowering herself tiredly into Stefen’s chair.
“Perfectly, Captain.”
Péter vehemently dipped his paint brush in the can at his feet and slashed a bold red X across the large photograph pinned to a post outside a women's dress shop. It depicted a smiling blond woman with her arm slung across a happy looking woman whose dark skin and laughing eyes reminded him painfully of Sam. The caption on the poster declared that the results of such friendships was a loss of racial pride. Péter smeared the words with another slash of his brush and felt a stab of vicious satisfaction as he covered the lie with a warning of his own: RESIST.
“Captain Rogers and Herr Bakhuizen I presume?” a voice inquired behind them and Stefen’s neck prickled, his whole body going suddenly tense. Still he turned slowly, almost idlily. The man who had approached them immediately struck Steve as non-assuming. Slight of build with thinning medium brown hair, he wore a well pressed suit suitable for any man of business but to Steve his grey eyes looked uncommonly calculating. His gut told him this was the man they’d been waiting for but he’d not seemed all that surprised by Bucky’s presence there and that was alarming. It meant they’d been watching Stefen far longer than he’d anticipated.
“The children will be looked after. Holmes will find safe houses for them, and that’s a better option for them than sticking with us Tony. You know it is.” The captain insisted stubbornly from where he sat. He had his head in his hands. At first glance, he looked merely contemplative, but the way his elbows dug into his trousers betrayed his exhaustion.
“That’s the entire reason I joined the army.” he said slowly, as if sensing Tony’s desire to flee. “And they don’t tell you, but you learn pretty quickly, that the guy at the other end of the barrel isn’t any different from you. He’s got a family somewhere, a home he thinks he’s protecting somehow. You try not to think about it, or it’ll drive you crazy, make you slow, and you can’t be slow or you’re never going to make it home… but you see it on their faces, when they’re bleeding out under your feet and you’re grateful you pulled the trigger first.”
Who was to say that Stefen would always feel as strongly as he did now? Or that he might not grow weary of the secrecy and the constant risk? Was Tony to risk his very life on a flame that might very well flicker and die the moment that Stefen learned that Tony was a Jew?
“You’re a child!” Tony yanked with all his might, heard the boy’s collar tear and barely even registered the sound for what it was. He swung Ian around, gripping his shoulders punishingly as he shook him. “You’re a child and there’s not a god damn thing you can do!”
"Ah Tony, have you met Nigel?" Stefen grabbed Tony by the elbow as soon as he was close enough, drawing him slightly forward to place the monk between himself and Nigel. "Tony this Nigel Frank, He is the new Director for the Salzburg Musical society. Nigel this is Herr Stark, the children’s teacher."
“She was hiding in the wood. I only found out because Cate came and got me. They both got away, but she was afraid Natacha wouldn’t get home if someone recognized her.”
Peter reached over and wordlessly plucked
“Of course, Captain. Godspeed.” The sober way in which Mary Tuck wished them farewell took Tony off-guard. Stefen obviously knew her well, and Pip too (whatever kind of name that was) and whoever this Friedrich was. They hadn’t gone into the shop on just a whim, he realized. Stefen had gone there with a purpose.
“Six and twelve are big achievements.” He murmured, his mind back in the dusty tombs of the abbey library, and in one of the hot kitchens of his childhood.  “We’re damn well going to mark them.”
“Of course. But forgive me Your Em – ” Tony bit back a grin as Bruce struggled and ultimately decided on going with what he must feel was the lesser of two evils. “Forgive me Cardinal Rossi, but I’ll only need a moment more to treat this patient. Perhaps we can speak here?”
Steve hesitated, narrowing his eyes.
“I hope not, I’m your tutor now.”
Those eyes were staring back at him again and Steve tried to swallow, but his dry throat just spasmed painfully.
"I have to use the washroom," one of the little boys piped up suddenly from the back, glancing nervously back and forth between Deiter and the baroness like a child uncertain of which parent to turn to. Wistfully he wondered if he shouldn't think harder about finding a nice girl and settling down. Maybe his work would be easier on a wife than he'd expected if she were someone like the baroness.
The pencil scratched against the paper as the children’s voices floated out through the open balcony doors. Bucky’s violin accompanied their voices in sweet haunting melody as lines filled the blank page of the sketchbook propped open in his lap, as Stefen attempted to capture the intense focus Tony brought to the music lesson (the gentleness of his hands as he straightened backs, placed palms on bellies to guide deep breaths) and the gleam of accomplishment in the children’s eyes with every soaring note.
A chill went up Steve’s spine and he shivered. Being soldiers, they had all at the very least heard whispers of proposed solutions to the Jewish Problem. Steve wasn’t a fool and certainly not a misinformed one. The reports coming out of Dachau were all the same. Torture. Starvation. Strange experimentation. Prisoners were dropping like flies. They had to get Lukas and Dr. Leshnerr out of there soon.
Tony sighed and cast his hammer aside with a clang. Clearly his work was done here for the night.
Tony winced. James had been slipping behind his siblings in languages, but Tony had not been exactly giving his pupils his full attention, lately had he?
“Germany cannot be allowed to hold those waters.” The captain said, “This is what we must do to protect our families. To protect our world. There is nowhere to run Stark. We have to fight!”
~*~*~*~
Despite Steve’s agitation Kurt’s grin didn't waver. He waved a hand dismissively prattling, “That’s lovely. Gets you out of being shot at, doesn’t it. I should to have had seven myself.”
She nearly got caught by Vreni leaving father’s room. The laundry maid was carrying a big stack of folded clothes in one hand and dragging the trunks Frau Hogan always used for the little girls when they traveled. She was looking over her shoulder, ear cocked for Julia’s voice as the head house maid shouted instructions up the stairs, so she didn’t see Natacha and bumped right into her as she stepped into the hall.
There weren't many visitors besides the milk man and the boy from the post who made the journey this far out from the city proper, and being that it was Saturday evening and the milk man had already been round that morning, Tony was fully expecting to find the boy from the Post Office with a telegram.
“Damn you! You and Bucky are both the same. Do you really think I’d die without making arrangements for them?”
“It’s gotta be me,” he muttered. “People will notice if they get rid of me.”
“For a child? Yes, of course.” Tony snapped back. Making a child responsible for the bad choices of an adult was just stupid.
Steve had to fight to unclench his jaw before he broke it. Around him he could feel the tension from the others, thick enough to cut with a bread knife. Over in the lounge chair, Pike, a retired Captain in the German Navy stirred, blinking his eyes slowly open from his interrupted sleep before leaning forward and looked at them all, gritting out through his teeth.
Charlotte's heart sank. She should have expected this. She did not want to burden the children more than they had to, but it was better in the long run not to give them false hope.
She was afraid. Tony had no idea of what but that settled it for him.
The captain looked absolutely gobsmacked, as if he had no idea how to handle this woman or hearing his old title used so carelessly and Tony laughed, loud enough to garner stern looks from the sprinkle of other occupants within the sanctuary and the woman smirked.
Holmes wasn’t able to hide the flash of surprise in his eyes at Tony’s announcement. Stefen didn’t even stir, so it was hard to discern whether he had heard. Seeing him look like that, defeated and crushed like all the hope had been taken from him, sharpened the rage inside Tony steel.
Was he dead? Alive? Tony didn’t know. Couldn’t care.
Was it a masterful piece of music? No, but the sound of their laughter and their voices raised high without fear or trepidation; Tony thought that was a beautiful sound indeed.
“I could use some soft flesh right now.” One of the men said, their voice indistinguishable from the dull roar in Steve’s head at that moment.
She prayed for him, and though Tony would never be a believer, it was the closest to grace that he’d ever felt.
“Good. How’d they do?”
She was wrong about them.
Tony wasn’t stupid. Getting caught in the rain was one thing but it had been raining for some time since supper and if Péter had been outside all this time it had to be for a purpose. Péter looked suddenly nervous, his eyes darting about in search of an escape route and now Tony was sure of it.  Rogers’ eldest boy had been meeting someone, but given his age and that rising flush in his cheeks Tony could hazard a guess or two that didn’t involve political intrigue.
The anxious worry that had been winding tightly within Steve’s gut since the police had come and gone that afternoon finally eased at the site of Bucky stomping through the kitchen door, but Bucky’s eyes immediately narrowed on Tony standing unobtrusively behind Pepper, with a steadying hand on Wanda’s back offering silent support. Steve saw the way that Bucky’s eyes caught the bandage wrapped around Tony’s hand – from where the boy had tried to stab Tony before he’d realized it was him and not the return of the police – and widened, then how they flew toward Steve in a silent demand for an explanation.
It felt like he only succeeded in reminding them both of Tony’s glaring absence, cause Natacha just burrowed deeper in his embrace and the ache continued to throb in Steve’s chest. Tony used to declare things like that to make Willamina and the kitchen girls laugh. It felt like a lifetime ago since he’d last seen Tony in the kitchens, flirting outrageously and making a nuisance of himself while he insisted on making Steve’s cup as well as his own.
Maria looked at him from under her lashes and muttered something that could have been German. Maybe. Tony highly doubted it.
"A fight you should have won Rogers." Herr Lehmann barked. "By right I should ripp that patch off your shoulder and give it to Johann. To think you are the son of a man like Captain Rogers. It boggles the mind. Your mother must have cuckolded him."
He took a step nearer which only sent the captain into more of a panic. A shout tore from him as he twisted his body to the side knocking the remaining items on the night table over.
The tremors in Stefen’s muscles were slowly subsiding as the days went on, but he still found sleeping difficult. Even with such little strength, Stefen’s nerves often twitched and jumped as if his skin were trying to leave him. He would jerk himself out of sleep with a gasp of pain more often than not, so when he did manage continued sleep Tony was loath to wake him.
A low moan escaped his throat, and Stefen bucked at the vibration. Tony had never felt something so good. Didn’t want it to stop. Ever. But Stefen was already too close, coming up to the edge where pleasure met pain.
“That’s really for you to determine. But I’d never bet against you.”
The words raced around and around Tony’s head like a storm, dragged up from somewhere deep in his soul until they felt like they’d burst out from behind his teeth in one long continuous shout.
He’d seen the star on her sleeve when her shawl had slipped but dared not draw attention to it, neither wanting to put her or the kindly Frau Richter at risk. But Stefen had seen. Tony had seen it on his face as he’d watched the woman flee the shop. He’d held his breath terrified at what Stefen might do.
Steve stared at him in shock and Tony steeled himself in anticipation for another argument and Steve growled.
Steve frowned.
They peeled away from the camp with a kick of dirt beneath the truck’s wheels. Bucky racing down the unpathed road like a bat out of hell.
“What happened?” Sara gaped in a concerned whisper, breaking the silence and Stefen looked up, eyes flickering between her and Pepper before he answered.
"It's productive. We'll always need things to keep warm. New clothes can be made from scraps" she said with a hint of defensiveness and Péter shrank with renewed guilt. She was right. It was smart to have ways of keeping warm.
Charlotte Schrader was Peggy’s first cousin, and not the sort of woman any man easily forgot, but he found the blue of her eyes too sharp, the softness of her blond hair promised too much when he stood to lose so much else that was precious too him. He hardly knew what to say in her company, and though she never acted as if she minded his shuttered ways, he’d felt sick and at a loss as he’d left her that night.
Working as quickly as he could with such combustible materials Tony fed the rope through the top of the canister, sure to give it lots of lead. At the other end he set up the torch with the wires and the reinforced bulb, praying that his calculations were correct and it would create enough heat. Time would tell.
They all clasped tightly to their treasures, holding their breath, prepared to be ran through. What was death anyway if you let go of what made life worth living? Bucky grinned slightly at the morbid thought. You could dress a Rom up, but you couldn’t make them stop being Rom.
Jann stopped in the middle of her explanation as the man himself appeared at the end of the hall with the captain at his side. Both men paused in their walk, brief flickers of surprise passing over their expressions and Stefen wordlessly fished for the whistle in his pocket and raised it to his lips, signaling for Pepper.
"Steve asked me to make sure you make it back, and that’s what I’m gonna do. Understand? Now quit stalling. Tell me the plan." he demanded and Tony sighed, expression stating that he rested his case.
Scott stood outside the inn, in the snow-covered alley, leaning up against the side of the building with a long skinny cigarette in his mouth.
“I don’t need a drink.” Steve responded. The thought of one in his current state made his skin crawl. His father used to drink down his demons too, Steve remembered. Somewhere in the back of his mind he could hear the echo of a chair scraping against the floor, heavy boots thudding toward him, and hot breath on his face -
Steve took a chance that Farkas would not have just anyone answering his doors. It was an old code. One they'd used for the coupe, but it would be recognized.
“Hm, I'm not hungry.”
Between the three of them they got Steve situated in bed - just in time for him to groan loudly and lurch upwards, and thankfully to the side, as he emptied the contents of his stomach once more.
to do, but that wasn’t what made Bucky stop and take aim at the men who stayed to protect their commander.
“My father says we can’t win a war against the Czechs if France and Britain back them. The Führer would be mad to try it.”
Silence again.
"It's awful good to see you kid." Harold sniffed happily when he let them go and they finally shifted apart. Péter smiled wobblily up at him, but it dimmed as the chauffeur's voice lowered gravely and he asked, "You know your vati’s sick, don't you?"
Péter should know that it had never been like the stories they told about him. They weren't true at all, he was no hero.
Bucky's befuddled expressions and subsequent blink of shock was almost comical.  But Tony ignored it in favor of imploring Stefen, whose mouth was twitching now in amusement, "But I can build you a boat. The river Danube runs close to Dachau, doesn't it?"
He was sure Peggy had tried, but she was one woman, flesh and blood and not the saint of her husband’s memory. Men did not listen to women the same way they listened to other men. Tony’s father certainly never had.
Bucky wasn’t sure what woke him so early that morning. Some sixth sense maybe. Maybe years of looking out for the same person just gave you an affinity for them, or maybe it was just one of those nights when his body sensed the nightmares were going to come and did him a favor by waking him up.
Huh? Tony blinked, embarrassed that he’d almost forgotten Ian’s presence as he pulled his eyes away from the captain.
“I’m sorry, I was startled,” he began, taking a step back to gain much needed space and was caught by Khalmmer’s hand butting into his shoulder, stopping him. The officer withdrew it quickly, Klahmers grin winding loose and unsuspecting back onto his face like one of Sara’s windup toys.
“I think Frou Hogan took the little ones for a bath.” Péter offered helpfully even as he scrambled to follow.
And so it went, Tony sat alone at his table while the train lurched along, passing through fields and hills and skirting the edges of towns that from the outside, almost looked as if they hadn’t been touched at all by Hitler’s rise, and he tried to distract himself with his book but largely failed.
Stefen directed the busboy to deposit Tony’s things in the second bedroom and then fished in his pocket for a tip before guiding the young man toward the door, thanking him for his service.
Schmidt had held his gaze - the cold glittering expression in them promising that he would pry Steve’s children from his hands one way or another- and smiled, raising his glass in a toast.
"Antony?!" the man exclaimed, expression slipping into a full-on glower as his eyes narrowed on the pair outside the barred door. "I should have known. What trouble are you in now?"
“Not sad… just missing someone.” As far as explanations went Tony knew it was paltry, but Ian didn’t seem to need much more than that.  Tony took a fortifying sip of his espresso, surprised and delighted by the sweet smell of chocolate that enveloped him as he drew the cup closer to his nose and the rich flavor burst over his tongue on the first sip.
It was only she, her sister and their parents here on the farm. Her brother was studying in Munich. Her father had suffered an injury years ago and while the incident had not taken his life it had taken his leg.  Her mother worked the house and took care of the father while she and her sister worked the farm. Neither of her parents would have any need to be in the barn, and they would attribute any noise from within as coming from Patroche. He could rest there and heal before she had him hauled back to finish his sentence.
“It’s foolish to lock a child up in a virtual tower, set rules in place designed to isolate and restrict them, and then punish the child for rebellion. You should have predicted it. Your children are half you.”
Steve leaned back and heaved a long heavy breath. He had no regrets about keeping his family safe, but for the first time in a long while he’d had the pleasure of making Péter happy and he was very, very pleased.
“Not now!” Steve groaned, fisting his hands against his eyes, as if the image could simply be rubbed away. He wasn't pacing. That was important somehow. It was important yes, that even though lightning buzzed through his veins and threatened to paralyze his lungs he was standing. Like a loon in the middle of an empty room but standing.
Their newest breeding ram, Jasper, was nudging the prone figure of a man lying crumpled on the ground. Trig, another of their rams, hopped over the body and tutted unhappily. Their feed tin had been knocked over and the rest of their companions were feasting away at the spilled contents. They mostly ignored the body stepping over it.
“Tony...” Artur’s voice was a high thin whine. “How will we know when vati is safe?”
"No! I'd truly like to know. You hired me to teach your children and shield them from the scrutiny of the Reich. I accepted because I wanted to be free of the abbey and hoped to find an easy way to leave all this wretchedness behind me,” Tony cast an arm out tiredly, pointing to the entirety of the hopeless mess he found himself in. “But now there's you and the children and I… Stefen you're going off to war. Where does that leave me?"
‘You are being ridiculous’ he thought to himself as he followed Stefen and Bucky into the cozy little room that served as a study for the inn. It was right off the parlor, with a set of wide doors that opened out and made the whole space seem inviting and bigger than it actually was.
In the case of Captain Rogers and the Lehnsherr Twins this unfortunately or perhaps fortunately depending on the point of view proved to be true.
“I thought about that in the beginning… It’s my own fault for not… Tony it’s not that simple anymore. They watch everything. It’s too late for me to send them abroad without suspicion.”
The admission was small and quiet and Tony did not miss either the confusion or fear behind it but he was overcome by such a feeling of tenderness and sorrow for the boy at his side (and such guilt for his words and thoughts of earlier) that he pulled Péter close and hugged him tightly.
He leaned up against the railing and looked out over the familiar view of the harbor and the shipyard beyond it. The Stark Yards were just memory now, the flags of Austria and Germany long since replaced with those of Italy. The naval ships that lined the harbor bore Italian names, and the men who walked along the docks Italian uniforms. But he thought he could just make out the curved top of the sign at the entrance of the longest pier, the one that led out to the shipyard floating on its own island. He wondered what it said now as he watched the people walking and the cranes moving over the water.
~*~*~*~
The Rogers children scoff, trading knowing glances, none so loudly as James, who is somewhat infamous for his temper.
"Vieni bambini,” Mathilde jerked and stared at him aghast as the monk called to the children fluently in Italian. Charlotte fought a grimace. She’d forgotten Mathilde’s distaste for the Italians. Charlotte had the same mixed feelings about them that most people had but Mathilde was particularly firm about it because the dear woman’s husband had died in the Great War. She should have warned her.
“Someone has to save what’s left,” Steve called to Sam’s back as the other man grabbed a hold of the railing, hopping the little step and leaned out to yell over the noise.
Another photo caught his eye. That of a woman he could only assume was the late Mrs. Rogers. She’d been a beauty that much was for sure. With her wide dark mouth, sharp eyes and dark waves of hair she could have passed for any silver screen siren. She reminded him a bit of his own mother. Alive, even in a picture.
“Don't be silly, Vati. Tony taught me.”
Good Simone might marvel at the saints who lay in their cushioned beds, in their bejeweled robes, but that didn't mean he had any great desire to join them.
“I d-don’t know where Daniel is. He never came b-back from the party. What if they got him too?” Cameron began to choke and even though Tony’s chest was tight and he was finding it difficult himself to breathe, he wrapped the boy up in his arms and held him as he sobbed.
He took a deep breath, trying to clear his head but could not ignore the dull ache in his chest. A little voice in the back of his mind remembered that tomorrow was Tuesday. Wednesday afternoon Frauline Werner would come to ask all her questions and poke and prod at Natacha to see what disloyalties might come spilling out and Natacha... well Tony knew what he would do, were he a girl in her situation. He no longer even had the strength to be angry about it.
Artur gasped and wriggled off his seat, rounding the few chairs to clutch at Starks arm.
This... this was different.
"I looked all over for you asshole, nobody had any idea you were lurking in the fucking attic listening to illegal broadcasts."
“Can we do that?” Péter perked up, hesitant but hopeful.
Tony yanked off the safety clip and pulled the pin, carried by furious adrenaline and blind panic, not thinking about getting shot or falling from the truck as he rose up - just far enough to take aim, and throwing the damn thing before it could explode in his hand.
“It’s for liabilities sake.” He announced suddenly, as if the thought had just occurred to him. “It wouldn’t do for Major Rogers to fall so ill under the Führer’s watch. The Reich looks out for its own.”
"Kirk's a good man and he runs a tight ship but anything's possible in these times," Bucky shrugged with a dark scowl. "This isn't the first run he's made for us that has gone sour either."
Steve looked to the merchant manning the stall and noted her general aura of annoyance and shrugged, taking Tony by the elbow and pulling him toward the next vendor.
"A mere monk?" the doctor sneered in reply, scoffing loudly. "It is insulting. How is my work to be taken seriously when a mere monk is given purview over me?"
Tony didn’t know what was coming but as his eyes moved over the table, resting momentarily on each child as if to memorize them, he was overcome by a swell of strange protectiveness.
“You don't even know what that is! You can’t even say it right.”
That evening Clinton had stuck a folded piece of printed paper in Tony’s hand and whispered in French that the abbot warned him to be careful. Then he’d darted off, climbing back over the wall like the monkey he’d surely been in some past life.
The silence kept pressing in, that water flooding in his ears and covering his head, sucking him down down down into the black. Steve barley felt the back of the chair hit his legs as he collapsed into it. Everything in him was falling apart, separating into jagged pieces, and yet he was numb to it. Numb to everything because his family wasn’t there, and he was… nothing.
Damn, damn, triple damn, but Tony was right. Steve knew it. It didn’t make it any easier to accept. He couldn’t leave Tony here. Not after nearly losing him. He couldn’t.
“Yes Captain, “at her nod, Stefen turned to Anya and Péter.
Steve’s mind was racing, suddenly regretting bringing the children with him. He needed to talk to her alone.
wrong with Da!" he retorted under his breath. She must have noticed already – Natacha was the sort of older sister who noticed everything and knew everything about everybody – but she hadn't said anything about it yet and Ian couldn’t figure out why.
“Is that all he wanted?” Dvořák asked again, watching the way tiny flecks of emotion slivered across Rogers face.
“Magda?”  Ona called into the silence.
“No!” his voice cracked, broken and raw in his throat as he tried to thrash free of Schmidt’s hold. He had to get to his children before Schmidt did.
"I've purchased a house in Geneva." He continued softly, determined to stay his course. Her eyes widened in response, lips parting around the rim of her tea cup. Steve noticed that there were little lambs painted in blue ink dancing across the fine china. He felt like that he thought with dark amusement, like a fat lamb being led to slaughter.
"I've been busy with the HJ." he mumbled, looking away when that disappointment Tony couldn't quite hide became too much.
“Stefen? Is it morning already?”
’ Tony whispered in his right ear and Steve clenched his hands to keep from reaching for what he knew wasn’t there.
“How many days?”
So good news and bad news.
As the lesson moved smoothly into music Tony could not help but feel a glimmer of hope. He could not say what was to come; maybe he already suspected that a hangman’s rope lay in his future, but that was alright. There were worse things to be than dead.
“Don’t touch me,
(See the end of the chapter for
Deep down, he knew the reason why it was there.
Hasenkamp dabbed his sweaty brow with a crumpled handkerchief he pulled from his pocket and took a shaky breath. “Let me be frank with you, Major, Assistant Chief. The news has just broken that Vom Roth succumbed to his injuries. People are incensed. Rightfully so, but fights have broken out –”
Ah. The parts he’d ordered. Tony shifted the books to make room for the parcels, struggling not to lose control of the whole stack but Hammer made no move to place them in Tony’s keeping. Instead he held them delicately out, a small smirk twitching at his lips standing at the bottom of the stairs as still as if he’d grown roots there.
She hoped for their sake as well as the captain’s that they really were as accomplished as Herr Stark often said.
“It’s still snowing. If I go now, it will cover the tracks of the truck.” Bucky explained, as if the more matter of fact he was the better chance the children would understand.
He would let his own children touch him! He would do what he had to so that when he was gone, they wouldn’t question whether their own father had loved them. That was all that mattered. Steve had heard all kinds of things circulating through the network about how the Brits planned to care for displaced children. He’d been as forthcoming with the children about the possibilities as he could be, but there was no way of knowing where they would end up and what would become of them. Nor who they became.
Susann must have noticed the look on his face because she grimaced.
, as he could. And even if by some miracle Tony didn’t make a break for the hills, what sort of life would he be forced to live? Raising Steve’s children by a woman he spited whenever he fell into her husband’s bed.
“Nonsense, a walk will do you good.”
“Worse. They’d probably burn him to a crisp.” Bakhuizen answered with a wink.
Tony opened his mouth intending to reassure him that it was okay to be excited and that his wants and wishes weren’t going to be rejected when James surprised them all. It wasn't so much his interrupting that was the surprise but the quiet volume at which he did it.
"It's very impressive Stark, but I'm afraid people might get the wrong idea if they knew it was here."
The orgasm hit him suddenly, the pleasure an exquisite agony that crashed through his entire body and left him boneless. He spilled all over himself, a hot stickiness flooding his briefs. Stefen continued to thrust against him, turning the pleasure sharp with overstimulation but Tony did not resist it. He watched Stefen chase his pleasure, watched as he stared down at Tony through the fall of his sweat slick hair, fevered gaze almost vacant as he panted for breath; and thought that he was more beautiful in this one moment than he’d ever seen him.
had to. That’s what I’m saying. Bucky didn’t have to.” Steve repeated dully. “He was the son of the Rom Baro. What food there was, his family got it first. He would have been one of the last ones to die."
It hadn’t been. Steve just hadn’t wanted Schmidt to be aware of his movements or try and prevent him leaving Vienna.
Relief washed through Tony as he realized that Péter had come, not because he had suspicions or thought ill of Tony for the things he’d said, but because he’d looked behind Tony’s behavior and recognized his fracturing mind for what it was… something he’d been alone in for more years than he wanted to count. And Péter had recognized it because he’d seen the same symptoms in his father?
He was jittery like he’d just come off a patrol and his heart felt two sizes two big in his chest.
Either way the people did not look. They hurried by, eyes downcast, like mice scurrying back into their holes.
here, and one day it would be whole again. One day they’d find Rachol and the girls. She’d forget her polish husband and come to live with him and Stevie, and James – the little know it all – would be teaching his cousins how to say happy Christmas in Romany. Bucky swallowed and shook himself to shake off the cold fingers of the past, but the clinking sound in his ears and filling up his head did not fade. God damn it. Why wouldn’t it fade?
“Ja.” Thor sighed. “My father is unlikely to agree to stand against Germany, but I fear that Germany would shake our hands with their right and stab us with the left.”
“Secondly, I want you to take Barton with you.”
Steve didn’t say anything for an uncomfortably long time. He tilted his hand and let the string of beads dangle off the end of his fingers, the coins hanging from it clinking together as they swung ever so slightly. He watched them as if fascinated and Tony tried not to squirm, bit back the words that wanted to leap off of his tongue.
He'd looked up from his upstroke as Steve had asked him for the rowers and smirked that way he had that was so damn frustrating it couldn’t be put into words.
“I want to. God, Stefen I do, but the children. If those men come back - they were like animals. They -” A desperate keen eeked out of Tony’s mouth, his hands clenching tighter as he nodded, tears rolling down his cheeks. Steve hitched himself closer, one hand sliding up and down Tony’s thigh, soothing, the dirty fabric catching on his palms.
Sweat dropped into his eyes and he blinked the sting back, trying to focus on her and not the throbbing pain in his side or the floating sensation in his head that invited him to drift away with it.
“Do you mind if I have this one?” Tony asked, half expecting Péter to say no. There were so few photographs of his mother in the house, and none that Tony had seen of his grandmother. He could understand wanting to hoard them; but Péter just blinked, his smile widening in pleasant surprise as he nodded.
He sighed, the headache he’d been fighting since his meal with Charlotte pounding just behind his eyes. He hoped to god Hasenkamp arrived soon so they could be finished here. For the first time Steve wished all they’d wanted from him was to smile and kiss babies.
~*~*~*~
“It is no secret that the Führer has promised a return of German peoples to German lands. This started with what was formerly Austria and will continue with others. The Führer expects opposition on the Baltic sea from the French, but the greater threat is Great Britain.”
Only a few days ago Steve had not dared to dream of an after. He knew better than to hope for an “after the war” when one was a traitor and a spy. He’d made his peace as much as he could, thinking the future was not something he would get to see. But now, with the Coulson offer on the table and to possibility of avoiding Hitler’s war before it ever started? Now the possibilities were endless. And every last one that Steve could imagine started and ended with the man in front of him. If he could only just-
“Herr Stark. The girls are scared.”
Thankfully, Coulson didn’t mince words. He reached inside the briefcase at his feet and pulled from it a little leather-bound book, which he set carefully in his lap before he looked back up at them.
“The theory of radioactivity…” Péter wet his lip nervously before looking back up at Tony, and going on with more determination. “Did a woman really do that?”
Transcribed by W. Holmes
“She is. Very.” He responded, sounding short even to his own ears. She was just like Peggy. He trusted her, she was loyal, and had always been a good friend to him. Good company.
The shelves near his bed were laden with books and they were the first thing he went to in leisure time. What he daydreamed about he kept to himself.
"I see they are potatoes. What are they doing here, in front of my face?"
Steve screamed inside his head. The words pinged around his skull like sharp darts, but for all their sharpness they could not penetrate the barrier between his brain and his mouth. His mind was just filling up with water, the thoughts sloshing about up there as the world threatened to wash him away.
Tony mounted his bicycle and adjusted himself to Sara's weight as they set off.
"There is always the subject of cages, and the pretty birds we like to put in them." Tony muttered in reply and Stefen frowned darkly.
“I should probably go inside. I wish I didn’t get so dark in the sun,” she sighed.
Maybe it would be sooner, if they pulled the assassination off. Maybe it would be never if a bullet found him first.
“Anya, Péter, come with me now.” Tony instructed the two without a moment more of pause, gesturing adamantly. They came without question, their faces draining of blood. Natacha followed after Tony and the twins as they scurried in the opposite direction from the one that Pepper had taken, but there was no time to argue with her.
“We’re all set to go Major,” a lower ranking officer informed him with an impatient edge and Dvorak waved him on. He’d made no attempt to remember the names of the other men assigned to the escort, more concerned with keeping his flask full of beer until he could find the courage to put a bullet in his skull.
He fell back against the pillows and closed his eyes, breathing in sharply.
“Tony no!” She’d growled with a stomp of her foot grabbing up the folded bundle that Tony had lain on the bed beside her in white faced horror. “It’s fine when we’re way out here, but we can’t be seen in
Tony took a breath. Preparing for more lies, no doubt. Steve waited, his entire body coiled, primed for a fight that was sure to happen.
His thoughts were interrupted by the sudden clash of broken glass, shards raining down overhead.
Or so they said. Tony did not know what to make of Rogers but he was getting the inkling that the captain whatever his political affiliations wasn’t the sort to do the expected. The young man in the photo was everything the stories said he was except for eighteen. Tony didn’t know how anyone could miss it. The serious thin faced
Harold noticed Steve’s arrival first, the broad-shouldered chauffeur nearly knocking into him as he pushed back from the table to help the cook set down another hot tray.
“We cannot come to Poland’s defense Brother when there is nothing visible to defend her from,” Loki warned in a tone that told Steve he’d said it many times before.
“Oh?” Tony asked, immediately wondering what gift Stefen could have for him that he’d held back for privacy the same way Tony had. “It’s not something horrible is it?”
Steve drew a quick breath and crumpled the letter in his fist. He couldn’t find Bucky’s sister Rochel or her two girls. Didn’t even know where to start. Just like he couldn’t find Bucky or Tony... Péter.
Her eyes, wide with delight, turned bright with yearning.
Steve watched as the monk broke off a piece of bread and dipped it in his soup. Tiny flecks pooled on his plate slowly edging toward the table cloth.
Grig tried to reassure him that Tony was fine, but Steve knew to trust his instincts by now, and every instinct he had told him that something was wrong. He made sure the children were taken care of at home first, ignoring how frightened they looked at the news that Tony was missing, while he instructed Antonia to take them and meet him in the emperor’s wood if trouble should come in his absence.
Tony looked up from his bowl of chopped vegetables as Stefen returned with the hunting party, their feet crashing over sticks and bramble, the sound of their laughter and chatter carrying through the air long before they appeared.
“Tonight,” Bucky answered throwing the shredded pieces of the letter into the waste bin. “Where else but the ball?”
He knew the answer even though it sat heavy in his chest, at war with every instinct he possessed as a father.
“What young man wants to spend his days cooped up indoors with old women, Stefen? This happened exactly because he is sixteen, not in spite of it.” Tony insisted with a hint of urgency in his gaze despite the droll tone. “And if you and I are going to be otherwise occupied during the day, all cutting their feathers is going to achieve is their resentment. Not necessarily their safety.”
have them. Tony was clever and he would continue to outmaneuver them all. That was what they’d all agreed on. Tony and Bucky would keep the children safe and Steve would stay the hell alive, long enough to see them again.
This was going to be a first-class shit show.
Deciding enough was enough Tony rose from his seat with a sleeping Sara in his arms. She snuffled against his neck at the movement and he made soothing sounds at her, rocking slightly as he walked over to Bucky.
me to wear something like that for you?” he questioned, letting his voice drop low as he leaned in close, loving the way that Stefen’s breathing hitched in his chest and his fingers dug into the sheets.
“I’m sure she’ll be all right.” Ian finally said, when the silence had stretched awkwardly, and James rolled his eyes grumbling, “No she won’t.” Ian jabbed him in the side with his elbow hard enough to bruise and James flinched away with a cry. Péter hissed at him to stop it when he kicked Ian in retaliation, as if it were all James fault and he was the one who had started it in the first place. James turned toward the window and blocked them all out, blinking back furious tears. They were all so stupid, and they never listened to James even when he was right. It was obvious to anyone that Daniel was never going to see his family again, and neither were they.
It appeared that after the Knight of Glass that those Jews who had not been arrested and taken away were trying to flee Germany all at once. Judging by the long lines and raised voices clogging the station with bodies and noise, they didn't appear to be having much success.
Kroger said something about his prowess, but Steve had turned back to Bucky who was looking back at him now, watching Steve with expressionless eyes.
It was past time to get the children to theirs, but the thought seemed far from anyone’s mind besides his. He was uncomfortably reminded of being five. Waiting at some table or tucked away in some corner alone while one of his parent’s parties dragged on and on, for someone to remember he was there and still needed assistance getting out of his clothes.
After another long moment Ian gently cleared his throat and said into the silence.
Good evening! This is Freddie at the Castle, reaching out to our kin at the INN. Auntie’s condition worsens. Funeral arrangements have been made. Flowers will need picking up at the High St. shop. Wendy arrives on the 25
Tony’s heart dropped down somewhere into his stomach, his whole body going still as the fire crackled and popped and the silence that came over the campsite broiled thickly with tension. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Natacha slowly sit up and could feel the heat of her glare in her little brother’s direction. But for once James only seemed to have eyes for his father, his jaw set stubbornly, blue eyes meeting blue without flinching.
But now she knew better. She knew how to help Frau Hogan run the house, how to keep the little ones clean and well behaved, how to make sure that her father’s coffee was always delivered just as he liked, how to sneak into his study in order to make sure that he hadn’t fallen asleep at his desk again or passed out on the couch that bothered his back.
Predictably a chorus of wails and protests followed and the pressure building behind Steve's eyes became a dull ache.
Halfway through the day Tony had lost interest in target practice and had begun to pick around in the foliage for things to teach the children about. In fact, he’d found a patch of weeds that looked decidedly like-
They’d done their best to accommodate her, bringing along as many tin bowels and cups as they could get their hands on. No one had told him how Frau Boehringer was going to manage to feed them all, just that she would bring a meal each evening.
“It’s all right." the woman crooned tenderly, brushing the dark hair back from his sweat slick brow. "Just let them help you.”
“No.” The short almost brusque reply took Tony by surprise. "You've misunderstood me, Stark. They won't be here as long as that."
Tony looked at Grig and said nothing. The other man’s expression remained affable, no hint of displeasure or suspicion about it. Tony relaxed a fraction, unable to do so completely because he did not know Grig or his expressions half as well as he’d like. They had not been allowed to grow up together as they should have. Hughard Stark had made sure of that, but it looked as if Tony’s efforts to embarrass his father and shame the name of Stark had not been half as effective as he’d hoped they’d be. He was under no illusions as to what his cousin’s reaction would have been, had Grig suspicions of his proclivities.
“Herr Stark? Her Stark are you there?”
Had it been something else? Tony glanced back toward the window where Stefen was now standing with Herr Tuck, perhaps looking over the dolls. He could always go and fish out the one on display but then he’d have to explain that he was searching for a dime magazine because he’d been told once that he looked like the hero, and how ridiculous would that look?
~*~*~*~*~*~
"You want to help." Steve repeated, sounding dull witted despite the electric pulse in his veins. He didn’t know what to do with that revelation. Had hardly dared to hope that such an outcome was possible since meeting with Coulson.
“Preferably aim.” Stefen admonished and Tony jerked the dipping barrel back up.
He tried not to smirk.
‘How do I love thee?’
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tried to get his fill as best he could, but when the garden walls and the house behind it came into view, his heart fell in disappointment. It was nowhere near enough.
Peter sighed heavily and tucked his head into the crook of Uncle Bucky’s neck. He inhaled deeply and smelled his uncle’s sharp sweat, a hint of oil from his metal arm, and a slight residue of purity from his soap. Peter took comfort from the familiar smell and closed his eyes. When he was younger, he used to be able to fall asleep in his uncle’s arms. His warmth, his scent, and the rocking of his pacing reminded Peter of those times and he felt his eyes grow heavy. He would have fallen asleep if he did not have any trepidation about his guardians’ approach.
“You’re not crazy,” Peter countered. “Eccentric, yes, but not crazy.” Peter gently grasped Wade’s arm to make him stop touching his head and then pulled down his hand until he was able to card his fingers into Wade’s. He continued, “If you’re crazy, then I’m crazy because I love you.” He pulled Wade into an embrace and repeated with more conviction, “I love you…”
Steve’s jaw dropped and if he possibly got any redder his head probably would have exploded.
The image will become immortalized in the decades to come, but, when Steve first saw it, days after the attack, he held no praise for its artistic interpretation. Instead, he felt all the horror and fears from that day come back and he had to clutch his mouth to keep from vomiting.
relationship? I mean – we’re going to have to be convincing – we’re probably going to have to kiss and what not.”
Tony never replied but he returned the kisses and that was enough for Steve.
“Yeah,” Steve breathlessly replied. “I think I’ve been a little bit in shock ever since I found him…”
Tony smirked and replied, “Hopefully it’ll be ready and waiting for me when I get back.”
Bucky shook his head and Tony said, “Okay, well, I’m going to go downstairs to my workshop then. If you need me, I’ll probably be there for the next couple of hours! Come to me for anything, okay?”
The same day Steve and Tony shared lunch, he read off a statement to the press later that day, explaining an abbreviated version of what happened. Coulson came to the Tower and went over the events with Steve. Together, they concluded what to release.
The strangest change was how Tony acted with Bucky. One day he wouldn’t be able to meet his eyes or hold up much of a conversation with him and then the next day he’d go above and beyond to help Bucky out.
The priest looked to Steve’s bare feet and then trailed up his stained and worn clothing and he agreed, “Yes, my son, you certainly do.” He stepped down and hid the feather duster behind the alter as he continued, “Let’s go to my office and get you some food.”
She shifted onto his lap and he leaned back to accommodate her…only to tip the chair back too far and have them both plummet to the ground in a swift fall.
Tony leaned back and they fell upon the soft bed that materialized for them. Steve kissed him all over, cherishing every piece of him until the dreamworld disappeared when Tony regained consciousness.
That night, Steve and Tony made love almost in an excited frenzy.
“Captain Rogers!”
His heart, however, continued to ache at its other losses.
…will not get my son!”
“No, Bruce is right. Daddy should turn right back around and listen to mommy instead of running away,” Natasha interjected.
Steve took a long, hot shower as soon as they got home. The feel of Tony’s touch against his skin, the taste of his tongue, and the echo of his moans all saturated his senses ever since the restaurant. They made out in the back of the shawarma shop until the owner accidentally came across them and they separated in a fit of excited chuckles and mumbled apologies to the shocked man.
Steve flinched, his reasoning was utterly logical, but it did not change the fact that this was
“Right back at you, Brock,” Peter retorted automatically. Eddie nodded and left them with higher shoulders.
One by one, the Commandos slipped away from the fire and bunkered down for the night until only Steve and Tony remained. They smiled knowingly at each other from across the dying fire when they were completely alone.
century. As he told his tale, Tony was attentive and leaned in with bright eyes and an excited smile.
Tony groaned and begged, “
Steve nodded and grasped Tony’s shoulders and stared at Tony’s head, looking –
All of Peter’s fears and trepidations disappeared upon their statements. A surge of energy raced through his body and he could no longer stand still.
They quickly fell into a routine. At first, they were careful around each other, shy and asking permission before being intimate but, as the days passed, questions became meaningless and there was no reason to be shy. Tony unofficially moved in and slept in his bed every night. Their lives quickly became ingrained into one and every hour was spent in each other's presence. The kisses they shared in passing or in passion were no longer surprises but now were as normal and vital as breathing.
Peter smirked and said, “No, I saw your eyes and was drawn in by their
“Sorry, baby boy, I had to stop it before it dragged us too far,” Wade gasped, the blood dripping from his mouth muddled his words. He looked over his shoulder and couldn’t even see May’s home anymore but Iron Man was limping over to them.
“Okay, now let’s go!” Cable hissed, dragging Steve to his feet.
Bucky’s grip relaxed and he smirked sadly at Steve. He said, “I can handle this, Steve. Just be sure to keep your promise to your son. Don’t make me fail my mission, you hear?”
Tony slipped into the bed and it shifted slightly from his weight. The glow from the reactor gave off enough light for them to see each other. Steve turned to Tony and whispered, “Goodnight.”
It was just of Wade’s head, wearing his Deadpool regalia, and he blew a kiss to the camera and said, “Miss you, baby boy!”
When they reached the community floor, Peter was gasping incoherently between his giggles. Peter had wiggled in his hold and hung upside-down in his arms. It was only after Steve stepped into view of the kitchen did he stop tickling his son. Peter sighed deeply and hung heavily in his arms like a ragdoll.
Bucky’s eyes pinched when he said his name again and he asked, “Why do you keep calling me that?”
”Yeah...um. Friday, will the system still work with his arm this, um, way...?” Peter trailed off clearly wanting to say more. Was something missing from his arm? Did he had a device embedded to make his systems work?
Venom recognized the rejected food instantly as did his host.
“But then how am I going to help someone with only a moment’s notice?” Peter countered.
Steve laughed and said, “Yes, sir.” He pressed his mouth into Tony’s again and Tony hummed with approval.
Steve bent down and gently kissed him. When he pulled back, Tony was smiling sleepily at him.
And that was how Steve ran into Tony, wearing only his SHIELD regulation, flimsy bathrobe and boxer briefs, and was sporting a half hard cock caused by the very man standing before him.
But his Tony had died in the future.
Steve wasn’t ready to lose him yet.
Marcel questioned him all day. He asked him questions firstly about himself, about his job, about his relationship with Tony, and about his nonexistent relationship with Tyler. When he started questioning Steve about Tyler, he automatically tensed, expecting the same outburst from Tyler when he denied knowing her again. She was silent but glared at Steve throughout his testimony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony closed his eyes for a second, quelling his turbulent emotions, and then his eyes snapped open.
“G-Get it off! Somebody get this off! Let me see my implant!” Tony gasped as he tugged uselessly at his gauntlet and repressed sobs that were shaking his entire body. He seemed to know what he was going to see and he was already preparing for the worst.
where had he heard that before?
“Fine,” Peter retorted. “I promise.”
“Want to find the others?” Eddie asked, referring to the other interns who had also gotten invites. There were six of them in all and none of them were used to this style of party.
Aunt Tasha grasped Uncle Bucky tightly and drew him away. His uncle nearly tripped over his own feet, as if he wanted to stay rooted to the spot. Uncle Clint jumped off his stool as soon as the couple walked past him and followed them out. Uncle Thor helped Uncle Bruce to his feet and they were the last to leave.
Rubbing the back of his head, Steve sighed, “Well…You know how your dad likes to throw parties…”
Steve inhaled deeply then made himself pretend this was a mission. He straightened his back and pushed back all his emotions. He was able to meet Tony’s eyes without flushing and a resolve built inside him.
After all the agents were booted out, Tony gave Bucky a tour of the place. The ex-Commando checked all the exits and tested the locks. Tony let him move a potted fern in front of one particular window he did not like and even let him move one of the couches five inches to the right for whatever reason. He seemed to approve of the metal shutters and Tony said he’d keep them down until Bucky said so. Bucky nodded, giving him the impression he wasn’t going to waking up to views of the water anytime soon.
Schmidt smiled and Tony’s spine tingled unpleasantly. What was going on in that freaky skull of his?
“But-But you two aren’t even married yet??”
“The only killing I’ll do will be on the dancefloor with my
Steve bit down on his lip to hold back his laughter and took a deep breath as he said, “Where did you come up with that one, Baby Doll?”
It had not been a question and Steve had readily agreed. After Steve gave up his son to his new godmother, Tony began to mutter indignantly under his breath about being godfather.
It was Tony’s idea for him to sign off on his wedding certificate and adoption papers, making him Steve’s husband and Peter’s father in all rights. It marked the date not just as their wedding anniversary but the day they became a true family.
Yet nearly impossible was not totally
Tony followed quickly behind and slid off his glasses once he was inside. They both immediately went to studying the living room and Peter self-consciously hoped it looked alright. Peter closed the door behind them and bolted it shut.
As always, thank you for reading! Till next time! :)
Steve didn’t realize how true Fury’s words about Tony were until the day his timer was going to go off. It was the same day the Avengers were called to action and Tony assisted.
“I don’t think I’m going to get out,” Tony whispered.
“Tony…you used the incorrect term,” Steve murmured, his flush growing brighter. He cleared his throat and said, “I…I’m gay.”
“Out of all of the men on this team, you are the only one who has a chance to have a stable relationship,” Natasha stated, almost as if she was scolding him.
A gear shuddered then stopped without the support of the shell. The computer screen went black and a sudden shrill sound emulated from the console.
here when the Goblin…” He paused but the Goblin crushing his reactor need not be vocalized. “I need to be there with you, whatever happens.”
His super soldier was shaking and Tony was pretty sure he could feel tears dampening his skin where Steve buried his face in the crook of his neck.
He felt Venom consider his words and then it stated, “No more killing.”
Steve was propped up on the bed with a few fluffy pillows and was sitting at an obtuse angle. He parted his legs for Tony to crawl between them and then Tony collapsed onto his soulmate’s chest, making Steve let out a little “oomff” upon landing.
She grasped his hand and whispered, “I’ve got time…”
Tony paused in his unpacking and replied, “Yes…I have always been attracted to you. You are freaking sexy anyone who tells you differently is lying. After Pepper…” Tony frowned as his gaze drew inward and he reflected on his past relationship. He continued, “After I got over Pepper, I cast my gaze elsewhere and saw you and, until recently, I did not think it could happen. What about you? What made you say yes?”
“I don’t know, Peter,” she whispered. “We always assumed it was because he was a drunk, that he was a philanderer, that he would not have been a positive influence in your life! When you were born Tony did not care! He never tried to see or find you! Your parents did not want that man near you!”
At first, his entire being rejected the idea. He’d rather a thousand nuclear bombs be launched than lose Tony.
Kilian’s severed arm continued to glow orange with heat and quickly burned through the floor. With the floor weakened from the hole Kilian climbed through earlier and this new one created by his arm, a large portion of the floor finally gave out and collapsed. Pepper and the mass of metal she was buried under fell with it.
Steve put on his most serious expression and stated, “It is not a joke, Tony.”
“And there are some rumors,” Bucky added. “Whenever we stop in a major city, some fellas in camp noticed Steve would disappear into the less nicer parts. Everyone is trying to figure out what he does. A few guessed right but, luckily, they are just one of many hunches…” Bucky stared at him in disbelief and gasped, “You’re
Wade followed him close behind and, on the old stairs, they sounded like a football team charging through the house. Peter glanced out the front windows and was relieved to see no news crews. Peter called her sporadically since he left and Aunt May had said that the media had left after a couple days. Peter wasn’t so sure if he and Wade were secretive enough when sneaking in but it looked like they were in the clear.
“The kid’s got a right to be a little showy,” Tony replied. “His father’s Captain America and the rest of his family are a part of the Avengers!”
Steve let out a choked sob at the thought.
“The city also owns it and put a lot of effort into making it look nice,” Bruce murmured behind Steve but Peter did not hear him.
“Howard won’t wake him,” Peggy assured him. Steve turned back to the woman and she continued, “You haven’t seen it, but he’s changed a lot since he found out Tony is his son. He knows he needs his rest and will not disturb him…”
"If you are not here by oh-seven-hundred hours, then I am going to march out of here in nothing but my skivvies and probably hurt myself in the process," Steve threatened.
“Oh knee!”
Tony quickly discovered that if someone did not have an address or made no income it was nearly impossible to find him.
She cut him off with the press of her lips and slid her body against his. His mouth was still open from almost saying her name when her tongue slid into his mouth. He groaned and his heart was thudding so strongly he knew Natasha had to feel it too. He ran his fingers through her hair and tasted her tongue and mouth. He tasted Natasha’s essence and knew nothing could taste as good as her.
your fau-.”
“I have SHIELD telling your man that you had died and that you were in SHIELD…I had thought that would be enough…” Cable grumbled, “What more does he need? What am I missing…”
“Steve’s not joining your boy band, Eyepatch!” Tony said, pulling his soulmate up to his feet. “Honeymoon phase is starting, Fury, see you in another three years!”
Luckily, no one was in the hall so neither had to account as to why Tony was going into his room. They walked quickly to his room and both practically jumped into the room as soon as the door opened. Steve swung the door closed and laughed when Tony jumped on him.
Steve nodded, understanding and left the room in a sprint.
He missed the simpler days…
might even be hurt but his body was pumping with so much adrenaline he wouldn’t even notice at that point.
Having listened in, Jarvis stated, “At these levels, the suit will require a full charge in three more hours.”
Last August 20
“They’ve got you there, hon,” Steve stated with a smirk, bumping Tony lightly with his hip.
The priest nodded and whispered, “You’re welcome, my son. Now go! Before Hydra sneaks up on us again!”
materials to dispose of when we had no authorization to work with
“So I take it, it’s not permeant?” James counter.
“Wha’s wrong?”
Tony shook his head and said, “She hates me. She shouldn’t hear it from me and you were unconscious so…She and Wade get along…and Wade volunteered to go tell her personally.” Steve looked to Queens and saw a red dot, indicating Wade’s location. Tony continued, “Friday will contact the authorities as soon as he reaches her…”
He spent the time mostly with Steve.
Needless to say, Steve came very quickly.
Steve ran his fingertips over the scar on Tony’s stomach. His belly contracted beneath his touch as he repeatedly thrust himself upon Steve’s cock. The white patch of scar tissue was more sensitive than the rest of his skin and Tony trembled as Steve touched him there.
So…he ran.
Tony guided Pepper to the counter and sat her down. He went over to the coffee machine and started a new pot for Pepper. Steve took his usual space at the counter and began his tale.
“Great morning,” Peter countered and kissed Wade’s neck.
Luckily, them being ridiculously in love was a positive factor in getting Steve to be less angry with him.
“Then why did you do it?” Steve demanded.
Tony heard Steve open and close the fridge and the stranger reply, “Thanks.”
Tony watched him like a hawk. Steve was breathing easily but there was a little smile curling his lips that hadn't been there when he had been in his inert state. He also moved closer to Tony as he slept and move his limbs sluggishly to bring him closer. Tony took this as signs that Steve may not be back in the coma so he wasn’t running for the doctors just yet. His body probably needed more rest after he forcibly woke himself. Or, at least, that was what Tony kept telling himself. he was till a bag of nerves and refused to relax until Steve woke.
“You were amazing,” Wade retorted.
Coulson couldn’t go in there during such a personal moment. Nor could he tell Stark of the doctor’s reasoning for the unexplainable coma…nor could he reveal the other notion starting to form in Coulson’s mind.
Thank you everyone for reading and especially thank you to those of you who have been commenting! Your kind words encourage me to write and, personally, they helped me through a really bad couple of days this past week.
Venom screeched and surged to Wade, leaving Peter staggering after it as he was dragged along. He saw it sharpen its body into dagger points and Peter stumbled to get his feet under. He dug his heels into his rug and it slipped on the hardwood, making him fall back and he jerked Venom back with him.
“S-Sorry,” Steve garbled, wiping spittle from his mouth. He blushed deeply as he wondered whose spittle it was. He ran his tongue over the back of his teeth, guiltily enjoying the new taste to his mouth.
“And how are we supposed to do that Mr. Front Cover of Every Celebrity Gossip Magazine?” Wade countered.
“June 16, 1945.”
Bucky was looking particularly between Steve and Tony but, he put on a teasing smile, and added on, "Steve's new gay ol' buddy."
“Aw no,” Tony gasped. His shoulders fell and he gasped, “I had hoped those two disappeared to get away from Norman…”
They took Tony’s private jet to a private airport and they took a private car straight from the hanger.
Tony held onto Steve tightly and gasped, “You were the best thing that ever happened to me. I wish we had more time…”
The other two crossed the room and Peter said, “Wade says we’ve got another five or ten minutes until the shit hits the fan. So we’re going to give you guys some clothes and your gear.”
“I do too but…” Wade cupped Peter’s face and closed the distance between their gazes so he could fully look into Peter’s eyes. “What is it?” He asked Peter, “What am I missing, baby boy? I want to help you but I was never into the big and noble gestures, you are, so I need you to show me the way…”
“Don’t worry about it,” Bruce interjected. “We’re happy to see you too but, given the situation, perhaps we will give you two some alone time now?”
Tony smile too and he leaned in to privately whisper, “Jarvis’s chips are probably smoking right now.”
“I’m his ‘beard,’ per say,” she replied with a chuckle. “I pretend to be his soulmate so his actual mate and children could be kept safe from this life.”
, watch the clips of me standing up for my man!” Steve chuckled and Tony smiled. Tony ran his hand through Steve’s hair and promised, “You are going to beat this.”
Steve chuckled and leaned heavily into Tony’s side. He whispered, “I wish we could get some real alone time…”
Steve flinched and he saw Tony regret the words as soon as he said them. They stared at each other desolately. Both of them were hurt but still too angry to apologize. Steve reflected on Tony’s words and wondered how much Tony truly believed them. Did he really blame Steve for what happened to Peter?
Tony grasped Thor’s forearm which held the hammer and stated, “Steve said he woke because of you and this thing. It’s not just you! It’s something about your hammer that woke him last time!”
“T-The sound,” Bruce garbled in stunned explanation. He had frozen in place with a single hand raised and did not move as if he feared doing so would disrupt what had just happened.
When Steve came back, Tony almost told him everything. He probably would have if Steve had not silenced Tony’s inane mumbling with a heated kiss. After that, everything fell back into place and Tony pretended the August 20
Wade never really understood the meaning to heartbreak until he lived in that moment where he was too late. No, Peter couldn't be...his voices were silent and his soul felt like it was shrinking away.
Steve
Tony sighed heavily and wondered if he should sit Steve down or maybe put a comforting hand on his shoulder. The larger man’s posturing was dying down as his concerned confusion grew.
When the buzzing stopped, Steve opened his eyes just as Tony kissed one of his freshly bared cheeks. Their eyes met and both tilted their heads to share a kiss.
Steve walked back to where the three men gathered and repeated, “I’m so sorry, Tony. He does not know his own strength. I can pay for the couch.”
Peter turned in Wade’s arms so that they were finally facing each other and lay his hand on the side of Wade’s neck, where the mask ended. He replied, “I wanted to see
Short chapter tonight but tomorrow y'all will get a mega chapter and a new relationship tag. I wonder who it could be? :D
Tony’s hold on him tightened and Steve continued, “But, you can’t stay in that suit 24/7. You need to sleep in a bed, you need to eat, and you need to get some sun…and you need a bath.”
Steve returned to his son’s side and his little boy continued his stretches but quickly threw a number of questions at him.
“Why do you need it in the first place?”
of lives and
Steve smiled at him and held out the soap as he sarcastically retorted, “Welcome to the Army.”
“This. This notebook,” Steve whispered, like speaking any louder would make it burst into flames. “Tony only went to France to the time machine because of what was in this book.”
They continued their “testing” until Eddie threw a paperback book at him. It was small and Peter barely felt it because Eddie tossed it so lightly but it landed with a loud thump beside Peter and their supervisors couldn’t pretend to ignore them anymore. Both men walked over and the more senior demanded, “What on Earth are you two been doing?”
Tony looked down guiltily and murmured, “Okay…”
Peter humphed and stared beadily at what was left of his strawberry ice cream. Looking at the toddler, Steve knew if Tony offered, it would be impossible to deny his boy another.
“…Something wrong?” Peter asked propping his head up on one of his hands.
Tony cupped his jaw and murmured, “I know…I think it’s hilarious though because it’s just us, our relationship, it’s cliché but I love it.”
“Tony?”
to go home. He needed to be home yesterday. Peter needed to be looked at by Bruce as soon as possible. But Coulson did not need to know any of that. The agent liked to keep his secrets and Steve liked to keep his, especially from SHIELD. Coulson was a great man but he was also SHIELD’s new director…
His eyes burned with his tears and his sobs shuddered throughout his body.
In the time spent before the hearing, Tony was with him nearly every waking moment. He was the first thing he saw when he woke up in the morning and the last thing he saw at night. Tony made him happier than he’d ever been but there was always that little anxious feeling in the back of his head. He’d wake up in the middle of the night and instantly feared he was alone and in prison.
“I killed people,” Peter said and the cultured age in Peter’s eyes shone through. Tony’s already broken heart crumbled a little more.
“You mean
Steve cupped his face and whispered, “I’m here to stay, love.”
Steve looked away from the malicious smiling face of their son and to Tony. Steve did not know what his face portrayed but it was powerful enough to draw a painful hiss from his husband.
Flushing, Steve thanked him and followed the priest through a door leading them away from the main part of the church.
Tony inhaled sharply and pushed himself out of their embrace to look at Steve again – really looked at him. The mysterious SHIELD agent who had died in Obadiah’s attack…Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s beard again and his mind felt like it was going to explode.
Steve and Tony tore away at the metal until Pepper yelped and begged them to stop. They both knelt, Tony’s face plate going up as he did, and peered within to where Pepper was tangled with the metal.
It seemed like such a faraway motion. What with his family being split and so recently glued back together, not to mention the media, still printing stories about him and Steve and Peter…their lives felt like a scattered mess that’d take forever to clean up…
“So fucking stupid!” Bucky cursed, “This will definitely change the future…unless, do you think he won’t remember?”
Steve pulled off all of his clothes, most of it he’d probably throw out in the morning, and slipped under the covers with a sigh. It was a little dusty but Steve barely noticed. The mattress and pillows still molded to the contours of his body and made him feel like he was floating on a cloud. It felt so nice to be laying down…
Steve crossed the room in a matter of seconds and demanded, “Are you positive it was her? Mary Parker. Her name is Mary Parker. Is that the name of the woman who works for your dad?”
Steve felt a flush hit his cheeks and he turned away sharply from Bruce. The scientist did not notice as he was too infatuated with whatever was on the slide.
He and Harry got into one of their usual competitive banters and whatever tensions there were between them vanished.
“We’ll still find time together…When we can,” Tony whispered, his voice nearly drowned out by the sound of the tumbling coals.
“Looks like you need help elsewhere, soldier,” Steve replied. The Captain reached over and pinched Tony's chin where Tony had nicked himself shaving. He’d been practicing on himself ever since Steve first helped him shave. With every day, he had improved but still made accidental cuts.
Steve stopped breathing, his vision immediately blurred with tears, and then his brain shut down, unable to handle the sight his eyes beheld.
Wade had been worried how Peter was going to react to morning after such a disaster of a dinner. But, after Peter’s eyes slowly trailed up his body and finally latched onto to his eyes with full blown lust in his gaze, well, Wade’s fear quickly evaporated.
this was impossible. But the girl spun a convincing tale and had “evidence.” In addition, it was juicy and appalling enough to make the media turn on Steve in a heartbeat.
“…The feeling is mutual,” Steve whispered, his eyes dancing.
Double chapter posting enjoy! :D
Could he make it?
Tony put down his phone and gasped, “Wow…It feels like I just confessed to loving you yesterday…”
“It’s probably my skin overreacting to being smothered by the bandages all the time,” Tony brushed it off with a light sigh. Steve never had seen skin react like that to an irritant but, then again, he’d never seen someone with a machine imbedded in their chest either...
Tony’s arm was literally wrenched out of its socket. He heard it pop out and then he was paralyzed with pain as it flopped around as he tumbled across the roof. When he and Steven finally rolled to a stop, his arm bent awkwardly behind him. He sat up and shouted out in pain as the arm fell back to his side. He carefully lay his arm across his stomach and then locked the joints in the suit’s arm to keep it from moving anymore. It definitely was dislocated and might have even been broken.
Wade sighed and tucked his face into Peter’s neck, still looking glum.
He nodded to the wall behind him with half a dozen pictures of b-list or lower celebrities.
Steve cupped Tony’s face and kissed him again. He held his face lovingly and kissed his lips tenderly and softly. He continued until Tony’s relaxed beneath him and he started to cry again. His tears were not from despair or anger but from joy. Steve found himself emulating Tony and hot, happy tears fell from his own eyes and both of them found each other unable to kiss anymore because they could not break their smiles.
Tony sat back down on Steve’s engorged cock and placed his hands on Steve’s chest, tweaking his nipples with his thumbs. Steve shuddered under his touch and Tony now knew it was from lust, not disgust. It sent a thrill of desire shooting down his spine and pulsated in his cock.
He supported Bucky to the nearest workbench and he beared most of the Commando’s weight as he transported him.
Tony personally charged himself with teaching the man the important things like classic rock, cult movies and their actors, and all the different flavors of chips the world provided. They listened to rock all day long, snacked on chips, and watched a movie every night.
Tony clenched his fists and swore with every fiber of his being, “I would
So we're coming near the conclusion, how many more chapters to go, I can't say... originally this was only going to be like 4,000 words and fluffy but then I remembered Venom and this angsty multi-chapter beast was born!
“Whatever happens…let us know if you need us, okay?” Bucky said, his tone serious.
"Hug. Now," Tony demanded.
Howard woke suddenly at the hoarse voice but groaned when the muscles in his neck strained. He’d fallen asleep in the chair next to Tony’s bed and it was his son’s voice that woke him.
The world around them seemed to slow down but Steve’s mind remained quick. He knew what the General was going to do. Ross pulled the trigger and Steve threw his shield.
Steve glanced over to Tony who was standing awkwardly on the other side of the room. He rolled his eyes and pointed to the bedroom. He went into Steve’s room to give them some privacy. Steve sighed lightly. This was not what he imagined to be doing at this point in the day.
Steve pulled on his undershorts as Tony settled into the tub. When he turned back to him, they exchanged smiles and Steve sat down next to him. He murmured, “Well
Steve knew Cable needed the time to repair the reactor and he knew they could not do anything for Tony until the Goblin made his move. Steve could do nothing but wait and it was frustrating. Thinking on it, Steve asked, “Why did you bring me here?”
“Bucky…” Steve whispered.
“…Then I’m lucky you haven’t pulled the trigger,” Natasha replied evenly. Her outward countenance was indifferent but, internally, she was berating herself for such a rookie mistake and was trying to formulate a way to get out of this. The man behind her was a professional. He’d snuck behind her without alerting her to his presence until he wanted her to know. He was either a contract killer or…
Peter put a hand over the spot where the kiss was pressed and felt torn. The lab was calling to him. He could feel an almost physical pull on his body. But, with the simple kiss his stepfather had placed on his forehead, Peter was reminded of the men on the patio and how important they were to him.
“Years…Decades…Probably long after I’m gone,” Tony said. He cupped Steve’s face and stared at it as he whispered, “I’ve been imagining how I would apologize if that was the case…I’d probably make a video. I’d apologize for hurting him and apologize for taking years of his life again…and then…then I’d tell him that I’d always love him.” His eyes started to blur again but he ignored them as he huskily continued, “I’d tell him that I would love him till the day I died. I would probably complain about how I originally did not want to fall in love because I didn’t want him to leave me like everyone else did
He held out his hand to his son and Peter looked at it and then gradually slid his hand into Tony’s. Tony pulled him up and, together, they went downstairs.
Tony appeased, “Dum Dum, I would’ve told you eventually, but I’m still getting used to it myself!”
Tony shook his head with a smile but got to one knee right at the front door and grasped one of Steve’s hands and asked, “Will you marry me, Steven Grant Rogers, mon capitaine of my heart?”
“Nothing yet,” Sam replied. “Natasha, Clint, and Coulson are doing a sweep. If anyone can find him, it’s them.”
Steve sighed heavily and said, “I really hate when you do that, you know?”
Bucky’s fingers dug into Steve’s flesh and he whispered, “First, we’ll get Zola. Then, we’ll get Schmidt and his tesseract…with that we will get Tony home.”
To Tony, one thing was certain: Steve was the media’s sweetheart and Tony was the old dog they liked to kick.
Peter’s heart felt like it was being wrenched out of his chest as he wondered at the older man’s survival.
“Ben, they’ve brainwashed you!” Mary gasped.
“It could spare you pain –,” his father began to argue.
He didn’t want to leave him. It wasn’t enough time. He wanted more with Tony…and Bucky.
argued.
Feeling like a naughty child dipping into the cookie jar, Wade caught Peter's eyes and lightly bit down on his nipple. Peter hissed as his hands tightened on Wade's shoulders, pushing and pulling him in at the same time. Wade grinned and dipped his head, sucking the nipple into his mouth.
It was just a coincidence.
Clint nodded to them and said, “I hear you’re going to get your ass kicked?”
Bucky frowned at his feet and mumbled indignantly, “Fine.”
“Yes, agent, a man. Potts and Stark wouldn’t let me see him but they clarified Stark was in a relationship with a man,” Coulson pressed. “You really knew nothing about this?”
“Ton-?” Steve was about to ask again when he heard a different voice cut through the line.
“SOLO! Put that girl down!” Steve hissed and skidded to a stop. One of the girl’s friends grabbed at Solo’s arm and he pushed the other girl away. He pulled a knife out of his pocket and swung it around wildly. Everyone backed away from him but Steve, who stepped forward and tried to placate him. “Solo,
“I think we should keep you in the machine longer the usual,” Schmidt murmured. He nodded to the technicians and they lowered the contraption back over Steve’s head. Steve’s heart leapt into his throat and he struggled madly against his bonds.
“Start?” Steve chuckled.
Steve had never met anyone his age with zeroed out implants.
flavored?”
He tore his gaze from Tony then unbuckled his cowl as he made his way into the building. The feel of Tony’s breath stayed on his hands and he tenderly ran his fingers over the skin of his palms.
,” Bucky hissed. He began to pace and wildly grab at nothing and continue to curse, “Fuck, fuck, fuck! What did we fuck up?!”
“And the technology today is barely functional at best,” Tony retorted with a snort.
It was so distracting Tony eventually paused in his search to throughly kiss Steve enough that he’d stop distracting him. He left the super soldier a gooey mess slumped on the other side of the bed, watching Tony with a happy smile. It was hard not to stare back but other things were distractingly much more harder at the moment.
tease. And what the heck are you rubbing all over us?
“Venom?”
Clint opened the middle door, exposing a dark, narrow corridor and the two men hurried inside.
Tony threw himself into expanding his father’s business of making weapons as an additional distractor. This, combined with his affairs and other vices, made the public’s view of him change. He was no longer seen as the amazing man who brought soulmates together. He was gaining a reputation of being a playboy, a drunk, and a war monger and Tony did not care.
“That may take me a few hours, Sir.”
“Gabe will know what’s wrong,” Steve stated to assure himself more than Tony. Tony did not reply. His feet dragged in the loose ground, leaving behind twin parallel lines through most of the remains of the battlefield.
Cable carried the reckless Avenger back to the ground level and was met with a company of heavily armed SHIELD agents running up the same stairs he was coming down.
“Did something happen to Steve?”
“It’s beautiful,” Steve whispered and Tony hummed in agreement. Steve continued, “We should do this more…just sit back and enjoy the world. I feel like all we do is hide away from it when we aren’t saving it.”
Steve quickly stepped over to the desk and grabbed the complementary pen and paper pad there. He quickly jotted down his cell phone number and tore the slip of paper from the pad. He pushed it into Bucky’s hand before he could reject it.
Eddie didn’t even pretend to be doing something like Peter was. He stood at the station, staring straight at Peter. After a moment, he whispered, “Hey, Parker.”
Steve had just been himself. He let Tony into the embrace of his big heart and Tony stupidly jumped in blind, not thinking of the consequences…
Wade, however, could not hold back his squeal of excitement when Peter led him into the kitchen and he saw the great Captain America in plain clothes which were being protected by an
Peter watched Thor curiously and without recognition. He had yet to recognize him from his Avenger’s action figures.
It was his first thought every time they forced him into the chair.
When Steve woke that next morning, his arms were unpleasantly empty. He sat up with a small frown as his heart ached for the man sleeping a few feet away from him in the neighboring tent. They couldn’t risk Tony being spotted leaving his tent in the light of day so he left late last night.
In a cautious whisper, Gabe asked, “How did you get into the Army, Tony? Heart conditions mean immediate dismissal.”
“I think I can handle it,” Steve replied with a smirk, thinking of all the miles he trekked in Europe.
“I’m the one who overthinks things, remember?” Tony retorted jokingly when he saw Steve’s expression. Steve rolled his eyes and lifted his boxing gloves. Tony’s eyes focused on something over his shoulder and Steve would have punched him for not paying attention until Tony stated, “Wait, here he comes.”
Stark snorted and murmured, “I doubt Eye Patch is worried…Does, uh…Does he have my notes?”
Tony turned to Steve and hissed, “How the hell has he seen Star Wars already and, you who have been unfrozen for
His home at Aunt May’s was once his safe harbor. Did the alien really think Peter would feel safe here
“You’ll be going out on the Moby’s Tread,” Dr. Kaswani stated pointing to one of the smaller ships. The ship had a red hull and its deck was covered in flurry of activity. The doctor explained, “She’s shipping out tomorrow.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up!” Peter groaned as they disappeared.
“I’m not going anywhere, Peter!” Steve replied to his son. He was going to tease him more but paused when he saw pain flicker in Tony’s eyes for the briefest of seconds. He reached out to his husband and Tony took his hand. Steve pulled him up and he looked questionably at the smaller man.
-all of Venom gone, b-but it stay-
Everyone looked from him to the flowers then back to him again.
Steve felt like he could barely breathe. A wall was growing between him and his best friend and Steve desperately wanted to stop it. But if Steve did that, it meant embracing something he was not ready for. How could Tony ask this of him? With clenched fists, Steve stated with a shaking voice, “This is me. This is my identity.”
“Did you just –?!” Tony hissed but his words were cut off when that pressure pushed down on him from all sides, crushing him. Tony collapsed to his knees and Steve fell beside him. He shakily reached out to Steve and grabbed his hand. Their eyes met and the last thing he saw was Steve’s scared gaze.
Steve sighed heavily and went to run his hand through his hair but his fingers met bandages instead. He awkwardly pulled back his hand and whispered, “I don’t like hospitals, Tony.”
It only took him a few days to realize he was finally dreaming with his soulmate.
Steve was in the hands of his greatest enemy and God only knew what the madman was doing to his soulmate.
“Someone we can trust?” Steve murmured. Was Thor back from Asgard?
“Glad to hear that, Honey-Pie,” Tony replied, testing out the pet name, mostly to annoy Clint.
since the burial.
?!” Both Jim and Bucky exclaimed together.
But he could feel his smile against his lips and it was already well past midnight so he whispered into that happy mouth, “Happy Anniversary, Steve.”
Steve lightly elbowed him but took the offering all the same.
“You've got to be kidding me,” Pepper retorted.
“Don’t tell me they’re your NOTP??” Wade gasped aghast. “We can’t associate if you do not support the now
“We also don’t want the paparazzi to pry at our relationship. It’s private,” Steve finally spoke up and Tony sighed in relief. If he was the only one talking it would have caused some doubt. Steve even reached out and squeezed his hand affectionately. Tony smiled at Steve and, from the corner of his eye, he saw some disbelievers waver.
He stared at her with that unflinching gaze and she stared back unwavering, despite the fact that his gaze made her want to look away. He finally nodded and then went back to eating without giving her his name.
What if he was dying?
Steve chuckled and was smiling so widely his cheeks hurt.
“Not as well as you,” Tony purred and, beneath the table, his foot bumped into Steve’s. He didn't move his leg and the heat of his body sunk into Steve’s from the slight touch.
“Isn’t holding hands just screaming we’re a couple?” Steve stated with wide eyes.
This closeness and those words eventually did him in and he came harder than he ever had before. He collapsed onto Steve's chest and, after a few quick strokes, Steve came too.  Embraced together in their filth, they were breathing heavily, but smiling widely. They exchanged a gasping kiss and then snuggled together with happy sighs.
“Thinking,” Wade gruffly replied.
And then Steve jerked as Venom stabbed him with hundreds on tendrils just like it had done with Wade. Steve slumped in his hold and slowly warm blood started to soak into Peter’s clothes.
Steve put his sketchbook down on the couch and strolled across the room. Tony was adding improvements to his Iron Man suit and Steve had taken it as a prime opportunity to get a few more sketches of Tony in his adorable goggles. Yet sketches were the furthest thing from his mind as he leaned into his elbows against the counter, opposite Tony, and stared at him with a knowing grin.
“I’m being careful. I just…I can’t do anything else,” Peter replied. “I can’t even go online.”
The shield had once been the only known source of the metal in the Western Hemisphere. The Wakandans kept the pure metal locked behind the borders of their country. The only other known source outside of the protective country was the shield his father had constructed for Captain America.
“Guess who’s made it to the party,” Peter announced in a light voice to not draw attention to himself.
Even with the lessened press, Steve waited until Peter questioned about going outside before even considering it. He and Tony debated about it, weighing the pros and cons. Ultimately, it was Steve’s decision that he did not want his son to grow up locked away in the Tower.
Steve was sitting in a chair. His arms were tied down by metal straps but Tony could see the healing wound where his soul implant had been removed. Tony grasped his implant with an excited thrill. He hadn’t died!
“I know right?” Clint cut in. “Out of all of us, I always assumed Tony would be the one with a rugrat crawling around not Steve. Steve would be the las—!”
“Yes, it originally was supposed to contain Hulk if he got out of control. SHILED made half a dozen just in case.”
“How are we going to play like this?” Peter laughed.
The entire reason I held back until now to post this was so I could accurately describe Cable's time traveling device! So guess who finally saw Deadpool 2! XD
“Yes, Ma’am,” Peter said with a light bow. As soon as he straightened, he leapt into a sprint and started running around the perimeter of the gym. The gym took up an entire floor so he had quite a distance to run.
For a moment, Steve pictured Peter sitting on the porch with one of his toys and his stomach clenched. The image did not look wrong, in fact, it looked normal, something he wanted for his son.
,” Peter gasped and rubbed his eyes with a widening smile.
“There! All better!” Tony stated. “Now for phase two testing…”
He rushed over to Tony and hovered worriedly over him. Their eyes met and Tony broke their eye contact almost instantly. He sat up, his eyes trailing over the tent, and asked, “Wh-Where’s Steve?”
How was his heart still beating? The knife seemed to twist deeper every time Steve uttered the word “love.”
He had his Tony back.
“I thought you were bigger,” James replied.
And Bucky comes back and everyone are friends AND CIVIL WAR NEVER HAPPENS! <3
Tony’s heart began to pound wildly in his chest. What if the jolt from Thor’s landing was enough and Steve was already awake?? What if Tony had left the room just as he was waking?? He imagined Steve groggily waking and his stomach twisted with anticipation and uneasy nervousness.
Dad paused, waiting for Peter to reply but Peter was too angry to do so. He heard Dad’s face shield snap shut and moments later his repulsors hummed to life and he took off via the window.
“Tony,” he sighed his name heavily. “Please, stop this. We’ll find him. Come back home.”
“E-Each other?” Tony garbled against his lips.
There was still no reply. Steve returned to Tony and gasped, “Nothing.”
Hours later, Tony suddenly woke with a jolt, not knowing why.
He stared at her with calculating eyes and stated, “I am not James.”
Answering Steve’s prior question, Tony replied, “Yes, much better. Peter up yet?”
Alarm crossed Tony’s features and he gasped, “No! That- That’s
Tony near about came at the question. Images flooded his mind of the various ways Steve could help Tony with his current predicament, the first involving Steve’s mouth and where exactly Tony wanted him to put it.
. I have for years and…well, I was wondering if we can make this real between us. I really
the file fought for dominance.
“Jarvis…please…”
They both leaned into each other and Steve murmured, “It was a long time coming.”
“I now turn to you, the public, be Captain Rogers’ heroes. Help Steve. Voice your outrage. Let’s bring our Captain home.”
“I’ll keep you updated on their location.”
Steve looked back down to Tony and his nose brushed against the time traveler’s. Steve flushed and pulled back a little as he asked, “Are you really alright?”
. You woke me from all my other nightmares, please take me out of this one…” Tony waited and hoped against hope…but Steve did not wake him, because Tony was not asleep, and what remained of Steve was laying only a few inches away, sealed away in his eternal rest.
Tony’s first reaction was to bristle with indignation. Bruce had a cure already?? Why hasn’t he said anything?? Then he processed the rest of Jarvis’s words and his anger dropped significantly.
But, at that moment, it completely and utterly horrified him.
As soon as they were in the elevator and the doors sealed behind them Tony gasped, “Holy Crap! What was that??”
Tony rolled his eyes and sighed heavily with frustration. His father was digging for more unneeded information and Tony could easily deny him but…Tony crossed his arms over his chest and haughtily stated, “You came up with the idea,
Steve chuckled and dropped his drawers and Tony didn’t feel so cocky as Steve’s cock was literally out on display for a moment before he pulled on his new pants.
“Shit,” Peter cursed, finally recognizing its voice and now noticing a familiarity to its build. It was fucking Ultron.
Just a few minutes ago, Logan had two katanas skewering him and Wade was gutted. The madman had finally stopped making bowties with his own intestines and shoved them back inside him. He was holding his belly with both hands to keep his insides from falling out as his skin knitted itself together.
The moment passed in seconds and Steve hurriedly pushed Tony away from him.
Tony turned his head to look at Steve and sniggered when he saw the happy smile on his face. He murmured, “Aw, I gotta get a picture of that.” He dug around the sheets as he searched for his phone and Steve discretely covered his waist.
And he did just that with Tony.
Tony grinned, remembering all the fights he and Pepper got in over Iron Man and his reactor. She had wanted him to retire but here was Steve sarcastically telling him to protect himself but not worrying over the fact that he was mortal or that this was dangerous. It hadn’t even occurred to him to ask Tony to stop wat he was doing. Pep was right, Steve did love both Tony and Iron Man.
Wade took it as his cue to finally step in and murmured, “So you two knew we’d end up together?”
May nodded and Steve had to pinch back tears of his own. He could not believe they so easily trusted him and believed in him.
“Yes, Ms. Potts.”
Afterwards, they sat together, facing each other, Tony’s legs draped over Steve’s thighs, their cocks nestled together side-by-side in the space between them, and their hands covered in suds cleaning every inch of each other. They never stopped kissing each other, whether it was their mouths or kissing the other’s skin.
The teen behind the counter was openly staring at him and, with Tony’s excitement over the Iron Man bear. He probably recognized him at this point but Tony did not pay it much mind because there was a freaking bear of him made to look like his old Bucky Bear and Cap Bears!
Steve gently ran the backs of his fingers over Tony’s cheek and whispered, “I missed you too, love.”
He tried to slip away all cool, but Tony called after him, “Which eye? Seriously? Is the eyepatch a prop or do you have a super computer attached to it??”
“Want to go home?”
But Peter caught himself on the wall as he crawled down it like the forces of gravity held no meaning to him. He must have crawled up the wall the same way and had done so behind the rabbit, which was why Steve had originally not seen him.
Dang it, Red Skull, stop popping up when you are unwanted!
“Shush, James. Where there’s a will, there’s a way,” Aunt Tasha chided. Peter glanced at the couple and saw a small smile grace his uncle’s face. Uncle Bucky had been crushed by his father’s death but Aunt Tasha was bringing him back from the brink.
He ran without looking back but he could feel Tony’s eyes gouging into his back the entire time until he rounded the corner.
“I…um,” he murmured, thinking. He decided with a smirk, “Well, I want something small, nothing like Steve’s last birthday…”
He ran his fingers through Peter’s thick hair. It was longer too. He needed a haircut.
“I will help Hulk.”
“Pancakes first,” Bucky stated, flopping one more pancake onto the stack and then picked up the plate. “Let’s eat.”
Bucky considered his question and then replied, “No, I want to got back…to my research.”
“Want the direct approach?” Tony asked.
“Typically a superhero prevents danger and does not invite danger to his front door,” Steve retorted smartly.
“Yeah…” Tony whispered, his expression sad.
Why lie anymore?
Tony closed his eyes and let Jarvis fly him on autopilot. He pictured Steve, from minutes prior, as he slept, relaxed, serene and in Tony’s arms.
Steve could hear Bucky laughing, punchy and skirting the edge of mean.
He told Da all about Ada Brawer and Gisella Keats, two of the girls in Natacha's group that had been making strange faces at him for weeks. Gisella was an alright sort of girl with bright red hair and dark slanted eyes. She was good at running and told funny jokes. Ada on the other hand had a way of looking at Ian that made him uncomfortable. Like she wanted to own him or something.
“What’s the matter Tony? Afraid you can’t hit that little bell?” Steve teased and Tony huffed, rolling his eyes.
“Thanks. See you later, Steve.”
Bucky rolled his eyes as he fished the radio from his belt. “I didn’t pick the damn name.” He pressed the radio button. “Copy that. Cap and I are going blind. Ten minutes, over.”
Blaine’s hand went down and he leapt from the OWL, down just a few feet into the lake below. Steve jumped after him.
He tapped his glasses as he strode to the door, and quickly scrolled through the preset commands to summon his car. The valets had stopped trying to get him to let them have a go at it.
Saying it out loud only made a lump form in his throat.
Tony read the shock on Steve’s face and chuckled. “You’ll get there. There’s a lot you’ll both have to work through. But you love him, right?”
thanks for tagging along on the ride, everyone!! feel free to send a prompt of your own to my tumblr (@chubbydino) and if you really, really want something cool, keep an eye out for the Marvel Trumps Hate event in a few weeks - I'll have two fics up for auction there (for charity!)!
So many people asked him if he loved Bucky Barnes. So many times, Steve wished he did. He wished he could fall in love with the man who had been through hell and back for him, with him, and through everything else along the way. He wished he could look in Bucky’s steel blue eyes, hardened from war and murder and torture, and love him.
The majority of his classes failed.
Then they were both serious again and advancing toward the fence line. The two men at the gate didn’t appear to be looking in their direction, but Steve didn’t want to take the chance, so they moved slowly, far back in the shadows of the pines.
Bucky nodded slowly. “I’m okay…Steve, are
“Then and only then, I find one cruddy soup can in the cupboard, and that’s when I make your soup. That’s when I make it for ya, ‘cause I know you haven’t eaten all day.”
“You said he was crying, earlier,” Tony murmured. “Define crying.”
Pseudo immortality had always been daunting, but this was so much worse. He was stuck alive to save what was left of his family from the hassle of organizing all of  his arrangements.  And Bucky would lose himself to grief and potentially go rogue or something equally as bad.
If anyone was going to get killed on this mission, it would be Steve.
Steve nodded with a smile. “Sure do. I turned the back porch into a studio over the winter. It’s been working out great.”
If anything, it would start sooner than it had with his mother and father. He and Tony were physical people already, thanks to their jobs as Avengers. They already got in each other’s faces when things got nasty. They already grabbed and tried to hold each other in place when they yelled at each other.
Tony lifted his brows but didn’t look away from his phone. “I’m here, aren’t I? That’s more respect than I give a lot of people, Rogers.”
He thought about one of the massive fights he and Steve had gotten into after Steve had handed over those damned papers.
The pain in Steve’s chest was gone.
Steve had the sudden urge to flee, so powerful that he tensed. He had to leave, that was all he knew.
“You haven’t even said hi to Peter,” Tony said, and Steve didn’t understand why the hell he was pushing this. He could say hi to Peter anytime this weekend, and if Tony wanted him out, he sure wasn’t acting like it.
“He was headed for the cape,” Blaine said. “Were you going to jump, Steve?”
sorry.”
Steve scowled. “You’re being taken back to a U.S. Army base to be sent home.”
Harry laughed and Steve noticed just how…adult they looked. Harry’s sharp jaw echoed his father’s, and there was stubble shadowing his cheeks. Harry reminded him of Bucky, and evidently had the same appeal to women.
Just as he had lathered his face in shaving scream, his phone buzzed on the countertop beside him.
“Hey, Noodle,” Tony started, but Morgan let go of his hand and ran forward, hopping up and down in front of a drawing.
It slid in easily, and Steve pushed the down the plunge.
After Blaine was through the fence, he held back the metal until Steve could slip through before closing the hole again, setting it so that only a trained eye would be able to tell that it had been breached.
“Iced latte,” Tony repeated, tapping on the granite of the bar. He turned to face Steve, same charming smile. “Keeping it simple this morning?”
Winona had high hopes for him. Everything was going to plan.
“I hope you go to bed and think about my suffering child while you drift off to dreamland,” Tony said petulantly. “Sweet dreams.”
A husband that had fully supported Peter in all of his pursuits when Steve had been absent.
Steve carefully made his way through the kitchen , around the espresso machine and through the spot where the shattered ceramic had been but was now gone. Even the coffee platters had been removed from the wood and walls. Tony watched him from the shadows of the bar, right where he’d been standing when Steve arrived.
Steve stepped up to Rhodey, who was furiously scribbling into the guest book to get everyone’s names.
Steve just chuckled. “Fine, but just chips. I’ve spent all day getting this pot roast up to par with your dad and Jackson’s tastes.”
“M’kay. I’ll put the chubmuffin to bed,” Steve said, kissing Peter’s hair again. His skin smelled so…warm. That baby smell was always calming, but knowing this baby was his son made it that much more effective for Steve.
“The hero has to do a one-liner before defeating the villain! It’s Hero 101, Pete, looks like you need to brush up on your hero training.”
Peter leaned into him with a sigh and let him rock him. He was a little unhappy that Wade’d still be breaking the law and hurting people, but…Wade was willing to make a huge change in his life for him. And maybe, overtime, he’d start to take on less and less "illegal" work. For now, Peter could accept Wade may have to break the law. Heck, Spider-Man was considered a vigilante since he wasn’t signed up with any government sponsored team so he was technically breaking the law every time he donned his mask.
Steve continued to tell Bruce but he wrapped an arm around Tony and squeezed his shoulder. Their embrace was their silent way of apologizing to each other.
“You are so cute,” Tony gushed then pulled him down into a kiss. His words took Steve by surprise and it took a couple seconds for Steve to respond to Tony’s kiss. Steve closed his eyes as he returned the kiss and leaned heavily into Tony.
In the time they held each other, Natasha finished applying first aide to his feet and left them to have some private time together. For the longest time, they said nothing to each other as their embrace said enough.
Cap’s command was still ringing in his ear and Wade’s heart was pulling him in the direction of the elevator’s metal doors. Whatever it was the drew Peter away, Wade would be there for him.
At eight and a half minutes, the door opened and Steve spun on his heel and went straight to it.
But, as they began to discuss part guests, Steve quietly reminded Tony, “Don’t forget to add Wade.”
She turned her attention back to the matter at hand. Thor and Bruce waited for her orders. She was Cap’s second. Long ago, they decided if he ever went down in a fight she would be the next to lead. She never thought that moment would ever come…
“Master Parker, may I inquire what it is you are doing?” Jarvis asked via the speakers in phone. Peter twitched. He had factored everything but Jarvis. His first mission was foiled before it even began, what would Aunt Tasha say?
Steve kept walking and Bucky quickly fell into step with him. He asked, “How are you?”
“Wha –?” Tony began to ask and pushed at Steve’s chest. Steve pulled him tightly back into his arms and looked down at the man meaningfully and tapped his own chest where the arc reactor would be in Tony’s chest. Tony’s eyes widened in understanding and he began to pull the blankets toward his chest. Steve loosened his hold on him to let him pull the blankets up and he fully let go of him once he was satisfied Bucky wouldn’t see anything.
“Just started…” Gabe observed to Tony, “The bleeding has pretty much stopped but you are going to get a little scar.”
Steve couldn’t hide the soul crushing sorrow in his expression as he took in Tony’s poisoned flesh.
Steve spared his future lover one last glance and then ran after the other time traveler. As he went up the stairs, he pulled out the photo and unfolded it.
Steve curled into Bucky’s body and held him close. Bucky kissed the top of his head but made no motions to go any further. He held Steve until he was able to contain the pain. He did not completely loose it like the night prior and was able to oppress it after several minutes.
The forest was quiet once they got away from the hustle and bustle of the main body of the 107
Peter returned to the party and his eyes automatically searched out Wade. Their gazes collided from across the room and Wade blew him a kiss. Peter pretended to catch it and pressed it to his lips. Wade and MJ were still together and Peter was going to join them but caught his dad’s eye. His dad waved him over and Peter went to him.
,” Steve replied.
“I do.”
“Don’t charge in, you might scare your bunk mates!” Jim teased, making fun of Tony’s reckless rush into Hydra fire.
“Wait, let me look at you…” Tony’s eyes took in the robot’s form and he gasped, “You changed back. You – You’re back to normal. Mark 15 and all.”
He walked over to the plane controls, his heart growing heavier with every step. He tried, there was the slightest chance that he could gain control of the plane, but he had no response from most of the controls…only the flaps seemed to work meaning he could position the plane pointed up or down…
James sat up. The side of his face was already swelling. She held his arm tightly, desperately wanting to pull him back into her arms.
Steve grasped the side of his son’s face and whispered, “But
Bruce’s lips twitched into a small, tired smile and he said, “As of right now, no. He’s your typical super human toddler. His DNA is not unstable like mine, it is like yours, Steve…He is fine.”
Iron Man raised its head to meet his gaze, but Jarvis did not reply.
He always thought America was paving the way in technological innovation with Howard Stark backing them but it looked like the Soviet Union was going to be giving Stark a run for his money.
Natasha rolled her eyes and said, “SHIELD will get you talking soon enough.”
His masters changed all the time. He could fight his masters whenever he regained enough memories, but the words –
, and he was sheepishly smiling at Steve.
Tony stood up straighter. He had been expecting having to fly halfway across the world to some godforsaken country. Not somewhere in his own backyard
“You had us so worried, you stupid, stupid punk,” Bucky hissed into his neck.
“Eddie…we’ll have to do the experiment later,” Peter murmured.
{And now you will never feel happy again.}
“I’m special then, aren’t I?” Wade asked in a harsh whisper.
He turned back and tucked his head against Steve’s shoulder, feeling as grateful for his super soldier as his past self felt in that moment.
Steve’s eyes darted all over the dark chrome machine. It was built humanoid in nature with arms, legs, fingers, even two eyes, though they glowed with a faint white light. He noted the robot had a marker on its chest though he could not make any sense to what “MK 15” could’ve meant.
Steve fell to his knees without a second thought. He breathlessly repeated, “
Tony pushed Peter away and now he was pushing Steve away.
Wade dragged his lips from Peter’s neck and against his skin until their lips met. Wade licked his bottom lip and then pushed in tongue deeper into Peter’s mouth. Peter groaned and wrapped his arms around Wade’s head to press them closer together. They began to rock faster and the friction between their bodies made their desires grow.
,” Peter gasped. He withdrew his hands from behind Wade’s head and cupped both corners of his jaw. He lifted Wade’s head and, when their gazes collided again, Peter whispered, “Do you know what the first thing I noticed about you when you took off your mask?”
"Took ya long enough, punk. You would not believe where I am right now."
,” Venom’s slimy voice reminded him, sending an unpleasant shiver down his spine.
“I’d love that,” Bruce murmured.
“Like you did when he bashed your head in? How are you going to handle him when you are unconscious…I don’t want to see you get anymore hurt…”
“I know,” Steve whispered, his voice also low. “But you’ll come back. You always come back to me…”
"You can try contacting him, Sir," his AI replied smartly.
They really should talk about their new relationship but…what was there to talk about? Tony was his best friend so he already knew him and
The elevator opened and the three of them walked quickly over to Bruce’s labs.
Tony slowly let go of his leg and then closed his eyes. He licked his lips and then guessed, “Bucky fell.”
“I have every copy in the library,” Tony stated with a wide grin.
They stayed on the pier until it closed late into the night. They ate popcorn and other junk food for their dinner and Tony had a slight sunburn across his face from being in the sun all day. It was great.
His son hated him.
Peter’s emotions began to flutter madly within him as he considered his next words. To keep his voice steady, he carefully whispered, “Never in my mind was this an experiment and you know me well enough to understand that I would never do that with someone. Because of the life I live, I need to consider everything before I become romantic with someone. Dad… You know that I don’t want what happened to Gwen to be repeated…” Peter paused as an echo of an ache pressed into his heart as he remembered Gwen. He dropped his gaze, not wanting to see anyone’s reactions. Everyone remained silent which he was grateful for. He knew what he needed to say now but…but it was going to be hard and painful and he was hurt and angry that he was being forced to say this.
