"You hurt yourself?" Dean can't help the fond smile that pulls on his lips. He shrugs. "I had to make sure he'd understand." Castiel stares at him for a while and Dean can tell what he's thinking. "It was the only way I could think of alright?" He holds his arm out, presenting his wrist to the angel. Castiel steps forwards immediately dropping the bag and cradles the back of Dean's elbow his other hand curling around Dean's own. The contact makes Dean's body thrum as if he's being recharged and the energy radiates between them. He looks up at Castiel and wishes he could see any recognition of what he feels reflected back at him.
"Are going to stop giving me that look, and you," He points to Castiel. "Are not going to not blame yourself for this." Dean's head lifts and he gives them both a pointed look before laying back down again. Cas sighs uncomfortably and opens and closes his hands repeatedly by his side. He moves his mouth as if to speak but seems to change his mind and disappears in a flutter of wings, leaving Dean to watch crappy reality shows and for Sam to search through the internet in an attempt of finding a curse that could match Deans symptoms.
Just the thought of Cas being chained up somewhere, beaten and alone, makes his stomach flip and Dean has to open his window to stop the bile that's crawling up his throat. However, the cold air does little to settle his stomach and only seems to agitate it more, making it ten times harder to swallow the lump in his throat. "Yeah I know he's still an angel," He rolls his eyes at himself for sounding so defensive, but seriously this is Castiel against a creature that has the equivalent to the bible written about itself in Greek mythology. For all either of them know, Chimaera's have been around for just as long as angels have. "Doesn't mean he can't get hurt." He mumbles and rubs his callous hands down the leather exterior of the steering wheel as he turns into the motel parking lot.
Dean doesn't keep his promise and by the time Sam wakes up they're already in Sioux falls and driving through the gates of Singer's Salvage Yard. Sam yawns and pulls himself up to rest his head against the passenger seat. "Where are we?" He murmurs sleepily and rolls his shoulders. The extra rest may have been helpful but sleeping in the Impala isn't always ideal for someone of his build- in other words tall Sam plus small seats equals bad neck. "Bobby's." Dean chirps cheerfully from the front. Sam observes the mess that has consumed his brother; Dean's eyes are bloodshot with dark bags under them from where he's been rubbing them constantly to stay awake, his usual confident posture has been replaced with a drained, cramped figure that barely resembles Dean, and his mouth has been forced into a tight smile to hide how tired he is. "Dean, what the hell, why didn't you stop at a motel, or at least wake me up?" Sam asks.
Dean winces as his muscles tense around Castiel's finger, but after circling the hole a few times, his body relaxes and Castiel presses inside faster.
Dean suddenly has the urge to shove the photo into his pocket just to have something, just a piece of evidence to prove they were happy at some point. But he can't bring himself to do it not when Jo and Ellen have lost so much of the memory they tried to protect. They can at least gain back what they lost whereas Dean won't miss something he barely remembers.
Bile sits at the base of his throat as once again he questions himself. Why Castiel and if any of his feelings are actually real or just the grace. Ashamed and embarrassed, Dean turns away to avoid the archangels icy stare. There's a pause for no more than ten seconds, he can feel Bobby's gaze watching him and then Castiel speaks. "I know what I did and I know I shouldn't have blindly followed orders but I can't change what happened. We don't want Dean to do this. None of us wants to start a war but what else are we to do?" He pauses his expression imploring Gabriel to come up with an answer. "We need your help, Gabriel."
Dean throws himself back on to the bed, rubbing his forehead to try and release the stress stuck there.
Dean frowns, slowly pushing himself from Castiel's grip. "Cas what the hell did you do that for?" He asks gently, afraid that too much noise might startle the angel into more explosions. But when he turns back to Castiel he sees the opposite of caution. He's starring at Dean in awe, as if he can't quite understand what happened but doesn't care. His pupils are dilated, blown so wide that they're almost completely black like an abyss sucking the blue into them. "Cas?" Dean watches him with wide eyes, subconsciously stepping back. Castiel seems to shake himself out of whatever state of shock he's in and focuses on Dean. "I-" He pauses. "It wasn't
For a moment Dean considers shouting for Sam and leaving him to sort this out but decides against it. If the guy isn't going to calm down then he's going to have to do it anyway. "Get away from me!" Dean moves forwards and raises his knife but it only makes Jake
"Sorry I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." She murmurs as she hands over his change. Dean glances up at her.
Dean stares into Castiel's eyes but can't will his lips to move. His mind is blank and his eyes wide as he stares at Castiel in horror. The angel's eyes desperately search Dean's... waiting. This whole thing, it's so much bigger than him, there are so many things he's not being told, that he doesn't understand. He searches his mind for something reasonable to say. But all that comes out is, "How's Sam?"
The angel doesn't move even as Jo crowds closer making no effort to answer her questions even as she continues to yell at him on Dean behalf. For a moment Dean almost wants to let her continue shouting at him, knowing that no one will stand up for the angel, that Castiel will let her shout until her voice dies. But then he realises those are exactly the reasons why he should stop her. Castiel doesn't deserve it, just because Dean's feelings are hurt doesn't mean Castiel should feel the brunt of it. The angel saved his life more than once, he killed his own brothers and sisters to protect Dean and even now his powers are restricted in order to keep angels away from them. The realisation makes Dean's cheeks burn, ashamed.
It's a cruelly ironic outcome that forces him to move from underneath his family's foot and stop being the one who helps people up and instead become the one who is forcing people down for him to walk over.
Dean glances away disgusted with himself and tries to occupy himself by chugging the closest drink to him which just so happens to be the whiskey the bartender had left him, leaving him with a bitter taste in the back of his throat as it burns its way down to his liver. The angel turns away from Dean as the bartender finds her way back to them and he holds out his hand to get her attention. "Can I have a beer please." He says with unflinching confidence and an almost-there smile. The bartender, now apparently forgetting about Dean, blushes a rosy pink and passes Castiel a beer noticeably letting her finger linger on the angels.
Dean's brows furrow but he manages to turn his grimace into a somewhat realistic smile. He forgot about his face for a moment. He almost feels guilty for drawing her attention and automatically dips his head to hide behind his cap.
Castiel grins proudly as his eyes run over the grey outline of his hot tub as he watches a white glow radiate the air and steam evaporate into nothing more than particles while dirty blonde hair sticks out from the water slick with-
, his dick hardens impossibly more and he feels a wet patch begin to form on the front of his boxers. "I'm not
They collapsed against each other and pant as they come down from their high. Dean swallows as he stares at the ceiling somehow used to the weight of another body on his chest. It's only when Castiel pulls out and is stood naked in front of him that he realises what they have done and before he can panic his eyes fall with exhaustion and the world disappears in a blur.
Dean nods back somewhat distantly, his mind trying to organise his previous thoughts. Castiel turns to leave but he's stopped by a hand on his arm. Before Dean realises what he's done Castiel is turning to face him. "I- um. Could you.." Dean glances down at the bed, his fingers tightening ever so slightly on Castiel's trench coat. "Just for a minute." Dean rushes when Castiel doesn't respond immediately, his cheeks burning pink.
He withdraws his fingers from Dean's hole, chuckling when he groans in protest before he lubes himself up with a mixture of his spit and precome and then positions himself in front of Dean's entrance.
"Yes." He slurs trying to hide from the flashing lights by burying his face in Jimmy's neck. Jimmy walks him outside a strong arm wrapped around his waist to hold him up.
The wolf snorts a bitter laugh. "So thanks for that. Bastards chained me up because they seemed to think we don't need to kill humans to survive, so I went out, killed a group of hikers, brought them back. The main guy didn't like that so he knocked me out and that was that. Found myself in chains by the time I came to." The creature says casually as if being chained up is just an everyday inconvenience.
Dean wishes he could say that -Holy hell does he- just to be able to hurt Sam like Sam's hurt him, but it would just be a lie.
"Dean! Breakfast!" Dean jumps, his heart racing as he looks around the room. He's...at home? The pale walls and wooden flooring are instantly recognisable along with the many trophies and medals hanging around the room labelled 'Winchester'. How is he here? Why? Dean rubs his eyes and carefully steps onto the floor ready for the world before him to melt beneath his feet but it doesn't and before he can process his movements he's already in the hallway, the smell of toast and bacon filling the air. He looks around himself in shock.
. "Well there's only seven sins, right? So we just have to narrow it down to what ones you've been through and what ones you haven't." Dean nods again and sips his beer as he skims over Sams notes. "Okay, so how are we gonna do that?" Sam smiles and walks across the room to flick through a huge stack of paper cluttered on Bobby's desk. Dean briefly wonders how the hell Bobby can find anything in his house apart from crumpled old paper and devil traps with how unorganised it is. But then again Bobby's one of the smartest people Dean's ever met, and that's including a certain brother named Sam and an angel named Cas. For all Dean knows, Bobby could have everything colour coded and filed by order of size.
Ellen shakes the water off of her hands and grabs the edge of the towel Dean's using it to dry them. She leans her hip against the counter and her arms fold neatly over her chest. She's silent for a long time as Dean dries the last remaining plates before she places a warm hand on Dean's back and says, "He saved my life."
Dean grabs the front of Castiel's trench cost, hoisting him into the air. Castiel's hands alternate between pulling at Dean's hands and pushing at Dean's shoulders with the hope that he'll drop him. The lack of air coursing through his crushed windpipe is enough to make his vision blur as he struggles to swallow oxygen. Quickly, he raises his arm above his head and brings it down with as much force as he can manage on Dean's forearm. The hunter hisses in pain throwing Castiel across the floor with ease, leaving him spluttering on the ground.
Dean blinks, rolling his head to the side. Flashing colour spots sting his vision. The car is filled with the constant back and forth between light and dark as they pass streetlight after streetlight. He's in the impala her soft cushion seats tempting him to close his eyes again. He can just about make out the curve of Castiel's cheekbone in the darkness. The angel is frowning at Bobby and Dean's not surprised. He probably feels as worried as Bobby sounds. Dean groans as he sits up.
"Please Dean sit down." Castiel is looking at him with bright eyes his expression open. Avoiding Castiel's gaze, Dean sits. "Dean
Dean sits up, pulling Castiel's hands closer. "I know Cas, I know. I'm just tired of not getting anywhere." Castiel is silent for a moment, his eyes searching Dean's before he glances away.
Castiel laughs, rubbing the back of his neck guiltily. "Ah, yeah something like that." He mumbles as he watches Dean through his lashes. He's never so easily found someone that he relates so well to let alone two people. Castiel smiles at the thought of actually having two people he can refer to as his friends and one who he can call more than a friend.
Dean leans back in his chair observing the bar. It's fairly busy and somehow in the hour that he's been here the smell of cigarette smoke has changed to perfume and stale beer, the type that clings to clothing and skin.
Within the next second Castiels arms are wrapped around him, holding him close to his chest. Dean pushes at the angel's chest trying to escape but the angel keeps his arms wrapped around him his grace soothing him. Dean feels lightning crackle through his veins, the fear burns through his chest and his fingertips dig into Castiel's chest. Deans breath leaves in short stutters. "I don't think I can do it Cas." He whispers, his face buried under Castiel's chin.
The psychiatric nods sending me a kind smile before standing up to his full 6'5 and leaving the pale room. The only trace of him being a piece of paper showing my drug schedule and a note 'don't worry, your journal will stay private'.
Dean cuts off the gasp that threatens to burst out. He doesn't let any emotion show on his face but he can't control the way his grace dulls ever so slightly, fear getting the better of him. Dean presses his lips together, making them all but disappear. His hands twitch at his sides, the impulse to reach out for Castiel ingrained into his mind even when the angel isn't around.
He runs through the house, bursting out of the backdoor and racing across the gravel, he trips and stumbles his way towards the salvage yard.
Dean can't control the suddenly surprised gasp he let's out at the sight of the angel. He's standing in the corner of the room yet it's almost as if the room itself brightened just by him being in there. Dean hadn't been given the opportunity to just look, to see just how beautiful this man is. He sighs softly feeling a kind of contentment he hasn't felt in a long time.
"Trust me I'm not happy about it either, I'm already missing your home cooking. I don't think I've got much chance of getting a decent meal between Bobby and the angel." Ellen grins at him, nudging her foot against his own. Even if they could, they never would've been able to stay here longer than a couple of days, not without putting both Ellen and Jo at risk.
Castiel continues watching Dean, not wavering but not offering a solution. Instead, he offers his hand for Dean to take and instantly he feels a strong calm rush through him. "There's an angel," Castiel begins. "Uriel." His hands grip Dean's a bit tighter. "He has a following, around four dozen of my brothers and sister, half believe in what he stands for and the other half just want to prove their worth. He believes humans should follow the plan we create for them, he wants to eradicate free will."
He glances at Castiel who's stood looking absently through a stack of magazines. The angel flexes his hand, causing the magazines to spin in their holder. Dean worries his bottom lip as he watches Castiel entertain himself. He can't help but look at the angel's lips, to notice their ombre effect, the way the light plays with the colour and changes them from a pale pink to dark peach. His hand subconsciously runs across his own lips as he recalls the feeling of those lips being on his own. The thought that Castiel's lips would be anywhere near Dean's let alone Dean being able to recall in detail the way Castiel kisses seems ridiculous, borderline insane. But it doesn't stop Dean from replaying the sensation over and over in his head.
Dean studies Sam for a moment, his eyes switching from looking at the photos to looking at Sams laptop as he tries to decide whether or not this is crazy; because, in reality, this is
are not going anywhere. I'm gonna go drive there and you're gonna stay here with angel boy where it's safe."
Then suddenly he's not falling anymore. He's desperately holding onto the outside wall of the hospital, grasping at the cold stone as he's forced to stare at the potential fall below him. The wind blows in all directions, making the rain seem even heavier as it throws itself at him, beating him against the wall.
Glowing eyes stare back at him reflecting in his own. The wide eyes watch him as if trying to hypnotise him as they follow his movements. He can't tear his eyes away, unable to focus on anything but the creature's pale white eyes pressed against the window. Lightning comes like a rip in the inky night and suddenly his seatbelt is tearing at his skin as the wheels skid on wet asphalt. A vicious crack echoes as something collides with the side of the Impala. Bobby swerves across the road heading straight for two oncoming cars and throwing Dean to the side. Bobby tries to spin the wheel but he can't do anything as his car skims along the surface of the water.
"After the crash, the hospital tried to get ahold of me as I was your next legal guardian but the number they rang was old, it took them weeks to reach me and by the time I got there you were gone. They told me they still had your stuff and they'd filed a missing report but that was all they could do."
Sam glances behind himself as he walks around the Impala to get to the passenger seat as if expecting the angel to be following him. "He's not coming, I asked him to do some research." Dean nods, almost disappointed but tries to contain his relief and waits for Sam to get in the car before turning on the ignition and pulling out onto the road.
Dean yawns, his brain beginning to turn to mush, and wanders towards Bobby's house with his duffel thrown over his back and their weapons duffel dragging beside him. It brings back a lot of memories being back at Bobby's after so long. He smiles faintly at the memory of him, Sam and John showing up on Bobby's doorstep for a place to stay. He remembers that week and the smile slips off of his face, it's probably in the top ten of
Castiel takes another step, the building somehow managing to keep standing. He can hear quiet chatter from inside and the soft humming of music, vibrating against the walls and travelling along the floor. It's nothing out of the ordinary for a derelict building, a hovering depressive aura creeping around it. It's only when Castiel reaches the top step that things start to change, the quiet chatter erupts into loud cries, the dangerously sharp sound of shattering glass hitting the floor and he takes the time to become more wary of his surroundings as he steps through the cowboy style doors and into a dark hallway.
Dean smirks. "I didn't know you were so prepared to fight for me?" Jo rolls her eyes affectionately before her mouth falls into a frown.
Sam sends Dean a 'what the hell are you doing' look and checks to see if they're alone before speaking. "Dean what's going on? You've been fidgeting in that chair for the past five minutes non-stop!" He whispers. Castiel's attention drags across to Sam and Dean and he moves swiftly from where he was leaning against the counter to around the table, dragging a spare chair out from underneath it and sitting next to Dean. "Okay, dude. This is going to sound crazy." Dean begins, his hand grasping around the other atop of the table and making a whine-like noise in the back of his throat, covering it up with a cough. Sam nods for him to continue. "I really,
He knows Castiel doesn't love him back, at least not in the way Dean does, but he can't resist. He leans in a little closer, their foreheads gently touching and kisses Castiel's warms lips. His lips brush Dean's. He kisses him and the world falls away. It's slow and soft, comforting in ways that words can never be. He hears Castiels soft intake of breath before Castiel rests his hand below Dean's ear, his thumb caressing his cheek as their breaths mingle. Until finally, they pull apart and take shaky, shallow breaths.
"No, he only told us about this room," Jo murmurs. Dean steps forwards and his foot nudges against something sharp. He crouches down, dusting glass from over the top of the wooden frame. He swallows.
He waits, counting ten heartbeats before he lowers the gun. He glances towards the door, the thinly curtained window beside it doing nothing to shield the room from the orange glow of the street lights outside. Another click alerts Dean and this time he grips the gun but doesn't raise it.
His voice sounds hoarser than usual, different, not his Dean. Castiel pauses, taking a slow breath and steps forwards away from the wall and into the light of the doorway.
Dean grins triumphantly, impressed that his lock picking skills are still as good as they used to be if not better. The same dark shadow washes over Dean and he quickly turns holding his gun up and aiming it at the nearest object, which just so happens to be a chair. He frowns, cursing under his breath.
"What do they mean?" Dean asks. "The dream. It could only have been the angels but who do they mean." He pauses, hesitating at Castiel's lack of response. "They can't of meant John. Did they mean you?" He asks. "They're telling me I can't protect you?"
from this lady until whoever she really is, is left with nothing and it's a bitter-sweet feeling. The brothers stare at each other, waiting for the other to come up with a- well, an anything. "Cas, any idea's?" Sam asks, glancing at the angel. Usually, he would at least try to think of an explanation but after all the crazy crap that's gone on these past few days he decides to give the detective hat to someone with more experience. Castiel directs his attention to Dean and studies the other man silently while Dean examines a suddenly
"Dude. If I wake up one more time on a bed between you two I'm gonna have to start asking questions." Sam chuckles in relief, thrilled for the first time in his life to hear Deans stupid jokes; however, Cas is unamused by the hunter and crosses his arms over his chest.
The door opens and a woman with blonde hair and a tired smile greets them. "Hello, can I help you?" Dean forces himself into his FBI act and smiles, adding a sympathetic tone to his voice when he speaks. "Yes, Mrs Stewart?" The woman nods, the smile gently falling from her face. Dean notices the way she inches the door closer to the frame as if she is going to shut it and Sam seems to notice it too. "Hi, I'm agent Moats and these are my colleagues Stark and Banner." Sam interrupts, placing his hand out for the woman to shake which she cautiously does. "We're here to talk about your son." The woman's face drops into a less than friendly scowl but slowly she moves back and opens the door, allowing the two hunters and angel into her home.
Dean sighs trying to force himself as close as possible to the angel in the hope that they'll join and become one just so that he might be able to forget. He listens to Castiel's heartbeat, the warmth enclosing him. He breathes in. "I had a nightmare." Castiel's hand rubs up and down his back. "It-it was my... it was John he was yelling at me. More of a memory. A week before I ran away, we were arguing. It was my fault, I was failing school. I didn't have time- I- he wanted me to do so much. I couldn't handle it." A gentle sob interrupts him and he pulls Castiel closer.
Before Dean has the chance to react Castiel surges forwards, slamming his lips into Dean's and knocking the wind from his lungs. Dean replies almost instantly by pressing his tongue to the seam of Castiel's lips and delving into his mouth. The kiss is sloppy and desperate, the taste of copper mixing with the smell of leather as their billowing breaths intermingle. Castiel's arms reach up and wrap themselves around a sun-kissed neck, tangling his fingers through the short strands at the back of his head. In an instant Dean pulls away, forcing Castiel's head to the side as he kisses from his jaw down to his chest and sucks a bruising mark onto his collarbone. Castiel's arches up into the broad chest above him, moaning at the contact of body heat against his own. Dean pushes his hands underneath Castiel, grabbing his ass and pulling him closer. He thrusts drunkenly above Castiel, moaning into his neck before drawing back and attacking his lips. Castiel whines at the slight burning taste of whiskey rolling off of Dean's tongue and seeping down his throat with every push of his tongue.
"So you're Dean huh?" Dean startles, spinning on his heels to look in the direction of the voice. Gabriel is stretched out across Bobby's sofa languidly looking around the small room. Dean moves in front of Castiel as Bobby moves in front of him, now armed with his shotgun and aiming it at the archangel. Dean scowls.
The tears blur his vision and then he's laying down, staring at his bedroom ceiling. Dean inhales a shaky breath as his tears fall. He swallows willing them to stop but they keep falling. His throat hurts with the effort to hold them in. He closes his eyes and more fall with them. He doesn't want to see them fall, to feel so weak and useless. He rubs his knuckles into his eyes trying to stop the tears but it only makes it worse. His bottom lip quivers and he bites it to stop the movement. He swallows down a sigh and lays his arm over his eyes. He still can't believe John said it, he finally told Dean he doesn't want him there. His hands are shaking but he can't stop them.
"I had planned on killing you but I believe we can work together and both get what we want. I can help you find the unfaithful angels, the ones that don't follow orders or their duties. We can improve heaven and earth side by side. An angel and human working together. And once we're finished your powers will disappear and you can return to your normal life, you'll forget everything eventually, like a dream."
A glass of water wobbles and falls from the tray, heading for the floor. Instinctively Dean reaches out to grab it but the glass is just out of his reach. Until suddenly it stops, it freezes in midair and everything else freezes with it. He can no longer hear the continuous beating of Sam's heartbeat monitor or the tweeting of the bird's nest on the roof.
It wasn't like a normal burglary there was no order, no set way of going through the belongings, small weight, big trade value, drawers first, shelves second. Instead, it was hurried and manic. Whoever was in here knew what they were looking for and from the looks of things they must have found it.
"Go ahead," When Bobby frowns he gestures for him to move. "I'll be right behind you." Bobby walks out and he watches him go before turning. Instantly he is met face to face with Uriel, the angel on the edge of the circle.
Dean catches himself in a trance. It's almost unnatural to see an injury on his body after so long of being healed immediately each time. God, he hopes this works.
"What!" It's both alarming and extremely intriguing to see Bobby panic and if they were under different circumstances he's certain the sight of Bobby panicking would trigger a newfound fear inside of him. Instead, Dean places his hand over Bobby's where he's gripping the towel. Slowly he pulls both Bobby's hand and the towel off of his wrist. "I didn't know how to tell you because I don't really understand it myself...but I thought this would be pretty clear."
He covers his head with his arms as the demon grabs at him. A sudden searing brightness burns his eyes and Dean takes the opportunity to kick blindly at the demon until he rolls off and onto the ground. He sits up, pushing the demon's body off of him, glancing up at Castiel who's standing above him. The angel holds out his hand and Dean only just misses it as Ancitif lunges and pulls Castiel backwards.
"Dean!" Sam's voice signals his brother's entrance and somewhere to the left of him there's a loud bang that startles Deans eyes open. There's gunshots and shouting but Dean can hardly breath let alone keep his eyes open when suddenly a bright light shines in the room. At first Dean shies away from it as it blazes through his closed eyelids but when an electric pulse vibrates through his body, his eyes shoot open in shock from the pleasantly fierce feeling. Dean blinks repeatedly and stares open mouthed at the man before him. Cas? His eyes fall shut and he barely manages to voice his thoughts as a confused, "Cas?" passes through his lips.
you have to take life and death into your own hands." She soaks her hand in the water, disturbing the bubbles. "That's why your parents stopped after they had you and that's why I don't think Bobby will ever stop. Someone's life is always at risk Dean, with us, it just happens to be the ones we care about most."
He hasn't seen Castiel in weeks, not since the incident, not since Dean rejected him. He doesn't know if it's by coincidence or if it's the curse but the longer he doesn't see Castiel the more he thinks about him. It's like an albatross hung around his neck if he's not with Castiel he's thinking about him and even when he was with him all he could think about was him. His scent, the feeling of his skin against Dean's fingertips, the way his voice makes Dean's body vibrate with a kind of want he can't replicate. And not only is his memory betraying him but once again so is the rest of the world. Every mirror, every reflection he sees Cas, every whisper of his name he turns and holds his breath.
Dean massages his throbbing temples as he glances at the same page, reading the same line over. The words seem to blur together. Bobby had suggested doing research, claiming they need to at least try and find something to protect Dean if Castiel and Bobby are unable to do so. Dean blinks rapidly and presses his forehead into the book, to try and imprint the information into his mind. The symbols, the names, the methods. He groans and glances at the stack of books piling up in front of him. He leans back in his chair and looks at the ceiling before forcing his gaze back down to the table. He stifles a yawn and rubs his bleary eyes. His thoughts are slowly becoming groggy and incoherent.
"Okay, we'll summon him," Bobby stands up walking over to his desk and grabbing one of his journals. "Cas wrote down the ritual in case we'd need it." He moves back and forth grabbing items before diverting into the hallway and then placing his collected items onto the desk. "It'll be difficult but we can do it, we'll get him back here. Trust me."
Castiel's expression tightens as if he is desperately trying not to frown. "I understand, Dean." Dean shifts on the bed, focusing on Castiel's eyes, ensuring he understands.
The ground is littered with dirt, glass, books, and torn paper. Row after row of neatly lined up books with their spines facing outward, colour coded with dots, arranged in alphabetical order. Just like the rest of the room, the bookcase is old and basic but still has integrity. The wood is straight and hugs the wall. On closer inspection, Dean can see scratches, the wood a little paler where it's been dinged.
. Dean shrugs to himself and starts up the Impala, stroking the steering wheel affectionately. It's been way too long since he was last behind the wheel of his baby and he forgot how relaxing it is to feel her engine purr beneath him, massaging away any other thoughts except to get on with the case. Dean presses down on the acceleration and continues forward.
Castiel inhales sharply, watching him carefully as heat lights behind his eyes. God Dean is so hungry he wants -no, no he needs- he needs something, anything. His skin itches with desire. There are too many sensations shaking his system and with the rush of adrenaline boosting his senses he barely feels the throb of his stomach. It's only when he coughs and a spray of blood shoots across the wooden table in front of him does he realise that the throb is more like a stabbing jab as if someone is gripping his stomach and squeezing it into a tight ball. He brings his hand up to his mouth and marvels at the blood on his fingertips. He glances up at Sam who is looking at him with the same concerned expression, then back to Castiel.
Dean feels himself slip deeper into sleep, his body becoming limp before he can no longer form coherent thoughts.
Holding his breath Dean turns around. He can't trust the angel. It doesn't matter whether or not he believes the angel. He knows Uriel will kill him if given the chance.
The kid seems quite surprised that Dean's talking to him and nods, frowning in the direction of the other boy. "Yeah, he's always like that." Dean nods along as if he can relate to the boy but pauses when he thinks about his and Sam's relationship. As kids they never exactly fought to
Dean curses and takes a few long gulps of his beer. "I'm gonna need a lot more beers for this." He mutters under his breath. Sam is still looking at him and Dean pulls a face at his brother, he knows Sam is worried but he needs to quit the starring he's almost as bad as Cas. "Do you remember what they were chanting?" Sam asks curiously and stands up to trace his fingertips along the spines of the books being held on Bobby's bookshelf. "Who am I, Sherlock Holmes? I can't remember what I ate the s'morning let alone what some witches chanted a week ago." Sam doesn't turn around but Dean knows he's rolling his eyes. "Well has it done anything?" Bobby questions and snatches back his bottle of whisky that Dean has drained. "You been acting weird because of it?" Both brothers exchange looks. Dean would defend himself with a firm no but he knows he has no chance of winning that argument, so he just shrugs and passes the metaphorical pen to Sam so that he can begin listing Deans weird behaviour over the past days.
"Go pay while I use the restroom. Wait for me, don't leave alone." Dean nods taking the items handed to him and walking over to where the clerk is standing.
"You said that was the last time you saw your son?" Sam asks Mrs Stewart, eyeing Dean suspiciously who's been shifting in his seat for the past five minutes or so. The woman nods and dabs her eyes with a napkin to wipe away tears that seem to be non-existent. She sucks in a shaky breath and stands up. "Can I have a moment please." Mrs Stewart doesn't wait for an answer and hastily walks out of the cream coloured kitchen.
He hears Sam talking but he can't focus on his words as he continues to slip in and out of consciousness. Castiel gently touches his arm, shaking him to get his attention. "The worst of the curse should have worn off by now. But I'll try my best to ease your discomfort as much as possible. You should rest." Dean sighs as a rush of contentment soothes him but it quickly begins disappearing as Castiel removes his hand from Dean's shoulder. Dean holds his hand out grabbing Castiel's hand just as he turns to leave. "Stay." He mumbles not bothering to open his eyes instead choosing to drag Castiel's hand closer and rolling onto his front. His body aches with sleep and he thinks he hears Castiel mumble something along the lines of "I promise." But it was probably his imagination and trying to think is draining him. He feels this blackness come over him. Like a blanket but not a blanket of warmth a blanket of coldness making him shiver. Somehow it's making his eyes heavier and heavier. His body relaxes finally drifting into a dreamless sleep.
Sitting bleary-eyed and emotionless at the table, Dean slowly munches through a mouthful of cereal. For the first time in a long time, he is completely alone. No angels watching him over him or doctors marvelling at him. Bobby's house used to be somewhere warm that held nothing but good memories of him and Sam. But now all it offers is a cold feeling that makes his chest feel hollow and his mind fuzzy. His gaze lifts, tracing the walls of the hallway, the walls have faded into a grey-green even the wooden beams seem to have a grey-tinge to them. Were the hallways always this long? Always so
Engulfing the cool breeze, he opens his eyes to wake himself up. Sam watches inattentively as the dead grass quivers in the light wind, pieces flying away at random and getting caught in the larger plants and shrubbery. The sky's blue is veiled in a haze of light gold, as it sometimes is in the early summer: it's silent, warm, the sky without a cloud. If he tried hard enough he could probably imagine that they were on holiday somewhere, somewhere exotic and relaxing instead of broken down and filthy; and that he and his brother only went to these types of places every couple of years -instead of every couple of days- because they actually had places to be. But what's the point in imagining, hunting is their life and always will be, he's grown accustomed to the idea of it and has learnt to accept it -even if it does mean shaving points off of his life.
Castiel realises he must have been staring for longer than he thought since Dean had stopped cleaning the cup and started smirking at him. Castiel blinks a few times as his eyes widen trying to pass off that he was just daydreaming. Dean licks his lips while chuckling to himself then leans on the counter, "Nope not a bartender, just like being behind the bar." He smiles looking into Castiel's eyes and studying them. Dean moves his hand up to Castiel's face stroking some of his hair that had fallen down.
"Not helping, just not letting you die. Now get out of here, there are enough bullets to at least get you a couple of miles away from here."
He's electrocuted time and time again in hope of getting any signs of a heartbeat even though it's pointless. Someone's screaming beside him, yelling at him to wake up, to move, but it easily fades into the background noise. The lights are too bright, he can barely see. He feels his head slump to the side, the lack of oxygen flowing through his body decreasing with every breath. It's true what they say about not being able to recognise yourself if you were to be shown a direct copy because when Dean looks to his side to see a young boy screaming and crying, with dark red blood covering his face, he doesn't recognise him. He doesn't know this boy or why he's so very sad.
"Would you like me to watch over you?" Dean blinks, taken aback. Does Castiel think he stopped here to bribe him into his room?
The Impala pulls into a space and Bobby switches off the engine. "Look Bill was a great hunter. I've never seen anyone else with a collection like him. He had books on every creature that's so much as grazed this earth." Dean sighs. The more Bobby talks about hunting the less Dean's able to pretend he's talking about animals. He easily made the connection that hunting is Bobby's mysterious job and that's why he's so averse to these creatures and how to defeat them. "If anyone has something that will help us it's them." The thought makes him shift trying not to think about how many different supernatural creatures he's probably been around without knowing.
Before Dean can turn, the door handle is pulled out of his hand and Bobby is dragging him towards the impala. Uriel's smug smirk burns itself into Dean's memory. "We need to go, now."
"Well, it must be your lucky day, getting yourself chained up and then meeting me." Dean winks at the lycanthrope and waves the silver knife confidently in its face. The thing tilts his head away from the pointed weapon and scowls at the hunter. "Yeah lucky me." He murmurs with an eye roll and gestures to the chains around his wrists. "What's your plan for me now?" He asks with a smirk playing on his lips as he stretches out his legs and pulls against the chains.
"Are we all in?" Questions the guide, a young man in a Mammoth Cave fleece, carrying a torch. There's a murmur from the small group standing in the cave opening that everybody is in. "Good." The guide grins. "Now- welcome to Mammoth Cave, where a river flows from the underworld and pagan and Christian legends are abound! Follow me into a world of witches and saints, tragedy and happiness, ghosts and souls!" Sam watches the people around him, checking to see if anyone looks suspicious. The boy in front of them trails his fingers along the wall, grinning at his hands when he pulls them back and is left with an orange dust coating his fingers. Sam copies his movement, noticing the stone icicles going up and down giving the cave a real unnatural feeling.
Castiel looks away this time, a gentle shrug moving his arms. "It's possible they may be trying to contact me through you or using your dreams in an attempt to find you or search your memories." Dean startles, eyes searching Castiel's. "What? So they can find us they know-"
"Of course, I do. I'm not really the type to resist temptation." He smirks, playing with the chains. Dean sends him a curt nod, not paying much attention to the creature, his mind is too busy trying to come up with a convincing lie to tell his brother since all he's got so far is 'Oh yeah you know all those monsters we just killed turns out they were good, oops our bad right but hey the one I just killed wasn't good so don't feel guilty about it'.
"Dean, what happened?" Castiel must be yelling but to Dean it's all muffled. He sees the angel move to the sink to stop the gushing of water and Dean's body reacts on its own.
Four pairs of rough hands try to seize Dean. He struggles against them, shooting his right leg out but his movements are too slow. Hands moving from his waist, the demon seizes his arms, trapping them at his side. One of them pushes him roughly, the gesture causing Dean to stumble almost falling flat on his face. Instead of looking who had pushed him, Dean tries to save himself from falling. The floor shoots out from underneath him. Someone pushes him again. He falls to the right narrowly avoiding a foot kicking him in the face.
Dean steps forward walking into the light, the yellow gleam brightening his features. He swallows around the lump in his throat, a smile forming on his lips. "Da-" However the smile quickly falls from his face, his features contorting into a conflicted frown. He grits his teeth, John's dead. The man that stands in front of the car is too short and too rounded to be John. Dean slides back into the darkness watching the man who has taken his father's car, Dean's car, and who is adjusting the gun that they have clearly hidden in the back of their suit. Dean feels the sadness bubble into anger at the thought of someone taking his families possessions especially one so precious. He glares at the man as he opens the impala's boot.
Dean's brain stutters for a moment and his eyes take in more light than expected, every part of him goes on pause while his thoughts catch up. He struggles to process the idea. He wasn't just some mistake, a lapse in judgement. Castiel chose to save him. Dean's throat restricts and he barely stumbles back in time to land on the edge of the bed. "This whole time you told me it was an accident, that you saved me because of my soul and your grace mixing? But it was all because you couldn't let me die?" Castiel doesn't look at him. "So none of this would have happened if you had just let me die?"
Sam rolls his eyes. "Yeah well don't come complaining to me when your arteries are clogged by the time you're thirty." Dean pulls a face at him and takes his own plate before reaching forwards and putting Castiel's plate in front of him. Sam watches with an eyebrow raised as Dean not only hands Castiel his plate and cutlery but also pours him a glass of water. His movements are so natural that Sam's not even sure if Dean realises what he's doing as he continues speaking to Jake without breaking conversation. Even Castiel seems confused by the domestic gesture but Sam's not sure if it's for the same reason as him.
Dean lazily thrusts his hips forwards aiming for Jimmy's mouth. He just wants to leave. He's embraced by the warmth of the other man's mouth for less than a second before it's taken away from him and he's exposed to a cold gust of wind. Dean opens his eyes not aware he had closed them and freezes in place.
Dean stares at his legs as they dangle above the wooden floorboards. He shakes his head. "Bobby we lied to you," He blurts quickly. Bobby brows draw together, opening his mouth to speak but he's easily interrupted. "...I lied to you." Dean sighs, momentarily closing his eyes and praying that he is doing the right thing. He walks over to Bobby and carefully grabs his hand, making the older man's frown deepen. When Dean reaches for the knife held sternly in his hand Bobby tries to pull away but Dean holds strong. Dean nods trying to reassure Bobby as he slides the knife out of his hand and into his own.
He wonders idly if Bobby had kept it this way in the hope that he and Sam would come back one day and whether he changes the sheets every couple of days for them or if it's just a coincidence Dean will never know.
The expected thump of the ground is barely registered as Dean's body groans, his head feeling as if he's still falling.
Once again all eyes turn to Dean. "But that isn't what happened, that's not why I got these powers, right Cas?" Castiel's frowning at the book in Bobby's hands.
Dean nods, swallowing heavily and tries not to be obvious as he slides closer to Castiel until their knees touch. "What else do you think it could have been?" Bobby pulls out his wallet and places a twenty on the table. A flicker of light shines on Dean's face, he flinches at the blinding light and glances at the neon red 'LUNCH' sign. It flickers carelessly on and off, on and off diminishing only to brighten blindingly and
Before Dean has time to process the angel's movements he's being thrown against the wall and hits the floor with a loud thud. Pain floods through his body as his head strikes the floor, sending sparks of agony through his barely healed bones. Dean groans rolling onto his side gasping and desperately tries to cough air back into his lungs. Rubbing his eyes he tries to stop the shaking of his vision and weakly pushes himself up onto his elbows. Dean doesn't know who threw the first punch, but suddenly Castiel's fist is slamming into Naomi's face as she throws her fist into his stomach. They both stumble apart for a brief second with the force of their punches before diving back towards each other, eyes narrowed in determination.
The two lights, tiny pinpricks in the night, are attached to a pale face. Their eyes shine like an animal. He can't make out the features but he knows it's a face, a human face from the height of the figure. The figure is muscular, tall, and lean, its shadowing casting a secondary shadow in the darkness. Muscular legs race alongside the road, its arms bent backwards at painful angles to match its speed. Where it moves the things behind it appear to bow, as if looked at through a mild fish-eye lens. It runs beside the Impala, like some sort of wild animal chasing its prey. Dean's unable to comprehend the disfigured figure before him, his heart racing as adrenaline pumps through his veins. He blinks and blinks again, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
Dean nearly swerves off of the road at how fast he turns to look at Sam. "You've got to be kidding me, Sam." He says. Sam shrugs. "Come on Dean it makes sense, you've been around him since you got cursed and I've seen how you've been looking at him." He says glancing at Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean scoffs defensively, turning into a motel parking lot and aggressively pulling the key out of the ignition. "I don't know what you're talking about Sam," He growls getting out of the Impala and walking towards the main office. "Our friendship is completely platonic, nothing else."
If you haven't noticed," Dean gestured to his body the cast on his arm and the brace on his leg immensely evident. "I'm a bit disadvantaged at the moment." The light hummed and darkened slightly in colour.
"Don't bullshit me Cas! And don't pretend you wouldn't benefit from me killing them. You hoping to kill two birds with one stone, huh? I kill them, they kill me?" Dean can feel his heartbeat deafening him with every word, his entire body tense. "How the hell am I supposed to do this? I don't even know how to control my powers!" His shouting echoes inside his head igniting the nagging doubt with burning flames of self-loathing and fear. Dean grabs the book and throws it across the room, it skids across the floor and hits the wall.
He swallows, his throat dry. Why didn't he know? He should've known. "Why?" He hisses, gripping the counter. "Why does everything have to be life or death? Why didn't they tell me?" Ellen places her warm hand on top of his, the soap tingling against his skin and the sensation grounds him. He shakes his head, trying to dispel the confusion that's fogged his mind over the last couple of days. He has to focus on controlling his powers. Not on his feelings or on any secrets being kept from him.
Dean Winchester lived his life how any average thirteen-year-old would, trying his best to run through each day in the hope of growing up quicker. In some ways it worked, he grew taller, got stronger. The only problem was that with growing up came the responsibilities of being a 'grown-up'. Dean hated that part, he hated the rules, the consequences he hated it so much that it made him want to leave and never come back.
"Strange? A woman watched her neighbour being beaten to death by something invisible and then later that day was killed by what could only be the same thing. Everything about this is
"It's not the kind of book we wanted, no step by step instructions but it's something. It's a book on angel folklore. It's full more of legends than actual fact."
Bobby jingles the Impala keys as he yanks the motel door open. "We're going outside. You are going to pack and join us in ten."
Dean rolls his eyes. He stabs his fork into the pieces of omelette on his plate and shoves them into his mouth. If Castiel is busy with research he'll just have to practise alone. Sighing, he pushes his chair back and closes his eyes.
"It's fine." Castiel cuts him off, severing all contact as he walks past him and to Gabriel. Dean recoils unintentionally, surprised at the angel's reaction. He frowns as the guilt makes its way up his throat. Stung, his gaze drops to the ground to avoid staring at Castiel's back.
"Dean-" Castiel groans. Dean scowls down at the angel and allows his grace to deliver one final blow to the angel that throws him back in a cloud of dust. Dean's entire body feels heavy with the weight of his grace wrapping around him, his skin is glowing, the grace pouring out of him. The feeling of letting go before is nothing like this. Now that he's stepped over the line he doesn't think he can ever go back. He thinks of Sam, closes his eyes, and feels the earth move beneath him.
He glances up and he catches Castiel's eyes in the rear-view mirror. His fingers clench at his side and he quickly looks away, forcing the car door open. "Let's go then."
Ellen holds a wooden platter towards him. Several pieces of warm bread covered with a slab of melting yellow butter tempting him. Dean greedily snatches two pieces rapidly stuffing a piece into his mouth. Grinning at her, too hungry to be polite, he nods in thanks. Dean admires his surroundings as he chews. Ellen's home has so much warmth and character it's almost overwhelming. The wallpaper is faded and peeling, multiple punctures dotted around from where pictures once hung, the kitchen table has developed with age, large dents and scratches littering its surface. Even the tattered furniture radiates a cosy feeling. At his side, Jo leans over him to snatch a slice of pizza from the box.
Both Bobby and Sam look at Dean and he can't help but feel like he's standing in front of a judge and jury. Dean stands up and shrugs defensively. "Hey, how about you two get cursed by some witch and try to keep control of yourself?" Sam snorts sarcastically. "Dude, you were pouting at the TV and shouted at a random woman just for talking to Cas." The look of pure embarrassment on Dean's face is no less than priceless and he stands there speechless for a few seconds before murmuring, "Shut up Sam." as Sam smirks at him.
"Ancitif. Demon. Obviously. And from what I can see the only power you have is in the form of angel boy here. Whereas I'm a little more
Dean curses internally as Castiel looks up at him, a deep frown on his face and Dean realises Castiel must hear his internal panic.
Castiel covers Dean's hand with his own. "Will you join us?" Dean swallows, his throat suddenly dry unable to take his eyes off of Castiel's hand.
Inside conversations swirl in a dirty cloud of smoke, the stench of cigarettes barely hidden behind the noxious fog of alcohol. The tinkle of glass on glass is lost under the slow guitar riff as the bartender, a man with a mullet, pours drinks. The bar stands in a square in the centre, dark in the scarcely lit room. The sun shines strips of sallow light across the floor through the two small windows at the front.
The water engulfs him like a second skin. The new cut stinging as if salt is being washed in, but it is the only way to prove his point. "If you're trying to tell me something just tell me!" He winces as Bobby forces his lower arm under without mercy, hard water penetrating to the cells that should be protected by smooth skin but lie open and raw. After the initial surge of pain, it ebbs and Dean can even enjoy his newfound weightlessness for a while before Bobby is pulling his hand from the water and wrapping a towel around his wrist. He presses down hard enough for Dean to lose feeling in his hand and the sensation causes his nerves to spark painfully, ricocheting up his arm. "I'm gonna have to take you to the hospital, you'll bleed out in minutes, an ambulance won't-"
Dean startles when a loud bang rumbles from inside, the familiar sound of something hitting a wall. He cocks his gun nodding his head in the direction of the back door and waits for Sam to catch on. Sam nods back and Dean tries his best not to cringe at the crackle of the decaying grass beneath his feet. He creeps forwards ducking beneath an open window and leans gently against the wall trying to see if he can hear anything. He pauses,
from across the room and Dean nods tiredly in his direction. "Yeah, we're in Meta." Dean lies down on the bed closest to the door and rubs his eyes, a hunt isn't what he needs right now, he doesn't think he could even keep his eyes open long enough for it.
"After a demon tried to attack the two of us your dad said he couldn't trust me anymore. Must've thought I was some sort of beacon for them. He didn't want anything to happen to you." Something sad pulls at Bobby's face for a second before it disappears. Dean chews the inside of his cheek in thought. He can't help but think it's ironic that John was trying to be protective when really he was taking away one of the most important people in Dean's life.
It's only when he's nearing the edge of the salvage yard that the Impala is pulled back, its engine dying and forcing his head to slam into the steering wheel. He groans, cupping his forehead as the force makes his vision momentarily blackout. His groan turns into a growl when he feels Castiels grace force its way into the Impala and grab ahold of Dean. He glances in the rearview mirror and watches as Castiel stands a few feet behind, his arm outstretched. Dean glares, his grace stabs and pushes Castiels grace away. He turns the keys and puts his foot down on the accelerator forcing the car to jolt forwards, its gears grinding as it struggles between moving back and forth.
Dean nudges Jo's arm. "Hey," She leans towards him, wiping her hands on her jeans. "Were they ever...you know?" Jo's brows furrow as she follows Dean's line of sight, a grin breaking out on her face when she notices Bobby and Ellen reminiscing to Castiel. She shrugs.
The older man's eyes flicker up to look at him and he carefully places the book in his hand into his lap. "Yeah?"
It's almost a week since Dean left and they're beginning to run out of ideas. Castiel can't even locate Dean's footprints without his permission, let alone the rest of him.
He refuses to look Castiel in the eye but he can see the way the angel deflates. The angel nods slowly, his brows dragging his expression into a frown as he stands up. His hand hesitates at his side for a split second before he brings it to Dean's face and cups his cheek, forcing Dean to tilt his head up. "Goodnight." Dean doesn't look at him as Castiel drops his hand and walks out of the room it's only once the door is shut he dares to lift his gaze.
Dean moves his hand to start stroking Cas' hair and Cas mewls. When his cock starts hitting Cas' prostrate with every thrust, the man's body arches and he clenches around Dean. That's when Dean realizes they weren't going to last long.
was something else. Especially for someone who was practically bleeding out earlier. He was covered in scars, cuts and bruises and now they're all gone, not a single trace left on his skin. Dean frowns and leans in closer, the bathroom light casting a dark shadow over his features. There's not a blemish on him. No scars from his childhood, the scratch on his head from falling on the street, the faint white outline that highlighted his nose from when he had broken it. All of them have been taken, stolen from his body. His face glistens back at him in response so he splashes it a few more times for good measure; to make sure this is real.
Around five women exit from one side of the stage and five men from the other, each complementing a tight black and red leather outfit. The women either attach themselves on to a silver pole or start swaying their hips to the music and gliding their hands up and down their bodies. The men repeat the women's actions in sync but dance with each other instead of separately.
Castiel sits, leaning against the uncomfortable leather seat within his parked crème 'pimp car'. Its night time so the outside is barely recognisable, the only thing illuminating the dark path being pink and blue lights coming from a sign further down the alley reading 'the Atlanta strip'. Tonight he had agreed to come with a group of his friends to a strip club, for reasons still unknown to him.
After running up seven flights of stone steps, tripping up five times and hitting his elbow on the wall enough times for it to bruise reaches the roof. But of course, it's fucking empty. "Son-ova-bitch!" He curses, the phrase coming out much less angry as he's basically running on fumes after jogging up so many steps and nearly keels over as he grabs blindly for the stone wall to try and catch his breath. Dean briefly closes his eyes, tilting his head up towards the sky forcing the rapid huffs of air to stop so that he can speak and eventually blinks his eyes open to reveal shades of blue and white. Dean pauses as he sees a piece of brown fabric flapping in the wind above him from one of the high beams. He stares at the cloth for a moment the sight confusing him before he sees a set of black buttons sewn to the hem of the material and recognises the material as Cas' trench coat dangling from over the ledge.
Dean groans. "You're never going to let me forget that are you?" Sam smirks and crosses his arms over his chest. "Not until the day I die, and you didn't answer my question." Dean rolls his eyes,
He watches Ellen glance over her shoulder and rolls his eyes already knowing what's coming. "Yeah, I know, I know," She says sympathetically, patting Dean's arm. "But it's time to meet the in-laws." Ellen practically drags him towards the first group of people she sees and introduces herself while Dean forces a smile on to his face and silently mouths for Sam to grab him a beer.
Both Bobby and Castiel call after him but he runs straight to the Impala. He puts the keys into the ignition and the engine growls. Pressing his foot on the accelerator he swings the car around and drives towards the road. Fuck this, fuck all the angels. He'll save Sam himself.
"Age catching up to you, Singer?" Bobby scoffs, even as he rolls his shoulders, his back aching from the previous drive.
"I understand, but you won't improve if you don't allow yourself to rest." Castiel protests. Dean rolls his eyes and stands up, walking to the bathroom. "Yeah cause you only want what's best for me don't you Cas?" He snaps, grabbing his spare set of clothes and a towel. He doesn't bother to look at Castiel's expression because he knows it'll be blank, indifferent to Dean's jabs and insults. He digs his nails into his towel as he shoves his clothes onto the bathroom cabinet.
"I knew it!" Sam cries out excitedly. Both Castiel and Dean jump apart at the sudden revelation and turn to see Sam staring behind them. Castiel sends a relieved smile to Dean as he reluctantly slips his hand back out of Deans with a sigh. Sam pushes at Dean with a grin and they both see the cause of Sams excitement.
"You should eat." Castiel gently pulls his hands from Dean's and walks back to the kitchen. Dean watches him walk away. He can't help but frown after the angel, uncertain as to why the space between them seems so large. Dean swallows down his hurt as his grace seeks out the warmth Castiel had provided him.
After an hour of trying to get Castiel to bring his feathery ass back to the motel, ("Dean are you even trying?" "Dude, what the hell do you think I'm doing, falling asleep? Dude's not answering.") Sam suggested two options: either the angel is ignoring them, meaning they're going to have to do more research and then sneak into the sisters house to check for clues, or the more probable answer,
Finding Crowley was simple, he practically found them before they had the chance to summon him and gave them a more than a flawed description of his encounter with Dean. He then gave less than vague information on where he last left an apparently broken Dean before disappearing and leaving nothing behind except the echo of his snarky comments and a puff of black smoke.
. He snaps his attention back to Missouri, carefully pulling his arm out of her reach. She chuckles softly and steps back. "He's a difficult one alright." She says gesturing to the flickering light as she opens and prepares Dean's food in front of him. "More possessive than he has the right to be that one." Dean stares at her in utter disbelief.
Dean doesn't remember what parts of his body the men had broken; he vaguely remembers his shoulder shattering but that's only because of the small scar indented just above his armpit and the inability to move his left arm barely higher than his head. But he remembers Sam's as clear as day, he can still hear the doctor say them as he sat in the waiting room, watching his little brother's body breathe brokenly through the window. Sam ended up with two broken ribs- three fractured, a broken nose and a fractured knee.
The bar is filled with hundreds of conversations told in loud voices, all of them competing with the rock music that dominates the atmosphere. The crowd is fairly rough, most of them bikers or locals and each of them ready to fight if they get drunk enough. The chime of glass on glass as the bartender mixes a few cocktails for a hen party is lost under the loud bass that jumps and makes the entire room vibrate. The bar is no less than a dump, a den for one night stands, alcoholism and old furniture. Everyone here has come with the same thought in mind- to drink until they forget their problems.
Dean shifts as Castiel sits beside him. "Cas, I wanna forget about this as much as anyone else. But if you know a way we can beat this then we've all got to know. No matter what. You can't fix it yourself." Castiel's expression is torn as he avoids Dean's eyes. Dean's sure Castiel would love to be able to fix this all and suddenly all he can think of is whether Castiel would take back all he's done and if he would change saving Dean.
He scans the wall sizing it up and measuring it against himself. The wall is just around four feet taller than him its cracked in more than a few places but there are a few well-placed gaps in the stone that he could probably get his foot into if he really tries. Dean glances down at himself hoping to high hell that he doesn't rip his suit or scuff his shoes.
Crowley's voice echoes around the room, bouncing off the walls and throwing itself at Dean. The hunter sneers back at him. "You're no-"
"He's only doing his job," Dean smiles before he remembers that he's meant to be annoyed and barely manages to sound convincing. "I thought I told you to stay out of my head." He claims glancing at the angel sat beside him. Cas shrugs. "I don't need to read your mind to know what you're thinking." He states simply. Dean smirks and arches his eyebrow as if to say 'oh really', using the sarcasm to cover his secret relief at how easy it is to talk to Cas. "However, he does steal from the station house charity fund when no one's looking so your portrayal of him is quite accurate." Dean shakes his head disbelievingly. "No, way." He laughs and lifts his head, trying to peer over the top of the reception desk and see if he can catch a glimpse of the guy. "Him, really?" Dean laughs even harder when Cas nods. "Huh, I never woulda-"
The angel nods solemnly and crosses his arms over his chest, his hand still stinging from where it had made contact with Dean's face. "Yes, it seems it is happening much quicker than we anticipated." All of them watch each other each waiting for the other to come up with some kind of solution or plan but all of them know how to stop this curse and all of them know that the witch isn't coming out of her hole for a while.
His brother waves his hand nonchalantly in the air. "Psh, Sam I'm fine. I've told you, done longer car journeys than this before." Dean shifts in his seat and Sam knows that it's Dean's way of waking himself up so that he will be able to defend himself if Sam was to keep questioning him, so he changes the subject. "Did anything interesting happen while I was out?" Dean shakes his head and sighs. "Not a thing Sammy."
Castiel glances down at Dean, a frown forming on his face as he looks at the boy. He swallows, looking away. "Yes." Dean swallows hard around the lump in his throat.
Dean's mouth opens only to close again. "What the hell? How?" He glances at his hands half expecting to see sparks of light shoot from his palms. Castiel scans Dean's face, his eyebrows furrowing. "I-" He hesitates his gaze slipping from Dean's face as he chews on the inside of his cheek an obscenely human gesture.
Dean swallows and glances at the floor. Fuck. He looks up, setting a hard look on his face. "I killed him because that asshole was going to kill me, that's it. I don't help your kind."
Dean frowned at the ball of light. "Why can't I see you?" He asked blinking his eyes repeatedly to try and get rid of the blue and red dots that were slightly blurring his vision. The brightness seared into his retinas making him close them out of fear of going blind; it was the kind of brightness that would make fresh snow look grey and dull. It was a brightness to rival the sun itself and Dean was almost angry that he couldn't see the cause of it.
Dean strolls behind the bar towards where Castiel's sat still staring at the stage. "Did you enjoy it?" He whispers, seeing the other man jump in surprise.
It's not until near the end when Castiel jumps particularly hard and loses sight of both Sam and Dean that the adrenaline changes into a mild fear. He takes a step forward careful not to disturb the animatronics and nearly succeeds until he feels a hand drop onto his shoulder. The scream Castiel lets out is way less than manly embarrassingly so and what makes it even worse is the person he turns around to see.
Dean looks down at the carvings on the floor for the first time and tries to memorise the design. Another groan sounds from Ancitif and the three of them scowl down at him. "Who sent you?" Castiel growls. Ancitif forces his hands underneath him, resting on his knees with a dizzy expression. "Who'd you think?"
"See something you like?" Dean snarks. Bobby pointedly nudges Dean past the biker before he can respond.
Sam turns to Dean with a weary frown and glances towards the hallway to check for any prying cops. "Well, whatever it was that killed her neighbour obviously wasn't finished and somehow she ended up with her head crushed between the door frame." Dean's eyes widen disbelievingly and he and Sam unconsciously search the air above them. Whatever they're dealing with must be one powerful sonovabitch to do something like that, and that's saying something considering they've seen a teenager be descalped by a ghost before.
Silently, Dean studies the angels face. He suddenly realises the magnitude of Castiel's very existence, even sat next to him now the angel is older than he can ever be, he's seen things Dean will never see and he knows things Dean couldn't comprehend. Yet he stays sitting by Dean's side, comforting him and offering empty wishes.
He once again nods, bringing his attention to me, showing the kind expression in his bright hazel eyes. "Okay, so I'm going to up your lithium dose and remove the abilify." He tells me. I believe they think I have some form of depression, although I was admitted with a disease known as schizophrenia. The drugs can become irritating as the lithium drains my body, forcing me into an oblivious state, yet my mind remains fully functional as it only affects my vessel. It's the same as being intoxicated I become mostly physically unable.
For once the space between them is silent, no charged tension, no anger or fear just the two of them existing. Together.
Sam scoffs at him following quickly behind. "Dude you know the definition of platonic means that you're intimate and affectionate with each other?" Dean curses and turns sharply to face his brother raising his hand in warning. "No what platonic means is dude we're kinda close but I don't want to fuck you."
and Sam would join in with those big puppy dog eyes and- "Dean?" Dean curses, forcing himself to relax and pretend to be asleep but Sam doesn't buy it. "Don't pretend you're not awake Dean," He says and Dean knows Sam's bitch facing right now. He sighs and reluctantly opens one eye. Both Bobby and Sam are sat at the kitchen table watching him, Bobby with his grumpy frown and a bottle of whisky in his hand and Sam pulling bitch face 3.0 while leaning over some books. Dean allows himself a smug grin for knowing them both so well and lazily opens his eyes as he sits up with a long stretch.
Dean practically crawls towards what he hopes is the angel and can't help but groan with each step. When he's closer he can just about make out the blue of Castiel tie and almost sobs in relief.
, he's still not jealous, Cas is well Cas. The curse just made him feel like everything around him was his and it was... overwhelming.
The door slams shut and just like that Dean is left alone in the motel room again only this time with three duffels and ten minutes.
Dean nods, wiping away the blood from his nose with a hiss before sliding his clean hand into Castiel's and intertwining their fingers. Castiel holds his hand as if handling a precious gemstone, he's unbelievably delicate for someone who has just killed a bunch of people. They begin walking towards the gate entrance, breaking into a slow jog and trying not to draw any attention to themselves.
"No, Dean. They can try to but with the warding and our grace, it is almost impossible. The mind is fragile but when it comes to protecting itself it's almost unbreakable."
Dean's knees almost buckle and he stumbles, luckily managing to grab onto a nearby tree before he can fall back down again. His vision turns white and he manages to inhale a few much-needed breaths as he leans against the tree. At least he knows his arm is definitely broken now. He winces and it's only when he looks up that he realises how far he'd been thrown back. The grace had forced him a good forty-foot back and he's lucky he only just managed to avoid slamming into a tree.
Dean curses as he drives past the entrance of a motel cursing the owner for not fixing the sign. "Okay so get this, at first I thought it could be me but then I worked out that it takes roughly fifteen minutes for the curse to kick in meaning that it couldn't have been me as there have been times when I haven't been around you and you've still experienced symptoms. So then when you mentioned Bobby I thought he could have something to do with it but in all honesty, you were around him even less than you were around me but then when you told me about your... dream. I realised that, well, it can only be Cas."
It's such a strange feeling to watch someone he feels close to, like family, walk away from him. His brain keeps telling his arms and legs to move, to grab this makeshift family and just stay here under the radar. Dean's fists clench at his sides. He sucks in a deep breath and turns away.
Without thinking Dean's arms wrap around Bobby's neck. He squeezes his eyes shut, a frown pulling at his face as he tries to steady his breathing and stop the emotion he can feel building in the back of his throat. Instantly Bobby's arms wrap around him warm and comforting.
When his hands close around the pendant he can't stop the relieved sigh that leaves his body. "Thanks." Bobby nods and continues eating. But Dean's mind is churning, he needs to get back to Sam. He glances at Bobby then at Castiel.
." His voice breaks at the memory. "I shouldn't have let him follow me. He got hurt because of me. We got beat up, badly. But this time it was John and he- he-" His entire body shudders and he curls closer to the angel, his legs curling underneath him.
"Cas, I know you're up there," Dean says crossing his arms across his chest with a sigh. He sees Cas hesitate, his legs twitching with the movement before he seems to find the effort pointless and lets his legs dangle over the edge. "Come on Cas, can you come down here?" Dean asks, trying to coax the angel down. Castiel is obviously not in a good mood so Dean doesn't want to piss him off any more than he already appears to be.
Dean falls back with a groan. He can feel Castiel look at him but his head suddenly feels foggy. Almost immediately the only thing he is aware of is the soft mattress underneath him and the warmth of the sheets around him. He fights to keep his eyes open. "Cas." He warns. He can feel the angel's grace curling around him as the angel tries to end their conversation. "Cas!" He snarls. "Just tell me." His eyes begin to drift close. He wants to be blissfully unaware of his surroundings to forget about everything but he has to know, Castiel can't keep this from him any longer.
"Jesus, Cas!" He pulls at the front of his top to try and cover himself a mix of embarrassment and morality making him not want to expose an angel to such things. But then again, he reasons, Castiel is already looking. Plus nudity probably means very little to an angel. Dean glances awkwardly at the angel as he slowly let's go of the iron grip he has on his t-shirt. "Where's Bobby?" He asks. Castiel's eyes rake themselves up and down Dean's body as he steps forward. "Out." He replies. "Not back for at least an hour." Dean nods curtly keeping his gaze to the floor to try and avoid Castiel undeniably intense one. Castiel continues to saunter forwards not once removing his eyes from Dean's, stopping directly in front of him. Castiel raises his hand and strokes a few strands of hair out of Dean's face. He watches as Dean flushes, a bright pink staining his cheeks, his eyes not once leaving the floor.
Dean swallows, opening and closing his mouth uselessly. He sucks in a quick breath when the alpha raises an eyebrow at him and swallows again regaining his confidence. "Who wants to know?" He smirks.
Knuckles white from clenching his fists too hard, and teeth gritted with the effort to remain silent, his hunched form exudes an animosity that's like acid - burning, slicing, potent. His face red with suppressed rage, and when Castiel carefully sets a finger on his shoulder, he swings around and mentally snaps.
Sammy still hadn't woke up but the nurses had told him it was going as well as they thought it would considering Sam had been in the car longer than Dean, plus John had weighed more than Mary. The doctors began to describe Dean's 'recovery' as no less than a miracle and said he was very lucky to be alive, let alone in near-perfect healing conditions.
The stranger glides forwards in the water until his chin is resting on the front of the hot tub and he flutters his eyelashes prettily. "Name's Dean Winchester."
"How'd you know who I am?" Gabriel's head tilts at him, rolling his eyes as they slide to the barrel of Bobby's shotgun. He blinks and suddenly Bobby's shotgun has disappeared from between his fingers.
"Cas, wake up." A voice echoes in my head and my eyes shoot open, showing a room that's strangely familiar. A patterned burgundy wallpaper covers the outline of the room and bits of paper and bookcases overlap the dark red. Books pile upon books over every available surface apart from the desk and chair in the middle of the room.
Castiel smirks at the shocked look on Deans face and leans closer, his lips sliding over the other man's ear. "You seem so desperate to prove your sexuality Dean but from what I can see you have no problem with that when it comes to me." He whispers, pushing his body forward so that they're connected from head to toe. "I-I'm not," Dean loses his train of thought as his eyes roll back into his head and a litany of breathy moan escapes his lips.
A warm figure is pressed into the side of me and I turn to see sandy blonde hair, ruffled and stuck up in different directions, pressed against my arm. "Dean?" I ask and wiggle my arm under the man's head. Glossy, green eyes peer up at me and I'm taken back by the thousands of memories rushing through my head.
Dean looks up at her but her eyes are focused behind him on Bobby. She pats his back before walking off to join them in the living room. Dean closes his eyes, realisation crashing down. Ellen and Bobby are in love. He sighs. Did he get in the way of them? Was Bobby here instead of his home is that why all the life had been sucked out of it?
"And if it's not an angel I don't want to know what else it could be. We'll have to leave the food for now."
I wait for him to sort out the medicine and look around the room to past the time. "Well, mazeltov." He hands me a small plastic cup with a blue pill at the bottom of it, I tip the cup to my mouth and play with the blue pill flicking it around with my tongue.
Therefore that's how Dean finds himself in a supermarket, shopping for food and supplies accompanied by an angel and his brother. Sam had practically forced Castiel to come with them, something about ensuring Dean doesn't have a
. Sam's loud yawning alerts Dean that he's awake and he forces himself to smile, trying to make it seem convincing even though the movement feels concrete and fake. He exits the bathroom attempting to make his movements casual. "Mornin' Sammy." Dean keeps his eyes trained on the wall instead of his brother and grabs his clothes to get changed for the day ahead.
Dean curses internally as his mind reels always returning to the same thought, the same person. Sam. He hasn't seen him for weeks, he can't help but worry about whether his brother is being fed enough, being taken care of properly. He hopes they're reading to him every night to replace Dean's voice, to make sure Sam isn't lonely.
sleeping," Dean rubs the sleep dust out of his eyes but Castiel continues to watch him with a weary expression. "What?" Dean urges. Castiel gives him a once over as if he knows something's wrong he just can't figure out what it is. "Dean you were expelling grace in your sleep."
He thinks back to what Dean used to do when he was ill- blanket, hot water, a glass of water- and sets a blanket over Dean, along with the set of covers and slides a hot water bottle next to him just in case before placing a glass of water beside him on the bedside table.
"Go ahead." Dean's hands twist in his lap and he swallows. "I have this picture Jo gave me of Mary and John with Ellen and her husband when they were younger." He pauses, pulling the picture out of his pocket and flattening it out for Bobby to see. "Did they know about the supernatural back then?" Bobby considers the question before answering.
The grace leaves him in one fell swoop, bursting from every atom inside of him and shattering the grace in the air before absorbing it once again. His knees hit the floor and the house shudders beneath him as he chokes on the air that tries to enter his lungs.
envy the woman, he wants that to be his hand, for it to be him to cup Castiel's neck and drag him forwards to kiss him until he's breathless and begging for Dean to throw him down and-
Smiling pensively, Bobby takes the gun from Dean's hand and giving it a once over. "Yeah, it was my suggestion, a precaution to keep you boys safe once he found out about all this." Bobby hands the gun back to him, patting his shoulder encouragingly. Dean smiles back half-heartedly taken aback with this new discovery as he takes the weapon, holding it with both hands.
Dean's gaze snaps up. Castiel...loves him? "You do?" Feeling bold Dean reaches for Castiel's hands and grips their fingers together. The angel doesn't flinch and Dean's heart skips a beat when Castiel doesn't push him away. The angel smiles.
He sighs. "I think I'm gonna try and get a few." Bobby nods, waving him off, his eyes glancing to Castiel. "Take angel boy with you." Deans heart pounds in his throat, threatening to break out. His eyes flickering between Bobby and Castiel, his stomach is heavy. "What?" He croaks out, barely managing to force the word out.
"I can't it's not safe, you're more likely to get him killed trying to get him out." The words are like a slap to the face and Dean physically takes a step back. Bobby steps in front of him, pinning the angel in place with a glare.
Blood hums through his veins at that thought, whether it's from fear or excitement he can't quite figure it out. He watches Castiel almost quizzically as the angel sits peacefully, following Dean's movements. "What happens now Cas?" Dean asks, stepping forwards carefully. Castiel stands. "You are still not safe Dean. We must leave."
"He's not responding. Dammit. We need to get back." The impala's engine revs beneath him as it speeds up. There's no way Castiel is dead. He'd know, he'd feel it. He's certain of it. His stomach churns from the mere idea of it. When he told Uriel he wouldn't let the angels hurt Castiel he sure as hell meant it because if he loses Castiel he loses everything else as well. Castiel may be the cause of a lot of his suffering but they are joined together regardless of how they feel about each other. Dean's leg bounces anxiously as they approach the outskirts near Bobby's home, his hands fiddling with a loose thread on his jeans.
The abyss around him stutters, flinching as it morphs itself into real life. The darkness turns into moonlight, caressing the outline of treetops and drawing atoms out into reflections on water and fog into the air. The process happens so quickly that Dean's not even sure if there was an abyss in the first place. But his feet are wet and the wind sends chills down his spine so surely this must be real. Dean sits up from where he was laying on the ground. His entire body is soaked from what feels like a puddle beneath him but in the low light of the moon, it could just as well be a lake. Glancing around, Dean can just about make out the outline of trees around him and possibly a few bushes. So he's in a forest.
Within a matter of minutes, Dean loses himself somewhere between St Louis and Indiana, Metallica blasting through the Impala's speakers and the occasional splatter of rain brushing his face from his partially opened window, washing away traces of sweat and dirt as small droplets cling to his lashes. The sky's now a dark grey as a large raincloud drifts in the air above him, the rumble of thunder rolling in the distance. Sam hasn't tried calling and he's not surprised. If Sam had left like Dean had, Dean probably would have drunk himself into a coma, but Sam most likely just caught an early night.
He turns the tap and washes the water over his hands, pooling it in his palms before splashing it across his face. He looks up in time to watch the rivets of water run down his face. But the face staring back at him is a surprise because when the hell did his skin start
The room is fairly dark so it's hard to tell what time it is, but judging by the stream of sunlight hiding behind the mould infested curtains he assumes it's morning. Without looking he can tell Sam's not in the room, as A he hasn't forced Dean to get up and B because Dean can't hear the sound of anyone else breathing. Dean clutches his stomach holding in the hangover that's trying to force last nights food up his throat. He ignores the nagging sensation in the back of his head that's probably going to end up being a headache and closes his eyes, rolling over and shying away from the light.
"Oh thank god you're here!" She says pulling back from the hug and accidentally shining her flashlight in Dean's eyes. "I'm about five seconds away from Vulcan death gripping both of them." She laughs gesturing to Zachariah and Micheal who are arguing and pushing on the closed doors. "What are they..." Dean nods towards the two men and Charlie rolls her eyes dramatically. "Oh right, apparently, all doors up here are automatic, meaning we're stuck up here until someone does something about it."
Dean holds his hand over his mouth, gesturing for Sam to do the same. The breathing is somewhat heavier and although it's hard to hear thanks to the neighbours laughing loudly across the street it's unmistakably there, something breathing on the opposite side of the wall.
"Dean?" The hunter jumps and snaps his head towards Castiel who's awkwardly holding out a beer for him to take. Dean's whole body flushes both embarrassed and unbelievably turned on. He attempts to hide his face and reaches blindly for the beer. He grabs the bottle and nearly flinches when he feels Castiel's finger skim over his own,
Startled, Castiel blinks. "He's...healing, no one knows where he is, he hasn't woken yet." Dean stares ahead bringing a hand up to rub his face. He nods in a daze.
Castiel raises his eyebrow at him, a gentle smile gracing his lips. "I was born with my grace and have had millenniums to learn to control it. You have had full access to your grace for barely a couple of days. Please don't try to compare us, it's not fair on yourself." Dean shakes his head, a frown pulling his eyebrows together.
Castiel regards Dean, his mouth drawn tightly. "Dean if I could take your place I would, killing my brothers and sisters is a last resort but I'm afraid they won't see it that way. Every angel lost makes heaven weaker." Dean's jaw clenches and his eyes snap to Castiel's face.
"Dean!" He hears Castiel yell for him and he tries to wave him off to warn him not to come down. The warding must be prepared for the possibility of any creature coming down here. Dean can feel the power of it pushing him into the ground, almost burying him under the weight of it. Even as he tries to stand his head is still spinning, his body aching even more under the pressure.
Dean nips gently at the inside of Castiel's thigh, making him jerk and moan even more. When his fingers find Castiel's prostate, the man starts going crazy underneath him. "Dean!" He gasps. "Please, Dean, I want you.
His striding down the hallway turns into more of a careful walk at the thought of coming into any danger over a hot tub. He momentarily thinks about going back for a weapon but decides against it in case he acts before he thinks and hits a minor, (he doubts it but it's a possibility). Castiel continues down the hallway, keeping his body out of the light that's coming through the windows and once again attempts to put a face to the stranger in his hot tub but its too dark to see anything from this distance, even with the hot tub lights on.
The thought makes something in his chest tighten and he quickly shakes the thought from his mind. The movement catches Castiel's attention and Dean quickly looks away, grabbing the product closest to his hand and walking to the other side of the aisle.
Dean's reaction is subconscious, automatic. The shot thunders, echoing off the walls of the diner. The demon that had been diving towards him is instantly stopped. The bullet flies through the air breaking the demons' teeth, punching through the lower bone of its eye socket, and breaking through the skin just in front of its left ear. It staggers back, dropping down into a plank position. Blood drips down its cheek. Its left eye won't focus. Then it sags forwards, a cloud of black smoke pouring from its mouth and escaping up into the air.
Samandriel's eyebrows knit together and Castiel can see the anger building within. "Protecting one life means nothing if you are killing your brothers and sisters in the process!" Castiel's eyes are drawn to the wings burnt in the grass beside him. Hannah steps forwards sadness clouding her features.
Sam worries his bottom lip contemplating whether or not to bring up Cas. There are only so many diseases that involve a temperature and excessive sleep as their symptoms and Sam's pretty sure a couple of witches didn't cover Dean in blood just to give him a fever, so having Cas around could at least get him some information out of Dean. On the other hand, Cas hadn't exactly given him any information about what could be happening to Dean either. Actually, Cas hadn't given him any information about anything, the dude had just appeared and healed Dean, Sam hadn't prayed, hadn't even thought about asking for the angel's help. Cas had lied to Dean but Sam doesn't know why. So for now, the only real option he has is to sit and wait.
Dean holds the eye contact barley blinking and smirks when he sees Castiel adjust his jeans. Dean slowly sways his hips flexing his arms above his head and rocking his body slightly.
"Hey, kid. You alright?" Dean doesn't lift his gaze and doesn't trust his voice enough to speak so instead, he nods and grunts. Bobby walks into the kitchen, slapping Dean's shoulder as he opens the fridge. "You heard from the angel?"
. A pair of arched eyebrows look down on sweeping eyelashes. Her delicate ears frame a button nose. She smiles a set of dazzling, angel-white teeth, gleaming as she gesture to Castiel. Her boring low-cut top is enough to draw all the attention to her face and Dean can't help the pull in his chest. She's beautiful.
"Latin, yeah when isn't it Latin. What does this have to do with the curse?" Dean asks and stands up from the couch to replace his beer with a new one. His brother sighs and examines the pages of the books in front of him. "Well, basically they decided to kill one person every day unless they were treated like Gods- given gold and a sacrifice monthly. Eventually, after the fifth or sixth death, the townspeople went on a witch hunt and caught all three of the women and then put them on trial for witchcraft. Obviously, they were found guilty and were meant to be hung the next day." Sam flicks through the pages of the book he's holding before placing it back on the table and running a hand through his hair.
Dean struggles to catch his breath as his skin burns and itches, a million separate thoughts and emotions thrumming through his body, exploding all at once. He groans at the sharp pain that follows and sways forwards in his seat, a sickening feeling swirling in his gut as if he's going to throw up. The chanting stops and a cold metal makes contact with Dean's forearm before pain writhes at the wound, it shouldn't be as painful as it is, he's cut his arm in that exact stop thousands of times, but it doesn't stop the scream that rips itself from his throat. Everything's, hot, white pain and every moment he makes burns him from the inside-out.
In one second he's beside Bobby and in the next he's on his back, groaning as the floorboards dig into his side. He hears rustling and forces himself up, his eyes snapping to the centre of the room. His body slumps forward, losing its stiff posture. Dean lets out a huge sigh of relief as his eyes land on Castiel's body. A smile crossing his features as their eyes meet, he pushes up only to be forced back down when a second set of eyes meet his. Fear stabs in his gut as he stares into a pair of hazel eyes, the fear twisting viciously as he finally takes in Castiel appearance. He's a bloody mess, two large cuts insult his features one over the bridge of his nose, the other splitting his chapped lips. Deans hand instinctively twitches to reach out and trace his wounds, his grace pulling him forwards. Castiel is practically being held up by the shorter man, leaning on him for support.
"I-You-What- Why?" Dean feels his face heat up and shakes his head sharply at this brother. "Well, Bobby said your dreams could tell us what sin is going to happen next, so..." Sam replies awkwardly and gestures deliberately to the notepad in his hand. Dean shakes his head even harder. "No way, that is not happening." He holds his hands up to stop his brother and walks around him, heading for downstairs so this whole conversation can disappear but Sam doesn't take no for an answer. "Okay, fine," He crosses his arms over his chest. "Either you tell me now and save yourself at least some embarrassment or you run away and I can get Cas to read your mind and he'll tell me."
Dean glares at the man he sees in the mirror and drops his gaze to the sink. He spins the silver tap and splashes water onto his face, rubbing across his stubble in sharp movements to wake himself up. He grasps onto each side of the sink, grumbling quietly to tell himself to get a grip but it doesn't work this time -
The wolf could take the chance to run, to feel the pounding of their own heart just a few more times as the taste of freedom slides across its tongue. But that chance quickly disappears as the dark-haired wolf jumps forwards and sinks its teeth into the golden-haired wolfs neck - just deep enough to let it bleed out slowly. The monster is so efficient that there isn't even a whimper, just the running of blood and a slumped form on the ground.
Dean frowns at the sudden interest. He tries not to let his eyes drag over to Cassie or turn to look at Bobby. The mistrust must be evident on his face from the way Uriel's eyebrow raises. The angel looks at him as if he can see into his soul and Dean glances away. Uriel's just telling him what he wants to hear. He knows there's no way out of this where he and Castiel stay in contact especially if he trusts the other angels.
There were many ways for Dean to react to waking up to a shirtless Cas hugging him whilst both of them lay in bed and he must have picked the stupidest one. "Hello, Dean." Castiel blinks at him watching him with almost fearful curiosity as Dean registers the situation around him.
He can see the way he gets under Gabriel's skin as the angel glances away from him, his hands falling onto his hips. His top lip raises in a snarl. A flash of spite sparking behind his eyes before he turns back to Dean. "I think you're forgetting that
His body feels as if it's overloading his senses vibrating and thrumming through his bones. Dean closes his eyes tightly praying for some sense of relief anything to suppress the want dragging him away from reality. It's when suddenly he feels a lightweight on his chest that he finally stops panting.
Dean sighs as he walks down the hospital corridor, his shoes scraping idly against the rubber-like flooring. The tray in his hands acts as a weight dragging him down as his legs weakly try to keep up with the weight of holding something other than his own weight. The nurse had given him instruction to stay as active as possible so walking to get his food is now apparently a
." Then from the shadows comes three more men just like him dressed in black suits. Dean grabs at Castiel's arm but the movement catches the demon's attention and just like that they all step forwards, prepared.
"You went in alone?" Bobby interjects disbelievingly. "I went in alone," Dean repeats. "I thought the hunt would go quicker if we actually had an idea of what was going on." He adds when Bobby huffs at him like he's an idiot. Dean tries and fails not to scowl at his brother because Sam should be sticking up for him right now. "Anyway, Sam was back at the motel finding out about the warehouses' history while I was in the warehouse. There wasn't much in there just metal, glass the things you'd usually find in an abandoned warehouse." He pauses briefly to laugh at how weird that sentence would sound to normal people before continuing.
