Soon they were a panting, squirming mess. John pressed his thighs against Sherlock’s as he was getting close to the end, and that made Sherlock take in a deep breath. Knowing John was close Sherlock reached around and gently pressed in a finger in John. He knew the other man liked that. He remembered it from their last time. The other man gasped and closed his eyes, coming hard when Sherlock pressed against his prostate. His hand on Sherlock’s shoulder tightened along with his thighs, and he let his head fall down to his chest. Stars exploded in his field of vision, and Sherlock just watched. He watched how John’s mouth dropped open, how he curled into Sherlock, and how his chest rose in shaky breaths. Leaning up John kissed Sherlock, and began to stroke a little bit faster, but still in a gentle way. This was all about Sherlock now, and John was gonna make him enjoy it.
Sherlock himself still didn't know how to progress this, and when John looked up at him he seemed almost more upset. Sherlock looked down. Why couldn't he cry, as John did? Now John would believe Sherlock didn't care at all like John didn't matter to him. That wasn't right. John mattered to him, more than anything else. So why couldn't he cry? Show that he was upset? The feelings didn't belong in his brain as words, he needed to express them. But he couldn’t.
”Who?”
”John…” He mumbled into his warm chest. John hummed, the dark making him sleepy. ”I love you,” Sherlock said, the words finally leaving his mouth. John’s eyes snapped open, and his chapped lips pulled in a small smile. His arms tightened around Sherlock, and he rubbed his arm.
John let one hand slide down Sherlock’s hip, inside his boxers, which by the way was the only thing Sherlock wore as pants. He brushed his hand over Sherlock’s thigh, still amazed by how soft the skin was. Sherlock gently pushed up against him, eyes watching him through half-closed lids.
John was quiet for a while, maybe gathering the strength to talk, before saying; ”I was stupid Sherlock. I…should’ve told you as well. I don’t know why I didn’t. Perhaps I was ashamed.”
”Hang on..Sherlock..the ambulance..The ambulance..” He repeated as a mantra, eyes shut and forehead pressed to Sherlock’s shoulder. He looked down to see Sherlock’s eyes stare up at the sky, all light drained from them. Sobs started to wrack his body, hurting his lungs as they tore up his throat. He didn't realise it, but soon he just screamed, before his body slumped against Sherlock’s. He gripped at his coat, trying to ground himself, maybe to convince himself Sherlock was still alive inside of it.
John hummed from the couch, his focus on the paper in his hands.
”Cock,” John mumbled as he already started to feel the irritation of being played with.
”Look.” One of the men said and grabbed his shoulders, looking concerned. ”We will get you a shock blanket.” He said and waved at someone, and soon a soft, cheap blanket was placed on his shoulders. Unconsciously John grabbed it, and sank to the ground. He held himself, and finally let himself cry. He cried and screamed, not caring that the whole crowd, ambulance personal and Lestrade saw him. The only thought in his mind was Sherlock, and that he was laying in a body bag, dead and cold. When John returned to their flat he would not be met with a pacing man, bored out of his mind. He would be met with silence, and all surfaces stacked with old experiments, and body parts. Sherlock’s microscope he handled so carefully, and his jars of substances John never dared to ask what it was. Sherlock’s violin would lay in it’s case, forgotten. Then he realised.
”I’m bored.” The detective complained and sank down in his armchair, munching on the biscuit.
John hummed, but before Sherlock could leave he grabbed his wrist. Sherlock looked back, clueless to what John wanted. With a sigh and a look, John pulled, until Sherlock got what he wanted and leaned down for another kiss before he went to the kitchen. John watched Sherlock’s naked butt all the way to the kitchen, and while he was making their tea. How he had been so lucky to meet this man was beyond him.
He set John’s cup down on his nightstand, before standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, not sure where to sit.
”Sherlock!” John called as he ran up to him and gripped his wrists. Sherlock snarled and tried to break free, but John’s grip was firm.
She fumbled nervously with her bag for a minute before sitting down on one of the chairs. "I heard about what happened, about the accident. I just wanted to make sure you were okay."
The address they were going to was right in the centre of London, luckily not far from where they had just come. Baker Street was soon in sight, and they were quickly able to locate the apartment where one Sherlock Holmes needed urgent medical attention. They parked the truck as well as they could, trying to avoid a barrage of angry drivers, and made their way to the back to grab all the equipment they might need. They lugged the numerous bags up the seventeen steps to 221B, the door having been left open for them, and soon located their patient.
“Heat. I remember heat. And,” he paused for a few seconds, trying to organise his thoughts, “there was something… warm. And soft. I haven’t the faintest idea what it was though. After that I just remember being moved to the ambulance.”
“Did you like that?” Sherlock asked with a smirk. He gave John’s cock one long, slow stroke and watched as the doctor’s eyes practically rolled back in his head.
"What do you say we devour every single piece of food in this tray?" John asked.
"How about you let me be the judge of that?" John asked as he settled beside Sherlock and checked him over. He took his pulse and his blood pressure, noting, thankfully, that both were fine. He then started checking over Sherlock's previous injuries, namely his ribs and his arm. "Did you hurt yourself when you fell?"
“Go to sleep then. Don’t forget to wake me up if you get up before me.”
After dinner they walked back to Baker Street, once again hand-in-hand, something that they could both easily get used to. It seemed so natural, that they should close the distance between them; a statement that nothing could tear them apart.
The soft brush of lips was short but reassuring for both of them and they broke apart after Lestrade cleared his throat uncomfortably from his chair. "I'm right here, you know."
"Really, Sherlock?"
"Sherlock, don't take this the wrong way, but I'm really not in the mood."
"Go home, talk to Mrs. Hudson, I'm sure she's worried. I'll be here in case he wakes up, and then in a few hours you can come back."
“For today, it was perfect,” John replied, “I got to spend time with you, I got to have a few drinks with my mates, and now I have you for the rest of the night.”
"John?" Sherlock called out tentatively. John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. He recognized that tone, he was about to confess to something that John wouldn't like or ask for something that he would be equally displeased about. "I was thinking of going down to Scotland Yard tomorrow to see if Lestrade has any cases for me."
“Is something wrong?” John asked, concerned.
Lestrade moved over from his place at the door and sat next to Sherlock, his arms crossed disapprovingly.
Sherlock huffed, clearly annoyed, and got up with a dramatic swish of his coat. “What do you want?”
There hadn’t been any particular reason for keeping the details from Sherlock, but in a way it was John’s little present for him.
While Sherlock contemplated this John was thinking about something completely different.
Everyone waited with baited breath as Sherlock seemed to slowly come back to life. He blinked up at John, his eyes still slightly glazed, and gave him a weak semblance of a smile before shutting them. A strangled laugh left John’s mouth, the anxiety and fear of the last few minutes still making him tense. “You’re okay, Sherlock,” he said as he stroked the detective’s face. “God, you scared me.”
Got him, he's fine. We'll be back soon GL
"Alright, alright," John conceded, "Can you at least make tea without breaking any of the mugs?" Sherlock shot him a stern look from across the kitchen. "Please?" John added, and Sherlock turned around and start preparing the tea.
John was glad when he woke up the next morning and saw that Sherlock was still asleep. It was clear from the previous night that something had been bothering him, and it was even clearer that he didn't want to talk about it but John had to get to the bottom of it. He was worried about Sherlock, not only because the detective had never had trouble sleeping before, but also because of how he reacted. John had come downstairs to find him drinking and smoking, both unusual behaviours for Sherlock, especially since he was adamant he had quit smoking altogether. Sherlock's addictive personality and his inability to accept help were a recipe for disaster, and it was up to John to prevent anything terrible from happening.
It was still early in the morning when John woke up in his husband’s arms. Husband. The word brought a swell of happiness along with it every time. For so long he had wanted Sherlock, longed for him, his company, his attention, his love, and now he had it. He had all of him, forever.
"Thanks but I don't think that's a good idea, not yet anyway. He had a pretty nasty head wound and he needs to rest and you know what he's like, won't stop until he's solved them all."
The doctor excused himself, as did the nurse after administering Sherlock's medication, and John and Mycroft were left with a bored and slightly energized Sherlock- at least until the medication kicked in. Mycroft left shortly afterwards under the pretense of work, though it was obvious, to John at least, that he wanted to avoid aggravating Sherlock, as his presence often did.
As soon as they arrived at Baker Street, Sherlock went straight to the bathroom to wash off the hospital scent. When he came out, freshly dressed in his pyjamas and dressing gown, he was met with a quiet John sitting on the sofa.
“I’ll give you a lift.”
There was one thing though, that John had fervently insisted that Sherlock needed to promise; that he would be exceedingly cautious about losing or damaging his wedding ring. To this day Sherlock hadn’t had to remove it once.
The detective dropped a quick kiss on top of John’s head and started stroking John’s back slowly. “Get some sleep. I’ll wake you up in a couple of hours.”
John thought back. Sherlock agreed with that thought.
, John thought. His eyes widened in realization.
“Who was the first?” he asked curiously.
“What am I doing here?” John asked and giving Sherlock a skeptical look as they both kneeled down beside the body
“I prefer to text,” the man responded.
“I'm to take you home. Address?” the woman asked. John read the message on his phone.
“Interested in Sherlock? Why? I'm guessing you're not friends,” John stated a bit suspiciously.
“Being worried is a distracting emotion, John, it keeps the mind from functioning properly. As my brother and I like to say, caring is not an advantage,” Sherlock responded uncaringly.  John frowned and was about to say something when Sherlock’s thoughts interrupted him.
“Put those back!” Sherlock ordered sharply.
, John thought as anger grew inside of him.
“Did you take it?”
, John thought,
“Quite clear and is your soul mate away for long?” Sherlock smirked.
“I understand that, John. I, more than anyone, know how reckless and danger-prone my brother is,” Mycroft said. “As promised, I won’t breathe a word of this to anyone.”
“It really couldn't,” John replied, giving the man a defiant look. The man looks at him amused.
Sherlock asked. John immediately walks up to the door labeled ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’.  Sherlock could feel the man’s curiosity and smiled gently. Sherlock opened the door and they both went in. John gasped in wonder and bewilderment.
“Ah Sherlock, John, good evening,” Mycroft said in greeting. Sherlock just rolled his eyes as he sat down across his brother.
Sherlock replied.
“You know what it was. You've read the papers,” Sherlock said, giving the doctor a pointed look.
“Well, bit different from my day,” John observed before he saw a man sitting down.
“You can't just break into my flat,” Sherlock responded annoyed. John looked around and saw people rummaging through Sherlock’s things.
“Er...” John sat up straight as a thought came to him. “Why did I just send that text?”
“There's always something,” Sherlock muttered quietly. As they walk closer to the crime scene, John saw a dark-skinned and curly-haired woman in formal wear glaring at Sherlock.
John said as he tried to concentrate. A few minutes later, the doctor groaned in frustration. His worry and fear were making it hard for John to concentrate.
Sherlock looked up shocked,
John asked as he turned to Sherlock, who simply nodded.
“Of course, I have. As you said, it is part of my job,”
“Oh, don’t worry, there’s all sorts round here. Mrs. Turner next door’s got bonded ones,” she said as she turned around and walked into the kitchen. John looked at Sherlock, who was still trying to organize his things.
- End of Chapter 1 -
“Okay, he took her case. So?” John asked, continuing his search. Sherlock just ignored him. John just rolled his eyes and smiled fondly at the eccentric man.
“Thank you, John. Here’s my card. I have a feeling we will be seeing each other more often from now on,” Lestrade said with a smile as he gave John his calling card.
Not looking up from his phone, Sherlock replied, “Used your eyes.”
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine,” the beautiful man said, not looking up from the microscope.
“That... was amazing,” John commented earnestly. Sherlock gave him a look of surprise.
“Alright,” Sherlock agreed. John and Greg exchanged looks of worry.
“The police don't consult amateurs,” Sherlock responded arrogantly. John chuckled silently as he thought;
“She could have checked into a hotel, left her case there,” John said, trying to divert Sherlock’s attention.
, Sherlock sent to John. Confused, John asked,
“Who is he?” John asked.
“Right turn, one way, road works, traffic lights, bus lane, pedestrian crossing, left turn only, traffic lights,” Sherlock mumbled.
“From what I have seen, you clearly can’t. You won’t even eat or sleep unless forced upon.”
“What about the message, though?” Lestrade questioned.
“Your back, now, please!” Lestrade barked at him. John watches Sherlock intently as the man concentrated.
“So you use the excuse of getting paid as a justification for liking this kind of work but you condemn and insult a man who offers you his services for free just because he
Sherlock thought grumpily. John smiled and raised his hand to softly play with the detective’s curly locks and started humming. He could feel Sherlock relax as his brilliant mind calm down. Sherlock hummed in content. John continued as they both fell asleep.
“You've got a psychosomatic limp – of course, you've got a therapist. Then there's your brother,” Sherlock continued with his explanation. John hummed in acknowledgment.
John thanked them and they all resumed their meal. The silence was neither oppressive nor awkward.
John thought back. Sherlock sighed annoyed but agreed to John’s request.
“Do people usually assume you're the murderer?” he asked in return. Just the thought of the baseless accusations that must have been aimed at the brilliant man out of jealousy or cruelty was making him angry and sad.
“What did you see, John?” Greg asked, intrigued. John immediately turned bright red and looked away. Sherlock, on the other hand, chuckled. The sound made Mycroft smile softly. The smile looks odd on the man’s usually stern face. Greg, who hardly heard Sherlock laugh and knew how much Mycroft wanted to hear it just like when they were younger, grinned widely.
“It's here. It's in 221B Baker Street,” John answered, just as confused.
“Sherlock texted me,” Angelo as he handed John his cane, “he said you forgot this.” John took his cane in a daze.
John’s eyes widened,
“I'll get a candle for the table. It's more romantic,” Angelo ignored Sherlock’s statement and left.
“So she's German?” Lestrade clarified as he raised his eyebrow at Sherlock.
“Skipping meals isn’t healthy especially breakfast,” John replied seriously. Sherlock could sense how serious John was and gave in.
“Well, I'm dealing with a child. Sherlock, this is our case. I'm letting you in, but you do not go off on your own. Clear?” Lestrade stated firmly, looking at Sherlock in the eyes.
Sherlock walked out of the room, still feeling a bit surprised. The next-door he decided to enter was the one labeled ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’.  The moment he walked in, he was assaulted by the intoxicating scent of John. Sherlock inhaled deeply. Not realizing he closed his eyes, Sherlock opened them and looked around. On the opposite wall is a huge picture of John smiling in amazement. Sherlock felt his heart skipped a beat at the sight. Turning away from the picture, he saw that the left side of the room contained a large corkboard with bookshelves on either side and below the corkboard is a table with drawers. There was a label on top of the corkboard that said ‘Personality’.  On the right side of the room, there was a whiteboard with a table with drawers below it. On the left side of the whiteboard was an empty casement cabinet and on the right side was a small cabinet with a stereo with speakers on both sides and CD player on top. There was a label on top of the whiteboard that said ‘Personal Data’. At the center of the room was a study table with a movable reclining chair.  Sherlock walked towards the left side of the room and saw the little post-it's on the corkboard. Written on it was courageous, friendly, kind and other information dealing with John’s personality. The bookshelves were empty so Sherlock looked away and then moved to the right side of the room. On the whiteboard, Sherlock saw John’s name, occupation, soul mark and all the other things he deduced about the man that concerns his personal data. The casement cabinet was also empty so Sherlock moved towards the stereo and CD player. He opened the cabinet below it and saw a CD that labeled ‘Humming’. Sherlock was dumbfounded, to say the least. His mind was organizing everything about John to such an extreme degree. He looked around the room that still smells of John. Unable to handle the situation, Sherlock walked out quickly. Back in the main room, Sherlock saw the last door that labeled ‘Abilities’. To say the detective felt intrigued was an understatement. He immediately went inside. What he found made Sherlock even more surprised. The walls of the room were filled with moving pictures.  In the center of the room were a couple of bean bags.  Sherlock started walking towards the left side of the room. He, then, saw moving pictures that depicted the sharing of emotions and pain to telepathy and dream walking. As he slowly walked around the room, he saw more abilities like teleportation and slowing downtime. Stunned, Sherlock left his mind palace.
“I dunno… Get a flatshare or something?” Mike shrugged.
“Who’s this?” The detective asked.
“Show me,” the man ordered instead. John’s eyebrows furrowed in annoyance as he walked up to the man and raised his left hand. The man went to take John’s hand in his.
“Yeah,”
“Well, thank God you're above all that!” John replied mockingly. His phone beeped and John took it from his pocket to see a text message from Sherlock.
John thought while shaking his head,
“Northumberland Street's a five-minute walk from here,”
“Not much,” Sherlock responded, not looking up from his phone.
“No, this way!” Sherlock shouted after the doctor.
“I’ll tell you but you have to swear that nothing leaves these rooms,” John said seriously. Mycroft and Greg looked at each other in both worry and concern.
“Sherlock, from what I have seen, is a brilliant man. He can observe the things around him in ways I never could. Although he has his faults, he isn’t the only one. We all have our own personality, our own likes and dislikes, and our own hobbies. Calling him a freak just because he enjoys these kinds of things is wrong. Calling him a freak because he acts and reacts differently is wrong. Calling him a freak because he isn’t afraid to show people what he is like is wrong. That’s why I defended him. Your sergeant had absolutely no right to insult him. She was being a bully,” John replied with conviction. Lestrade looked at him with a gleam in his eyes. Donovan looked both insulted and surprise.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked with a bit of excitement on his face. John gave him a look of doubt. Sherlock frowned in response.
“Something wrong, Sherlock?” his brother asked with a smirk on his place. Sherlock ignored him and continued to text. The person he was texting, however, proved to be boring and an idiot. A case about a lost dog? He’s got to be joking.
, Sherlock responded as he buried in his face on top of John’s head. He felt John’s smile on his chest. Nothing was said after that. Sherlock couldn’t fault John for it because he almost did the same when he took up drugs. John heard the thought and tightened his hold on Sherlock. They continued to hug each other, seeking each other’s comfort. Suddenly, a thought entered Sherlock’s mind. He felt John’s curiosity.
“What?”
“It suits you,” John said simply. Sherlock smiled and John felt Sherlock’s happiness through the bond.
“Your brain will be much sharper if you have the energy to burn. Trust me, that’s what kept me alive in Afghanistan,” John said. Sherlock nodded and started eating. John sat down and started eating as well but Sherlock knows that the doctor was watching him closely to make sure he ate everything on his plate. Despite being forced to eat, Sherlock couldn’t help the warmth that started to spread in his entire body. To be cared for was something Sherlock hardly experienced. Sherlock knows, even though he tries to ignore it, Mycroft cares for him. But Mycroft doesn’t count because he is Sherlock’s brother and by default, cares for Sherlock. The only other people he can think of that care for him are Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade. But Lestrade is his brother’s soul mate so that is to be expected and Mrs. Hudson is such a mother hen and therefore, cares about everyone. So really, there is only John; John, who cared about him before he even knew they were soul mates and who shot a person to save him and who followed Sherlock around the city despite people warning him about the eccentric detective. People just don’t care about Sherlock because he is different. He thinks and acts differently. Therefore, people avoid him and thus, not care about him. People avoid anything that’s different. He doesn’t care if he said too much because it is the truth. He doesn’t care about the repercussions of his actions because to him, it was necessary at the moment. Before meeting John, part of him even thought that his own soul mate might not like him and might even be disgusted by him. To know that John didn’t act like that made Sherlock feel relieved.
“Good for you,” Sherlock responded as the man placed two fingers on either side of his temple and shut his eyes.
John thought- flickered to Mike in question.
“Use mine,” Sherlock answered simply. Sherlock grudgingly let go of John’s hand again so that they can prepare for bed. As they were changing, John noticed the golden mark on Sherlock’s right shoulder. It consisted of many lines and rectangles. It didn’t seem to resemble anything.
“Ye... hang on!” John cried.
John asked. Sherlock just smiled and entered the room. John looked around and saw the doors. John blushed at a certain label on one of the doors.
“It's good news for breathing,” John replied.
“No,” John said, shaking his head politely.
“That’s not fair! She’s already accusing you without any solid proof,” John replied.
“Sorry?” John asked, shocked but guarded.
“What was this you told me earlier, Sherlock? Something about you being able to take care of yourself?” Mycroft asked rhetorically and with a lot of superiority in his voice.
“Why can’t he just get it from you?”
Sherlock looked away, feeling a bit embarrassed. John just smiled and continued to look around.
, Sherlock thought sulkily. He heard John sigh.
“That feels nice,” John mumbled sleepily. Sherlock stopped and pulled his hand away causing John to whine at the loss. Sherlock chuckled and went back to running his hand through John’s hair. John sighed in content. Sherlock felt John’s feelings of happiness and felt happy for being able to make his soul mate happy.
Tomorrow is a new beginning for both of them after all.
“What are you doing?” John asked after he noticed the patches on Sherlock’s forearm.
“It's a three-patch problem,” he responded nonchalantly.
John thought back in warning. Sherlock could feel John’s worry and annoyance at his lack of desire for food. Sherlock sighed and look up from his phone. He saw John looking at the menu and from his thoughts, Sherlock knew John was trying to decide what he wanted. He looked down on his phone and continuing to text the client. He felt John’s annoyance grow. So with a sigh, Sherlock looked over the menu using John’s eyes while still texting the client.
John wondered. It really didn’t register to him at first. He was distracted with protecting Sherlock’s dignity.
“You can ask me anything you know,” Mike said cheerfully. John looked at him with a serious look on his face.
Sherlock nodded a bit red from John’s word.  John smiled and kissed Sherlock on the forehead before returning to his breakfast.
“Her wedding ring- ten years old at least. Her matching bond mark is horizontally crossed,” Sherlock said as he showed the DI and John the dead woman’s broken bond mark on underside of her left wrist. “The rest of her jewelry has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring. State of her marriage right there. The inside of the ring is shinier than the outside – that means it's regularly removed. The only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. It's not for work, look at her nails. She doesn't work with her hands, so what or rather who does she remove her rings for? Clearly not one lover; she'd never sustained the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple.”
“Jennifer Wilson. That was... Hang on. Wasn't that the dead woman?” John asked as he looked at Sherlock for an answer.
“I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Bart's, so Army doctor – obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq,” Sherlock explained purposefully.
“Sorry, you stopped her husband being executed?”
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he's up to,” the man requested.
“It's for men,” Sherlock said with an innocent look on his face. John and the man looked at Sherlock confused.
, John thought with a tiny bit of fondness.
, John reprimanded.
“It stops being pretend if they find anything,”
*****
“You tell me,” the man answered as he pocketed the notebook. John wordlessly turned around and started walking away. “I imagine people have already warned you to stay away from him, but I can see from your left hand that's not going to happen,” the man continued. John stopped and his curiosity got the best of him. He turned back around to face the posh bastard.
Sherlock thought
“You don't seem the kind to make friends easily,” the man continued.
John thought a bit angrily as he thought of the danger his soul mate was in.
“How so?” The question made the woman hesitate for just a moment.
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that. John looked at him startled.
“And what’s wrong with the landline?” Mike answered patiently.
“We need to get vehicles, get a helicopter. We're gonna have to move fast. This phone battery won't last forever,” Sherlock said to Lestrade.
“Good. Thank you,” Sherlock replied as he turned back towards the window. A few minutes of tense silence later, John finished eating. He didn’t know what to say. He shouldn’t have opened up the topic of relationships. He was just so curious about the man he seems to have a strange feeling for. He couldn’t help but learn more about the brilliant detective. He was like the embodiment of danger and excitement.  And it made John’s heart race. Sherlock is just brilliant!
John thought with pride. Sherlock let out a small smile. He never seems to tire of John’s praises. Sherlock stood up without a word and John immediately followed. They both headed towards the bookshelf and John saw all the tapes that were there. Sherlock just watched John with interest. John then headed to the other side of the room and saw the picture of him bathe in golden light.
“Yes, I do. God help me,” Lestrade said tiredly. John felt bad for the man. Sherlock seemed too much to handle to the DI but John can’t help but find the consulting detective fascinating and exciting.
John replied, amused.
“Not in a police car. I'll be right behind,” Sherlock finally replied.
“Upstairs,” Mrs. Hudson replied as she pointed to their flat. Both men ran up the stairs and burst into the room. They found the police doing a search.
“I’m Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers,” John replied. The woman looks slightly horrified. She opened and closed her mouth in astonishment.
“We don’t need his help,” the woman said arrogantly, her surprise fading away.
“She's dead,” Lestrade replied bluntly. Sherlock’s face lit up. John watched him in fondness.
“No,” John replied as he looked up from his phone.
“But?”
“How long have you known him?”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock yelled in frustration. Mrs. Hudson turned around and walked away in fright. Suddenly, a look of realization appeared on Sherlock’s face. John watched this all happen quietly and intrigued.
“Welcome to London,” Sherlock said and walked away. John turned towards the tourist.
“An enemy,”
, John thought. Lestrade turned back to John.
“So who did I meet?” John continued with the conversation as he tried to play ignorance.
“Is your flat? All of it?” Lestrade implored further.
“No, well, yes. Umm, it’s hard to explain. I just don’t hear Sherlock's thoughts and memories and feel his emotions but like I could go to his mind using our bond as some kind of bridge,” John explained, well, tried to explain.
“We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting. I don’t even know your name,” John said seriously.  The man smirked knowingly.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said, annoyed. A chuckle could be heard from the other line.
“Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock Holmes?” the man inquired. John fought the urge to roll his eyes at the man. He didn’t think the posh bastard would appreciate his effort.
“Who says I trust him?” John refuted.
“Course I wasn't. Biding my time. Knew you'd turn up,” Sherlock responded calmly.
“Well, you could just sit there and watch telly,” Sherlock replied in disgust.
“On my desk, there's a number. I want you to send a text,” Sherlock ordered.
*****
“I'm sorry?” Sherlock said with a raised eyebrow.
, John thought.
As they were walking towards Bart’s, John couldn’t help but wonder if Mike found his soul mate. Asking about one’s soul mate is only asked among close friends and family members. However, that rule has always been loose since most people are open and proud of their bonds. They are willing to share certain information about their bond mate. John was contemplating whether or not to ask about Mike’s soul mate when said man started talking.
“Serial killers are always hard. You have to wait for them to make a mistake,” Sherlock said, although he seemed to be talking to himself.
Sherlock thought as he continued to hug John.
“You defended him, though, from Sergeant Donovan’s insults,” Lestrade said. The dark-skinned woman from earlier, who was apparently Sergeant Donovan made a startled noise. “Why?” the inspector continued. John thought about it before giving the DI his answer.
, John thought.
“And I said ‘dangerous’, and here you are,” Sherlock replied with a smirk and turned around.
“You’re a doctor. In fact, you’re an army doctor,” Sherlock said with a serious look on his face. John nodded in response.
“I worry about him. Constantly,” the man said, although he seemed hesitant about his admission.
“If you think that I’m letting you sleep away from me, you’re crazy, John,” Sherlock answered. John smiled widely. He couldn’t remember the last time he was this happy.
“You’re welcome, Sherlock,” John said. Before Sherlock could give a response, a funny- looking and arrogant bloke came out of the building.
“I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world. I invented the job,”
“That's... That's the pink lady's case. That's Jennifer Wilson's case,” John mumbled confusedly.
“Thank you too, Detective Inspector. Umm, can I ask where I can get a cab? I’m still learning my way around London,” John said awkwardly.  Lestrade nodded understandingly and told him the directions. As John walked away, he didn’t notice Lestrade’s knowing smile.
“She also said you get off on this?” John asked.
“Anything interesting?” Sherlock questioned.
“Please explain further, John,” Mycroft requested. With a sigh, John did exactly that. He told them about the different rooms that he entered in Sherlock’s mind palace while saving the room called Abilities for last. Sherlock just listened and watched the expressions that appeared on his brother’s face. Their food arrived while John was talking but the waiter would just likely assume that they were describing their house. When he reached the last room, the looks on Mycroft and Greg’s face turned more and more incredulous. Sherlock just started eating his food and not minding the looks of disbelief his brother was shooting him. He’d rather not eat but he doesn’t want to make John angry again. That would be more annoying to deal with than hunger and besides, the dish he ordered was surprisingly delicious.
Sherlock affirmed. Sherlock was surprised at John’s reaction. Most people would find it disturbing and psychotic but John just laughed.
“You were always watching him adoringly, John,” Lestrade answered, making John blush. He could feel rather than see Sherlock’s smirk. “And Sherlock acted differently around you.” It was John’s turn to feel smug as he saw Sherlock’s smirk fell from the corner of his eye. Before John could say anything, Sherlock was walking towards his brother and pulling John along. Lestrade laughed and followed after them.
“It was amazing. It was like a huge mansion with hall and doors and furniture,” John praised. Sherlock smiled at that. He loved it that John loved his mind.
“What do people normally say?” he asked Sherlock softly.
“Oh, that’s right. She's one of the suicides? The fourth one you mentioned back at the flat?” John said as he looked back to the moment he met the Detective Inspector.
“You,” Sherlock replied with a knowing smirk. “Mrs. Hudson! Doctor Watson will take the room upstairs.” John’s heart fluttered at the statement.
A few minutes later, the two of them were sitting on a bench each nursing a cup.
Sherlock thought calmly. He felt John trying to calm down and smiled mentally.
Without another thought, John took out his gun and aimed at the cabbie. When he was sure that he wouldn’t hit Sherlock, he fired. A blast and the shattering of glass could be heard as it echoed throughout the room. John saw the cabbie fall as Sherlock jumped back. John dropped down so that Sherlock couldn’t see him. He let out a breath of relief as he heard the sirens of the police. He quickly hid his gun and walked out the door carefully so that Sherlock can’t see him.
“We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry, gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” the man continued. The man was striding to the door when John stopped him.
Before Sherlock could think any further, warm hands cupped his face. He looked at John and saw a frown on the doctor’s face.
John questioned.
John said firmly. Sherlock could feel John’s determination
“Right. Okay. That’s fine. Good,” John responded. Sherlock looked at him with an unreadable expression and piercing eyes.
, Sherlock replied and started walking. John followed. They stopped in front of the door Sherlock found earlier. John saw the label and looked at Sherlock in surprised.
“Hello, freak,” the woman greeted nastily. John frowned.
“Don’t you have a crisis to handle?”
“I never said you did,”
“Have you found your soul mate?” John asked quietly. Mike’s face lit up with fondness making John’s heart ached with longing. Mike pulled down his collar and showed off the purple sun between his neck and shoulder. John looked on in wonder
As they entered the room, Sherlock scanned the area before kneeling beside the dead body. He meticulously looked over the dead pink woman and then, stood up to check something on his phone.
“The most dangerous man you've ever met and not my problem right now. On my desk, the number, Sherlock ordered again.
“What?” Lestrade cried out in disbelief.
“John! You’re brilliant!” Sherlock exclaimed excitedly.
“Her case?” John repeated as he peaked out the window and trying to find traces of who he was pretty sure was Sherlock’s brother.
“What are you guys talking about?” Greg interrupted. It was John who answered while Sherlock went back to his phone.
“Well, what?”  John pressed, confused.
“Well, I saw a room for me…” John said in a tone that suggested he rather talk about anything else but this right now.
“Thank you! Good night!” John said as he and Sherlock walked away.
“I don't have one. I barely know him. I met him... “John stopped and tried to remember when he met the detective, “...yesterday.” The man hummed in acknowledgment.
“Teeth, tan. What, Californian? L.A., Santa Monica. Just arrived,” Sherlock deduced.
“Doesn't it? Sounds a bit dull,” Sherlock replied as he turned back to face the window.
“And since yesterday, you've moved in with him and now you're solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” the man asked sarcastically. John was starting to get impatient.
“Okay...” John answered, not really knowing what to say. He went to sit across Sherlock.
Sherlock confirmed.
“Ah, yes. The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think?” the man asked rhetorically. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Yes, how did you know?” John asked.
“Where are we going?” John asked, not familiar with the area.
“Oh, we're done waiting!” Sherlock said, passionately. “Look at her, really look! Houston, we have a mistake. Get on to Cardiff: find out who Jennifer Wilson's family and friends were. Find Rachel!” Sherlock started walking speedily out the door.
Sherlock, then, saw the cab they were chasing drive by them and stopped making John almost bumped into his back.
“How can you possibly know that?” John said as he tried to catch his breath.
“No,” John replied, a certain longing could be heard from his voice. Mike looked at him sadly.
The detective had both hands in his pockets as he walked up to the restaurant with John right behind him.
“I’m here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Sherlock said in greeting.
, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock replied. His door was suddenly opened and he was roughly pulled out of the car. He was suddenly pressed against the door and his arms were restrained against his back. He felt a sharp pain from the uncomfortable angle of his arms He saw that Mycroft was in a similar position. He could feel John at the back of mind using his senses to further analyze the situation the detective was in. A blindfold was used to cover his eyes and he felt John’s fear grow. It was making him antsy.
“You said that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it. Well, maybe he... I don't know, talks to them? Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow,” John said.
“Well?” Sherlock requested persistently.
“Let you handle it? Doesn’t he have his own people?”
“Who are you?” she asked a bit unbelievably.  John stood straighter in response.
A few minutes later, both men were lying down on the bed with their arms wrapped around each other. John’s head was buried in Sherlock’s neck, memorizing the scent of the man. Something spicy and masculine and undeniable Sherlock that it made John’s head spin. John sighs in content. He felt Sherlock’s arm tightened around him as he cuddled closer to the man.
“What's that?” John questioned.
“Yes, sorry, yes, Mike. Hello. Hi,” John said as he shook hands with the man.
“Look across the street. Taxi,” Sherlock said, bringing John out from his reverie. “Stopped. Nobody getting in and nobody getting out.” John watches Sherlock as the man’s mind thought up theories at the speed of light.
John was currently walking- or in his case, limping- around the park when he heard his name being called out.
“Maybe she left it at home,” John answered despite thinking how unlikely that was for an adulterer.
“Why?” she asked again. This time John glared.
“And Harry's short for Harriet,” John finished. Sherlock stopped walking and stared at him.
“Oh,” Sherlock said calmly. “Which one?” John gave the man an amused look.
“Don't wanna use mine- always a chance that the number will be recognized. It's on the website,” the detective responded.
“I heard you were abroad somewhere, getting shot at. What happened?”
Sherlock stated with a bit of humor
They continued their chase as they climbed and jumped between buildings. John always right behind Sherlock. A few minutes later, they caught up with the cab and stopped right in front of it.
John thought inquisitively. A few minutes later, they have arrived at a warehouse.  There was a posh looking man with an umbrella standing there and a chair. John got out of the car and walked towards the stranger.
“Not a word,” Mike shakes his head.
“Well...?” John asked tentatively, “You asked me to come. I'm assuming it's important.” Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and trying to look at John from his place on the couch.
“Rachel,” Lestrade answered.
“I don't have to,” John said, clearly implying that Sherlock could do it himself.
Sherlock heard John’s voice in his mind and mentally shrugged.
*****
“Is that what?” the man said as his eyes flicked again to look at Mike.
, John thought dejectedly. The man just smiled at John.
“You?” John asked incredulously.
“Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth’s too small now,” the man said nonchalantly as he went back to his microscope and sat down.
“Do you think so?” Sherlock asks with uncertainty.
“What do you think, then, Doctor Watson? There’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two bedrooms,” she said kindly. John tried not to blush at the remark and tried to appear nonchalantly.
John then wondered if Sherlock has anyone special, obviously not a soul mate.
“We can cancel,”
“That's brilliant!” John exclaimed. Sherlock and Lestrade looked at him in amusement and surprise, respectively.
“Sherlock, you okay?” John asked, concerned. Sherlock seemed to snap out of his daze.
“Victim is in her late thirties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Traveled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase,” Sherlock replied as he and John stood up.
“Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock responded confused.
*****
, John suggested. Sherlock’s face lit up at the suggestion and went to his violin. A beautiful melody soon filled the flat. Sherlock wasn’t playing a specific song in particular and instead, just played the violin with John in mind. The melody was both calming and peaceful. The song seems to compose itself and Sherlock could feel John relax and enjoyed the music. Their first morning together was filled with beautiful music and the smell of John’s cooking. When the food was done, John called out to Sherlock to come to eat.
“A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just found that phone they'd ignore a text like that, but the murderer...” At that moment, the phone rang. “...would panic,” Sherlock finished dramatically as he stood up.
“Okay, that was ridiculous. That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done,” John panted as he smiled.
“But they're just for my hip. They're herbal soothers,” Mrs. Hudson frowned even deeper. Just then a look of extreme annoyance appeared on Sherlock’s face and he, then, yelled, “Shut up, everybody, shut up! Don't move, don't speak, don't breathe. I'm trying to think. Anderson, face the other way. You're putting me off.” Sherlock did a go away motion towards Anderson, which he responded with a look of indignation and said, “What? My face is?!” Lestrade, who seems to know Sherlock fairly well, ordered, “Everybody quiet and still. Anderson, turn your back.”
John looked at Sherlock adoringly.
“Ah, no!” Sherlock shouted in frustration. He then ran in another direction. However, John took a wrong turn
“Who are you? What do you do?”
“Oh, right. I bet it’s distracting. For you, I mean.  Distracting you from the work,” John stuttered, “Which is fine, by the way.”
“Will you come?” the man asked again.
“So you could have prevented those killings from happening?”
John couldn’t do anything but wait until tomorrow. With that thought in mind, John went to sleep.
“Just making small talk. If we are going to be flatmates, we’ll need to know a bit more about each other,” John shrugged.
John thought with excitement, although he tried to hide it.
“I did. This is our matching bond mark. She is perfect- beautiful and kind,” Mike answered with obvious adoration. “Have you found yours, John?”
“The luggage,” Sherlock replied. “It's probably your first trip to London, right; going by your final destination and the route the cabbie was taking you?” Sherlock said to the tourist.
“John, you probably want to shut up now,” Sherlock warned with unexplainable heat.
“I have to go to Sherlock! He just got in a cab with a serial killer!” John said frantically.
“You brought me here... to send a text,” John clarified incredulously as he faced the sofa.
“Who was that man?” John looked at Sherlock and saw the man look up from his phone.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand. Your therapist thinks it’s post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you're haunted by memories of your military service,” the man stated clinically. John stayed quiet.
“Oh!” Sherlock cried out quietly and chuckled triumphantly, “Ah! She was clever, clever, yes!”
John gasped. He looked down again and saw Sherlock going inside the cab
*****
“No, she was leaving an angry note in German! Of course, she was writing Rachel; no other word it can be. Question is: why did she wait until she was dying to write it?” Sherlock asks thoughtfully.
“Piss off!” Sherlock said with a smile and the sad look on his face disappeared. They shared a laugh.
“What?” the woman asked. John gave her a stern look.
“You think he's stupid enough to go there?” John questioned doubtfully.
“Bit of trouble too, I bet,” Sherlock said with an amused smirk on his face. Adrenaline started to course through John’s veins.
“We’ve only just met and we’re gonna look at a flat?”
Once they were both seated in the cab, John looked at Sherlock with a questioning gaze before he looked away. Sherlock, of course, noticed.
“Oh, what, so-so-so you set up a pretend drugs bust to bully me?” Sherlock said sarcastically but his eyes held worry in them as they flickered in John’s direction.
Sherlock said.
”Sherlock?” He said with a small, curious grin. Sherlock said nothing, he just gazed into John’s eyes, leaving centimeters between their lips. Close enough to be able to feel the other person’s breath. Soon John could take no more and go in for a kiss, but Sherlock leaned back, a grin on his lips. Stifling a groan John watched as Sherlock shrugged his robe off, leaving him in only his boxers. He fanned himself like he was hot, but John knew he was just teasing. A way to pass the time. He knew this wasn't gonna be a quickie.
”John…”
”Mm.”
Sherlock couldn't help but smile, and leaned into John’s ear again.”What did you say?”
John’s hand stroked his skin as he slowly caressed Sherlock’s length inside his boxers, making sure to have a loose wrist. Sherlock bit his lip and leaned his head back against the backrest, eyes closed. John watched him, loving the way Sherlock reacted to his touches.
”Does that feel good? Having my finger all up your ass?” Sherlock asked in that deep, almost vibrating tone of voice. John wanted to groan and cry as his now achingly hard cock was pressed against the leather cushions, but all he could do was a nod.
”I’ve been called back...Sherlock.” John said slowly, not wanting to shock him. ”I must leave first thing tomorrow morning, my troop…”
”John!”
”Sherlock.” He said. He heard how his voice shook and took a deep breath. Sherlock hummed, not looking up from whatever he was doing. John swallowed hard. ”I got some..bad news.”
”Tell Lastrade..Mrs Hudson..” Sherlock started, but started to cough. Now blood strained his whole neck and jaw, dripping down his cheeks as well. Every breath took enormous effort, but John refused to give up.
”No..No…” He pleaded and prepared to slap Sherlock’s cheek, when a hand firmly grabbed his neck. Sherlock’s eyes opened, and stared into John’s with such fire and passion. His last strength.
”John?” Sherlock asked in a very soft voice. John opened the eyes he had closed and looked down. ”Yes?”
That was so wrong. In Sherlock mind, he experienced all the emotions he could name, and more.
He reached down to kiss him with all the strength he had. Even his own strenght were fading, and the arms holding John were slowly dropping him as they grew numb. His fingers had lost all feeling. It wasn’t like Sherlock had imagined it. He held John’s body against him, but it’s wasn’t warm. It was ice cold, and his lips like ice cubes. It was still John, he thought. Even though he couldn’t feel him or smell him, it was John. His sweater was starting to get heavy and pulled him down even more, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to remove it, or move from their position. He held him even tighter as the water now covered their lips. Soon Sherlock had to break it to breathe, and John was under water.
He felt John’s hand on his neck. His thumb was rubbing in slow circles, like all strength was leaving him but he wanted to feel Sherlock one last time. Sherlock pushed the thought away. John was going to leave this well. Both of them. Alive. Not in body bags. Their story did not end here.
”Can you..put that away for a moment?” John asked and looked him in the eye, showing he was serious. Sherlock nodded and put his things down, and pulled the glasses off to lay among his things. When John had Sherlock’s full attention he swallowed hard and tried very hard to hold Sherlock’s gaze.
”John.” Sherlock panted, eyes squeezed shut in pain. ”He got away..ran..down that alley..”
Once Sherlock’s wrists relaxed in John’s, John held them in a more gentle grip. He looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock looked away. Tears filled his gorgeous blue eyes, shading them slightly red.
As Sherlock turned off the telly and they were left in the dark, John cuddled closer. Sherlock’s arm tightened around him, and they both sighed in content. Just as they were about to doze off, John mumbled.
”I can't leave you.” He said so softly Sherlock almost missed it. Now he felt his own tears form in his eyes and shut them. He couldn’t look at Sherlock right now. It reminded him about everything he was about to lose. He felt the hand on his cheek tug him forward before warm lips met his. Blinded by fear and grief he kissed Sherlock back, finally letting his own tears fall. Sherlock’s lips moved slowly against his own as if savoring it as much as he could. John didn't object and rose a hand to put in Sherlock’s locks as if it was the last time. Maybe it was. They were so soft. He pressed himself closer to Sherlock, who was still in his lap. Not in a sexual way, just in a desperate need of comfort. Sherlock kissed him passionately before he shook too much to hold John’s cheek. His clenched his fist, cursing his body for being weak. John noticed, and watched Sherlock with concern.
Sherlock, as weird as it sounds, had really loved this moment. The adrenalin in his veins, John pressed against him. Now it wasn’t as fun. John was actually slowly dying. His words slowly turned to gasps. The water reached his lips now and Sherlock ducked to move John’s head onto his shoulder once more, to escape the rising water. Their time was running out.
“That's not what people normally say,” Sherlock said with a hint of vulnerability present in his voice. John turned to look at Sherlock and noticed a look of openness on his face.
“Oh God, yes!” John smiled excitedly, not bothering to hide the excitement anymore.
That night, John was lying down on his bed and staring at his mark. The design and the color still haven’t changed- not like John expected it to. The longing to find his soul mate still remained. The curiosity and the desire to find them and get to know them were still there. As he thought of his mystery soul mate, the image of one Sherlock Holmes popped into his head. John couldn’t deny that the man was beautiful. The soft curly locks of dark hair, the pale skin, the high cheekbones, the cupid bow lips and the color of his eyes were all so breathtaking. It made John wonder if the man had already found his soul mate. John shakes his head. Probably not or else he wouldn’t be looking for a flatmate.
Following the DI’s directions, John quickly found himself on the main street. As he walked, the phones from the telephone booths kept ringing as he passed. He stopped and looked curiously at the phone and noticed that the ringing stopped when another person tries to answer it.
“I’m sorry, what?” John asked confused.
“Says who?” John responded.
“Got my eye on a nice little place in Central London. Together, we ought to be able to afford,” the man said instead. John felt a shiver ran down his spine when the man said together. John frowned in confusion. He was reacting to a man he had never met before.
“I know you're an Army doctor and you've been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you've got a brother who's worried about you- (John smiled at the man’s mistake) - but you won't go to him for help because you don't approve of him – possibly because he's an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his soul mate and I know that your therapist thinks your limp's psychosomatic – quite correctly, I'm afraid. Also, I know that you still haven’t found your soul mate judging from the color of your mark,” the man said calculatedly. John frowned at the man’s knowledge of him. It was a bit unnerving.
“Most people blunder round this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars. When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield. You've seen it already, haven't you?” the man asked rhetorically. John looked over his hand.
“She thinks I’m a psychopath. When the time comes that I’ll get too bored and solving cases won’t be enough, she fears that they won’t be able to do anything to stop me when it’s my turn leaving around dead bodies.”
, John thought in awe. The dim light casting shadows on the detective’s face and highlighting his gorgeous features. John inwardly shakes off the thought.
John thought back. Sherlock sniffed disdainfully but didn’t reply. The detective turned back towards his experiment. John just sat and watched Sherlock.
Sherlock thought. The detective could feel John smile at him softly.
“What is it? What did you see?” Greg asked again, excitedly.  John looked at Sherlock for help but the detective just smiled at him.
“Oy!” a driver shouted at them. Sherlock then took off in a certain direction. As expected, John was right behind him. As they ran, Sherlock shouted encouragements to John.
“Wha...? What do you mean, how?” Sherlock questioned in disbelief.
“Well, the question is: where is her phone now?”
“You blacked out?”
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern goes unmentioned. We have what you might call a... difficult relationship,” the man requested as he fiddled with his umbrella. John’s phone chimed again.
John thought.
“Suitcase, yes. She's been married at least ten years, but not happily. She's had a string of lovers but none of them knew she was married,” Sherlock observed.
” John ordered sternly. Sherlock pursed his lips in unhappiness as the two of them stared at each other and will the other to back down.
“Is he your assistant?” the DI asked.
Sherlock suggested and John agreed.
“We can't both stare,” Sherlock responded childishly. The man suddenly stood up and ran out the door. John following close behind him, not realizing he left his cane. They stopped in the middle of the street when the cab they were chasing speed up making a car horn loudly behind them.  John apologized to the driver as he made a note of the cab number.
A chime from Sherlock’s phone broke the calm atmosphere of the flat.
“Nothing. But for this man, I'd have gone to prison,” Angelo explained.
“Because you're an idiot,” John said annoyed as he turned and walked away. He wasn’t able to take more than a few steps before his right hand was grabbed. John’s heart raced when he realized it was Sherlock’s hand he was holding. He turned to face the detective when he noticed the bright golden light surrounding them. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen as he felt a fiery sensation encircling his right wrist. The sensation grew stronger as his soul mark started to burn as well. He gasped in pain and looked down at their hands. He saw a symbol started to darken around his wrist. It was starting to get too painful and yet Sherlock didn’t let go. The light around them grew brighter and his head was starting to hurt as well. He could hear Sherlock gasped in pain. Slowly, the pain started to go away and the golden light dimmed. He looked up and saw Sherlock’s eyes were shut as he clutched his head in pain with his left hand. John gaped when he saw the golden symbol around Sherlock’s left wrist. He immediately looked down at his right wrist and saw the same symbol on it.
John thought, stunned. Sherlock rolled his eyes and thought;
Sherlock frowned before looking up at John and said, “I don’t know, John, I just wanted to look at the menu so that you would stop bothering me about what I wanted to eat and since you were already holding one, I decided to just use your eyes.”
“Dear God, what is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring,” Sherlock deadpanned. John tried to hide his laughter while Lestrade just frowned- apparently he’s used to Sherlock’s attitude.
“Her case,”
John thought.
“Of course she's not. She's from out of town, though. Intended to stay in London for one night... before returning home to Cardiff,” Sherlock said as he pocketed his phone. “So far, so obvious.”
“Not distracting me at all,” he replied indifferently.
“I've got the cab number,” John informed the detective.
“A friend?” Sherlock asked skeptically. Remembering what the posh bastard said about Sherlock, he rephrased his answer, “An enemy.”
Sherlock thought.
Sherlock asked.
”Good, John,” Sherlock interrupted the doctor.  John looked at Sherlock sharply.
“Let go of me! I need to go to him! Right now! He’s in danger!” John said in panic. Lestrade immediately let him go and without another word, John ran.
“But I get paid for my work. It’s my job,” she answered.
Sherlock felt an unfamiliar warmth fill his chest as his heart speeds up. He has a soul mate. All these years of believing he never had one or that he would never be fortunate enough to meet his other half was proven wrong in a matter of two days. He, now, understood his sudden attachment to John even when he tried to deny it. Wishing for the man’s company and the happiness he felt when John praised his deductions makes sense now. When John asked him about soul mates last night at Angelo’s, he felt sad about not finding his soul mate yet. Not wanting to hope that John might be the one, he put on a cold façade and told John that he didn’t care about soul mates and that he was married to his work. But after the events of last night, Sherlock was surprised at how easily he accepted the bond with John. Holding his hand and sleeping on the same bed came naturally to the detective like it was an everyday occurrence. Sherlock smiled gently at the man sleeping beside him. Those entire things about soul mates were true, after all. One’s soul mate will accept you no matter what and that they are your perfect match in every way. Sherlock tightened his hold on the man and buried his face on top of the doctor’s head, memorizing his scent. The smell of gun oil and tea filled his senses, and he sighed in content. His mind is peaceful and not a hectic processing machine. Sherlock went into his mind palace, and he noticed an entirely new door. The design of the door was very intricate and, even to Sherlock, beautiful. He walked closer and saw a sophisticated label on it. The label said Soul mate. Curious, Sherlock opened the door. Inside were three more doors. One door was labeled ‘Memories’. Another was ‘Abilities’. The last one was ‘Personality and Personal Data of Beloved’. Sherlock was surprised. When did his brain do all these? The room he was currently in felt homey and warm even with the lack of furniture. There was only a single carpet. He walked towards the door labeled ‘Memories’. When he went in, Sherlock’s eyes widened in astonishment at the sight. There was a large telly on the opposite wall with speakers on both sides of it and a tape player below it. In front of the telly are a sofa and a coffee table. The floor was carpeted too. On the left wall, there is a floor to ceiling bookshelf. It was empty except for a few tapes. On the right side, the wall is filled with empty picture frames. There was a label on top that said ‘Most Memorable Moments’. Sherlock walked towards the right side of the room and saw that there was only one picture there. It was a picture of John when the marks appeared. John looked beautiful with the golden light around him. Sherlock’s heart fluttered with adoration. He, then, noticed a script and a date at the bottom of the picture frame.
"I..." Sherlock hesitated, still stunned at the lack of mockery from his brother, "I don't know what to do," he finally admitted.
John pulled away from the hug to marvel once again at everything Sherlock had done. He hadn't entirely forgotten it was Valentine's Day but he wasn't sure whether or not Sherlock wanted to celebrate and since he was working that day he decided that they would just have a quiet evening in. But it seemed Sherlock had other plans, and had taken care of everything himself.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Yes, it may have taken me a little longer than usual to perfect the dish, but I finally did. Shall we eat?"
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” John asked.
Molly looked down and fumbled with her hands before replying, clearly she was nervous. "Nothing's wrong, no," she dismissed, "it's just... when I heard you'd been in an accident I was just, worried, you know? I mean, I know you're with John and I'm so happy for the two of you but I still care for you, Sherlock. Not in that way but, I consider you my friend."
“What’s the matter?”
"You are not fine. Now stop arguing and get up the stairs."
Their kisses were needy and sloppy as they made their way up to their room seeing as it was the only room in the house that wasn't littered with evidence. Their clothes slipped off somewhere on their journey upstairs and they fell in bed together.
He came down to find photos and papers spilled all over the floor and stuck to the walls. Sherlock himself was dressed in just his trousers and shirt and was running between his laptop and the papers spilled on the floor. This time though, he did notice John coming into the room.
John grinned at Sherlock who seemed to be over Anderson’s comment after seeing the look on his face. The detective smiled back at John and got back to work.
"No, no. I saw him!" John shook his had briskly. "He was right here. I know he was! He was back. He came back for me." His voice trailed off, getting lower and lower as he sank to the floor. Lestrade quickly grabbed John by the shoulders before he collapsed and then something unexpected happened. John buried his head in Lestrade's chest and cried. His body slumped, all energy gone, all self-control dissolved. He cried and he cried, not being able to hold anything in anymore, until he had nothing left inside him. He whispered Sherlock's name over and over again and Lestrade held on to him, trying to keep him from falling apart completely.
He started leaving a trail of kisses down John's neck, taking special care when he reached his pulse point. John squirmed under his ministrations and tried to control his breathing, but the detective was making short work of his composure and soon John was struggling to contain a moan as Sherlock nipped and sucked at his neck.
"Depends, what for?" Sherlock replied.
They both sat there, frozen, staring intently into one another's eyes while John held Sherlock by the arms. He briefly wondered if they were moving too quickly before thinking back to all the time they spent apart and the slow build up of their relationship. He'd waited long enough. John hesitated only slightly before leaning forwards and kissing Sherlock right on the lips, effectively shutting him up. Much like John, Sherlock hesitated only for a moment before returning the kiss.
"It wasn't enough, I know," Sherlock continued, "But it was the best I could do under the circumstances, and I'm sorry about everything I put you through, John. I never meant to hurt you. I didn't mean for any of this to happen but I didn't have another choice..."
Within a few minutes they were both fighting off sleep again. They were both tired and just wanted to rest, but they had a long night ahead of them. No matter how many times John claimed he was fine he knew that Sherlock would diligently wake him up every two hours until neither of them managed to fall asleep again.
"What happened after that?" he asked after Sherlock stayed quiet for a long time.
"Yeah?"
Sherlock tried to look away from John but he held his ground, softly nudging Sherlock's chin up again. "Please look at me," he pleaded.
"Are you just going to stand there or are you coming in?"
"Does your offer still stand"?
"John! How is he, is everything alright? Are you alright? You look peaky."
His discharge from hospital had been surprisingly painless, and mostly due to the fact that John had threatened Sherlock if he didn’t behave.
In a split second the room was filled with laughter. Sherlock was so relieved and so happy that anything could make him laugh right now, but the sound of John’s laughter seemed to propel his own to continue and suddenly he couldn’t stop. He laughed with joy and happiness and relief and excitement. John did the same, his brain only now catching up with the reality that he was engaged to the man he loved.
"John, I need your help!" he shouted as he grabbed John by the shoulders.
Sherlock swallowed visibly and his breath hitched as John moved his hands forwards, grabbing hold of Sherlock and rubbing his hands painstakingly slowly over his length. The detective threw his head back against the tiled wall as John applied is gentle touch.
Sherlock's nightmares had gone away, John's were kept away by Sherlock's presence and everything was back to normal now, but not quite the same.
John grabbed the duvet and, hugging Sherlock from behind, cocooned the two of them within. “Is that better?”
Later on at night, after they both got ready for bed, John prepared a glass of water and Sherlock's medication and laid it out on the bedside table. Sherlock himself was sprawled out on the bed, eyes closed, but it was obvious he wasn't asleep. John crawled on top of the bed over to Sherlock. He started leaving a soft trail of kisses down Sherlock's exposed chest, all the way up to his neck again and gave Sherlock's lips one deep long kiss.
That single word sent a rush through Sherlock. He could barely make out all the emotions that were going through him right now, but the most prominent ones seemed to be relief and sheer happiness.
Sherlock being a light sleeper started shifting in bed. He moved upwards until his head rested on John's shoulder and the doctor started running his hands through the detective's curls. He felt Sherlock sighing against him. He closed his eyes, letting the sensation travel through his body. He felt calmer now that John was around. Somehow everything felt better when he was with John, which was why the last few months had been so hard for him to bear. John hadn't been the only one suffering.
As per usual the first thing they did was remove their jackets and put the kettle on. John kept rubbing at his back, but it was a difficult spot to reach. He took a couple of tablets for the pain, hoping that they would actually help, and prepared their tea.
He even found it hard now to go to sleep. He had never had what could be called a normal sleeping pattern, staying up days on end when he was on a case, sleeping for long hours when he wasn't, but now he found it hard to go to sleep at all. His mind was racing, having nothing to concentrate on it chose instead to take everything in. Every sight, every sound and every smell that reached him. He couldn't shut his mind off, couldn't stop it twisting in on itself, no matter how hard he tried to concentrate on a specific thing.
Sherlock had always kept things from his own life private, but John had finally found out when his birthday was and had made a point to remember so that they could both celebrate it quietly the next year, knowing that Sherlock would be opposed to any large gatherings. They had even made plans for what they were going to do. And now here he was a year later, celebrating all by himself.
John was pliant and quiet beneath him and Sherlock wondered if he'd fallen asleep. When he finished the massage he put his dressing gown on and laid himself over John's back, covering him completely. He started laying soft kisses along John's shoulders and as much of his neck as he could reach until he felt the doctor stirring beneath him.
As soon as Sherlock woke up he was going to eat and take a day off. His body needed to recharge after being neglected for so long and John was going to make sure nothing like this ever happened again. Not only was it extremely worrying that Sherlock's blood sugar had been low enough that he actually passed out, the circumstances under which it happened were rather embarrassing for the detective.
Sherlock kept working John, moving his fingers in and out until John was crying out in sheer need; need for Sherlock, need for more. Sherlock withdrew his fingers and grabbed the lube from the floor. Just as he was about to slick himself up John grabbed his hand.
Finally realising how long he’d spent under the shower Sherlock turned off the water and got out, wrapping a towel around himself. As he made his way up the stairs to their room he saw John walking down towards the kitchen, no doubt on his way to make breakfast. Sherlock sneaked in a quick kiss before John left and then made his way to their room and quickly got dressed.
He stayed in the shower for a good half an hour, spending most of his time just standing under the cascading water until he heard Mrs Hudson walk into the flat. She had left by the time he got out, wrapped around his towel and Sherlock's dressing gown, but she'd left him some lunch on the kitchen table.
"I hardly think making tea is going to do that, John. Your concern is unfounded."
"Sherlock, this isn't your fault." John said firmly.
John was lying in exactly the same position, right in the middle of the bed, so Sherlock slowly nudged him over to his side. He then wrapped the heat pack around the towel to ensure that it didn't burn John's skin and settled it over his back. After turning the lights off he lay on his side of the bed and pulled the sheets up, making sure they covered John completely.
Once there John lay down on his side of the bed, Sherlock quickly following him, but instead of laying on his own side he decided instead to lay on top of John. He had removed his dressing gown which made movement much easier. He started kissing John with a passion that was unknown to him before. Each kiss was a declaration of love, of need, getting deeper and more passionate. He kissed John's lips, his neck, his chest, his stomach. He kissed every part of John he could get to until he reached John's pyjama trousers, at which point he kissed his way back up to John's lips again. It may not have been what John had in mind but it was clearly taking Sherlock's mind off whatever had been bothering him. When Sherlock reached his lips again John put his hands on the back of the detective's neck and deepened the kiss. His own tongue slipped into Sherlock's and he heard the detective moan in pleasure. The kisses became more forceful, both fighting for dominance over them, until they were both gasping in need of oxygen.
“That you would say no.”
John continued moving in and out, alternating between long, languid thrusts and quicker more intense ones, trying to prolong Sherlock's pleasure. A particularly well-aimed thrust had Sherlock shouted in elation. Never had he felt a sensation quite the same as that and he wanted to feel it again. Noting Sherlock's response John aimed for the exact same spot over and over again, increasing his tempo and intensity the closer he got to his release.
Sherlock didn’t even have to say anything, John just seemed to know whenever he was nervous or worried and always tried to comfort him, without making it too obvious, of course. But nevertheless he was always there when Sherlock needed him. And that was all it took to convince Sherlock that they were ready for this; they were ready for the next step, and they were going to take it together and everything was going to be just fine.
“I know it’s uncomfortable, Sherlock, but it’s only for a moment. We’ll get you downstairs and onto our bed in no time.”
Sherlock didn’t protest when John held his hand and pulled him towards their room, which was Sherlock’s old one. John tried changing into his pyjamas but as soon as he got rid of his clothes the detective didn’t let him put anything else on.
“Glad I could be of service,” John replied. He sat up on the bed, carefully pushing Sherlock out of his lap and they both stood up. “Time for a shower. Are you coming?”
Before Sherlock pulled away John grabbed him by the back of the neck and brought their lips together again, only for a few short seconds, and then let go of the detective.
Mycroft looked Sherlock in the eye, and for a second the detective thought he saw a flash of hurt cross his brother's eyes and he regretted his harsh comment. Was it possible that Mycroft was here just to see if he was okay? Surely he'd been kept up to date with his condition, an appearance by the man himself was unnecessary.
Deciding that the detective had suffered long enough John let go of Sherlock’s cock and instead grabbed his thigh and lifted it over his own shoulder. Now he really started moving, going as deep as he could manage and as quickly as they could both take it.
They ate sitting at their respective desks, both reading the paper. Sherlock was quiet as he read the newspaper, no doubt trying to take in any and all information that might be useful to him and storing it away.
"You're not going anywhere," John insisted.
"John!" Sherlock suddenly called out and John halted his movement immediately and looked at Sherlock to make sure he was okay. What he saw was not at all what he expected. Sherlock had a glint in his eye and a smile on his face that spoke of true and unabashed affection.
"Mycroft was here?" John exclaimed.
“I’ve had tea and coffee, no need to worry.”
Their lips connected and they found themselves unwilling to let go. John angled his head down slightly so as to take the pressure off Sherlock who was stretching himself far too much for his liking and he deepened the kiss. Soon Sherlock's tongue had set out to explore John's mouth, moving slowly across John's lips and meeting John's tongue.
“Yeah, of course,” John grabbed hold of the monitor, sneaking a peak at the readings more often than was strictly necessary. The paramedics carefully manoeuvred Sherlock down the stairs, trying not to bump into any of the tight corners of the building.
There were times when he tried to articulate his feelings. He succeeded on occasion but more often than not he simply enveloped John in his arms, as if he could transfer all his feelings for the man by touch. He used his lips, his hands, every part of his body to ensure John knew he was treasured and loved. He wanted him to know how grateful he was for having John in his life. John who always followed, John who always worried about how little he'd eaten and slept, much like he had last night, and so Sherlock decided to show his appreciation as best as he could.
Exactly two hours later he sat up, pushing John up with him, and started kissing his partner slowly, from his shoulder, up his neck and all the way to his lips. By that time John was awake and started kissing back. He turned around, bracing himself on either side of Sherlock’s arm, and threw them both back down on the sofa.
They were both sweaty, groaning, breathing heavily. John's hips would bear the marks of Sherlock's fingers for days, John's ankles kept pushing Sherlock forward, further inside John and the doctor wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissed him hastily, then moved down to the detective's neck and started sucking.
Sherlock tilted his head up, giving John more space to nip and suck at his neck. "I've missed you."
"Fine." Sherlock sighed, "I promise I'll try to pay more attentions to the demands of my transport, no matter how utterly dull they may be."
He went upstairs to get dressed. He pulled his trousers and his shirt on, not bothering to put on his suit jacket. After putting on his shoes he waked down the stairs only to meet John who was blocking his way.
“If you’re sure,” John said, though it was clear he was still concerned. “I’m making dinner now if you want to help out.”
John took a deep breath before replying. "Need I remind you what you were doing before you passed out?"
"Come on, let's get you to bed." He said as he attempted to drag Sherlock out of his chair and towards their room.
"John!" Sherlock called out breathlessly.
"Would you like some help?"
“Happy anniversary, John,” Sherlock returned.
"Me too, John. Me too," he replied as he snuggled closer to the doctor and wrapped his arms even more tightly around him.
"Maybe you'll make it up to me tonight," John whispered in Sherlock's ear, and felt him shiver and harden against him.
replied Lestrade,
He tried to stay conscious, knowing that as soon as he gave up so would his lungs, but it was becoming impossible. Every breath was wrenched out of his chest painfully as his airway constricted further and further, his lungs trying to scrape along without oxygen. He coughed around the mask, watching as it fogged less and less. He drifted off and thought of John.
"If I didn't know you better I'd say you were a hopeless romantic."
“I know, Sherlock, “John said, a note of understanding in his voice, “but you know how bad your migraines can get, and this will help. They should be over in a day or two, you won’t have to take them for long.”
There it was. Exactly what he needed. John Watson.
But Sherlock had been cut off from everyone else. He had traveled the world, by himself, going after Moriarty's network. Hiding and running and worrying about John. After living with someone for so long the solitude must have affected him, especially when he was carrying out such a difficult task, and John's heart clenched in sympathy. It would have been easier for both of them if he could have joined Sherlock, but he'd be putting both their lives at risk in doing so.
Sherlock was startled for a second as John suddenly came into his line of vision, only to be snapped back into action when the bat connected with John’s head instead of his own. John went down, crumpled on the floor, and Sherlock threw himself at the thief.
"Close your eyes and concentrate on my hands," John whispered.
John eyed him critically for a moment, worried that Sherlock was coming down with something. “You should get some rest then. Go to bed, and hopefully you’ll feel better in the morning.”
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed, "very clever, John. I'm just sore."
"Is he going to be alright then?" Lestrade asked.
"I require your assistance."
When John returned home all traces had been wiped. The kitchen was clean, Mrs Hudson was back in her flat and Sherlock was working away on his laptop.
After his chest tube was removed Sherlock finally felt free. There was nothing connected to him that he would get in too much trouble for disconnecting and he could finally walk around. And seeing as John wasn't here yet he decided to do just that. There was only one problem with that. Sherlock didn't tell anyone where he was going so when John got to the hospital and saw the empty bed he panicked.
John couldn't help but smile at how easy it had been to awaken him this way.
A broken voice called out.
Sherlock spared them only a quick glance before going back to looking at the woman. He was clearly in distress, one hand clutching at his unbuttoned shirt and the other at the woman’s hand. But she soon moved behind Sherlock, giving the paramedics enough space to spread out their equipment and do what they needed to do.
“What for?” Sherlock asked.
"Definitely."
“I’m not tired, and I don’t want to go to bed alone.”
"Is something the matter, Molly? You're unusually quiet," he finally asked.
"Sherlock?" John shouted, "Sherlock, talk to me. Please! Sherlock!"
Sherlock’s reflexed had always been amazing, but it seemed they had failed him this time.
“Morning,” John mumbled, turning his head to look at Sherlock who was carrying a tray of food. “Two mornings in a row,” he exclaimed, “I must be sick.”
John knew there must have been a good reason for what he did, but he never thought it would be something like this. "He threatened me?" he gaped.
Sherlock looked intently at John, daring him to make a comment.
"What was that all about, huh?" he asked gently. He knew it would be hard to get Sherlock to talk, but every moment that passed he was more convinced he absolutely had to. "That wasn't a normal nightmare, Sherlock, what's going on with you?"
"I'm not in pain, John, stop worrying," Sherlock said when he finally opened his eyes and noticed John's frown as he looked over him.
Lestrade replied on the other end.
“What did Lestrade tell you about the case?” Sherlock asked.
John narrowed his eyes; clearly this was not going to be enough.
"I wasn't sulking, I was trying to be helpful."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Because you have a traumatic brain injury which affects brain function and can have negative cognitive effects as well as-”
Sherlock ran up the stairs to 221B, John following close behind him. After the case was solved they had gone to Angelo's for dinner and then walked back to Baker Street. As tired as John was from the day's work he didn't think he would be able to go to sleep now, and he was sure that Sherlock would not be able to either.
John let go of his worries over Sherlock's state of mind and smiled broadly at him, finding his idea endearing, regardless of the reason behind it. "So, is this going to be out first date?"
When they were alone once again John looked at Sherlock to find the detective gaping at the place where their landlady had been standing a moment before.
Mycroft noticed a lot of changes in Sherlock after John came along, and especially after Sherlock came back. He was still the same old Sherlock, but he seemed more aware of the people around them. Of their feelings, of their lives, of what affected them, and even though he had always been aware of this now he seemed to tread more carefully around them. He measured his words more carefully, he kept some of his more extreme deductions to himself, all just to please John. And it pleased Mycroft too, to see his brother being so human.
John chuckled but agreed, he really did want to finish the film, and Sherlock looked to be comfortable enough, even in the position he was in.
An hour later John was coming up to the house in Lestrade's car which was filled with boxes of evidence they had for Sherlock to look over. They brought everything upstairs and for the remainder of the day Sherlock took everything out and settled it on every surface he could find. The living room was filled with papers and evidence, as was the kitchen and Sherlock was now even using his room to work.
Now, back at 221B Baker Street John had hoped that Sherlock would listen to his pleas and finally slow down; but to no avail. The detective was on his so called post-case high and had decided to start a new experiment. John didn't even want to know what it involved. The more he knew the more compelled he would feel to throw it away and that would only cause trouble. He decided instead to make a cup of tea for each of them and settle down to watch some television. He knew that Sherlock's body would soon give in to exhaustion and he would have to be there to drag him back to bed- their bed.
He strode towards John and wrapped his arms around the doctor’s waist before bringing their lips together in a deep kiss, tongues venturing out, deepening the kiss, prolonging the pleasure. John responded quickly, tilting his head to give Sherlock better access and cupping the detective’s face in his hands.
John lingered over Sherlock for a few seconds before finally sitting down in front of the detective. He grabbed one of Sherlock's hands and held it in his own. He placed his other hand gently on Sherlock's chin and forced him to look John in the eye.
"Bored."
"Thank you."
"I know," Sherlock replied, confident in the knowledge that John would always be there to pull him back from the edge.
John checked the time over and over again for the next five hours, but Sherlock still hadn't shown up. By 2am he decided to go to bed and hope that Sherlock would be back by morning. He was not disappointed.
John could see that Sherlock was feeling self-conscious so he hopped off the bed and went to the top drawer, quickly finding what he was looking for. Before he returned he slipped off his pants and looked up to see Sherlock unabashedly gazing up at him.
His best friend, his lover, his fiancée, had almost died on their living room floor. His lungs almost giving up on being lungs. His heart would have followed closely behind. He had been
After a short relay of the facts John deemed the case a 7 which would hopefully get Sherlock out of bed and to the crime scene. He should have known it would never be that easy.
John ceased his pacing as he realized someone had been calling his name. His head snapped up and he looked at Mycroft who was wearing an expression of concern on his face and approaching John in a defensive manner. It was only then that John realized how he must look, pacing up and down the office talking about his dead flatmate.
John dropped down in front of him, cleaned him up and then lay him down across the bed. “How’s your head?”
"Good morning," John said, looking down at Sherlock with a smile on his face. "No nightmares tonight."
Sherlock didn’t seem to realise the implication of what he had just said. John sat with his mouth hanging slightly open as he listened to Sherlock rationalising John’s presence.
Sherlock grinned. “You’ve been doing it since day one, John, I shouldn’t worry.”
Lestrade's face took on a rather strange look. Some combination between surprise, happiness and relief. "Where is he?"
It came as a surprise to him to realize how nervous he felt whenever he thought about it. He didn't know what he was going to do, and he had no idea whether or not John would agree; maybe it wasn't something he wanted in his life. He decided to bring it up to try to discern John's feelings on the subject. He took the chance about two weeks later when the case they had just solved involved a wife who had killed her husband when she found out he was cheating. Dull. Boring. Predictable. But very convenient for Sherlock at the moment.
He looked up to find John staring at him with an intent look on his face again. When he saw the detective looking back his face split in a wide smile of pure happiness. "You're back," he said.
That prompted John to take control. He moves and starting pushing his feet down on the mattress which allowed him to control the thrusts and he barely felt Sherlock moving now. He was too far gone, desperate for release, overwhelmed with pleasure. When John felt the burning heat boiling inside him he clamped his mouth down on Sherlock's neck, muffling his cries as he lost control.
They each wrapped a towel around their waist, though it was clear they were going to be discarded soon enough, and exited the bathroom. As soon as they reached their room John pushed Sherlock against the wall, effectively closing it, and attacked Sherlock's lips with ferocity. Sherlock returned the kiss with equal fervour and soon they were once again fighting for dominance over their kisses.
"But you do know me better."
“John,” he called out quietly, shaking John’s shoulder and running his fingers up and down his arm, but John gave no sign that he heard him and just continued dreaming.
Many of the things he had learnt would probably be deemed unimportant by most, but to John they meant everything. Sherlock Holmes, the most reserved and mysterious man he knew had chosen to share his life with him in every way possible and he was grateful. No matter how unconventional Sherlock could be John had grown rather fond of his idiosyncrasies. In fact, he intended to explore one of his favourite ones this morning. As it turned out Sherlock was completely unable to resist an invitation to have sex in the shower. This had often become a vital distraction when Sherlock didn't have any cases to keep him occupied, and John was about to test how effective it still was.
It was then that John reached him and Sherlock immediately removed his coat and thrust it towards the doctor. "Hold that for me, would you?"
"Just calm down, John, we'll find him," Lestrade said, "Go to his room in case he comes back and I'm going to have a look around as well. I'll text you if I find him."
John sat down on his chair, enjoying the beautiful notes Sherlock was playing and observing him playing them. He had a soft smile on his face and his eyebrows furrowed in concentration. When he finally finished he set the violin down carefully on his brand new case and then sat down on his own chair across from John.
John noted amusedly how Sherlock stopped squirming in bed and narrowed his eyes. “A seven?”
Sherlock instinctively curled up against John, his hand draped over the doctor’s chest, holding his hand. John used his free hand to bring the sheets up over them, hoping that Sherlock would be able to get some sleep tonight.
He got in the shower and sighed heavily as the hot water hit his aching muscles, relaxing him. For a few seconds he was able to forget the worry of the last few days and simply shut off. No thinking, no worrying, just some much needed peace and quiet.
Sherlock started slowly divesting John of his clothes. He started with the jumper and shirt, leaving a trail of kisses down John’s chest until he reached his trousers, at which point he undid the belt and started lowering them down John’s legs. John, in turn, toed off his shoes so that Sherlock could get his trousers past his ankles. After removing his socks John applied the same treatment to Sherlock until they were both completely naked.
"They had him sedated for a while, but they say he's just sleeping now. His body's trying to recover."
"Oh God, yes," Sherlock replied as he got up from the shower, with John's assistance, and turned off the water.
“I have a
"The wife," Sherlock replied, as he ran his hands through his now wet hair. As he did so John started roaming his hands over Sherlock's chest and moving ever closer to the detective.
“Of course he’s going to be fine,” Sherlock snapped. He couldn’t even fathom a scenario where John was not fine because it was just too painful to think about. Even so it had been scary to see John go down. Not only because he’d always viewed John as a soldier who could take care of himself but also because it had happened when John had been trying to save him.
"You never ask anything for no reason." John was growing more and more suspicious of Sherlock's odd behavior and questions, and he couldn't pretend not to notice it anymore. "Are you planning on doing some weird experiment, Sherlock?"
"Yeah, of course."
"What about me?" John whispered, lips inching closer and closer to Sherlock's.
He still worked as a sounding board for Sherlock who always needed someone to talk to about the development of the case. The excitement in Sherlock's eyes was evident whenever he moved one step closer to solving the case. It was refreshing to see the old Sherlock back again, not the withdrawn, tired and dejected Sherlock that John had witnessed the days before.
His footsteps could be heard as he walked towards it with slow and steady feet. He didn't like the way that the flat gave him this cold feeling inside, usually it was a bright and lighter area that could actually allow people to feel like they could breathe.
He went down the aisles and looked around, cringing inwardly when he saw objects or items that reminded him of John.
“All you have to do is hold it over our heads!”
“-leave it! You have papers to fill out anyways, leave us be." Lestrade finished to the very determined Anderson.
The cashier was sitting down in the chair they made him sit in with his hands handcuffed to the table by the metal half circle. He laid face down on the table, unmoving.
Mycroft felt amusement at the sight of him deep down inside, but he made sure to stay professional and kept his face cool and unattached.
“Why didn't I see her before she- she killed herself?!”
“John won't hate you Sherlock-”
John was back.
"If you're checking for that then you've been slacking off lately."
Maybe I'll see him again.
Sherlock frowned and looked down at the cash register. There were dents and scratches on the metal parts of the register, along with the conveyor belt.
He had waited five minutes before the manager came and asked him questions about the reason he wanted to check the computer. Sherlock had answered the man who was about the same height as him. His dirty blonde hair combed back and his strong cologne reeked the man's blue shirt and trousers.
Lestrade sighed and dropped his head. He didn't mean for things to get
I know what the symbol looks like.”
‘John was here
“Moriarty.” Sherlock mumbled.
John was missing.
“Of all things to do, why this? What would he get out of it?”
Sherlock nodded again. "But one I'm not opposed to."
I'm so sorry for the late update! I didn't expect family and then going out of town and then school crap throwing papers and pencils at me. But, here's the next chapter and I promise this time that I'll update sooner! ONWARD!
Mycroft's head snapped up to stare at his brother. His eyes flickered towards his brothers elbows before going back to his gaze. Sherlock held a defensive frown, daring his brother to ask about or check his arms.
He pressed the button to dial John and looked around, waiting for the ringing to stop and a voice to answer. He ignored the weird looks that were thrown his way and smirked when John answered.
“Yes boss?” Donovan asked as she approached them, looking as equally confused as the other people around them. She looked at the man who had been skulded by Lestrade, looking for answers. He only shrugged and looked fearful before looking back at Lestrade and John. Sherlock kept quiet and vigilant, raising an eyebrow at Donovan and sighing through his nose in annoyance and boredom.
“YES!”
Sherlock had found the information about when John had come. He sighed and braced himself for everything when he found the name ‘John H. Watson’ on the list.
“I should've put her somewhere she wouldn't get hurt or something… I'm sorry.” Lestrade sighed and looked regretful, holding his coffee cup tightly.
“What?! We're almost to your-”
“You were always quite hungry!”
Lestrade sat at his desk, finger intertwined and lips pressed up to them. On his desk he had the missing people files, or as Sherlock had named them, ‘The missing J’.He had a red apple and a hot coffee cup with the usual staple and pencils and pens. He also had a stack of post-it notes and regular lined and print paper.
“Mycroft helped me a bit. We looked through all the cameras and followed where John had gone that one day. He went into that store,” Lestrade pointed at the address on the paper, “and never came out. We watched the tape over and over again but we couldn't find an answer.
“Sir, officer, listen. It's not what it looks like. It wasn't m-”
"This is her? Is she working with Moriarty? Who's she and when did she become part of the whole deal?"
“Yes, he's goning.”
"Doctor Watson,"
“Any back doors?”
“You’re not my friend.”
Sherlock stared at it, realising this could be the answer to everything and he could find John before anything drastic happened to him. But in the other hand, it could mean that he was already too late and John would know nothing of a man named ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
Silence followed again and Lestrade looked at Sherlock, moving to point his feet at the skinny detective.
Sherlock sighed mentally in defeat.
“The blondes in the bag.”
“Sherlock, you know… We get that this is a hard case for you. It's,” Lestrade looked around looking for the word to choose before making eye contact with Sherlock again, “very emotional for us all.”
'Was that enough of an easily made memory?’
Mycroft had a few ideas and theories, but he just told me to leave and get some sleep, that he'll be able to find out in a couple hours.”
He sighed. That wouldn't happen and this isn't what the letters about. Of course it isn't. If John had written it from that situation he would her put the address and all the necessary information.
“Don't understand? Neither do I. But I know that the symbol that all returned lost ones have looks like the letters I-O-U.” John frowned and slightly tilted his head to the right as he narrowed his eyes to the ground. “What does that mean?”
But I forgot, during this case I can't dream. I can't smile or laugh. I don't know happiness anymore. Any trace of happiness has been taken from me. I'm miserable and I can't take it anymore. Of course, I'm not going to kill myself, no, I still have a case to solve, but I'm going to have to start playing a little bit more.... Dirtier.
Sherlock's face scrunched up immediately.
“So,” Mycroft started, “How are you little brother?” He smirked.
"Simply checking on you for any relapses."
She had enough of Sherlock's bad moods and his constant glares as she told him to eat and drink water.
“Uh, yes? I have information about the corpses of the missing people. Yes. Get Lestrade.”
“What?! No! I don't have a girlfriend.”
A silence filled the room as tension thickened even more between the siblings. Anthea had cleared her throat to remind the brothers that she was still present, making both brothers somewhat jump and jerk their heads her way.
He sent the pictures to Lestrade with a small caption.
The two men stared at each other, each had a face of sparking anger and for John, confusion. Lestrade stood in the left of Sherlock and John was on his right, staring down Sherlock. The detective inspector had no ideas as to what he should do to stop it before it became physical, which was highly doubtful on Sherlock's part. He wouldn't hurt John Watson, even if John stabbed him or killed him, Sherlock would just sigh and look sad before accepting it. The two men saved each other in more ways than one and would never kill each other in more ways than one.
"I have a feeling that Moriarty is somewhat involved in this Lestrade. I can't just give up and let it slide."
Lestrade nodded back and forced Dylan against one of the cars, pulling his arms behind back and handcuffing his wrists. Dylan kept pleading that it wasn't him, that he was forced to do it and it wasn't as it seemed. But Lestrade and all other policemen weren't fazed by it and shoved him into the backseat of the police car Lestrade owned.
Sherlock got into the passenger's seat in Lestrade's police car and Harriet got into the one in front of Lestrade's. The engines of the cars roared to life.
Sherlock looked around the room and his eyes landed on john's empty chair. He had lost count on how many days it had been since he was taken. He didn't even remember when he went to the store to look at the evidence. All he knew is that John Watson is missing and his head, stomach, and eyes hurt too much and were heavy. He hadn't gotten much sleep lately and it was having a toll on him.
“Uh- not you- no- not you- it's someone that I know that I thought of.” Lestrade inwardly slapped himself at his stuttering.
Sherlock had always been told that caring is not an advantage and love should always be avoided and disregarded by his older brother.
“It was quite obvious.”
Lestrade opened the door to a room and gestured Sherlock inside before going in after him and closing it. The room was dark and had a computer and multiple VCR’s and DVD players.
He had about a five hour sleep before the calling and messaging began and woke him up. So he wasn't in the happiest or best moods of them all.
“I've… I've got a question.”
“Yes…”
Lestrade took the package and ordered the man to look around the flat with the other policemen and women and ask people around the flat if they saw anything.
“You're making my brother do it.”
The cashier looked around the store. He slowly backed up as he kept glancing around, before he put his hand on the door and pushed it open, dashing into the night. The bag was with him and it was droopy and the cashier looked like he had a hard time carrying it on his shoulder.
“What the bloody hell is going on? It's like a revolution started!”
He sneered.
“I'll tell your husband you've sold all the jewelry he bought you for money or you'll leave so I won't have to look at the fifty pounds of horrible makeup you've hitched on your face.” He told a woman who had been following him like a lost puppy.
Sherlock scoffed. "Like you'd let this go. You wanna find Moriarty? This is your start. Trace the victims, and work upwards from there, it's obvious."
He opened the file and papers with a picture of the person who had been a victim to the case was connected to a paper of the information of them by a paper clip. He read all the sheets in less than ten minutes, feeding all the information to his mind, storing it in his mind palace.
“They're always pissed off too, you know. Fits you and your sassy attitude towards me."
“JOHN!”
Really, was two minutes too much to ask for?
“I honestly don't know who you are or where you come from, but whatever you're trying to stop won't happen.” Sherlock glared back at the manager. “Not with me.”
'Oh god. Oh my god. Oh my god.'
The lights flickered and lit the dimly lit room. The smell of blood and mould lingered around and into the nose of the poor man who had been set inside the tightly locked door. The table in front of him used to be a pale blinding white, but was soon replaced with brown, dried up blood. His head hung from his neck and his shoulders were tight and hunched. He no longer had shoes and his trousers and shirt was pure white, well used to be pure white, but now it stained with brown and dark red spots.
His mind kept wandering to it being a letter that John Watson was officially brainwashed and had no memory of anything whatsoever. He kept trying to be positive and tell himself it could be a letter from John saying that he escaped and is now on his way home.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and looked at the paper. He looked up back at Lestrade and gave a nod before turning and walking away.
“Hmm,” Mycroft hummed in thought leaning back in the chair and laying his right ankle on his left knee, “interesting.”
Sherlock gave Mycroft a look that could kill. Everyone that associates with Sherlock knew not to bring up specific things, and the time it's been since John disappeared and John himself are a big no no. Of course, the only one who thinks that those rules are irrelevant are Mycroft. Sentiment should have never been apart of this whole case anyways, seeing as Sherlock isn't putting any big effort if any at all to find any of the other victims that had fallen in Moriartys path. If only his brother saved his warning in that thick head of his.
"JOHN!”
“Okay Lestrade. Or Greg? Which one? I don't know.” Molly mumbled. “I'll tell Sherlock. See you later.”
“Uh, yeah- yeah we have.” Lestrade stood up straight at that point whereas Mycroft was already standing straight and deducing John.
“The pictures and policemen say different.”
“I know that, in just saying- it's just- what does, ‘The cash is in the bag’ mean? What could it mean Sherlock?”
There were multiple finger nail scratches upon the belt, making the line where the nails had scraped a shade lighter.
“Helping you avoid a mental breakdown. You’re on the edge of one and you’re too caught up in the case. Relax, I can help.”
“Yes? How do you know my name?” John asked and slightly tilted his head. He slowly leaned forward to Lestrade and narrowed his eyes in the process. “Have we met before?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed and closed his eyes, thoughts pacing around his restless mind. He couldn't help it, really. John had tried about anything to get Sherlock back on his feet after falling down at such a young age. Then, a thought struck a chord in Sherlock's mind and shot his eyes and mouth open.
Sherlock had noticed his jaw hurt from clenching it too hard and his nails were digging into his knees and scalp when his phone rang. He quickly picked it up and didn't bother to look at the number before he pressed answer.
"I worry about you."
Mycroft, though very confused and concerned for Sherlock's mental health now, stood up and dusted his black tuxedo before turning to walk towards the door. He paused in his tracks and turned around to face Sherlock again, though he was looking out the window as he played that bloody note, and cleared his throat. Sherlock payed no attention to him and continued on with the note.
After that, he calmed down as Mrs. Hudson kept asking if he was alright and if he needed anything.
His breath slightly hitched, eyes going wide for a second with shock before disappearing once again.
“An E-mail?” Lestrade asked in disbelief before scoffing and groaning in annoyance. John’s hands were already clutched into fists and shaking, anger consuming his face so much that he was red.
He unzipped the bag carefully and opened it, peering inside of it before grimacing in disgust. The smell, oh the smell.
Two minutes was all he asked for. Two minutes of pure silence and calmness. He hoped to reach that goal but of course, the gods weren't on his side today.
"Sherlock, there's a- a package.”
Sherlock went to number five and waited as a man in his forties finished paying and left with his bags. Sherlock stepped up and looked at the woman who had straight hair that went to her shoulder blades. She wore quite a lot of makeup and had a red shirt on that had a button with the shop's name on it with light blue trousers.
“Yes.”
Sherlock had then walked around London, keeping his eyes out for a dirty, sandy, blonde haired man that was at least a head shorter than Sherlock. He went to John’s favourite places and asked about him, but no one knew.
Ten minutes of the police searching the house and the cashier pleading, they came walking out. Sherlock spotted that one officer was holding a clear plastic bag with an item in it. He couldn't exactly tell what it was due to other officers walking in front of it.
“You,” Lestrade said sharply and pointed at Donovan, causing her to raise her hands in surrender, “take Harriet’s body to Molly Hooper so she can take a look at it.”
“Please what!? You don't understand! You're not John!”
“See!? John could've been taken around the store and into an office area thing, where he then was taken out of an emergency exit and kidnapped in a car, look!" Anderson pointed to a black car that had raced across the screen, his eyebrows going up as if to say 'what did I tell you?'.
“John had abusive parents,”
He asked as he brought up his hand to touch John's cheek, who only remained still.
“I know.”
“No I meant-! Nevermind.” Lestrade ran his hand through his hair as Harry mumbled and ranted on about how sick it was for her to be in a relationship with her brother.
He made his way to the cars as instructed and Lestrade indicated the sign for the policemen to go search the house.
"There is no love in war.... only hate."
Harry took a deep breath, clenching and Unclenching her fists before she turned around and punched the cashier on his jaw. He yelled in pain and fell backwards, landing on the rock driveway.
“WHAT?!”
Lestrade ruined the silence as he cleared his throat, causing Sherlock to close his eyes and sigh again before looking at the disguised officer.
“Good day.” He said as he looked at Lestrade, nodding a farewell to him before leaving and chasing John, his coat imitating John’s in the breeze.
The whole place had stopped and stared at him, silence ringing loudly against the tension. All eyes were glued to Donovan and Lestrade as they glared at each other, each one fighting the urge to punch and slap the other.
Molly frowned at the last part. "Sounds to me like Mycroft already knows where he is." She then laughed at her little joke but stopped when Sherlock nodded.
"No! I haven't told Mycroft!" Sherlock all but spat out his brothers name as if it were a forbidden word.
"Can we refrain from bringing him up? I thought I had asked you and Lestrade to stop."
The screen went black and remained that way for about thirty seconds before it showed the date again.
Sherlock frowned after he looked for an hour and maybe fifteen minutes, he looked up and thought of another way to understand things.
“Right. Sorry. Anyways, it's been cleaned and there's no way to know exactly what happened. Should I just leave it and stare at the papers at the flat,” Sherlock turned away from the people and smirked. “Or should I risk it and go into the surveillance room?”
She had gotten tired of Sherlock's behaviour and had called a person in his life to help with Sherlock's depression. Of course, Sherlock wouldn't like this plan, but he brought it upon himself. Yes, Mrs. Hudson understood that this is particularly hard for him and the case isn't even finished, but he should just tell himself that he should let it go and help John.
Sherlock entered the kitchen to see John staring at his computer, eyes wide. His fingers were pressed against the mouse as he scrolled up and down again, reading something over and over. Sherlock glanced at him through his science glasses before going to the sink to add water to his jar. If John was upset there was no point in asking. He would tell Sherlock later. Or more exact, scream at Sherlock before breaking down and disappearing to his room. Usually, Sherlock didn't mind. He knew John was burdened. That happened more often these days, as John had more on his mind. Sherlock had urged him to go back to his phycologist, but John refused. He said he couldn't talk to anyone right now, and Sherlock did not blame him.
John felt more tears well up in his eyes. He always knew Sherlock loved him, even though he had never said the words. This was about how much Sherlock NEEDED him. They embraced for a long time until Sherlock’s tears were spent. He still shook, so John led him to the couch. They both sat down, and Sherlock laid his head on John's shoulder. John laid his arm around his shoulders and held him against him. It was quiet, except for Sherlock’s soft breathing as he tried to return it to normal. Soon enough John turned to him and wiped his cheeks, before looking into his eyes. He was surprised to see all the raw emotion in Sherlock’s eyes.
“How?” John couldn’t help but ask. Sherlock just smiled knowingly. Just then, Mrs. Hudson walked in with the morning paper.
, John thought. Sherlock’s frown deepened. Suddenly, the feelings of loneliness and self-disgust, so similar to his own before he met John, were crossing over from his soul mate. The memory of wanting to give up and die and the memory of holding a gun to the head were sent to Sherlock’s mind. Sherlock gasped in horror and tightened his arms around John in fear as a few tears escaped his eyes.
“Oh, use your imagination!” the detective responded. John rolled his eyes good-naturedly at the eccentric man.
“Just wait there, John. Don’t go in alone,” the DI ordered.
“It means that when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me,” Sherlock explained. John gave him a curious and amused expression.
“Pink,” John said as he remembered Sherlock’s words before he ran off. “You got all that because you realized the case would be pink?”
Sherlock added.
“Well, I knew you'd find the case. I'm not stupid,” Lestrade said in greeting.
“I’ll give you my word, John, nothing you say will leave these rooms,” Mycroft said and Greg nodded I agreement.
John thought.
“What?” Sherlock asked, noticing the look John was giving him. John shakes his head in response.
“Not good?” Sherlock whispered to John quietly.
“So what were we doing there?”
“Wanna see some more?” Sherlock asked. The expression on his face showed that he knows exactly what John’s answer would be. John’s response didn’t disappoint him.
“That's fantastic!” John exclaimed again. Sherlock looked at him and John tried to give an impassive look.
“Oh he did,” John corrected. The smirk on Sherlock’s face dropped.
“It wasn’t working for me,” the woman replied.
*****
“I have a case that needs your particular set of skills,”
“Stop whining and let’s go,” replied the doctor as both men headed out.
“I hope I'm not distracting you,” the man said, noticing the smile on John’s face. John looked up and the smile vanished from his face.
“Friend of mine. When I say friend…” Sherlock trailed off uncertainly. Mrs. Hudson came to Sherlock’s rescue.
“He has killed four people,” Sherlock stated simply.
“Yes... because you need me,” Sherlock responded self-importantly. John looked at the two men feeling like a third wheel. Lestrade has a look of defeat on his face.
“Your arch-enemy, according to him. Do people have arch-enemies?”
“Police! Open her up!” Sherlock shouted as he opened up the cab door and flashed a police ID. He saw the bewildered face of a tourist. “No,” Sherlock panted.
”I’ve been called back. I need to leave tomorrow morning.” John said and put his fingers against his lips like Sherlock always did. The tip of his fingers covered the inner part of his eyes and the tears that were starting to collect there. Sherlock knew that John did that on purpose. He always did that when he didn't want anyone to see his tears.
"He's right, you know?"
Sherlocks eyes widened in realisation.
it is that you're missing, but that's the file and case to solve it-”
"You sure you know what you're doing?"
Sherlock stared at the man, narrowing his eyes and trying to deduce more about him. He's tricky, very… very difficult. Different even. He's not like the others.
“A man, and classified.” The man winked and gave a dry laugh. He stood up and faced Sherlock, a smirk still planted on his face, and slowly swayed side to side.
Sherlock had been dragged into Scotland Yard by Lestrade to help figure out as to where John had gone and Anderson just so happened to be in the same room as the two.
“Come to me, honey!” He'd yell at the confused and happy John.
She placed five files on her desk before running out of the room to do more autopsies. She turned multiple ways and panted harshly with her ponytail flapping and waving behind her.
Sherlock, of course, just blankly stared ahead of him in his loose blue pajama t-shirt and loose blue striped pajama pants. His hair was a mess and sticking out from all directions and his chin even had hairs growing already. He might've been the living dead if he wasn't breathing and blinking.
“The blondes in the bag.”
And with that Sherlock had gone.
The three ran from the office and down the halls. Lestrade yelled at people to move as Donovan lead the way and Sherlock following silently. Donovan can to a stop in front of a door and Lestrade almost crashed into her. She opened the door and walked in, Lestrade and Sherlock following behind her.
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Leave it at the door.” He looked back down and blinked, licking his lips in the process.
Unlike this rain.
"I know..."
“Game? This is a game? Moriarty-”
“And you should be eager to start moving the car right about now.”
"SHERLOCK!” Lestrade yelled as he ran upstairs. He gasped at the sight of Sherlock and and ran so fast to the detective he almost slid In Front of Sherlock.
She entered the room and looked at a twenty year old woman. She was blonde and quite tall, blue eyes that were closed, pale skin, long fingers and fingernails.
"LESTRADE!" The door banged open and a hyper detective came bursting in with the loud side of his baritone voice.
Lestrade coughed a fit after choking on his spit before leaning closer to Sherlock, eyes and mouth wide open.
It was the bathrooms door.
It was clean. It must've been cleaned and scrubbed down pretty well.
“Hi.”
“I'll make sure your daughter knows you made out with her boyfriend and flirted with him this past weekend. Seriously, you've got to make sure her boyfriend is a teen like her, not a twenty-five year old man. He's old enough to be her father, shame on you, really.” And with that, Sherlock had decided he should retire back to his flat.
John jumped up and held Sherlock's right arm that he had brought back to gain power in it before launching it back forward to rip another clump of papers off. Sherlock, yelling and screaming, pushed John back with such intensity he fell back and hit his head on the floor. John got back up with a sore right side from it scraping on the coffee table and a thumping head before going back to Sherlock.
It was quite a hustle getting here because everyone wanted to go and see the man who abducted John Watson, even Donovan and Anderson; but they were forced to stay at the station because they kept snapping at people with their nasty attitude.
"Huh?” He grumbled again, his tired body gaining enough strength to make a frown appear on his face.
“DONOVAN!” Lestrade yelled, causing policemen and policewoman around them to jump and stare at him, even some glaring and making rude hand gestures to him.
She had told Lestrade the only reason why he had come was to find ‘Johnny-boy’ and bring him back. She didn't care what she had to do. She had found out he went missing when they list the names of missing people on the telly with the information about them (height, weight, colour of eyes and hair) and a picture to go along with it.
Sherlock moved to the conveyor belt. It had scratches in it, lighter parts on the black belt.
He sniffed as some tears had managed to escape. He tried to bring his hands up to wipe them away but Mrs. Hudson shook her head and lightly pushed his hands back down onto his laps.
“What?” Sherlock spat, anger dropping off his words and clouding his eyes.
“The cash is in the bag.”
“John was the cash and the blonde, Lestrade.”
Sherlock then started insulting Lestrade and making Mycroft even more pissed and the three men had screamed their lungs off at each other. Sherlock then managed to grab a glass cup and throw it at the two, causing them to retreat back downstairs and outside. That leaded up to Sherlock chasing them to the top of the stairs, where he screamed at them and threw a shoe and a glass vase before the door had shut all the way.
"I asked who are you? Where am I and what do you want?"
John contemplated his chances. His body aches and he didn't think he wanted to do this anymore. His shoulder and leg throbbed with every heartbeat. His eyes felt like they were staring at a bright white light for hours and his brain pressed against his skull. He wanted to identify the person so he could keep a lookout, see if everything was okay or out of order. He needed a face and for some reasons his hand longed for the weight of some type of weapon. He forgot which one though, it wouldn't come to mind.
“Does it have anything on it?” Lestrade asked and looked over to Sherlock, who was still frowning and twisting and turning the package.
John has been gone for nearly seven months now. Oh how time went by fast. Sherlock had been running up and down London to find clue after clue and still coming up empty handed.
Nor was John.
The screen turned black and smoke came out of the VCR. Lestrade quickly took the tape out of the VCR and ran out of the room with Sherlock behind him.
John heard the man sit down and possibly put his hands on the table, studying John's body and posture. Low whistling started and it eerily echoed through the room, making its way into the hallway before disappearing again. It stopped after about five minutes before a light scoff was heard. John shut his eyes even tighter.
“What about them?”
“Uh, not that I know of. Why?”
But the thing that Sherlock had cared so much for that he would die for it is a man. A blonde man he might add.
No. No, not again.
“Oh, there's one more thing that I found in the box, Lestrade. It's not exactly unimportant and very useful.”
There were shoe marks, most likely from the tip or the bottom of the shoe being dragged or banged along the floor. There were multiple markings, two shades. One was black, the other was a type of grey. Black and grey shoes.
“No, no. It wasn't them. It was me and a couple other people that I trust more than them. We discovered that the people have blue eyes and don't have any children.”
“Just drink it!”
It was moments like these in life where Mycroft wished his brother could understand what was needed to be successful in this cruel world. He had shown people that he had sentimental feelings towards John Watson, and someone noticed. Now John's gone and had been gone for seven months.
“Of course Mrs. Hudson, you are here. You wouldn't be here if you weren't and you most definitely haven't been abducted like John and I wouldn't be here sitting on my arse waiting for someone to serve me food and a drink because I'm too lazy and selfish to myself and I would be out at the station trying to find out where you are unlike how I am with John and John's gone and John's not here and John won't remember me and John-”
No reply.
"I'm not asking or telling you to." Lestrade sighed with annoyance and gave Sherlock a caring glance. "All I'm asking is that you take care of yourself because if John comes back with everything-"
Sherlock smirked as he recalled the memory with a smug face as he put the rim of the cup against his lips.
The tension between the three of them was still lifted in the air and Lestrade kept looking at Sherlock with sorrow. He also kept putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder and giving it a squeeze whenever they talked about the case and John.
“What? You have?”
He knew that pattern.
"If John comes back with anything!" Lestrade cut Sherlock off with vociferous voice. "Then he's going to blame himself for whatever happened."
“Obviously.” Sherlock didn't exactly know what to do. He didn't know he had abusive parents and he looked back out the window. John had abusive parents? Really? Hell, he sure did never show it. John was too nice to have abusive parents.
“The pictures.” John whispered with hatred.
Mrs. Hudson went to go make Sherlock a cup of tea with some toast and fruits when a knock was heard at the door, stilling her movements. She wiped her hands on the kitchen towel before she went downstairs.
“You're blind, little brother.”
Sherlock stared at it, realising this could be the answer to everything and he could find John before anything drastic happened to him. But in the other hand, it could mean that he was already too late and John would know nothing of a man named ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
“I'm your bloody friend!”
“Okay,” Lestrade sighed, “And what relationship do you have wit-”
“Yes, this is the one,” Sherlock said with a baritone voice before looking at Molly. “Thank you.”
“Oh Sherlock, go to the kitchen and I'll fix you something up.”
“Look. He's not breathing Lestrade. He just… Fell. I don't know. I was outside of the room when I heard the thud.” Donovan said as she rubbed her arms with her hands.
“He's so gay for him.” Irene would say.
“It's John's. That was his favourite jumper to wear.” Sherlock stared at the cloth for a couple more second before he looked back up to Lestrade and Harry.
“Don't know.”
“You should sleep.”
“Does it sound like he had a person in the bag? Does it sound like he kidnapped John Watson?” Sherlock's eyes narrowed and his voice got harsher and angrier quickly. Lestrade stared with disbelief. The cashier had taken John.
"You are.”
Before they had came to the house, Lestrade had shown Harriet the footage of John being kidnapped. She had almost punched the laptop and she raged out on the wall. Her older sister instincts took over and she demanded she went to see the man who did this to her brother.
Sherlock moved his hands on the cash register and pulled out his magnifying glass. He frowned as he looked at the metal through the glass.
But John had never went to 221B Baker Street that night. Or the days following. Sherlock had gotten suspicious and called and text John's mobile, but he never picked up or respond.
The door had fully opened and Lestrade and mycroft had been about ready to tackle the person, but stopped short when familiar blue eyes had landed on both of them. They flickered between the two men and they stood there, stunned, as they took in the sight infront of them.
“Is there anything?” She asked quietly so she wouldn't interrupt Sherlock's train of thought. Lestrade shook his head and turned the box upside down, but nothing fell out of the empty box.
His mind fogged up and darkened when the thought of John came around. He wanted to find him before it was too late and rip the people who thought of taking John away to shreds, but he should've done that weeks ago. A month ago.
“Sherlock, you know… We get that this is a hard case for you. It's,” Lestrade looked around looking for the word to choose before making eye contact with Sherlock again, “very emotional for us all.”
“JOHN!”
“See you later.” Lestrade pushed the ‘end call’ button and put the phone down. He closed the files after putting the pictures in them, then putting them in his top right desk drawer. He made his way towards the door and opened it. It was a mess.
“I'm a detective, I don't need to tell you where I'm going for you to find out.”
“Remembering.”
Today was a long and busy day. He had enough of this and the family members weren't so happy, but the media and reporters were. He'd had to shoo away reporters left and right all day and he was tired of it.
"Great!" Sherlock forced a smile and clapped his hands together to prove he was impassioned. "Then that means some else was involved in this too. Not just Moriarty."
“Don't trust strangers.”
Not only did Sherlock not lift his mood, but he added multiple things to the ‘to do’ list. He had received many calls, messages, emails, hell even actual mail from parents, siblings, husbands and wives and friends from the people who had been taken. They all wanted information but sadly he didn't have any. He told the people that and they only got infuriated.
Dammit it's only ten A.M!
“I found evidence Lestrade!” Sherlock said with slight desperation in his voice, his mask that he always wore was cracking infront of him.
“There's absolutely no way that anyone could've killed him. Do you think he suffocate himself?”
"I didn't ask for your input. I want you to read this and find this woman." Sherlock ordered, his gaze still burning into Mycroft's as he shoved the file towards him.
Sherlock shrugged and his eye twitched in annoyance.
‘Hair- Blonde. Eyes- Blue. Skin- Pale/Fair. Height-’ Molly stared at the woman closely as she walked past her head.
Lestrade grabbed the paper he had scribbled everything down on and handed it out in front of Sherlock. The paper was slightly shaking in the air from Lestrade's tired hand, but stayed in the air.
Others just made Sherlock inwardly cringe because they had no connection of the case whatsoever. Some of those questions were about Sherlock's
Sherlock looked up from his slouched position in the middle of his bed to look at the closed door. He was wrapped in his white blanket and was in his loose pajama shirt and pants.
“Yes?”
“This is the one, right?” Molly asked quietly as she came up to stand by Sherlock.
He was a cowardly soldier.
With a one dollar bill in it.
"Must you always be so.... unclean?" Mycroft sneered at the photos on his office floor.
He could kill thousands of people right now, if he tried. Mycroft would probably put him into rehab and Sherlock wouldn't want to go there until he finishes this case. If not for the people and Sherlock himself, then for John.
