Violet leaned forward and held him close while tears streamed down her face. “It would be weird if bears shit in the bathroom. I love you, daddy. Peter… is gonna kill me.” She laughed and full on cried into his shoulder. “Your here…”
Peter jumped down and ran back to Tony’s side dragging Violet behind him.  Peter wrapped his arms around Tony’s leg and cried hard. “Don’t go! Don’t leave me again!” Tony just rubbed his back and cooed at the boy.
“Captain America, are they apart of the Avengers now?!” Lois Lane asked.
Tony gasped and moan into his ear. “I trust you. No one else.”
“Tell me,” Steve begged Tony with his puppy dog eyes. “Please, oh please, Tony.”
“Fine…” Tony sighed and held his face in his hands. “Happy get the twins.”
Tony smiled and looked in the mirror. He wiggled his eyebrow and smiled. “If I don’t do this they will keep calling them freaks and she will never come out of her room. I need to do this.”
Luna walked out dressed as Lucy. “I’m all fired up!”
“I don’t know. Let’s go get Papa and Dad okay?” Bucky whispered into her ear and walked down the hall to the open door to the lab. He knew he couldn’t give the little girl to her parents since they were still battling Loki, but it was the best thing he could do to get her to calm down.
Tony ran in fast enough to see Peter’s first steps in action. “My baby boy! Look how big and strong you are!” He threw Peter into the air then caught him.
Tony let go of Steve and Rhodey and walked upstairs to his bedroom changing into jeans and a red and yellow Stark Industries shirt.
Rubbing her arm and looking at the hole. “Well, I could put a big cork in the hole until we can think of something… it’s gonna take a lot of power that I don’t know how long I can handle it.”
Steve walked over and tapped her shoulder. “Vi, you need to wake up. You are safe and loved. Come on.”
Steve took him and kissed his head. “It’s okay Peter I forgive you. I love you.”
EVERYONE kept buying Steve drinks telling him how sorry they were for his lost. By the time the service started Steve couldn’t hold anything together. He has been a mess since they went back to the compound. Not leaving his room unless Luna dragged him out to eat. Bucky came in four times a week to make sure he was taking showers and drinking enough. No one knew Steve was going to crash down and burn this badly. Steve stayed in his upset state for three months. They didn’t celebrate Christmas that year.
Wanda smiled at the couple. “I know they are.” She kneeled laying her head on the floor. “I hear their thoughts. They are happy but hungry. But expected. Bruce and Cho are talking about fixing the health problems with the twins.”
Today was the opening for the Avengers theme park. Everyone was there. Rhodey, Bucky, Clint, Sam, Natasha, Thor, Scott, Wanda, Vision, Dr. Strange, T'Challa, Bruce and Peter Quill. They were all in there fighting uniforms except Bruce since he didn’t want to destroy anything. Everyone had to learn their lines and when to speak.
“I love you.”
“We are freaks.” She whispered and pointed at the muted TV.
“Luna, the real reason I pulled you in here is that we can fix your blindness.” Dumbledore put his hand on her leg and smiled. “Just like we fixed your mothers deafness.”
Luna shrugged and looked down at her black sparkling heels not looking at anyone in the eyes. She was feeling guilty about how she screamed at them after her father's call.
“What in the hell…” Tony reached his hand up and put his fingers through the butterfly.
“Aunt May knows, so I don’t care. Whatever you want to tell her. I have a question though. Why haven’t I met her until now? She is the nicest person I have ever met.” Peter asked while rubbing his nape.
“Then skip the school thing. Queens needs us.” Peter told her and got dressed. “Can Ned come over, dads?”
“I could have told you that there was no changing table in any of the men's rooms! It’s been like that since probably before you, Steve. Not many men take their kids out anymore. I think now that they should since there are many gay couples like us with small children needing to change them is a thing. We can talk calmly about it to someone. But, let’s first focus on getting them both changed. I will go back in there and pay for the clothes I picked out. Calm down… okay?”
Violet looked at the table and shook her head like she forgot what they were talking about. “… the red room. W-where… I bad,” She whispered and looked at the ground lost in thought.
“We were in the music room. She was getting ready for the concert or something… then some guy that wanted to be a reindeer came in and started using his wand. He went to blast me, but Violet ran in front of me out of nowhere. I thought she went to hide. I didn’t think she was still there with me,” Peter told him and rubbed his hand. “Where’s Dad and the rest of the family?”
“Ginny. It’s nice to meet you. Don’t let Draco screw with you. He’s a pain.” Ginny told her and lead her into the room with Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Neville.
“There you both are.” May smiled and pulled them both into a hug. She was dressed as Ariel from the Little Mermaid since Bruce and Natasha were going as Kim Possible. “Clint, Robin Hood really?”
The judge just nodded. “Why don’t we get your sister to join you? Violet, please come to the stand.”
“Yes. Trust me when I say you have a party trick.” Steve told him and kissed his head. “What do you remember baby boy?”
After an hour Bruce, Nat, Vision,  and Wanda let themselves into the house. “Hey! Who is ready to go to this fundraiser?”
“You are not stupid,” Happy told her and set a hand on her shoulder. “Let’s get to school… okay?”
“Fine…” Tony finally gave in and they went into the room together.
“Where is she?” Sam asked wanting to hold her first. “I’m gonna be the fun uncle. Rhodey is gonna be the candy uncle and Bucky is gonna be the badass fuck the rules uncle.”
“I like that. We can do everything our way,” Peter whispered.
“Step three. Special ingredient. Everyone has there special ingredient right?” Draco asked the group standing around them grinning.
Bucky started tearing up sniffling: “Hurt her and I’ll kill you,”
“What did we tell you about kissing boys?” Tony asked her in front of everyone.
“It’s a sedative, Tony! I don’t want her not to feel!” Steve yelled and slammed the table with his fist.
Steve finished for him. “She was blonde and her eyes were never seen…”
He was thankful that it was just Violet who smelled. He looked up at Tony and rolled his eyes. “Watch him, Tony. I mean it. Pepper is not here to make sure you aren’t forgetting him. Peter don’t let him buy a lot of things, okay?”
“Your brain tumor will kill you before I got the chance.” The man told him and left the room.
“I don’t need a life! This is my life. I’m okay with losing my hair and not having a family of my own.” Violet screamed at him. “I like my arms! And I’ve made a system up with the memory thing. Daddy, please I don’t wanna fight.”
“They are doing things legally. Which is stupid. This shouldn’t ever happen. I’m sorry.” Tony told him and patted his arms sighing.
“What movie is it this time?” Rhodey asked the pair but didn’t get an answer.
“Excuse me, Tony Stark!” Clark Kent yelled and ran towards them. “Is there anything you would like to say to the public?”
Steve put his hand on Peter’s shoulders and walked with everyone behind them. Cameras flashed every step they took. Once they got in the van and out of sight they handcuffed every single one of them.
Going inside the room Violet looked at the bed knowing she wasn’t going to get some sleep without her pills. “Here are my MIT shirts. Get some sleep and we will talk about your actions in the morning. I hear a single peep from you two your both dead. Understand?”  Tony looked at the both of them.
“Why did you take our baby?” Steve asked right off the back not taking any time to breathe between each word.
“She’s strong. It’ll be okay, Steve.” Nat placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “I trained her to be a fighter.”
She pouted but nodded her head. “Fine. I want ice cream after though.”
Tony took care of himself and only spent two hours in the lab at a time when he was feeling up to do something. He would force himself to watch movies with his daughter trying not to fall asleep. He would make sure every time they said goodbye he said ‘I love you’ to everyone they knew. His regret was to die and not say ‘I love you,’ before he dies.
Tony kissed his head. “Alright, I will run one without Bruce knowing. Just between us, my love.”
“Peter, stop crying. Please.” Violet whispered and began to shake when the reporters started grabbing her arms and her coat off her. “I don’t want the magic to happen.”
“I-I know. Make sure my dads don’t show up,” she mumbled and walked into the locker room where the bag was sitting on the counter next to her violin and two rundown prosthetic arms. “Jarvis you great soul.”
Violet looked up at Peter. “Don’t get in their car. She’s gonna take you… somewhere...”
They both got up and went no to the dance floor. Doing exactly what Peter said. They both danced like they weren’t being watched. Luna spun around with her hands up spinning them around.  “Holding on to one another's hand!”
When Happy pulled up to the red carpet everyone in sight was in costumes. Luna got out of the car gripping Peter’s hand. “Look at all the costumes… it’s so amazing. Can we dress like this every day? Come on Newt. Take him, Peter. OH MJ AND NED!”
“Yes, I did. I needed to know your future was safe. She needs you. I grew up being the fourth wheel. You two had so much in common with Peter that I would use my powers to pretend I knew what you were talking about.” She told them and looked at all of them. “She is the key for when trouble finds you. You’ll understand when you see the hole in the sky.”
I walked over to him and stood in front of him shaking. “Are you returning me?”
Two weeks later the couple were parents in the real world. They landed in New York two hours before their friends came over to meet the newest addition to there family.
“Are you alright little Iron American Angel?” Thor asked putting a hand on her head.
Violet reached up and grabbed his wrist gripping it tight. “Don’t touch me!”
“Well, since we will not be able to have you both look like yourselves I figured we could go out as Fairy Tail Natsu, Gajeel, and I be Wendy the first day. The second day I thought I could go as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles… we could get Bucky and Rhodey dress up as turtles too and I can go as, April.”
Bucky wrapped his arms around her tight and kissed her head. His metal arm holding her bottom. She hated being carried, but she liked feeling safe in his arms. “I’ve got you. I have you, Luna.”
Luna just nodded and sat on the couch. She closed her eyes sniffling. “Pops just started acting normal. Why did he leave? He needs more time. More time to heal mentally. I need him… I need my Pops.”
“Papa… Daddy…” she cried out and looked over where the doorsteps came from.
Dumbledore stroked his beard. “Just like your mother. She did all of her schoolings in her first year as well. Pandora was a funny woman while your father Xenophilius was an odd one who spends all of his days writing about the weird creatures of the night. I love to see that you have a bit of each of them inside you.”
Steve held her tight. “Love you baby girl. Behave and have so much fun at school.”
Denice stood up first. “Captain Steven Grant Rogers has been a veteran since, well before any of us where born. He has strived in this world to become a great husband and father as time went. Though when he disappeared on his family he went to search for his first love. James “Bucky” Barnes who he thought was dead but saw him alive during one of his classified missions. He left his family to bring home a family member not knowing if he would make it out alive. Steven stated that if he got the twins in his custody he would quit being an Avenger to care for them. Thank you, your honor.”
Violet hid her face from Bruce and gripped Nat’s shirt tighter. “No one will hurt you. Maybe Nick, but he will just kiss your fingers. Bruce, we have to go out and buy everything. Tony, Steve I know this is a big thing and it just happened, but could you watch her later? We need to get things and I don’t think her being in public is a great thing right now.”
Tony went into the elevator and went into the office looking at Steve, the two lawyers, and the rest of the team for witnesses. This was it… they were getting divorced. Nothing Tony wanted, but he couldn’t be with someone who couldn’t decide who he wanted and especially since the twins caught him cheating. It made everything worst.
“I was thinking…” Steve began
- - -  - -
“Why bring the girl?”
“Spiderman, go back up to your partner. Tony, we are going to need your mind on this.” Steve told him.
He couldn’t be sitting in the kitchen chair. He couldn’t be at the table.
“What can you think of, Miss?” Hawkeye questioned her.
Steve turned with fire in his eyes. “Leave my twins alone! Go bug someone else, please! My daughter is hurt and in pain and your not helping anything by asking a million fucking questions!”
Steve walked over to Tony and slid his boxers off him slowly. Kissing all over his chest and down his waistline. “Do you trust me?”
“The women can do it. Not many gay couples have kids. It’s not legal.”
“No! Don’t do that to me! You just figured I wanted that! Not what I truly wanted.” Peter screamed at me. “We were kids when they died, of course, we are going to be scared by it! We are fine now! We have seen so many people we know and love die! So, stop fucking around with time again!”
Steve followed behind Bruce leaving the twins on the train. “Tony, I am so sorry my love.”
As they went into the reception hall Luna stayed back smiling watching everyone from Hogwarts, Peter’s school mates and her family all walked in front of her, and the students from Professor X’s school. She was happy for once that everything was going her way and it was about to get even better. She was ready to tell everyone her big secret.
“Tony, we need to go!” Steve yelled and pulled Tony back through the window by his ankle. “We need to go now! Bucky get him out of here! Rhodey, Sam and I will get this guy in check.”
“Pops, I’m back from school,” Luna yelled while closing the door. “Where are you?”
“They should be back by the time we are done our lessons.” Tony smiled and placed the plates down in front of them. “Enjoy.” Tony looked over and held his hand out to Steve. “Come here hunky-monkey.”
They walked to the train station and watched as wizards went into the platform. Luna watched them and started to cry.
“Another question!” Clark Kent yelled and pointed his microphone out to them. “Why do you only fight in Queens?”
A day after the man left the Avengers alarm sounded. Pepper came over to babysit Luna while they were gone on the mission. Pepper normally volunteered to watch the young girl while they went on the mission so they could have ‘girl time’. After they left New York was in danger. Aliens were coming out of the sky. The Avengers started to deal with the situation but were still out of town by eight minutes.
She nodded. “I-I’m gonna fix my vision… I don’t want to have someone babysit me every day. I didn’t want to do it because I couldn’t see my birth parents and now I never was able to my adopted parents. I have no one now. I can’t let Happy put his life on hold to watch me. I’ll go back to Hogwarts get my sight fixed then move back here and be able to be with you. I want you and May to come to move into the compound with me. In my apartment. Not quite now… but as time moves on.”
Steve grabbed her by the waste from behind pushing her to the ground. “I can handle her. Get the guy!”
“O-okay, daddy.” He sniffled and let go of Tony slowly. Looking at his face Tony could tell Peter was hurt and confused.
Tony got up and picked Peter up and held him close standing behind Steve.
Steve nodded and ran his fingers through his hair. “Yeah. Only two people hurt and there are people, so no casualties. Are you both okay?”
“Thank you. Jarvis, turn on Luna Alone Blind Protocol. Play my playlist, please. Don’t let anyone in unless I say so.” Luna told Jarvis and got off the couch and went into the kitchen pulling a box of ice cream out of the freezer. She ate out of the container while she did her homework.
He got Bruce to put it in her brain where the two plastic holes where. Never turned it on until a month after it was implanted. Today he was going to test and see if it worked. Tony watched his daughter struggling to play the piano from the video footage in the lab.  Normally after an hour, she would forget what she was doing, but she continued to play for two hours straight. Studying her every move.
“Yes, Thor. I know. So cool!” He chuckled. “Oh! My sisters here peace dude!” Peter hung up the phone and smiled. “Hey, sissy. What brings you here?”
I rolled my eyes and wrapped my arms around him. “Follow me. You guys would love it here!”
“I am staying here with you. My two kids are more than happy. Let’s find coffee together.” Clint got up and shook Nat, “Hey, we are getting coffee. Did you need something?”
It wasn’t even an hour later when Bucky came back with the twins in hand. He had found them in a big spider web on the bench asleep. Violet was the only one awake out of the twins when they arrived at the hospital.
“How do you like being the daughter of superheroes?”
“As long as I get my way right now.” Tony grinned.
“OH YES! Dads pleeassssee?! It will be so much fun!” Peter asked jumping up and down on top of the table.
“Did anyone get a good look at the key?” Violet whispered and kept trying to look at the lock, but it was hidden from her sight.
“You are a baby boy!” Bucky told him and snorted. “Let’s go get you drunk.”
“We can stay here and leave early in the morning to go to the house,” Peter suggested wanting to stay here with all the other heroes.
“I can stable him I just need us to be in the lab.” Bruce got Tony on the stretcher and moved them out of the train.
“I do! Can I try it on?!” Peter asked jumping up and down.
The one judge stood up and looked at Violet with glaring eyes. “How did you think you were going to join this school of top musicians when you can’t even play. Just because you are Tony Stark and Steve Rogers child doesn’t mean you can do whatever you want when you want.”
Steve looked over at Clint with a glare. “Really, Tony?! He knows?” Clearly jealous of the man sitting across from them.
“Can we do it later? I really do have homework.” Peter told him and took the suit off. “You can help me if you want.”
“She was a boy? Does she want to be a girl…?” Steve asked her and held his arms.
“Petey!” Tony kneeled and held his arms open for his son to run into them. “Oh, I have missed you so much. Jarvis even missed you, U, and bonehead Dummy. Aunt Nat and Uncle Rhodey and Bruce miss you even more though. Not more than me though, because I can’t be without you.”
“Wanna play with the crayons on the floor?” Tony asked and got on the floor sitting on the play mat.
Going in the elevator I paced the little box whimpering. He could be dead. He could be hurt. He could be in a coma. They could be giving me back. They could return me.
Steve looked at him. “I will.” he went upstairs to the children's bedroom and saw the light on from under the door. Steve went into the room quietly. “Hey, Violet, you hungry?”
“Luna, how are you holding up? I’m sorry for your lost.” Peter asked wiping his eyes with the back of his hands. He was more upset looking than her. His whole face was red from his tears.
She stared at the table top not moving. “V-violet.” She whispered quietly and laid her hands on the table.
“Because I have no choice in the matter. Like you have no choice in being part spider.” Violet signed the papers and sat back in the chair.
“Yes. She loves being a girl. We asked her many times. She is ready to meet you now,”
Steve and Tony held hands waving and stopping to answer questions and sign some autographs for the kids. Bruce, Nat, Vision, and Wanda right behind them waving and smiling big. Vision stayed close to Wadna not liking the flashes but knew he has to get used to it eventually.
The man walking around with the trays of water tripped and dropped the tray. When the tray landed it sounded like a gunshot. Steve looked around and held his chest. “Bucky where are the men?” Steve whipped his head back and forth and stood up.
“I can’t lose you too. Understand me?! I can’t lose you!” Steve screamed at her and shook her by her shoulders. “I need you to be safe.”
“This organization is my future!” Peter yelled slamming his fist on the table. “Vi, just sign. Who cares if people know?!”
The twenty-year-old boy looked up at him. “Sorry, dude, but there is no men's room with a changing table. The nearest family bathroom is about six stores down.”
Whipping her head up she squealed getting up and ran to him acting like a toddler. “Purple! Purple!”
“What’s wrong, wife? Hehe… it’s weird to say that.”
“That was why. Thank you for confirming he’s safe. If you hear from him tell him I love him,” Luna told him and walked out of the office.
“I have you, Pete… always.” Violet mumbled and yawned herself. She made the dogs disappear and curled into Peter. “Make a web ‘round us.”
“Sure, but he has to behave himself,” Tony told him. “I don’t want anyone taking my underwear again.”
It’s been two months since the honeymoon and the two were facing more problems than everything else. Steve has been sicker than a dog, some days not even getting out of bed. Today was one of those days that Steve could barely keep his eyes open. Tony being the man he is called Bruce to come look at his husband.
“Aunt Pepper! NO! Pepper open the door!” She screamed and hit the door screaming. “PEPPER!”
“Hey, Luna. There you are.” Happy smiled and went to hug me, but I ran right pass.
“There no such thing as Santa. Flash was right. Freaks like us don’t get to meet Santa or get presents.” Peter told him. “Are we freaks?”
Tony leaned over and took the microphone. “It was fifteen years ago today Steve and I got married again and changed the name of Stark Industries into the name today. So, as my last gift to the expo I, Tony Rogers-Stark am giving 15 million dollars to new projects this year!”
Tony held Peter while Steve pushed Violet in the stroller. Tony was forced out of the lab by Steve so they decided to go to the mall. Since it was Tuesday at 10:45 in the morning there was almost no one in the mall. They enjoyed looking in every store without getting stopped by anyone who recognized them.
Garrick walked away and came back with a box covered in dust. “Try this,” he held his hands out with the wand in his hand. “Just give your hand a flick of the wrists.”
Standing Tony held his back with a grunt. “I just didn’t want glass on the floor. Thank you, Wanda.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Director I’m sorry about him. Tony is… Tony. It’s nice to meet all of you officially.”
“Stop overthinking, Steve! It's dressing up!” Tony told him and rolled his eyes.
“I still know your mother. Your father died two years ago after he published something he shouldn’t have in his newspaper,” He told her and sat forward more handing her a cloth to wipe her face off. “I use to know you as well.”
“Bucky you don’t have to be in here if you can’t handle this,” Steve told Bucky and leaned into him.
After four hours Helen and Bruce came up the elevator pushing two incubators. One for each of the twins. “Everyone meet the newest Avengers,” Bruce spoke and smiled.
“I have really big news that you might not like…”
“None of you are going anywhere.” Fury told them in a stern voice. “You all have to do damage control.”
“About sex?” Tony turned and nipped Steve’s ear. “Or about something more pressing? If it’s the second one can we have sex first?”
“Anyway! I- we need you to decide who you are gonna live with even though Steve is gonna be living under us eight floors.” Tony looked at them. “We won’t be mad either way.”
“They are in their room, Lady Luna,” Jarvis told her.
Peter married Mary Jane (MJ) and had four kids before they turned thirty. So, Peter became a quiet partner in Stark Industries while I lead it myself. I went back to playing music for fun and that’s when I found Gilbert again. We dated eight years before I finally said yes, but never tied the knot knowing if I did I would never fix things for Peter and I. I had only one daughter, Abigail. She was born a week after I said yes. It’s hard to believe she is going to be twenty-two. I was blessed that all of our kids got along great. It made me feel better about being a mom since I never had a mother to look up too.
“Yes, sirs. Shall I get the DNA test kit ready for you, Master Stark?”
When the images came up on the screen you could tell there were very big differences between them. “The one on the left is Peter and the other is Violet. Steve, I bet while you're holding her you can tell that she has no bones in her arms so she can’t move them. We can either add bone, which is going to be painful or we can give her prosthetics depending on where she has nerves she can feel. Peter here has heart and lung damage, which both can be fixed with sugary. Any questions?”
“She’s trained herself to protect, Peter,” Bucky told him. “It’s crazy that she's done that. Trust me. It’s hard to do.”
Pepper was in there Will to take Luna if something ever happened to them. They had asked her before there very first mission to take her in if something ever happened to them. Especially if Tony’s tumor was going to kill him leaving her with just Steve. If Pepper somehow died then guardianship would go to Bucky, Rhodey, and Sam. If everyone died on the team along with Pepper they made plans with a family that worked for Stark-Rogers Industries. If Happy was still alive he would take her in first though.
Steve nodded and began to cry into his hands. “Fine, Tony. Whatever. You will find the spare bedroom!”
“Of course it’s my pleasure, sir,” Jarvis spoke.
“Stop! Just stop!” He screamed at her and the girl flinched. “It’s over. I got you back to your family. I know you don’t understand. And I am so sorry, Violet.” Gilbert was starting to go pale from bleeding out. “N-never wanted you involved… you have to l-live free. And live with your family.”
“Can we discuss their medical issues, please? I don’t think I can rest until I know.” Steve told Bruce and bounced his baby girl softly who didn’t react to Sam’s yelling.
“Movie too?” Tony asked the two.
Newt jumped on the bed and licked my tears away.
“I’m sorry about his outburst. Steve let’s go. Right now.” Tony grabbed Steve by his hood on hid hoodie dragging him out of the store while pushing the stroller. “Why didn’t you just go to the car?”
“You didn’t. I promise you didn’t. Why don’t we turn on the TV and have you watch that?” Steve asked her.
“Happy birthday Pansy!  Did you know muggles made their own cakes?” Draco asked her and smiled.
Tony laid on the bed and looked at Steve up and down. “Come show me how you can take control.”
“We don’t want to hurt you!” Tony yelled at her. “Stop fighting us.”
“Have you always wondered your connection with the Dark Lord, Harry?” Draco’s father asked Harry as he moved closer to the group of children. “Don’t you want to know the secrets of how you are still alive? All the answers you ever wanted and more are sitting in your hand, Potter. All you have to do is give it to me.”
Violet reached her hand over and grabbed a cookie bowing her head a bit. “T-thank you for the meal…” she mumbled and ate the cookie with shaky hands.
“I want them. Understand that right now,” Steve argued. “I want them. I have always wanted to be a father. And being one with you is my everything. It makes me feel complete.”
The rest of the train ride was of the others in the cart talking to one another about what classes they are taking this year. Luna ended up getting up and walking off into the bathroom closing the door and locking it behind her while everyone got off the train taking the boats.
Luna got up slowly. “I want to RAISE your spirits! I want to see you smile!”
“We will. I promise we will. Let’s just get to the jet.”
“DAD!” She screamed and kept running until she made it to the room.
I laid in between my fathers. Head on Tony’s chest while Steve rubbed my back slowly. “I thought you were dead. I panicked so badly. Don’t scare me again. Swear dad, you won’t have them lie for you.”
“Excuse me, sirs. Nick Fury would like all three of you to the compound as soon as possible.” Jarvis spoke. “He said it is urgent, but not Avenger business,”
“I-I… love you…”
“Language. Lu-” Steve started then everything went to static.
Everyone was being held at wand point.
After ten minutes of dancing to fast up pace songs, a slower version of Beautiful by Bazzi and Camilla Cabello came on. Peter spun the girl smiling and pulled her close and whispered each of the words to her.
“Here, I will do it while you grab Man or Iron,” Thor told him and grabbed the staff shoving it into machine above the cube.
“I won’t let you take them out of this tower! Fuck you if you think you're taking them! You won’t touch them!” Tony screamed.
“We should end the team. Don’t you wanna move one day out the tower? Where you and Bucky can be all alone? Don’t you want to build a life with him?”
“No! Don’t take her away from me!” Peter yelled. “She needs me! I-I need her! Don’t take her!”
“Your father is getting looked at. Nat and Clint went home. Bruce just got here from calming down. Thor took Loki home to his world. Bucky and Rhodey are still here though. Sam is helping everyone in the hospital who lost their homes. Pepper sends her love from California.” Steve told him and rubbed his hand.
“Luna-”
“P-Peter…” Violet looked at him shaking. “We can’t fight them. No, I can’t fight them. All I do is make things appear.” Violet knew how to fight hand to hand combat from Aunt Nat, but her powers never helped in any situation.
Peter squealed. “Papa save me from daddy!”
“Okay. Let’s get you home.” Steve rubbed his cheek and walked him to the car. Not commenting on our future comment. “I have you. It’s okay to cry or anything you want to do.”
They walked in silence until they reached the front of the falcon staircase. She gripped her arms tighter looking up at the man. “I can make it back to my room from here. Thank you so much, Hagrid.”
**A few minutes before**
The twins sat there as reporters and fans surrounded them. The twins sat there quietly while people asked them if their father was dead. “Leave us alone,” Peter told them in his best big boy voice.
Violet’s eyes shrank in shock and began to kick her legs. She ripped out her prosthetic arms and went through the force field that burned her. “Major! Major!”
Tony walked into his room and got on the suit that was laid out on his bed. It took him an hour to get changed and to fix his hair. He looked at the letter framed on his wall.
Beep…
“Y-Yeah. See you back at the tower.” Steve followed Tony with Peter out to the car. “Tony, I want you to run a DNA test on her. She looks… I don’t know how to describe it.”
As Tony went charging at the man he noticed that something seemed… off. That’s when Tony notice that he wasn’t there. It was just a hologram. Tony blasted the camera making the man disappear. Tony hit his com and started to speak. “Most of the men are holograms!”
“Of course. I’ve got to finish my superhero costume. I have a feeling you guys are going to love it!” Luna smiled and let go of their hands. “I’ll be down for dinner.”
She nodded and took the water from Peter and drank the water. “Thank you, Spidy and Dr. Banner for everything this evening, but my head is killing me and I wish to go home.”
“It won’t. I promise it won’t love. If it does she can always come home. She is always wanted. She knows that. I tell her that every time she leaves. Even if it’s just a room,” Steve whispered and kisses his head, “I love you.”
They flew to Great Britain to go see the there daughter. The daughter of their dreams. All they could do was hope about her. The flight was long, but there hope kept them from freaking out every mile. Getting closer and closer to there daughter.
“So you are divorcing?” Peter asked. “I thought you were wrong, Vi.”
Pepper sat on the floor next to the girl and held her close into her side. “It’s Aunt Pepper. Yout dads have everything taken care of. They are just having people come in to make sure everyone goes to jail and medical attention if hurt.”
“Of course I want to. I just don’t want it to hurt you. I can’t live without you.” Tony gripped the sheets tighter. “Please, let’s make the right choice,”
“I suspected you were coming. Please come in.” Dumbledore told her and smiled when she went inside the room. “How are you Luc- Luna?”
“I don’t hate you. I’m mad that you put your life on the line.” Steve told her and sighed. “Just get some sleep. I’m gonna go check on Tony. Thor is gonna stay with you. I love you both. Please behave. I mean it.”
“Is she sick?” Steve asked and leaned forward.
“T-thank you everyone for showing there support today. It means a lot to me that they are loved this much. My father’s favorite saying was ‘to the end of the line’. I never understood what that meant until this past week. I have thought long and hard about. He never meant to death he had you. You had him until you were dead. We all have a part of Steve and Tony until we die. We all have the memories of there love and actions implanted into our brains. I remember the day they adopted me like it was yesterday. They both told me that they would love to ‘to the end of the line’. He might have been at the end of his line. But his legacy will never end. He will be remembered forever. None of the videos from YouTube or any other database will ever go away. Somewhere and somehow the names Captain America, Iron Man, Steve Stark-Rogers and Tony Stark-Rogers will be speaking somewhere. Their end of the line is just the beginning of a new.”
“Luna, baby girl. Your okay, I have you. I’m here now.”
Tony has asked Clint (the only married guy on the team) what he should plan for their honeymoon. Clint gave suggestions, but it helped Tony figure out what he wanted to do more than anything.
When they arrived at the school in Queens Thor set her down on the ground. “What do we do now?”
After wallowing for an hour on the floor Tony finally stood up and went into the dining room where the bar was set up. Grabbing out a bottle of vodka he began to drink out of the bottle. “Jarvis, get the court to make a date for the twins. ASAP. I don’t want them gone too long.”
“Daddy, Papa?” Peter asked looking up at them with syrup all over his face.
“I know you do,” Tony sighed and pulled her into his lap on the wheelchair. “Just promise me you won’t take things to fast. I like my intern and don’t want to kill him if he ends up breaking your heart.”
“Yes, your honor. Violet let’s go.” The man stood putting his hand on her shoulder and began walking. Pushing her a bit to walk faster.
Tony walked out with the shopping bags and placed them in the car. “You know… I probably would have done the same thing. Yell. It’s not right and your right on that. I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
“Yes, ma’am! Papa says we have to be honest all the time or we get a time out!” Peter told her and sat back in the chair.
A little boy walked over to the men as they walked out of the bar. “Excuse me!” He yelled and pulled on Tony’s pants. “Are you Tony Stark?”
Luna shook her head and got up, “Papa needs you more than I do. I’ll go… and behave. I promise. He needs you guys more than he needs me.”
Steve S-R
Professor McGonagall went on to the stage and looked down at the students smiling. “When I call your name to step forward and I will place the Sorting Hat on your head it will place you into your home for the next seven years. Ginny Weasley,”
“Jarvis! Open the damn door!” Natasha screamed at the A.I.
After an hour of her sobbing on the floor, Jarvis sent an alert out to the other Avengers in the compound. Natasha, Clint, and Bucky sat outside of the door banging on it.
Five people, you love: “S-Steve…  T-Tony… Happy…” She started to wheeze, “Pepper! Uncle Bucky.”
Steve leaned over and set Violet on her feet. “There you go sugar bear. Bruce when will her arms be done?”
“Sir, Violet is starting to become unconscious and Peter’s suit is becoming too overheat and will need to land ASAP,” Friday spoke into the headset.
The four sat at the dinner table eating. “Does anyone remember what we had last night?”
He nodded and closed his eyes biting the rag. Since the serum was at play Steve couldn’t have any pain medications or anything.  “Alright, thank you, ma’am,”
Luna hunched over more and began to shake slightly. She took a deep breath and bit her lip keeping herself quiet. She wasn’t going to give them what they wanted. Not this time or ever.
“Oh, yes,” the receptionist looked up and smiled. “She is a peculiar one. She’ll fit right in with you two. If you come this way, please. Oh, by the way, my name is Gale. I’m one of the runners of the household.”
When the machine beeped it brought Tony back to the real world. He looked over to the test and sighed. Positive DNA match 87.98% match from both him and Steve. Tony turned and looked at the girl laying down and sighed. He knew they had a road ahead of them.
“Yes, sir.” Peter sat on the bed and curled into the covers. “Love you both.”
“So, you did this to teach her to fight?” Steve started laughing and ran his fingers through his hair.
“That’s when you loved me! When you were my husband! Things are different now! Remember?!”
He walked for what seemed like miles until he found a town nearby. Tony laid in the sand holding his chest. All he wanted to do was close his eyes and rest. “Steve I wanna have a family with you… I want a baby. I want to be a father. Better than mine. Save me.”
“What do you mean hurt?” Rhodey asked Peter and looked at Tony.
“A-always… love,” Violets rasp voice started and looked around the room forcing herself to sit up. “Daddy… Papa…” she took deep breaths and started to cry.
“Well, I am always ready when you need back up my love.” Steve smiled and kissed his soft lips. “I love you forever and always.”
Peter leaned over and kissed the top of her head. “I’ll be back. Bruce is gonna be up here in a few minutes to check on you.  Look you over as well. I love you. Stay hydrated.”
“Yes, Bruce… I’m sorry for making you worry. L-let’s have dinner. Can I help you?” she mumbled and wiped her eyes.
Steve sat quietly trying not to lose his cool. He’s been through forty of these doctors appointments, but this one was going to be worst. He just felt it.
“You ready to go drink?” Rhodey asked them while rolling his eyes. “I know I am. We can drink together. I didn’t think we were going to see the day.”
Violet looked up at them and bit her lip then spoke. “I-I…” She stopped talking when Nick came back into the room and sat with them. She looked back at the table.
“Oh, okay papa.” Peter smiled and continued to eat his food.
As soon as Steve realized what he said everyone became interested.
Tony watched the boy and got into the limo after his friends and husband. “Can we just go to the store and buy beer to go home with? I just want to hang out with you guys. At home so then Jarvis can drink as well.”
Steve followed him silently to the plane not forcing Tony to speak or anything. The whole flight home was silent until they landed. Tony got out of his seat and punched the window on the plane until his hand bled. “Steve… I didn’t want to leave you like this. I don’t want to go. I want to live so badly! I want to live!”
Getting shoved into a bag in the middle of the night isn’t the best way of waking up. She kicked and screamed trying to escape the bag. She believed that she was in the bag for longer than three hours. When she felt everything stop moving she kicked her legs. “Let me out!”
“You can see, him, her when it is parents week, or on holidays along with summer,” he told them and smiled holding out the letter. “S-she will be starting in two weeks. If you follow the letter you can get to platform 9 and ¾.”
“Sure, go ahead. Did you need any help?” Steve asked and went behind her and rubbed her back lightly.
Peter nodded and make a weak web around them keeping the snow falling from touching them. Along with the wind blowing right at them. Once they were warm enough each of there little bodies started to doze off into sleep.
“Let me have a look,” Bruce told him and walked back over looking at her head. “Well, it looks like they operated on her brain. I need scans for more detail, but I am gonna need her sedated. I won’t do that though until we figure out where her mindset is.”
“Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me everything, Tony. Why didn’t you tell anyone you were sick?! Have a concussion no less! I needed to know! We needed to know! I was hoping out of everyone on the team that would be an exception! You use to tell me things all the time.”
Hawkeye looked up and rubbed his chin. “The last time we used handcuffs we had an indent inside the circle part.”
Violet laid there quiet listening in on everyone. She didn’t want to open her eyes and face reality. All she could think about was playing the piano for her audition for the advanced music school she has been wanting to attend for the past year. She needed to find someone quickly to control.
“We love you so much kiddo,” Tony told her and kissed the top of her head.
“It’s nice to meet new people…” Neville told her blushing brighter than a tomato. “Are you a first year?”
Steve gets mad when there is no baby changing table in the men's room.
She sat on the toilet lid and sighed putting on the glasses smiling at her reflection. “For Papa and Dad. I do this for them,” She reminded herself and got off the train.
“I don’t care what people say. We don’t have to be ordinary… make your best mistakes. Even if it includes marrying me at eighteen. Luna Pandora-Elizabeth-Sara Stark-Rogers, will you do me the honors of being Ms. Stark-Rogers-Parker?”
“I won’t break his heart he only has one of them. I'll break his bones he's got 206 of them. I really need to study, Daddy.” Luna got up and kissed his head. “I won’t wake you up in the morning when I leave.”
“Who do you want to go home too?”
“Tony… whats the red room?” Steve asked glancing over to him.
“Remember everyone, smile. We are here for kids who have cancer.” Steve told them and opened the door to the chaos.
“Peter this is my daughter, Luna. Luna this is Peter. My intern.”
“Peter is starting to wake up. He is in a bit of pain, but his body keeps healing to fast for us to give him anything. We think he will be able to be going home by tomorrow. He regrew his finger while in sugary.” Dr. Dessie told them and looked at the chairs. “How about we sit down to continue?”
He helped Violet into the fighting ring and let the force field go up that held them in the ring. Each of them tied to the other side of the ring not being able to touch one another.
Steve smiled and accepted the glass knowing this is all they were going to be drinking until the kids turned twelve, maybe twenty if he could get Tony to dislike drinking, but who was he kidding. Tony, loved to drink.
“NO!” Steve yelled then looked away blushing. “Sorry… it’s coming with us. I need it for the nightmares.”
“Fuck… fuck!” Steve’s face became terrified. “I don’t know. Fuck me!”
Steve grabbed her hands. “I am so sorry kiddo. Truly I am. It was an accident, Papa thought he was seeing things.”
“You're not unloveable. I love you.”
The baby squealed kicking his legs. “Dadda!”
Over the past two years, Tony and Steve have made enough peace to behave in front of Peter. They decided that parenting was the number one thing that was going to happen for them. Raising Peter to behave and be a good human being was there number one priority. Steve was still with Bucky. While Tony was okay being alone he had Peter and that was enough for him.
Vision took Wanda’s hand and smiled: “We want to help you every second of the way”
“Yes.”
“Okay, I’ll change her, and don’t compare our children to one another. That’s rude Tony. That’s like comparing you to Howard,” Steve kneeled next to Peter making sure he wasn’t going to sit him down in a dirty diaper.
“Wait! There is also one thing.” Bucky yelled and went after them. “The press knows about the twins' powers.”
“Tony, it’s gotten bigger. You going to space must have made the tumor bigger. We need to start radiation and chemotherapy now. I will fly everything home with you. Bruce is going to handle your treatments. Get home and start as soon as you can. Get your affairs in order. The best amount of time I can give you is four months give or take. You really have to take care of yourself. Sleep when it’s night time, or even if you feel tired. Eat healthily. Tony understand? Help yourself feel better.”
The man behind her shot up into the air pushing the frail on to the ground. Everyone covered their heads while Tony and Steve jump into the action seeing that the rest of their team already were fighting what seemed like Hydra agents. Everyone was screaming and yelling.
“We both won’t be gone. I talk to some agent last night about adoption and I found the perfect little girl. She’s one, very much blonde. She can’t see two feet past her face, but she is adorable. They said it can take six months to get everything ready. We can go and meet her any time.”
“I didn’t think of that. I’m sorry Luna. I should have asked you before we made a plan. I’m truly sorry,” Tony whispered and kissed her forehead.
Bruce came up not even five minutes after Peter left to see her. “Hi, kiddo. Heard your not feeling well. Let’s get you looked at and find out what’s going on.”
Peter took her hand and started walking with her while the dogs kept close. They walked aimlessly around the station looking for anyone that they knew. Hating every second they were alone.
She held onto his shirt and looked around curiously. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Violet kept whispering into his shoulder.
“Does… does she have a suit?”
“So, we going to interrogate them?” Nat asked with a slight grin. This was always her favorite part of the job.
“Here is fine,” Tony told him and sat in his spot on the couch. Ever since Tony saw The Big Bang Theory he has become like Sheldon with his spot on the couch. NO ONE was allowed to sit in his seat.
They both ran up the stairs like schoolboys going to look at a pornographic magazine. One right behind the other chasing the other.  By the time they were up at the top of the stairs Steve was stripping off his shirt and was pulling Tony close to kiss him.
As soon as the headband was on her head the arms started to move around and the fingers curled up into a fist. Violet was more than amazed at this that her power started up. In a moment rattles started falling from the ceiling as she squealed with delight. No one was able to touch the rattles falling, but Violet. She shook the rattle and smiled. “Po…”
Being able to see was always one of her biggest wishes in the world. She was born with her sight, but after the bomb at the muggle hospital where she was born, she was never able to use her gift of sight. “N-No thank you. I wasn’t able to see my birth parents… I don’t want to gain my sight. Thank you for the offer though.”
Nat walked in with the bottle of pills. “I figured you would be back for this.” She handed them to Steve and sat a glass next to Tony.
“There are still single husbands that need to change there kid! Why don’t you bring up your fucking manager.” Steve yelled grabbing the attention of everyone in the store.
Steve looked at the girl who began to cry. “Okay. Okay. We will find it. I promise,” he picked her up and rocked her slightly.
She grinned and thought up the key that Hawkeye described. “Let’s do it again.”
Bruce looked at the couple not wanting to get in the middle of there fight, but he knew that they wanted her to be happy. If that meant that she was dulling herself down, then that’s what it was. They just needed to argue about it.
“Sir, they are outside waiting for you,” Jarvis told him and put his hand on his shoulder. After a minute he turned the boy around into his arms hugging him tightly. “It’s alright, Tony. No one left you here. I have you, my boy.”
“Yes. That’s what the cameras showed. She ran in front of Peter with her arms across her chest.” Steve told her and rubbed Tony’s arm.
“You really can’t see?” The boy hissed at her snickering.
The hour drive to HQ was quiet decides when the radio played a song that all of them knew. Then they would turn it up and yell the song out. Their favorite song to do that to is Don’t Stop Believing by Journey.
“Where is Steve?” Clint looked around and noticed the waiting room was empty decides Nat sleeping in the chair behind them.
“Come on, Tony.” Clint persuaded Tony to stand and started walking down the hall.
Tony nodded and got dragged over to the table getting his legs cuffed to the metal table. “Do anything stupid you will get shot. Understand?!”
“Language,” Bucky told him and snickered. “Nat and I will go find the kids. Sit here with your husband. Okay, punk? I bet they are fine.”
The medical team sat Tony in the sand then walked away letting the two have their time together, but waited for the signal to go back to take Tony’s body. Steve held Tony as they sat in the sand watching the sunrise. Just as the sun's reflection started glistening on the water Tony started breathing lighter. He was struggling more and more.
“Steve she looks so little… and frail like glass.” Tony told him and sighed. “How are we going to yell at her about going to that school? All she wanted to do was play her music, and it’s our fault she can’t. We didn’t protect her.”
Tony laid there with the bed sitting up and him looking over at the door. He has only two monitors and was trying to get out of bed. “Hey, baby boys.”
“Go ahead and have some!” Peter smiled and pushed the chocolate chip cookie closer to her. “If you not hungry we can play instead.”
“Y-yes ma’am.” The lady got up from her desk and walked back. She walked back quickly and grabbed her hand. “Come with me.”
Luna sighed and sat on the couch. Newt jumped up and sat next to her. “Jarvis, play the recording of Dads first fight in front of the Avengers.”
Luna sat on the bed and held her knees. “Only six weeks until parents week...” she whispered and began to cry.
Luna: Happy, I am not feeling well. Can you please come to pick me up?
The girl just looked at them with her light grey eyes. Her blonde hair going past her chin by half an inch. She had on a purple and blue polka dots and a big pink flower hair bow on her head.
“But we can do this why you guys find the source!” Peter yelled back.
“No clue. Jarvis is down. We are on our own with this.” Tony told them and looked at the cameras not seeing anyone.
“I’ll have to ask May…” Peter told her. “Don’t change yourself just because you inconvenience someone. You always said you liked being blind. It’s a part of you.”
“Did you not hear me?” She asked again and took a deep breath. “And you ask why I left the tower, Papa.”
Steve walked into the room looking at Tony and sighed knowing he needed to be with him. “H-hey… how is she?”
“Let’s sit you down. Are you drunk?” Peter sat me on the couch. “Are you ok? Did Gilbert do something to you? I’ll kill him if he did.”
“We aren’t going anywhere. I am packing a bag for the mission. They need me in Germany. Happy will be staying with you. I wouldn’t go, but they need me,” Steve told her and kissed the top of her head and set his hand on her cheek.
“Um… well, I guess that you saw that they are just children that can handle their powers. Please, leave them out of the media until they are at least fifteen. Thank you, everyone.” Tony smiled and walked down the path into the hall, but the press could hear Tony yell. “Get back here Peter! I will eat your toes!”
The group left taking Peter with them keeping the kids in the middle so there were no good pictures of them.
After the bell rung the speakers cracked.
“Mr. Bougainvillea?” May looked over at the man. “Where is Violet?”
Tony flew as fast as the suit would let him, but it wasn’t enough. The suit planed on the roof breaking through three floors until it came to a complete stop. “Kid! No! No! NO!”
It’s been eleven months since the twin's surgeries happened. Peter is almost completely healed decides the fact that he still has a nasty cough, but the fathers thought it was better than Peter drowning in his own fluid in the lungs. Violet had kept from above her elbow up of her arm. Tony, Bruce, and Helen are trying to design a model for when the girl grows up into a toddler.
“I won’t. I’m home for good. The war is over and we can go home. Everyone is slowly coming home, but we got out first since we never came home. There’s actually no party. Just the five guys and Jarvis to drive us around.”
“Come here, Lu,” Tony beckoned her closer putting a hand on top of hers that was holding the cane.
Everyone looked at one another. “No one is a Mr. Lovegood here. Wrong address.” Clint told him and pointed an arrow at him. “I suggest you leave.”
“Of course and watch your language.” Steve got up and carried Tony into the living room setting him on the couch.
“I swear I’m going to find her. If it is the last thing I do.”
“Call Helen Cho. Now, Jarvis!” Bruce yelled and kept looking at the baby. “Tony, Steve I need you to leave. Lay Peter on the bed, Steve.”
Tony stayed behind to pay for the wand while Steve left with Luna holding his hand.
“It would be rude if you didn’t,” Tony told him and watched Peter put the outfit on.
“But, I don’t wanna go and neither do you,” Tony told him and gripped Steve’s hand lay them between the two of them. “You said if we do anything it would be together. We would Avenge together and we would win and lose together.”
“Let’s get out of here before we get more reporters here,” Bucky told them and dragged Steve by his hand to get him on the helicopter.
“It is. I want to be home here and go to Midtown High and then go to MIT like you did. Undergraduate in the arts so I can keep drawing,”
Steve sat with his hand in his lap looking around. “I’m nervous. I can’t wait to see her. I feel like my heart is racing out of my chest.”
“At least give them a week to get used to being around everyone then we will go ahead. I would wait to move everything until they recover.”
Living in the apartment with Peter has made Tony and Steve realize that he was lonely, but not in the literal sense since six other people lived in the tower part-time. He missed the company that other children gave one another.
Love you. Love you. LOVE YOU!
Peter laughed and rubbed the back of his neck. “She started getting ready this morning at nine. I’ve never seen her so jittery before.”
“Can you hear me, Vi? Come on wake up.” Tony pressed the spider in the center of the suit and picked her up. “Peter get the suit back on.” He commanded and put Violet back in the dress once Peter changed out of it.
She walked down the stairs and sat in her chair leaning into Happy who was sobbing. No one knew what to tell her. What can you tell a child who just lost both of their parents four months apart from one another?
- - - - -
“Just pick it up.” Tony hissed at Steve while other passengers glared over at them. Peter and Violet were to caught up in the performance to even hear the phone.
“Daddy look they are letting people on!” Peter squealed and grabbed his pant leg. “We gonna go see Santa?!” Peter was the most excited out of all of them since the boys at school told him that there was no such thing as Santa, but was ready to prove them all wrong.
“Hey, Peter come on please,” Tony begged and bounced the toddler in his arms slowly. “You know you can’t shoot spiderwebs in Papa’s nose. It’s mean.”
Bruce sat the girl on the table in the middle and looked at the back of her head where the golf ball size bump started rising. She hissed as Bruce lightly touched the bump. “Did that hurt?”
Luna leaned into his touch and pulled his face down and kissed him. “I have the biggest crush on you… I need you to distract me, Peter.”
Tony just sighed. “It’s okay. I’m gonna be an Avenger too. I’m going to be working on new gear for you guys and once I get my armor working I’ll be on the battlefield with you.”
Two things you smell: “Sweat… blood.”
“Floo Powder. Just say Statue of Liberty.” Professor Flitwick told her and handed her, her bookbag. “Be safe, Ms. Stark-Rogers.”
The limo went around the block twice before stopping to let the twins out. When Happy stopped the limo he got out and opened the door for the twins. Peter got out first holding his hand out for his twin. “Miss Imagine let’s do this.”
Flash kept taunting him. “What you don’t want your orphaned and blind girlfriend know how much of a pussy you are Parker?”
“How young are they captain?” Fury asked and took both of the signed papers.
Soon enough Luna went downstairs holding the rail. She could hear Steve and Tony talking in the kitchen louder. She hid behind the wall listening in on her parent's conversation with Aunt Pepper on the phone.
Luna held her arms and walked back to where he told them to go. She shook worst than when she was cold. Her fathers were going to be disappointed in her. Ron and Ginny ran into their parent's arms smiling. Neville went to his grandmother stood to wait for him. Hermione’s parents held her close looking her up and down making sure she was alright.
“Steve. You're safe.” Tony mumbled and grabbed his hand. “Sit down with me.”
“You don’t have to do that, Violet. I was gonna do it after I cleaned everything else. Go play if you want.” Tony told her keeping a smile on his face.
When she walked to her second class she sat in the front seat and held her phone close.
“Papa!” Peter screamed and ran to the door to find welcoming arms waiting for him.
Levi stood after Denice sat down and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Levi was the number one child custody lawyers in the country. He paid her extra and flew her out on his jet from Hawaii to come to represent him. “Good morning your honor and thank you for letting us take your time today. Anthony Edward Stark is a great man who gives work to over five million people in our population. He has been heartbroken ever since the twins were ripped out of his home. One of the safest homes I might add. Evidence A shows a video where the twins are being protected by the home’s A.I. Jarvis. The computer zapped the men and safely led the children to the music room's safe room, but was compromised when Loki sent one of his companions into the lab taking Jarvis down.
Luna looked up at him with her grey eyes launching herself up into his arms sobbing her heart out on to his shirt. “D-daddy!”
“I heard a voice in my head telling me to come down here. I just figured it was her. She looks just like she did two years ago, Dad. She’s a bit lighter though.” Looking down at her Peter saw something pinkish through plastic. “H-hey she’s got plastic on her head. I think I see her brain. Ew...”
“Sir, we have an odd problem in the nursery. I do not know how to describe it. Maybe my camera is going bad.” Jarvis told them.
Tony reached over to the side table and grabbed the sedative. “Violet stop.”
“Looks like this won’t be our home forever. Don’t worry though. By the time it’s built you’ll be about ten. We can have you decorate your room then. Daddy loves you so much, Luna. Remember that forever. Okay?”
“They won’t,” Pepper promised and held the girl on the couch. They were listening to Avatar: The Last Airbender. It was better than the news even though that's what she wanted to watch. She decided Luna didn’t need to see them fighting or possibly dying on TV.
She nodded and got up stumbling over her own feet trying to stand in the uneven sand. Coughing she held her hand out. “I-I gotta go…” Luna got the broomstick up without using the command and flew off.
They never let the twins out of there sights since they still lived in the city where they had many enemies. Nick Fury kept trying to call the couple back into the field to help fight. They decided after the twins turn one that at least one of them would go back into the field and the other would stay.
Defeated she nodded and went up to the stairs slowly. Tapping each of the steps until she reached the top. She stood outside the door for a moment then reached her hand out slowly to knock when the door opened.
“Okay… deep breaths. It’s okay. Breathe.” Tony told her and kissed the top of her head.
Everyone separated and went into there own floors following where Friday was telling them to go. Tony had Steve follow him down the stairs. “I have a confession to make Steve.”
When the bomb went off Tony kneeled behind the table. He ran out the door racing for the outside world. As soon as he stepped outside he hit the button on his hand to make the suit fly. The suit only flew him 200 feet away from the cave.
“Pepper, she didn’t want to go to Comic-Con, even though she was jumping out of her skin happy. She said that being blind it would be more like babysitting her. Then she asked us if we were ashamed of her for being our daughter. I don’t know what to do. She was so excited talking about it two months ago that I just figured she would want to go.”
“No. I promised you that we would be together as a whole. I swore on my life.” I told him and smiled. “I will not remember anything after, but just know. I love you.”
Tony took off all of his clothes but boxers. He kept the white button-up shirt to keep over his head. His beard was almost to his chest making his skin itchy.
“Genius. Billionaire. Playboy. Philanthropist. Gay. Superhero. Father. Husband. What about  you?” Tony questioned then the recording stopped.
“I found her two months ago. I was sitting with Peter at his science convention and saw her. She stared at us. Once she noticed I saw her… she ran. I have been tracking her trying to figure out how I was going to talk to her.” Tony told him and began running down faster.
“Tony…” Steve looked around and saw that he was on the floor out cold. “TONY!? We need a medic please!”
Tony picked her up and kissed her head. “Hi, Lu. Meet your family. Papa and I love you. All of our family love you. You’ll meet everyone else later. I promise. I’ll take her and you guys can keep talking about whatever it is you need to do.”
“On the couch, Lady Luna,” Jarvis replied.
After I sent the letter with my owl my body started disappearing. Everything was reversing.
Violet sat on the bed and looked at the wall. “Night…”
“Yes. Make a bomb and I’ll live. Got it. But out of curiosity what would happen after I made the bomb.” Tony told them and started to work.
Steve laid Baby Peter down and went into the elevator dragging Tony behind him. Helen was running out fast and into the lab.
“Don’t you dare.” Steve started but it was too late. The twins went through the portal to the rooftop.
“I know I am,” Steve told her and walked out in his American flag suit.
“Steve! Look at this! It’s a dress with the Avengers on it!” Tony was so happy he was almost jumping up and down out of his skin. Tony went to pick her up to try the dress on her but stopped at the aroma coming from her diaper. “Missy here needs a diaper change. It’s your turn, Stevie. I handled the last one that was all over her and the crib. Why can’t she say anything when she’s done. Peter does.”
Steve walked over and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. “Tony, you will be fine. It’s been six years since they said it began to expand. You had two months and it’s clearly been years. Space couldn’t have done anything to you. At least I don’t think so.”
“Hey, hey.” Tony picked her up and bounced the armless girl. “Let’s get you back to sleep… hmm?”
“You can’t fix everything with magic. I rather not have magic! I liked being normal!”
Everyone was wearing different costumes and it was amazing. The only rule for the gala was to make sure you RSVP and have an original costume idea. No one as to dress up as the same or even come as Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Iron Man, or Captain America. Luna didn’t think she was going to be able to handle it.
“Well, your turning ten in a few days… and we both know how much you like your anime and all the same movies and shows as us…” Tony started
“She was going to break down at some point. She never cried at the funeral or even while by herself in her room. She was bound to break,” Natasha whispered to the guys.
“Yes, sir. My apologies for wasting your time.” Violet walked off the stage holding her breath. When she arrived backstage she kicked the door to the locker room and sat on the bench.
“Sir there is nothing that was spoken of, but at the School of Arts, they are having a talent showcase. That is all day long.” Friday told them.
“Alright… fine.” Tony sighed. “They haven’t come back and Steve hasn’t read any of the letters. What if he regrets marrying me?”
“Will you at least dress up for Disney?” Tony asked knowing she was going to anyway.
“I know it is. But I have a company to run as well. Peter, what if I screw up? I hate this!” Luna yelled and laid her head into her hands. “I’m sorry I yelled.”
“No. Purple.” She whined cranky from the flight where all she did was scream and cry. Tony was happy they were in his private jet or it would have been embarrassing.
When she reached the beach Steve was standing there watching the sunrise fully. Steve was leaning into Bucky while holding his hand. “I have you,” he kept whispering into Steve’s ear.
Luna hugged the doll and curled into Tony’s leg yawning. “Mmm…”
“It’s in our nature.” Tony grinned and closed his eyes. “They have to be okay.”
“They can live here too. I don’t care about anything. If you have kids they can grow up with our daughter. We can make a floor into a homeschool place,” Steve held Tony’s hand. “We will be alright.”
Luna turned to face him. “Thank you for your compliment, Flash. I enjoy getting bad mouthed.”
“There are twenty people in the tower. They shouldn’t be here. Your call what to do Capsicle.”  Tony told him and looked back at him.
“No. I found out you are leaving in two months! Why didn’t you tell me that your part of some secret organization thing?!”
Tony smiled and laid his head back. He knew Steve was going to need someone to take care of him when the arc reactor stopped working. Giving the technology and his math is never wrong that he would be dead in two years time before the tumor could get any bigger.
“Well, I can remove it and put it in a womb-like state cell until it is old enough to be born. Or I can abort it. Whatever you think is right. Steve is up when you're ready to speak to him.” Bruce smiled. “I will stay in the living room until you guys decide.”
“Okay, Papa.” I took his hand letting him lead me to there bedroom.
Luna skipped up to the stage and smiled. “Present!” she yelled before Professor McGonagall got her last name out.
“That’s my line,” Peter told her and pulled her in for a kiss smiling. “You make an adorable Lucy.”
The first pose was with them having hands on their hips. The next one was Peter kissing Violet’s cheek while she blushed bright red. Everyone stopped what they were doing when screams filled the night's air.
“Tony, if she goes then she can be an Avenger someday. With us. She can do school there then come home and do school here.” Bucky suggested.
A screen went down and a video started playing. Tony was on his death bed with IV bags behind him. “Well, Steve your up here in heaven with me. You left all our friends and daughter just like I did. Baby girl be strong for me. You have so much love here with you. I hope it’s at least 2045 when he died. You're married by now so hold that loved one close for me. Don’t let her cry alone…”
She sat up straight and looked towards him. “Sure, Dad. What’s up?”
“I know you will. I know you will make it out alive,” Steve whispered and pulled Tony in for a kiss. Not ending the kiss until they both needed oxygen. “I love you. Never forget that. Understand, my love?”
“Jarvis, I don’t want to celebrate my birthday day anymore,” Tony told Jarvis and paced. “It’s been four and a half years since they left me here. I’m going to be twenty-five and I can’t celebrate without them. There all twenty-six and twenty-seven. I can wait awhile.”
“Sounds great. Feed me.” Tony laid his head back on the seat closing his eyes. Steve went to let go of his hand, but Tony gripped his hand tighter. “Don’t! Don’t let go of my hand. Please, Steve I fucking beg you.”
Tony stayed quiet and rubbed his back. “I have you.”
Luna whispered under her breath, “Decides no one knows about me… or that I’m your daughter. Are you ashamed of me?”
After an hour and a half of shushing and rocking both of the twins were back to sleep leaving Tony and Steve in their room. “I can not believe that the kids have powers. I love it! They are the next generation of the Avengers!”
She walked to the seat and sat down pushing her dress under her legs then crossed her legs in front. “Thank you, Is there any questions I can answer before or would you like me to start with the story?”
After cooking for over an hour and burning two spatulas breakfast was finally ready to serve. “Kids, breakfast! Come on!” Tony yelled and could hear the pitter patter of feet running to the kitchen.
“Yes, sir.” Jarvis' voice came through the walls and it started to play a video on the screen of Peter running around on the roof above the Avengers in the room.
“But-” Peter looked up at his twin and then to the ground.
“Hey, Peter,” Sam smiled and patted him on the shoulder. “You still can’t get the girl?”
Rhodey and Tony got into there suits and began searching up and down the streets of Queens. All Tony could think about was his baby girl being alone in the big world with nothing. Clearly, something had to happen to her when she was staying with that man.
Everyone stayed for the after party telling war and personal stories. The room was decorated in red, white and blue for the flag. Steve would have been very proud of the decorations.
“The access code or override code is needed for Ms. Luna’s protocol,” Jarvis told them.
Violet looked at the table. “Daddy, I want to go on those pills that made me feel funny. I wanna be normal.” She begged him.
“Then make bombs appear!” Peter yelled and went into action with the other superheroes.
“I-I feel silly… ” She whispered from behind her bedroom wall.
“Luna, it’s Bruce. Are you okay?” Bruce whispered and helped her up so she would be sitting up against the couch.
I put on my shoes when we landed leaving my glasses behind on the chair next to mine. We were at the tower. Not a hospital so that was making my nerves a lot better. I ran off the Quinjet before the ramp could fully go down. Happy was waving at me.
“Yes, Miss Violet.”
Tony rolled his eyes and went into the dressing room only to hear sniffling and coughing. When they walked passed the lockers they found her sitting on the floor. “Violet…”
She nodded and sat at the table. “Yes, sir.”
She shook her head. “No, mater, I have to help clean. May I please go to my room after this? I need to clean my room.”
… how were they going to tell her?
I helped Bruce get us out of my father then down to the lab. After Bruce went upstairs to tell Steve, Pops, that everything was done I went over and took DNA samples of each of the eggs. Once I found out which one was me I made the vitals resemble death and took myself out of the lab and into a lab out of the country before Bruce or dad found out I stole myself.
Violet kept her face in Steve’s shoulder gripping the top of his hoodie and sucking on the strings.
Going inside Luna was laid out on the kitchen floor sobbing to the music that blared through the speakers. Bruce walked over and set his hands on top of her shoulder.
With her, in mind, they needed to speak to the team about her. Death being on there mind made them decide what was going to happen to her after there death and they needed to tell everyone what they had decided.
“KID!” Happy yelled from the middle of the hall and that got everyone to move out of the way for them.
- - -  - - - -
The man who stood over six foot looked down at the girl. “Luna? What in the world happened to ya’?”
Sam: “If Tony didn’t come back from the dead to kick your ass then I think you're safe.”
“Draco someone’s coming!” One of the younger Slytherin girls yelled.
Tony fell to his knees and began to tear up. “S-Steve…?” He began to wheeze and grip his tie. “Steve? Is it really you? Please tell me I’m not dreaming again. It isn’t fair. Steve?!”
Steve couldn’t tell if Peter was just hurt or truly didn’t believe. “No. We are just different. And different is okay. Santa has nothing to do with everything happening.”
“I promise,” He whispered and pulled her closer, but she pulled away. “I have you and won’t let go.”
“We tried to work things out. We even tried a polyamorous relationship. It didn’t work.” Steve told them and sighed rubbing his face watching the twins react.
“Correct. We keep everything behind the mask a secret so we don’t harm our families. I mean hey we could know each other outside of this and not even know it.” Peter told them and gripped Violet’s hand tighter.
“Yeah. I do. Can we leave now?” Tony asked and got up walking out of the room pulling Steve out with him.
She nodded and wiped her face off. “I knew your voice from somewhere. That’s why I didn’t have my parents or the rest of the family attack you. You wouldn’t have hurt me. Though you do offend me when you use he, and him. I am a girl. I’m happier as a girl. I might not have picked to be a girl, but do any of us pick to be our gender? It’s chosen in the womb my the sex cells.”
“Will you be joining the Avengers?” Clark asked and all of the reporters whipped there heads and came closer to the twins.
Tony looked hurt but held back his emotions when he spoke. “Why wouldn’t she invite us? We never get to see her play.”
“Well, it’s clear to say that you each want your children safe and home with you. You both are financially stable. I propose that we have you have joint custody. It would be best for the children to slowly come home with you both. I would like to talk to the children first before anything is in effect.” After taking a minute the judge called Peter to the stand. “Peter Rogers-Stark please come up to the stand.”
She grabbed Harry’s broom. “I’ll owl this back to the Weasley’s! Statue of Liberty.”
They all sat on the bus together taking much needed deep breaths. “Well, that got the hormones running,” Tony stated and grinned sitting back while smiling big. “I can not wait for the for us to go away and have whoopie.”
Pepper kneeled and kissed the girl on top of her head while stroking her fingers through her hair. “I will be right behind you. Just go before me. I love you. I will be right behind you. I promise. Cross my heart.”
“Get me some too, please.” She mumbled and rubbed her face.
“Yes,” Tony told her and sat down. “Start with the guy. We all know who the girl is.”
“Not that I know. Friday is there anything needing to be done today or needing our attention?”
The other Avengers went up on the stage and talked about their favorite memories of Tony and Steve together. The army gave Steve an honorable veterans funeral after everyone spoke.
“What about Steven Universe or Avatar the Last Airbender?” Luna asked again getting quieter.
Gilbert took a painful deep breath in and looked up at her putting a hand on her cheek. “I-I’m… okay.” he coughed up blood and looked at her. The blood was pouring out of his eye and previous injury from the fight with Clint.
Luna walked up to the stairs and back to her room where she stood in the doorway. “What’s going on…? A-are you… okay? Did something happen?”
“NO!” Luna screamed so loud that the light bulb above broke. She has been doing it more and more lately ever since the accident at the Avengers world. “Leave it alone! I like to be blind! It’s me! Not you!”
“Just wanted to make sure you were paying attention,” Tony told her and grinned to himself. Having a party in his head. Everything was falling into place.
“Dad! Papa! Look it’s the glass plates of your faces! The stand should be here somewhere,” She giggled and set them both on the island. “So how do you know my parents, Peter?” Luna asked him and smiled pushing her hair back behind her ear. Peter couldn’t stop looking at her. He loved how innocent she was to the world. She clearly understood more than others but pretended not to.
Two men ran off the plane with guns while one man ran in front of them with a big smile on his face. “Son of a bitch. You're still alive.” Sam smiled and went onto his knees pulling Tony close. “Let’s get you home, and next time you want to go on a field-trip let one of us know.”
“Welcome everyone to 2028 Rogers-Stark Industry Expo!” Tony yelled into the microphone standing next to Steve. “As many of you know I have been CEO of my own company for the past two years. Man what a big weight on my shoulders. I know there has been rumors going around this year saying that I am retiring, let’s face it I’m old.”
The video went to black and Tony looked at them. “Does that look like a freak? A monster? No. He just wants to be as happy as himself.” Tony sighed and looked at the crowd. “You all have messed with my words and actions along with everyone else in the Avengers. My daughter is only four years old. She is a sensitive little girl like most others. She saw herself on TV with everyone one in this room calling her a freak!
“We don’t have the time. Natasha has the Quinjet and we have to go right now. You have clothes and a phone at home connected to the one here. Come on,” Bucky told me and we walked off the platform and over to where the Quinjet was landed.
“I won’t tell him.” Bruce swore to her doing a cross on top of where his heart was.
WARNING: VERY NOT NICE WORDS ARE SAID BY HYDRA
The sun was an orange peach rising over the water. Everything was calm and silent in the world. Reporters started coming to the beach to speak about Tony Stark-Rogers death.
I will run a few tests, but I need you to leave the room for the machines so then your heart doesn’t screw with the results.
“Fine Boss, but she is in the building,” Friday told him again. “Do you wish for me to stop her?”
“These two are your twins?!”
All the loud noise was starting to make her senses blur. She couldn’t tell who was who. “Happy?! Pepper? Dad! Papa!” Hands grabbed her shoulder.
“I want your permission to marry Luna. I wish I could ask Tony and Steve, but they're not here. You guys have been raising her since then as a team. I need you to tell me yes or no.”  Peter looked up at the group paralyzed while waiting for there respond.
“How about we fix that right now? As long as your okay with it.” Steve asked him and started kissing Tony up and down his neck.
Kent grinned and got every person from the press to leave along with everyone who wasn’t with S.H.I.E.L.D. He wants this scoop more than anything in the world.
Steve wasn’t the first one to wake up. Peter was sitting on the floor playing with a web he made. “Hehe… I got you fly.” Peter took it out of the web and ate it while grinning.
Peter sat in the middle of the living room with everyone around him, except for the love of his life, Luna. He bounced his foot up and down trying to keep himself composed. “T-thank you for everyone coming to sit with me… I know I need to hurry up, but I need your permission for something. Something huge.”
“Friday? I forgot about you, old girl. How have you been?” Tony told her and pulled up another file on the computer bringing up the heat signature on the cameras.
“Luna!” Peter yelled and smiled. He was dressed like Natsu from Fairy Tail. “You ready to go out? Big two-year anniversary. Well… and the Halloween bash there putting on.”
All of the lights in the tower turned off in the building. Pepper held Luna closer and gripped her hand. “Let’s go down to the safe room? Hmm?”
“I know… I’ve got homework. I can’t skip grades and slack off. I need to be smart like dad. Thank you, everyone.” Peter smiled and walked to the elevator and got on being taken up to the ‘learning floor’.
Once everyone was seated the service began.
When Luna she opened the door to the house and she knew right away something was up. She knew something was up when Uncle Clint and Aunt Natasha took her out to the park. Which was weird since she only sat on the swings and listened to everyone passing. It was one of her favorite things to do decides drawling or watching anime. Everything was clean and she didn’t hear the music coming from the lab overpowering the TV as normal. Or even the sounds of the TV on for a matter of fact. Jarvis said that they were at home. “Hello?”
“They were until you fucked Barnes! You hurt me. No, you hurt all of us. You hurt all three of us. You choose me. You have no right to do anything!” Tony started to cry. “And now you're staying here! In my house!”
“Bring him to the gym,” Tony told him and got out of his suit. “Steve we need to handcuff her as well.”
Steve blushed and looked up at him sheepishly. “Who’s taking the twins?”
“It’s drool. I didn’t change yet since I was helping her change out of her old clothes and she grew a big attitude. She clearly doesn’t like anything without pictures. That’s for sure.” Steve told them and opened the door a bit wider for them to go inside.
“Nice! It’s a nanotech suit. Awesome! When did you make this?”
“Ms. Stark-Rogers,” Flitwick yelled out to me.
Peter shook his head and held his hand out to her. “There are more people inside wanting a picture with us.”
“I know what chair this is. My dad and pops used it on us once they found out we were superheroes.” She smiled at the memory. “In the year 2018, all heroes were summoned by the organization. Everyone got mad about losing their job with S.H.I.E.L.D. and started a riot. Everyone started fighting one another and once things got out of hand so badly someone from the outside started shooting. They shot da-, sorry Tony in the eye and back sending the bullet right through the arc killing him after it hit. Then he shot Steve in the head when he came running over to see Tony. I told Peter to leave with his girlfriend MJ and run. He dropped MJ off at home and got into a fight he wasn’t able to win. Peter lost his arm because I didn’t know how to fight.
Peter leaned in and whispered to her. “You okay? You're never late.”
Bruce helped her to her feet. “We can order pizza and watch a movie. Nat, Clint, and Bucky are joining us. We can cook tomorrow for Happy. I promise.”
“Where did she go?” Steve asked them with his red puffy eyes. He leaned into Bucky slightly trying to keep his balance. Steve knew he needed to be strong in front of his daughter, so he would save the tears for later.
“There’s the love of my life. Get your ass in here!” Tony told him in a drunk manner. Steve clearly didn’t win the ‘when we can drink again age’.
Fury leaned back in his chair rolling his eyes. “He is on a special mission. He should be coming home tomorrow morning. Shouldn’t you be at school?”
“Aunt Pepper I’m scared for dads,” Luna told her shaking. She kept her face buried in Newt’s fur. “I don’t want them to die.” Even though Luna might be twelve, but she has the mental mind of a ten-year-old. She is smarter than anyone when she puts her mind to it.
“Really, why did you need to say that out loud?” Steve rolled his eyes and laid his hand on Tony’s knee cap. “We leave tomorrow morning to whatever place you planned on taking us...”
“Hey! Wait the hell up!” Peter yelled running after her.
I hate it. I rather die than be there, but for you... it's a different story. “It’s fine… I’m kind of glad you didn’t want to come to the parents week thing. You didn’t need to see any of that. I’m coming home for Christmas than graduating. I have been taking ten classes and passing them after four weeks. By Christmas, I will have finished everything. I am moving home and go to school here. To be home with you both.”
Beep…
I paced my little room having my sleeping bag out on the floor for me to sleep in. My parents can have my bed. I just want them close to me. It’ll be nice to have the normal safe feeling again. To hold me and tell me it’s okay for missing them every second I’m not in America with them. Pacing as I watched each second tick pass.
Going into Babies ‘R’ Us made Tony feel like he was in heaven. He was picking things out left and right for the twins. Steve smiled watching him going back and forth taking Peter after Tony started holding a ton of things in his arms. He had at least six outfits for each of the twins.
Reaching over to grab the glass of water next to him, but ended up dropping the glass onto the floor spilling the water everywhere. The glass shattered into a million pieces on the floor. The man watching him turned around and grinned. “Your mechanical heart really does work. Amazing.”
“I call Saka!” Tony yelled and ran to his laptop on the counter going to find their costumes. “I’m gonna get a boomerang!”
“With a little training, it can be yours. If you want to join the Avengers someday.” Tony grinned and pat his head.
“Get agent Romanoff down here NOW,” Nick spoke into his com.
“You gonna be sick?” Steve asked and sat her up in his arms.
Steve woke up on a bed softer than the one Tony and he owned. He felt like he could lay there for weeks. Sitting up slowly he noticed he was in their room, but something was different. The painting of them is still up above the bed. He broke it down with his upsetting fit about Tony dying.
“Where’s Harry?” Ron asked the adults standing around.
Steve was never going to be with him again. Every kiss could be there last. The last time they had sex it could be there last. The last time he said I love you could be it’s last. He never wanted cancer to get this far. Tony knew he wanted to give Luna to Steve before he died so then he knew that Steve was taken care of. It pained him more than anything in the world.
“No! It’s my fault. It’s all my fault the serum did this. Putting false hope into our hearts.” Steve mumbled and cried.
Tony and Steve covered the twins and some of the other heroes. When the bombs all went off the monsters lit up like a Christmas tree. The blast from inside took each of them down, but not the portal. “Cap what do we do about the big wormhole thing?” Peter asked grinning. He loved calling his parents their superhero names.
Fighting crime and saving the world isn’t a normal honeymoon, but for Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, it was given. It’s been three days since they had gotten married, but saving the world from Ultron. It was a good thing that everyone was attending the wedding because they couldn't do fight this demon on their own.
“Yes, sir. I wasn’t allowed to say anything until I lived here for two months. That’s what she said. She didn’t want me to see the future or disturb it in any way. But I know everything before, after. I can tell you everything you want to know since she is me. Be ready tonight. I would gather everyone… she will help.”
I ran down the stairs passing everyone trying to walk down the stairs. I ran pass Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick outside to the train platform where parents were getting off the train to come inside. Other kids were already outside meeting there parents.
“Your boyfriend will tell us soon. He brought Helen Cho in so clearly it’s not good.” Tony complained and took two of the blue pills.
“What sex change surgery?” Peter asked quietly.
“I’m glad to have you back while your here. Everyone has been missing your happy smile and mood since you left. I know I have,” Tony whispered into her ear.
Tony sat in the MRI machine keeping as still as he could. He hated this part more than life. Tony has never been able to stay still for more than two seconds of his life. That’s one of the main reasons he can’t sleep. Staying still kills his soul every second he’s still.
“Yes. Flash said if we don’t see Santa that you would die. Cause you're like millions of years old.” Peter cried. “I don’t want you to die.”
DON'T LIKE DON'T READ
Violet got up and ran down the stairs shaking not wanting to get in trouble. Steve followed her and pointed to the chair. “You are going to sit and eat with us. Understand?”
“I can’t trust you. I just met you and don’t know if I can trust you.” Peter told him and bit his lip. “D- Cap what do you think?”
The crowd roared in cheers and excitement.
It was seven years later when Stark-Rogers Industries building was finished. Each member of the team lived on a floor with their families. Life was enjoyable. They were all getting ready for the twelfth birthday of the youngest family member. Luna is full of life and enjoys having fun with everyone in the tower.
“Daddy… Papa makes them go away like Vi did, please!” Peter wined and curled into his daddy’s leg.
“I finished them last night. I figured I would wait for Tony to put them on.” Bruce grabbed the box and took both arms out and a small EEG headband. “We need to make the headband bigger as she grows up, but the arms extend depending on how tall she is. It will grow overnight with her. Come here, Vi.”
After a few moments of silence the door opened. “Fine.” Violet opened the door.
“Decides that all of your actions were justified. We will be sending you home, now. Violet and Peter be ready to train when school is over next week for summer break.” Fury stood up. “You may stay the night here in your rooms.”
“No. I live there so then I know my worth. I gave up my salary to help pay the debt were in from S.H.I.E.L.D.” She looked up at him. “I have paid for frozen food and the apartment for the next year while I’m not getting paid. I got rid of my assistant while I was at it. Gave her to Peter since MJ wouldn’t take the title. Dad, Papa goodnight please.”
