"OK, fine," he said and yawned a little, deciding not to fight the exhaustion as much now that he and Steve were back to having their 'alone' time. "But only because you asked nicely."
"This whole thing — this Winter Soldier thing — that's all on me. It's 'cause I didn't save him. I didn't pull him back in time."
Barnes rolled his eyes and muttered, "Drama queen," which got him nothing in retaliation from Wilson...which meant he was just filing away the insult to use for ammunition for another day.
"Wait," Bucky said and turned to Sam. "You mean the tall, hot redhead and the uptight guy that follows her around?"
Steve paused his movements and blinked at that. "Uh..." he said rather eloquently, but Tony just slapped at his shoulder and said, "No, forget it. Forget I said anything. Just fuck me, Steve."
Steve hedged then said, "I think he's got the rest of them convinced it's a girl. Buck just asked me before if we had a girl's name picked out just in case. I know that look he had on his face, too. That look he gets when he thinks I'm wrong but he knows I'm still going full-steam-ahead with something anyway."
JARVIS took him up to the penthouse, and he stepped off into the quiet, and he looked around a moment then said, "J?"
"Good," Steve said and brought the hand up to his lips to kiss it. "Now, finish your breakfast," he said and motioned to the food in front of him. "It's getting cold."
They dove into their plates, silent as they ate, and Steve only now realized just how hungry he'd actually been. It was greasy diner food at one o'clock in the morning, but it may just have been the absolute best meal he'd ever eaten. The eggs were just the right kind of fluffy, the bacon was crispy, the sausage had the right snap to it, the hash browns had just a hint of onion to them, the pancakes were like biting into a cloud, and the toast was…well…toast. But it was good toast.
As the door glided closed behind Barnes's departing figure, Tony exhaled a breath then went over to the table. It was cold and clinical and wasn't really made for this sort of medical work, but it would have to do if their own medical bay was taken up by hospital patients. If it came to it, he supposed he could just…do what he needed to do upstairs in the bed. If he was reading the material correctly, it would probably be a bit messy, and he'd have to burn the mattress and sheets and get new ones. A small sacrifice to pay, sure, but he doubted Steve was very attached to that mattress.
The cab driver couldn't be bothered. The people on the street couldn't be bothered. The people in the office lobby as they waited for the elevator couldn't be bothered. The only thing anyone asked when they were crowded into the elevator together was if Steve would hit the button for a given floor. By the time they got to the floor, Tony didn't know if he was relived or insulted by it. Nobody had paid attention. Nobody had cared. Nobody had ambushed them.
Steve sighed out a breath, but there was no anger or annoyance behind it, only amusement. "Somehow, I don't think that's a comparison we want to draw, but if it makes you happy, OK. You can be Aphrodite, and I'll be Adonis."
Then again, all Steve had done was gone on some daytime talk show relatively unannounced to out himself to the public, and that had all but stopped the world on its axis.
"Nothing," Tony said with a quick shake of his head. "All right!" He clapped his hands together. "What do you say we start opening some presents?"
Tony just nodded, but as Steve reached out to help him up from where he sat, dogged determination drawn over his face, Tony could only think of one thing.
" under his breath, his shoulders slumping just the slightest in what looked like the early stages of defeat.
vanilla, but Tony was, too. Maybe more than he was. Steve was always the one to have brought up the more adventurous bedroom routines, not Tony. Tony went along with them, and Tony usually ended up liking them, but Steve was the one that would bring them up, that would assure Tony that it would be OK and they would enjoy it and that Tony could say 'no' whenever he wanted to.
Steve shot him a questioning look, but Tony waved him off and kept his attention on the little girl. He asked her again if she wanted to share her treat with Steve, and when she nodded, Tony cocked his head at him and said, "You don't want to disappoint her, do you?"
"Papa!" she cried and took off down the steps, Bruce a few steps behind her. Jeez, she was fast! "Papa!"
"Yeah. And that's not gonna happen. You get pregnant with any more of my children, it's going to be because we've talked it out and discussed it and decided that we want to expand our family. You're not just going to be a womb to grow more super soldiers in."
OK, so it wasn't exactly an insult. Maybe it was sort of intended as one, but it was kind of hard to argue with the truth.
"You've only been out twenty minutes — and I'm rounding up on that. You should have been out…a lot longer than that."
"Yes, it does! I wanna watch the 'vengers! I wanna watch th' episode where you 'n' Daddy pretend t' be the bad guys."
Steve glanced back at Tony once again, a wry little smile on his face. "Why does it bother you so much? You don't know them, and this picture was taken almost fifty years ago."
Tony scoffed. "They already know my general feelings on them," he said dismissively. "But to get back to what I was saying, do I consider
He did as ordered, sucking, hollowing his cheeks, rubbing his tongue against the underside of Steve's cock, against the thick vein that was there, his eyes never leaving Steve's, not even those moments that Steve got a little ahead of himself and pushed a little too hard and a little too deep, not even as tears sprang to his eyes as he attempted to stifle his gag reflex — not until his body became too lulled by the rhythm, by his own sucking and Steve's gentle thrusts that he let his eyes fall closed and lost himself in the feeling and motion, something so comfortable and familiar and
But lying to himself was much, much tougher. He wouldn't say he was dwelling on thoughts of her, but he did think about her. He'd even kept one of the pictures she'd drawn — the one that was supposed to be of the two of them cuddling on the couch and watching that Avengers cartoon she was seemingly obsessed with. He'd burned all the others, unable to accept that they'd ever even existed; but this one… This one he kept, tucked safely into his desk, a reminder of a moment when he hadn't been just a one-time Merchant of Death trying to repent his sins but a dad that was loved and adored and wrapped around the pinky finger of a precocious little girl that he knew would one day have the entire world at her feet.
He knew there were not enough apologies in the world to make up for the hurt he had caused Tony, and nothing he could say or do could ever take that away, and so he said the only thing he could possibly say, the only thing that made sense to him at that moment.
Never," he said with a dismissive wave of his hand, but there was a cocky little smile on his lips, and so Tony knew Steve was trying to get him away so he wouldn't spend the next several minutes whining about how hungry he was.
"All right," he said and shimmied them down some. "But just remember, no matter what you see, I am spoken for and by a very possessive super soldier at that. He doesn't share."
Steve swallowed his nerves. He'd had to do it on occasion when Tony was being stubborn and was too busy 'sciencing' to eat, but Steve didn't want to think that anyone else had done it for him. It seemed too intimate a gesture.
Pepper closed her mouth and nodded. He didn't expect her to quite understand that — Iron Man had been a point of contention in their relationship from the time it had started until the moment it had ended — but thankfully she didn't say anything to it and just seemingly nodded her understanding to Tony's quandary.
But Darcy was not deterred, and she patted his arm and said, "I'm sorry, honey. Part-timers don't get to make that decision."
Tony glanced back at Steve. "That's as ringing an endorsement as you're ever going to get from him."
Tony rolled his eyes and groaned, but Bruce jumped up from his chair and said, "I'll handle this." Tony turned back to the kid.
"Yeah?" he said and, he and Steve each holding the plate, he broke off a small piece of the slice with his fingers and added, "What makes you think we'll be socializing with any of you losers in fifty years? Sugar bear doesn't count." He nodded at Rhodey. "He's never getting rid of me."
"Touché," Tony murmured in reply, then shook his head and stared at Steve, resolute, "Look, I could sit here all day and cry my eyes out about it, but what good is that going to do me? And trust me. I could
Well, this fellow seemed to be familiar with Steve even if Steve was clueless to his identity. He gave a brief smile and said, "Uh, no," then said with much more confidence in his voice, "Merry Christmas." Any thought that perhaps he'd found himself inhabiting someone else's body — it wouldn't be the strangest thing to happen to him, after all — was laid to rest when he realized that was certainly his voice rumbling in his throat.
— before he handed it over to his wife. "Sure, yeah," he said and smiled at Tony. "My dad's an accountant. He'll know what to do."
"Nobody asked your opinion, Katniss," Tony said with a moody pout and folded arms, and Barton looked to the rest of the group.
cut off his balls, I would have rethought the whole thing and come to realize, yes, I would like his dick inside me again." He paused a moment then added, "And the whole 'mutilating my spouse' is kind of…
, and in many cases, you can continue to have sex right up until the baby is born, so long as there aren't any complications. Have you noticed any complications? Any irregular bleeding? Any pain?"
He filled in 'his' name and social security number and date of birth at the top then looked down to the next line and saw 'primary care physician.' Again, he itched to write 'Bruce Banner' but instead stuck with 'N/A.' Again, the bullshit with the pharmacy, and then—
"Steve Edwards," Other Tony replied without missing a beat. "He was a teacher. Montclair High School. That's where my mom and her sister grew up. I don't know how he got the photos. Like I said, I wasn't there."
"Uh, yeah," Barton said, sounding just a shade unsure about what he was saying. "I fix up…old houses."
He awoke the next morning, his shirt front completely soaked through. At first, he wasn't sure what it was and, with Steve snoring beside him, he reached out and grabbed his tablet and quickly Googled the issue before coming to find, like the slight leaking issue he'd had towards the end of the pregnancy, it was par for the course. He then read a little further, coming upon words like 'engorgement' and 'mastitis,' and he set the tablet back down and again wondered why something that was supposedly so 'natural' would have so many complications from it. Either Mother Nature was a stone-cold bitch or she was as naïve as Esmeralda and thought this was what people
Tony chewed and swallowed. "Not exactly, but close enough. Look, if you don't believe me, ask him. He'll tell you he's totally fine with it."
He grimaced and looked from the doctor and then to Steve and back again, and he knowing he wasn't going to get out of answering the question — god knows he'd tried — he averted his gaze and muttered, "I try not to think about it."
Tony watched him make his way over to the elevator, and not until Steve was on it and the doors were closed behind him did he exhale the breath he'd been holding and lean over the worktable, head in his hands.
Tony gave him a flat look. "Your own or that stash of petty cash that's only supposed to be for emergencies?"
," he said again, and Tony looked between Steve and Bruce a few times before he said, "Look, I don't think either one of you
"Mmm… Yeah, you will," he murmured and went into the adjoining bathroom. He closed the door behind him and thought about turning the lock but then decided against it. He did actually brush his teeth because, gross, both the sub and the orange juice, and then he stood there a moment and grinned as he plotted out his little masquerade.
"Earth's Mightiest Heroes. We protect people, take out the bad guys— You know, the usual superhero stuff."
"Wait, you're going to be 'Tony Rogers' and he's going to be 'Steve Stark'?" Rhodey asked, and Tony groaned and rolled his eyes.
wasn't made for this sort of thing and lay back against the pile of pillows that hadn't been there the last time he'd lain upon the table. Bruce was decked out in something that looked almost like a disposable hazmat suit, and were he in a better place, he would have teased the hell out of him for it. As it was, he just lay there, and Bruce told him to pull his legs up, but it was difficult getting traction on his own, and so Natasha was enlisted to aid him once again.
"Good woman," one of them greeted, and she finally looked up at them, her mouth formed into a small purse while flashes of red lightning danced in her eyes.
covered in grease smudges and faded band shirts, all messy-haired with dogged determination, bending the laws of nature to his will, demanding that science meet his needs. He saw a mad, impossible boy wanting to step out from under his father's shadow, wanting to break free of the world he was expected to seamlessly and silently slip into, a dreamer with visions of a better, safer, more prosperous world. Not 'Tony Stark,' just 'Tony.'
He stood there and considered the pros and cons to being the Felix Unger to Steve's Oscar Madison then came to the odd conclusion that if that show had been on the air today that there would be entire fandoms sprung up around Felix and Oscar as a couple. Eh, he supposed people had shipped weirder pairings.
I can have you charged with. State law. Federal law. International law. Intergalactic law. I don't care."
"Atrocious," he muttered to himself and didn't know if he meant Barton's spelling, grammar, or insistence that he was right that the little acrobat thumping against his insides was a girl.
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes, pulling his hands away from Pepper's grasp. "Are you kidding me? How? Why?"
He set her down on her changing table, and luckily, her eyes were drooping no matter how much she fought it.
"Merry Christmas, baby girl. I see Iron Cap is still in one piece," he said as he lifted her from her crib, the stuffed toy clutched tight in her left arm. Steve peered closer and saw it looked to be two separate toys somehow joined by their…arms? Hands? Were they supposed to be people or weird Disney-like creatures? One did bear a slight resemblance to what a toy Captain America might look like. Well, if he'd been drawn by Walt Disney, anyway.
Take me down to the hilt, make me take all of you. Because I want it, and you know I want it. And I need it. Because you need to show me. You need me to beg. I'd have to come on your cock. I touch my own, I won't be able to come at all. You'll take it away from me. Come on your cock, or don't come at—
Steve watched as frustration shaded Tony's face — or what he thought was Tony's face. Steve honestly couldn't fault JARVIS for hesitating to comply with Tony's order. Tony...didn't exactly look like himself at the moment. He didn't look any shorter than Steve knew him to be, but his...shape was off: his hair too long, his face too soft—
He found a dressing room, and he was about to step into the dress to try it on when the door opened and Natasha barged right in without even bothering to knock, evidently not caring that Tony was standing there in his underwear. She held a white satin and lace bustier out to him and said, "Here, try this on under it."
"Guess I'm out of a bed for the night," Rhodey said as he stood beside him, and Tony nodded toward the stairs and said, "Take mine."
"Mmm… If you wanted to pour me a gigantic cup of that black liquid god you've got brewed in the pot over there, I will do anything you want."
But Steve was not about to back down, and meeting Tony sharp-gaze-for-sharp-gaze, he nodded ever so slightly and said, "Yeah, I was. Once."
"I have blessed them!" she cried, motioning to Tony and Steve. "They are bonded souls. They possess one of the strongest bonds I have ever made acquaintance with, and every bonded pair wishes to create life from their bond. I have allowed them that. In that womb beats the heart of new life!"
Tony frowned and tilted his head at Steve, but Esmeralda said, "Oh, you never know. Maybe not right at this moment, but it could come in handy again at some point."
He hummed a little and stared at the container, but then he noticed a bottle of Hershey's syrup on the door, and he grabbed that and the milk and closed the door.
," Steve muttered like it offended him to even hear the word associated with her. But Tony groaned and said, "She's not making a return trip, is she?"
place he'd owned or rented in the last five years. It was too…small…and rustic. Barren and staid and kinda ugly, to be honest. Not something he would have designed for himself. Where in the hell was he?
"Yeah, you should be," Tony said in spite then blinked and frowned, his tone much more curious as he asked, "Wait, for what?"
But Tony hummed and went up on his toes and pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek and said. "Later. Shower now," and left the kitchen to go back upstairs, Steve's disappointed-sounding sigh bidding him his only adieu.
" JARVIS informed him after several long minutes, and he breathed a sigh of relief. Good. He could plop her in front of the TV and let her melt some brain cells there.
Bruce continued to ply Barton with actual, genuine questions about his supposed house-flipping, but Tony became distracted once Steve sighed a little in what sounded like relief and said "He's right. I mean, I think he's right," then turned to Tony. "You feel OK otherwise, right?"
"I'm not saying that because I feel bad for myself. I'm just stating facts. Pep and I will weather this. No biggie. Now, go have fun on your date. Try not to get married while you're at it."
Oo-kay, maybe best to lay off those thoughts for a little while, he decided as he pulled out of Tony, his dick slipping out with a decidedly vulgar squelch. He could feel renewed interest stirring within him, and given the absolute...pounding...he'd just given Tony — oh, god, he hadn't hurt him, had he? — maybe it was best to take a break and give Tony some time to relax before he did anything like that again.
Tony just looked over at his best and oldest friend, Hill biting her lips and trying to hide her amusement in the periphery, but Rhodey just shrugged and said, "It's true."
Steve cut across Midtown to take the West Side Highway uptown, and Tony settled in and tried to relax as he left the driving up to Steve. He began to fiddle with the radio, an attempt to find something they both could enjoy, which was easier said than done as Tony was more of a Black Sabbath-AC/DC kind of guy and Steve…was not. He could still see the look of forced pleasure on Steve's face when he'd tried to introduce him to Led Zeppelin not long after they'd started dating. 'Stairway to Heaven' had not impressed him nor had 'Kashmir,' but 'The Rain Song' hadn't gone over
Steve still didn't say anything, preferring to take in the sight before him, and Tony moved over and straddled his waist, grinding his hips against Steve's and draping his arms gently over Steve's shoulders. Through the flimsy fabric, Tony could feel the hot, thick, hardness of Steve's shaft between them, and he canted his hips ever so gently to brush against it, watching as Steve swallowed yet again and closed his eyes. It wasn't quite the same without his own cock between them, and he kind of missed that sensation, but he had to work with what he had, and judging by Steve's face, it was working at the moment.
"People change," Tony said with a shrug. "And clearly our great paragon of virtue and liberty isn't even the same person he was once upon a time."
"Would you now?" Tony said, his voice husky, and Steve glanced up and saw that his pupils had been blown wide.
"Old-fashioned is the custom now. Is that your pick for a totally-not-Maria name?" Barton said, halfway to shoving a forkful of eggs into his mouth.
The doors closed, and Bruce said, "Tony, listen to me. Things are a little crazy right now. I can't promise Denise is even going to be able to get to you—"
to have this clump of cells growing within him. But he hadn't. He'd been forced into it (he'd heard Steve use the term 'shanghaied,' which he was pretty sure wasn't very politically correct anymore, but he'd been saying it to Thor, who wouldn't have caught on to that) and given no choice but to see it through until it came to its inevitable end. Pepper was totally right in that this should have been something he'd
She just shifted onto her side, facing away from him, and he left the room and closed the door behind him, and he went to go back downstairs where Bruce unquestionably still sat, but he thought about Olivia's previous-day indignation, and he instead went the other way toward the room that he'd been in maybe once, the one Pepper had had every intention of turning into an office.
Dropping to one knee beside the seemingly unconscious figure, Steve stole a quick glance up at the creature that had done this — an ethereally beautiful woman with eyes the color of polished emeralds — and he opened his mouth to demand to know what she'd just done, but she merely smiled and disappeared in a flash of amber and lavender light, a cloud of smoke remaining in her wake.
Steve — beautiful, beat-up Steve — sat there on their bed, hair still wet from what he took to be a recent shower and dressed in nothing but a tight white T-shirt and gray boxer-briefs. He watched as that beautiful, beautiful man grimaced a little and took a breath and said, "Yeah, that…" then rubbed the back of his neck. "Tell you the truth, I didn't even know I was supposed to be dead."
"I know," Steve said and leaned down to kiss Tony. After he'd broken the kiss, he added, "I'd just feel better if Bruce was here with you. Humor me, please?"
"What's 'no fair'?" Steve asked but didn't let up on the tickles, moving down Tony's leg and grabbing his ankle to tickle the bottom of his foot.
Tony glanced back and made a motion as though to ask if Rhodey wanted to answer that question himself, but Rhodey put a hand up and shook his head slightly as though to reply no, he was totally cool with Tony answering for him.
Steve nodded, and Tony smiled at him somewhat bemusedly and said, "You know, for a guy from the forties, you're surprisingly accepting of this whole thing."
— it was actually kind of sweet and beautiful in its own way — and true to Steve's hand, it was very well done, but…yeah, considering what Tony looked like now, this was a bit…well…
Figuring that was good enough, and checking his watch to make certain he wasn't running short on time, he clicked the 'play' button and waited for the video to begin.
, don't ask. Not unless you want a rundown of how much the Dodgers suck for doing the smart thing and leaving Brooklyn in 1652 or whenever the hell it was."
Steve bit back a 'Tony, be careful' because he knew it would be wholly unwelcome, and he instead just twitched at the sound of another
Wilson and Thor made themselves useful by bringing up the formal dining table from the communal floor and setting it up near to the plate glass floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the vista of southern Manhattan and vicinity, setting up the chairs and then arguing over the proper etiquette for place settings because American customs for how to set a table didn't quite mesh with Asgardian customs. Rhodey just stood by and watched, drink of some kind in hand, then said it wasn't his deal and wiped his hands of the whole exchange when they turned to him to settle the dispute. Hill went about mixing up a punch in the large bowl she'd brought — non- alcoholic, of course, she assured Tony and Steve when Steve eyed her concoction a little too warily — and when the food was cooked and the table was set (according to a mix of customs) and the punch was ready, they all sat down to a large and raucous family-style dinner replete with humorous toasts and embarrassing stories.
Pepper blinked and nodded. "OK. OK, honey, we'll — we'll get him." She turned to the front and said, "Happy, drive. Tower, now."
" he said, choked, because oh, god. Oh, god, what if— What if something happened? What if something was happening? What if he was having a miscarriage right then and there? Oh, god, what if that nutcase was
Thor nodded again, and Tony sputtered out a few non-words, glancing between Thor and Bruce, before he said, "What? What the hell was the point? And how does that even work? Wouldn't it make more sense to reverse if nothing had happened but not reverse at all if something did?"
Unfortunately, Steve wasn't watching precisely where he was going — his blood-flow being concentrated in other areas at the moment — and he kicked the ottoman, yelling out an undignified, "
"Wait, let me get this straight." He pointed to Tony. "He gets to stuff his face with gelato while I have to look for Baron von Evil-Doer—"
She nodded and produced another bottle of water from…somewhere. Had she been holding it the whole time?
Steve reached over him and flushed the toilet, and he gently pulled Tony back to his feet. "You OK?" he asked as he checked him over.
“If I fuck you on command, it completely defeats the purpose of what I’m trying to do here. You’re an Avenger whether you like it or not. You have to learn to behave like you’re part of a team.”
Oh, god, they didn't have some sort of 'daddy kink' in that other world, did they? Not that there was anything wrong with that. The Cap was technically older than he was, even if he looked older than the Cap, and the Cap was taller than he was and more muscled and...
"Yeah, and if I know the Cap like I think I know him, he's going to blame himself for this," Barton said.
"Or what?" Other Tony asked. "If you're looking for a conspiracy, there isn't one. I don't know how he got the photos, and I'm not sure what makes you think I'm being anything less than on-the-level with you."
Steve stole a sideways glance at him. "Are you trying to tell me Santa and the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy are real?"
"Who?" Bruce asked, but Tony said, "Uh, J, run a scan on our guest. Make sure she's at least human."
Wilson just rolled his eyes and shook his head, a small 'I can't believe I have to listen to this' smile on his face.
He had a dream that night that he was planting flowers in front of a tombstone. It was warm out, sunny — he got a sense of it being late-afternoon. For whatever reason, the name was partially obscured on the stone, Steve only being able to read Anthony Edward and nothing beyond that. The dates were also a bit fuzzy as well, his eye only able to make out the months. A woman with dark hair came up beside him and crouched down to his level just as he'd finished patting down the soil and pouring a little water over the flowers, asking him "Almost done there, soldier?" and after complementing him on the flowers added, "I know he'll appreciate them."
"Santa," Tony said and took another bite of his bagel, completely unbothered by the remnants of Olivia's slobber on it.
"There's a life in here, Steve, an actual living, breathing — well, maybe not yet, technically — but an actual living
"Oh, 'Roger Stevens,' I see." She flashed Steve a knowing smile then turned back to the tablet. She laughed a little and said, "Well, I guess that's a fitting birth date, and— oh! Team…captain."
Tony reached out and put a hand to Steve's face. "Look, I love you. You know I love you. I'm just—" He clammed up and shook his head. "Forget I said anything."
Natasha just nipped at the skin on the top of his breast, pulling a slight yelp out of him, and she hummed a little and moved her lips to the middle of his breastbone and said, "I just want people to know who you belong to." She sat back upright and put her arms over Tony's shoulders and clasped her hands behind his neck and added, "I don't like people trying to take my stuff away from me."
She considered the IDs again, looked at Tony, looked back at the IDs, then looked at Tony one more time.
Tony grinned and kissed the tip of his nose. "Sure thing, babe," he said then slid back off of Steve and onto his side of the bed, and he picked at the platter a little more before he yawned and said, "Ugh, OK, now I'm tired again."
"Yeah, well," he said and moved over to the tree to begin sorting through the presents, "that's what you do. You drink coffee and eat cookies and open presents with your family and friends."
But thankfully Tony had already done half the work for him, as he sat cuddled up against Steve's side, and Steve was easily able to curl his arm around him, casual-like, more that he was using Tony as an arm-rest than actually trying to cuddle with him. But Tony's head was on his shoulder, and all Steve had to do was turn his head just so to brush his cheek against the top of Tony's head.
Steve sighed out another breath. "I think that's the chance we have to take. We've come this far. We owe it to everyone — including you. It just means we now have to be…extremely careful how we tread."
Steve just shook his head a little, and he reached down and held Tony's face in his hands. "Be good. Get actual work done." He then nodded his head in Barnes's direction and said, "He's playing it off, but the arm's really bothering him." And then, his eyes went a little soft and concerned. "You can… You can help, right?"
Tony threw an arm out to catch himself, accidentally knocking over a table lamp in the process, and while Steve sat up and rubbed his elbow where he'd hit it against the floor, and Tony frowned at the broken lamp that now sat in pieces on the floor, the others looked over from where they still sat at the table. There was a moment of silence where you could probably hear a pin drop if someone was stupid enough to try it before Barton said a sing-song, "Whatcha doing?"
"Yes, you got married after the war. That's all I can say about it. You just have to trust me on that. Anything more, and we get into 'City on the Edge of Forever' territory. We need to stick with Doc Brown 'What the hell?' at the end of
"Assuming this isn't all a big joke, what does this say for the relative safety of the world when aliens from other worlds can just come here and perform sex-transformations on us?"
He smiled at them, tight, like a slimy snake not to be trusted. "Not a thing. Just wanted to say 'hello' and hope there's no hard feelings—"
Tony arched an eyebrow. "So, what, you just assumed I should be the one to stay home? Why? 'Cause I'm the one that got knocked up—"
"Come on, Tony," Steve heard an unfamiliar female voice say, which he took to be Pepper's, and Tony whined a little before Pepper added, "You can play with your friends later. You said you would help me with this."
"Come on, lily pad," he said and nudged her. "You're staying down here with me, you're going to at least sleep on something that could be construed as proper sleeping apparatus."
"Then why hasn't he been seen in months? And why has the Captain taken up with Natasha Carbonell?" the woman asked as Happy opened the back door, and he and Pepper worked at getting Tony into the car before he could say anything more. "Is she a surrogate for them?"
Tony just glared at her over his glass as he downed the amber-colored beverage, but Olivia ignored his rather blatant seething anger and went to reach for his hand.
He motioned to Barton, who was sitting there looking contemplative — or as much as someone with a murder face could look contemplative — and said, "Think I could get the ball rolling on 'Superhusbands'? Like 'superhero' but with
" he cried, though she hadn't taken a step toward him. "I'm not…" He made a face and motioned to his breasts. "I'm not still going to have these, right? Everything is going back to the way it was. I mean,
and before Tony could say anything, she scrambled off his lap and out of the kitchen toward where the bellow had come from.
saying I don't love you," Tony said and put a placating hand out to him. "I'm just saying that you can seem kind of…cranky or salty or self-righteous or too serious for your own good."
But there was a part of him that throbbed deep down that wanted desperately for Steve to do this, to take him, to call him 'Antonia' and tell him 'good girl' and treat him like the queen, the goddess, that he was starting to see himself as. He'd always felt Steve was holding back with him — since he'd turned into this, anyway — and he wanted to know… He wanted to know what it would be like, what it would feel like, for Steve to take him, to give him everything, to treat him not as a man that was trapped indefinitely in a woman's body but as a person in possession of a female body.
"Oh, don't worry," she said, smiling, giddy like she was thrilled even just to be in the same room, "I know who this is." She stuck out her hand to Tony and said, "It's so nice to meet you. I've heard so much— I mean, I've read so much about, uh…"
"Look, I know I promised you the specs for the projects, but I kind of fell a little behind with them," he said as he went over to the elevator and hit the button. The doors opened immediately, and Tony stepped on, barefoot, and Pepper followed. As the doors closed, he glanced down at himself, and he burst out laughing, much to Pepper's confusion.
"Yeah," Tony said with a bit of a sigh. "I guess I am. Like I said, it's not like I have any insecurities about this at all, so please, let's continue talking about it."
Steve just gave him one of those half-amused, half-'you're an idiot' smirks, glancing up at him from beneath his eyelashes before he pushed himself to his feet and began to open the box.
Steve's dopey smile was contagious, and Tony found he couldn't help but return it in kind, even as the elevator finally opened its doors, and Steve took him gently and ushered him onto the elevator, Barton, Thor, and the Iron Man armor crowding in with them.
had shown up in the middle of a firefight in Washington, and Steve had all but blown a fuse, and suddenly thereafter, it became all about Steve trying to track his old buddy down. It was his obsession, along with rooting out Hydra. It was all he could think about, and Tony…
your fault. Don't you get it? It's all me! It's all on me! I'm the one that jumped to a conclusion without talking to you! I'm the one that screwed up!"
He knew this was a trick or a trap of some kind, but he couldn't figure out what its purpose was. To stall him? Delay him? Occupy him? Confuse him? Humiliate him? It was a detailed ruse, he'd give them that. They'd sure as hell gone to a lot of work to perpetuate it, and
Tony sighed out a heavy breath. "OK, we've gone over this, so I think you're just at the point of fishing for compliments now. I love you. Of course I care. Barnes would probably care more. I never rooted for the Brooklyn Dodgers. I couldn't. They ceased to be from Brooklyn a dozen years before I was even born. Barnes remembers being there at Dodger Stadium with you."
"You know what?" Tony said and scratched at his oddly-groomed facial hair. "How 'bout I just say it's a
when Steve's doing things to you— I'm never going to be able to unhear that, though, actually, part of me's kind of proud that he knows how to do that."
Bucky was playing innocent when Steve got back the security desk, so Steve sat back down and decided to let sleeping dogs lie. They sat in quiet for a moment before Bucky said, almost like it was an afterthought, "By the way, while you were jerking off in the john, your boy left."
"Well, clearly something happened that made this guy write article after article questioning the heroism of Captain America and whether or not he's really a 'hero' in the first place."
"Hmph, whatever," he said and picked up the glass. He swirled it, sniffed it, then took a sip of it, his tongue picking up the distinct sweet flavor of—
"Because I gave him the idea," Barnes said and Wilson scoffed like this was the most insulting thing he'd ever heard.
there between them — but with Olivia, that 'getting along' seemed only to grow in exponential ways. They had previously been able to communicate through shared looks, but now they seemed to be able to do it with blind touch as well. They instinctively knew what the other one needed or wanted at any one time. For a moment, Tony thought maybe it had something to do with their bond until he realized how fucking stupid that was. Just because Esmeralda had thought they were bonded didn't mean they actually
Steve hesitated only a second before he took hold of Tony's hands that were holding the sub and brought it up to his mouth. He took a large bite — a fucking large bite; Jesus Christ, what'd he do? Eat half the sandwich? — and chewed a few moments and said, "Not bad."
"You're disturbingly superstitious about certain things?" Barton said, and for some reason, Steve seemed to take offense to that.
He trailed off without explanation, and he pulled Tony in a little tighter to sway with him. Tony, finding no means nor any desire to fight it, went with the motion, putting his other arm to Steve's shoulder and reaching up to press his check against Steve's.
Tony giggled, his arms draped over Steve's shoulders, and he said, "I don't think this is big enough for both of us."
anything of his old life — anything personal, anyway," he began to explain as he pulled the photographs out of the box. "He made an offhand mention about some photographs he wished he had, I spent, like, a week scouring the internet, and, well, ask and ye shall receive," he said, carefully handing the first one over to Natasha.
Is it regular? How long does it last? Uh…wait, wasn't it the same for all women? Currently sexually active?
"Evidently either some alternate or some future self of yours." He nodded at Olivia, who had — was she standing on DUM-E's chassis?
"I teach art during the day, and I work as a museum security guard at night. I have a shitty apartment in Brooklyn, and I let my driver's license expire two years ago. I like sesame seed bagels and ordering people around. I draw in what little spare time that I have, and, as my friends tell me, I'm hopeless when it comes to popular culture. I made the mistake of saying to them one time that I understood a reference, and I haven't heard the end of it yet."
Steve went to say something to that, but Ella beat him to the punch by cutting him off and saying to Tony, "I'm sorry, I don't— Bruce and the captain keep referring to you as 'Tony,' but I thought your name was 'Natasha'?"
The elevator slowed to a stop, and as it dinged and opened its doors, Steve said, "Maybe that woulda worked if Esmeralda was still alive to change you back."
Tony gasped. "First my height, now my age. Say something about my weight, and you'll hit the sleeping-on-the-couch trifecta."
Tony nodded his head in approval. "Thank you. You look so good I can't wait to see that suit on my bedroom floor."
The doctor nodded, typing and swiping again, and murmured, "The girls in the office are going to have fun with this one."
No, that wasn't fair. Barnes hadn't killed his mother. In the few months that he'd been living there with them, Tony wasn't even sure if he'd seen the man kill a fly. Was he making up for past mistakes? Was he purposely attempting not to take one step out of line for fear of being handed over to the authorities?
"Showed up on TMZ at 2:07 p.m. The news networks picked it up at 2:22. The speculation is now that Tony Stark is dead, has been dead, the suit is running itself, and I was having an affair with 'Natasha Carbonell' while we together. However, no one can find any information on this Natasha, it's presumed she was an…
not a bad innuendo of some kind and had actually, literally happened once before. Tony had actually thought it was kind of funny and deserved; Steve had been the killjoy to level Thor with his Stare of Disapproval and guilt him into removing the hammer.
"Seriously, it's— It was kind of amusing when you two first started going out, but now it's just— We get it. You're horny for each other. You want to fuck. You're already married. Just stop with the flirting already,
"Doesn't matter," Jim said with a shake of his head. "Just take her away. Go see what Tony's doing. He won't let any of us into the kitchen."
He went over to the dresser, and he pulled open a drawer and dug through for a t-shirt or something she could wear. All he seemed to have at the moment were vintage band shirts, and with a heavy heart, he pulled one out and closed the drawer.
As Steve went about patting Olivia's back to get a burp out of her, he shot Tony a pointed look and said, "Well, I guess fortunately for some of us here, our baby didn't."
"Think I know what you're going for, big guy," Tony said in the hopes of calming Steve's suddenly unsteady nerves. It wasn't a lie. He was pretty sure he knew what Steve was trying to go for here. It wasn't a sex thing or a kink or anything like that. It was probably very similar to how he felt watching Steve cradle Olivia in his arms, just a soft kind of warm and homey feeling, like he wasn't sure there was a word in the entirety of known language to truly do justice to the amount of love he felt watching Steve interact with their daughter.
"Fucking battery died on my phone!" he all but yelled and shoved the offending implement back into his pocket. "
Steve wasn't convinced, lips twisted into a scowl, face hard and jaw clenched, but he didn't say anything, just puckered his lips when prompted, and Tony went up on his toes to give him a kiss.
He leaned against the sink, grasping hold of it to steady himself as he tried to gain his bearings. OK, so, he didn't know where he was, but he was still pretty sure he knew
"Yeah, now. But she's going to be cranky later on if she doesn't nap, and evidently, we're having your relatives for Christmas Eve dinner."
"Yeah, he— Look, he wouldn't take a gentle hint, all right? So, I hit on him. Told him Nat and I were looking for someone to join us in a three-way and he was just our type, which—" He shivered and looked back at Steve. "Nope, sorry. I like my men tall, blonde, and buff-as-fuck."
he was expected to lead a team he himself had not chosen. He'd personally chosen all his Commandos. He'd trusted them, believed in them, knew they'd have his and each other's backs as much as he had theirs.
Natasha seemed to understand what he was trying for, and she reached down and helped him pull the baby up closer to his breast. Tony noticed that the umbilical cord still seemed to be attached to her, and he said, "Uh, I think we're still connected here."
She just nodded her understanding then turned to leave, and Barnes shook his head a little but followed after her.
"No. I don't know where you and Bruce get this idea that just because I mention about how much of an egotistical ass the guy is—"
Tony snorted a laugh. "Yeah, that's not about intelligence. That's about which one of us is the bigger asshole, and let's face facts, babe. In that realm, I've got you beat by a country mile."
Tony tilted his head, perplexed that Bruce could even ask such a question. "Because. She's my daughter."
He screamed — high-pitched and equal parts startled and terrified — and stumbled back. He hit against something solid, and once he was able to focus on just
He sighed out a breath. "Honestly? I'm not sure yet. Maybe, in a way, I have only because what other choice do I have? I don't."
"Mmm...I agree with Steven," Thor chimed in after he'd finished gulping down his coffee. He smacked the empty mug on the coffee table, and Steve cringed at what he could only imagine was a very large nick now embedded into the table, but Thor completely disregarded the action and instead focused on Tony.
He finally sat up, and he pushed himself to his feet and went into the kitchen and sat down at the island to wait for Steve. Knowing Steve, he'd only remembered to send that message as soon as he'd gotten into the lobby downstairs.
He just wanted things to go back to some boring sense of normalcy. He was getting too old for this shit.
Tony shook his head. "Nothing. Movie reference you won't understand for a while. So, got the hots for me, huh, old man?"
Natasha just pursed her lips and raised her eyebrow at him as the cab pulled up to the curb. "Trust me," she said and swiped her card to pay for the ride, "no one's going to know it's you."
, I've kind of known about you my entire life, but we only actually met face-to-face about, oh, three-and-a-half years ago. Four, if you want to round up."
way of picking out a kid's name. What if I get something like 'Mildred' or 'Edna'? Would you want to saddle our child with either of those names for the rest of their life? What kind of a cruel father are you?"
"I really don't mind—" Steve murmured but Tony shook his head and said, "Nope, not a problem, babe," and flashed a grin at the many curious looks that surrounded them.
Steve let Tony take her, and as he shifted the sleeping baby from his shoulder to Tony's arms, he grumbled out, "She's my baby, too."
—" he pointed his metal finger at Sam, "—followed along talkin' all sorts of bullshit that nobody cares about." He turned to glare at Sam and then affected a slightly high-pitched voice as he mocked, "Oh, I didn't know you wanted to be
," he whined, arm thrown over his forehead as they lay there in bed, "we've done it. We've tried it. It's not working."
Tony glanced pointedly down at his abdomen. "Not to mention over a year's worth of super soldier semen being pumped into me on a regular basis. I'm just saying, if you tested my blood right now, you'd probably find trace amounts of the serum floating around my veins."
what he looks like when he smiles," Barton said as he examined the picture. Evidently he was talking about Barnes. Steve's smile in the photo was more of an unsure grimace, and the team had seen Steve smile on many occasions in the time since they'd been assembled.
sworn enemy. Hell, he even hung around with Thor, whom he spent countless hours asking about his alien-ness from the perspective of someone that was convinced he was just some foreign national pulling the leg of a bunch of gullible Americans.
Barton just glared at him, annoyed because Tony had disturbed him during one of those stupid reality shows about pet detectives or something like that, and said, "Why the fuck are you whining to me about this shit? Isn't it Cap's job by law now to listen to every petulant thing you say?"
Also, anything in this story that bears even the slightest resemblance to anything seen in Civil War is pure coincidence. This story was written before any scene/snippet of dialogue from CW had even been released.
Bucky glared at Sam and held his arms out to take the baby from him, and Natasha said a bland, "He's not going to stop whining until you do," without looking away from the TV.
Bruce rolled his eyes and said, "And you were knocked out for twenty minutes. Ideally, I'd want to wait at least forty-eight hours for that to clear your system."
He whirled, arms out and poised to defend against attack, his gaze settling upon a lank woman with long, honey-blonde hair and bright emerald eyes. Her gown was the same pale, shimmering thing he'd last seen her dressed in, that cocksure smile just as annoying as it had been the last time he'd seen it spread over her ruby red lips.
Steve reached up and scratched at the back of his head. "I mean, I could probably go again but I thought you said you needed to rest—"
that showed up to reclaim her didn't seem surprised in any way to see me looking the way I used to look. There was no sort of surprise like, oh, yeah, I used to be a man once upon a time. It was just, oh, hey, there's the past version of my husband. Let me go kiss the shit out of him and then disappear into a wormhole."
Tony shrugged. "You're really the only one that can be the judge of that. I just know he's a stubborn fuck. He gets an idea in his head, there's almost no changing it — well, not unless
He motioned over himself. "Like... I have a responsibility. To be what— To do what— I'm Captain America," he finally finished, lamely, like somehow that was supposed to explain what he couldn't quite figure out to say.
"Full house," he muttered under his breath and made his way to the elevator. He let JARVIS take him down to the communal floor, and he stepped into a heated and hushed discussion that immediately ceased as soon as his presence was felt. All eyes present turned toward him, and he felt judged for only a second before Barton said in a somewhat teasing voice, "So. What'd you and the Cap fight about this time?"
"What? No. I have to go tell New York how fucking phenomenal you are in the sack." He glanced to the others and said, "Look, fellas, cunnilingus? It's a thing, and it's
"Yeah, but are you attracted to me?" He stood a little straighter and tried to suck in his gut some before he motioned over himself. "Even like this?"
He met her knowing gaze then glanced briefly at Hill, who seemed to know something as well, before he grumbled and stabbed at the food on his plate again.
"Yeah? Because it's the truth. Trust me, there's going to come a time in your life when you're going to look back on these innocent days of freedom and lack of responsibility fondly and wish you could go back to them."
Barnes stared at him a moment before he shook his head and grumbled some, leaving the apron hanging loose around his neck as he went over to the fridge and pulled out the eggs.
Steve kissed his temple again and rubbed his side, and Tony's stomach grumbled again. He put a hand to just above the swell of his abdomen and said, "Oh, right."
Tony closed his eyes and settled into the stillness, but he sensed something was not sitting right with Steve, and he opened his eyes again and turned to face his lover, who, as he had figured, was lying beside him looking all sorts of disturbed and contemplative.
Steve put his hands to either side of Tony's face and held him there, gently, stroking his thumbs against Tony's cheekbones like Tony was the most precious thing in the world to him.
Steve slowly finished pulling the tape off his hand, staring at Thor's earnest and dare he say excited face as he tried to work out how to even respond to that.
"Yeah, it's where you release bad news late on Friday afternoon, and it gets buried over the weekend. People forget about it and move onto the next thing by Monday. Are there people downstairs?"
He sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. Great, they were fighting, and evidently loudly. "No one's thrown anything yet, have they?" he asked.
But Steve just considered Tony's hands in his, and he brushed his thumbs against Tony's fingers and said, "I know you don't believe in soul mates. I don't either — not, not in the way most people think of them. People talk about soul mates, they think it means someone that's just like you, someone that likes the same things that you do and thinks the same way that you do and sees the world exactly the same way that you do. If I ever had given thought to the idea when I was a kid, that's probably what I would have thought, too. But that's not a soul mate — not for me. I don't… I don't love you because you're exactly like me. You're not. I think we'd kill each other if we were exactly alike. But you balance me. You make me see things differently. You challenge me. You keep me on my toes. But you're my equal in everything. You're my balance, but you're my equal — if that makes any sense."
Steve made a 'hmm' sound and put an arm around his shoulders to pull him into a half-embrace. "I know," he said and smacked a kiss to Tony's forehead, "and I look forward to it."
"That's all I ask," Natasha said, and she stood watch as Tony pulled down the blankets and climbed into his side of the bed, groaning at the ache and at how tired he really was. As he settled in, she leaned down and pulled the blankets up for him then murmured something in Russian again and kissed his forehead. "JARVIS," she said as she stared at Tony, "put the shades down enough so Tony can catch a few actual winks of sleep."
Steve ground his teeth together, and Barnes pulled his arm away from Wilson like it stung and said, "Just when I was starting to like you."
"You worry too much," Tony muttered by way of explanation and crunched on another cracker, but Steve looked less than pleased by it. The explanation, not the cracker.
Slowly, almost unsure of himself, he began to shake the bottle again, and he stuck it in the warmer and turned to his daughter, who, from where she sat in her highchair, had a spectacular view of the living room and the glimmering decorations therein. She sat, evidently staring at the tree, and Steve reached over and brushed a hand lightly over the top of her head, making her turn her attention back to him. She looked at him in a little curiosity before she turned back to whatever it was she had been staring at, and he brushed his hand from the top of her head and down the side of her face so that the backs of his fingers grazed her chubby little cheek, and he murmured, "You know, you really are the most important thing in the world to me — you and your papa. I know you guys could survive without me, but I...I'm not sure I could survive without you."
Are you telling me no one else in this room would want to try that bad boy out? And seriously— Look what I get to try it out with!"
looking like that. Who the hell told you to dress like that? Wilson has more sense than that, so it must have been that asshole Barton."
"Well," Barton said, "see, Stark, when a super soldier and a billionaire love each other very much—"
"Yeah, well," he said breezy, carefree, as he took Steve's offered arm and followed him out of the room and over to the stairs, "
There was silence for a moment before Tony looked at Steve and said, "Wait, how come he doesn't get a 'Language!'?"
"Not one hundred percent straight? Pretty sure. I came of age during the '80s when the AIDS scare was at its peak, and I remember Jarvis saying something like, 'Please do take the proper precautions, Young Sir.'"
He stopped short as Tony grabbed the tablet out of his hand, and Tony snatched up another slice of bacon and began to crunch on that as he read through the list of suggestions.
" then turned to the guy and smiled some more and said a softer, "No, no, you know what?" He reached out and brushed his fingertips against the guy's arm. "I like the cut of your jib. And the cut of your jaw," he said and motioned to the guy's…rather weak jaw, if he was being honest. Well, weak compared to Steve's, but then, most guys' were.
" Pepper cried from the phone, and Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Think I'm good. But thanks."
"I think I can live with that," Bruce said with a nod. "I'll be back in a bit to check on you. Have to go check on our temporary residents downstairs."
"Yeah, you're right. It's not like I'm sitting here as a man that's been turned into a woman that's been impregnated by a science project from the '40s."
But he just shrugged again. "No big deal. It's for the best, anyway. I mean, should anyone really trust me with kids?"
They both indicated they were fine, so Steve headed off toward the employee lounge, making sure to bypass anything remotely connected to the atrium. No sense in chancing a fate worse than death just to get away from Bucky and Sam's needling.
"Yeah?" he said and pulled open a couple cabinets to look for…something to feed a child. "And what do I usually tell him?"
He sipped his champagne a moment then said, "I'm sorry. Isn't that what you were stating down at Ella Greenburg's gallery a couple weeks ago? Shame it didn't get as much press as it should have."
He sat down and set his clutch on the table, and he looked up at the other three that were still standing and said, "What? Was I not supposed to sit?"
Steve smiled a little and shook his head, and he turned his attention to the window beside him and gazed out it a moment before he said, "You know, sitting this high up, looking out the window, the music, the lights…kind of always what I pictured the Rainbow Room to be."
"I'm kind of curious how I'll do, to be honest. I mean, yeah, some women scream their heads off, and then others are really, really quiet. I think I might spend the entire time telling Steve how much I hate him."
Tony just stared at him a little before he pointed at the radio and said, "Yeah, that song's, like, forty years old. This is the '70s station. All these songs are forty years old."
"I didn't know I had to," Steve said and rubbed his hand over the swell, poking back at what looked like an appendage of some kind poking out.
He went about gathering the ingredients for the waffles, mixing the batter in a bowl as he set the iron to heat up. Luckily, the kitchen had been stocked to the rafters before the power outage, so there was no shortage of food for them, and though he did feel a little bit bad that the city was a mess and it might very well be days or even weeks before things got back to normal out there, at that moment, he only cared about himself and his baby and his old man. Besides, as Steve had explained, the other Avengers were tending to the outreach efforts, even if Tony doubted it was enough for the asshole talking heads on TV that figured the Avengers should personally doing the work to get the power stations back online while cleaning up the mess the rioting had left behind and trucking in water and food and other sundry items to provide much-needed relief for the people most affected by the Hydra's most recent asshole move.
"Yeah? One more crack, and you're gone," Tony said and moved to scooping up what looked like a cutout of a Christmas tree.
He showered up with Steve because why the hell not, and when Steve went to change back into his hipster frat boy ensemble, Tony took the clothes away from him and said, "
Behind him was Table 2, at which sat various pairs of Avengers and friends. There was Thor and Jane, and because Jane had attended that meant Darcy had to as well, and she'd brought…some guy. Hill was already sitting there, her gown a harvest gold kind of a color, a glass of something pinkish in her hand as she raised a curious eyebrow at something Thor was saying. Some nondescript guy was sitting next to her, looking equal parts awed and out-of-place — and maybe even a shade more uncomfortable than Bruce.
," Tony said to Steve. "I'm ninety-nine percent sure I know what's going on in that defrosted brain of yours, and, no, I'm not marrying 'Captain America.' Yeah, he's awesome, but he's not really… I'm marrying Steve Rogers, end of story. I want to marry Steve Rogers. Steve Rogers is as awesome as Captain America but without all that annoying baggage."
"Yeah, in theory, sure. It's a little different in practice. You know, when he's just there — just as Captain America — you think, 'Wow! I can't believe how awesome it is that this guy just rushes headlong into danger without blinking. God, he's so cool!' But when you actually care about the stupid bastard, it's less 'cool' and more, 'Can my heart take watching him pull this stupid shit again?'"
Tony rolled his eyes this time and sat down on the couch beside him. "Yeah, no one under ninety uses that expression anymore, old man."
Natasha had since opened her eyes, and watery green eyes stared back at him with nothing but pity and remorse. She blinked a few times, her gaze skirting all over his face before she nodded and parted her lips, speaking her words with understanding and authority.
"I mean, let's be honest here. The guy has a gorgeous mouth. And he was an art student. In New York. In the thirties. I'm sure he knows how to use it."
Steve turned, and he must have looked like hell because Tony's face immediately contorted in concern, and he said, "Babe? What's wrong? What happened?"
" Tony shouted at him, his voice going slightly screechy, and he groaned and rolled his eyes at the affront to humanity.
God, they probably sat around in Bruce's lab and ate granola and talked about changing the world through the power of love.
Barton snorted. "Of course," he said and took a sip. "How else are you supposed to survive these things?"
But she just smiled and shrugged. "Again, what fun is there in that? Remember our bargain," she said with a knowing nod.
He said that last one like a pout, and some of the fight went out of Steve yet again. He dropped his shoulders just the slightest and said, "I know, but—"
"OK, J," Tony said and swiped the display on. "Let's see if we're the only Steve and Tony in the universe with a daughter named 'Olivia.'"
"First of all, she fell out of a…portal." He took a breath to try to quell his nerves and pressed forward, pushing the thought of 'portals' out of his mind. "But sure, let's go with your angle. So, in some future alternate universe, some former flame that's just looking for a quick payout was able to send the kid back here, and not only that, but coached the kid to say that not only am I her 'Papa' but Captain Asshole is her 'Daddy.' What would be the point to that?"
said a couple of brisk miles would do wonders for me," he said, fighting to keep from snapping at Steve to put
"I know what it's about, Steve, and you don't always have to play knight in red-white-and-blue armor."
Steve sat back, perplexed. "What?" he asked, but Tony took that opportunity to step into the elevator and direct JARVIS to take him down to his lab.
He looked over the room, the presents beneath the tree and the stockings on the mantle and the bows and garlands and lights and tried to catalogue it all. He didn't know where he'd be tomorrow morning, but just in case—
Olivia's face fell, her eyes going wide and her mouth dropping open. "But I'm gonna help so we don't get taken 'way from Daddy!"
"Easier to get your mouth around," Rhodey mused, and at Tony's bemused look, he added, "Don't tell me you haven't thought about it. You've thought about everything else."
I could have removed the spell! But I cannot remove it now. The deed is done. The conception has occurred. It's out of my hands." And, to prove her point, she made a dismissive wiping motion with her hands.
"Yeah, well," he said and got up to put Olivia back in her bassinette. "There are ways to get milk out outside of having a newborn suck on your tit, as it turns out." He set the baby down in the bassinette then turned to Steve. "Evidently, we're talking feet here. And yes, I will be testing it. For science."
But Steve shook his head and said, "No, that's not a bad thing. Don't say that. That's…amazing." He moved a hand from Tony's shoulder down to his abdomen, resting his hand over top of Tony's. "I've kind of been afraid to say anything because I know you've kind of been struggling with this, but this whole thing is amazing and
. Look at me, Steve. Look at me." He motioned to himself the moment Steve turned his head to gaze at him.
. And I had JARVIS run a DNA scan, which seemed to come up positive. Plus, even I can't deny the fact that she does look a little like me. She knows me and Bruce and evidently you." He motioned at the bot charging in the corner. "She even knows that dunce over there."
He shrugged but didn't say anything after that, and Tony assumed he either couldn't think of the words to say or he was too embarrassed to say them.
"Baby, I think that's a little tough for you to chew yet," he said as she bit down but then made a face and dropped the bagel back onto the table. She looked up at Tony like the bagel had personally offended her, but Tony just held out the small bite of sandwich and said, "Or you don't like cream cheese. Here, you like peanut butter and jelly, though."
your one-armed pal have all held her. I didn't kill any of them. You have more rights to her than they do, so… Hold your arms like— Yeah, that'll work," he said and set the baby in Steve's cradled arms. His heart skipped a beat when Steve seemed to fumble with her at first — perhaps misjudging her weight — but he caught himself quickly enough and settled her into his arms, staring down at her in amazement and wonder.
Steve caught him looking at himself, but before Steve could say anything, he cut him off and said, "Think I'm gonna go grab a quick shower, yeah?"
He rolled his eyes. "Whatever," he said and turned back to her. "All right, Elphaba. Do your worst."
"Just a walk," Steve said. He stood up and began to stretch some. "It's actually nice and peaceful out there."
Bruce pulled the bread and the peanut butter from the cabinet and went over to the fridge to get the jelly, stealing glances back at the little girl with the big brown eyes and the blonde hair. She definitely looked like Tony; that was for sure. But there was something 'off' about the attitude. He couldn't put his finger on it, but he didn't get that she
"Buck," Steve said with a sigh, and Sam held his hands up a little like Steve didn't need to say anything more.
"Wait," he said and watched as Steve sat in the rocking chair and fed her a bottle, "what do you mean by that? Why would DUM-E even—"
"Well, that's their problem. The public wants to know the truth, and we're telling them the truth. We can't force them to believe it."
The assembled group was quiet a moment, and Tony realized their light teasing had taken a turn for the serious when Rhodey said gravely, "Of course you do, Tones."
Tony hummed a little and ignored that and continued, "She just stuck me in a body that could get knocked up. Did the rest on my own."
"Well, you give a piss-poor impression of not caring," he said and pulled off the full tube of blood and clicked on another empty one. Tony rolled his eyes at his assessment as he watched him.
"I know," Tony said, and his tone said to Steve that he really did and wasn't just paying lip service. "Forget about it. It's Christmas. Let's just enjoy the day."
"Nope! That's how we even found out about this whole thing to begin with. Brucie ran an ultrasound on me and found something there that should not ever, ever,
He winced away from the jabs and thought about rubbing his bruised sternum but fought the urge. "But it's
, the self-professed genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist that had never at any point in the month he'd known him given any thought to the idea of 'children' beyond the fact that they existed in the world, should be allowed that one thing Bruce himself could never, ever have.
He'd forgotten his earlier oath not to look at himself in the mirror, but with the door ajar and the vent having circulated out most of the steam once again, the moment Tony finished toweling off his wet hair, he was able to grudgingly come face-to-face with himself in the large, broad vanity mirror ahead of him.
But Steve smiled a little and leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I'm pretty sure that's the baby moving, honey."
And then he'd met Tony Stark, who had gotten under his skin from the moment they'd met, who'd irritated him and called him on his bull, and who didn't consider him a fragile relic or kowtow to him like everyone else did. Against his will, he'd found himself drawn to Tony like a magnet to steel, and it was only after the dust had settled, that alliances and friendships had been forged out of the fires of battle, that he realized that his feelings for Tony were much more complicated than he wanted to admit. He did not hate this mad, impossible, genius son of his late friend. He didn't even dislike him.
"Because this is only a temporary thing," he said and motioned over himself. "Crazy space goddess was playing with her Steve and Tony dolls and suddenly decided, 'Hey, what if Tony was a
Tony just rolled his eyes, and Steve opened the door and ushered them in. He found a lamp and switched it on then closed the door up behind them and locked it. Tony squinted his eyes at the assaulting light, and he looked around what appeared to be a kitchen in a rather state-of-the-art cabin that was mocked up to look somewhat rustic.
That's right. The last time he'd been down here had been right before he'd sought Bruce out to run some tests on him. Fuck, it had only been a couple days, but it felt like so much longer than that.
So, then he tried to think about Peggy. Sweet, beautiful, tough-as-nails Peggy. With her chestnut curls and brown eyes and red lips and melodious voice and soft curves... Well, he thought soft curves. He hadn't had the chance to find out for himself yet, but if he played his cards right, he was certain he would. She was everything he could have ever hoped for (well, almost everything, but those sorts of thoughts were liable to get a fellow dishonorably discharged), and she'd even thrown a few smiles his way before he'd turned into, well, the peak of human perfection. She'd given him a once-over back when he was still Skinny Steve Rogers from Brooklyn, the dumb kid that didn't know when to back down from a fight; the idiot that had never figured out when to keep his damned trap shut. Maybe, if the fates allowed and this war really was over by next year at this time, he'd have new Christmas memories to treasure. A fiancée to spend the holiday with or maybe, if he was very good, a wife. They would have a son someday (he
like Tony. Looked like him, yes, but acted like him? No. And it wasn't Pepper, either, though hearing her call Tony's girlfriend 'An' Pepper' had already laid that question to rest, and he didn't envy either one of them in the least at the moment.
"I would," Steve said, cutting into his thoughts, "but Nat's got some intel on a possible Hydra cell. She and Sam are heading out to do recon. I said I'd keep in contact. Figured you wouldn't want to be disturbed with my chatter, so I've got the tablet synced up with their comms. I'll handle it upstairs so you two don't have to listen to it."
He pulled away before Tony could let himself get too lost in it, though he still cradled the back of Tony's head in his hand, and he leaned forward and bumped his forehead against Tony's and murmured, "You will
Tony rolled his eyes again, and Steve reached out and pulled Tony and the baby into his arms then pressed a kiss against Tony's temple.
"It's not," Steve said, forcing himself to ignore Tony's hammy exaggerations, those things that always amused him the most about Tony. "You're so much better than that. You always were."
"Tony, don't tell him that," Steve said, but Tony motioned for DUM-E to roll his stupid bucket of bolts on over.
"Wait, hold on. The man that let a German scientist and my asshole father shoot him up with steroids and then throw him in a radiation chamber has a problem with
Cap flashed a brief, tight smile at him but didn't say anything to that and instead asked, "Is that the issue?"
After restraining the downed agent, they parted ways, Barnes telling him to get his goddamned ass back to the penthouse while Tony blew him off and said not until the threat was contained.
Steve was actually the only one he trusted to get him through it, to be honest. Not that he didn't trust the others, but Steve… Steve would get him through it OK. He could say that without question. He wasn't
murder your parents!" Steve said, nostrils flaring and gaze steely. "Buck would never do anything like—"
, I think we're looking more at the shotgun variety of ceremony." He glanced to Tony and said, "Nice to see the Cap making an honest man out of you, though."
bottoming for the Cap. He didn't think. It was hard to say. He hadn't done it much in his lifetime — maybe not even a handful of times — because contrary to what the world thought about Tony Stark, he was actually quite embarrassingly
Steve rolled his eyes and scoffed at that. "And you believe her?" he asked, turning to look at Tony.
Steve shrugged again, concentration focused on the steady flow of red taillights ahead of him. "I don't know. I just do. Maybe it's just got more of a tune than those other ones you've forced me to listen to." He shook his head a little and added, "Music today just doesn't… It doesn't have rhythm. It doesn't have a tune. It's… It's
"Anything we need to be concerned about?" Steve asked, and it surprised Tony that he hadn't said one word about the coffee.
Steve shook his head and rested his arms atop the seat, leaning his weight against it. "Doesn't matter what the public thinks—"
Jeez, did he even have anything that might be in the least bit interesting to a four-year-old? He cleared his throat and said, "JARVIS?"
Tony snuggled closer to him. "Yeah, well, first let me see how terrifying it is giving birth to this one and I'll let you know. Fuck, I can't believe those words are coming out of my mouth."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I don't think so, babe. This is the woman that Rule 63'd me without even stopping to wonder if she should do it."
Tony glanced back up at Steve. "All the effort she put into making my toes look pretty, I'm really not in the mood to smudge them."
"The middle of the night!" he said after a moment. "The goddamned middle of the night, they just sneak out of town like a bunch of ne'er-do-wells—"
Almost as soon as they arrived home, Steve had to turn right back around and head out with the team to take down what turned out to be another Hydra cell, and as Steve went to apologize and remind Tony that, no, he didn't feel comfortable having him out there, Tony just grinned and said, "You know, after my freak-out, I suddenly realized I don't
"You might have everyone else fooled, but you can't fool me. You love that 'bot more than life itself. You wouldn't have rescued him from the bottom of the bay otherwise. If anything ever happened to that 'bot, you'd be crushed." And then he shrugged and said, "He's your first, and you always play favorites with your first no matter how much you don't intend to."
He let out a sharp breath, his gaze cast to the floor beneath him, one hand on his hip and the other resting against the back of his neck. "I mean, if— if the offer still stands."
What? Steve had spent seventy years as a popsicle. It didn't mean he didn't love him. It just meant he'd spent seventy years in a deep-freeze, and Tony sometimes had the sense of humor of a fifteen-year-old.
just been informed that the man he was supposed to be putting up at his place was the man that had murdered his parents — his
Steve looked up, nervous, like he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to the question he was about to ask.
"That's the thing," Steve said and moved his hands to Tony's abdomen, tracing his fingers lightly over the flesh and making Tony shiver in delight from the touch. "I don't think I could deal with it. I honestly don't know how I would act, but I know I'd be taking it a lot worse than you."
Tony used Barnes and Natasha to brace himself with so he could scoot back up the table, and he closed his legs and used the two standing on either side of him as leverage to get himself sitting upright again.
Was that the right word? He'd been able to catch on to a lot about the future these past couple years, and he generally thought of himself as a rather open and aware person when it came to social norms, but even he struggled to keep up with the change of attitudes seventy years had produced — not out of any desire to remain ignorant but because realizing or admitting you were attracted to both sexes was one thing, but identity in regards to that sex was another thing entirely. He'd taken for granted that everyone physically born man or woman identified that way. He always had. He was still working to accept the fact that not everyone felt that way — not that there was anything wrong with it, just it was something he himself couldn't quite understand because he himself had never felt that way.
Natasha froze in place, and Tony squeezed his eyes shut and waited again for the feeling to pass. God, he swore these fucking things were getting more and more intense, and the fact that all this pain was because his body — yes, his body whether he wanted to admit that or not — was preparing itself to push an entire person out of it was, if he was being perfectly honest,
"Well, it depends on how you're using 'suck' and 'sucker,' but I know the way you mean, and I don't— I don't know if the world is ready to hear Captain America say something 'sucks.'"
The morning sun was peeking through the blinds when Steve next awoke, and he went to stretch a little when he realized there was a Tony-shaped lump lying atop him, his body somehow having slid into that crevice between Steve and the back of the couch during the night. Steve felt him stir, and he swallowed as he realized that this was it. They'd seen each other again, they'd had dinner, they'd made love, they'd slept, and now Tony was going to hurt him the way he'd hurt Tony once upon a time, telling him though he'd always love him, he couldn't trust him not to hurt him again.
it is!" Tony said and did his best to stomp over, but a big, overdone belly and swollen ankles probably made the sight more humorous than intimidating.
Tony stroked his hair again. "Don't mention it. We can all help. I mean, hell, I've been salivating from the moment I met him to get my hands on that arm."
The door opened, the chatter and murmur of the crowd breaking the quiet void, and there was the flash of photography as he stepped out of the car, aided by the valet. He squinted even through the rose tint of his glasses and fumbled for what to do for only a second before Steve was beside him, wearing a pair of aviators, his jaw set and his lips pursed. Tony took hold of Steve's offered arm, and they took exactly two steps forward before there was a camera and a microphone in their faces, and one of the news network's reporters was directing questions at Steve, saying, "Captain, it's such a pleasure to see you here at the Stark Foundation gala tonight. I see you've brought Miss Carbonell along as your date for the evening. Is it true you and Tony Stark have parted ways because of your affair with Miss Carbonell?"
"What? Oh, right. Ah, fuck you, buddy! I wasn't anywhere near your cab! Jesus, you know, half of those lunatics should have their licenses taken away."
But Tony just sighed and said, "Honestly, Steve, I'm tired, and I... I think it's time we face the facts here."
She tilted her head back to look at him, grinning as she held the spoon in her mouth. "'m always good!" she said, spoon still in her mouth.
"Well, that, too, but the 'knocked up' part. Do you have to— Can't you just say 'pregnant'? Or 'expecting' or—"
"Strucker and his cohorts got their hands on us. Evidently they milked you for as much super soldier sperm as they thought they were going to get and then killed you. Guess who they were going to use it on."
things he'd ever had to listen to — and clearly it was the fucking chicken!). It was probably the first time in his life that he'd ever really, truly felt like he had a family — a real family — one to argue with and get annoyed by and fight for tooth-and-nail. Pepper and Rhodey had been all that he'd had for a long time, and he loved them and still did, but these goddamned Avengers had wormed their way into his home, into his confidence, and into his heart, and if there was any one thing he wished he could go back and tell his younger self when he was at his lowest — when Howard had finally taken about all that he could of him and sent him away from the only home he'd known up to that point — it was that it would all be worth it in the end. That it may not look it now, and it may not feel like it know, and it may take a long, long time to happen, but it would be worth it. It would be so worth it, and he wouldn't change any one thing about it.
Tony clamped his mouth shut, and if Steve's absolute refusal of his offer hurt him, he gave no indication of it. He nodded once and fiddled with something that was either a phone or a remote control or some other little black electronic that was so prevalent in this new century then said, "I think you're over-estimating your abilities, but whatever." He tossed whatever it was onto the worktable. "You don't want my help. Can't say I didn't offer it to you."
Steve just grinned a little and said, "I look good for my age," before he turned back to the magazine, and Tony shrugged and murmured, "All right," and wrote down exactly what Steve had told him.
, I guess is the word? Let's just say the number of my actual conquests has been greatly exaggerated."
Tony made a pained face. "Again, seriously, that hurts more than you can ever imagine, and you'd better hope nothing like this ever happens to me because I can be a real prick." Again, Steve didn't move a muscle, so Tony continued. "I already knew about this. You told me a while ago that it had happened. Of course, it wasn't until
got a few bucks to spare. It's OK. We can totally afford to replace this. It's going to stink after a while." He stopped talking a moment then said, almost to himself, "Wonder if Barton's in the market for a slightly-used sofa?"
"We're going to let this happen. It's not going to be easy, but we're going to figure it out. We're not even going to talk about the alternative. We're going to do this, and we're going to figure it out."
He exhaled a breath, almost ashamed to say the words. "Tony has said several times that if I wanted to...if I wanted to get back into doing art — go back to sketching or painting, maybe go back to art school — he would support me. That I could do that — that I didn't have to, uh, earn my keep."
Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Thor frowned at Barton and said, "I did not know my otherworldness offended you so."
Steve crowded fully into his space at that. "I could strangle that man for ever putting that doubt in your head. You are…amazing. You're absolutely amazing. You're intelligent and funny and you give so much and you love so much. And you're gorgeous. You're absolutely gorgeous."
"Well," Steve said and poured the egg mixture into the pan, "they didn't have them back in my day, and modern-day technology can be so gosh-darn confusing sometimes—"
opposed to — seriously, my fiancé is probably over twice your age — but you didn't even have the decency to take your wedding ring off, and you haven't been able to pull your eyes away from my tits for more than five seconds at a time. For all you know, I'm on my way to take a massive dump, and you're here trying to get in my pants while all I can think about is that maybe dairy doesn't agree with me as much as I want it to."
The sun had set behind him, and the city was lit up like a jewel by the time he saw its glorious view as he barreled down the road that led to the Lincoln Tunnel, his own tower shining like a Christmas tree in the center of the island — welcome, comforting—
Tony shrugged. "Well, you'd have to ask him, and even then, you wouldn't get a solid answer out of him. I mean I love him, but the guy's not above lying to himself or anyone else. He calls them 'technicalities.'"
She hummed a little in amusement then said, "I cast the spell that gave him the form, but you, dear Captain, were the one to impregnate him. In that regard,
Tony shrugged and pushed into Steve's side. Steve moved his arm to make room for Tony, and when Tony pushed even closer to him, Steve draped his arm along the back of the bench, itching to just put his arm around Tony. Tony pulled out his cellphone again, and he pressed a few buttons before he held it out in front of them, and Steve saw the three of them staring back at him in real-time, the lights of the park shining above them.
if it made me look fat but if it was pulling just a little too tight on me. What does the bastard say?"
"OK, could you maybe go back to using your words? You're not saying a damned thing, and yet, I'm the one feeling like the idiot here."
"Balance," she reiterated. "Your bonded is a soldier, a warrior, a man of war. He prides himself as a man of justice and liberty, but he has blood on his hands. He is…"
"I'm sorry," Tony said as he settled Olivia into his arms, Jim evidently giving in to Tony's demands, "is everybody pissed that they weren't picked?"
Steve just stared at him disappointedly a moment. He directed a quick glance to the baby nursing at his breast before he met Tony's eyes again, and Tony suddenly understood Steve's issue with the 'language.'
. For making friends period, it sucked, and he couldn't even imagine how much more fucked up he would have been had he not been able to tuck himself under Rhodey's wing.
"I know you haven't suddenly become one of those 'life begins at conception' types." He shot a surreptitious glance at Steve then said, "Is someone forcing you to—?"
"Much," he said with a nod and took his bag back. He dug through it for his phone. God, why didn't women's clothing come with pockets the way men's did? It made things so much easier!
Tony just raised an eyebrow at her, and she smiled a bit at him. He really didn't have anything against her except the fact that he was ninety-nine percent certain Natasha had tried to set her up with Steve right around the time he and Steve had started dating, and there was still a very small but vocal part of him that couldn't help but wonder if Steve would have been better off in that case. She cleaned up nicely, she was smart, she was tough, she was pretty, she seemed pleasant enough, and she was, as far as he understood it, a damned good agent.
" He sat back in a slight huff. "What the fuck? We don't need a birthing class! First, any questions we might have could be easily answered by JARVIS. Second, what's there to know? It's the most natural thing in the world, isn't it? Isn't that what they say? What the hell do we need a class for?"
He thought back to what Olivia had said about what that other him called that other Steve. 'Honey.' 'Babe.' Funny that when it was just they two, when the ills and pressures of the world were a thousand miles away, and it was just they two caught up in quiet discussion in a workshop, well…
He had no idea who 'Nat' was, but he thought he was a pretty good liar when the occasion called for it. Erskine was the only one that had caught onto his multiple enlistment tries; none of the other dopes at the draft board had ever figured it out.
"The spell has taken," she said, elation evident in her voice as she clasped her hands together. Ignoring the others, she stepped up to Tony and crowed, her voice now sing-song, "I wasn't sure it would take so soon or so well!" She reached out and trailed her fingers over Tony's face, and Tony winced from the touch. "Oh, you're already glowing! Look at you!"
She put her hands up some in a slightly defensive manner. "I didn't mean to imply anything of the sort. As I understand it, this is a pregnancy that has its roots in love."
you're not going to leave, that you're not going to make the important decisions for us again without at least
"Believe it or not, it helps the uterus contract," Bruce said as Barnes and Natasha draped a thin, white sheet over his lower half to give him a little bit of warmth. He'd begun to shiver and shake not long after delivering, but Bruce had assured him — and he was pretty sure he remembered reading somewhere — that it was perfectly normal. "I take it you plan on breastfeeding her?"
He glanced over to the couch at the opposite end of the room. It was pretty comfortable. He'd slept on it several times himself. It would probably do for the night.
There were questions about his occupation (he put 'entrepreneur' for that) and tobacco and alcohol and drug use ('no,' 'quit,' and 'no') and whether he was currently taking any medications.
Tony noticed a song playing, the first song they'd ever danced to down in his lab — his workshop back then — when he'd taught Steve how to dance. He stopped halfway between the elevator and the table and took a good look around, and he opened his mouth to ask Steve just what in the world all this was for when Steve took his hand and pulled him into his arms.
"Look, I know you think I'm going crazy, and I know you think this is partially because Pepper just walked out on me—"
Steve went back to the table, and Tony followed the instructions to prep the bottle, and after he capped it, he went to start shaking it to mix, but he figured Steve needed to do his good parenting deed of the day, and so he shoved the bottle at Steve and said, "Here, shake this."
Tony scoffed and waved him off. "I'll be fine, babe. I can handle myself— And besides, this kid isn't going anywhere. He's way too comfortable where he is."
Steve was at the stove, pulling a just-cooked steak off a pan and was setting it onto a plate with a side of steak fries. Both the fries and the steak only looked the tiniest bit charred, but he supposed it was the thought that counted. There were two place settings set down on the island, and Tony sat down in his usual chair, his nose scrunching at the sight of a fresh garden salad in front of him. That looked like it had been bought pre-made.
Steve shrugged a little and ran his fingers through Tony's hair. "I think in some way you'll always be my Antonia after this. Kind of like how you're still my Tony now."
"Really sound like you believe it there, too," Steve muttered, evidently unimpressed with Tony's rather matter-of-fact tone of voice.
He yawned again, his body relaxing and his muscles crying out in tired relief. "Sure, old man. Anything you want."
"Honey, I love you, and I respect you, but this building is an ugly block of plate glass and twisted metal."
"Still think it's a waste to drive over there," Steve said as he pulled a pair of sunglasses over his eyes. "We could walk just as easily, and it would do us good."
But other than that, he'd never thought it would be used for such a purpose. Seeing as Steve hadn't wanted it for his studio, he'd been thinking about knocking down the wall and opening up the bedroom — maybe get a living room set in there and have themselves a nice suite to escape to while the moochers had their video game competitions downstairs. He supposed that was still an option, but it made more sense now to use it for a nursery.
"Yeah, no, sorry 'bout that. We were kind of dicks about the whole 'can we have one holiday to ourselves?' thing, so they promised to leave us alone until the day after. Which is a shame because I think you'd get a big kick out of them. I mean, I know you've got your little band of commandos at this point, but they're all just your garden-variety humans, right?"
"Yea— well, I guess if there have to be." He set the tablet and the bagel down and reached for Steve's arm. "Come on, Steve! It'll be fun! Plus, you know the gossip-mongers are just looking for some good Avengers dirt to get their hands on."
"It's not. It's purely selfish. But still, it's not such a bad idea. I suddenly have a new appreciation for all the shit people like Natasha and Hill and Pepper go through on a daily basis. I feel like I should do something about it. What's Gloria Steinem doing these days?"
Barnes didn't meet his gaze, instead staring down at the console between the driver's and passenger's seats. "Howard?" he murmured like he was being pulled from a dream.
"I did— I do. I didn't have a lot of luck when it came to… It's all about finding the right partner. I wouldn't marry someone unless I thought they were the right partner for me. I don't see a reason why your Steve would be any different, well, so long as he and I are the same person."
He shrugged, sheepish and abashed, and Tony saw slight embarrassment lining his blue irises. "Well, I was in showbiz. And I
But there was a catch — there was always a catch — and Esmeralda insisted that Tony couldn't get rid of it without killing himself. Which was...yeah, not the sort of thing Steve wanted to think about or deal with, but then Tony dropped the bombshell on him—
Steve sighed again and, knowing that was the end of that for now, zipped up, hissing at the friction of tight material against his aching cock. “Tony, please don’t call our daughter that.”
He didn't even have to think. He just nodded at her, smiling stupidly as he did so. "Yeah," he said. "I am."
"Five-eight," she murmured to herself then went to write it down, and Tony looked at the little metal rod ahead of him and squinted at the tic marks and said, "Are you sure? I thought I was five- nine."
. He loved his energy, he loved his mind, he loved the way he'd tilt his head in slight confusion those times that Steve said something that didn't quite make sense to him. He loved the way he built and created and forged something from nothing. And selfishly, he loved the way Tony made him feel wanted and desired, made him feel like he was someone worthy of being loved, made him feel
Tony sucked in a breath. He knew he'd be confronted with that eventually, but he was kind of hoping to put it off a little while longer. If only because he hadn't figured out a good explanation for it yet.
Steve shot him an amused look, the corners of his eyes crinkling in his humor. "You just don't want to admit that Clint was right all along."
He sneered a little and turned away from the stove, and even though he'd already known it, it actually hit him that Thor was there.
Steve just shook his head again, and the poor, skinny kid from the tenement that he would always be deep down chafed at all the festive — and expensive — paper and bows that covered those presents. "Tony, it's just too much—"
about having Steve inside of him. And not just in this body, but he'd felt it in his other body, too. Yes, it was hot and sizzling and tantalizing and sexy and all that other good stuff. But it was also
"Yeah," he said, the word sounding sad and wistful to his own ear. Hopefully, Tony didn't notice. "Yeah, sure." And then, because he was a glutton for punishment. "Now?"
Steve stepped closer, every fiber of his body screaming at him to fix this and make it better. Somehow. He didn't know exactly how, but somehow.
“I think we might,” he replied just as the doors opened to the penthouse floor, their daughter’s heart-wrenching cries greeting them upon arrival. They both went a little soft at that — in more ways than one — Steve bumping his forehead against Tony’s, and Tony rubbed his arms once more and said, “You get the teething ring. I’ll get the brat. But wash your hands first. I know where they’ve been.”
"Old habits die hard. I get it," Tony cut in easily. "There's a part of you that still sees yourself as Barnes's poor, pathetic pal that can't get a date to save his life. And your pal Barnes was notorious—"
asking these stupid questions," Wilson muttered proudly under his breath. Natasha twitched a small, knowing smile at him but simply took a sip of her coffee instead of calling attention to it.
Tony felt the bottom fall out of his stomach, and he sat back a little and avoided looking at Barnes because he wasn't sure whether he wanted to choke him or burst into tears. Even DUM-E seemed to sense the change in the air, as he pulled back some, raising his arm just the slightest as though he was taking an offensive position...with a magnifying glass.
Tony glared at him, unsure of what he was about to say but too into his discussion with Steve to care, and Bruce shrank back a little and said, "Never mind," allowing Steve and Tony to continue.
"Can't keep anything a secret in this place," he grumbled then righted himself again. "Yes," he said, "it's been suggested to me that it would be a good idea. I don't know why. I can tell you things are fine. Things are totally fine. I'd be the first person to know if they weren't. Trust me. As was assured to me by some space fairy, this thing inside me dies, I die, too, and—" He put a hand to his abdomen to feel for anything, and almost on cue, he felt a little thump. "Yep, still living."
Tony grimaced and rubbed the back of his neck. "Look, it's probably just that I'm getting older and things aren't running the way they used to or something. But Steve's even noticed that I'm not at my usual five hundred percent, and I'd kind of like to get a clean bill of health to shove in his face before he gets back."
Thor just continued to frown at him, but there was a flash of something like sympathy or understanding or — god help him — an idea in his blue eyes, and Steve went to ask him what he was thinking about, but Thor just squeezed his shoulder and said, "I'm sorry, my friend. I interrupted you when you were about to make your way back to spend time with your family. I shall leave you to that now and take my leave."
"You can't be 'more or less' sure about something like this, Tony. You have to be absolutely sure. This is— You're asking a lot of— You know what you just said 'yes' to, don't you?"
"Lovin' Spoonful. 1965. All right, that one's old even for me. Look, I don't— I don't think you can really compare
Steve ran his hands over Tony's thighs then up and over his hips and to his waist and belly. He tripped his fingertips over where the slight bulge from Tony's incident was showing then moved his hands up to cup Tony's breasts through the fabric of the bustier, squeezing ever so gently almost like he was trying to map and figure out every part of Tony's body, very similar to what he'd done back when they'd slept together for the first time.
there aren't any breaks or fractures," he muttered and swung the car down the approach ramp to the tunnel. "May have to let it slip to Rhodey or Pepper if there is. Think Happy'd like to get in on that, too."
She was practically giddy, and she went to jump out of her chair presumably to demonstrate, but Tony reached out to her and said, "Yeah, not tonight, kiddo. And Papa's going to have to have himself a talk with Romano—
And, ho boy! The look of abject pity in Tony's eyes. He must have said that last comment aloud, because that's the only reason he could fathom for Tony's decidedly pitiful, "Oh, babe."
"Trust me," Bruce said, "you're going to be very thankful for this once the adrenaline wears off and the pain hits."
He began to sway on his feet until he felt strong arms scoop him up into an embrace, and he let himself be carried from the bathroom and back into the bedroom. Steve set him on the bed and helped him into a clean shirt and a pair of briefs then drew down the blankets and tucked Tony into them.
God, what that implied about them—! He closed his eyes and tried very, very hard not to think about touching Tony's body in the ways he'd been imagining since he'd first woken up. And not just his face or his shoulders or his torso but...other places. Below the waist. Places that went hard and rigid and leaked fluid if worked just the right—
"Bullshit. You said you didn't even tell the Hardy Boys about it. Must've been pretty bad to keep them out of the loop."
"Like what?" Tony asked because now he was fucking curious even as he caught Barnes's uneasy disgust in the periphery.
He frowned at Tony's tone of voice and sat up to look at him. It was as though he was seeing Tony fully for the first time — the hair, the eyes, the neatly-groomed facial hair, the general swagger, and the brainpower so far above anything Steve could or would ever understand.
Tony grimaced a little, his muted reflection staring back at him from the steel doors of the elevator. "Uh oh. I thought he knew that's where we're— What the hell are you doing?" he asked and turned to watch Natasha type away on her phone, her fingers working furiously over the screen. "Warning the other two about me?"
Steve sighed a little and said, "Tony, I know you don't want to hear it, but you're pregnant. And neither one of us has any…experience…with that. I just… I want to make sure you're OK. I want to make sure everything's progressing as it should be. I don't need you…clocking out early."
Tony just stared at him and blinked, a stupid and unsure smile on his face. "You're trolling me, aren't you?"
Wilson just stared at Barnes a moment before he said, "You know, I think I might actually fucking hate you."
"I think that witch was right. I think you two need each other. You do OK apart, but together, you can't be beat."
He shook his head and swiped at the screen. "Nothing to talk about, J. Little blip on the radar. Doesn't change anything. I didn't actually order anything for her, did I?" He didn't wait for JARVIS to respond before he added, "Cancel it. Whatever I ordered, cancel it. It's not worth it. She's gone, she's not coming back, end of story."
He sighed, figuring one of these days Barton would push his comments too far and get a shield to the face for it, and went back into the bedroom.
"It was hard to get excited over anything when all I could think was, 'Yep, my parents died a year ago today,' or 'Wow, Christmas already? Hey, fifth anniversary of my parents' death.'"
"And what about…?" He glanced down to his abdomen, and Steve glanced down as well before he shrugged.
He found him in the hangar, discussing something with Steve, who was already suited up, shield clamped to his back, and ready to depart. He went to make headway toward them, but he stopped a moment, the low, persistent ache in his back seeming to radiate. He rubbed his back and wondered if he'd pulled a muscle or something when he'd
The lab bathroom was a more utilitarian affair than the one in the penthouse. Nicer than most overall, but much more basic than the decadence he was used to luxuriating in. There was a shower and a toilet and a sink, and honestly, any Manhattanite would kill for it, no matter how simple an affair it was.
"I knew it," he said then shook his head. "Anyway, just so long as they have him. Don't need some Hydra offshoot wannabe getting tissue samples and trying to grow their own super soldier in a lab. I mean, fuck's sake, they just tried to kidnap me and her."
He sat back in his chair, plate untouched. "They can't all be winners. And you never answered me, Spruce Bruce. What's the point of your annoying little exercise?"
"Oh, this just keeps getting better and better," Pepper said, and Tony turned and tried to placate her, but even as he put calming hands out toward her, he could only grimace as he said, "In my defense, I was straight with you about that from the beginning — uh, no pun intended."
"Foursome?" Steve murmured and tried to figure out the logistics for that. Seemed like an awful lot of work and not very intimate at that.
All in the name of securing the Stark line — and the peace their kingdom had known for decades — for one more generation.
"Indeed," Thor said and jerked the controller as he completed a particular move, much to the annoyance of Wilson and Natasha, who was evidently on his team. "If you did not wish us to make ourselves at home in your abode, you would not stock your pantry with all of our favorite delicacies."
Tony turned around in his seat to watch after her. "Wait, Hill's going, too? Is this some sort of girls' night?"
He nodded. "Yeah. Here's the thing — might be a little TMI — but I am sore as fuck, and I kind of have to pee, and it's going to take me about half-an-hour to get up those stairs."
Barnes gave him a flat look and nodded at that but said nothing, and Tony took that as his opening to ask him the other thing that was on his mind.
"Goddamn it, Steve! Talk to JARVIS all you want, just stick your fucking dick inside of me already!"
"So!" she said with an exhale of breath, and Tony met her gaze for only a moment before they were both suffering from a sudden onset of watery eyes, and Pepper pursed her lips in some half-hearted attempt at getting her emotions under control before she blubbered out a happy, "I'm so proud of you, Tony."
"But it's not untrue," Natasha said and caught his attention. He turned to her, and there was a softness in her green irises, and he believed her that he wasn't entirely defending Steve, just explaining the situation.
"Nah, first time, actually. Don't eat out that much. Can't really afford it. Not even cheap diner food."
He shrugged. "Couldn't figure out any other explanation for it. Only lasted a day. Didn't lose any time. Woke up the next morning that I was supposed to. I just thought it was a very long, drawn-out dream. Maybe it wasn't."
Tony shrugged. "Nothing some R&R can't fix. See, I kind of pushed your ten-pound kid out of me a couple days ago—"
"Well, that's old-timey," he muttered then said to her, "Well, why shouldn't I call you 'baby girl'?" She shrugged. "I dunno."
But they must have already had a game plan in place, as this time, it was just the one store, and Natasha stormed through the displays and racks like a woman on a mission before she found the dress she was looking for.
Steve quieted his chuckles, the smile remaining on his face, and he met Tony's gaze and said a somewhat earnest, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to laugh at you."
"I'm fine, Tony," Steve said, a little slurry, as Tony put a gentle hand to his face and brushed his thumb over Steve's bottom lip.
. Oh, isn't that sweet?" He rolled his eyes. "You do know a fetus doesn't even have a concept of what 'love' is, right?"
As Steve closed the door and went back around to the driver's seat, Tony glanced in the back to see Bruce already buckling up, and before he could say anything, Bruce said, "I think you'll like it, anyway. She wasn't active very long, but she's got some great shots from Monterrey Pop and other stuff. Spent some time in London, too, so she's got some great candid shots of the Beatles and the Stones and all of them. I don't know if the sister's going to be there — she's the one that owns all the stuff. I told Ella that Steve was coming with me to the show. Don't know if she passed the news along."
"I do say so. Please don't kiss me!" he said as Steve brought his mouth down toward his. "I just threw up, and my mouth tastes gross, and—"
"Yeah," Tony said quickly. "On my dime. You know how many people have ever treated me to anything? One. His name is 'Jim,' and I'm about to name my first child after him. Other than that? Yeah, not really."
"Hundred percent serious. You take care of him, but you also give him the ass-kicking he needs. That's all his ma could have ever asked for."
"First of all, I don't 'ramble.' Second, it's 'cause I am Tony." He set the tablet and coffee down on a table and moved over to her, and though she still eyed him with unease, she didn't move away from him as he stepped closer to her, and he scowled and looked up and said, "Really? You know, you're killing me with those shoes."
Barton shrugged. "Maybe it's a remnant from when you were a woman. You got pregnant. When you got changed back...maybe not everything changed back, if you get my drift?"
He knew the address of the Tower, and he didn't think it was well-known enough (the actual street address and not just 'Avengers Tower' —
Until Barton lightened the mood somewhat by focusing on the least...awkward portion of it. "Happened when Stark was a woman. Think it was pretty damned conventional."
He ran, fast as he could, down the street, eyeing up block after block of wood-frame houses, pruned shrubbery, driveways and garages, and festive seasonal decorations. He didn't know how long or how far he ran before he got to the intersection of what looked to be the main thoroughfare. He came to a dead stop just as a plow truck went by, throwing dirty snow up onto the sidewalk as it cleared the road. It didn't look… In fact, none of the vehicles looked… They didn't look like anything he'd seen in either Brooklyn or Europe — small and sleek and streamlined. One went by just after the plow truck — red and sleek and sporting odd-shaped headlamps. And then a truck went by and then another car. He stepped back from the curb and reached out for the signpost. He grabbed hold of it to steady himself and was just contemplating his next brilliant move when he heard the crunch of snow beneath tires beside him, and he turned to see a sleek, black car with blackened windows pull up to the stop sign. Some weird motor whirred, and he watched the blackened window slide down into the door, but there was no one there to roll it down. Instead, he peered into the driver's side to see Tony, now with a fashionable black coat thrown over him, sitting behind the steering wheel and looking rather nonplussed.
He patted his abdomen then nestled into the blankets and tried to relax. He closed his eyes and took several deep, long breaths as he tried to will himself into something like a slumber. Falling asleep was not exactly difficult for him nowadays, and in no time flat, he was out, and he only knew that because the next thing he knew, the light and the shadow had shifted, and he knew late afternoon was upon them.
"Or— Oh! She didn't know who JARVIS was. She said he sounded like that Vision-person. The AI she knew was called 'Friday,' I guess."
. He needed him, wanted him, had to have him. Steve would take care of him, would love him, would make him feel equal parts safe and blissed out of his mind.
He yanked open the cabinet again to grab the filters. He reached in to where they usually were, his hand coming up empty. Fuck. No filters. OK, whatever. Maybe there was some cheesecloth around he could use.
"I did," Steve said with an exhale of breath, "because I thought taking care of a boy would be, I don't know,
"No, no, it's fine," he said and sipped his soda through the swizzle stick. "I avoid any place that serves alcohol, it
"Didn't say it was a bad thing. Just glad to know you can get it up because of me." He reached up on his toes and pecked a kiss at the corner of Steve's mouth. "I do sort of worry sometimes…"
"Uh, we could have taken the limo with the others if you didn't have to make like the ninety-year- old that you are and sit there and polish your shoes for half-an-hour."
Steve set a sad smile on him but said, "You know, if you want — if you want — I mean, I know they do have surgeries for this kind of thing now. Hormone replacements and stuff. If you really wanted, you could do it that way."
Tony seemed to understand that he was losing Steve's trust again, and so he sighed, snatched up his phone, and grumbled as he swiped his thumbs over it. After a moment, he reached over, switched something on the radio, and then the version of 'White Christmas' he knew was streaming from the speakers.
A couple of the others in the gallery turned to him at that but said or did nothing otherwise, and Ella's gaze pointedly went down to Tony's abdomen. Tony followed, matching her gaze with his own, and he put a hand on his belly and said, "He might be a hundred, but he's clearly not
"What?" he asked and yanked a metal meat tenderizer out of an array of utensils. That would work, right? "Steve asked you to do
child, so I'll thank you not to go off and get yourself killed before this whole thing—" He waved his hands over his body like he was demonstrating…something. "Ends."
Tony grinned at her. "Exactly. I just… Believe it or not, I actually don't think me going out there and telling the public that I'm Tony Stark, I'm a woman, and I'm pregnant with Steve Rogers's child is the smartest move to make. And I cannot trust anyone on the Board not to keep their mouths shut about it. I've got, what, a handful of months left. Is there
"And have you figured out how you're going to explain that one—" he nodded his head toward the living room where Olivia sat watching cartoons — "to him?"
"Yeah?" he asked, staring down at the little being in his arms, the one still going to town on his nipple. Maybe he should switch her over to the other breast and give that one a workout for a while?
He groaned out the rest of his sleep — goddamn it, he had fallen asleep, hadn't he? — and sat up, and he stretched and said, "J? What time is it?"
He was about to set her down on the sofa when the elevator doors opened, and a showered and changed but foodless Steve strode off. He caught Tony's gaze and smiled at him, but he must have detected Esmeralda out of the corner of his eye, as he stopped in his tracks and turned his attention to her, and Tony recognized one of Steve's defensive stances when he saw them.
Tony tilted his head in amusement at her, and the little super soldier spawn inside of him began to flutter a bit.
," Colonel Fury had said, the swirl of an unfamiliar Times Square surrounding him, dozens of agents standing in wait should he even think to attempt to run again.
, but that— I said, I have a few dollars to my name. I can…treat my fella to a night out, I guess. I said, I know it's not much, and I know you've been to fancier places and done fancier things—"
"Too kind, babe," Tony said and swallowed his nerves as he stepped around the table and made his way over to where Barnes stood beside Steve. "All right, let's see what we have here."
Bruce sighed out a breath and sat down on the coffee table so that he was more at Tony's eye- level. "First, you denied her existence, then you accepted that she at least existed but you were bound and determined to get her back,
Christ's sake, Bucky was dead, and it was all his fault! He didn't think there were enough 'Hail Mary's in the world that could constitute adequate penance for that.
Tony stared at him a moment, wondering how he could ever doubt himself, then exhaled a slight breath and said, "Yes, babe. It's OK. You did good, old man."
" she breathed out, and Tony turned to meet her gaze. Her lips quirked into a little smile, and she rubbed his abdomen a little and said, "Congratulations, Stark. It's a baby."
Tony shushed him, continuing the stroking motions against his face. He thought it odd for only a moment that he was the one in trouble and yet here he was comforting Steve over it.
"OK," he said and carried her into the bedroom. Hopefully, the Cap wouldn't get too angry about this, though hopefully, he would never know in the first place.
"Yeah, I never got around to finishing that one, did I?" Steve murmured as he looked at the drawing of what was clearly his memory of their Rockefeller Center Skating Rink 'marriage proposal.' It was a joke proposal. They were already engaged by that point. They even had rings. But Tony had mentioned that Steve's actual proposal had left much to be desired, and inspired by an actual proposal on the ice rink down below where they stood, Steve had gotten down on one knee in front of thousands of tourists and proposed to Tony the old-fashioned way.
He never realized how many people seemed to like Steve only because of the physical aspect — how big and strong he was or how attractive they thought he was. He knew those girls wouldn't have looked twice at the ninety-pound runt that informed the six-foot, two hundred pound super soldier, even if that ninety-pound runt was identical in spirit and personality. It was all about the appearance to them — the big, strong, powerful, steadfast Captain. And not just them but everyone, to be honest — everyone that had ever focused only on Steve's appearance and not on the man underneath the muscles.
"Yeah, I remember. But I got a different one," he said and went over to the bed. "Come on. Let's get you changed and into bed so you can go to sleep and be not sleepy tomorrow."
"Yeah, I'm gonna say 'no' to that one and blame all the hormones raging in my system at the time for clouding my judgment."
," JARVIS intoned, and Tony rolled his eyes and glanced over to Natasha, who just raised an eyebrow at him and said, "
we're together, Tony. It's fine for you to go out with Maria and Natasha and Pepper. There's nothing there to raise eyebrows about. But not us, and besides, there're already questions being asked about Tony Stark's mysterious disappearance from the limelight. Iron Man still puts in appearances, but Tony Stark hasn't been seen in, what, two months? If I'm seen in public — on a date — with someone that they think is
Bruce nodded again and said, "OK. Ten minutes. That should—" he started to say but then seemed to think better of it and closed his mouth in a little bit of resignation before he nodded and said, "Ten minutes."
Tony rolled his eyes, but he couldn't deny there were tears in them as he did so. "Whatever," he muttered, his voice cracking slightly. "I take it Captain Martyr was the only one in the building at the time?"
Barton just patted him on the back. "You don't have the same upper-body strength that you used to. Sorry. You can probably swing your hips better than I can if it's any consolation."
"Yeah, all right, fine," he said with a sigh. "Your sappy-as-fuck hubby wanted to throw you a surprise birthday party and asked us not to say anything to you about it."
"Your girlfriend?" Barnes cut in. "Oh, I thought she was just 'a friend.' I didn't know you two were 'dating.'"
Barnes just nodded but said nothing, preferring to spend most of his time staring out the window beside him until one time too many times that Steve mentioned about Tony building or paying or
OK, he didn't hate Frank Sinatra — he'd never met the guy — but he wasn't a huge fan of him as a singer, and to wake up in a world that revered him to the degree that it did was just...odd. Like the world had been taken over by a bunch of screaming bobby-soxers. Hey, he was a skinny punk from Brooklyn. Maybe if he'd had a half-decent singing voice, he could have done something with that and had a bunch of screaming bobby-soxers chasing after him, too. People didn't care what you looked like so long as you were famous.
, if you'd rather not get us covered in ticks and fleas and whatever the fuck else lays in wait in grass, there's always the road. Haven't seen a car yet."
He motioned over to the TV at that, which was continuing to air images from the previous night's Foundation gala event alongside various talking heads and 'expert commentators' giving their two-cents' worth as they debated whether or not Tony Stark or Natasha Carbonell had been at the event last night and, no matter which one it was, just how cute were she and Captain America together?
Yeah. Hormones. Not the fact that his husband was dead. "Already knows what he's going to waste it on, huh?"
As her small hands were about to make contact with Tony's, he yanked his hand away and snapped out a particularly nasty, "Don't touch me," at her.
Steve glanced up and smiled at him, but the connection didn't last long before Steve was glancing away and the smile was fading from his face. Tony frowned, catching the look he didn't do a very good job of hiding, and said, "What?"
Steve nodded at the window on the other side of the room. "You took this from the girl at the desk, didn't you?"
Because he didn't want her to go back. He wanted her to stay there, with him. OK, look, he wasn't an idiot, and he knew it wouldn't be easy, but he didn't just
Cap didn't say anything to that, just continued to tear at the napkin, and Tony watched him a few moments before he grabbed a tablet and a stylus and began to work out some more specs for the Mark… It had to be the Mark XVII, right? Wait, already? How many had he gone through in a month?
There was no tub to sit on in this bathroom — only a shower stall — so Tony went over to the toilet, and he closed the lid and sat down on it, hugging his arms around himself as he cried for the loss of a life that was never his to start with and maybe even a little bit for an existence that would never be his again. And that was where, after some time, when he'd cried out everything he was certain that he could, Steve found him, standing in the doorway to the bathroom looking equal parts sad and uneasy.
He couldn't honestly say how long he spent down in his lab. No one came to bother him, and he didn't inquire as to the whereabouts of anyone else in the Tower. Could have been six hours; could have been six days for all he knew. He resolved not to think about his asshole husband and the murderer he called a best friend, but he couldn't
Steve's cock felt rubbing against his…pussy sounded so crass. What else could he…? Well, whatever, he didn't want to think about it because he'd lose his train of thought, and the image of Tony — of dick-possessing Tony Stark — dressed up in women's lingerie seemed to be doing crazy things for Steve's libido, and he was nothing if not someone to encourage Steve's libido.
"Your smile is your tell. The one you fake for the public is different than the one you give when you're actually happy about something. Though to tell the truth, Steve was the one that caught that, not me. It was the only time I thought he was cut out for spy work. Then I realized it was
They again drove in silence, Steve focusing on the passing scenery, the radio still playing what he assumed were supposed to be Christmas songs. He curled his toes and really wished he'd thought to grab shoes before running out of the house, and almost as though reading his mind, Tony said quietly, "There's a pair of socks and your boots in the back seat if you're interested."
"Ugh, fine," he muttered. He scrambled to sit up, grumbling when he struggled more than he wanted to especially in front of other people. He got situated, sitting on the edge of the cushion, and said, "OK, let's get this bullshit over with."
with her — so cute that Tony, for one brief and not-exactly-shining moment found himself irrationally jealous that Steve was more playful with her than he was with him. Yes, it was stupid, and he knew it was stupid, especially since, according to Barnes, Steve was pretty damned playful the way it was with him. He couldn't help it, though. He struggled to get Steve to say the magic 'I love you' words to him, and here the bastard was, freely offering up some variation of, "I love you, doll baby," to Olivia every chance he got.
"Yeah, 'uh oh' is right," Tony said and stepped around the couch to go over to the mess. "You know how long Papa spent arranging that while Daddy sat on his caboose and stuffed his mouth with cookies?"
Because the gold engagement band Tony had planned on using as a wedding band didn't fit his finger any longer, Steve jokingly offered to buy Tony another wedding ring. Tony, to both their surprises, took him up on the offer and then proceeded to pick out a stunning diamond-and- sapphire studded band set in platinum from Tiffany's. It was half-because, when he let his gaze go fuzzy, the colors blended together and looked a little arc reactor bluish.
"Mostly the ribbons," Steve said as he scanned over the mess beside him. "Who's all this stuff from, anyway?"
He noted that they were both still standing, and he nodded for them to take the chairs in front of his desk. They shrugged and sat, and he leaned back in his chair and looked at them.
She waggled her eyebrows a little, and Other Tony muttered, "I hate you," but she shook her head and said, "You don't."
Tony smiled and reached out to smack his arm. "That's why I love you, big guy." He sighed and relaxed into the couch and said, "For the record, I can guess that Nat and Wilson have gone to drag Steve back here, but to be honest, really don't want to see his mug at the moment."
"Yeah," he said and thought back to Steve's apparent death in the building collapse weeks earlier. "I've been getting that a lot lately."
, Bruce!" Tony cried and sat back in his chair like he'd just made the most profound statement of the century. "He uses
"Like you wouldn't believe! I have an appetite again, I have a sex-drive again— Incidentally, I wasn't joking about getting that suit on my bedroom floor."
But Tony just met his eyes and said, "Look, we'll get pizza, grab a few beers, and then Bruce and I will get back to work trying to figure out how to get her the fuck back where she belongs."
"I will support you no matter what. No matter what you go with, it's not going to be easy, and I..."
"Yeah," he said, Olivia's whines getting a little louder and more determined, her fussiness translating into wiggling and arm shaking. "Is that a bad thing?"
"What? Did you suddenly think I'd gone modest as I sit here with this giant belly hanging out— Look!" he said and motioned to the strange lurching that was going on underneath it. "It moves."
"No story to tell," Steve replied. "I just…found a lucky spot to stay down in while the whole thing came down around me. Comm piece got knocked out and crushed in the process." He shrugged again. "That's it, really."
Tony glanced at his watch, and he looked around the lab and said, "J, close up shop. Cap and I are going out for coffee."
Tony glanced up from where he sat on the couch, tucked comfortably into Steve's side, and noticed that Natasha did appear to have cleaned herself up a bit and put some makeup on. She smirked a little at Barton and swiped at his head like she was going to smack him, but he ducked out of her reach, and she grabbed her small purse from where she'd set it on the arm of the couch and said, "Don't wait up, boys."
He snorted a laugh and stopped talking a moment, as though he was trying to figure out the right words for what he wanted to say.
Tony tried to, taking a deep breath and blowing it out and trying to calm himself with equations and such as the cuff tightened around his arm. He tried to ignore the feeling, tried to ignore what the doctor was doing, and just concentrate on the equations he saw floating around his head until the cuff loosened completely and the doctor said, "Good," and removed the cuff. "So far, so good. You're doing very well."
He jumped up, joints cracking, and scurried into the kitchen before Olivia could say anything that would really get him into trouble. He trusted Rhodey to keep her in the living room until he could return. "So, uh, what do you need?" he asked when he got to sanctuary. "I take it you didn't call just to exchange some pithy and sexually-charged banter."
you'd been turned into a woman. He was with you for well over a year before that, and trust me, he found you
would go back and wring Howard's neck? Just more proof this was definitely an alternate universe he was dealing with here.
"She's never done this before," Tony said, the first coherent thought that was able to form in his mind.
"No, I get it. Prince of Asgard. And he's built. Firm. Pretty eyes. Nice smile. Very charming and courageous. And worthy! Don't forget worthy. You want to know if you're worthy of lifting Thor's
Steve hummed a little, continuing to work the plug, Stark keening and writhing beneath his hand. “I don’t know. I don’t really see this as a teachable moment.”
A nursery. Good god, the boozy playboy he'd once been would never believe it. Or, if he did, he'd be trying to figure out how much it would cost to make the whole thing go away. Because that man could never, in his wildest dreams, have imagined he'd be the one knocked up—
"Look, could we maybe not tell my mom I'm an Avenger yet? And, what— I still do counseling, all right? I just—"
"Tony, I can't be out there doing what I have to do if I have to worry about you getting yourself into trouble—"
Rhodey sighed out a breath. "Well, whatever, man. Just don't tell Pepper about this, all right? It's not something she needs to— What? What's that face? What's that look for?"
She suddenly went animated as she described in detail something about sisters and snow and magic, and she ended it by singing something that had to have been called 'Let It Go.'
"That's not what you said in the limo. And, you know, I didn't really say that," Wilson said as she led him over to their table.
"What? It's a legit means of trying to pull one over on the Board. You really think I can waltz in there and tell them
Steve's eyes hardened into something fierce and fuming. "Don't say that. Don't ever say that about yourself. Maybe you were a spoiled, trust fund brat, but you were
They settled into a quiet contemplation after that, Steve dividing his time between eyeing up the bassinette and watching what Tony was doing, and after a few moments of watching Tony, his face pinched in concern, and he asked, "It really doesn't hurt?"
He pointed to the living room with the spatula, and Steve laughed and said, "No, I'm serious. That's some precise and detailed work! I commend you for it, Iron Man."
Everyone took their turn and their time, some succumbing to tears as they told their tale, and they went around the room sharing their struggles and their victories, and when it came time for Steve and Tony, at long last, to share theirs, Steve opened his mouth to begin the tale — presumably in his usual no-nonsense way — but Tony reached back and patted his arm and said, "I got this babe," then turned to face the legion of very curious attendees that, judging by the looks on their faces, had been just barely able to contain their curiosity the entire time the rest of the group had done their sharing.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Tony said, ignoring Pepper's plea to just get over to the car.
"I don't even think Cher can turn back time," Natasha said then stopped cold in the middle of shaping Tony's nails and looked up at him. "That sounds like one of your references."
She turned her attention to Tony and smiled at him, reaching out to brush her fingertips against Tony's cheek. "Perfect. So very perfect. You shall wear it well," she said and dropped her hand. "But you always do, don't you? And you glow. Even so early on, you glow, a new life growing inside you. You should feel so honored. Not many of your kind have the privilege of experiencing such a thing."
Steve just kissed his nose again then nodded his head up the stairs. “Go. We can pick this up later. I can’t stand hearing her cry like that.”
But Bruce just shook his head, closing his eyes and muttering something under his breath that Tony couldn't make out.
He knew, on some level, he should look at this as a learning exercise of some kind, but it was hard to see it as anything other than a violation of his body, his autonomy, and the laws of nature.
"Because we're idiots, all right? Because once you kind of accept that you're in the type of relationship where you don't ever have to use contraceptives ever again, you sort of forget that they're even a thing. Not to mention the fact that, if I had even thought about it at the time, I wouldn't have considered that this could even go beyond, you know,
"Yeah," he said, and his voice sounded a little strained, but Tony couldn't tell from what or why. "Just, uh, an interesting visual there."
The colors were more stereotypically feminine than what he was used to, but there was an exam table (with...
He thought about it and said, "The armor might be cool to get married in. Think Steve would like it?"
Rhodey just exhaled a breath and sat down next to him on the couch. "Yeah, well," he said and picked up the box with the Avengers mobile in it. He looked at it, inspected it, then turned to Tony and said, "Look, the nursery stuff is cute, but please tell me you drew the line at sex toys."
Had Olivia only learned it from him or was it some kind of 'magic' as that Cap had said? "You mean who I let her go back with?"
With a snuffle, Tony looked up at him, silent, the dim streetlight bouncing off of Tony's dark eyes.
Whatever. Not like it mattered. Steve was going to leave him anyway — was going to find the courage to finally go out and 'find himself' after all these years now that he'd gotten Barnes back again. Find the courage to lead the live he wanted rather than the life he'd been forced into.
"Yeah," he said as he went over to her, and he bent down and brushed his lips over the top of her relatively bald head, fine wisps of light-colored hair being about the only thing there. "Papa grumbles a lot, doesn't he?" he cooed at her, and she gurgled happily and waved her arms up and down, smacking her small fists on the tray for the highchair.
He swirled his diabetes-inducing concoction with one of the cheap flatware spoons that had been folded into a paper napkin, and Steve folded his arms on the table and said, "You're more sensitive than you like to admit."
Tony picked his head up and looked at him, eyes glazed and flush spread from his cheeks down to his chest. "We never had any use for them before."
He was standing in front of the mirror, rinsing his mouth out, when he remembered why he and Steve had even gotten out of the city in the first place, and he frowned and shut the light off and went back downstairs to ask Natasha if it had blown over, only to see that both she and Wilson had left, and only Bruce and Thor remained, talking quietly, Bruce's face pinched in concern while Thor sat looking somber and contemplative. They both looked up as Tony approached, and Bruce smiled some and said, "Aren't you supposed to be in bed?"
Steve — deserves this more than anyone I know. And that he and you are, technically, the same person…"
think that!" Barton cried. "I'm saying that's the way they'll report it! Yes, I know you're pregnant. It's a beautiful thing. But honestly, you are
"Mmm…my apartment, my sausage," was all Tony could be bothered to say, as he'd completely forgotten about the dried blood covering the front of Steve's uniform and had nestled himself into Steve's embrace. Steve's arms really felt
"Friends," Thor said as Steve was gearing up to counter Bruce's comment, "I am afraid you are misunderstanding the entire point of the Goddess's spell. It was not one done with malice or ill intent. It is not her intention to cause him any harm."
"Oh, yeah," he said and turned to Steve. "Incidentally, the designer that Pepper paid a fortune for kind of got to second base with me before."
"I don't care, Steve! I don't care if it's your fault I got knocked up." He groaned and shivered a little. "God, I can't believe I just uttered those words. But I don't care, Steve. I get it. I understand that you feel bad that you knocked me up, but saying you're sorry isn't going to change the fact." He jabbed a finger in Steve's sternum and added, "And I swear to god, if the words 'We're pregnant' ever come out of your mouth, I am going to cut your balls off."
Tony nodded and considered this a moment. Steve went back to eating his gargantuan amount of food, and he watched him for a minute or so then said, "Well, I'm not going to be like this forever. Just another, what, three— four months or something?"
ever do to him? Call me crazy, but some of that shit comes off kinda personal. You didn't spend a magical night with him and then never call him again, did you?"
"JARVIS, turn the lights off and close up. I'm done here for the day. It's Christmas. I'm going to see my family."
She frowned a little and tilted her head in confusion, but Bruce just shook his head and said, "Never mind. I'll tell you when you're older."
"Wait," Barnes said, seeming to forget about the milk for the moment as he turned to Tony. "Are you a woman for the rest of your life or something?"
"It's not a vintage wine. Trust me, it—" He made a face and put a hand to his swollen breasts. "There's more where it came from. And speaking of that—" He got up from the chair. "Think I better go make some more of it before I explode."
"I've never met anyone that will fight me the way that you do and not give up. And I've never met anyone that I've
And then, through the repulsor blasts of his own firefight, Tony heard the sounds of a tussle, and there was a lull enough in the action for him to hear Barnes's voice come through Steve's comm — an angry, animalistic growl that sounded a hell of a lot like, "
Tony just snuggled into the sheets and waved him off. "Yeah, yeah," he muttered. "I'll be here when you get back."
Pepper ordered an espresso and got a lot less attitude for it, and as they stood at the counter and waited, a young woman in a tailored ensemble brushed past them, pausing for a moment when she realized that the CEO of Stark Industries was getting caffeine at a hole-in-the-wall in Brooklyn.
He let his hand drop from Steve's mouth, and Steve reached up and kissed him. Tony closed his eyes as their lips met, but he still heard Wilson mutter, "Ugh. Looks like I'm joining the Diabetes Club," just as several more footsteps announced their presence, and Steve and Tony broke their kiss to see Barton and Thor stomping onto the jet, Barton with his bow and quiver and Thor with Mjolnir.
And, as though to prove Tony's words, she held the cookie back out to Steve. Steve made a face, and he looked between Olivia, the soppy cookie in her hand, Tony, the cookie, Olivia, and back to Tony again.
The song ended, but Tony held fast to Steve, hand firm on his shoulder, cheek tight against his. Steve didn't even bother to ask if he wanted to stay out there for another song. He just started to sway with him again as the band launched into another standard, and he would have gladly stayed there if not for Pepper saying from behind him, "I'm sorry— Steve?"
"And people think I'm the sex-obsessed one," he murmured and closed his eyes a moment. Huh, it actually felt kind of good to relax his eyes.
" he yelled and held his hand against the newly over-sensitized area, surprise still written all over his face.
with Captain America. But that was the muscly guy on the poster that was like the second coming and this perfect and noble and just and heroic, larger- than-life superman of righteousness."
He gasped as he felt Steve finger his hole, the lube cold on his fingers, and he moaned out another wanton breath again as Steve worked him and worked him, slowly, carefully, gently, stretching him with first one finger then two and then three, applying more lube as needed, until he felt the tip of a plug being inserted into him.
She nodded and took the last bite of her sandwich. "Yeah," she said with a mouthful of bread, peanut butter, and jelly. "They've always been married."
Tony actually seemed relieved to hear that — like he wasn't sure that passing up his best pal for his ex-gal had been the right choice.
But maybe not as stupid as it had been. Because some stupid fucking voice in the back of his head said that he might not have Steve any longer, but at least he had his child. A little baby girl with dark eyes and a voracious appetite, and god, if nursing wasn't just the weirdest sensation he'd ever endured—
"Whatever," he said unfolding his arms and and waving his hands in the air like he was wiping away the conversation. "Look, are you taking me to one of those joints or am I going with you and Brucie to this boring-ass— Wait! No! That's not the word!" he cried at Steve's pointedly raised eyebrows. "This highly intellectual and stimulating show of appreciation for some dead chick with a camera?"
So, Bruce split the difference and said he'd use the bathroom attached to the lab. This meant Barnes was enlisted to wheel the gurney over to the bathroom door so that Tony had a front-row view for where Bruce ever-so-gently and tenderly gave Olivia her first bath, the baby squawking a bit uncomfortably as she found herself away from the comforting embrace of her…well, technically, Tony supposed he was her mother. Bruce cooed at her a little, and Tony was actually a bit surprised to find that he was kind of a natural with her, tending to her almost in the gentle and caring way a father would.
"Yeah, well," he said and turned back to the computer to close out the program. "Not my fault he didn't live long enough to be able to.
Steve relaxed into his seat, the makings of a genuine smile trying desperately to spread itself over his lips. He hated to admit it, but there was something oddly comfortable about being with Tony. The back-and-forth came easy, and the camaraderie was easy, and sure, Tony was almost twenty years older than he was, but he was still a rather handsome man with gorgeous eyes and a stubborn chin that Steve just itched to draw. He felt
He hadn't even thought about it before, but now that he was aware, it really hurt that Pepper wasn't going to make it. Sure, there was the history between them, but they were friends first and foremost, and he totally wanted her there for his big day.
"Coffee break and to get your fucking twenty bucks out of the ATM." He looked at Steve, added an annoyed, "I hate you," to him, then left, muttering something under his breath that Steve couldn't make out, though he assumed it was about him.
"Captain America's not saying it," Steve said with a curt shake of his head. "Not in any official capacity, anyway. I am."
"Uh, who else?" Bucky asked, and Steve glanced at Tony, who glanced back up at him. Both Bucky and Sam seemed to catch the motion, as they next glanced to each other before they turned back to Steve and Tony, more hesitant and cautious than before.
He rolled his eyes. "Why does everyone keep asking me that? Do you really think that just because I have tits and a vagina I suddenly forgot how to make decisions for myself?"
Steve to put it inside of him already. He honestly couldn't ever remember begging any other partner, well,
He shrugged. "Yeah, but, really, is anyone going to believe it? We can say it however loudly or however much we want. Doesn't mean they'll believe it."
He looked to Tony, who was now standing in front of Jim and demanding to be handed his daughter, Jim arguing back that Tony got to see her every damned day and Tony not buying that in the least. Thor was on Tony's side, explaining to Jim that Olivia was his daughter and it was only a natural part of the mother-daughter bond that Tony would be so possessive over her. The 'mother' part of Thor's explanation made Jim shake his head in disbelief and Bucky grimace as he no doubt recalled watching Olivia come into the world while Natasha said something sly about how Pepper was probably allowed to hold the baby as much as she wanted — being the one deemed adequate enough to be chosen guardian in the event of Steve and Tony's early demises.
of all places, but he doesn't want to talk about that. Just wants to keep reliving the good old days and talk about random shit that happened in 1935.
"You're forcing him to bear a life quite possibly at the expense of his own because you think it's funny to play with people's emotions."
"Nothing," Tony answered quickly, "just an in— Oh, shit. I just sent that to all the Avengers, which means you got it, too." He glanced up and tweaked a smile at Steve. "Don't get too mad at me. Also, don't get too mad at the others when they 'shop it and make it into some sort of motivational poster."
But he didn't know if Barnes had informed Natasha or Bruce or Hill of what he'd already informed him, and not wanting to get into it then, he just said, "I did what I had to do."
," Natasha murmured to him, leaning forward and pressing her cheek to his. "You're doing so good. Just a few more pushes, OK? Just a few more pushes until you can meet your baby."
Tony rolled his eyes and waved him off. "Never mind," he muttered, not feeling the need to explain the quirks of geriatric former politicians to the youngest geriatric in the world.
Olivia had begun to fall asleep on his shoulder, and he led his family through the living room, right in front of the TV — to the dismay of the others who grumbled and complained that Steve was blocking their view — and he ushered Tony over to the stairs and dropped his arm from Tony's shoulders only to reach out and take hold of his hand to lead him up the stairs.
Steve wasn't convinced, jaw set and a hardness in his eyes like he was angry at himself for something. "But you shouldn't — you shouldn't break down into
Steve just sat there, slouched in his chair, looking at Tony out of the corner of his eye like he was just
Steve set his glass down as well, and he folded his arms, tucking his hands into his armpits. "I don't want them throwing any baby showers for you."
"Because I was afraid he was too…compromised…by the whole thing. Sometimes, he can't see the forest for the trees. He means well, but he gets in over his head. But he's so giving, and he loves so much, and I was afraid he'd do something stupid like make himself absolutely miserable for me. I never wanted him to do that. I couldn't live with myself if he was miserable just because he thought I was happy. I would have done anything for him. I just wanted him to be happy. I let him go because I thought it was the right thing to do."
He pulled away from Steve's arms, talking to the baby as he left, and Steve turned back to Bucky and Sam, who were still standing there side-by-side and looking after Tony as he went into the kitchen. After he had, Bucky motioned in the direction he'd gone in and said, "What did her shirt say?"
"Sit, Steve," he said, making himself comfortable on the coffee table and settling the child on his lap, the mugs pushed aside as he sat to face the couch. He turned up to look at him. "The sooner you do this, the easier it'll be for both of us."
He reached in and grabbed the bottle of orange juice, and he grabbed a glass from the cabinet and settled down to his plate. He propped up the tablet Steve had left lying there and pulled up a current news station feed and only half-paid attention to it as the host droned on about some sort of turmoil on Capitol Hill before he saw his own image reflected back at him — or what had been his image up until a few months ago.
"Look, guys?" Barton said, cutting in and earning death glares from both of them. He shivered and said, "Uh, yeah, look, clearly you two have a
She pointed more toward a clearing in the middle of the room. "That would be better. I don't need you falling back and cracking your head on the table. Your bonded will be absolutely unbearable to deal with if that were ever to happen."
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes, throwing his hands up in the air. "Why do I even bother?" he asked the sky. "Why?" He turned his attention back to Steve. "Who the
He set the black thing down rather casual-like, and Steve raised an eyebrow and said, "I don't think you hate this stuff as much as you pretend to."
, until he spied a small wrapped package on a lower shelf. He pulled it out and saw that it was an Italian sub with a fresh sell-by date, which meant Steve had probably bought it yesterday when he'd been out shopping.
it to be real, wanted it so much to be real because if it wasn't? If it didn't happen? If he had gotten a taste of something that he might actually have fantasized about deep down once or twice and realized how much he really wanted it — or maybe
Tony made a 'hmm' sound and looked at the picture they made in the mirror together. Not bad, but then, even in his other body, he and Steve had always 'looked right' as a couple. "So, you won't be embarrassed to be seen with me?"
"Hmm…yeah, well, clearly you don't know him as well as you think you do then," Tony said. But Barnes let out another breath and murmured a sad, "
Hill was standing in the middle of the penthouse living area when they got back a little while after that, the rest of their stroll taken in comfortable silence, tablet in-hand and a none-too-pleased look on her face.
He met her clear, soft gaze, happiness and pride shining back at him. He smiled a little despite himself, and she smiled as well and said, "I know. I'm so happy for you, Tony. I wish I could have been there in person—"
Thoughts of possession dancing in his head, he found himself painfully hard again, and as Tony panted before him, he dug hard, possessive fingers into Tony's hips and held him tight as he thrust into him, unrelenting and desperate in his need to...to...mark Tony. Make Tony his. Permanently.
Something sharp came over Natasha's face for only a moment before it was replaced once again by gentle concern.
"Oh, I do. That half-pitched tent in your pants kind of gives you away — unless there's something going on between you and Barton you haven't told me?"
The rest of the drive over to Brooklyn was punctuated by light, carefree banter and memories of earlier and less harried days. Tony was even able to forget, for just a moment, his reality and lose himself in bickering with Pepper just like they used to do, the occasional frank utterance from Happy filling in the gaps.
Olivia just pressed her face into Steve's shoulder again, and the man turned his attention to Tony and said, "Hey, Merry Christmas, man," and put his hand out for a shake, but Tony slapped it away and pulled him in for a hug.
"Hey, Olivia," Bruce said in his most cheerful voice, crouching down to her level. "Are you hungry?"
He just swallowed and nodded, but as he drew his attention to his core and felt his way through that achy, sad feeling in his chest, he realized one very odd, very important fact.
" Steve murmured like the expression was foreign to him, evidently not hearing or not caring about the 'Asgardian homebrew' comment, and Tony shook his head and said to Barton, "Yeah, I don't think that expression even
Steve gave him a funny look, partly-bemused, partly like he wondered what in the world Tony had just said, and Tony put his hands up in defense and said, "Hey, I'm just trying to speak your language, old man."
"Stop it. Just stop it. I’m on to you. I know your game. I know this is a trap of some kind. I don't understand its purpose, but I know it's a trap." He ran a hand through his — damned short — hair and clenched the other in a fist. Then, in what was probably one of his less-brilliant plans, he eyed the front door and made a break for it.
He wanted nothing more than to cradle that beautiful idiot in his arms and forever shield him from all the ills of the world because, well…
"Nope," Olivia replied, and of course she did. Tony would have to have been nuts to think she wouldn't weigh in on it. "'cept sometimes, at night, when I have a bad dream or I need a drink'a water and I can't get in your room right away, and you have to tell me to wait 'cuz you're busy playin' and you gotta put your toys 'way first. I don't know why I can't come in when you 'n' Daddy 're playin'. You come in my room when I'm playing with my toys."
. Again, what's the point of that? The baby doesn't have any concept of time. It's floating around in a bubble of goo and gets fed through a tube in its stomach. Talk about a fucking charmed life."
Steve closed his eyes and dropped his hand, pulling into himself. "I'm sorry," he murmured. "I'm sorry. I'm trying. I'm really trying. It's just…" He opened his eyes but wouldn't look at Tony. "I can't help it. I see you, like that, and I know that you're… And I know that it's mine, and I just… I can't help it." He turned to him, pleading etched over his face. "I'm trying, Tony. I know you're not... I understand that. I just… Part of me won't accept that. Part of me sees that and—"
Rhodey had his head in his hands, and he shook his head some before he pulled his hands away a little and said, "Did you just call me the name of the most phallic-looking mollusk in the world
"Why? Does it bother you? Does it offend you when I do that? Oh, I wouldn't want to hurt your feelings, Steve. You are going through quite the trying time here."
Steve's only response to that was to reach out and grab him to kiss him like he would never again have the chance, and when he pulled away, he murmured a breathy, "Square deal," and jumped up from the bed.
He held on tighter and cried into Natasha's shoulder, and Natasha went from murmuring words to singing them, a lullaby she had probably learned as a child, whether as a false memory or not. She rubbed his back and rocked him a little, and he stood there crying in her embrace until another one of those fucking pains overcame him, and he pulled away and braced against the workstation tabletop again, gritting his teeth and going through his calculations and doing everything he could to block out the pain or make it as small as he could.
