Benny chuckled at Dean’s blush. “Michael, my boy, you seem to have been born with a wolf who thinks he’s god, and nearly has the strength to back up his claim. He’s a handful, I can tell you that. You got a tight grip on that leash?” Benny asked.
“How did he know?  Bela told him,” Dean concluded.  “They were working together.”
Jess walked in with her head high but a pink tinge to the tips of her ears.  She spoke with practiced care.  “Miss Blake, I was rude to you last night.  I wasted your time and put your work at risk.”  Jess looked right at Sarah.  She spoke sincerely, but there was an edge that told Sarah Jess never would have offered this apology voluntarily.  “I apologize profusely.  It won’t happen again.  I’d like to reschedule at your convenience.”  A lightning fast dart of hazel-brown eyes to where Castiel sat with his fingers laced and steepled beneath his chin begged his forbearance.  Jess put her eyes back on Sarah’s before lowering them.
Dean flowed upward to his feet, and he turned the alarm off.  He took a deep breath at the door, turned his office light out, and slipped naked into the hallway.
“Folks, can we get you to exit through the rear doors?”
“No.  I lied to him.  I told him he was being punished for fighting in public, for attacking you, his mate.”  Cas didn’t flinch, but he was clearly troubled.
She nodded again.  “Sir, don’t forget about Dean.  He needs to talk to you tonight.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Michael lied. “Just…you’re sure you pegged it hard enough?”
But it was done now.
“Yes, Sir.”  Dean found his footing and pulled himself the fuck together.  God, he loved this dance, this feeling, this connection.  Time to prove he was no amateur who let nerves get the best of him, even as nerves zinged from his thumping heart to every extremity and back again.  He stopped backing up, earning an appreciative half-smirk from his Sir.
Dean put his arm around her and led her into the coffeeshop. “Michael got his ass blistered because he needed it, not because of what he said.”
“Oh. Yes. We’ve got a Pack member convalescing in one of the lower rooms. She won’t be needing dessert, Tony. If you like, you may enjoy the last one yourself.” Michael spoke with authority, and Tony couldn’t have known to check with the Alpha before bowing politely and ducking out.
“You should’ve chosen a woman,” Dean said in resignation.
Cas chuckled cheerfully and ambled slowly across the hall.  “Go write your notes up before you forget anything.  List out any questions you still have.”  He took hold of the doorknob and looked back over his shoulder.  “You’ll be here for April’s birthday dinner on Tuesday, won’t you?”
Cas didn’t hesitate.  He took the glass and downed it, leaning his head way back and clenching his eyes tightly closed.  He gritted his teeth after he swallowed and then slowly exhaled.
Michael’s hands tangled in her hair as she moved, not pressing exactly, but guiding. He felt the wolf nudge back from where he’d just shoved it, but he didn’t allow it back in yet. The wolf was offended at lesbians in a way he wasn’t with straight men, although he’d never understood the difference. It was different to his wolf though. Women were different. Who were they to cast aside one such as Michael? That was the wolf though. It wasn’t Michael himself. Like Castiel, Michael had known his wolf had a dark side for some time, and he had learned to control when and where that side got to see the light of day.
“I see.”
“The investigators found some interesting and incriminating evidence at the blast site.  That’s not public knowledge yet, of course, but Bobby has an inside guy, so he gets the inside scoop.  Apparently, Gordon and Peter were both dicks-deep in all kinds of shady shit.”
She chuckled. “I’m not a Domme, no. She doesn’t need a Domme, officer. She needs an alpha.”
“I vetted him myself,” Cas put in unhelpfully, and Dean glared at him.
“It’s not funny, Omega,” he’d said petulantly. “I was worried about you. I hate seeing you in pain, and I realized that I’d never made clear to you that you are more than my physical, chemical mate. Do you have even the first idea how important you are to me?”
“And your front-brain is the part of you that keeps the other two aspects portioned at the right ratio. It all makes sense.” Michael was alight with the enthusiasm of epiphany. “I do it consciously. It takes a lot of focus to get it together and hold it long enough to put on the show I want to do. You’ve been doing it so long, you don’t even think about it anymore. Christ, it’s amazing, Dean! That’s it. I couldn’t put my finger on it before, but that’s it!”
Dean chuckled in a self-effacing way and shot a look at Castiel.  “I’ll be back.  And I’ll be everything you guys need me to be.  Thanks for keeping it going without me, Sammy, Charlie.  All you guys.  Thanks for the song.  It meant the world to me.  Y’all know I was joking about being put out, I hope.  Most of all, thanks for giving me the space to be real, to be human, to have days when I can’t quite cut it.  Your support makes us Pack, folks.  I know you’ve got my back.  And you know I’ve got yours.”  Dean let out a deep breath, feeling his tension ease, surprised to realize how very tense he’d been.
mate, your Omega.  It’s your decision to make.  But you’re fighting a battle from the wrong side right now, Dean.  It’s fear and nothing else that’s making that decision for you.  Don’t let fear choose your course.  You know where that leads.  Look at your mate.  He’s Omega, and he’s in need.  He’s asking for help from his alpha.  He needs your support and your assurance that his voice matters.  It’s really that simple.  The rest is fear.  We can’t make people love a dominant Omega.  We can’t turn the tide overnight.  But we can refuse to perpetuate the false limits.  I believe he can do this, Dean, and I believe he’s the right person for the job.  I can’t envision anyone more suited.  It’s not our job as alphas to put chains around our mates’ limbs to keep them from harm.  Those chains are a harm in and of themselves.  April convinced me I was right there doing exactly that, and I was wrong to do that to her.  Dean, it’s our job to cut the shackles off and to stand guard to keep any more of them from taking hold.”
He leaned down and kissed her throat softly, carefully, his thumb passing across her nipple and causing a shudder in its wake. Not being able to feel the essence of that shudder in his own body sent a soft growl escaping from between his lips. Her hand snaked back to pull at the back of his neck until his hot breath coursed along her collarbone, and he had to pull up onto his knees behind her.
Pam shook her head and kept eating, keeping her face impassive as Sam spilled his frustration on her.
Cas knelt behind them, worked his arms beneath Michael’s hips and used his strength to pull them both closer to the edge. Michael yelped a bit and flailed for purchase, but Dean didn’t so much as shift. Their tie didn’t pull at all with the motion. Castiel caressed Dean’s round ass in genuine appreciation of the utterly perfect aesthetic.
“We’ve always had a bond, Kitten, just not a wide one. But you’re right. I couldn’t feel him the way I do you. I still can’t. No, I tempered myself from inside my own head. That provided the guardrails we needed to play safely. I never let my wolf off-leash without standing by in my front-brain as a spotter. I never left him completely alone with my wolf as I just did you. What I just did with you, Kitten, that was extremely dangerous.”
Dean regrouped, shaking his head. “He let Jody put a rope corset on him, Cas. He’s a nineteen. That’s not just a number. It makes sense, right, that he’s brushing shoulders with the clouds and the angels and god and the crew, but that doesn’t explain why he would submit to any authority but yours, not when he can do
“Let him take what he needs, pup. Don’t hold him down like that.” Castiel moved back, looking worried. He wasn’t a complete prude, and even at fourteen, he’d seen things. Lewd things. But this was his own brother, who was bleeding and in pain, overheated and overwrought and exhausted. The alpha who was pressing his cock deep into his brother was a trusted family friend. It wasn’t that Castiel thought he was going to harm Gabriel, but he knew the contact had to hurt. He just wanted it all over. He didn’t like that Gabe’s face registered intense pain even as he got his arms beneath him and pressed his body back into deeper contact with the alpha, but he pulled away and let them be.
“His ass is burning from the spanking and my hands holding him so tightly. It’s making the sting even worse. My cock is driving against his rim, and sometimes he feels it catch, but it never goes in. There’s a flash of disappointment when that happens. Jesus, it feels too good, but not good enough, like a tease. The hood of his car is slick and uncomfortable beneath him. He’s having trouble keeping himself stable. Brace your feet, Dean! Hold yourself steady with your legs. Engage your core.” Michael slid thoughtlessly from Cas’ Omega into Dean’s front-brain Dominant. Dean’s answering whine sent a dribble of pre-come spurting from Michael’s tip.
The punishment was going wrong. All wrong. Yeah, it wasn’t fun, it hurt like hell, and he would most decidedly find a way to avoid riling up this particular beta again if he could, but he wasn’t living in his Submissive. He shouldn’t have been able to occupy his alpha mind right in the middle of a punishment that he had coming to him. That’d never happened to him before. It was fucking with his head. It was entirely the wrong persona for the situation, but he just couldn’t get there. And god, he needed so badly to get there. He moaned in frustration. And rage.
“Look at me when I’m speaking to you, Omega,” snapped the Alpha, and Michael’s head popped up.
“I am a
He pushed the door open and left Sarah in the hallway.  Dean was naked again, kneeling in the middle of the room with his calm eyes facing the door.  As Cas entered, the green of Dean’s eyes struck him as radiant.  They connected immediately, flashing their double-bond to a brilliant life of its own.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night,” Cain laughed back.
Michael looked to be reflecting on his own words for a moment and then he sniffed and sauntered back to the table and casually dropped the eleven, the thirteen, and the one. The fifteen was trapped, so Michael’s eyes tracked the five, judging his chances and calculating angles. He frowned. He wasn’t near the player Dean was.
“You’re a disgrace, Castiel!” she spat. “You and your disgusting perversions. You make me sick! You make me ashamed to be your mother!”  Castiel was angry enough that deep pink spots formed on his upper cheeks, and his teeth ground in his head as he took his mother’s abuse. “You’ve got them all brainwashed somehow into your repulsive, delusional freak-show of a cult. I want you out of this house! I want you out today!”
“Thanks Gabriel.”
Rachel watched him go with wonder on her face.
They stood and watched the moonlight spill over the duck pond and set the live oak tree to a silver glow. Cas took a shaky breath. “I want to ask you a favor. I’m a little nervous to ask.”
Cas had instructed Dean to stay seated as much as possible.  If there was a chair, and it wouldn’t be socially awkward, he expected Dean to occupy the chair.  Dean’s ass burned with a constant thrum that sent a stream of arousal through his body.  A fucking would hurt too much to attempt, but he wanted to… He just wanted.
“We’ll see.  If he dumps me on my ass again, I’m done.  I mean it.”
Up on the stage behind them, the band cut off.  It had been quietly underpinning the murmur of voices with gentle instrumentals.  Into the silence that followed, a snare drum rolled.
“Cas,” she protested.  “I’m not built for that.  I feel stupid trying to act like a dominant.”
“Exactly.  Michael, you saw Dean’s Z-Rating.  You need to know that’s not just a number.  He’s pretty far out there in terms of what he likes and needs.  Did he give you his hard limit list?”  Michael nodded absently as he pulled out a dildo bigger than his fist.  “It’s very short, isn’t it?”  Cas made certain Michael knew he wasn’t talking about the dildo.
“Hands behind your back, Submissive,” Cas whispered. Dean let go of his Alpha’s arms and took his left wrist in his right hand behind his back. Castiel spread his knees, widening Dean’s too. Cas braced him and kissed down his throat to his clavicle, nibbling and licking as he went.
After a while, the sun sank low, and the two mates quieted again to a somber, comfortable silence.  They were both tired.  Dean held his mate to his chest.  “I don’t know if this is going to make things easier for us or harder,” he mused.  “I like that I get to see and feel your Omega now.  He’s a really chill guy, and I like him, but Jesus, Michael, your wolf is always going to want to be out front.  How do we balance that?”
Dean aborted a step forward. She didn’t need him that close. Not right now. “You don’t owe us any bootlicking, Kate. It’s okay to be pissed. Is Michael using this mess to gain some experience? Yeah. Definitely. Does that mean it’s not genuine? You’ll have to answer that for yourself. Give him a chance though. All right?”
He took her into his arms when she waddled uncomfortably out of the restroom and kissed her head.  “I love you dearly,” he said simply.  “Please be good for me, April.”
“Easy there, Alpha,” he cautioned. “I think I’m wearing bruises this morning.”
“April, please.  I don’t mean to be rude.  Your mother carries a sour aftertaste in her scent.  It’s the smell of regret and resentment.  She covers for it well, but she has been stifled by her own mate.  This is why she pushed for you to leave Oklahoma for your training.  There was a brand-spanking-new training facility an hour’s drive from your home.  I’m forever grateful to her for sending you to us instead.  You would have been horribly abused there.  But, April, she wanted to give you a chance to get far away from your father’s repressive hand.  Love, your mother saved you from the life that’s strangled her.  I need you to believe I’m not imagining what I’ve seen.  She’s a wonderful woman, but she’s essentially powerless.  You don’t have to be.”
“Stay with me…” he mumbled.  His nausea was calming down, and his head didn’t hurt quite so badly.
Cas spent two hours at the mundane tasks of a Facility Director.  It was officially Administrative Boredom.  This was not what he got into research to do, but it was what he needed right now – mundane, mindless tasks: schedules and rosters, budgets, funding, approvals, reviews, planning.  Cas was finally starting to lose himself in the mindlessness of his work.  It took several minutes for his conscious mind to clue in to what he was beginning to smell.
“Try again, please, to get a copy to review,” said Cas empirically. “I want a heads-up if it turns on us in any way.”
“No.”
Dean smiled in her direction, although he couldn’t really see her with the lights in his eyes.  He considered the question a moment as if it weren’t the single most frequently asked question at conventions.  “So, it really depends on the situation and the circumstances.  When I’m working, it’s all about the needs of whoever I’m with, you know?  When it’s play though…” he stopped and chuckled, a little abashed “I guess it still depends on who I’m with and what I’m looking for.  I like to switch it up.  A word of warning though for you alpha- and beta-Subs out there, and any Primates in the audience, this is for you too.  Listen up.  Anal sex is way more complicated for non-Omegas.  If you don’t have a channel, you have to be
“That’s right,” he said, far more quietly than she, leading her to lower her volume. “You will be a big sister when the babies come. You’re going to make such a good big sister, Kat. Papa’s always so proud of his big girl.”
“Yes, I believe you covered that point adequately this afternoon,” Cas said snippily. Dean pulled up short.
“Whose were the green eyes?” Michael asked.
“You’re more Submissive than she is?” he asked in wonder.
Dean texted back.
“Which one is furthest from Castiel?”  Michael broke in.
He was right. Cas mumbled an uncomfortable retraction of his no-touching-the-Ozzie rule, but he made clear that any touching would only ever be sanctioned in his presence and at his and April’s mutual permission. Castiel had to fight the possessive clench of his gut. His wolf wanted to rip Michael’s throat out. His alpha jutted out its chest and attempted an insurrection based upon Pack Alpha primacy rights. Cas knew they would come around with time, but he worried about the interim. He set them both quietly to rights in his head, suppressing their rebellion with a firm internal grip that left a hard line across his lips.
“How do you see our foursome going from here, Dean?” he asked at last, placing a knee back on the bed, but not going further.
Cas took a deep breath, angled Dean’s chin up to meet his lips and then pressed their foreheads together with his eyes closed.  “Go.  Go check up on our pack.  Send me word as soon as you know something, even if I’m in the middle of a live broadcast.”
“Everything’s canceled?” April asked in a small voice. “I have commitments.”
“Alpha!  You have to come quick!  Meg’s having a nervous breakdown!”  Cas turned.  Becky catapulted around the corner and down the hall toward him.  His advice to Michael about needing quick access to a Dominant presentation on little notice fresh in his head, Castiel glared at her, and she pulled up sharp with terrified eyes.
Castiel bit his bottom lip. Dean sounded so hopeful. He sounded strong and sure. He sounded alpha. He looked up hopefully and met Dean’s green eyes. “How do we stop the testing, Dean? I’m afraid of the next one. I’m afraid you’ll feel a need to turn up the volume.”
He moaned in agonized pleasure and rocked backward, spurting a fourth round inside his mate, who felt the orgasm both physically and metaphysically, in stereo.
She nodded.  Her ass throbbed.  Her heartbeat slowed back down slowly, and she could feel it in the curve of her butt.
Michael slipped his jeans off and pulled the slacks on in their place, tugging the elastic panel into place and testing the give of the upper band.  He checked his backside out in the mirror with a glance over his shoulder while holding his shirttail out of the way.  “I will, alpha.  I’m going to keep my promise.”
“You can go on home, alpha,” April told her.  “I’m not doing this.  I don’t need it, and he can go fuck himself if he thinks he’s staying.”
He pressed his remote’s button and brought up upon the large screen a drawing of a male Omega’s lower abdomen, his genitalia, digestive tract, and reproductive structures.  “Your class is far enough into the semester that I know you’ve learned about the reproductive structures of your own Homo Sapiens’ anatomy.  (And by the way, parenthetically, I will be mostly using the terms ape and wolf to distinguish between the populations.  It’s just easier that way.  Please note that I am aware you are not apes any more than we are wolves.   I reject the notion that Homo Sapiens are somehow more entitled to the terms, ‘human’ or ‘people’ and I will not be using those terms.  I do beg your forbearance and ask that for the purposes of this lecture, you please just go with it.)”
“Hands. Behind. Your. Back.”
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Adam backpedaled, but to no avail.
“Yeah, yeah, we did! She helped tons!”
“Thanks, Bobby.  Thank you, everyone.  We’re heading back out now.”  Cas hung up and checked that the address had come through by text.  He looked up at Alpha Lancet.  “You heard?”  The Alpha nodded.  “Any reservations?  Now’s the time to say so if you have them.”
The last day of the second quarter was chaotic at The Facility. Castiel was being summoned to Oklahoma to answer questions before a panel of FBI investigators. He booked a flight on Saturday with April, planning to visit the in-laws while he was there. The FBI interview was on Tuesday, on Independence Day. Dean’s Rut was due in a week, but there was no way to know if it would Trigger on-time or stall due to Michael’s Heat pheromones dragging at it. Also, another birthday was upon him, and he’d been allowed to know when and where his
Sarah had most of her belongings packed already.  She had time left on her lease, but it seemed advisable to run to ground sooner rather than later.  Dr. Meyer had been arrested,
Dean assumed an annoyed, put-upon face.  “Fine.
“All right, Omega. Take a minute to get yourself back together. I’m in no rush.” Michael’s breathing was erratic as he continued to cry harshly into Castiel’s now less-than-pristine bedspread. Sam wrapped his left hand around Michael’s ribs and held him tight. “When you go back out there, just talk to Dean. Apologize for your mistake. Let him know you care about him. You know what to do. He loves you, and he’ll forgive you, but you need to listen to him and include him in your plans.”
***************
human beings, Cas. You don’t
Dean struggled. “I’m in my wolf, Babe. I need a jumpstart to get out of it. I don’t wanna knot you as a Sub. That’d just be…”
“Almost never,” Dean laughed. “I better get back there…just in case. You two got the puppies?”
He slipped in behind the man, and Dean let go of the girl enough to roll onto his back.
“Hey, Munchkins. Shh, pay attention. Merida is about to see the will-o-the-wisp. Look.” He directed them back to the screen, and they followed his finger and fell back into slack-jawed stupor.
Castiel sat frozen in place.  He looked terrified.  It was an expression Dean had never seen on his face before, and he nearly laughed at how adorable the Alpha was.  He didn’t laugh though.  He waited.  Dean could tell Castiel was thinking it through.
Dean sighed heavily and went boneless over the couch.  “Yes,” he recited.  “I let someone besides Michael or Sam have a crack at my ass.  Really, man?  You’re still on about that?  Aren’t you ever gonna get over it?”
more balanced.”
“I threw it out.  You weren’t here to eat it, and I had no way of knowing that you were planning to join me this evening, so I assumed you had made other plans.”  Sam’s voice held cold, restrained fury that Jess didn’t appear to notice.  He didn’t move.
Cas deferred to Dean on nearly everything.  He didn’t care about the menu or the flowers.  April had custody of the music.  Michael was managing the guestlist.  Kali was in charge of everything textile.  Pastor Jim had agreed to officiate, and both men had already asked their respective brothers to stand for them.  They were down to the details.  Sharon talked them through the plan to empty the space of most of the guests following the formal marriage ceremony without engendering offense by those who might feel slighted that they weren’t invited to watch Dean get plowed.  Neither man particularly cared whether anyone was offended.  Everyone who mattered to them would have a red invitation and be welcome inside the curtain.
“Mm,” Cas hummed.  “That’s a common concern for people at the beginning of their careers.  And it’s largely true.  The thing is, learning it the first time is the hardest part.  After that, you’ll forget and relearn the same information again and again, and each time it gets easier.  It’s far easier to relearn something you once knew that to learn something from scratch.”
“Where?” she asked.  “Where are you going to aim?”
“I’m strong enough, alpha,” she told him with no lead in, turning to face him with her chin high and her shoulders back. “I’m strong enough for Gabriel. I may not look like much, and I’m not alpha. But he would be safe with me, as safe as he is anywhere.”
“How many tally marks did you count this morning, Omega?”
Dean sighed. “That’s ridiculous. You set this whole thing up to try to goad Sam into kicking Cain’s ass. But, seriously, man, Sam doesn’t have the juice, not in a challenge like this. We’re not doing anything down there but reinforcing the way things already stand. Alphas sit on top for a reason. I don’t care how dominant Sam is. He can’t beat Cain in a Claim battle.”
“I don’t have anything prepared. I’m gonna make a fool of myself.”
“Let’s move on to our roles and how that all works,” prompted Michael.
“Aren’t you supposed to be something of an expert, alpha?” she asked. “Are you telling me that Omegas don’t need to be owned body and spirit? That they’ve somehow grown the capacity to manage themselves? Has the world turned upside-down since I left India? Are alphas wearing the leashes now? Is the beta population in charge?”
(You can do this, kid.  You do it all the time.  Who gives a fuck if someone else sees?), the wolf pushed him.
It was something.
“I have plans for you both,” said Cas, dropping Michael’s foot and throwing him off balance. He scrabbled for balance on the bed, scooting upward. His cock throbbed and bobbed against his belly. “I need to know I’ve got your consent to play. What is your safeword, Michael?”
Castiel set his utensils down and thought carefully.  “I’m not sure how to answer that, Sarah.”
“Doesn’t he need to go down and speak to the reporters?” she asked.
“No, scratch that. I’m not scared when my Doms take me under.”
“You both have.  I’m sorry that your Mating took so long.  We couldn’t think what to do about the Keller test, and I think it all worked out okay, but it couldn’t have been easy to wait so long with her scent in your wolf’s nose.”
That was what Castiel was waiting for. Being good through the preliminaries was no challenge. How would he fare when the tingles turned to irritation or to friction-fueled pain?
her.  She’s not going to go along with it from a straightforward request.  I’m just not setting her a direction she expected to go, and she’s finding it hard to adjust.”
the one you’ve stuffed into a mason jar. You need to let him out. You need to get to know him.”
“Michael, wait.”
Bobby handed Benny a bottle of water and took the topic up himself.  “If you take Michael and try to figure him out by working on it from him as an individual and then moving outward,” Bobby said, looking at Cas.  “You don’t get anywhere because there are a billion and twelve possible answers, and we’d have to slog through researching each one to eliminate a billion and eleven.”
Castiel pursed his lips, looked down at the documents spread across his desk in apparent mayhem, and then huffed a sigh through his nose and closed his eyes.
Not even in her wildest dreams.
Sam watched him dispassionately, waiting for his mind to process and catch up. He kept his grip on Michael’s arm grounding. When Michael’s eyes suddenly went frightened and wide, Sam simply raised his eyebrows without saying anything. For Sam, this moment was a test of Michael’s mettle. Was this boy just a young, untrained, cocky-but-well-meaning Dom with a good heart who ran his life on gut instinct and brash self-confidence? A boy who made fixable mistakes left and right out of ignorance? Or was there a dark, ugly, manipulative side of Michael that hurt and wanted to make those closest to him hurt too? The former, Sam could work with. We’re all human. Nobody’s perfect. But the latter meant war. Nobody harmed Dean on purpose and got away with it. Nobody. Sam waited for the verdict with a blank face. Michael had to make the next move.
“Oh, that’s right. Alpha got pretty steamed, didn’t he?” April answered brightly as if the point had never occurred to her. Dean put his pen down and looked up.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. “The glass didn’t feel like a boundary at all. I felt… vulnerable, I guess is the best word. What makes this Green List work for me is the certainty that you and I both know how each element is going to unfold. I trust you to control the wild cards. But apes aren’t controllable, and it scared me.”
“I do, too,” Cas agreed, smiling. “I’m hoping that having a wife might pull him away from his dependence on Bobby at least a little. That may be wishful thinking though.”
Cas felt Michael’s hand circle his knot, fingers interweaving with the Alpha’s to stroke him together even as Michael’s face never paused its ministrations at April’s core. The sounds his mouth made were obscene. Slick dribbled from April’s channel down to tease her clit and then drip onto Cas’ cock. It lubed the slow strokes of the two men’s conjoined fingers.
There was bound to be a first time for everything.
“It’s fine, Dean.  I appreciate you taking care of him.  It looks like we both had the same impulse.  Your way will be more effective than mine.  You don’t mind if I stay, do you?”
“Do you ever think about dating again, Gabriel?” April asked over lunch. Gabriel chuckled into his sandwich, but he winced when his laughter sent painful spikes shooting down his legs. He stood next to her at the bar, disdaining the tall wooden barstools. Castiel, as usual, hadn’t minced words, hadn’t relied on words at all, in fact. Gabe didn’t regret returning to the house earlier than he originally intended. His Pack needed him. The caning was worth it.
precedent,” Cas corrected.
“This doesn’t irk you?” asked Dean, moving to the edge of the bed. “They stuck their fingers in the pie and scrambled it just before handing that mess to us to manage. Twenty bucks says Carol led this fucking parade. She’s had it out for Cas for, like, twenty years.”
“I thought you would try to convince me it was no big deal,” Michael told her.
She forced herself to take a deep breath and calm her racing heart.  She licked her lips again and tried to order the words she needed to say into a sequence that would make sense.
“You brought her to our house, Gabe. You never do that. You brought her in to see the twins and meet the Pack.”
“Rolling Stone?  Like,
The strokes between their Mating-bond links continued unabated, growing stronger as their bodies responded to the pleasure of each other and they both came within moments of one another, a hot, sweet, tingling release that left both men oversensitive and breathless.
“Dean?”
“Very good,” praised the Alpha.  “That was thirty, and I’m not going easy on you.  You’re very brave, Sarah.  This paddle will feel quite different, and I expect you’ll find it significantly nastier.  You’re getting ten.  I will pause as often as you need me to.  We begin when you’re ready.”
Castiel smiled into Dean’s wet eyes. “Of course I will if he wants me to. But I don’t think it’s going to be necessary. I think it’s much more likely that he’ll come up with some elaborate and horrible punishment for you and then forgive you wholeheartedly. I give him three days, max.”
Cas took a deep breath in through his nose. “I want you to speak with Benny about a research study. You don’t have to be involved, but this opens a whole new vista of behavioral exploration.”
Daddy made a deep sound, like a breath that took too long to come out. His eyes stopped smiling as Hank watched. He looked like a thought had got stuck inside his head on its way out. He looked down and pressed his lips together. Then he looked up, made sure his face was close enough for Hank to see it well, and he shook his head a little.
“Sir.” His voice cracked as he shoved the unhappy words through unwilling pipes, and he cleared his throat.  “Sir, I broke rule number three.  I suggested Dean try to relax through the flight by riding me when the flight attendant had passed.  I knew he was drugged, and I suggested it anyway.  As soon as he told me you didn’t like him doing it, and as soon as I realized how much of an effect the pills were having on him, I called it off, but the idea was already planted.  I did that.  I apologize, Sir.  I should have protected my mate from himself.  Instead, I planted a bad idea in his head, and I hesitated to stop him when he put his hand on my dick because it felt too good.  I really was about to stop him, Sir, but that’s no excuse.”
“100% trouble,” said his mate fondly into the darkness.  Dean felt his chest tie up into a tight knot.  “You’re all right, Dean.  You’ll feel better in the morning.  Here, sit up a little, roll up on your hip.  I’ll help you.”  Michael braced Dean as he struggled to get his head high enough to drink from the glass April brought.
Dean’s eyes flew wide, and he shook his head violently, starting up another desperate round of grunts and muffled shouts through his gag.  His cock began to respond to the suction, and his asshole loosened in spite of his efforts, but surely Michael wasn’t going to leave him here.
“No, Pam.  You’re not listening to me.  He
Dean looked up from the ceramic turtle he’d been examining, one that looked like a school art project – probably a gift to Meg and Ketch from young Ben.  The kid idolized Ketch.  “I can when your Pack Alpha backs me up,” he commented dryly.
“Answer the question, Dean.  Do you want to come?”
Castiel James. Don’t play the martyr with me. You just said so yourself. You were afraid I’d hit the road if I found out, so you tried to play close to your chest until it blew over.” Dean’s arms crossed his broad chest like deliverance of a verdict.
***************
“I know that our union isn’t a standard marriage,” he explained gently. “I know that you need me to hold you accountable for your bad behavior and to help you manage outpourings of emotion that overflow your capacity to funnel them constructively. But I never want you to feel that you can’t be completely honest with me. I can’t imagine being married to you without standing in the fearsome winds of your temper every now and then. You and I, we work best when we aren’t afraid to speak what needs speaking. And I think you needed to say everything you said. You’re not in trouble, sweetheart. At least, not more than you already were. I do wish you weren’t in the cage right now. We could both use a reconnect.” And there was that tone that turned Dean sloppy.
“Do I get dinner?” Dean asked carefully. “Sir?”
photos again, and he took twenty minutes of ribbing before he retreated grumpily into a good hiding place.
It wasn’t as easy or as simple as simply packing up and heading to the jewelry store or the airport. April couldn’t afford to miss class. Jo was introducing self-defense techniques and assertiveness training. While Cas had no doubt that his mate could be assertive when she ought to be, he wanted her to have the jargon and rules of The Facility’s policies under her belt so she could avoid any misunderstandings that would get her in trouble. And Castiel also had commitments he couldn’t ditch, much as he wanted to. He was still closely involved as a Claimant-trainer in several of the students’ trainings. He had a session later in the morning with young Jeremy and another after lunch with Cecelia. After that, he needed to invest several hours of work at his computer doing administrative drudgery, and he owed the medical wing two hours of clinic time before the end of the day. For right now, the staff meeting was finally drawing to a close. He cleared his throat.
“Next question!” called the moderator. Castiel enjoyed that she wasn’t going to get much time to speak. His Pack was awesome.
“No, I’m not in love, but yes, you do know him, and yes, he is traditional.  We’ve been seeing each other for a few months now, and he’s teaching me a lot.  I like how we are together.”  Rachel blushed all of a sudden and snatched her book back.
“You are so full of shit, I’m not even going to answer that, Winchester.”
“Is that a fact?” Maureen asked tonelessly.
“Gabe, you are seconds away from a full strapping with all the witnesses you can handle,” threatened Dean, but he didn’t mean it.  “Seriously.  What time?  We need to get situated here.  This little interlude, traumatic as it is…” Dean had to speak over a simultaneous moan from Castiel and April both.  “…doesn’t free us from the rest of our scheduled obligations.  We’ll be there, all right?  But give us a few hours if you can.  And don’t plan to go anywhere afterward.  You, Omega, are on lockdown until we’re sure there’s no one trailing you, and you miss…”  He shifted his pointer finger.  “…need to join the pack formally.  We can do that tonight.  For fuck’s sake, C.J., put a cork in it for a hot second!”  Dean strode up into the doorway of the bathroom, hoping to catch Castiel before he went into a full knotting.  They really didn’t have time for this.
He chuckled. “Love you too, boss. See you at two.”
Cas was about to answer in the affirmative when Michael huffed.  “That’s a bullshit answer if I ever heard one, Dean Winchester.”
Dean gritted his teeth and nodded back. “I need a re-set. Like, a total system reboot. I haven’t slept more than three hours straight in almost a month what with cycles, and the pups’ colds, and the budget deadlines. And now Michael. Jesus, what are we gonna do, man? How do we get through to him?” Dean leaned back into the couch until he wasn’t looking at Cas anymore, and he didn’t see Alex clambering across to throw himself on his daddy’s stomach. Dean let out a surprised ‘whoof’ and sat straight up.
right – to explore it.  We aren’t apes, Pete.  Their rules don’t apply to us.  We’re in the eye of the storm that’s struggling to figure out which rules
Castiel replied tiredly.
“You got everything you need to start running classes at the ‘Y’?” Benny asked abruptly.  They were already past the ticket reader and standing in line to board in the gangway as the first few passengers waited for a young man in a wheelchair to work his way aboard and then watch his chair disappear out the hatch door.  The question took Sam by surprise.
Adam keened and rocked back into Garth’s face. “How’s my good boy doing? This what you wanted, Son? Oh, fuck you look hot right now. I’m gonna fucking come just watching you. So good for me. Take that beta tongue and fucking moan on it.”
“We’re down to a matter of weeks, Pet,” he mused, holding Dean’s hand in his left and all four shoes in his right, comfortably allowing the tertiary fog to follow them back up the lawn.  Dean seemed reticent to let it go, and Cas had no issue with that.  “Any qualms about meeting me at the alter?”
He shook his head.  “No, it’s actually a wonder I’ve still got them.  Give it five more minutes and watch what happens.  You want me to take J.T.?”
“How long before we know, Dean?” Michael asked two strenuous mornings later. His Heat was in full swing as Dean’s Rut waned, but they were both spent for the moment. Spent and tied and chafed.
are you so angry with me?!  I’m in love with you! You hear me, alpha? I’m
“It’s a merger, Dean.  Why are the celebrity forums here?  This is absurd!”
“I’ll get it,” April’s voice sounded from behind him on the bed.  Dean turned his head to find Michael beside him, watching him closely, poised to touch his cheek and gift him a simple smile.  He was back in the Master bed.
When had her brother grown into a man?
“Do I have to call Jo myself?” Michael threatened.  “Come on, Dean.  Talk to me.  What’s wrong.”
cleaning this mess up.  Don’t go barefoot in the kitchen until we’re sure all the glass is gone.  And for fuck’s sake, stop dumping his swill down the sink.  It’s not helping.”
No one else on earth was lucky enough to have this. Not this. There were other alpha-Subs in the world, but they didn’t have Omega-Dom mates who knew how to leverage this kind of presentation and make good on everything Dean’s body was seeking. Michael lifted up a little on his knees to give Dean space to slam into him hard and fast, and he leaned in to suck a bruise into Dean’s Adam’s apple, mirroring his complicated dual presentation. Dean whined hard, re-set his hands on Michael’s hips and pulled him into every pummeling thrust.
But Sam shot him a look. “Sarah’s a Sub, and you know it. She takes correction more often than Dean does, and it’s not because she’s Simian. Level with me. What’s going on?”
Dean’s seemed particularly destructive.  Dean felt a need to test Castiel’s commitment by pushing him so hard he was sure to be disgusted enough to throw Dean out.  It wasn’t going to happen like that.  Cas would never throw Dean out, but he couldn’t control all the collateral damage either.  He didn’t know what would happen in the end.  Dean’s insecurities were eating away at the bedrock of devotion they were desperately trying to build upon, and if allowed to fester, they would destroy the fledgling relationship before it gained any traction at all.
Castiel froze. He stared at Michael. All the other chatter around the table ceased. The Omega went on as if he hadn’t just shattered another well-known “fact.”
“It’s not the same thing at all,” Dean protested, but Michael rounded on him.
At length, April put a quelling hand on Michael’s arm, and cut her eyes toward the back hallway. He frowned, but April put a finger to her lips and then behind her ear in a silent command for him to
“They’re going to play with you and get you as hot and bothered as they can without tipping you over. They’ll do whatever you ask, so go ahead and talk to them. No penetration is allowed though. Well, not for you. If you want to see them fuck each other, go ahead and tell them that. This is our contract-workers’ favorite rotation because it’s all play. They’re really game for just about anything, but you gotta speak up if you get close to coming. Don’t let that happen, Michael. We can re-set the clock if we need to, but we’re already late, and that throws off everyone. You ready? I’m going to get them.”
Michael made love to her tenderly this time, carefully. They moved together as mates do, sinuously, in sync, as one piece with two parts. And Michael shared everything he could with her…including the talents of his tongue. At length, they sat tangled together under the tree, talking, trying to work up to getting dressed again, keeping each other warm as the breeze picked up and the sun dropped.
They stood near the door to the meeting room facing one another.  People glided past.  It was a humbling moment for Robert Singer.  Castiel was a breed apart, and in day-to-day matters, it was easy to forget that.  The moment stretched.  Benny found them in the hallway and joined them wordlessly, trying to suss out the depth of the interaction between his colleagues.  Something was being decided.
Michael smiled at him and stood up to get in place. He faced the screen and lowered himself slowly onto his mate’s lap, reaching around to hold his alpha’s cock upright. Once he was seated, Dean pulled each of Michael’s legs out and over his own knees, spreading him wide open so that Dean could snake a hand in between their thighs to rub gently over the rim where his own cock disappeared into the Omega’s body. They both moaned and rolled a little before Michael stilled.
Dean glanced up as April’s mother gasped in the archway with Emma on her hip. “Oh! I’m sorry. Excuse me, alpha.”
Sometimes you had to take the bull by the horns and rip the band-aid right off.
Castiel slowed to a stop and wiped the sweat from his brow, exhaling deeply.  “You’re doing well, Michael.  Just one more phase to go, and then you’ll be through.”  Cas retrieved the belt again.  He took a moment to gather himself and check the Omega’s trembling form.  Michael’s breathing through his sobs was steady and unpanicked.  He was in pain, full of dread for the last part, but he wasn’t unduly anxious anymore.
The struggle was likely to be coaxing them away from the door and into the play space with Dean serving as greeter.
“Call him. I want to speak with him.”
“Rule two, you can help a little, but you can’t just do the work yourselves. You’re coordinators. You need to guide the other attendees to set up straight, even rows with an aisle down the middle, all under your direction. Rule three, you cannot simply dole out chairs to people as they arrive and have them place their own and then sit in it. This is a work project and an experiment in cooperative effort. The first alphas to arrive, after you two, are your worker bees, and they need to consider themselves conscripted until the whole room is set up. That means no setting out two chairs and then parking it. They gotta keep going until the job is through. New people who arrive should be considered extra hands. Get people involved. But don’t tell them it’s an experiment. Don’t tell them about the prize. That’s for you two only.”
“I’m not pursuing him,” Cain replied, still infuriatingly calm. He reached back and hoisted the other suitcase out into the hall with its matched mate and closed the door behind him. “It may perplex you to hear this, Dean, but not every man is attracted to the same ones you are.”
Dean shook his head in confusion and concern. HE was supposed to be the unstable one.
“I can’t picture Jo Mating anyone,” Dean mused out loud. “But then, I never pictured it for myself either.”  He smiled at his mate and kissed him chastely to assure Michael that there were no regrets.
Where?
“Of course,” she murmured quietly. “Cas and Cain are both close enough to catch me if I fall in New York. I feel stable right now. I shouldn’t need anything else until we check into the hotel at the soonest. Michael, they’re planning on daily spankings the whole time we’re away from home to head off any chance of an upset.”
He’d switched her, and she’d responded beautifully to that, but he thought her progress through his training sessions was going well, and it was time to take another step upward.
April tapped at the microphone, and the music faded.  She sound checked, adjusted the settings, and did it again.  Nodding at the sound tech in the corner, April took the first song, a love ballad she dedicated to Gabriel and Kali, and the floor cleared to let the two have a moment alone.  Gabe didn’t seem quite as drunk as before while he danced with his wife, despite being easily as naked as before.  Kali didn’t care.  She didn’t seem to care that he was nude, that he was drunk, that he was a goofball with a history of trauma and a heart in grief.  She looked into his face like he was everything.  Dean watched them with his arm around Castiel’s waist and laid his head on Cas’ shoulder.
The two of them had passed the afternoon in close communion emotionally, but they’d both been tamping down their impulses to finish a conversation that had only just begun behind Castiel’s office door yesterday morning, and Cas’ mood soured with the repression.
Dean waited long enough to add insubordination to his list of misbehaviors, then he shoved his chair back violently and stood.  Ellen wouldn’t meet his eyes.  Later, after his anger abated, he would regret the words he’d thrown at her, but right now he was too pissed to care.  He threw the door open, and it slammed heavily into the doorstop.  Dean stormed his way back down the hallway, mumbling under his breath the whole way.  He pulled his phone out and texted his mate:
“Yes, Sir, Alpha.  I was born ready.”  Cas centered himself in the middle of the room, and the witnesses gathered around behind him.
Michael had no idea what to say to that.  Sam, who’d heard the same speech from her ages ago, shook his head faintly as he played with his eggs.  Let it go, Michael, he seemed to be saying.  Was that her only beef against Dean?  He didn’t have the name of an angel?  The woman was mentally ill.
He licked his lips. Behind him, Cas waited.
We are
Cas laughed. “You and I, Mick, are going to get along fine. Forgive me for letting you flounder for a few months. I needed to see what your instincts looked like before I could trust you with more. I need you at my six, watching what I cannot see, and I can’t let anyone into that position who doesn’t have my absolute trust.” The ground rushed up to meet the jet outside the tiny starboard window at Cas’ right shoulder, rubber tires squealing briefly as the made contact and gripped. “What I want you working on tonight while I meet with Crowley is an emergency code list. Put together a code for every conceivable crisis you can imagine. I’ll memorize it on the way home, and we’ll add whatever I feel may be missing.”
“Careful there, Sub. I make no promises that I won’t add on to tonight’s tally if you provoke me,” Cas teased him. But Dean was thoughtful, frowning. He faced the bookshelf and rotated two of the figurines to face differently. Cas watched him, but Dean didn’t speak. He obviously had something on his mind.
“Can I ask you a question, alpha?” Jack said instead of answering the question.
“No, Sir.”
Dean chuckled and planted a chaste kiss on Michael’s brow.  He maintained Michael’s eyes as he backed up a little.  He pushed all of his earnest sincerity through their bonds as he released a long breath.  “I have absolute control of the use of my safeword.  Don’t you buy that brat’s bullshit for one second.  Do you have any idea how many novices I’ve fucked in my lifetime?  You think I could do that safely if I couldn’t call it when I needed to.  I’ve stopped hundreds of scenes, Michael.  Sometimes just to let some douche know the ropes were too tight.  Sometimes to stop something that was really messed up.  People have some fucked up ideas about what it means to Dominate a guy.”
“But the most important point we need to clarify this morning,” Cas answered Sarah.  “Is how we can support your work in a way that meets all of our needs without putting any strain on the students.  Their safety will always come first.”
He panted harshly through his nose, processing everything, glaring at her, hating himself as he’d not done in years, hating her for bringing him back to that place. They’d fallen wildly out of balance in their heads in the sparest of instants, and that couldn’t stand. It stung that she had a point, and it stung that her handprint blossomed on his cheek.
“Short version is that Naomi deserves to meet her new daughter-in-law and son-in-law…-in-law.  Also, something about announcing an engagement.  I don’t really know.”  Dean didn’t hide his annoyance at not having been consulted about this evening.  If he had been, he’d have managed to arrange a critical seminar in Detroit for this evening and would’ve gotten out of it with sincerest apologies.  He took a swig from his bottle.
“Any questions?”
“I’ve got it under control, Ben.  I know where all the traps and cop hangouts are.  No problem.”
They didn’t keep track of how long or how frenzied they kissed.  They didn’t talk about it.  Eventually, they slowed, laying out side by side, the sleepiness of a spent member lulling them both into dozing, each of them caressing lightly as they fell into and out of sleep.
“You’re beautiful, Pet. So good for me.”  Cas broke his kiss to praise his Sub only to dive back in and kiss him again, deeper and wetter, more desperate.
“Kate’s got them,” Michael said. “She’s good at conscripting people to help when she needs more eyes. She had Donna, Ben, and Balthazar triangulating when I left.”
“We teach pups from a very young age to begin to imagine themselves as some form of quadruped Canid species.  We bring in hundreds of pictures of wolves, and foxes, jackals, coyotes, even domestic dogs and dingoes, and get them combing through the images to find just the right one that feels to each child like a visual representation of who that pup is inside.”
“Of course not, but that still leaves a lot of wiggle-room for that slime ball to slither through.”
“Hey!”
“Trust me, it bites!  So then, Castiel comes down to get me from Dallas, and he’s got the whole sales pitch worked out: the ring, the fucking roses at the table, for God’s sake, and I can resist all that shit, but he looked straight into my face and told me I could be a person with him, not a Sub, not an alpha, none of that fucking pigeon-holing bullshit, and that we’d be making our decisions together, as a team, in a partnership.  Did that look like a partnership to you?”  Dean gestured back up to the house behind him.
Dean struggles to get to sleep.  April and Michael drop their facades.  Maureen is more astute than she looks.
“Hm?” He braced her as he guided her to the bathroom.
“What was that all about?” Sarah asked, trailed by Jess. They seemed to have found themselves alone together in the conservatory and to have realized they weren’t the best company tonight.
“I’m not accusing anybody…”
She smiled, then giggled.  “Tickling is not fair.”
“Gotta do this next bit on my feet.  Can’t swing a belt well from a seated position.  You ever had a strap before, Sarah?”
Someone sucked Dean’s cock all the way to the back of their throat, and he shouted in surprise. His grip tightened, and his hole clenched.
Michael adjusted the spray from the two heads so that one was directed down Dean’s chest, and the other would cascade across Michael’s back when he…
By twenty, Dean was panting. Castiel could tell he was fighting with his own wrath. Staying on the bench was taking almost all of Dean’s concentration and counting was getting harder. His ass was far brighter in color than it usually was after twenty swats. Castiel rubbed the sting out for him.
Sam smiled to himself when he thought of little April.  She was endearingly sweet.  The two of them bonded as intimates immediately.  Even though the Claim wore off weeks ago, she and Sam remained close enough that outsiders might assume his Claim had been renewed.  He felt a little bad for testing Castiel over the last few days.  He’d deliberately flaunted his close friendship with April in the Dom’s face to see if he would get a rise.  It was a risky move, and one that would be more likely to bring consequences down on April than on himself, but he needed to know Castiel’s real mind where she was concerned.  It was one thing to
He laughed and left her on his way back into the kitchen.  She followed hopelessly in his wake.  “And you call yourself a PhD candidate,” he teased.  “You swore to the
Cas didn’t soften his expression.  He let the silence lengthen, watching the two of them fidget.  Sarah glanced at Sam, and Sam frowned at the floor.
“Very good, Sir.”
“It ain’t gonna happen like that, Dean.”
“Yeah. What she said. There’d be no one to…”
He hauled himself up.  “No need, Kitten.  I’ll be watching as well.  Come on.  Up you go.  Let’s go back out and let your folks know you’re not dead.”
need you back on your game. You asked for some time to handle your personal affairs, and we gave it to you, but you’ve been balls deep in Winchesters for two months now, and you barely notice the rest of us are still here. We’re facing a budget crisis that’s about to dry up my rescue funding whether you cut the tap or not. We’ve got a staffing shortage in every department, and you and your boy here just cut your own hours in half. We have to define the future leadership, or we’re gonna be a one-generation flash in the pan!” Bobby was sneering as he got his momentum going. He gesticulated wildly.
“That’s just great,” he muttered, taking their clothes from his mate and tossing everything into the hamper behind the bathroom door.  “What about the big scene you promised me?”
“Talk to me, Cas.  What do you need?”
Oh, yes.  He’d been waiting all his life for Castiel.
Castiel reeled.  EVERYONE knew?  Of course they did.  He’d failed to keep himself under control.  His great black wolf was always pushing, always demanding, always wanting and never caring who got in the way.
All in all, each session was proving better than the last, and he had high hopes for this one.  There was only one woman in attendance, a fact that Sam found odd but which Sarah didn’t consider unexpected at all.  She’d shrugged.
Cas didn’t sleep until the sun had already begun to turn the sky gray.  He had far too much to think about.  April and Michael both seemed level enough on video chat, but they were obviously ready for their mates to return.  They both had a somberness to them that spoke of Mating-bonds strained by distance and time.  And there was something more.  He wasn’t oblivious enough not to catch that there was something churning beneath the surface.  It would have to wait though.  Maureen was both a comfort and a tease.  While he believed her when she said the Omegas would be none the worse for wear when he returned home, and that a little time away wasn’t going to break anything, she too had a tell within her eyes, and Cas wanted to dig it out.
At the moment, all three rooms stood empty, but there were four Omegas still in the hallway awaiting rooms and alphas.
“Uh,” Dean kicked his boot upright and stepped into it, looking down. “Some alphas like the leash.”
For long moments they stared into each other’s eyes.
“Go down and give him your swats. He’s on a Pack roundabout. If you’re scening with Cas tonight, you’re not going to get a better chance than right now. Send Sarah up to spell April. Take care of Gabe. Then you’re both free for the rest of the night. We’ll get your pups to bed.”
“Oh, no you don’t!” she protested, backing up swiftly.  “You’ve already got me playing janitor.  I’m not your babysitter, too!”
Cas huffed, but he didn’t have an answer. “You’re not helping, Dean.”
Cas couldn’t get the ring on Dean’s finger fast enough.
Dean came in and shut the door. “Coffee break then. I feel loads better, and I have some things you need to hear. Both of you. Can we go to Zeke’s? I feel like I need to get out of here for a little bit for this.”
“I do. God, fuck, I do.” Dean searched Michael’s face again. How had his firm stance to protect his mate turned into a stubborn dragging of his heels purely on principle? When had Dean become the unreasonable one? “Fine. Go. Get yourself probed.” He turned to Cas and put a finger in his face. “But I get authority to approve every goddamned study
He knelt at the door and pulled it open just enough for one man to squeeze through.  Dean didn’t check his wristband or even look at his face.  He closed the door behind the man with a snap and buried his face in the man’s crotch, pulling an immediate moan from the fellow, clearly an alpha from his scent, the size of his dick, and the fact that an uninflamed knot impeded the reach of Dean’s outstretched tongue toward his balls.  Dean wrapped his arms around the man’s thighs and went to work slurping and salivating down the length of his cock, unfettered by social confines.
When Sam arrived at work and learned that Cas had called in his plan to work from home, Sam felt the remaining strength melt out of him.  He secured his lunch in his desk drawer and logged onto his computer with a drawn face, checking his calendar and feeling that all the light had drained from the room.  Why was his mate so unhappy with him? She denied it time and again, but he could feel it.  They had moments – quite a few of them in fact – where they connected happily, and he felt her affection and pride flow to him and embrace him without his even having to try.  It usually happened while they were scening.  It was real.  He knew that she was his soulmate, and he loved her with his whole self, but he just couldn’t understand why the more he tried to give her kind, firm structure and a loving, consistent hand, she turned more and more resentful and sour.
Michael sighed heavily.  “I don’t care if he’s the most progressive Alpha alive today, Dean.  He’s not going to be able to give us this.”
Castiel blinked, taken aback.  “I did tell you.  I told you before I ever put it to them – on the drive up from Dallas.”
“C’mon, Max, that’s not a lot at stake when you think about what you’ve got to gain.”
“I think he’s clean, alpha,” Sam said with amusement from the archway.
“I dunno.  It’s just that I think he may be right.  Cas, once she slides under from the weight of her broken beta, I won’t get another chance to close this thing up.  I kinda want to look in her eyes and make her see me as what I am.  I want to see that acknowledgment.  I think I need it.”
Michael pushed the microphone far enough away that it didn’t pick up his voice, and he turned his head away from the audience. “Are you game, Baby? I want to try something simple. No sex. I’m not going to touch you. I’m just going to sing for you again. Can you roll for me?”
The Sub breathed fast through his nose, clenched his eyes closed, and tried to stay still, tried to relax.  He was teetering between rolling into full submission and sticking his brat’s nose in again to see how much he could pull from his Dom.  What did Cas need from him in this moment – a struggle or compliance?  Dean took a deep breath, relaxed his ass, and shoved himself backward onto Castiel’s slick hand in a move that couldn’t be interpreted as anything but intentional.  He rocked there for three or four pulses before the Alpha stripped his fingers out painfully, manhandled Dean back to the floor on his knees, and thrust his cock deep into Dean’s throat.  He held Dean on his cock, buried up to the bulge where his knot would pop.  Dean couldn’t breathe.  His eyes watered, and his gag-reflex churned his throat around the Alpha’s dick.  He struggled against Cas’ hold, lips stretched wide, beating at his legs with clenched fists, and trying to rise.  Cas had a firm, solid grip of his head, and a good many hairs at the sensitive nape of his neck.  Dean was nailed fast in place.
“Every dime,” Cas told him. “And then some.”
“Have at him,” Sam agreed, stepping clear. “If we’re clearing air, I know you’ve got a grudge or two you’ve been sitting on.”
“Get out!”
This is not my video to share, but it's pretty bad-ass.  Credit to YouTube poster, SpnConGirl.
“It’s not that simple, Dean. We’re complicated creatures, you and I. Pete is too. None of this is simple. And there are power-exchange dynamics hardwired into our brains, into our Pack, into that whole house. I’ll wake up one day, and she’ll be cooking me breakfast and worrying she left the bacon too floppy, and I’ll drag her for it. It’s the little things. It’ll start small, but it will build into something I can’t control.” Michael picked the good stuff off the top of his salad and merely stirred the rest.
Dean looked up at him.  He put an index finger up and leaned in.  “I’ll do it once.  Once.  Never again.”
“Don’t talk about it, man,” complained Dean.  “I can do this if you just shut up about it.”
I hope it hit the right notes.  I hope it was worth the wait.
“Gabriel?” Dean snorted in surprise. “Uh, yeah, sort of. Gabe doesn’t really live anywhere, but his mail comes to our house. How do you know Gabriel?”
Cas came the rest of the way into the room and sat on the bed beside Dean.  “I don’t know what I did to deserve you, Winchester.”
Sam’s jaw dropped. For a moment he was speechless. Then, “All the Omegas and Subs? Cas...that’s everyone. That’s the whole Pack. That’s…that’s exactly what I said I didn’t want. Sir, I’m lost. What is this about?”
“You won’t leave me though?” she murmured.
“April.”
She grinned.  “I wrote a song.  I think you might like it.  I want to sing it with you on stage at the reception while they dance their first dance.  Michael, I need you to do this with me.  Here, sit.  Listen.”
“Yes, Cas,” he said, glancing at Michael who had deep circles under his eyes.
Bobby kept an eye on them, but he let the crowd evolve as it would. They were both young and hardy, and they needed this, weary or not.
“HEY!” Mason called, advancing on them with menace.  “Get your ass back to work!  This isn’t your personal dream date!”  It was Mason’s room to work, and he had the authority to keep the inflow of customers moving.  But Craig was a little shit, and he slowly thrust back into Dean just right, pulling a filthy moan from the man and enticing Dean to drop his chest to the floor instead of moving on.
He smiled. “I’m not seeing the change, then,” he confessed. “What’s different?”
“Cas,” Dean broke in.  “Is this necessary?”
If that witch had wanted to sabotage her chances, sending her on a wild goose chase to make her late and rattled would do it. April refused to be rattled. She looked left and right. The hallway ended abruptly near the darkened room she’d confirmed was
“Perhaps we should go ahead and buy the coach outright if we’re planning to make modifications this exhaustive,” Cas suggested, looking at plans of the final layout in Michael’s office.  “Surely we’ll have need to travel as a family more than just this once.”
Cas sighed and lifted the puzzled pup to his shoulder, admiring Jimmy’s giraffe and stealing it away to begin a playful game of nuzzle-the-pup with its soft faux fur. Dean’s need would have to wait until Christmas morning’s festivities ended. Now was not the time.
Dean was always going to need to have this from his Alpha.  He shifted forward and leaned his forehead against Castiel’s.  Protest as he might, Dean needed this – exactly this – from Castiel; maybe not from Michael, at least not in the same way, but always from Castiel.  It was such a confusing mix, and much of it was still so new.  This part?  He knew he would always need this part.  His wolf and his alpha and his front-brain knew this part so well.  He’d just been brought home, and it felt like the ground had just risen up to meet him.  He breathed in his Alpha’s scent and closed his eyes, letting his feet and his touchpoints with Cas ground him.  Castiel’s hand rested on the back of his neck.
Billie answered her. “There are ways to address hierarchical intimidation, April, even when it’s inadvertent. You know, Claire’s an Omega, and she’s been leading Bobby’s rescue team for the last three years. She’s the boss, and they all do what she says.”
Dean chuckled, but he didn’t defend himself.
“Everyone else? Michael, how many wolves do you know who get married? It’s like ten percent of Mated couples and four percent of unMated couples. Something like that. Besides, you two live in the same house and share parenthood of the same pups, but none of that ties you to each other at all, not really. You’re only connected through your mates.”
Gabriel grew immediately stern and pointed a finger toward her face.  “You stay away from him until he figures it out, you hear me?”
“Break a leg out there, tonight. It’s going to be a good show. And, hey, for what it’s worth, none of it was my idea,” she said cryptically just as his name rang through in introduction. A microphone was snapped into his hand by the stage manager, and he was pushed toward the curtain.
“I know he makes the rules, but there’s no point to this one!” April wailed.  “It doesn’t make me safer or better behaved.  It doesn’t help me stay Balanced or anything.  Shouldn’t the rules make sense somehow?  Shouldn’t there be a point?  He just makes me do it because…because he says so.”
Sleep came quickly, and apparently, so did April.  Cas fell asleep with the sensation of his mate’s climax tingling in his own genitals.  He smiled against Dean’s neck even as he lost the thread of April’s experience.  Omegas within a pack often needed each other.  Some packs set them up like a harem, allowing full contact between them, barring nothing as long as they avoided impregnating one another.  Cas felt good about what he sensed from his mate.  She seemed completely relaxed in Michael’s capable hands.  Somehow, nothing about Michael’s dominant nature was triggering Cas’ possessive side this time, but he didn’t try to investigate the feeling.  He let go and slept, tucked up tightly against Dean’s back.
Cas snapped his fingers.  “Dean.  Focus.  Work now.  Fuck later.”
“I dunno, Sir…maybe.” Michael was clearly floating. His speech was slurred and sloppy. His body melted at complete ease in the soft bedding.
Michael raised an eyebrow.  Just one.  “You better not be selling sexual favors for donations, Dean.”
Dean pinched his lips between his teeth and thought about it.  “If you and I both stop taking birth control starting tomorrow, and I tell Cas that you forbid me to fuck anyone at work, it might work.  But what about if you don’t wind up Topping during your Keller?”
The other realization hit her as she switched places with Simone, taking up a presentation position on the mat and handing the timer over.  April wouldn’t be getting out of the enemas.  She’d be lucky if they remained at just one per day.  One thing she was sure of now, Alpha would always win when his mind was made up.
Cas let out a loud exhale and tucked the cane back into the drawer he’d pulled it from.  “Officer White, this concludes the extent of the punishment I mean to dole out.  Does it meet your requirements?”
“It is perhaps true, at least for me, that if you really wish to understand Lupins as a species, you have to watch them mourn,” Fred said unexpectedly.  “Gertrude and Allen were True-Mates.  She loved him intensely.  She was unabashed about showing him affection whenever and wherever she chose, and there was a solidity, a predictability about that that made everyone here feel stronger, wolf or ape either one.  She adored him.  He adored her.  And he was submissive to her in all kinds of simple ways that, as a young gay man, I felt honored to be allowed to witness and line my sense of self with in how flagrantly it broke the heteronormative patriarchal mold.  He was unashamed of his submission.  It was his privilege to offer her that.  It was his gift.  And it was a quiet, simple, elegant thing, not a coarse, raucous, debasement.
Castiel’s face paled.  “Thank you for the warning.”
“Where are you going?” he asked in surprise.
“Do you have your bonds open?” Michael asked, turning to face him.
“No,” he agreed. And he whipped her mid-thigh, raising a welt on each leg in stark, vivid red and eliciting a bawling wail. Her heels lifted and thumped back down repeatedly. Her head, still hidden under her arms, rolled back and forth over the cushion.
Torqueing April up to lose control was often a matter of overwhelming her, finding new ways to surprise her, staying one stroke ahead of predictability.   She could hold out for hours, if he kept to a predictable routine, but she would fold like a pup tent if he overwhelmed in ways she didn’t see coming – so to speak.
She lay limp and sobbing when he stopped. He laid the strap across the bench and placed his hand tenderly on her back, rubbing lightly. “You’re all done, little alpha,” soothed Benny. “You did great. I’m proud of you. C’mon, now, it’s all over. Just breathe. You’re all right. It stings, but you’re not damaged. You’re fine, Sweetheart.”
Jody stood up and came slowly around her desk. She leaned up against it just in front of Michael and looked down at him. “We haven’t had much luck with the courts on that plan. Our courts are geared toward punishing offenders, not teaching them. Prosecution is better than doing nothing. At least that way, the Omega has a chance to heal. We can usually win chaperoned conjugal rights in a case like this. It’s no use trying for something we know we can’t get.”
Sam was grinning ear to ear.  “That was amazing!  You did it.  I knew you could.  It’s just a matter of concentration.”
Gabriel and April bustled in just as the Pack was settling in to eat. They both scurried into place—April worried she might be reprimanded for dawdling over selecting a baked cobbler, and Gabriel worried he might miss part of the meal.
Dean laughed and planted a kiss on Michael’s temple. “Can’t be any worse than some of his decisions. Did you know he owns a theater-grade popcorn stand? Keeps it in the garage under a tarp. He thought it would be fun for the boarding students, but he never used it. That’s the kind of decisions he makes. And don’t get me started on his investments. Have you seen his portfolio? I mean, at least he’s had a competent manager for most of his life. But when you and I came along, he fired the guy. Said he wanted to build a new Pack and make a clean start. He’s like a baby in a trench coat when it comes to money. The only real danger to this whole plan is if we let you get unBalanced. So we’re not going to do that. I’ve got you, baby. I’ll do my job, and you do yours. Maybe arrange for a yard sale.”
“Nah, man…”
“Sweetheart, we won’t know if Kali is up to handling his Heats until they try.  Marina was a wizard at it, but most beta women struggle to meet an Omega’s needs.”
Cas’ hand rained down seven or eight more times.  Dean’s cock was so hard, it throbbed.  It would be dripping but for the constant pressure from behind which kept it rubbing the bedding and cleaning it off.  They were going to have one hell of a wet spot to try to avoid later.  He howled out again in pain and lust.  “Sir, PLEASE!”
Fred smiled kindly.  “No, miss.  We don’t have a dungeon.  But it is most commonly used for sexual activities, for scening, for play, sometimes for punishment.”
“Ah, shit. Sorry, man. I was doing Michael’s pose. I’m seriously wigging out. You wanna try coming in again? I got this.”
“You need to be aware, April has a Release block, and it’s a doozy. She can’t Release unless she feels she’s being punished justifiably for some transgression. She’s not a brat, so I have to practically manipulate her into breaking rules just to get her into a guilty mindset. I’ve set her about a million rules to follow every day—everything from how far the toes of her shoes need to be from the wall when she lines them up by the door, to how long she’s allowed to stay in the bath, to when she can sit at the table for meals and when she should kneel on the floor and be fed. It’s a shame because with her level of masochism and her affinity for pleasing me, if she didn’t have the block, we might be able to just about dispense with punishments altogether and affect Releases through play. But she’s built a subconscious block against Release if it’s attempted just through impact-play.
Fuck, not a DF.  Domination fucks are pure aggressive force.  There is NO consent requested.  It is forcible.  It is violent.  It is intrusive.  It is destructive.  And it is in every way nonconsensual.”
Dean chuckled and nuzzled in.  His ass ached in typical morning-after fashion, but he felt very, very good otherwise.  “Yeah.  Whip him and make him leave me alone.  Still sleepy.”
Cas’ face deadpanned, and Nick broke.  “Of course I’m going to pay her.  It’s a standard contract.  I’ll get the business guys to send it over.  I hate that stuff.  Don’t make me talk numbers.”
“You are amazing. You know that, right?” asked Michael, using his inside voice. It was his wolf speaking, but the tone was nearly Omega. It seemed Dean wasn’t the only one who had a ventriloquist in his designations.
“No, but they live here,” Michael clarified.  “The laundry doesn’t care if you’re initiated Pack or not.  You still need clean clothes.”
“Layer of protection,” he repeated. “Baby, I know you’re scared. But how many more layers will you need before you stop feeling naked and vulnerable?”
“Nah. They understand. Everyone’s too busy eating us out of house and home anyway.” Michael ran a hand along the smooth stretch that Dean had just sanded. “It’s going to be beautiful. I had no idea you knew how to do this, Dean. You’re an artist.”
“Fucking,” responded Michael flatly.
There was a weird tension between them that brought a frown to Heath’s face. But then Michael broke it.
“Dean?” Cas attempted to find out if a decision had been reached without pressing the Omega.  Dean grinned at his fiancé, but he just turned to the sideboard to begin serving pie without answering the Alpha.  Cas smiled sadly at Dean’s back, happy to see his beloved so lighthearted and wishing it could last.
“It feels really strange.  I guess you can relate.  I’ve held a lot of Claims in my life, Dean, but this is something totally different.  I can
She nearly fled the podium at the end, keeping her even pace with the strongest self-control as the jeers followed her off the stage.  She slipped into her limo along with her Lupin guard and they made a quick escape.  Naomi was at a loss.  Her campaign manager sat ashen-faced across from her with nothing to say.  Naomi’s face darkened.
Hey, Nudge.  Am I reading this right?  Does Jo have it bad for Dean?  Seriously?  Did you have to go full formulaic with that?
“It’s your call, Alpha,” she answered with no hint of a preference, pressing up with a hand on his chest and finding her way back into the solidity of her front-brain. She offered him no hint of worry that their efforts toward impregnating her might not have been successful either. He liked her responsive and ready but reactive, not proactive. He loved it when she followed his lead.
“No,” the toddler admitted glumly.
Jack’s eyes followed Michael’s trek around the table as the Omega collected the lost balls from the floor.
“Going, sir.”
“I draw the line at ‘Ceej’.”
“Holy fuck, that’s hot, Sir. How…did you get it tied? How are we going to…?” Dean mumbled, already swirling away in his sensual imaginings and forgetting completely that Michael’s state of mind was distraught, not primal. He didn’t seek Michael’s eyes before slipping down to his knees and taking his own wrist into a fist behind his back.
“Fuck me, alpha!
“I love you,” said Michael.
Cas shrugged into the robe and touched Michael’s shoulder in passing.  The Omega’s tension was evident in every line of his body.  He obviously didn’t want to be here but couldn’t seem to make himself leave.
“I hope you’re sure about this, Castiel,” Michael quipped as he climbed aboard. He didn’t bother to explain. “I expect you to keep your word this time.”
“Look,” stated the Alpha. Rodrick. “I’m not against taking the matter back home and handling it myself. You said you wanted to try some stranger in a lab coat, or whatever they dress up as. So, here we are. Now pick one or let’s go home.”
“She had a nightmare,” Michael explained.  “She was freaked out enough to come poking her head in here.  I was already awake, so I offered her a cup of tea.  It’s not a big deal.”
Too many words.  Michael’s head began to ache with the words, and he moaned into Dean’s throat.
“I don’t know, Sam.  It’s a big risk.  You’re putting yourself on the line just going to bat for him.”
“It’s not just me, Dean,” Jo told him.  “Meg found a match too.  We’re both planning to go for it.”  She looked up at the door as Castiel came through.  “Cas planned it already.  He’s offering our matches jobs here onsite.”
“We have company tonight,” Michael reminded him.
Joshua nodded, holding the door for him. “Take care of him, alpha,” Dean pleaded on his way out. He couldn’t resist. Joshua’s eyes spoke understanding and kindness. For all the fierce old wolf had seen and been and done, he was gentle now in his aging body, the brimstone replaced by wisdom that outlasted his wolf. Dean breathed outside the closed door and took a moment to center himself, wondering how he was going to drive the thirty-minute distance without another round of pain killer. Everything hurt. He couldn’t drive with a head clouded by drugs though, so it was a no-go on the pain meds. Dean checked his phone’s map again.
“No, doctor.  I won’t.  I live in Castiel’s house anyway.  He cut me off the second I went into Heat.”
“Naomi’s not here, beta.  Looks like she packed up and headed out.  It’s just Michael’s family, Jess, and…Gabriel.  Oh, fuck, hey, Gabe.  When did you sit down?”  Benny startled when he noticed the Omega two seats down from him, sipping a cup of coffee that was half-drained already.  How long had he been there?
Michael whistled, but he didn’t interrupt. “I’m fucking garbage, man. You got strapped to a big fucking piece of garbage. I know it’s stupid. I know I should be grateful he still wants me at all and not worry whether he loves me or not. How many times have I run this stupid game? And he’s always there to pull my ass out, beat it black and blue, and set me on my feet again. How many times should he have to do that? Why does he keep doing it?”
“Oh?  Were you sour?  I didn’t notice.  Truth is, I just needed you to fuck me, and that didn’t look like the kind of place that allows that kind of thing on the tables.”
He looked at her sternly. “They wanted Mated Omegas, Kali. Mated but without mates. They wanted someone who would be so lost to grief they wouldn’t put up a fight, and they wanted someone who could never Trigger with a customer and accidentally Mate during a transaction. They fucking murdered my Mate to get at ME, Kali!”
“Absolutely.”
The Doms stood facing the crowd with their legs aggressively wide and their arms crossed over their chests. Some wore leather strap harnesses, but most were bare.
Cas handed his burdens to Cain while Dean ran the meter around his brother’s naked body. “Of course, Omega. You should be able to sleep through the night. You’ll awake in the morning in the full throes of Heat, but you won’t be alone. Are you still comfortable with alpha Cain? It’s okay to change your mind.”
A few hours later, in the middle of the night, Castiel awoke first, groggy but aware of himself. He scowled at the cold mess and groaned at the protest of sore muscles. But looking down between them in the faint light of the ceiling rails, the damage he’d wrought upon his mate’s body took him aback. Cas sighed softly and shuffled backward, sitting up. His muscles objected, but he ignored his own state. He nudged toward her with his side of the Mating-bond and found it still closed. Slowly, he eased it open, careful not to wake her, and he explored her physical sensations from the inside. He inspected the color of her dreams. He searched her mind, soft in sleep. She would need a painkiller and ointment.
Dean rolled his eyes and strode out of the room, pausing in the doorway to beckon Cas with a twitch of his head.  Cas followed him into one of the guest rooms and closed the door behind him, still cuddling the pup.
He breathed for a few more moments and then righted himself. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me, Pete. One minute I’ve got it all figured out: I’m a nineteen, and I have powers of compulsion that no one can explain, and I can do all these magical things that no one else can do, and the next minute, I’m just another fucking Omega.” He left his hands on her legs. He needed the touch.
“No, you won’t.”  His voice came back to its normal volume.  He sounded like Sam again.  He sounded like a very tired, very sad version of the man she loved.  “You need me to prove I can handle you.  You need to be forced, or you’re always going to think I’m weak; too weak to deserve you.  So, let me explain something to you, my mate.”  He shifted his fist and flipped her head around so the opposite cheek was pressed against the wall.  He leaned against the reddened cheek, warm and pink from its time against the paneling, and he whispered very softly.
“No, Sir.  I’m responsible for my behavior.  With all due respect, you don’t control me.”  Dean began to feel antsy again.  He wanted to get started, not have a lengthy philosophical discussion.
How was that supposed to change the nature of Dean’s brat?
For the alpha, the sight of any Omega in flight would always be enough to trigger a chase, but the sight of his own mate in frantic flight drove him insane with the need to pursue and capture.  Dean lost himself in the chase, ignoring the burning of his lungs and his thighs to the sole objective of capturing and defeating the Omega who dared run from him.
“We’re done, Zeke,” Cas told him firmly.  “Hers is on me.”
“Twenty-nine,” Dean grumbled, sliding out of the sleek automobile he despised so much. “One more year before I’m old. I’ll kill them if they used glitter this year.”
Michael chewed on the word for a few moments.  Dean was right that he wouldn’t appreciate being called ‘Mother’ or any derivative of a feminine name.  O-Pop.  It was masculine enough, but it kept his Omega status right out front and seemed so permanent.  His mind swirled with images of young, happy faces running toward him, their arms outstretched to be lifted into the air and calling out to him, “O-Pop!  Did you see me?!”
“Michael, would you please do me the courtesy this evening of putting a block between yourself and your mate?  It’s a show of trust, I know, but we would appreciate the privacy.”  Castiel was staring thoughtfully into his water glass as he spoke.
“No?  I didn’t hear you itemize any felonies in your list, Dean.  I’ve killed people.  I committed unethical acts to protect you that would get me stripped of my medical license if they came to light.  I don’t deserve you.  I don’t deserve to be Alpha for any of you.  I don’t deserve the trust that Raphael, and Jody, Adam, Becky, Charlie…all put in me.  I don’t deserve any of it because I’m a selfish prick, and I’ll sacrifice anyone who gets between me and whatever I want.  I feel like the hammer is going to fall any minute now and strip me of everything, and I’m going to deserve whatever comes.  Benny was right.  I’m leading everyone over the cliff.”
“No, you’re not!” Cas told him firmly, Alpha tone fully engaged. “This is Michael’s test. He asked for a beta and throwing him someone who might challenge him now would change the dynamic between him and Adam. That’s what we’re tracking. The beta’s just going to be there as a prop. I’m not going to give him everything he wants. We’re not going to scour The Facility for a ten-inch hero. He gets what’s available. More than size, he needs compliance. We need a beta-Sub, and that means Garth. Sit your ass back down in that chair, Benedict, or get out. You are overruled.” Benny sank back down and turned back to the monitor he was in charge of, sulking.
Cas answered somberly. “A wolf cannot function rationally in separation from its own Secondary gender. She may have killed the wolf, and while that’s a tragedy and a crime against herself, it isn’t a threat to her sanity. It would simply mean she loses the side of her that arises from the wolf. Tertiary genders fade with age anyway. It’s something of a surprise to know that at her age, Mother’s wolf was still vibrant enough to be a nuisance to her.”
“I’m sure Gabriel knows.”  Cas ran a hand through his own hair.
“I never hated you,” he disagreed. “I am very angry, and I won’t tolerate the kind of behavior I’ve grown to expect from you. But neither Gabe nor I ever hated you.” He pulled her chin gently but firmly until she was looking up at him. Her eyes were bottomless despair. “You owe Gabe more than you do me. Start there.”
“Cas…!”
“Good.  We’ll be leaving early in the morning, as you know.  Alpha Maureen will return before morning.  April, I expect you to get back to work tomorrow.  I expect you to follow the rules we discussed.  I don’t expect you to take any abuse from Nicholas, and you will have both Maureen and Matthew to assist you in keeping things civil.”
Cas raised one finger.  Wait.
Michael sat up and went serious.  “I’ll pay for it, no question, but Pop’s not just our father, he’s also your Alpha.  They will probably want a sign-off from him.”  Rachel’s face closed off.  “You’re going to have to face up to him eventually, kiddo.  Maybe this is what you stand up to him about.  You said yourself he was coming around a little.”
“Good to hear you keeping your word, Michael,” Dean told him softly.  “Thank you for not fighting me on this.  I know it’s unpleasant, but you need it.  We need to settle up.  You lied to me, man.”
He swung again, screaming as he landed blow after horrible blow, ultimately shouting a torrent of profanity into the still winter night, sweating beneath his coat, sweating enough that his grip slipped more than once.
“I can’t answer that, Alpha.  I can tell you what most Ozzies experience, but I leave it to you to determine if it fits your relationship.”  Ellen met his eye bravely.  He had a solid red ring all the way around both pupils.  He was an intimidating presence like that.  His eyes bored into hers.  “It’s usually not the Omega who needs to cling to the persona of helplessness, Sir.  It’s the alpha mate.  There’s an unstated challenge in letting go of the need once it’s met.  If your Ozzie is just a person, that might mean she’s your equal in some things.  Could you handle that?  I hate to be the bearer of uncomfortable news, but most alphas cannot stomach an Ozzie who is in any way an equal.  I pray you are not most alphas.  I pray for both your sakes.  Only you know what your Alpha and your wolf can allow.”
Sam hit the top limit for the level he was assigned to deliver, hit it with regret.  He felt like a few more wouldn’t hurt.  Maybe an exclamation point to the essay he wrote across her ass might make all the difference.  But that wasn’t his call either, and this one had Castiel’s name on the form.  Cas wasn’t one to go easy on a repeat offender.  If he’d assigned less than Sam would have, there was a reason.  Sam was in no position to challenge the Alpha’s directive.
Dean had turned on his heel.  His head was buzzing and his heart was pounding in his ears.  He walked away from the hysterical beta.  He entered the bedroom, grabbed his clothes, which a disconnected part of his brain registered had been laundered since yesterday afternoon.  God, Cas really thought of everything.  He dressed without answering Meg’s question.  She fell silent, trembling by the door; the room full of tension that he didn’t try to comprehend.
“We don’t need a conference, Sir.  You’re Alpha.”  Dean unbuckled his belt, unfastened his jeans, and shoved them down as he rounded Castiel’s desk to lean across it in his usual position.
“Um, they’re both asleep,” April offered from the couch.
Dean squawked, and Michael spewed his water.
Zachariah thought he was alone.  And why wouldn’t he?  At three in the morning, the house was asleep.  But Castiel wasn’t asleep, and neither was his father.
Fred laughed at that.  “I should not need to point out that your father sired two sons rather late in his adult life.  He was no celibate, Castiel.  I should not need to point out that your Ruts are not going to vanish merely because you find them distasteful.  You cannot solve this problem by avoiding it.  You are a sexual being like the rest of us, and you need physical contact.”
Dean’s crow’s feet deepened.  He nodded to himself.  He steered the car onto a perfectly situated pull-off and set her in park.  Her gas tank registered full.  He lowered the volume on Bon Jovi.  He stared out into the darkening night.
“Mm-hm,” Jake murmured.
match, beta.  You could find someone who
“Hi, Dean! Hi, Sam!” she shouted into the mic cheerfully.  “You’re my favorite, Sam, I want you to know.  But my question is for Dean.”  The two men shoved each other playfully on stage, ribbing good naturedly as if keeping score.  “So, if you’re an alpha, but also a Sub, like, do you usually do the pitching or the catching in bed?”
“Are you telling me you’re going into a H/R cycle fully fertile and you haven’t had one conversation with your mate, who is also, I hope you’ve noticed, fully fertile?”
“I’m sure it won’t take that long, Dean. Michael flares up fast, but he calms down quickly too. Let’s just wait and see. We’ll give him some space and keep an eye on him.”
Kali got up and crossed to her, taking her hand.  “We’ll be fine, Cas.  Leave her therapy schedule with me, and I’ll see to it.  I don’t have any pressing projects at work right now.”
but April pulled back away, shaking her head stubbornly.
here, Dean. You do what you want to do. Whatever that is will be acceptable. I don’t like that you’re in pain, but this isn’t mine to fix.”
Only at Dean.
Claire’s Omega gland Released, sending the tracer lines on their monitors to register a sharp peak and a dramatic drop followed immediately by the even higher parabolic line of the alpha’s Claim connecting at the juncture of Kaia’s teeth with Claire’s shoulder. The technicians watched their monitors. Cas’ eyes remained locked on the women, watching them, watching for a mirror response, watching for the lines of pain on Claire’s forehead to smooth. He could feel the Mating-bond forming between them, but only time would tell if what it revealed to each woman about her new partner was grace-blessed or terrifying.
“Was that for Tony?” asked the Alpha, arranging his mate comfortably on his own lap.
“Is everything okay over here?” Castiel asked with a wary expression.  He rested a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Yes, that’s right,” agreed Castiel but offered nothing further. The driver let it drop and got down to business. Castiel closed his eyes and tried to rehearse what he wanted to say. It didn’t do any good. His mind was blank. God-fucking-damnit. This was a terrible idea! Cas breathed hard through his nose. (I can do this,) he thought on repeat.
“DON’T lose the badge. Don’t come to work without it. The system screens for anything abnormal: drugs and alcohol, pregnancy, STDs, hormone imbalance, infections and illness, all kinds of science-medical crap that I don’t have to know. Don’t do ANY drugs that are not on your medical profile and keep up with your birth control. We’ve never had an accident here and we don’t want to start now.”  His eyes remained sharp as he spoke, not fucking around in the least. “When you’re on your own time, you fuck who you want, but you gotta report every instance of unprotected sex or sex with a new partner to your supervisor and medical immediately when you get to work next shift. They’ll assess your risks, limit your sexual contact with clients however they need to, and run tests for STDs until they’re sure you’re clear. Most of us just stick to fucking other Facility staff. Keeps the tests simple and keeps it all in the family, but it’s up to you. You go off and fuck some stranger you got no idea what they might be carrying, and you can just kiss ANY sexual contact onsite goodbye for the next six months.”  Jody just smirked at him. She was happily Mated and monogamous on her own time. It wouldn’t be a problem.
Cole just groaned. He tried, but relaxation was beyond his reach at the moment. Benny smoothed his hand over Cole’s clenched cheeks for a few passes until the beta managed to loosen up just a little. “There you go. You can do this. You’re going to be fine. It’s just a spanking…  Breathe for me, man.”  Cole took in a lungful and let it back out. He managed to keep his butt unclenched. Barely. For now.
to be a songwriter,” Cain grumbled.
“Yes,” Cas answered, turning slightly troubled.  “I’ll talk you through the handover tomorrow night.  But, Dean, more than worrying about my cycle, I’m beginning to feel that we’re losing ground on our mission.  We need to fast-track our initiatives or we’re not going to be ready for me to hand over the Directorship, not to Miles or anyone.  We’re not making the progress we need to have made by now.  I only have two more years.”
Cas grinned as she left.
“Is all of this secrecy really necessary?  We’ve been living together for months,” he groused.
“You leave him out of it, John!” Mary flashed at him, beta eyes blazing.  “This is between you and me, not Sam.”
“Right here, alpha.  Cross my heart.”  He cracked his green eyes a little bit as he took a deep swig.
An entire chapter of flashback.
upon your deception even after I made the new rule known to you.”
“You initiated a hardcore humiliation scene with no means for the sub to tap out?” Cas asked him, repulsed at the recklessness of apes.
“Adam is bonded to Benny,” Sam disagreed. “He adores his Alpha…”
I want you to think about what you really want from us.  Lupins are far more tribal than the Simians, and we need Pack to thrive.  You’re hunting for a pack here, aren’t you?  So, if you’re insisting that we conform to
Sam didn’t answer.  He pulled his brother’s boots off for him then unbuckled and removed Dean’s belt, sliding it through the loops and around his body.  He went for the button on Dean’s jeans.  Dean stopped him with a hand to his wrist.  “Leave it.”
“Yessir,” Dean finally mumbled into the corner.
“Um,” Michael stepped back, blushing. Damn Jamie and his sympathetic head tilts and his pointy little pencil.
“What about ‘pathologically stupid’?  What about that whole ‘target-on-my-back’ thing?” Michael asked carefully.  “The target’s still there, bigger than ever probably.  There’s no way I’ll be able to pull off something like that every time someone gets in my face.  Aren’t you afraid they’ll single me out for direct confrontation even more than before?”
“I’m reporting you,” the man sniffed.
There was a process here that Dean felt no need to question or doubt.
Castiel was pacing again.  “No, the only thing I can’t concede is giving all of his punishments to you.  I’m not going to do that.  I need it just as much as he does – just as much as you do – and it’s a very important way that we connect with each other.  If I always have to call you in when he challenges my authority, his wolf is going to lose all respect for me.  It’s not sustainable.  You and I need to work out a system where we each know what the other has done to or for him regarding his punishments.  The chastity punishment, for example; I needed to know about that or I might just break it without realizing it.  He’s brat enough, too, to play us against each other if we let him.  Work with me, please.  I’ll back you up, and you back me up.”
“Don’t you
“Yes, Dean. Thank you,” said Michael flatly then turned back to Pam.
“I’ll be back in a little over an hour,” he told Cas without looking up. He worked the key into the lock and sprung the door.
“The contract wing reported a True-Mate Trigger this morning,” Dean informed Cas upon the Alpha’s arrival. “That’s four for the quarter.”
“I don’t advise playing games with me right now, Dean Winchester.  I will ask you again.  Are you prepped for me?”
“Goodbye, Mother.  Please let me know if you wish to engage the services of our Pack council.  They are at your disposal as we discussed.”
“It’s not a matter of toughing it out, beta!” Dean growled at her.  “He’s in pain!  Help him!”
“Play? Yeah, of course I do. Where do you want me?”
Billie sighed. “He didn’t really want anything from us here today. He’s in town hunting for a spy. He spent an hour and a half with Sarah Blake. Bought her breakfast. He only stopped by The Facility to see if he could rattle your cage. You not being here was the best slap in the face we could’ve delivered.”
“Mmmmph!” explained Dean, rutting up. Cas dug in deep with his tongue, morning breath be damned. Finally breaking off the kiss, if you could call that assault a kiss, Dean greeted the Alpha. “Morning, man. Stay and watch with us. One more round to go. I thought you said he Released himself. I didn’t see any signs of that. Ooh, I saw the Claim though. That was incredible! My mate is a god!”
“I AM! You’re not a sacrifice! They don’t get to have you!”
“God, Dean, you’re so fucking beautiful!”  Michael’s awe-filled whisper barely reached Dean, but it made his forehead wrinkle with need and desire.
“Is that right?” he asked, stalking toward her with that predatory glint in his eye.  Dean emerged again and deliberately cut in front of Cas to slide into the bed, right in the middle.
“There you are, alpha. Welcome back, sir.”
Dean nodded, and Cas had a sinking feeling.  He didn’t say anything.  Dean was essentially unstoppable when he wanted to gift something to someone he cared about, and Castiel decided to go ahead and let him do it.  He watched silently as Dean fucked his figurines up again.
“Yeah, maybe a full strapping was overkill all this time.  Why the hell does this pillow smell like you?” Gabe asked, rolling back onto his back and snuggling back under the covers.
“You sure?”
“Maybe they haven’t conceived yet, but they’re clearly ready to start a family.”
“Do you trust me?” Cas asked.
Pack Alphas are busy all up in these parts.  Charlie's got a problem without a simple solution, but she turns it on its head with a classically Charlie solution.  Sam and Sarah get caught cutting corners, and it's not a fun resolution for either of them.  And as always, the heartbeat beneath it all, binding it all, stringing through it all...is Dean.
Cas tried not to chuckle, but Dean just had a way of phrasing things.
He scoffed. “All the time unless I’m following my Doms’ directions, and then only half the time.”
“What?!”
“No. You don’t smell anything like rain.” Dean watched his mate’s eyes.
“You people have some serious trust issues, Sam.”
“What do I do?” she asked in a trembling voice.
He chopped fresh garlic while he opened up the Mating-bond, checking on her state of mind and sending her assurance of his love.
Sam sighed, picked up his meal, leaving Dean’s on the table, and left.
Whew!  This went longer than I intended, but I wanted it all done and wrapped up.
“Certified,” he mumbled to himself. “Could mean anything. Certified in
Come quick!”
Michael shot him a Sam-worthy bitchface.
Cain’s breathing was turning ragged. His head fell forward to hang sadly chin to chest. “Just do it,” he begged.
Dean spun on his heel, his face red. “And isn’t that just the most convenient thing in the world for you? What’s next, C.J.? Doll him up in a tailored suit and teach him how to seduce a camera the way you taught me? Is there
…So they could Mate.
“Billie, I don’t know where the fuck I’m sleeping.  Ask Michael.  Or Cas.”  Dean slowly pulled off his own travel suit and draped all his clothes over the back of one of the chairs.  When he was naked, he stepped up to his mate and kissed him, smearing mayonnaise over his own lips.  Then he whispered to him, “You too, big man.  If I’m gonna do this, you’re doing it with me.  Or are you willing to let that tiny woman take it for you?”
Cas laughed and reached for Dean, hugging him across his shoulders in affection. He stayed cuddled in close once the hug ended. “No, you don’t have disciplinary authority over Naomi. She’s grandfathered as a widowed Alpha-Mate and as such, doesn’t fall in a direct ranking line with the rest of us. Gabriel is a different story. He’s active Pack and Omega, so yes, spank him when he needs it.”
Benny turned back to his three charges who seemed confused and decidedly nervous. He made his voice cool iron, “Come with me.”  And he left the control room, not bothering to hold the door for them.
“You’re mad,” he said quietly, still very much inflamed, but whispering. “I’ve heard you play. I’ve watched you get so immersed in your work that you don’t eat or sleep unless I make you.” Or Michael makes you, April added in her head absently. “How can you pretend that you can walk away from that? Don’t think you can hide behind me. I know today was a setback and you’re scared, but quitting is not an option for you. My need can wait.”
Locked in, locked away from the scent of mate, Castiel’s instincts warred with each other.  His fight instinct told him to defeat every wolf in the room, dominate and conquer.  The fresh air in the scenting room though, also cut the intensity of the odor enough that Cas managed to get almost full use of his faculties back.  He shook his head, sloughed the remaining hands from his person, and stood panting in the middle of the room.  Benny, Cole, and Sam arced around him, blocking him from trying to burst through the door.
“Shit, Dean!” Michael whispered furiously, stretching to end the intercom call as Dean outright giggled. “He’s gonna storm in here with a full medical cart.”
Meg rolled her eyes. “No way. That would be a disaster. The guy does panels like he’s on speed. Besides, he’s in one-on-ones all afternoon.”
“Jody, please,” Michael whined. “I said I was sorry. It won’t happen again.”
“Look, man, you were due back this morning anyway. You couldn’t have helped from Arizona, and you couldn’t have gotten here any faster without chartering a jet. She needed to sleep.”
“I don’t have time for that!”
She stiffened and started to protest, but he put a finger over her lips.  He wasn’t finished yet.
“Whose Submissive are you, Dean Michael?!” he demanded right in Dean’s face.
“It’s not like that. I get really turned on when Dean gets punished, it’s true, but I love him, and I hate it when he’s in trouble. There’s a difference. One is about me and my…kinks, the other is about Dean. I don’t want him in trouble. I really don’t.”  Although she wouldn’t mind Dean taking his share of swats right now. He’d thrown her under every wheel on the bus, and she fumed privately.
Dean would be fine.  As a Board-licensed physician, Castiel was equally capable of treating wounds as he was of inflicting them.  In fact, Dean looked spectacular.   He lounged on the sofa on his side with his long limbs stretching like a cat.  Castiel huffed at the feline image in his head as he bent over the back of the sofa and bandaged the gouges on Dean’s back.  How could someone so innately Canine look so much like a cat when he relaxed?
Cain’s room sat above the woodshop, where Sarah’s was over the garage. They were neighbors, of a sort, both happy to be ensconced far removed from the Master suite. But they made prickly neighbors at times. Michael watched as Cain monitored Sarah disappearing down the hall. He thought he caught a flick of Cain’s eyes toward the stairwell, but the alpha only shook his head and retreated back into his room with a snick of the doorlatch.
“Hear you loud and clear, Alpha!” Ellen shot back, uncowed.  For an Omega, she was annoyingly hard to intimidate.  Cas relinquished the radio and began pacing the perimeter of the room, looking for a way directly through to the girl he needed.
Raphael narrowed his eyes. He wasn’t falling for it, but he did finally get to the bed, and he put a knee up on it.
Dean whined.
He has no idea. Dean walked in on me playing one of my songs on a break, so he knows, but I can’t! I can’t risk it! I have to wait until I can figure out how to make it safer. I can’t hear no right now. Besides, the school can teach me so much that I really need to learn.”
Love to everyone.  Thanks especially to my friend in Greece.  You're a delight, and I look forward to some playful collaborations.
“Yessir,” Sam said shakily.  He pushed himself off and ambled awkwardly out the door, returning quickly with a shuffling half quick-step.  He had a wicked switch in his shaky hand.
“’Bout ten minutes.  We’re on the road now.”
Dinner was very nearly a Friday night Pack dinner for all the discussion they needed to wade through. Sam and Jess were heading home right after dinner, ready for their own bed and a chance to prove they could cut it as parents of two mewling needy pups.
“I’ll talk with her.  We need to get to the bottom of this.  Until it’s straightened out, she needs to take tighter custody.  For whatever reason, he may not be capable of that level of responsibility.  We need to do it for him for a while longer, it seems.”
Michael put a hand on Dean’s back and felt him trembling in pain.  “Shh.  You’re doing well, baby.  Just a little more to go, then we’re finished and it’ll all be over.”  Michael’s wolf knew what to do: comfort the child and hold him tight through the last and then push through with a mighty unleashing of lightning to give the masochist a full meal.
***************
I demand that you submit yourself to me in punishment, in
Cas sighed. “It’s hard, Dean, but it’s manageable.” There was a brief moment where their weak double bond—just a parody of the ones Dean shared with Michael—flared with regret from both sides as their eyes spoke of wishes for a chance to bring pups into the Pack together—shared wishes that could never be granted. Sam and Jess weren’t alone in mourning a family that could never exist, despite the alternatives available to all of them. It wasn’t the same thing. Dean reached for Castiel’s hand, his brow furrowing. Cas squeezed again and then let it go, so Dean moved the conversation into safer waters.
“Famished,” Cas answered. “And thirsty.”
“Of course, Alpha.” Crowley slid into the rear-facing seat opposite Cas, leaving the door for Mick to close. Which he did with a quick, sweeping look around first. “Dinner, first. I booked a private room at the Oakwood. It’s not Kansas City steaks, mind you, but it’s not exactly dogfood. The wine list is acceptable.” Crowley tapped the back of his seat, and the driver steered toward the airport exit.
“Dean is out this morning, running errands. He will return shortly.”
“I’m ready, alpha. I feel good. I want to be a Pack Omega. I want to have your Claims, all of you.”
Busy chapter.
Sam deferred to his brother. Dean licked his lips. “You mean that if Cain challenges me, and I lose, then Sam can kick my ass that same night, and I drop down twice?!”
“Why would an Omega like Gabriel put himself at such a risk for strangers?  I mean, I get wanting to help, but Jesus, to actually go in there like that and risk getting caught?  Is he insane?”
Charlie took April by the hand and hauled her up. Jess directed her by the hips toward the piano bench.
As I figure myself out in the Timestamps, I make no promises to keep them chronological.  I've begun using the set date as the Chapter title so that if I do backtrack on myself, as I fully expect to do, there will be some form of pin to keep things straight.
mate? Did he think he was scoring points with the Alpha? Did he think it was going to buy him anything, the brown-noser? It was almost funny to watch Michael panting after Castiel, hanging on his every word, offering to do his bidding.
“Castiel, if I ever say no to that, shoot me.  I’m rabid.”  Dean stepped up his pace and hauled the man up the stairs and into their bedroom.  It was empty.  Mates had evidently found something wholesome to occupy their evening with, if Cas’ bond link told him truthfully, but his intentions were far from wholesome, and he kicked the door closed with his foot as he walked Dean backward toward the bed.  Dean went where he was put, and he rolled his face up to meet Castiel’s as the Alpha curled down over him, laying him out flat on his back.
“Yeah. Thanks, man. I still miss her a lot. My old man is still around, but he’s so lost in the bottle, he may as well have died when she did. He gave the house to me when I turned seventeen and walked away. I haven’t seen him in a couple of years, but we drop a line every now and then. He’s a good man, and I miss him, but I can’t help him. Sam and I both tried, but he doesn’t want any help. He just wants to wallow and wait to join Mom, you know?” Dean paused with his eyes on the portrait. “So anyway, enough about that. Let’s get lunch and talk. We have a lot to talk about.”
“The preliminary report off 68-437 is out.  Wanted to go over it with you both.”
“As do you,” Bobby shot back.  “As you
“They didn’t have a choice,” said April over her shoulder.  “Everything comes together today and tomorrow.  They wouldn’t have left if they didn’t have to.”
Michael shouted, trying unsuccessfully to brace himself from the onslaught. Dean’s grunts bounced off the high ceiling as he began to sweat over Michael’s back. His thighs, already tired, burned with exertion, but he gritted his eyes and jaw and went for it. The friction, the heat, the sounds and scrambling from his mate, the sensations bouncing between them through their bond. Dean was Sub, but he was acting alpha, and it confused him internally to the point where every part of him crashed against every other. Cas’ eyes on him made him lose his rhythm, but he re-centered and dove right back into it. He had a mate to Claim. Michael stretched his arms out, reaching the headboard with his fingertips and stopping his forward migration with a bracing pressure.
“And what have the other students been doing for the last two weeks?”
Brian tore his eyes off John’s little face and crossed the room to check on Henry. “She’s coming by in an hour or two to talk to you, beta. It looks good. He’s made a lot of progress over the last couple of days, but it’s Doc’s call.” Brian looked down at the wiggling form on the bench and rearranged the rolled blanket to tuck it closer against his side. This pup preferred to feel encased, contained. Henry hated the feel of open space around him. Comforted, the pup stilled a bit and continued his inspection of his father’s face.
“Michael.”
April’s body showed remarkably little sign of trauma.  There was no tearing to stitch up.  No excess bleeding.  Meg and Missouri took her vitals, assessed her condition, checked and rechecked that she’d come through unscathed.  The placentas were all intact.  April was beat.  But she was healthy.  And all three pups got clean bills from Dr. Leahy, who signed with her hands as she spoke to April, her diction slurred by her own incapacity to hear herself speak, but her words intelligible.
“Does anyone want out?” Cas asked, braver than he felt. “Is anyone starting to feel their commitment waver? We still have a long way to go. There’s no dishonor in stepping back to focus on a different part of all of this. I know that each one of you has reasons that continuing forward might not be the best thing for him personally.”
They sat in the shade of the garage, in the stilted echo of the enclosed car, both looking straight ahead, and they left themselves naked to each other.
“It takes concentration,” Michael answered. “But I think anyone could learn to do it. I’ve seen you do two of them before. When you’re deep in a punishment that you really need, sometimes you’re alpha and Sub at the same time.”
“Yessir,” she mumbled.
“That gives you six days.  Use ‘em well.  I’ll pick up and move Michael into the fucking Pool house or something.  It’s not like we’re really spending that much time alone anyway.  Plan a big vacation with her when she’s put her time in at work and she earns it.  Tell her you’re proud of her, and then back her up and prove it.”  Dean lead the way around the house to the back once more, and Sam followed like a kicked puppy.  His disappointment poured off him in sheets.  “She’s not going anywhere, man.  Whether you do it now or later, you’ve got time.”
“It’s not a … denigration.  It’s … … simple truth.”  Cas slowed to a stop, huffing hard.  “Switch positions?”
Cas startled. “Of course it is. Do you imagine I would try to force you?”
“No complaints, sir,” Dean whispered hoarsely.
“Please, Jack,” she whimpered. His free hand found its way between their bodies, and he stroked them together smoothly, holding her eye while he flicked fingertips over the end, smearing slick precome around both heads. She was smaller than he, in girth and length, but she had him on sensitivity, and she threw her head back at the sensation. “Want you in me,” she moaned. “Please!’
Jess stayed glued to Sam’s side. She had stories of her own about John. She’d known that Sam’s father never felt she was mate material for his son, but she’d watched him stifle the words. He’d always had a kind word for her—when he was sober, that is. When he was drunk, sometimes his tongue sharpened into a weapon, but Jess had always respected the deliberate way he suppressed his mean side when his faculties were sharp, choosing kindness on purpose and eschewing a hurtful base-setting in an act of pure willpower. John
“How much longer?” Michael groaned. He lay flat on his back in the playroom with Dean’s hand stroking his cock so slowly it could never be more than a tease.
She scoffed.
“No, Maureen!  Everyone does NOT need that.”  Dean readied his points to explain how every single relationship in his life was bound and secured by
for me, Alpha.”
“Dean!  Stop!  He’s down!  Alpha, can you hear me?”  Michael tried to catch Dean’s arm as he rared back again and again, but he couldn’t get hold.
Heading back down the corridor, Sarah realized that the tour served an interesting and likely intentional purpose of humanizing the pack.  This house was grand and elegant.  It was old money, spruced into modern good taste.  There weren’t claw marks down the warm wooden wall panels.  There was no broken glass, speaking of violence unkenneled.  The art work on the walls was fascinating and thoughtful, not crude.  The house was a powerful statement to the humanity of the people living here.  They couldn’t be beasts and choose to live this way.
A priest, a businesswoman, a college professor who looked remarkably like Castiel (but wasn’t).
Dean bit his lower lip and turned away from his mate without speaking, his eyes on April and Nicholas.
“Ass up,” Sam instructed, carrying the energy he’d just used to stifle his brother into his play with Kate. She scrambled to roll over. Sam struck her ass dead-center, ten or twelve times fast, far harder than he had Dean. He tangled his fingers into her hair and wrenched her head back. She squealed, trying to maintain her grip at her lower back, trying not to let her imbalance force her to piss him off again. She hung from his fist in her hair, precarious on her knees, working hard to raise her hips and present her ass with her chest dangling the way it was. She widened her knees. That helped. She arched her back and raised her hips.
“Are your nipples sensitive, alpha?  Would you pinch them for me?”
You don’t have the right to put your own needs in front of every other thing that goes on in the world! I’m all gooey inside that you love me this much, man, but you don’t get to tie everything you care about down so it can’t walk away from you. I’m not leaving YOU! But I
Bobby smirked. “You had to leash the big guy, I suspect. You worried about what’s going to go down next time he gets his paws on Dean?” Bobby asked, then he nodded to Zeke as the bartender approached. “Just water, Zeke. Thanks.”
“Bullshit,” Dean maintained stubbornly. “No one pushes you into a decision you don’t want to make, especially not one that directly affects your family, especially not one that stems from your disobedient brat. You
“She said Michael wouldn’t need to snack on clients if he was getting enough to eat at home.” Dean’s cheeks reddened, and he focused on helping Kat put toys in the bin she’d just dumped.
Dean scoffed rudely. “That’s not Submissive.”
“Mm,” hummed Cas.  “Good.  And he’ll watch out for you, too.  But, you know, this isn’t what I wanted to talk about straight off while I was waiting for you to wake up.”
“Yep.  Alpha’s bringing the dude here to her, so she can stay on as Head Nurse.  Some Englishman who goes by his last name.”
He dashed her hopes with his next statement.
They hadn’t had a phone number or an address for about a year and a half now. Dean had told himself over and over that he was going to get around to searching his dad back up any week now, but he just needed a little more time to dig up the strength. Now it didn’t matter anymore whether he found the strength or not. Time and decay had caught up with all of them.
“What does Bobby have to say about it?”
Warning for fetal death in-utero.
“Good boy,” Dean whispered to him.  He pressed in slowly.  “I’m here, Omega,” Dean promised as he moved tenderly into his mate’s body.  Michael’s bruised backside, his swollen channel, his sore nipples, his expanding waistline, Dean worshipped every inch.  He beat back the voices in his own head decrying how he could ever have taken this gift for granted, and he stood proudly on the pinnacle of Deep alpha assertion and drove the point home again and again; the point that he belonged in that place up there.
“I see,” he said into the stilted silence. “Bee in your bonnet, Winchester?”
“It’s a trap,” he exclaimed, causing a quickly stifled guffaw from Jack.
“Right away, sir. I’m so glad you’re back!”
“Your wolf isn’t concerned about a contract,” Dean pointed out. “That was your wolf on Friday, right? Were you there too? Were you there at all?”
Michael worked Dean’s asshole over with his tongue until his tongue went numb. Languorously, Michael eased his body up over Dean’s back, draping himself like a panther over a tree branch and leaned down to drag his tongue up Castiel’s cock from the base to the mid-section that disappeared into Dean’s mouth. He looked up at the Alpha from a lust-daze, letting Dean hold him up.
Fresh from a Release, a renewed Claim to her bond and her Mating-scar, and a full D.F. from her mate – something he’d never offered her before – April was firing on all cylinders.  She was calm and assertive, decisive, energetic.  She felt a powerful creative wave sweep over her, and she rode it effortlessly under Matt’s steady hand.  Complex rhythms and harmonies spilled from beneath her fingertips, caught in digital form as the recording equipment Mark installed captured every note she played, even during breaks and idle moments.
“No, no, we’re on our way, but we can’t get there that fast.  It’s what…how much longer Dean?”
Cas gave up on the stain and chuckled at his own absurdity.  He wasn’t worried about Michael finding out.  He wasn’t.  Cas was Alpha after all.
Castiel smiled into the phone. “Two down, Dean. One to go.”
It was a chaotic mess.  Everyone shouting, everyone reaching, punches thrown, kicks landed, hair tangled into someone’s fist.  The would-be mates fought desperately to reach each other, but they drew blood every time they got close enough.
“We could still do that,” Helene offered. “Together.”
It's been a really, really long week.  Had this chapter running in circles in my head, but no opportunity to write it all down, and every time it circled through it was different, and I was all like, "Aaargh! I'm going to forget that phrase!"  I've about decided that employment sucks.  Although I've been on the other side of that penny, and that sucks worse, so...
“Shit, Sammy.  I hadn’t even thought about it.  I have no idea.”
“You’re okay with having Michael under the microscope with the rest of the pack?  You’re okay with April getting her share of scrutiny?  We’re all going to end up published, Dean.  You get that, right?”
“YES!  She wants to.”
, Dean Michael?”
“Do you have anywhere you need to be today Dean?” Cas queried although he was reasonably sure he knew the answer.
“You could have killed yourself, you dumb prick!” Sam countered, and his voice broke.  Dean’s frown turned apologetic, and his brow furrowed in concern.
April didn’t continue with the teasing. She could tell he was nearing a full boil inside, dreading having to explain himself to Dean. “Yes, Cas.” She moved her hand to his on his steering wheel. Reminding him that she had made the leap to using his name helped, and he grasped her fingers tightly and set them near the console between them. “I get it,” she continued as he drove. “But don’t you know that you don’t have to choose between us? Stop trying to do that, Alpha. It doesn’t have to work that way. It
“What does a week’s worth of fluffing look like?” Max asked, following Castiel out of the car.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jonathon Miles gave him the littlest hint of a way in, but the ACRI had cut that route off at the source. Donna—her name was Donna, right?—Donna had disappeared. She didn’t even seem to have an address. Her mail went straight to The Facility itself. The whole thing was a puzzle that had Crowley ready to bash his head through a brick wall. Jonathon hadn’t cracked either. He stayed silent and slightly amused as Crowley nearly lost his shit during what was supposed to have been an intimidating ‘interview’ but had turned out merely to highlight that Crowley had no leverage over the Boy Scout who was now running Operations in Dayton. Jonathon simply blinked innocently at him.
“Yes, I am.”
Cas scoffed. “The rules are the first things you abandon when you play this game, and you know it. If I thought a rule would stop you, I would’ve placed a ‘No Tests’ rule long ago.”
“Everyone’s different, Dean.  Everyone has weaknesses.  The Pack’s purpose is to flow over one another’s weaknesses in a way that makes everyone as stable as they can be.  You know that April’s got much the same issue, don’t you?  She would falter in a minute without someone scheduling her day for her.  And yet, she is an amazing musician, a master mind-reader, and a hell of a Submissive.  Her deficiencies are no worse than mine are, or yours.  They’re just different.”
“Yeah, I think so. Just give me a little space to work.” They worked it out between them. Michael was arranged with his hands out wide against the countertop, bent at the waist just a bit, his feet wider than shoulder width, a scowl on his face. His flaccid dick ignored between his legs, Michael tightened up almost unconsciously. Dean pulled the bottle of synthetic slick out of the drawer.
“In a manner of speaking,” Dean replied. “Adam’s car is still here, so I doubt she’s asleep.”
Dean nudged him with his shoulder.  “What about, ‘Listen to your Dad, young lady’?  Direct her back to me.  ‘S’all I’m asking.”
“Yeah, probably not if you never ask him and you try to manipulate it out of him. Cas will respect you far more if you talk to him directly.”
Michael used subtle mental direction to press Dean’s weight backward into his heels to accentuate the pain in his backside before the sting faded altogether. He felt the brief battle in Dean’s head over complying versus obstinate refusal. The debate ended with resolution to behave for his Sir and a bit of overemphasis to his grinding his ass into his heels. Nothing showed on the Sub’s face. As always, the knowledge that Michael, alone, would ever have access to that side of Dean was a rush. This morning, reveling in their bonds was enough. Michael clenched his core and fed the soreness of his channel to his mate like a morsel of breakfast.
“Get your drink.”  Dean stood up. “We’re going home.”
She grabbed his arm as he started to leave.  “Sam, you took far worse than I did.  I should be taking care of you.”
“What about four?” Sam asked him.
He’d already walked himself carefully back with April on the drive home, sullenly reproving himself as he rephrased it for her. It was a dick thing to have to do when she was already devastated by her rejection, but her emotions felt relatively stable after their argument and subsequent resolution. Yelling at each other in the shade of old growth oak trees seemed to have driven her into a different headspace, given her a level perspective where her disappointment at being summarily rejected lost its sting beneath the promise of starting a family. The knowledge that he’d finally agreed to move toward fathering pups with her smoothed everything else over. Apparently. In the seat beside him, her emotions felt shuttered and her expression looked smug… until he pulled into the garage and she spotted Dean waiting to comfort her.
Once the cameras cut feed, Cain caught her up and spun her right there by the piano. “You were magnificent!”
“Yeah,” she said glumly.  “Damned if you do, damned if you wait.  I’m going to be gray before someone wants me, and by then it will only be out of desperation.”
Gabe didn’t respond to his rude upheaval. He merely stood, pulled the chair back upright and made himself comfortable again, tossing one of Castiel’s stress balls to himself as he spoke. “I’m worried about you, Castiel.” He paused, and after a moment rested both feet, crossed at the ankles, upon Cas’ desk. “Not sleeping very well, are you? Having trouble concentrating on your work? Word around the halls says you rarely eat in the cafeteria with the Pack anymore, and I wonder if you’re eating much at all. Your eyes kinda sank into your face. You look like shit.” Gabriel delivered the whole thing without once looking away from the ball as he tossed it into the air, caught it, and repeated.
“No, Alpha,” she said when it was clear her nonverbal commentary wasn’t sufficient.
Submissive or not, Dean needed no further encouragement to knot the shiny, swollen channel. Dean pressed up behind Michael, walking on his knees to get centered, and he pressed deep inside him with a loud grunt and a groan of pure pleasure. His instruction had been clear: knot the Omega. So that was his goal. He didn’t have leeway to tease or draw it out. He hadn’t been told to tweak his nipples or nip at his skin. He had one instruction, and he strove diligently to achieve it. Diligence was code in this case for fucking the Omega like a maniac.
Sam produced his paddle, met first Michael’s eye, and then Castiel’s for final permission then started swinging.  Dean was a hard case.  He could take a great deal of pain, and he was pretty deep inside his wolf.  Sam set his jaw.  Keeping in mind how much force he could use to turn Dean’s ass bright red without adding any bruises, he let his wolf funnel all of the frustration from his own humiliating punishment at the meeting into working his brother over.  He landed swat after swat.  Dean went up onto his tiptoes, and his cheeks clenched just before each blow landed.  His hands reached across the desk and clutched the far side, holding himself steady.  His forehead pressed into the wooden surface of the desk.
“I expected you at my door yesterday, actually,” Cas admitted. “I’ve had to do some juggling to keep Billie poised to catch something critical in my absence. What it fell to is substantially more than I planned to drop in her lap.” Cas chuckled again, his gaze lengthening as his mind turned internal. “It’s a good thing I trust her as much as I do. She’s got my entire mission in her hands right now.”
“Cookies!” Gabe blurted. “Anyone hungry? Michael, get Fred on the horn. Tell him the butter ones with icing.”
“If it felt good to you to stay up in your room following his instructions doing something you’re not especially interested in doing, how much better is it going to feel when you get the chance to do what you were born to do with his full support?”  Balthazar leaned back against the wall of lockers and crossed his arms over his chest.  Michael gaped at him.  “Think about it.  Maybe you and he have a parallel life goal.  Maybe you’re meant to be doing this crusade side-by-side.  And I know you’re ready to get started, but he’s not ready yet.  If you’re right about this though, he’s getting there.  It sounds like he’s got a massive barrier to get around first.  You and Castiel are chipping away at that barrier from the outside, and Dean – at least some part of him – is whacking away from the inside.  Before you realize it, viola, no more barrier.”
“That was…” Kimmel started.
He waited.
“Did you know he was going to propose this tonight?” Michael asked.  “Did he tell you?”  He shifted forward to put most of his weight on his lower thighs just above his knees.
Cas could wait.
Dean squinted, but he couldn’t see anything. That voice. It was familiar, but he couldn’t place it.
Cain smiled.  “First rule of Fight Club…”
“You fucked up, Alpha.  Didn’t you?  You lied to me!  You broke your word, and you
, please, Sir!  I need some pressure, PLEASE!  Just…  A little…” Dean was more than frustrated.  His Dom was torturing his mouth with pathetically flimsy kisses.  Had been doing it for much too long already.  Dean couldn’t manage a lip-lock at all, try though he might.
“How do you breathe under there?” he asked rhetorically just before kissing into her mouth.  She tasted minty.  She’d already been up and about if her morning breath was gone.  He sent her regrets that he couldn’t say the same, but she dove back in for another deep kiss and let him pull her into the movement of his hips.
“Sam, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to pry.  That was rude of me.”
“Uh-huh.”  Michael blocked the door.
Oh.  Maybe not harder after all.
“Sam!” she shouted as his hips began a deep, powerful, demanding rhythm.  Her eyes had slipped closed as her chin raised to bare her tender throat.  It was a cry of wanting, of longing, of fulfillment.  She knew him.  He startled and looked at her closely again.  Really looked at her face.  Sam growled and whined in one strange vocalization, his fucking never slowing down.  He knew her, too.  He knew her well.  He hadn’t seen her since they were young together, but he could only blame his initial failure to recognize his first girlfriend on sight on the altered state of mind brought on by the rush of Mating-hormones and the changes her facial features had undergone as she matured.
“Fuck me, alpha,” the Omega begged. “Please.” Another gush of slick issued forth from his hole and ran in thick rivulets down his thigh. Dean’s eyes fixated on the flow, and he pulled Michael in as he sank down to run his tongue through the sticky mess. Dean lapped at both thighs, and then he sank his teeth into the back of his Omega’s leg, right at the curve where it turned into tender inner-thigh flesh.
“Look,” Uriel broke in, facing Cas directly and dropping the circling pattern. “I know what’s at stake. I know Billie is sweating bullets. I know what she means to you. Damnit, Alpha, she means the same to me. But you’re overstepping. I’m gonna need you to back up before you spook the woman, piss her off, and find her bolting off to set up a pack with that assistant of hers.”
“Why does it feel like I’m being led to my execution?” asked Cas flatly.
“Nothing,” Michael dismissed.  “Just a stupid argument.”
“Thank you,” she said, following as he glided out into the foyer.  A quick glance over her shoulder told her that Cas had closed in on Sam, but whether to obtain a drink of his own, to continue castigating the beta, or for some other reason, she didn’t know.  Sam didn’t look worried.  His gaze on his Pack Alpha’s face was focused, not fearful.
“Is that code?” she asked rudely.
“I played, uh, Joseph,” he said distractedly, flipping the page again and huffing a small laugh at a memory that surged up.
“It sucked ass as usual, alpha,” Michael told him.  “I swear Professor Linnear has it out for me.  No one else in the class gets called down like a six-year-old.  I’m barely allowed to breathe in that room.  And by the time I get home, the pups are already headed to bed.  I’m missing everything!  And for what?  So some ass-monkey can tell me to sit still and keep my hands to myself?”
, love. Not like I love him. And even if he did, it wouldn’t matter. You say there’s gotta be a way, but there isn’t. There isn’t, Sam! Sometimes I think about nothing but this. You got any fucking idea how many times I’ve been through this? I’ve been over every possible crappy scenario there is, man!”  Dean’s voice cracked and his eyes moistened. Damnit.
“I’m trying to keep an open mind and not fill my head with presuppositions,” she answered.
Castiel spent the day in meetings. He had fundraising to do. He had lobbying to accomplish, despite being in the wrong city. There were people here whose ears ran direct connections to the voting buttons in Washington D.C. Castiel had work to do and insufficient time to accomplish it all. Billie’s presence was sorely missed, but he managed without her. By the end of the day, nearly all of his goals were met except for keeping himself fed. He was starving, having worked straight through lunch. He trudged down the hall to his hotel room exhausted and ready to call it a day.
Jess stroked the tiny furry head gently, captivated by every tiny aspect, every tiny movement, completely besotted. She rocked him smoothly in the homey rocking chair that looked entirely out of place in this sterile white institutional space. He fit seamlessly into the crook of her arm, a perfect length to lie across the stretch of her forearm to rest his tiny head upon her palm. She couldn’t look away.
He was in a great deal of pain.  Sam couldn’t stop his punishment from happening, but he could prevent the boy from taking a new injury.  Sam shortened the count and the intensity to the degree that he was allowed.  It was still a lot.  When he finished, he checked carefully, satisfied that he hadn’t added any new bruises and had still sent the ACRI’s message loud and clear that misbehavior wasn’t tolerated.
