"This okay?" the nurse looks over her shoulder at him, who nods before closing his eyes in order to fall asleep and hopefully forget everything.
"You like when I make love to you?" Castiel whispers in the teens ear, who nods shyly because the sound of his voice in his ear tickled in a way that sent delicious shivers up his spine. "Good thing I enjoy doing so-" his hand runs over the teens firm bottom, giving it a hard squeeze that makes his breath hitch. "Like that?" he gives it a gentle spank.
"Think I should call the landlord?" he asks, changing the subject since he's not getting laid anyway. Dean nods, "I'll call in the morning-" the digital clock on the bookshelf read
"I'm so scared-" Dean smiles and climbs up on top of the older man, planting his bare ass right up against his pubic bone-"  Castiel's erect cock is tapping against those plump ass cheeks.
"Take it-" Derek enforces, "I know you're freezing-" the teen nods and pulls on his jacket, instantly he's warm and feeling flushed in this man's jacket. Derek looks around before saying, "Is there a place around here where we can grab a bite? I haven't eaten all day-"
Dean shrugs again. "I heard the other boys in the class talkin' about me-" he rubs at his eyes but he doesn't cry. "-they said I was gay and they said that I-" he stops talking.
Dean on the other hand struggled to get out of class early due to his horrible instructor. When he did manage to get away, his struggle to get dressed in a very uncomfortable suit in the schools bathroom stall made his anxiety sky rocket.
Regardless if this was going to be a courthouse ceremony, it doesn't mean the couple was going to show up in their everyday clothes. Definitely not, Castiel went totally
Castiel sets the book aside, "Thank you-" he can barely talk, his throat hurts that bad. Dean hands him the little measuring cup that came with the medicine, filled with the cherry liquid. Castiel knocks it back like a shot of something. "Ugh-"
John refuses because of course, this isn't a date and he doesn't have that much cash on him for food- he assumes they are two men hanging out at a bar on a Friday night. It's completely and totally platonic. They chat mindlessly for a while until their beers arrive and the doctors buffalo wings.
The therapist cuts in, "Dean's told me that was part of the reason he wouldn't eat, no one was home to make him meals-" that makes him feel like shit.
Castiel nods, his knee knocking against Dean's gently. Dean looks at his face in the dark, his eyes are screaming
Almost two days of being on the road and tons of bickering later, they finally arrived at their designated bus station. The not so happy couple step off and rush to the bathroom to freshen up and take care of important
Dean blushes, "I'm gonna take these." he holds up a scented candle with crushed crystals and herbs on top of it and a book about witchcraft. Castiel follows the boy to the register towards the back of the store, she rings up the items.
They’d gone through the drive-thru at a fast-food joint on the way out of town. It probably wasn’t the most substantial breakfast in the world, but both Dean and Castiel wanted to get outside city limits as quickly as possible and Dean and the two pups needed food. According to Castiel, Angels didn’t need food to sustain their Vessels, or sleep for that matter. The drive-thru was quicker than a diner at any rate, and the important thing was that the pups were fed some thing solid.
She chewed and swallowed. “Okay, Mommy,” she grinned, a look of pure innocence on her face. Dean squinted his eyes at her but let the obvious challenge go.
could allow himself to), he leaned in and kissed the being he’d been deeply, irrevocably in love with for
Castiel was sure he was blushing and tried to ignore the residual embarrassment as he braced his hands on Dean’s chest riding him harder. He groaned loudly, eyes squeezing shut as he felt a sudden, sharp sting on his ass cheek. If there was anything that could get his head back into the game, it was spanking. “Oh, fuck yeah.” His breath hitched as Dean did it a second time. Cas could feel his cock leaking. He was so close. “Oh,
Cas gave a low, guttural cry, body tensing as he came. Dean’s pace stuttered. He managed a few more thrusts before he came as well. Emptying his load into the delicious heat of his angel’s ass.
Dean grinned against Castiel’s skin, pressing a long, reverent kiss between Cass’ shoulder blades again. He pushed himself upright and resumed the almost brutal pace he knew his angel craved. His head dropped back as he groaned. Cass tightened around him, a growling moan tearing out of him. Dean’s breath came out in gasps as he continued thrusting. This was so fucking perfect. He was so close. “Fuck, Cass…” he moaned. “You feel so good… I fucking love you so goddamned much.”
Omegas… Dean was just glad the old Alpha didn’t do more than scoff and sneer, looking away whenever their secondary biology couldn’t be completely ignored. Sammy hadn’t agreed and was currently off at university. He wanted more than having to put up with a reluctant caregiver. That had stung. Dean liked to think he’d had a bigger hand at raising Sam than their old man. He knew his brother hadn’t meant it that way, so he hadn’t voiced this. He didn’t want Sam to feel bad for the unintended slight.
Dean lightly held onto the pup’s snout to see what he did. He snuffled a few times before pulling his head back and pushing against Dean’s hand with all four legs. Dean laughed and lifted the pup to scent him. He was more awake now and was able to better identify what the pup smelled like underneath the clean scent of contentment, though it still had a faint smoky quality of agitation surrounding it. He’d thought at first that he was smelling cherry pie. But, as he inhaled, he realized it was this part of the scent that had been more floral. The pup smelled of heliotrope and… the earthy rain scent was petrichor.
Inside was a lot like what he’d expect it to be judging from the outside. A typical family home. He spied a familiar leather jacket hanging by the door next to and equally familiar tan trench coat. Murmuring from down the hall drew his attention. Two voices. It sounded like a man and a child. He tip-toed towards them, curiosity piqued further. He paused at the door of what appeared to be a kitchen. The man’s voice was clearer… and achingly familiar.
“Yes, but that term is considered derogatory in this universe,” Castiel explained. “Of my former angelic powers, I still have my healing abilities and some telekinesis. However, the latter varies with my emotions.”
He’d given Dean a fake name. The fury was instantly replaced with embarrassment. Fortunately, Dean wasn’t offput by this in the slightest.
“U-uh, oh, oh yeah? You like that?” Cas stuttered, grinding down into Dean. Letting the feel of the cock inside him ground his flustered mind back into it.
When he was done, Dean laid on his side with the pup nestled between his forelegs. Whining, the pup squirmed out from between his legs and sniffed at him. Dean watched as the pup nosed around, figuring the little one was still curious. He’d probably never seen another shifter before. Dean had just laid his head down when an odd sensation came over him and his head snapped back up. The little pup had rooted out one of his nipples and latched on. It sent a small wave through the nerves in his mammary chain. The human side of his brain, the one that was more than a little ashamed of his status as an Omega, was dumbstruck and embarrassed at what was happening. The wolf side, however, was completely at ease. Maybe even a little pleased that the pup displayed such obvious comfort with him. He scented the pup as it suckled and kneaded at his chest. Despite getting nothing out of him, the pup’s scent was calm, and even a little content. The pup slowly drifted to sleep. Dean repositioned them, laying the pup between his forelegs again. He drifted off soon after.
Claire snorted beside him. “It’s not that bad, you big baby.” He shot a look at her. She crossed her arms. “What? I have them too, and you don’t see me crying about it.”
They we’re quiet as the car pulled into the parking lot and they found a spot. Getting out, Dean looked skyward and snorted. “Nerd,” he murmured and shut the door.
“You ever look at someone and think: if I don’t go up to them right now and tell them how breathtaking they are, the rest of my life will be hellfire and damnation?”
of his Happy Meals,” a bony looking woman with one of the longest necks Dean had ever seen, and he’d seen some, said in a shrill voice. Dean’s eyes narrowed as he studied these people. The woman was holding the hand of another child, this one looked closer to three or four and was larger around than Dean thought was healthy for a child that young. “Isn’t that right, my darling boy?” She talked with the kind of voice that people usually reserved for infant pups and domestic pets. Despite the blockers interfering with his sense of smell, he just able to pick out the scents coming off the adults identifying them both as non-shifter Betas. The pups were still too young to tell if they were shifters or not at this distance.
Over the next two days, whenever Dean was at the motel, he caught glimpses of the people in that room coming and going. When the tiny pup was with them, both the man and woman spoke sharply at him and glared. And if they noticed Dean nearby, they’d glare at him too. One trip to the vending machine got him close enough to scent out that the pup was also a shifter. Dean wondered how often the boy walked into things with the way he was perpetually staring at his own feet.
Dean smirked, handing the pup a plastic fork. The boy stared at the fork with a frown before setting it aside and eating the plain pancake pieces with his hands. Dean just shook his head and turned to his own food. “To be fair, he’s pretty much right,” he said to Claire. She rolled her eyes and stuffed a forkful of syrup soaked pancake into her mouth. “But yeah, they were assholes.” She grinned, widely, showing off partially chewed food. It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes. “Chew with your mouth closed.”
He took a moment to breathe in the fresh morning air, clearing his head. He sighed, glancing around at the stillness of the parking lot lined with cars. He was unlocking the driver’s side door of Baby, his beloved Impala, when a door farther down opened. A harsh British accented voice disturbed the quiet morning. “Hurry up boy,” a very large man with an equally large mustache barked. Dean glanced up to see a tiny boy with messy black hair and a pale complexion stumble out of the room behind the man. Dean frowned. The kid looked barely a year and a half old as he toddled on skinny legs with knobby knees.
Castiel sighed and turned to her. “Claire, I don’t think that sort of language is appropriate for children.”
suggested they not only try it out to see if it worked, but to also see how it worked in the bedroom, cause foreplay was always nice.
“What are you…?” Castiel raised a hand as if to touch Dean’s face, pausing just short of contact. His expression questioning, turning almost sad. Something deep inside Dean didn’t like that. He lifted his own hand, pressing Castiel’s palm to his cheek.
], he studied them. The same old bulled keychain held his car keys, the key to Bobby’s old house, his main storage locker - though it looked a little different than he recalled - and another three keys he didn’t recognize. [
He turned back to the blue house, hands tucking into his jeans pockets. He frowned, pulling out his keys, which he clearly remembered leaving inside the ignition before… After being momentarily distracted by the silver ring on his ring finger [
"Damn it, Ash!" Dean yells, "What the hell did you do that for!-" and now the prank seems like the dumbest idea in the world.
Castiel nods and stands up straight, towering over the teen. "Yeah-" he looks away. "Was it the type of porn I watch upsetting to you or-"
"He's always been weird-" Bobby gets up too, patting him on the shoulder before joining the teen out back. Castiel's clearing the table when there's a knock on the front door- he stops what he's doing and goes to open the door.
At night they sit down at the table to have dinner, Bobby made a delicious feast. There was chicken, biscuits, mashed potatoes with gravy and corn. It was southern heaven. Dean ate enough for two people and again he was surprised but nevertheless  was proud of the progress.
"I got you a cake pop-" he's confused. "It's like-" Castiel laughs, trying to explain. "It's a little ball of cake on a stick, basically-"
There's an odd chill in the air that gives him pause, his eyes scan the vacant and dimly lit room. "Dean?" he says way too quietly, knowing that he's completely alone right now. "John?"
"You'd do that for me?" Castiel nods and sniffles as he cuts a tomato for their sandwiches-he's facing away from him. He knows moving or changing hospitals won't actually solve anything, he just hopes Dean doesn't know. The problem is
Dean orders a milkshake and some fries, "It's lunch time somewhere-" he says when his uncle gives him a look that conveys
The teen wraps both his arms around his bear of an uncle and they both cry it out for a minute or two because it happened so fast. Dean wasn't planning on leaving his only flesh an blood relative all alone, at least not for another few months.
It was still early enough in the day so Dean hitched a ride with Ash and they went on to his place. Dean liked it there even if the house was old and pretty run down, but he was used to old houses anyway. It's the privacy that made him like hanging out there, not the amenities.
Dean and Castiel sleep together on Christmas Eve, snuggling into each other underneath the covers for warmth. He had to tell him twice that soon he would have heat too and for him to shut up about it. Unable to contain his excitement any longer, he wakes Dean extra early and tells him that it's time to open his gifts. The teen follows him down the hallway with his eyes half open.
"Gunna just leave it here-" his uncle says, setting his dinner on the table by the bed before he leaves, closing the door behind him. The food goes uneaten and he doesn't open his eyes until the next morning. He'd only awoken because he hears the familiar banter of his uncle and step dad.
Castiel really did his homework that night, while the boy slept. He stuffed the homework in his backpack and dropped it off by Dean's bed when he was finished, he was asleep so peacefully. His tummy peeking out from his shirt. Castiel tugged his shirt down to cover the exposed skin and pulled up the covers. "Goodnight."
They enter the station nervously, both for different reasons and see him sitting out front on one of the chairs, completely
It seems that he was lost in deep thought for a few minutes because now the topic at hand wasn't her pregnancy, it was the cute guy sitting with him. The doctor clears his throat and pretends to organize his papers because he doesn't really want to answer the question because he still feels like he's doing something wrong by being with the teen.
Castiel sits on the edge of the bed, and smiles. Dean Winchester is almost eighteen years old, yet he still needs him and that makes him happy. "Where does it hurt?" Dean rubs all over his stomach so he can't tell so he takes matters into his own hands and begins to feel around his stomach for any painful areas. "Does it hurt here?" he presses right around where his appendix would be, Dean shakes his head. "How about here?" he presses where his gallbladder would be and Dean shakes his head again. "Maybe it's just gas-" Dean kicks him away playfully for saying that. "I'll be right back."
and sure enough, they were all right about that. If only they knew his father practically had a gun to his head- not really- but the man made him do things he didn't want to do. So here he was, eighteen years old, no diploma and a one way ticket behind bars.
Dean nods weakly, "Yes...and kay." His eye's almost bug out of his head when Castiel spreads his legs open and lifts him up a bit and now he's almost bent in half. "Ugh, Cas-"
"Mmm-" Castiel's hands grip the dancers waist, guiding the movements possessively. "I'll pay whatever you want, no one has to know-"
Derek frowns, "Sorry to hear that-" even though he's curious about what was wrong with the kid- he doesn't, maybe later if they got to know each other better he won't feel like a total asshole if he asked. "What's taking so long-" he laughs nervously after a while longer. He can feel the teenagers eyes on him and it's making him uncomfortable. To kill some time he asks, "So, you got a girlfriend-" he punches the teens shoulder softly, "Or should I say girlfriends, you're a cute kid."
When he opens his eyes in the morning he's glad to see that he's alone in bed, meaning John left for work already. Castiel goes back to sleep until noon before he finally gets up out of bed to get breakfast started. He's cracking eggs into a sizzling pan when Dean walks into the kitchen, his hair is a mess and his lips and cheeks are puffy from all the hours of sleep he's had.
"Mhm, thought you trusted me asshole-" regardless of the playful insult his stepfather remains serious about what he's been told. "I'm gonna take her to get a test tomorrow, just to be sure-"
"Scared of what baby-" the words make a tingle go up his spine and lets himself get groped by the older man. "What are you scared of baby-" his hands roam underneath the uniform top, touching the teens soft but warm flesh.
Castiel leans over and pulls him into a hug, his clothes getting wet and soapy. He doesn't care. "Here-" he pulls away, standing up and grabs a towel for Dean, "Dry off, I'll go make us some soup." Dean nods, watching Castiel leave the bathroom. Dean dries himself off slowly, and slips into some new boxers and goes to the kitchen to find Castiel. He sits at the table, watching the man move around in the kitchen, looking for bowls.
"Cas-" his arms wrap around him, "I love you but learn to take a joke, yea?" his tone of voice is so soft and sweet that he's forgiven for the comment instantly. "So-" they kiss once, "Did bring your camera?" leans in to whisper in his ear, "Cause I wanna make porn with you-"
Dean's been outside raking leaves for a while when a sudden chill runs down his spine, making him look up from the different color leaves he was raking into a pile in front of him. His eyes look around fully expecting to see the ghost of his dad for some reason, but what he sees behind him surprises him a whole lot more. There was no ghost, no John Winchester, just a tiny black kitten looking up at him.
After a while Dean uses a tissue to wipe at his eyes, "Sorry-" she reassures him that it's okay to cry and has him continue. "I was eleven, that's when I met Cas-"
" What Cas? " He sounded so annoyed, his eyes clearly stated that." Why does everything bother you? "
Dean hides out in his room all day long and finally emerges from hiding around what would be dinner time. He peeks into the living room, seeing Castiel there watching TV. He's trying to study the look in his face. Does he look angry? No. He looks like he's watching a show but not really paying attention. "What are you watching?" he asks, as if he didn't just get caught jacking off and coming all over himself earlier.
"How are you feeling?" Castiel asks him as he kicks off his shoes- he takes a look at him as he sits on the sofa before making his way to the kitchen to grab something to drink. "You eat something?" he calls from the other room.
Castiel awoke the following morning, he blinked away the sleep from his eyes and looked around to remember he wasn't home but he was alone in bed.
After the relaxed duo have showered and dressed in some vacation appropriate clothing, they head down the street to the nearest restaurant. It was nice to see everyone dressed in summer clothes due to the very warm weather. The couple seem to be in better spirits now that they've had some time to cool off and it's obvious by the way they look at each other when they think the other isn't aware.
The television in the living room flips on before John finally walks into the kitchen for his evening beer and a snack. "Hey-" and Castiel simply hums at his entrance. "How about I take you out tonight?"
Castiel groans loudly, tugging at the restraints. "Then we'll have hate sex-" he blinks furiously, wiggling his fingers. Dean spits into his hand and reaches behind him, lubing him up. Once he's slippery enough, he holds his cock steady before slowly lowering himself onto it. "Oh God-" he moans, "Fuck you're so tight-"
Dean swallows. "Yea, okay." he awkwardly moves to lay back on his bed, Sam gets up and starts to unfold a blanket on the floor like he did when he slept over. "You can sleep with me-" Dean whispers, he scoots over so he can make more room. "It's okay." Sam nods and climbs in. The bed is so small that their bodies touch either way.
Castiel presses kisses at the top of Dean's head, his hair is all sweaty now. "Dean, look at me." he whispers roughly in his ear.
The burn on his cheek hasn't faded yet, hopefully it doesn't leave a mark because he did slap himself pretty damn hard. He's never done that before, but maybe it was progress because he usually does something else in order to hurt himself. It's a long shot, but at least there's no new scars to have to hide away under the flannels he's already so tired of wearing.
"I can sing!" Dean yelps, "Ask Cas, he heard me." Bobby nods, telling him he'd call Castiel later to get the dirt on his vocal skills.
"That cool Bobby?" his uncle nods and waves him off- he was too enchanted by the couple arguing in his favorite Mexican soap opera.
Dean takes another micro sip of his horrible drink, "Mhm-" is mumbled shyly into the glass. The man watches him slowly drink, until his stomach feels warm and weird. "So-" he blinks when the glass is being led back up to his lips for him to finish it. "Okay-" the word comes out a bit labored before chugging it down, then coughing.
There's no way in God's green earth that he will be able to keep his hands to himself with this cute boy walking around in tiny shorts and shirts that fit too tightly so yes, a trip to the mall was on the days agenda.
"Tell me it's over-" Dean murmurs against the mans beer gut, "We're not gonna have another family special are we-"
Castiel nods, "I understand- he gets up and gets dressed because he knows they won't be fucking. Dean gets up as well to pull on his jeans. "Anything I can do-" he's asking, but he knows there's nothing he can do to take his pain away.
Bobby soon appears from the darkness of the hallway, "You know I love you but damn do you bring alotta drama." he shakes his head.
"Yeah, he told me-" Castiel sighs into the phone, making a windy crackling sound. "I just wanted to call you and see how things were going-"
Dean sits down on a stool in front of the bathroom mirror, a towel wrapped around his neck to catch the hair. "Do you even know how to cut hair?"
Dean's crying instantly stops and becomes confused. "No-" it was true, the man had never touched him.
Dean frowns, "Don't tell me you're still pissed?" the man looks down at the bags in his hands. "I never called you a-
Dean nods, "I'm gonna give a try, okay Cas?" but secretly was hoping he wouldn't have to go do this program.
Castiel shrugs, "Fucking you really relaxes me-" he wipes his mouth on a napkin. "What can I say, your ass is made of gold. It's so juicy-" the man makes grabby hands.
Dean yells, "You made it!" over the loud Spanish music. "Get your white ass over here babe!" clearly, he's had something to drink because
That night Castiel shows up around nine in the evening, Bobby answers the front door. "Cas. What are ya doin' here so late?" Castiel shows him the injection. "Right, come in-"
He spits into the sink and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. A sound startles him, sounded like glass breaking. "Cas?" he calls out into the darkness of the house. He's suddenly extra aware that he's all by himself in the dark.
mhmm-" his lip is all puffy and almost red from biting it so much. "I like it-" and he keeps going, pumping the toy in and out of himself without shame.
Unfortunately he didn't have the time to fix her up just yet- having quite a few cars out back that needed tending to first. He helped his uncle for a few hours in the afternoon until he got too hot and just needed to go cool off with a drink. That's how he ended up on the front porch steps, drinking the last beer that was hiding in the fridge behind some left over pizza from the other night when he sees Castiel's car driving up the road.
Castiel shrugs, "I don't know but I don't like it-" he rubs at his sleepy tired eyes. "Fuck, that's all I need- your father visiting me from the after life." After a moment of silence in the room he asks, "Can you sleep over?"
Castiel pulls away completely, looking at the house next door before saying. "I'll talk to him, but no promises-" he looks over at the teen now, "Come in with me, I want to take your temperature before you go-"
"No!" Dean throws the pillow at his uncle, instantly regretting it because the look on his face scares him. "S-sorry Bobby."
Castiel snorts, "Course not." he leans over, placing a few kisses to Dean's neck. He instantly weakens into the leather seat and sighs, "You like that?" he asks, as he nibbles the smooth skin.
"Sure, Cas." What better way to spend an afternoon than to watch some psycho bitch holding a writer hostage in her home. Dean lets his head fall back, his arms wrapping around himself as the movie begins. Castiel is so into the movie he doesn't notice Dean watching him, he's gazing at his profile dreamily.
"I hate them all." Dean says softly. "Friggin' assholes- they're the gay ones, I mean come on!" he hisses, "Who the hell dresses like this because they want to?" he looks down at his khaki pants and polo shirt.
"Castiel!" a familiar female voice calls out to him, both Dean and Castiel look around almost violently as if they got caught doing something they shouldn't.
"Cas-shh-" Dean holds the older man in his arms, rubbing up and down his back. "I'm here for you-I know I've been a nightmare this whole time. I'm so sorry-" the apology makes him cry harder but Dean doesn't say anything- he knows he's been holding it in for so long. After a few minutes Castiel peels himself away from the teen, "Better?"
A few days later, Castiel's lease is up on his apartment and he decides not to renew and instead he begins to pack up his things. Although they hadn't agreed to a specific move in date, he assumed that the sooner they move in together, the better off they would be. At least he hoped. John came over to help him with his stuff once he broke the news about packing and he hadn't been upset at all so that had given Castiel some relief. He loved this apartment- it was nice and large, very modern -but the Winchester home wasn't
After purgatory, our luck has been a bit sour. Like we're normal, I like it but I've gotten so used to being a hunter that this
Castiel laughs but soon guilt rises in his gut, how dare he cheat on this boy. He pulls out of the coffee shop after taking a few quick sips of his own drink in hopes of waking himself up since he was dragging today. They're almost back home when Dean says, "How else are you gonna make it up to me?"
It took almost two hours for him to clean his room and put everything away. Suddenly it hits that he's got way too many fucking clothes and way too many fucking action figures laying around. It's time to simplify his life and this shit has no place in his life anymore. The teen grabs a box, the one his former pet lived in for less than 48 hours and starts tossing all his junk away.
Dean swallows, "How fun-" They hear a rustling by the old shed as they approach- "Let's turn back." his uncle would never admit it, but he was scared too- otherwise he wouldn't have agreed to walk back to the house without checking it out first.
Dean covers his mouth as his tears keep falling, he doesn't know why he can't stop crying. Castiel walks away from him and he screams- "Dad! please don't leave me again!"
Dean hesitates, "Fine- I didn't exactly stop when I said I did." he looks down in shame, "But I haven't done it-"
“You can’t hurt anyone, and Dean looks like a strong guy. I’m sure you’re not the reason why he’s in the hospital.” Anna gave him a quick kiss goodbye as she saw Dean’s impala driving up the road, “Hang in there, kay?”
"Fuck you." Dean hangs up the phone and goes to bed. Castiel puts the phone away in his pants pocket and continues to work late into the night. It's nearly morning when he realizes he spent the whole night painting. He finished turning Dean's old room into a pretty pink nursery for the couple's baby girl and managed to turn his old bedroom into a nice master for her parents. The rest of the home- he'd paint tomorrow. Well, later- since it was tomorrow already. Castiel peels off his sweaty clothes and makes a mental note to paint the small bathroom as well because toddler Dean Winchester had written his name in red crayon on the wall near the light switch. Before stepping out of the shower he thinks of those green eyes staring back up at him- "Fuck." that's when he comes- the whole time he was in the shower he kept thinking of Dean down on his knees sucking him off.
The red faced teenager comes out and heads to the sink to wash his hands and face. Castiel uses the urinal, not caring that Dean is right there, after zipping up he goes to wash his hands too.
It's an open invitation which he does accept and goes in for the kill. Shoving his tongue into his mouth with all that he's got while they dry hump each other to climax. It took a little longer to get there with the thick layers of denim keeping them apart but they both managed. Eventually they're both breathless messes, holding onto each other until they both calm down.
"We should. The salon I go to, there's a pretty lil asian lady who works on my feet- Dean would like her." Again it makes him laugh,
"Don't say that." Castiel kisses his forehead. "I'm never leaving you. If John and I aren't together, It doesn't change us."
Dean sighs, running his cold hands up and down his thighs to warm them up. "I'm stayin' with Cas-" and there's no room for discussion there. All of what his uncle was saying, it did sound really good, like really fucking good but something inside of him always wants
"You didn't have a happy-" Castiel groans in frustration, "You're fucking annoying-" and goes back to the dishes in the sink. When he's done he looks over his shoulder to find the teenager scarfing down the ice cream anyway. "I'm going to take a quick shower, don't move."
Castiel wipes his mouth and tucks the teen back into his jeans, patting his thigh before standing. "Come on, I'll walk you back." he reaches for Dean's arm and pulls him up off the bed and guides him through the house- "Bobby's waiting, move it."
Surprisingly Dean got a full nights rest with minimal tossing and turning, Castiel on the other hand did not. By the time morning rolls around, a chill runs through his body that causes him to shiver. Then it hits that he'd fallen asleep in just his
"Yea-" Dean nods, hands clasped together over his crotch for no reason at all other than not knowing where else to put them. "I'm scared-" he then admits when he sees the guy pulling out a tray of all sorts of sharp instruments he doesn't want anywhere inside his mouth. The chair goes lower and lower, and soon he's laying completely flat on his back. "Really scared man-" the soft whine escapes his nervous bitten lips.
"Hey Cas...I hope you don't mind me showing up, I-I want you to meet Sammy. " He wrapped an arm around the younger man,"This is my brother, Sammy wanted us to be happy...he kept begging me to track you down. Little fucker that he is. I had your parent's contact information from a year ago, I called them and they told me you lived here. They...knew about us and I don't think they care-"
Castiel doesn't want to have him sleep alone in his bunk so he crawls under the thin blanket right next to the teen, allowing for his chest to be used as a pillow. He was hurt that his feelings of love weren't mutual but still wanted to look after him nonetheless.
Castiel groaned and forced himself to walk up the older man’s driveway to go ring his doorbell. No Rolls Royce in the drive. Was he home?
Castiel nods, "I was but-" he sighs. "-I threw them away. I didn't like what they were doing to me, I wasn't myself-"
"But I'm so friggin' horny-" Deans begins stroking himself right there in front of him. "So fucking horny-"
"I think there's more in you-" Castiel fucks into him at his newly discovered angle, and Dean is coming yet again. He cries out and this time, they both came together.
"Fuck yes." Dean bites his lip, "So fuckin' hot-" Castiel smiles and orders him to take a cold shower to get rid of the thing in his pants.
standing next door on his lawn with his parents. Castiel smiles at him because this wasn't his fault, but the boy was crying anyhow. "It's okay-" he mouths the words silently to the boy who quickly nods.
Bobby's eyes look at him, then at Castiel's house before refocusing on him. "You slept over at his place?" the guilty teen nods. He straightens up and wipes his hands on the same old red rag he always used to clean off his hands while working.
"Sometimes I cry, Dean. It's not a big deal." he opens the door to the bedroom and walks inside, shutting the door on Dean.
"I know you like it when I call you a good boy, don't you baby-" he's just looking down into green eyes, "Sorry I don't say it enough-" his hard crotch his rubbing against the teens. "Looks like you're hard for me-" his hand reaches down between their bodies to feel his erection over his boxers.
Dean nods, nibbling on his lip as he watches a couple doing it through the screen of the phone Castiel had gotten him.
Dean nods quickly, "I-I'm com-" hot thick come starts shooting and oozing out of his dick before he can say he's coming. He looks down at himself in awe, "Ughh..." his hands are rubbing his own thighs and kneading the meat there like he can't calm down.
Castiel smiles warmly at him, "I can't come visit you now?" Dean nods, sitting down at the table after grabbing a cup of coffee. Bobby and Castiel share a look. "Bobby tells me you went to therapy yesterday, I'm sorry I couldn't take you-" Dean shrugs, sipping his coffee- he's so tired both physically and mentally.
"You want it?" Castiel asks Sam, who nods eagerly and says please. He slowly eases the head of his cock into Sam's virgin hole-he cries through it but Dean kisses him sweetly to calm him. Before he knows it he's a few inches inside teenager- "Damn it-" he groans, fucking him with just three inches of his cock. Sam makes different noises than Dean does when he gets fucked- it's weird and it's different. He's not sure if he likes it or not- maybe he does because he doesn't stop fucking him.
"John!" Castiel shouts, shoving the boy behind him in a protective manor. "Don't yell at him!" the mechanic continues to yell his hatred for his sons new pet. "It's just a dog!"
"You should go now." he says harshly but he smiles, because blue eyes are watching. "Seriously man, leave." he's still smiling, nodding like they're just having a casual conversation.
The Sunday school teacher lets them have their snack early of cookies and kool aid before he releases them for the day. "See you next week!"
They aren't on the road for an hour before Dean's whining about how hungry he is. Castiel says they'll eat soon. They'll stop somewhere. But all they see is long stretches of road, no fast food places. No restaurants. "Cassss- I'm hungry." he whines once more, Castiel looks over at him- sitting on the passenger seat with his sneakers up on the seat as well, getting sand on the leather.
Dean rubs his back, then pulls back so he can place the basic silver ring on his fiance. "Sorry." he whispers. "Glad it fits." looking down at Castiel's hand, admiring the ring he chose for his lover. "You're everything to me."
Dean nods, looking down at his ashy hands. "M'sorry-" and it's spoken softly, just like every other word he says in front of this man.
"Aww, you're waiting for me-" he coos lovingly as he steps out of the car and pulls his bag from the back seat, tossing it over his right shoulder. He walks up the steps and when the teenager doesn't make a move to follow him inside he looks over his shoulder in curiosity, "Something wrong?"
"Are you ashamed of me?" Castiel asks impatiently. They were standing on the porch and he didn't care if they were making a scene, it'd been a few weeks since they had made things official and he didn't like feeling like a secret. "I know what I'm worth and if you can't see it someone else will!" he storms off towards his car that was parked right next to the impala.
The drive home is silent so Castiel lets his hand rest on the teens thigh, stroking up and down in a non sexual manner. "I miss you-" his words are so soft the teen almost didn't hear him.
By now, Ash thinks he knows Castiel very well. He knows that the guy likes books, loves coffee and has a nightly skincare routine because he's getting a little older
"It's friggin' pink-" he states when Castiel walks in covered in sweat. Dean then he looks over and checks him out, "Hmm, I like it." Castiel smiles, pulling him in for a quick kiss. "Can we go now-" Dean mumbles, eye's half closed after the kiss. "-I'm tired."
Something was bothering him and it wasn't their temporary split, which did kind of hurt his feelings but that's something to cry about later when he's alone in his room. Right now, the guy was freaking him out because he just couldn't wrap his mind around the fact that he doesn't remember the last few days.
"Drinking can make a man extra friendly, that's all." Dean presses his body against the older man and listens carefully.
"Dean!" He calls to him, holding up the mug. Dean waves him over so he goes to him- "What are you doing?"
Castiel has to restrain himself from doing just that right then and there in front of everyone. "You win-" they kiss once. "And you understand that it's only for
"That's Lisa-" Robin comes up next to him with a pot of coffee in her hand. "- she just started here this week. "
Dean nods, closing his eyes- they kiss once, twice, three times and he pulls away. "Doesn't feel right-" he shakes his head. "I know her tongues been in your mouth-"
Derek nods, not believing him for a second. "Dean, if someone is hurting you-" he sighs, "-I want you to know that you can trust me."
Sam smiles, "I called my mom, she says I can sleep over." he wiggles his eyebrows at his friend flirtatiously.
"I'm glad you came here Cas, If you hadn't I wouldn't have gotten the chance to love you. Even if it was for a little while. "
Dean nods eagerly because hell yes he does want to go to Mexico. "Thanks sugar daddy" so many images of all the dirty things they can get up to at a resort are flashing behind his eyelids every time he blinks.
It's so not thrilling to see the mechanic in place of that sweet face that belongs to his son. The relationship between them feels like it's fizzling out at warp speed, maybe because his attention is focused elsewhere. Like on sweet little Dean Winchester.
"Cas! Let's go!" Dean screams, putting on his sneakers and his hoodie. "Sam's already at the movies!"
"Alright baby-" Castiel gets up, kissing the top of his head before saying goodbye for the day. "I have to get to work, you can stay here while I'm gone-" Dean nods, waving him off.
Dean fights back his emotions because this is a sensitive topic. "Dad was a drunk, only cared about his beer and cigarettes-" shrugs. "He worked but any money he made was for-" a short pause. "Yea, didn't really care about much else-"
Bobby exits the bathroom that very moment, "Cas." Castiel stops dead. "Jus' wanted to say I'm sorry for thinkin' somethin' was goin' on with you and Dean." Castiel's eyebrows raise slightly at the apology. "I was listenin' earlier when I came in- you're a darn good father." he pats him on the shoulder as well. "Even if you aint' his blood, you're still his father."
"I have to go-" his eyes are those of pure terror. "I can't hold it-" and right then he does, instead of having a full orgasm because he's just too young for that.
holding Cas in his arms, just a hair's breadth away from another kiss - he never even knew he could have this, but more so just
to talk about it - to just pretend that he couldn’t sleep and not say anything to Sam about the nightmares and anxiety that have been plaguing him. Honestly, it wouldn’t be hard. Dean has been hiding his pain for his entire life, and Sam is no stranger to be on the receiving end of it.
It isn’t until Cas feels movement behind him, until he feels Dean’s lips brushing gingerly against the back of his neck, that his thoughts finally derail. By the time Cas finally blinks his eyes open, Dean is sliding his hand up his chest, the kisses littered across his neck just a little more firm.
after everything, now that Dean doesn’t have to worry about the end of the world and protecting his brother and saving the people he loves, he’s slowly unwinding.
which Cas still sometimes struggles to wrap his head around. Their house that they own together, that they picked out together, furnished together and
But, he isn’t the same man that he was two or five or ten years ago. Sure, talking about emotional trauma is still a challenge. Sure, he still feels weak when he lets his guard down, even around Sam or Cas, but he knows that it feels worse to hold it all in and wait for it to inevitably boil over. It always leads to an ugly fight or a long-awaited breakdown, and those are messy and avoidable if he just
faith in me and Sam… You changed me too, Cas,” Dean says with a breathy laugh, “And to think that you couldn’t
Cas says, taking a seat across from him, his eyes gentle as they bear into Dean’s, “But I think what you’re feeling is
without him, but he doesn’t want to put that guilt on him. He gets it, he really does. So instead, he decides to veer in the opposite direction: humor.
It isn’t until Cas is sitting in the passenger seat of the Impala as they’re cruising down the highway at sixty miles per hour just fifteen minutes later that the reality of the situation seems to settle around them.
It’s kind of comical now, looking back on it, what his true happiness looks like compared to back then. And while Cas will always stand by the fact that just saying it would have been enough, he can’t deny that this feels
and emotional heart-to-hearts will never come easy, he is also nearing forty-four years old, and the last thing he wants is to lose the person he loves because he couldn’t talk about his shit. So they’ve talked about it.
Cas’ small smile morphs into a frown at that. “Dean -” he starts to argue, but Dean cuts him off before he can get the words out.
He should have known that Sam would understand, that he’d feel the same. “Why didn’t you say anything?” he asks, suddenly curious why Sam, the little brother who was always attempting to pry him out of his shell, hasn’t mentioned any of this before. Why was Dean the one to ultimately bring it up when Sam was always the one who wanted to
. Those very aches and pains cause Cas to stretch just a little bit more as he moves to climb out of bed, and apparently the movement is enough to rouse Dean, or at the very least, alert him that the source of warmth is about to abandon him,
he has to do now, and he’s never been more grateful for such a human need, because then he’s looking down at Dean, and he’s not sure if he feels short of breath from the intense make-out session, or if it’s simply due to the sheer beauty of the man underneath him. Dean looks up at him, his eyes shining in the morning light, a mischievous, lopsided smile falling across his face.
with his free hand. “I am, too,” he replies out loud, and as he speaks, his gaze drifts over to where Dean sits on the opposite end of the table. Dean, who averts his eyes like the coward he is, the coward who couldn’t even say three little words back when it mattered the most, who wants nothing more than to utter them now, but they keep getting stuck in his throat.
he lied because he couldn’t bring himself to admit that he was the reason that Cas was gone, that he couldn’t stop it.
“Hey,” Dean murmurs, his voice rough, and that’s really all it takes for Cas before he’s diving back in, catching his parted lips in a kiss.
“You don’t need to do that,” Dean grumbles back, almost too quickly. “We turned out just fine. Plus, I think I can speak for both of us when I say that we’re just glad that you’re back.”
Dean balks at first, eyes wide, mouth agape, but he doesn’t let go of the tire iron, and neither does the man in front of him, so he doesn’t get far, just backing up enough until his boots hit the wall behind him. As Dean stares into those familiar eyes, he’s rendered speechless. He’s frozen on the spot. He wants to say - wants to
It makes sense. It really does. Dean assumes that if he were talking to a therapist right now, they’d probably tell him that it’s completely normal to feel this way when working through so much residual trauma. But this is Sam, and Sam probably understands him way more than some shrink ever will, so his words carry a little more weight.
"Ugh- thank god, I'm gonna come-" Dean says urgently- Castiel nods and they both explode. The next time Dean opens his eyes it's morning- he didn't even remember falling asleep. "Morning-" Dean snuggles against Castiel's back- "I'm hungry."
"Dunno-" Bobby shrugs, "I like Cas. I think he's a good father figure for you- good job, dependable- just, why did ya have to get involved with him like that?" he speaks in a hushed tone just in case someone were to walk by. Dean shrugs, because he really doesn't know. All he knows is that he loved Castiel, he didn't know how else to express it so one day- on his thirteenth birthday to be exact, he decided to express that love with a kiss and it just happened to turn into more. "I'll think bout' it-but no funny business. If I catch him doin' something, lookin' at you funny- I'm punchin' him."
After doing the dishes and the laundry and of course- making sure Dean went to bed on time, he was wiped out completely. He couldn't wait until he could go get his usual at Starbucks next morning before work because he was completely addicted to coffee and sugar, couldn't help it. While he was in the shower, John had found the burger in the kitchen and devoured it in a few large bites.
Castiel stands up and Dean is clinging to his leg like a toddler, "We're going to kill each other if I stay here." he picks up his suitcase, "Dean, let go."
Dean squeaked, his whole body seemed to be twitching. Every time Castiel licked at his tummy, his body gave a twitch. He sighed deeply, "Ugh.."
He pulls away finally, spinning the chair to face his computer now. "I can't just steal the kid whenever I feel like it-" but he has, having already taken Dean several places. Just them two.
Chuck smiles, "I'll be right back, I'll crush them into some yogurt." Dean moans, he just wants Castiel to come see him. Nurse Chuck comes back with his yogurt- it tastes weird but he eats it all. Dean spends a few hours watching TV and another few hours asleep.
"Dean..." Castiel sighs roughly, he's in awe of the little ass just displayed for him. He pulls Dean towards the edge of the bed so he can get closer, he's standing behind him. Kneading at his exposed flesh, "Round two?" he asks him for permission. The boy nods, almost crying. Castiel forgets he has lube so he uses his saliva instead, he strokes his hard cock for a few seconds, rubbing his wet fingers on the hole to lube it up as much as he can and pushes the head against the hole and it pops in easily. "Dean, with you...it's so fucking easy to get in."
"You think that old Impala can make it all the way out here?" he nods. "Boy you talkin' stupid, that thing is on it's last leg- It ain't him." The rustling is heard again and this time they all scream- even Bobby- because a whole family of bats end up flying out of the trees and towards them so they run like bats out of hell themselves, heading for the cabin.
Dean puts a button over the human heart. "How about we dress up and decorate the house, hand out candy-"
Castiel nods, his gloved hand comes up to rub the teens cheek a little. While he's drinking the orange juice he tells him-"So unless your appendix ever bursts or your gallbladder needs taking out, I don't want to see you in a hospital again. Got it?" the teen agrees and he pulls down his face mask to give him a quick peck on the lips. "Think you got one more infusion  left and you're free to go home-" he checks the gold watch on his wrist, "Probably by the time I'm done working today, you'll be leaving with me. How's that sound?"
"Hmm-" Sam says, he was wiser than Dean had been and knew something weird was going on, it just didn't add up. Dean's phone begins to ring right then and he grabs it, "It's
"Because I love you so much and when things get hard- I need to do that because I'll break if anything happens to you. Dean, you don't know how worried you had me when you wouldn't eat, when you were sick-" he wipes his eyes before any tears fall, "Loving you so much scares the hell out of me- when things go wrong, it's just easier to keep my distance-" after a beat he adds, "You know why I never hit you? Why I never discipline you even though you deserve it sometimes?" Dean shakes his head, "Because I'm not strong enough to hurt you-I hate when you're mad at me. The way you look at me when I lay down the rules- it kills me."
"S'good-" he shivers, stuffing his hands into his pockets once again. "This is gonna sound nuts but, why does this feel so normal? Spendin' time together, not fucking-"
"It was at first. But-" Dean looks around at the dark empty fields all around them- it makes him dizzy so he holds onto the wooden fence alongside him. "He takes good care of me, I-I trust him."
Castiel begins pressing quick and chaste kisses up the teens thin freckled body, "You need to do what I say, I'm the adult-" he pauses to lick Dean's nipple- causing him to arch up into it. "I don't want you stuck in the hospital getting treatment for your,
It's not long before Dean begins to make little sleepy noises, like the cutest puppy ever. It makes Castiel smiles adoringly before planting a barely there kiss on the top of his head.
Again, they hold hands while walking through the parking lot and into the store. Only then, do they let each other go so they can browse freely. Dean runs up to the puppies, looking so excited yet saddened by the fact that they were being kept behind glass. His nose presses into that very same glass and he's giggling, because one of the dogs is licking where his nose is pressed into.
Castiel hushed him, "Let's not talk about that right now." he smiles weakly, "How about some food?" Dean nods, Castiel thinks maybe he will eat.
"You've always been so submissive-" the older man comments right before he dives in to lick his pink hole. "Mmm-"
Castiel nods, "I guess you're right." he looks over at Dean who sits on the sofa, watching TV and he notices it- he does have soft features, he's almost
Soon the teen is taken to his cell, "Here you go-" and he's given one pillow, one thin blanket and an extra uniform. "Chow time is in one hour-" that's all the guard says before leaving him be.
He's got a massive headache and the first thing he does is some coke and then he laced up his boots, "Later." He mumbles to his friend who had fallen back asleep.
Bobby nods. "Still don't know what to do about this-" he makes eye contact once again, "You remember the time you made Rufus sick, gave him a whole chocolate bar-" Dean laughs, nodding. "I'm sorry I spanked ya-"
Dean keeps pacing, he's biting his fingernails when a nurse walks in. "Hello, love." She says, Castiel lights up a little bit. "Heard you were having chest pains." she sounds worried.
Dean smiled, With teeth. Castiel simply watched as he loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. Letting it slip off his strong shoulders.
Bobby smacks him on the head, "Times were different back then boy, and don't talk to me like that-" the teen smirks before looking down at what he's doing. "Could'a gotten beat up for it back in the day, not so common now-" he laughs, "Seems like everybody is either gay or somethin'-"
"Yeah, you're right-" Castiel wipes his eyes once again and suddenly his phone pings so he reaches into his pants pocket to fish it out. It was a text from Dean, telling him to meet him out back in the woods when he leaves because he would be waiting there for him. He's filled with hope instantly, not that he really believed they were over but he does want the chance to make things better, to somehow make it up to him. "I better get going-" he stands up, pushing his phone back into his pocket.
wasn't always like this, there's no way he came into their lives just to prey on John Winchesters underage son. His first initial interest had been his father, and he just had to leave
They meet in the bedroom and John seemed calm, just watching him towel dry his dark hair before laying in bed, over the covers. "Cas-" he says. "-M'sorry." he nods, eyes closing. He fully intends to fall asleep right now but his lover had other plans because his eyes fly open when he feels scratchy lips on his bare chest.
The following week when he's released from the hospital, Dean helps Castiel pack up his entire life into boxes. Of course, he forces Castiel to donate all of his action figure toys and all of his comic books.
"One of my friends gave him my number-" Bobby wipes his hands and mouth on a napkin now that he's finished eating. "-dunno much about em', he's kinda young-" the teen looks hopeful, like this guy could be his friend but his uncle pats him on the head after standing up. "Not your kinda young, he's in his twenties-"
Dean smiles at that, "Yea." Sam pushes his milkshake towards Dean and he takes a sip. "Thanks, I'm not that hungry." he says, picking up another fry. They eat the fries and share the shake, Sam obviously has more. "Doesn't look like the rain's gonna stop." he looks outside and it really is coming down out there. "I really don't wanna get all wet-"
Dean texted Castiel while on his lunch hour. 'Cas.' Was all the text read. He figured he would be in a class or something. By the end of his lunch hour there was no text waiting
"Open that cute mouth-" the gruff voice speaking to him is heavily intoxicated with lust. The teen is so sleepy that his mouth slacks open, allowing for entry as he falls back to sleep right away.
Things were awkward in the cell the whole day, Castiel tried to make conversation but he'd blow him off and not in the way the man wanted him to. At chow time, every inmate is in the cafeteria, while Castiel slips away after handing the guard something and he's allowed to leave early. Dean's eyes scan for him in the over crowded room, not noticing when his cell mate had left.
"Yea-small tear." he says, no one talks the whole ride back to the farmhouse. When they get there it's almost three in the morning and Dean's fast asleep between them. Castiel carries him to his bed so he can rest.
"Castiel. Angel name...please don't make fun." He looked down at the guys boots as they walked in unison. Nice boots he thought. They were brown. He only liked the color because it was the same color of the sweater he was currently wearing.
Dean sighs heavily, "Yea- guess I do get off on being humiliated." and sits up in bed, blinking away the head rush. "Better get goin'- wait, do you really need me to do laundry for you?"
The man groans and basically shoves him off the couch, "Boy get the hell outta my sight-" and it sounds like he was trying hard not to laugh at his nephews sense of humor.
"Hmm-" he blinks, "Sorry, no I'm not hungry yet-" he focuses back on the movie. "Maybe later."  Castiel turns to face the teen, putting one leg under his body as he gets comfortable- his big hand rubs the back of the his neck. "Cas, quit it." Dean flinches, it tickles but it's not unpleasant.
That's the thing though, he couldn't understand what the temptation was all about because he did not want to have sex with this boy. Of course not, that possibility isn't on his radar. Maybe a kiss or two, or a billion is what he really wants but it's too much to ask, too much to think about. Being in the public eye is his best bet, the safest option for them both.
"What the fuck is Gucci-" Dean's still laughing at him, checking out the fanny pack here and there. Castiel ignores him. After a while he says, "Here, put this in your purse."and hands him his cell phone.
They all scream in excitement. Dean can't wait until Castiel comes home from the hospital so he can share the good news. Their lives were moving in such a positive direction. Who knew Dean would end up craving the domestic life for himself. In fact it's the one thing he desired the most but was too afraid to want it.
Castiel kisses his hand again, he's got no clue what he's saying but he agrees to it anyway. "Just us, we'll go-" Dean falls asleep with the hint of a smile on his face, he gets up to kiss him goodnight. "That does sounds nice-" his lips press against his warm cheek next, "Just get better for me baby-" After he checks Dean's fluids one more time he leaves the room.
"You're growing up-" Castiel reaches reaches for the bag containing his school supplies and hands it out for him to take. "Here, got you these for school." it's better to send him on his way as fast as possible because he can feel the water works coming and they're coming soon.
"He's not some pervert Bobby-" Dean groans, shutting the book and laying back in bed. "-and he doesn't do nothin' to me."
"You're not going anywhere, if I have to ground you then I will." They're both surprised and neither of them know where that tone of voice came from. "You're staying here and that's final." Bobby walks in from out back, he's cleaning his hands off on a rag- he heard everything but he doesn't make a move to get involved.
Castiel is halfway done with his food and drink, "Do you know what they do to people who don't want to eat, Dean?" he shakes his head, "A nurse sticks a thin tube in your nose-"
It's like Castiel knew that Dean wasn't over needing a father just yet and came to this conclusion after thinking about it for a long time. It was impossible to feel ready for marriage when you haven't had a real childhood in the first place. If he had to to be one to give that to him, then so be it because he loves Dean Winchester that much.
“Is that your pup?” the girl asked, letting go of the man’s hand and approaching Dean, eyes full of unveiled curiosity.
Dean blushed. “Uh, yeah. I’m fine.” His response was terser than was warranted, but he was in a parking lot without blockers and there was an Alpha nearby. He picked up a familiar smoky scent and turned back to the car. The pup was standing on the front seat, staring out at them, stuffed bunny clung to his chest.
“Not to sound rude, but I’m having a little trouble deciphering your scent,” Dean said, trying to keep his tone casual.
“Not exactly. It generally depends on the strength of the Angel in question. The Vessel of an Archangel for instance-” He gestured to Dean. “-can safely host a lesser Angel. But the Vessel of a lesser angel would burn out when inhabited by a greater Angel.”
Dean leaned forward, pressing a kiss between Cass’ shoulder blades. “So needy for me. Aren’t you, Cass?” He gave a hard thrust.
Dean grunted, blinking. His ear tickled as something sniffed inside it. A startled yip sounded near the same ear when he moved his arms. Clearing his throat, he rubbed his eyes before turning his head, seeing a tiny black pup staring at him. Its ears flattened, tail tucked in, and belly flat onto the bed.
Dean couldn’t say what possessed him to do what he did next. But, within the hour, he’d dressed haphazardly in dirty pair of jeans and the old t-shirt he’d originally slept in. It was threadbare and had a few holes in it, but it was the first thing that didn’t smell completely gross he got his hands on. He’d quickly had everything packed into the Impala. The little boy was covered in another of his t-shirts, one free of stale blocker residue, and seated in his lap as he drove away from the motel.
Glancing around the standard room, he decided he wasn’t looking forward to washing off the scent blockers he always wore when going out in public. It would just sharpen his senses and heighten his awareness of whatever smells had permanently taken up residence in the fabric of the room. Unfortunately, blockers always affected shifters more strongly than non-shifters, and he’d been wearing them all day. His sinuses were beginning to feel stuffy. If he left it too much longer, he’d just wind up with a headache that may or may not still be there in the morning. And
The man (Cassiel?) cleared his throat, stepping closer. His eyes shifted around the still mostly empty parking lot nervously. “Yes. It appears that something has occurred to alter the course of the Divine Plan.” He frowned, looking down at Claire. “But I still haven’t figured out what could have caused some of the Host to attack the lines of certain True Vessels.”
He was towelling off his hair when a man’s angry shouting could be heard over the storm outside, followed by a slamming door. He sat on the end of the bed and tossed the towel aside, stretching his back and shoulders for a few minutes, when a sound reached his sensitive ears. If he hadn’t been a shifter, he wouldn’t have been able to pick it up over the wind and rain. It was the whining cry of a distressed pup.
Lifting the doll to his lips again, he blew lightly onto its back. On the bed, Castiel gasped, visibly shivering. Dean ran a fingertip across the doll’s crotch and Cass’ hips bucked, a startled, breathy groan tearing from his throat.
The house he was seated in front of was painted a light blue with white trim. Flowers that attracted things like hummingbirds and bees were planted along the front of the house along either side of the path leading up to the porch. A low stone and concrete fence bordered the lawn along the sidewalk.
The information must’ve filtered into both their minds at the same time as Castiel paused before answering. “Super strength and enhanced speed…” He smirked. “You appear to be very… nimble.”
It wasn’t long before his bedroom door opened and his angel entered, face flushed, and breath ragged. Dean watched as he brushed a thumb across the doll’s abdomen. Cass shut his eyes, body giving a shudder. The door closed and Cass began shedding his coat.
.” He was already panting, and they’d barely gotten started. The fingers disappeared and, if he weren’t already flushed with arousal, he’d have blushed at the whine he gave in protest.
James Winchester. Dean thought of his mother, wondering suddenly what she’d think of him taking in a stray pup. James Marius Winchester. He grinned, hugging his pup, his son, closer. He liked it.
“I’m not- you know what, whatever. Get in the car.” Before he could look up again, he noticed something else. “Dude.” He looked back up at Castiel, eyes narrowed. “Did you just give me boobs?” The mounds on his chest certainly suggested the answer was a definite, resounding yes.
Dean figured they might be able to just make it into Ohio before his instincts got antsy about keeping the kids in the car for too long. Maybe they’d make South Dakota by sundown the next day, or late morning the day after.
“Are you alright?” the man asked, his voice deep and rumbling. Dean breathed in, noting with some apprehension that the man was an Alpha. They were both shifters, and the girl was still far too young to have presented.
Dean huffed. Damn vamps and their stupid out of the way nests. He tramped through the woods on his way back to where he parked the car, having to park Baby at a distance as there wasn’t a road that led directly to the house.
They lay next to each other, panting. Cass may not sweat, but he could still work his body up like he’d just run a marathon. When his heartrate returned close enough to normal, Dean pulled Cass against him, kissing his temple. “I love you,” he breathed.
“Got what you need right here, Sunshine.” He pressed the blunt head of his cock to Castiel’s stretched hole. “You ready?”
“You can call me Cas, if that makes it any less interesting,” the man (Angel) responded. “Though, please don’t call me Cassie. Some of my brethren find it amusing. I find I don’t agree.”
All his old baggage flitted through his mind in a matter of seconds, and he forcibly stowed his crap. He pushed all thoughts of his broken pack aside and focused on the pup under the car.
It had rained recently, so the ground was slippery and muddy. He cursed whenever one of his feet caught or slipped on an exposed root. He was sweaty and covered in grime and blood.
, his mind supplied] retrieved items from a mailbox and waived at him, cheery smile on her face. As with the children, he waved back. A little ways in the other direction the neighborhood crotchety old man that kinda looked like Stan Lee was yelling at some other kids that were getting too close to his lawn.
Dean blinked. “Um, sort of? He was with a non-shifter family that left him out in a storm when he was in his wolf form.”
If he hadn’t been soaked and stiff from the cold, he’d have just shifted and groomed the little pup that way to warm it up. But he didn’t feel like dealing with a wet pelt. He wouldn’t have wanted to lay on the bed while wet, and he was already dealing with a scared pup, and shifting right now would hurt more than he wanted to put up with at present. The mattress, despite being crappy, was still more comfortable than lying directly on the floor.
“So no wall sex?” He quipped immediately. They both turned a deep shade of red. He cleared his throat again and resolutely stared out the front window. Turning onto a different street, he cleared his throat again. “So, uh, what about the munchkin? What can he do?”
Dean flushed at the tone even as he got flashes, like memories, of doing some gymnastics-like exercises at Xavier’s as a teen. “I, uh…” he cleared his throat. “I don’t feel any different.”
“Hi,” Dean said, smiling softly as the little boy sat up, rubbing his eyes. “My name’s Dean.” The boy stared up at him, head tilted similarly to the way he’d done as a wolf. “What’s your name?” He frowned when the boy shrugged. “You don’t know your name?” The boy shrugged again, looking down at the blankets. Dean reached over and wiped his messy black hair off his forehead, massaging the little scalp with his fingertips like he’d done the night before. The boy leaned into his touch. Dean frowned again before picking him up and holding him close to his chest. His breath hitched as the light pressure on his chest ached, like a particularly tender bruise. A glance showed there was nothing visibly wrong. He shrugged it off and ignored the tenderness in favor of focusing on the pup. He brushed the hair from the boy’s forehead again, inspecting a strangely shaped scar. It was wavy, with little veins streaking off it. It kind of resembled lightning striking the ground.
Castiel’s head tilted again, confusion clear in his expression. “You were beginning to lactate, and it was causing you pain. I helped the process along so it wouldn’t hurt anymore.”
“Hey pup,” he said, low voice rumbling with sleep. “How long have you been up?” He pushed himself into a sitting position, his bruised back protesting the movement. He rubbed sleep from his eyes and studied the little ball of fluff. He rubbed his chest muscles for a moment, idly wondering just how hard he’d landed this time for everything to feel so bruised, before slowly reaching out and picking up the little one. He held it in his arm, flipped onto its back like a human baby. It (he, Dean realized) yipped in surprise, legs flailing. Dean grinned and tickled his tummy. The pup let out a little growl and Dean couldn’t help chuckling. He continued playing with the pup. Tickling his tummy and curling his fingers in a claw-like motion, letting the pup try catch his hand with his paws.
name,” Dean said as he drove. It was getting late, and he planned to find a motel in the next town. The pups had fallen asleep just as they’d left the last one. He’d placed the duffle with his and Jamie’s clothing on the seat between the two pups earlier to give Claire something more comfortable than just her small backpack to lean against if she got tired. He remembered all too well what it was like to pass out on a long drive at that age.
Looking back up at the house, he approached the front door. He tried the door, finding it locked as he’d expected. Picking one of the strange keys at random, he fitted it into the lock. When it didn’t work, he tried the next one. The lock clicked open and he went inside, letting it shut softly behind him.
A pack of pull-ups and a few changes of clothes. Shoes, a jacket, a couple sweaters. All the clothing was intentionally too big for the boy (within reason) as Dean remembered how quickly pups grew at that age. He wasn’t entirely sure of everything pups this young need, and he doesn’t want to ask anyone and raise suspicions. He was only five when Sammy was this age. He figured that what he had in the cart was enough for the moment. Once they got out of town, he could figure out what else was needed as they went.
Castiel looked at him, an apologetic look on his face. “I’ll keep that in mind.” Dean could feel him studying him. He glared. “I promise not to read your mind.”
“As you wish.” Dean’s hands grasped more securely on his hips and Cas keened at the jolt as the man pulled almost all the way out and thrust back in with a single quick thrust. All he was capable of as the man behind him jack-hammered into him was whining gasps. Fists clung to the bedspread, and he pushed back to meet Dean’s thrusts, stars bursting in his eyes.
In the parking lot, he picked the cat up and, maybe a little too roughly, deposited it on the ground. “Get outta here. Scram.” A light shower had started up. He sighed and trudged to his room. A shower sounded great. Even if the water was bound to be lukewarm and the water pressure was crap.
him. Trusted him enough to willingly face putting his body autonomy entirely in Dean’s hands. Literally.
He said the name like a prayer, rocking his hips back to fuck himself on the man’s fingers. “Oh fuck…
“A Vessel is a human whose body is strong enough to contain the energy, or grace, of an Angel’s true form. Our true forms are
Castiel huffed, ready to tell the man to hurry up when something hot and thick started pressing into him. His body instantly started relaxing, more than ready for what was coming. He moaned as Dean shallowly thrust into him, hands grasping his hips as his thick cock slid into him, inch by inch, until his hips were pressed against Castiel’s ass. Cas shook, forcing his breathing to calm down. He hadn’t taken a cock this big in forever. His hole burned as it was stretched wide, exactly how he liked it.
Biting his lip, Dean traced his thumbs slowly up the little doll’s legs, massaging its hips. Pressing into the hips, he lifted it to his lips, whispering to it. His voice rumbled. “Come into my room, strip yourself down until your completely naked, then kneel on my bed and begin fingering yourself open with the lube sitting on my nightstand.” He resumed stroking the doll’s sides lightly with his thumbs.
The man’s grin widened to a gummy smile. “We haven’t been formally introduced,” he said in a deep, rumbling voice. It made Dean shiver and settled somewhere low in his belly. “I’m Castiel. And you saved my life last night.”
With Dean’s hands grasping onto his thighs, he lifted himself and rode the man under him like the world was ending tomorrow.
“I wondered how long it take for you to start thinking about him like this.” Dean turned to find Jack standing calmly, hands resting at his sides. “I honestly expected you to take much longer, what with how… repressed… you always were.”
The man chuckled. “Cat have an instinct to mark what they like. It seems I was unable to prevent my instincts from doing so to you. In the process, I believe I accidentally brushed up against your mouth with mine and… well…” He looked sheepish. “As far as the curse was concerned, that counted as a kiss.”
He stood and opened the door, looking around. The lot was, understandably, empty. Rain was pouring down and the cold wind made the windows rattle. He stilled, head tilted, listening for the sound again. When he didn’t hear it, he scented the air. The shower had managed to mostly clear his stuffed nose, the fresh air outside cleared his senses the rest of the way allowing him to pick up a faint charred scent of distress through the rain. A gust of wind blew more of the scent in his direction. He engaged the lock on his door to prevent it from shutting completely and followed the scent down a little way, near the room with the English family. A suspicion settled in him like a stone. Cold rain pelted down on him as he paused again. Sniffing, Dean neared the station wagon. He had to crouch to get a look underneath. In the low light of a streetlight, he could make out the tiny, shivering form of a soaked shifter pup in wolf form hiding behind the front tire.
“We don’t know the full extent of it yet. So far he seems to be able to create a shield of some sort around himself when he’s frightened. He’s still very young. We won’t know if he can do more until he’s older.”
“I…” he swallowed. His skin turning clammy. His vision unable to decide where to focus. His grip on Castiel’s wrist tightened. “Cas… I…” He drew in a deep breath, looking deep into the familiar blue eyes, beseeching…
Jack tilted his head in an even more familiar way. Dean crossed his arms, breathing a harsh sigh through his nose. “He is… helping me. With a project.”
“Hey, little one,” Dean said, keeping his voice low despite the wind and rain. He lowered himself until he was lying on his stomach. “It’s okay.” Ignoring the ache in his back as he contorted to reach a hand under the station wagon towards the pup. He waited, letting it scent him.
and he deserves this, but he opts to continue taking things slow, and instead of continuing his descent back south, he makes the decision to climb back up Dean’s body, letting his lips trail up the entire way. Dean groans in annoyance, but Cas knows that it’s only half-hearted if the way that he kisses when their lips finally meet tells him anything. It’s messy and needy and nothing like the sweet morning kisses that they were sharing only half an hour ago, but Cas loves it all the same and kisses Dean back with gusto, his own fingers carding through the other man’s hair, a thigh slotting between his legs, bodies pressed together.
“Ingrained in us?” Sam offers, and when Dean glances back up at him, eyebrows raised, he chuckles. “Yep. I know.”
“How’s it look out there?” Dean’s voice shakes him out of his reverie, and for a moment, Cas struggles to find the words to respond, still so caught up in
Dean mutters, effectively cutting him off. He doesn’t look at Cas when he speaks, instead training his gaze down at the table, at the space where their names are carved into the wood. Still,
But Dean doesn’t say all of that. He doesn’t even know if he could get the right words out without sounding completely unhinged or self-deprecating, and it doesn’t matter anyway, because Cas
you know?” he says at last, looking down at his hands as he speaks, “Settling down. Accepting that this is it - that we’re not one week away from some fucked up M. Night Shyamalan plot twist that’s going to completely turn everything upside down and -”
I’ve been thinking about what you said to me, right before the end, trying to live up to the way that you see me, and its fucking
of knowing that they’re snowed in, because when they went to bed last night, it had only just started snowing, and he knows for a fact that he hasn’t looked outside since.
that he should be getting out of bed soon, that he needs to get ready for the day and eventually get down to The Roadhouse to begin opening, but he can’t help it. He can’t help it when Dean looks at him
It isn’t until Dean climbs into bed, the mattress dipping slightly under his weight, that Cas stirs, turning slightly to crack an eye open and look up at him in the dark. “Everything okay?” he mumbles, half awake, voice raspy with sleep.
Dean clears his throat, then tries again. “Well, I mean… Sam and I have been working pretty hard to find a way to get you back, so if one of us were to pray -”
doing that - and spur him onward, but they also go straight to his groin as well, making him ache for release.
bedroom with Cas, because at this point, they’re definitely cohabitating and he doesn’t hate it one bit. When Dean opens the door and slips inside, just a small sliver of light sneaks its way in, quickly painting Cas’ sleeping form in the faint glow from the lights down the hall, where Sam is still sitting in the kitchen, before he closes the door with a quiet click.
because he can’t handle losing Cas again, because he doesn’t know if he’d be able to take it if this happy ending was ripped away from them.
or because he, like Dean, is unashamed to admit it. He glances at Dean quickly before adding, “Although I’m prepared to spend as much time as I need to atoning for leaving Dean in the manner that I did and abandoning you all at the eleventh hour.”
And when Dean finally lunges forward, there’s nothing. No monster or demon or angel waiting for him, just the light above the bay swinging back and forth, buzzing with electrical current.
Dean’s voice is rough when he finally manages to string together the complete sentence, a gravely tone that sends shivers down Cas’ spine and has him digging his fingers into the meat of Dean’s thighs. Everything about Dean is beautiful, from his striking green eyes to his calloused fingers and the gray flecks in his hair and stubble all the way to the sharp lines of his collar bones and the trail of hair that leads down his navel, the hard cock jutting out from between his hips and the raspy sound of his voice now, as he asks for just a little bit more.
love for a best friend that saved him when he needed it most, both physically and spiritually. Dean loved Castiel as a brother as they fought side by side in a losing battle together, and then, so slowly and subtly that he didn’t even notice it at first, Dean began to love Cas in other ways, too.
It should be embarrassing, Cas should feel at least a little bit of shame at how easily he caves to Dean’s pouts and sweet words and kissable lips, but he can’t help it, and he blames it on years of wishing, of daydreaming and longing. All of that time spent wondering what it would be like to kiss Dean, to press him into the mattress and comb his fingers through his hair, to
And that’s all it takes before Cas is taking him back into his mouth, reveling in the choked off moan that he earns in response. Now, Cas doesn’t take his time, doesn’t attempt to bring Dean to release at a leisurely pace. Instead, he reaches up, pressing Dean’s hand firmly against the back of his head, their fingers overlapping as he encourages him to take what he needs, to
Obviously, Dean has his own selfish reasons for wanting Cas to stay, but they’ll cross that bridge when they get to it.
you got out?” Sam asks about an hour later, long after they’ve put Cas through the usual tests (despite Dean’s insistence that
So after that routine hunt, which ended with a bloody t-shirt, a soon to be scar and most importantly, two very
or non-verbally when he presses his head down just a little bit or tugs slightly at his hair or touches any inch of him that he can cause
Maybe Cas first noticed it when he realized that Dean never once gave up on him in Purgatory (“I prayed to you, Cas, every night”). Or maybe it was a slow thing that creeped up on him, when Dean continued to sacrifice everything again and again in a hopeless attempt to save the world. Yeah, maybe it was Dean’s unwavering hope that good would triumph over evil, that if they fought hard enough, they’d win. Maybe, Cas realized it upon their first meeting, but simply didn’t have a word to put to the feeling or the realization back then when he looked right into those brilliant green eyes and saw fear and anger, but also determination and hope and compassion. Maybe it happened when Cas methodically pieced his soul back together by the atom, before they even properly met, when the core of who Dean was as a person was laid bare before him, because that alone was beautiful in itself.
ways that mattered, but he was never naive enough to think it would ever pan out. Even when he was younger, before hell and heaven and the weight of the world fell on his shoulders, he knew that his fate was sealed before he even had a chance to forge his own path. He’d probably die young - a freak accident on a hunting trip gone wrong, or painfully outnumbered, guns blazing.
Dean is - always has been - like a tightly coiled spring, ready to snap. Years ago, that came with a bad connotation - Dean was easy to agitate, quick to make rash decisions when emotions were involved without considering all possible outcomes, thinking with his heart first and logic later. And Cas loved him all the same, but
Sam finally reaches forward to turn off the water. The room falls silent as Sam clearly formulates his next words, his next question, and for a moment, Dean regrets saying
“I couldn’t hear it,” Cas answers mercifully before Dean can finish his question, and he’s not sure if the answer makes him feel any better or not.
and that he still feels the same way now. But he knows that if he does it now, they’ll never make it home. He’ll crash the car or have to pull over when everything becomes
- a million things, but all he can do is stare, his throat closing up, his body freezing on the spot as…
Cas lives for this, really - riling Dean up, dragging things along, making him squirm and beg for release. It doesn’t come from some sadistic place, but more so because Cas just revels in seeing him like this, so unlike the hardened man on the surface that most people know. Dean is - he always
warmer. Dean laughs a whole hell of a lot more these days, and Cas revels in the fact that he has some part in it, that he plays a part in Dean’s happiness. Even now, standing in the doorway of their shared bedroom, the idea that they have this, that there isn’t something terrible waiting around the corner, that there isn’t some price they have to pay for this, that they can just
And it’s strange, really. Part of him is petrified. He feels more frightened of this, of bearing it all and letting someone
Cas leans down at that, pressing a quick, gentle kiss to the tip of Dean’s nose, earning a sigh in response. “I’ll make it up to you tonight,” he murmurs, “I promise.”
what he means. The realization hits him hard, and already, he has countless questions for Cas - questions that he doesn’t feel comfortable coming to light in front of Sam and Eileen.
for them. He gave his life to give them a chance to keep fighting. Why the hell wouldn’t they want him here? He’s family. He’s their brother, as far as Sam is concerned.
It’s funny, really. His last hunt was nearly three weeks ago, and the one before that almost two months ago, yet some instincts are ingrained for life. The lights flicker, and Dean pauses, holding his breath, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
So twenty minutes later, as they’re both standing at the sink, Sam washing dirty dishes and Dean drying them (and
Cas has already said all of these words to Dean before, so there’s no use in repeating himself now, especially when he knows that he should just be getting on with it, but he’s sure that it’s written all over his face. And for a moment, time seems to stand still as Dean gazes up at him before he huffs out a soft laugh and murmurs, “Yeah, you too.”
Cas, unbothered by Dean’s impatience or the slight irritation in his voice, simply leans down, lips grazing across his hips and the area just above his groin, reveling in the way that Dean’s muscles jump at the light contact, slightly ticklish. “We have all morning” Cas murmurs against his skin, “And I recall promising that I’d make it up to you earlier.”
Dean, having chosen an admittedly terrible time to take a sip of his drink, nearly chokes at Castiel’s words and takes a moment before muttering,
however, control what happened to Cas, and even now, nearly a month removed from that fateful day, it’s still eating Dean up inside. It’s eating him up because after everything Castiel ever did for him - all the times he saved Dean’s ass or brought him back from Hell or Purgatory or the brink of destruction, all the times he offered a shoulder to lean on or an open mind or a listening ear - Dean couldn’t be there for him when he needed him the most.
Cas wouldn’t trade this for the world. He feels so grateful to know Dean so profoundly now, both inside and out. Now, he knows the beauty of Dean when he first wakes up in the morning, shuffling into the kitchen with messy hair, still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He knows the beauty of Dean exhausted after a long trip to visit Sam and Eileen, or an eventful night at The Roadhouse or even the occasional hunt. He knows the beauty of Dean buzzed on good whiskey, his cheeks flushed and the smile never leaving his face because they have so many good things to celebrate nowadays, and he knows the beauty of Dean even when he’s hungover, grouchy and tired, but still accepting of Cas’ help when he hands over a bottle of Advil and some water the next morning, murmuring a soft
Dean takes a drink of his whiskey while he plans his next words, then steels himself before muttering, “Yeah, well I would have rather had you here.”
That’s not to say that he’s not reasonable, though. Cas knows that he lets it go just a little too far - he should have stopped when Dean started getting handsy - but it isn’t until Dean is kissing down the column of his throat that Cas finally makes the decision to pull back, just slightly, enough to look him in the eyes and give him an apologetic smile.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean shakes his head, deciding that there’s no better time than
Their eyes meet once more, and for the millionth time in one night, Dean nearly has to pinch himself because
Dean shrugs, finally crossing the threshold into the kitchen. “Nah,” he mutters as he crosses the room, “Cas snores.” It’s not a lie, really, but it’s definitely a deflection as well. He’s not entirely sure if he wants to have this conversation with Sam tonight.
to face this growing thing between them head-on, and he wonders what his past self would think if he knew that he’d end up here. It was all worth it, of course, and Cas would do it all over again if it meant that he could have this, but he can’t help but wonder if he’d believe it, back then, that he could have what he wanted, that he’d be able to see Dean like this, to share moments like this with him.
But then Dean looks up at his brother and thinks of everything they’ve been through together, and he decides that
For a moment, Dean just takes the image of him in - messy hair, squinting eyes, furrowed brow and all - and he can’t help but wonder how he didn’t see it before. He can’t help but wonder how he was so blind, how he couldn’t tell until Cas’ teary-eyed confession that he felt the same way, how he didn’t realize until
it’s a good look on him, leaning up against the table, a drink in his hand and a smile on his face. Dean nods, waiting for him to go on.
It doesn’t necessarily make the heartache and guilt hurt any less. Dean still spends his free time pulling new books off the shelf and trying to a find a missing piece to an old puzzle that he’ll never finish, and he still finds himself talking to Cas in the quiet of the Impala on long drives by himself or praying to him at night when the heartache becomes too much to bear, but -
He shrugs. “I don’t know. I’ve always thought about retiring and getting a cabin somewhere in the mountains. Maybe opening a bar like The Roadhouse,” he hums, “Montana doesn’t sound half bad.”
So maybe that’s why it’s so easy for Dean to convince Cas to stay in bed, because Cas could never say no to a moment like this with him, because they’ve
But looking at Cas, right here, right now, in the dim light of the bunker, in the middle of the night, Dean thinks that maybe, this is the beginning of his happy ending. And deep down, he knows that he deserves this.
Cas looks away at that, his jaw clenching for just the briefest seconds before schools his face once more, as if deciding whether or not to continue speaking before adding, “And it came at a great cost.”
Assessing the situation, Dean takes inventory of what he knows. He hasn’t encountered a demon since Chuck’s demise and Jack took over, but that’s not to say that they’re not still around. Maybe they’re hiding. Angels, too. Jack had said that he was going to be hands off - and he has made good on that promise thus far - but maybe he meant it in the sense that he wasn’t going to be keeping tabs on all of God’s
Intimacy, however, is another beast entirely. It took months after they were first intimate with one another for Dean to actually
Sam replies, his tone saying so much more than the one word, like Dean is crazy for thinking that he wouldn’t understand. “You’re not alone in that. I’ve felt the same way ever since we defeated Chuck. Every morning I wake up next to Eileen and I think…” he trails off, shaking his head, and Dean knows
Dean hears movement behind him and whirls on instinct before he can even consider his options. Shoot first, ask questions later. It has always worked for him before, and Dean prays that it doesn’t let him down now.
By some miracle, Cas is sitting in the passenger seat, in one piece and very much alive, two years removed from that fateful night when he was so cruelly taken away before his time, before he even really truly got to live, before -
Over the past few years, Castiel has come to learn that Dean has many different ways of kissing. There’s the quick
be happy, and really, he is, but he also can’t help but feel that this is going to be short lived. He can’t help but think that something awful is lurking just around the corner, waiting to rip this all away from him.
can only see his lips moving, and one moment, he’s on the bed, the sheets pooled around his waist, Cas reaching out for him, and the next thing he knows, he’s sitting on the floor, his knees pulled up to his chest, his eyes wide and unseeing as Cas continues to speak gently to him, attempting to talk him down.
and isn’t that a fucking thought? Cas is sure that if he voiced it, it would get a good laugh out of the other man.
And honestly, that’s just it. Deep down, he knows that it’s irrational and shitty and likely due to the fact that he has had to fight and claw and struggle his entire life, because he has spent so long hiding who he really is and thinking that he can’t have what he wants, but that doesn’t make it any less difficult. Dean
So just as Cas moves to swing his legs over the edge of the bed, Dean wraps an arm impossibly tighter around his middle, pulling him back down into the plush blankets.
and The Empty and coming back, Cas never would have been able to imagine having a life like this - a
for someone. Things just came so much easier when he was picking up a beautiful woman at a bar or making the eyes at the server or even flirting with the hot bartender who wasn’t really his type, but he had kissable lips and baby blues and reminded him just enough of a certain someone who he couldn’t seem to get off his mind.
But that doesn’t mean that Dean wants to disturb Cas from his sleep right now to discuss his trauma at length. Instead, once he’s sure that Cas is out, Dean slips gingerly out of bed, pulling a pair of discarded sweats on and a t-shirt over his head before stepping out into the hallway and pulling the door closed quietly behind himself.
I’m an asshole.” He looks up at Sam, his eyes wide as they peer through his fingers, “You’ve talked to Eileen about this?”
It’s perfect. It’s one little cabin in the mountains short of everything that Dean has ever wanted, and they’re even working on that. So why wouldn’t he be happy?
For a moment, as he fought with some shitty vampires in a dusty, worn-down barn in the middle of nowhere, Dean felt like he was in
Seemingly sensing that this conversation is taking a rather serious turn, Sam shuts his laptop before admitting, “Yeah man, I think about it all the time.” Then, after a beat, he adds, leaning forward just a little, “What brought this on?”
Years ago, when they first met, when they were just soldiers together in an unbeatable war, when they were brothers and best friends and family, Cas never even entertained the idea that one day, he might get to see Dean like this. In fact, he would have been happy to settle for what they had before, if it just meant that he could remain in Dean’s life. He was
He groaned as the warmer than expected water from the shower ran down his skin. It wasn’t the best shower ever. The pressure sucked as much as he’d predicted, but at least it wasn’t cold. He’d experienced more of those over the years that he cared to think about. He quickly scrubbed the dirt and sweaty grime from his skin and hair, already feeling the bruises on his back. That was the part about hunting that always sucked: the inevitable injuries from being tossed into things. But his job was done, and he could finally leave this place.
Dean didn’t spend the next 40-ish years simply driving along some nondescript road in Baby until Sam bit the big one. He did, however, drive for quite a while before pulling over. He sat on Baby’s hood, frowning and wondering about something that had been bothering him. Wondering about…
The next time Dean was woken up it was due to the pup squirming. A glance told him it was shifting. He quickly shifted back into human form and watched as the black furred pup slowly shifted into the tiny boy the English couple were always barking at. The boy blinked owlishly up at Dean with green eyes that matched his own fairly closely.
He also remembered that nursing could be comforting to pups until they were old enough to present. Before he could think about it too hard, he reacted. “C’mere.” He fully removed his shirt and held out his free arm. She sniffled again and moved to sit beside him, half in his lap and latched onto his other nipple. He shoved the voice in his head that still sounded suspiciously like John into the back of his mind. He just held both pups to him while they did what pups generally did with their nursing Omega parents. Breathing in their scents, he noted how different they were from each other, but familiar to him in an odd way he couldn’t place. Deep inside, somewhere in his soul, his wolf was content in a way it had never been before.
He stumbled until he passed nearby a creek, the water still higher than normal thanks to the recent rainfall. Dean could tell that the storm was gearing up to start again. It was likely going to get even worse than it had been.
Claire frowned. “How do you not know?” She squinted at the pup, and he could practically see the wheels in her head turning. “Did you save him like Daddy saved me?”
They chuckled when a small, displeased voice shouted from inside the kitchen. They pulled apart and entered the room. Dean took in Castiel’s form as the man approached a high chair with the child from the photo. He idly noted that the child was a little older [
Castiel snorted. “Don’t worry, Dean,” he said as he took Harry back into his arms. “It’s good for his development to see his parents sharing affection.”
Dean looked away from the house to a small group of children riding bikes along the sidewalk, chorusing their greeting and waving as they rode past. Their names came, unbidden, to his mind as he waved back, bewildered, and grinned as he watched them go. He stood as he looked around the street again. A few houses away, a woman [
They were both currently thirty years old and had met at the Xavier Institute… They and their son were
The damn cat had jumped onto his bed and headbutted him. Tired and pissed, he all but tossed the cat onto the floor. “Stay down or I’ll toss you out, storm or no storm.” He got a meow in return. He grumbled and settled back into his pillow, drifting off to sleep to the sound of rain pelting the window.
And so, Dean now found himself walking into a zoo, of all places, with his new family. As he stared at the bend where Cas’ neck met his shoulder, a new memory-like vision flashed through his mind. His face burned and he cleared his throat. There’d be time for
Dean looked down at the boy, big green eyes staring back up at him. Running a hand through messy black hair, he asked “What do you think, pup? You want to be James?” He tilted his little head. “We could call you Jamie. You want your name to be Jamie?” The boy leaned into Dean, face rubbing against his shirt, tugging on the fabric.
He leaned in, speaking in a low voice that went right to Castiel’ groin. “Well, if you end up writhing in bed against me later, I won’t have to answer that.”
“If Jack did to you what he did to me, your abilities will slowly come in over the next few days. It’ll allow you to… grow into them, so to speak.”
Dean picked up the purple bottle of lube, using it to jerk himself off until his half-hard cock was fully erect. He kneeled behind Cass on the bed.
The pup eventually stopped shivering and, whining, curled into his armpit. He gently rubbed its head with his fingertips and massaged its ears until it fell asleep. He drifted off to a scent akin to cherry pie, the air after a rainstorm, and something floral.
like this one: an evening full of debauchery with someone who didn’t need to know his name. He grinned and went to change into something far less formal than his work attire and get ready for the kind of activity he was hoping for tonight.
“Yes. The curse required a kiss to reverse it. Just like the frog prince. Only I was a cat and not a prince.”
The man grinned, mirroring his casual pose. “I’m just saying, you look like you could grip me tight and raise me from perdition.”
Cas was rolled onto his back, and he grasped onto the bedspread behind his head, legs wound tight around Dean’s waist as the man continued to thrust into him. He leaned forward, capturing Castiel’s mouth in a searing kiss. Letting go of the fabric beneath him, Cas clung to Dean, one arm around the man’s broad shoulders. His other hand dragged his nails down Dean’s back. He held on until Dean’s body tensed above him, the man growling into Cas’ neck as he came.
The man (Castiel!) sighed, shoulders drooping. He suddenly looked much older and incredibly weary. “There is a lot to explain. And I get the feeling you won’t like any of it.” They stared into each other’s eyes for a long moment. “But I can promise you I mean no harm to either you or your child.” He turned to where the car seat was partially installed. “I can help you with this. And then we must be on our way.”
The pup’s head lifted. Its little snout sniffing the air. It caught sight of him and whined, curling its body into a tight ball, clearly scared.
Dean looked between the two. Something particularly strange was afoot, and he knew strange. “I… what?”
Dean stood in his room, staring at his bed. Cradled in his hand is the doll. It’s not exactly a pretty thing, but it wasn’t the aesthetics that mattered. He swallowed thickly as he stared at it. Castiel had said it would be okay. Hell, the guy was the one to suggest it, after all. Still, Dean was hesitant. If he was being truly honest here, and he tried not to be when it came to anything about himself directly, he’d admit he was more than a little apprehensive. He wouldn’t go so far as to call himself scared. That was too strong. But he
Dean sighed, snuggling into the warmth next to him. It’d been a long time since he’d woken up next to somebody. Years in fact. He hadn’t gotten close enough to anyone to want to stay the night since Lisa. He turned his head into the feeling of his bedpartner stroking his face, nuzzling the warm hand when he froze.
] as the boy started babbling. Castiel was dressed in dark jeans and a grey t-shirt. Dean swallowed. The new outfit certainly showed off more than the stuffy old tax accountant look ever did.
“Well, I’m not normally a cat.” That had Dean relaxing. It also answered the question he suddenly had about why he wasn’t sneezing. The cat had probably been too wet to set off his allergies, but feline familiars set them off in their human forms as well. “I had the misfortune to have a run-in with an ill-tempered witch. Thankfully, you were not only able to save me from drowning, but you were also able to break the curse she’d put on me.”
“Yeah, I know,” cut in. “Just never thought I’d actually be doing this.” A sniffle turned his attention from Jamie to Claire. She was leaning into Castiel’s side, eyes trained on Jamie.
Dean set the pup on the bed and stood, stripping out of his shirt and sweats. He glanced at the pup. “Watch this.” He shifted into his wolf form, huffing at the pull of his already sore muscles. The pup barked. It stared at him, little head tilted and the expression on his little one of surprised awe. He jumped up onto the bed and laid down, allowing the pup to sniff him curiously. He pulled the pup closer to him, between his forelegs, and began cleaning the little one’s messy fur. The pup grumbled and growled cutely in protest of the impromptu bath, but it didn’t pull away too far. The smoky quality in its scent was fading to a mere whisp he could only just pick up.
The man’s hand slid down Dean’s neck and along his chest. Dean’s heart pounded beneath the large palm. “I would very much like to thank you for your assistance.”
That was all the invitation Dean needed to grasp onto Cass’ other hip as well and give a few experimental thrusts before immediately switching to a swift, rough pace. Castiel’s head dropped forward, forehead pressed to the mattress as he moaned loudly, rocking back into Dean’s thrusts.
He stowed his weapon in the trunk and got into the driver’s seat. Yelping as something darted up and over his lap before he could shut the door. “What the—” The cat was curling up on the passenger seat. “Aw, hell no. Get out,” he demanded. The cat looked up at him, unfazed. It blinked up at him with big blue eyes. Its messy black fur was sticking to its body, and it shivered. He stared at it, it stared right back. “Dammit.” He shut the door and started the car, turning on the heater. He glared at it as he drove back to the motel.
Castiel’s eyes shifted to where the photo hung, a small frown on his face before his expression softened. He turned back to Dean, a small, lopsided smile tugging at his mouth. He gave a low, nearly silent laugh, thumb caressing Dean’s skin where it was still pressed against his face. “I know.” He said softly.
He almost passed the isle with car seats, and backtracked. He vaguely recalled his father being able to put one in the backseat for Sam. He studied the selection, feeling out of his depth, and balked a bit at the cost. Looking down at the pup that was staring up at him from the child seat, he sighed. He pressed a small kiss to the boy’s messy hair, breathing in his floral cherry pie scent. It calmed his nerves. He took a deep breath and continued browsing. Eventually he left the store with a small number of basic supplies for the pup, including a plush stuffed bunny with long ears that were clutched in the pup’s tiny fists.
When Sam glances up from the laptop, he seems surprised to see him. “No,” he replies after a moment of studying him, “You?”
incident is all but a distant memory, resulting in only a gnarly scab, no stitches (although he probably could have used ‘em), a torn jacket and ruined t-shirt. Dean wants to be angry about it, but as he sits in his bedroom just a few days after the incident - after returning those two young, wide-eyed boys to their traumatized mother and making the long drive back home - he actually can’t help but feel a little bit grateful.
of all of his flaws - and he tries every day to face them head-on. If not for himself, then for Cas.
easy. It’s not always easy to sleep in and let himself slowly wake up to the sound of Cas’ steady breathing on late Sunday mornings, as much as he would like to cherish it. It’s not always easy to go on a run of the mill, simple hunt without worrying about what will happen if something goes wrong. And it’s not always easy to fall asleep with Cas’ arm wrapped around his middle, grounding him to the here and now, because when he closes his eyes, sometimes he’s still haunted by violent, heartbreaking images from years ago, but feels like just yesterday.
The silence weighs heavy on Dean as he drives them back to the bunker. It’s a short trek, and takes even less time at night when he knows which back roads he can safely speed down, but it doesn’t make the quiet any less palpable, the unsaid words hanging between them.
while Castiel’s story began in the seedy depths of Hell, rescuing a man who thought that he didn’t deserve to be saved and seeing every piece of his mind and soul laid bare before reconstructing him piece by broken piece. Castiel’s part in this story has always been much more poetic. Compared to him, Dean sometimes feels like he’s simply stumbling through life, lucky to even
push, that he was the one pressing Cas into the mattress, but that’s beside the point. “That’s not it. I just -”
So Cas cherishes the aches and pains that come with getting older, that always seem to arise when the weather changes, which Dean says is just
In the afterglow, long after Dean has pressed him into the mattress, hastily undressed him and brought him to release with his own hand, Cas finds himself lying next to him on top of the sheets, nude and dishevelled and honestly a little exhausted despite the fact that their day is just beginning, and honestly… it feels
Dean, caught off guard by Sam’s teasing, nearly sputters in response, struggling to reply with a witty comeback. “I didn’t -” he starts, despite the fact that he
For a moment, time seems to stand still. Dean remains frozen stock still in place, staring into the eyes of the one person that he has missed more than anything, who he has prayed to nearly every night for two full years, who he -
of his flaws. Castiel knows him better than anyone else in the world, his own brother included. He pulled him out of the depths of Hell, stitched every single piece of his soul back together, saw Dean for who he truly was, then
But, two years is a long time to hold it all in, and deep down, Dean is sick of stewing in it, sick of staying up late researching on his own, quietly praying to Castiel or Jack for a breakthrough and putting on a brave face for Sammy because his little brother doesn’t need to know how much it’s eating him up inside. He’s sick of pretending that he doesn’t miss Cas with every day that passes.
It eventually ends only moments later with Dean’s back arching gracefully off of the bed, mouth parted in a silent scream, fingers clenching in his hair, eyes screwed shut as he comes down Cas’ throat. Cas stays put for a few moments afterward, waiting for Dean to come down before pulling off of him entirely and wiping at his mouth with the back of his hand. He sits up, opening his mouth to say
“You’ve always been too hard on yourself,” Cas says gently, then considers his next words for a moment before continuing, “When I let myself imagine what it might be like when things finally came to an end, I had hope that you’d be able to carry on, to
It’s vague, but Dean hopes that Cas understands. He’s not sure if he wants to go into great detail about what just happened or what he’s been dealing with. He
he winces as his fingers graze his side through the hole in his t-shirt, noting that the fabric is damp, sticky with blood and stuck to his skin. “Got me pretty good, too. This is gonna hurt like a bitch in the morning.”
Castiel chose humanity again and again, over the will of God, over the commands of the angels in his garrison. He chose humanity - he chose
I wanted to come back to see you and Sam, but I’ve had work to do,” he insists, “It was the least I could do, after what Jack did for me - for
And as Dean drifts off to sleep, Cas held soundly in his arms, he thinks nothing of the fear and guilt that he has harbored for the majority of his life. Instead, he just feels safe, loved and
“No. Just…” he shakes his head, “The other side, you know? I mean, you got Eileen, and Cas and I - I just never thought…”
As he crouches next to the vehicle, Dean curses himself for not paying more attention during Sam’s countless calls and even video conferences with hunters out on the field. He told himself that it wasn’t important - that Sam had it under control and he didn’t need to worry about the world ending or hunting down every single monster out there, that he could just rest for once - but right now, as he waits for the other shoe to drop, Dean finds himself wishing that maybe, he’d been a little more present. At the very least, maybe he’d know what to expect, here. Maybe he’d be prepared.
Shortly after Dean drains the last of his beer, he crosses the room to reach for a half-full bottle of whiskey, deciding that if he’s really going to do this, then maybe he should have something strong on standby, just in case things go awry. He turns, lifting it up towards Cas in a silent question, and the other man simply shrugs and nods. After he has poured a couple of fingers of the amber liquor into two glasses, handing one over to Cas, he leans up against the counter in what he hopes is a casual motion.
He glances around for a moment, trying to figure out where the figure could have gone, then sets his sights on the front desk. They could easily be crouched behind it, biding their time. “Come on out, don’t make this any harder than it has to be.”
