It was weeks before Dean was allowed to leave. He had spent so long in the hospital he could swear he’d forgotten the hum of his car’s engine. Forgotten the colour of his bed sheets. He wanted to return home.
He can hear Dean’s voice in his head, over and over again, like he’s really there. ‘I love you’. It’s possible, he supposes, that Dean didn’t mean it that way, but Dean doesn’t do anything by halves. Dean, as Cas had once told Jack, feels things more acutely than any human being he’s ever known. He would rarely overstate his own feelings, if ever.
Jack laughs, shakes his head, and gives Dean a fond look. Dean moves to sit on the porch of the house he’s made. It’s empty, built for his family, not a necessity, but an offering. They can have whatever they want when they come here, but Dean has to wait somewhere. This is as good a place as any.
Maybe Dean could sense that, see it on Cas’s face even, because he took a step back. “Did I do something wrong?” He asked, and Cas could see the thinly veiled insecurity under the gruffness of his tone. He was defensive, and Cas could understand why. Especially if he was putting himself out there. Trying to be vulnerable.
If Dean has gathered anything, it’s that he and Cas were never meant to become close. Cas rebelled against Heaven for him, and Dean fell in love with an Angel of the Lord.
He found Claire’s room first. It looked appropriately angsty for Claire. The grumpy cat laid out on her bed, posters up on the walls, a cork board full of cases she wanted to work. Huh. So they were still hunters. On her bedside were photo frames. Her and Kaia. Her with Jody, Donna, Patience and Alex. Her, Jack, Cas and Dean. They stood out in front of this house, with a sold sign between them. Claire’s arms were around Dean and Jack’s around Cas. They looked… like an actual family.
“I’d like that.” Dean said, smiling in a small, genuine way he hadn’t seen in a long time. He’d give up his grace to see Dean smile like that every day. Over and over again.
Why did you even get involved? It’s not your responsibility. I thought you didn’t even like these people...
The moment is hardly what Dean would call chaste, especially when Cas lets out a soft sound and Dean suddenly thinks a car and a public place aren’t that bad for the first time.
He knows, on some level, he’s being ridiculous, but he can’t force himself to calm down, the emotions feel overwhelming, and seeing Dean hasn’t helped. Being so close to Dean hasn’t helped. His skin feels like it burns where he’d pressed it against Dean, where he’d shoved Dean up against the barn wall in his anger. He’s said it before, but he never gave them enough credit for how much it really did suck to be human.
Maybe he’s biased about all this. Maybe he’ll never really understand why Cas made the decisions he made. Dean knows there’ve been mistakes on both sides. He knows he’s hurt Cas before, that Cas has hurt him before too. He knows they’ve got a lot of water under their bridge. He knows they were fighting just before this, that they’ve only just gotten back to where they were before.
Dean actually didn’t know if he could sort out his worst days. He had no idea whether there was a list to be made. Between his own hundred odd deaths, the multiple deaths of his brother, father, mother, Bobby, Cas and everyone else Dean loved, he was sure that was already a list longer than most people could accumulate in ten lifetimes. That was without all the apocalypses and every day he or Sam had spent in hell.
“Yeah, well… figure if I’m living this way now, may as well look the part.” It’s still a lot to get used to, even having done it before.
It all goes relatively to plan. He sees Jack take the power from Lucifer. He knows -- understands -- that this is what has to happen, but it still doesn’t feel right. He knows about Michael too, that he’ll have to die as well.
Dean spent his entire life trying to be a good soldier, and if this is the end, he’ll be damned if he’s going to spend it holding back because of John fucking Winchester.
“I’m…” Dean repeated lamely, caught completely off guard by the kiss and the way it made him slightly dizzy. “I’m…”
“What do you mean, more than it is?” He blinked back at Cas, and Cas wondered how they were ever going to solve this when neither seemed to be following what the other was saying. “What is it?”
“It’s a humanitarian project in and of itself. It didn’t used to be, back when my father was King, it was just a pretty thing we kept. But uh, as soon as he was gone, I started making inquiries about how I could do something useful with it. It’s a community vegetable garden. Before all the threats, we used to have kids from different schools all the time to help tend it.”
Dean was sitting up in bed, a little cup of pudding on the table in front of him, plastic spoon in hand. Sam was sitting beside him now, Castiel having gone off to get himself and Sam coffee. Dean had been consistently waking and staying up for weeks now, and he was slowly trying to come to terms with it all. Or, at the very least, getting through each day.
“Not in person, no.” Cas said slowly, “I’m familiar with him though. Through others and through you.” He had seen him going back in time for instance.
He tried to imagine what Dean would want, and he found himself building a beach, the place that Dean said he had always wanted to holiday with. He tried to build in a place where his family could be close. He gave the Harvelles back their Roadhouse, gave John and Mary back the family home they had never gotten to raise their kids in (though truthfully, Castiel didn’t have many positive thoughts about John Winchester). He gave Kevin and his Mom a place, Kelly, even Ketsch. All the people that he hoped the Winchesters would get to see again one day.
Dean hates to think he’s done anything like that to Jack, so if this is his last chance, he’ll try to impart him with love. With affirmation. “I’m proud of you.” He tells him, and he means it. He couldn’t be prouder of Jack.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas was there in a blink, sort of wishing he wasn’t, but knowing it was an inevitability. That they’d have to talk eventually.
He’s formulating. Dean knows he’s never been the smartest Winchester brother. Hell, he’s never even been one of the smartest members of Team Free Will. But he’s not stupid either, and people forgetting that has helped him more times than he can count. Actually, people assuming Dean is stupid goes well for him, it usually gives him an edge. It’s less frequent these days, after Sam and Dean have become sort of famous amongst hunters and monsters (a sentence Dean never wanted to think, let alone say).
There was a time, when Cas was human, that Dean thought maybe. But then Cas had gone on another date, and Dean gave up.
man. You know how I told you I hate royals? They’re what I was thinking of. Maybe with the exception of Samandriel, he seems okay. Everyone else was so… weird. It was like they were testing me, but I had no idea what I was being tested on. And then your mother basically outright accused me of…” He trailed off, shaking his head.
“Since I was created, I believed in divine purpose. I believed in something greater, something deeper. I believed that I was built to fulfil the word of God. I learned, from you, that free will was far more important. I don’t want a purpose. I don’t want immortality. I want to grow old with the man I love. I want to… to make it up as we go along.”
He figures Sam still has a chance at that. He’s tried to create a place for Sam here too, a place where he can be happy, the home he’s always deserved, but he also figures Sam still has a shot at getting that back on Earth. He has Eileen, he’s still young, smarter than anyone else Dean’s ever known. He can still have the life he’s always wanted, if he takes it. Dean feels confident that Cas will help push him towards that happiness. He hopes Sam will return the same favour to Cas too. He hates to think of the former angel moving on, hates the way it burns his chest, the way it twists his stomach, but he’s trying hard not to be selfish, even in his own thoughts.
“But I don’t want you to go,” Cas whined and Not-Dean chuckled, kissing him lingeringly, a hand on Cas’s cheek.
It was over a decade of waiting, and yet it was so worth it. Seeing the sleepy smile on Dean’s face as he leaned up to kiss Cas first thing in the morning.
“Are you sure?” It was Dean who asked it now, because despite his amusement, he apparently had the same problems. “I’m… it’s not going to be easy to be with me, not now…” He said softly, “There’s going to be an adjustment period and… and we’ll need to find a place or… or fix the bunker and… I can’t hunt anymore, I mean, I’ll have to find a real job or something somehow…”
“Cassie is a dinosaur.” Jack said seriously, as though he’d put a lot of thought and time into the whole thing, his big eyes fixed on Dean, telling Dean he should be paying complete attention to this. “Jo is a kitty. Benny is a shark. You’re a tiger.” His inability to correctly pronounce ‘r’ sounds sometimes made him hard to understand, but Dean just grinned at the boy. It was so cute, hard to dismiss in any way, though he had no idea how Jack had come to assign any of those animals to any of them.
If anyone can save the world, it’s his family. They don’t need him for that now, they have each other. Dean gets the hero’s death he’s always wanted, gets to finally be honest with himself, gets to finally let Cas know how loved he is.
Dean stands there, breathing heavily. He looks different, is dressed differently from how Cas last saw him, which undoubtedly means he’s seen Jack, who has cleaned him up. Still, he looks like himself, as if no time has passed at all.
“Why would it matter if it's coming from me or not? I mean like thanks for telling me I'm a great guy and all but like I'm a shitty dude, man. All I got for me is a pretty face, then everything else is just shit, probably why all the one night stands.” Said Dean with a frown.
Castiel spoke with the toothbrush between his teeth. “It’s more than 50 dollars, you uncultured swine.” He splashed some water on his face and hair, trying to look at least somewhat decent. “Okay man, let's go.”
“Go ahead and be a gentleman then.” He handed him the paper bag with the rest of the booze, arching an eyebrow. “But if you drop it, you pay it.”
“Fuck you, man. I am going to go to your place and look through YOUR shit and step on your couch. See how you like that. And thanks, I like to keep things in order.”
“Hey, I was drunk alright? GIve me some credit. I didn't put them up here when i was sober. Plus you didn't either.”
“You do that and I'll have MY boot up your ass.” Replied Cas back from the living room. He smiled as he inserted the disk in. “By the way, we are playing Modern Warfare, I ain’t playing that shitty Black Ops you like so much. There are some pretzels and stuff on the cabinet over the sink.”
If they could’ve gotten Cas away from the djinn’s poison in any other way, they would’ve, but no amount of talking to him or trying to get through seemed to have woken him up to it, and Dean was beginning to think whatever was in there really did have him trapped.
“What are you looking for?” Cas asked, nose scrunching up, head tipping. He couldn’t figure out what Dean was trying to say, all he’d expressed so far was shock, which Cas took as a polite form of discomfort.
He’s spent his entire life hiding from everything. Hiding from his feelings and from who he was because of his father and because of Chuck and because of every other awful thing in his life. He’s spent so long denying his unmoving, unchanging love for Castiel that he can feel the weight lift off him. He feels like Atlas, finally freed, and his heart feels like it might explode, but it’s done.
Dean’s only more stumped now. He raises his brows, no idea how to process that information, “What d'ya mean?”
The way he had died too. Cas had been able to see it. The rebar. The way he had spent his last moments trying to comfort someone else. It was so very Dean Winchester that it stung. Of course, even his last moments, his last moment of freedom, couldn’t really be about him. How could they be? Aside from the prison Chuck and his father and Michael had put on him, Dean was also in one of his own design. He would never, ever let himself be happy unless Sam was. He would never let himself be mad or upset about his own horrible, pointless, violent death, because he would be focusing on Sam. Trying to save Sam, trying to make Sam happy.
He supposed, as far as his life went, he had already had several reprieves. Several times of being brought back, of being given second chances.
Dean walked away for a moment under the guise of getting water, but honestly just feeling incredibly overwhelmed.
There were other factors, the brainwashing, thousands of years worth of believing he wasn’t capable of such feelings, but ultimately, it always came back to the same point.
He tried to lift his head enough to look around, but nothing happened, like he had no control at all. He could hear voices, but they seemed faint and far away, like he was underwater.
Cas could feel his life ripping apart at the seams. Every fibre of him was screaming that this Dean was a monster, that it was lying to him, that his husband and kids were real. He looked up at the picture on the wall, it was so real. He could remember everything about it.
“Jack…?” He asks, confused, worried. “Why are you here? How did the empty get you? Chuck didn’t get you, did he?” His voice is rising, getting gradually more panicked.
Dean just sits for a moment, thinking this through. Chuck had said as much, that he didn’t know why this Sam and Dean and Cas didn’t fall to his plans when every other did. Dean had said the same to Cas too-- that he changed Dean. Jack is right, he thinks. He certainly can’t find any reasons to disprove Jack. “Son of a bitch,” He mutters. “Gay love really can pierce through the veil.”
But the thing was, for as long as Castiel had been waiting for some clarity on what his true happiness was, some part of him always knew.
It took a few more moments for Dean to figure a way in. It was probably incredibly stupid, but so was what he was doing, so…
“No,” She laughed, shaking her head, “No, I meant more like… you wouldn’t be the first guard to accidentally…”
“Yes, well, you could’ve said something before you were going to die too, Dean. And you did say I was like your brother once.”
In aeons of being alive, Cas had never had anyone look at him the way Dean did in that fantasy world.
“You said you wanted to talk?” Really, it should probably be Cas to talk, but he couldn’t bring himself to. He focused on staying stoic, on not giving anything away, looking at Dean.
“No.” Jack always sounded so calm, Dean notes quietly, like he wasn’t bothered by any of it. “He’s alive, but human. He’ll waste away and die like every other human. Totally powerless.”
“You know, there was somethin’ else about that world I kinda wanted.” Dean admitted, taking another step closer to Cas, as if finding a way to be comfortable in close proximity with Cas after having discussed. Cas waited for him to elaborate, brows raised. “The… family Christmas. You think we could do that? Invite Jody and the girls? A Christmas Tree? Charlie, Bobby, all of ‘em?”
“Don’t.” Cas cut him off. “Stop it. All your life, you’ve always worried how everything you do affects everyone else. You’re not allowed to feel guilty for this too. I forbid it.”
“I never considered it, man.” Dean looked up at his brother, and he tried to communicate with his eyes that he wasn’t ready to have a conversation about this. He wasn’t ready to consider how heartbroken the whole thing had him feeling. He wasn’t ready to consider what it had been like to kiss Cas, or how weirdly and irrationally jealous he’d felt of the version of himself Cas had created. He wasn’t ready to deal with any of it.
By the time they get to the barn, both hunters are tired, already. They’ve gotten out of the habit now, after months of mourning and pulling themselves together. Dean would probably laugh about it, say they were getting sloppy, but he isn’t here.
“I still can’t believe it.” Dean heard Cas saying. Cas was casually pulling his sweatpants down, and Dean averted his eyes to body snatch Dean, who was doing the same. Well, at least that one was his body. Weird still, but Dean would make do.
“What do you want me to say, Sam?” Cas looks up at him, and he feels like his eyes are hanging out of his head. Despite his lack of a need for sleep, he feels exhausted. Physically pulled to the limit, emotionally raked over the coals.
Cas leaned down to kiss him again and Dean melted willingly into it. “How many times do people have to point out to you that I would do anything for you before you believe it?”
He was too old to be seeking approval, but he supposed that damage never really went away. That was what John had left them with. A fuckton of damage.
He watched Dean, whose brows were furrowed in confusion and frustration and he wondered, really, how anyone had expected him to collect this man from hell, to put him back together at the seams, to see the best and worst of him, and not to fall in love with him?
“I know… I know you’re different from us. I know angels… feel differently and I… I’m okay with that. I’m okay with that because all that really matters is that you’re going to survive this. That you’re going to look after Sammy and Jack and you’re going to save the world. Because you are not broken and you never have been. You are… so much more than they’d have you believe and I need you to know. I need you to know, before… before it comes for me, that…”
But when Sam caught his eyes, he got to his feet, and Dean heard the deep, familiar voice call out for a nurse or a doctor, for anyone.
“Okay, well…” Dean began slowly, “He was… he was a soldier, right? And he raised us to be too. Soldiers who put the job before… our lives or our feelings.” He elaborated, and Cas just watched, still having no idea what Dean was getting at here.
Cas doesn’t want to be an angel anymore. He doesn’t want to live a thousand more lifetimes without Dean. He can’t just go visit him, not now, and he can’t believe he’s missed so many years that they could’ve been together. That he could’ve had Dean and that he could’ve been Dean’s. All the times he’s watched Dean and Sam, just being human, being together, being a family. All the times he’s seen Dean fall asleep mid movie or yawn during breakfast. He could have been there. Cas could have been by his side.
He could stay here, he thought, tiredly. He could stay here and pretend this world was real and die by the side of a Dean who loved him. A Dean who woke him by calling him sweetheart and making him coffee. A Dean who teased their kids and sang happily along to classic rock while cooking dinner for their family every night. A Dean who kissed him goodnight before falling to sleep every evening, and who rarely ever woke screaming anymore.
He feels something reignite in his bones and he gets to his feet, suddenly feeling alive again. His feelings are still flying all over the place, out of his control, far outside his comprehension of his own new human feelings. Of his grief and relief and fear.
Cas shot him a smile, “Is it still a no-no if your brother told me he would steal my car keys if I didn’t ask you tonight?”
“Our bed?” Dean asks, brows raising. He tries to keep his expression straight, tries not to let on that he’s holding in a smile, but not much about Dean is straight, so he winds up with a crooked grin on his face anyway.
“Then what’s going on right now?” Sam asked, though it was more of a demand, as was their way. They dealt in aggression often, especially when it was crunch time. It was almost always crunch time.
Dean sighs, “I was trying to do the right thing.” He grumbles, running a hand over his face. “So you know?”
“Chuck. We stopped him. It’s done.” Dean blinks a few times, confused. He waits for Jack to elaborate.
“Well, I’m still going to need to mock you about just moving into my room, but…” He takes a step forward, curling his arms around Cas, dog included, and kissing his forehead. It’s weird, still, to be able to do this, but Dean finds he likes it. The casual affection he’s never had before. “It’s also kinda…” He looks shy, and he can’t feel it. He’s not good at moments like this. “Cute.”
Cas collapses into himself, sobs until he thinks he can’t take it anymore. Until he thinks his whole vessel -- his whole body -- might fall apart.
“Look, man, my Dad was the same way.” He said slowly, as they walked. “When he found out I wasn’t… strictly into women, he, uh… things changed.” He admitted, “Got kicked out of home for a little bit and… honestly, that was the nicest part of it.” He frowned, “It took me years to… unpack that. But then Sammy went to college, and I got a proper job that I was actually
“Yeah, I know.” He half smiled, “None of that’s new though, and I’m very used to it. You ever wonder why none of them are ever around here? Sam’s off at school, but everyone else… well, we don’t get along so well. And since I’m King…” He shrugged.
Dean took a few steps forward. He didn’t know why he was so scared of doing this. He had a few minutes, probably. Rowena was still getting the spell together, but Dean had been dreading it since they’d first discussed it on the phone.
Dean blanked for a moment, blinking at the other man. “Wait, was that… was that a serious proposal?” He asked, having thought it was a throwaway comment.
Dean stared into his eyes, trying to classify the feelings he could see in the other man, trying to make sense of them.
“‘S’that mean you’re not going to give me shit about Kaia?” Not-Claire asked, and Dean heard his own chuckle in reply. Son of a bitch, it was like invasion of the body snatchers or something.
Instead, Dean feels Cas’ hands on either side of his face, and then Cas is kissing him. Dean is putty in his hands, just trying to get closer, just trying to hold desperately onto this moment. He lets his hand fall, running over Cas’ chest as it settles at his hip, moving closer. The moment feels like fire in his veins, Cas’ hands on his face and neck send shivers out from that spot. Dean can’t remember why he wasn’t doing this for the whole twelve years.
Once again, I'm just here to talk about how INCREDIBLE this art is. This is the art that I originally chose, and I am still absolutely floored by how incredible it is!
Cas with Meg. An Angel and a Demon, finding some weird middle ground to live in together, no more apocalypses or hell, but instead a kind of freedom.
“Yeah.” He nodded slowly, avoiding Dean’s eyes. “They wouldn’t let me in here unless I was… immediate family. I didn’t want to say I was your brother, so I... “ He paused, “I apologise if…”
“The truth.” Sam says. When Cas looks up at him, really looks at him, he realises Sam looks exhausted too. He has deep, dark circles under his eyes that Cas has never seen so bad on him before, even in years of suffering. His eyes are set on Cas with intensity, but there’s something to them. Like he’s holding back in some way.
Sam, smart as he was, had hit the point right at the core. John had never been much of a father to them, they both knew that, it had been Dean’s job to protect, Dean’s job to raise, Dean’s job to sacrifice. Still, John’s presence, while often fleeting, was heavy. It weighed over them both like a dark cloud, struck fear into them both. They had grown up calling their father ‘sir’ and being too afraid to talk back to him. At least, Dean had been too afraid. Right up till it had been Sammy on the line, then Dean had learned how to talk back.
They probably should leave, get Sammy and go, talk more at the bunker, but neither pulls away just yet. At some point, one of Cas’ hands falls, tailing along his arm as it goes, before eventually taking his hand and intertwining their fingers.
If being an angel dampened his feelings, dampened the longing he felt, it is doing nothing of the sort now. Because Castiel can feel the wave of emotions drowning him, and he can’t quite make them out.
He had enough time to see red and blue lights flickering and people running in behind him before all the life in his body seemed to sap away, and everything went dark.
But he watched his family dance, watched Eileen and Sam stare lovingly into each others’ eyes, whispering things, Eileen’s belly only barely showing the bump of the child that would join their family. He watched Claire and Kaia, how surprisingly tender Claire was with Kaia. How surprising it was to see her not embarrassed, but plainly having fun. He watched Donna, Jody, Alex and Patience in a little circle, hands held, bobbing up and down, singing along to some Abba song Dean actually enjoyed.
Dean had said peace looked like their family, sitting on the beach, finally relaxing, nothing to hunt, just freedom. Sam wasn’t here yet, and Jack had things he had to do in Heaven, but Castiel figured this was as good a place to wait as any for the day they would all be together again.
Dean’s brows furrowed, and Cas just watched him, waiting for a reaction. He figured it might be a bad reaction, and he braced for any potential anger from Dean. For Dean to be uncomfortable or out of his depth, as he so often was when it came to deeper feelings.
When they got to the spot in the garden where Cas wanted to set up with Jack, Dean stood on one side of him, and Benny and Jo were on the other, the lot of them carefully examining the surroundings to make sure that Cas and Jack would be safe. It was inside the grounds of the palace, but they had no reason to be any more relaxed about it, especially considering the creepy connotations that some of them had taken. Dean still hadn’t forgotten about the implication that there was some secret he hadn’t been let in on, but he hadn’t broached it again since, considering Cas had been so… exaggerated about the whole thing. So irritated with Dean.
“Sam, please. Really.” He paused, taking a deep breath, “All of this, it’s hard enough without feelin’ like… you’re giving up on something great because of me.”
“Why did you decide I can’t give you that?” Dean repeated, a grumpy, stubborn expression on his face.
“Cas, man, it’s not your fault.” Sam says quickly, and his brows are knitting together in the middle. “I just… didn’t realise it was that serious.”
“Fuck yeah.” Dean answered with a nod. “But we, uh, won’t mention it till after their honeymoon. It’s a no-no to propose at someone else’s wedding.”
Cas cleared his throat. “You’ve gone through significant trauma and I know you feel that you owe me. I don’t want you to say anything you don’t mean simply because of the circumstances.” He paused, “I also… wasn’t sure how you meant it.”
“Be nice.” Cas chastised Not-Dean, and Not-Dean winked at him. Okay, a little weird, but not unheard of. They had winked at each other plenty before, especially when they were sassing each other about nothing.
“Hey, can I ask you a question?” Dean asked, breaking the comfortable silence they had been walking in.
The nurse was unfamiliar to him, but she talked in a calming voice, and since Dean couldn’t ask any questions, he didn’t. He wanted to rip the things out of him and get going, as was his way. He hated to be fussed over. But no amount of desire to move was going to make him, his body was completely empty. Numb. He was sure it was whatever drugs they had him pumped full of, that he had been incapacatated for a reason. After all, he had been so sure he was never going to get out of there. He had been so sure that the barn was his final resting place on Earth.
From his new vantage point, Dean could see a little more. He could see a Christmas tree behind them, decorated lushly with dozens of presents beneath it. He could see a dog bed, complete with a sleeping dog on it. See two wide couches, worn with use, but comfortable looking.
There was no going back on what had happened. Dean knew now, and there was no explaining it away. There was no ulterior understanding of what had happened there-- Cas’s djinn poisoned life had involved being married to Dean.
He feels like he can’t breathe, like air won’t go in. He feels like everything he just heard is wrong and fake, because the words aren’t sinking in, and the feelings aren’t forming.
When the barn doors swung open, Dean was flashed back to a different time. He remembered Castiel, walking through that barn like a man on a mission. How terrified he had been at the time. Because of the shattering windows and burned out eyes. Because of the fact he was raised at all. He and Bobby were shooting, but nothing was happening. The man just moved closer, and Dean was terrified. Absolutely fucking terrified.
It didn’t matter, Cas was at his side immediately anyway and Dean could faintly feel a hand in his, could faintly feel the pressure of someone at his side. He could hear Cas talking, but he wasn’t making sense of things, properly. He had never heard Cas sound like this. So worried, so unstable.
There was no guarantee they’d ever be truly safe. That people or monsters would ever stop coming after them.
He thought of Cas. The self hating angel of Thursday with a crack in his chassis. The man who turned his back on everything he ever knew, who defied cosmic definitions and instructions. Who accepted himself and his capacity for love even though it hurt him. Even though he struggled. His Cas. His angel. Castiel had once told Dean he was heartless. Castiel was far from heartless. He had so much love and compassion to give to the world. To his family. He was Dean’s purest belief in humanity. Nobody would ever be perfect, free of darkness or corruption or weakness. Nobody, not even an angel. But Cas’ beauty wasn’t in his perfection. It was in his constant efforts to keep getting better.
Castiel sighed deeply before he spoke again. “No.” He licked his lips. “Jack pulled me out of the Empty. He told me I could return to Heaven, help to rebuild it, be a real Angel again.” He took another sharp breath, as though he didn’t want to say it, before explaining. “When I saw what happened, the… the rebar, I asked Jack to heal you. To let me heal you. He said no. He said we weren’t interfering anymore, that we couldn’t interfere anymore. I couldn’t let it go. He told me… That if I wanted, he could return me to Earth. Allow me to try to save you through… human means. But that if I did that… I would be human. That there could be no more… cosmic imbalance. That the saving could only be through human means.”
“But Cas, if I take your grace…” His brows furrow, “I know you said… that we had to be okay with everyone we love dying, but you’re meant to stay with me. You’re an angel, you’re not… you’re not meant to be a blip in my life.”
“It’s just--” He started again, “I thought you were going to be back in Heaven. With the angels or something. With Meg, maybe.”
‘We, uh, we needa talk, man. I don’t know where you got off to. If you’re busy or somethin’, that’s fine, but uh… if you’re avoiding me… I think we should talk.’
If he’s honest, Dean has never really understood the appeal of ‘true happiness’. When the Empty told him that it would come for him when he was truly happy, Dean thought it was a joke. He’d almost laughed at the time, made some crack about the joke being on the Empty, because Dean Winchester never had been or would be happy. Only now was Dean beginning to understand. His life never would be perfect. He never could expect perfection. That isn’t happiness for Dean though, it never was. What makes Dean happy isn’t the thought of having something he personally needs, it’s the thought of his family and friends being happy. Of them being free.
“Remember, if he dies by anything other than his own hand, he’ll die here too. And so will you. Don’t let him get sucked further into whatever is in there. Be as blunt as you need be.” She told him. “Good luck.”
Dean felt some weird smugness that he’d worked pies into Cas’s fantasy, but he still couldn’t explain it.
Castiel just stared at him for a moment, trying to make sense of the statement. “Yes, if that was what you wanted then--”
Dean crept further in, making a mental note to unpack all of this later. Sure enough, when he got closer to the bed, he saw both sides crumpled and lived in. On one side, a framed picture of Dean, Cas, Jack and Claire. Beside it, a book about the lifecycle of honey bees.
“Yeah, I do.” He walks closer and rests a hand on Dean’s shoulders, “Just in case you were wondering, from the bottom of my heart, I do not care. You’ll always be my jerk big brother.”
He had no idea whether he’d made things weird, ruined the relationship irreparably. He had no idea whether Dean still thought of him as a problem, or whether they were even anything anymore.
Because as badly as Castiel did want to be loved, he had never heard those words in his life. Not towards him.
Dean waits, patiently, trying to tell himself that if Cas doesn’t feel the same way, he can deal with that. That surely he’s dealt with worse heartbreak. Of course, romantic rejection isn’t something Dean’s had a lot of, but this isn’t some girl at a bar. This is Cas. This is his best friend. This is the person who gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.
He felt Dean’s hands rest on his cheeks, and he took that as a good sign, pulling Dean closer. He might never get another chance, but he wanted Dean to understand, even without words, how loved he was. How adored. How special Cas thought he was, even despite seeing the worst, the darkest, the most broken parts of him.
“You’re not like your Dad, Dean, what’s going on?” Cas still looks confused, and it takes everything Dean has not to just grab him now. He’s better with actions than words, and god, he’d give anything to know what it was like to really be held by Cas just one time, but that isn’t what this is about. This isn’t about him, this is about Cas.
“What?” Cas asked, brows furrowed. His confusion reminded Dean of how he had been in the beginning, and that only made Dean laugh more. The realisation of how far they’d truly come. Of how much had truly changed in the end.
It was difficult, and painful, and he was still coming to terms with his new reality. But he could handle that. Freedom was worth that. Home was worth that. Maybe then Cas and Sam could learn to regain their lives outside of worrying about him all the time. Maybe he could learn to be self sufficient again. He could return to Miracle and to his room and to his favourite nightgown and he figured, in a weird way, this was peace.
If he could only go back and tell a twenty-six year old Dean that now… He was sure the younger version of him would hit him. But then, Dean has always struggled with his anger. With his resentment. His life, as long as he can remember, has been about other people. Dean has never regretted a second of that-- every choice he’s ever made has been worth it if it ends with his family free and happy. But Dean could never have known where he’d be now. He never would’ve guessed he’d fall for an angel. That he’d raise a nephilim son.
Sam bonds with it too, but not in the same way Cas does. Cas has never had affection in his life. Certainly not as an angel, but only very minimally as a part of this family. The odd hug. Dean’s hand on his shoulder. Sam patting him on the back.
It wasn’t like anything Cas had ever had, obviously, because it was so human. But Dean hadn’t had anything like this either. Not since he was four at least. A big, full Christmas Tree. A family dinner. A dog. An… infant. That one threw Dean for a loop somewhat. Did Cas want kids?
“I know, it’s not like that or whatever. But if it is, that’s okay…” She smiled, “You wouldn’t be the first.”
He can recall being told a thousand times about how much he hurts Cas, even without meaning to. How the very touch of him corrupts. How he’s poison.
Cas suspects Sam isn’t seeing Eileen because of his grief, and while he understands, Cas finds himself getting quickly fed up with it.
“What? No. You didn't make me uncomfortable! Not that I am saying that what happened made me comfortable. I mean. It did. But not like that. Ya feel me? Fuckinshit. Let's just forget about this whole deal, okay?!”Castiel said, walking around the room nervously.
Castiel rubbed his neck. “I was probably too drunk to walk to my room or somethin and I crashed in the couch? Like, I don't remember shit." I do. Crap.
Dean followed in after Cas. “Hmm, don't remember the last time I was here. Cleaner than I thought it would be.” He said, glancing around. “So where do you want this shit?” He wiped his shoes down on the mat and lifted the bags. “So what? Am I supposed to take off my shoes?”
Dean blushed as he meet Cas's stare. “I don't....I haven't brushed my teeth...I probably taste like alcohol...and shit. Dammit Cas, don't leave me for my rambling! If you're gonna do it, do it. I already told you I wasn't disgusted.”
“Still shorter than me.” He smiled before bumping shoulders with Cas. “I like these names you're calling me. It’s good for my self esteem, gorgeous.” Dedan clicked his tongue and winked over the rim of the cup before tipping it back.
Cas arched an eyebrow. “What? ...Nah man, you can keep them on. Just don't be a douchebag. Refrain from putting them up the couch or something.” He shrugged and pointed at the bags in Dean’s arms. “You can shove that in the freezer, I'll get the console started up so I can beat your ass legally.”
It took Castiel a moment to realize what was going on. “Oh shit.” He jerked backwards, almost falling off from the couch. Dean catched Cas’s arm to steady him, but removed his hand quickly.
“Shorty? I am almost your height, you assbutt.” He softly punched him in the arm. Cas laughed and drank more of his cup, his cheeks warming up from the alcohol. “You gonna lose, pretty boy.”
Dean rolled his eyes and pushed Cas’s face away. “Oh shut up.” He laughed lightly before reaching over to the table and taking the water and pills, drinking the rest of the cup. “Unless you can give me a toothbrush and paste, I taste like this.”
“Yeah I guess it’s pretty rad or whatever.” He said looking around, a can still in his hand. “I ain’t hammered yet.” He stood up. “Wait up, bro, I got us some good stuff... If you can handle it, of course. “ He walked to the kitchen and came back with the cheap whiskey he had got at the store. He shook the bottle as he came back into the room. “Look at this yo, some of the finest whiskey they got...among the cheapest. More like the cheapest there is. But still, this shit can get you drunk like whoa.”
They played for a while, and soon enough Dean was done with his can, a little less than a half still resting in Cas’s.
“Yeah we should hang out more often. You're a lot better than half the people I normally hang out with. Plus you're a lot less douche-y.” Dean laughed lightly. “You're a really nice dude Cas. Like seriously you could have ditched me...but you didn't and you even bought beer and shit.”
Cas sat next to him on the couch. “Nah man, seriously it’s okay. If I get cold I'll just snatch it from you and leave your ass to freeze.” He laughed slightly. “And I know, we will... so don't go expecting eggs and toast in the morning, cause I am probably not waking till noon.”
“Exactly. You'll find someone Cas. I know you will.” He grinned. “You're a fine piece of ass, which sounds really gay but it's true. So I'm sure someone will bite the bait soon. Then you can go around flaunting how happy you are and then maybe thank me for giving you such great advice. Then you know...lends me your game stuff.”
“Of course I'm funny, I make you laugh at my jokes all the time.” Dean grinned. “Oh, I'm appalled, you saying I'm not pretty enough for you. I see how it is.” He pretended to flip his hair and snorted.  “Dude, gimmie that drink. Everything is hilarious when you're drunk. It's great.” He poured a bit more and drank it slowly.
”Fuck that, man, I'll actually take you somewhere. Fuck your mcdonalds. That stuff gets gross after a while. Get your ass up, brush your teeth and let’s go. Killing sunlight with you sitting there.”
“For some dude who whooped my ass you don't make fun as me as much as I thought you would.” Dean looked at Cas, examining his face. “Dude...you're too nice for your own good...wonder who's gonna be the babe who snatches you up.” He laughed slightly.
“Dude, you just have the life man...just this place by yourself. I gotta share a dorm and it's shitty. Whatever...You feeling a buzz yet?”
Cas looked at Dean's lips, biting his own a little and smiled slightly before going back to his eyes. “Well isn't that convenient for you, now? Also, angel? I am no angel.”
“I seriously don't know how you got that word....but it suits you.” Said Dean returning the small smile. “Guess I owe you for not ditching me and shit. What did you say earlier? Comfort me? Yeah this was probably helluva lot better than that loud party...plus nothing awkward.”
“I told you last night I wasn't going to cook any damn breakfast, who do you think I am? Your girlfriend? oh that's right...” He was sitting on the couch by Dean’s feet and hit them. You didn't take your shoes last night, you assbutt, and they are all up in my furniture.”
Cas turned the cup in his hand. “You know what, man... let's...let's just pretend I didn't say that and shit, okay? Let's not ruin the night.”
Dean laughed lightly as he watched Cas go. “Dude, you know, you're kinda awkwardly cute and shit. Like blushing and stuff. I don't do that but apparently you can, just like that. Well, don't mean that in a weird way of course but just saying.”
“Go through my shit and it's not my fault on what you find.” He ruffled his hair before he came back after a few moments. “So what? Gonna kick me out now since I'm done taking advantage of your hospitality?”
“Ya know, like what's your type? Blondes? Red heads? Feisty? Nerdy? I dunno man, like what are you into?” He drank the rest of the whiskey in his cup, his cheeks were flushed red now, and he looked at Cas curiously.
“You're on some weird shit man, I told you I wasn't acting up, just taking break is all. Why do I seem different to you? Ya know? Sides the fact that I haven't been parting as hard as I used to?”
“Thanks Dick.” Dean rolled his eyes a bit before he picked up his drink and finished it. “I think....I think you're lying about not playing it for hours.”
“Nah dude, it's cool if you don't have any to share. I'll just ya know...use my jacket or something. I don't need much to sleep. I was a hardcore partier remember? Can crash anywhere.” Dean laughed a bit. “But ya know, if you want to grab that shit now and then continue drinking and shit I'll crash on the ground and you can take the sofa.”
Dean looked at him briefly and shrugged. “Yeah there's something going on but I'm just not in the mood for all that. It's supposed to be big and stuff but whatever.”
Cas served them both the whiskey in red SOLO cups. “Hell yeah.” He raised the cup solemnly, like he was giving a toast. “We are gathered here today to get wasted until your brain cells die and you are forced to forget all that chick stuff that's making you act all funny and shit.”
Cas laughed and casually leaned closer to him, sipping more of his drink. “Convenient that you started drinking earlier. And yes... I don't think I would qualify as an angel, not anymore at least.” He smiled.
Cas turned to him with a confused look in his face. This wasn’t the reaction he was expecting. “What's wrong with you, dawg? I heard there will be booze, you don't want to get wasted or what? You gay or somethin?” he said, examining Dean’s expression.
“Changing up the game ain't gonna change the fact that I'm gonna kick your ass, Cas.” He rummaged through Cas’s cabinets and grabbed a bag of chips and pretzels. “No seriously dude, once I sit down I'm not going to get up for you, do you want something to drink?”
“Duck lips? Talkin smack about my blue steel look?” He pursed his lips, sucking his cheeks and squinting, and then he broke out laughing. “Yeah you could be winning, but aye, I started drinking way before you so I could always just say I held more than you there angel.”
“Oh, so now you care about sharing spit?” Castiel said, taking a gulp of water and swallowing his pill. He paused a moment and then, OH FUCK. WHAT DID I JUST SAY, crossed his mind.
“Dude... to be honest, I am nor disgusted at all either. Like, I know you are not gay, and I am not either... but... shit, man. I am more than okay with what happened. I am really more than okay, dude. And I want to keep being friends with you, yo. But the truth is I... I enjoyed it, and I don't really want to pretend it didn't happen; but I will if you want to. And I am not making sense anymore.”
Cas’s cheeks lit up more. “It does matter Dean. And ‘dafuck you are talking about? Don't say that, man, you ain’t shitty. You just haven't found the one for you, you know?”
“HA, aren't you the funny one. At this level of drunkenness I wouldn't have to close my eyes to make it work for me, tho.” He laughed and sipped his drink. “But don't get your hopes high, huh.” He laughed.
“We...Kissed?” He looked at Cas, surprised. “So...that's why we were laying like we were? Why did you....why did you say you didn't remember then?”
me. Like, months ago you would have never rejected some drinks. You would be all up in that bitch tryin to find some chick to score or something.”
“Hit it and quit it, bro.” Castiel winked and laughed a little. “Woah, what a great accomplishment, dude. You badass.”
“Thanks man.” He smiled a little at Cas before drinking some of the whiskey. “Dude...this taste like shit.”
Dean looked down at Cas's lips too, licking the side of his before raising his eyes back up again. “Wait what's convenient? I don't remember what I said before that.” He laughed slightly. “No angel? Why, too much of a bad kid? Bad kid club?”
Dean grunted before he looked over at Cas, laughing. “Yeah that sounds a helluva lot better than some party. But dude, I'm not tearing up about some chick. I don't do that type of shit.”
Cas nodded, “You know what, man? Fuck it. I am not leaving my bro hanging all by himself tearing up over some chick.” He said with renewed energy. “Let's go to my place, crack some brews and kick some ass over call of duty. How about that?” He said, slapping Dean’s back.
“I am sure you are, assbutt.” Cas smiled at him before handing him a controller. “Now let me show you how the pros game.”
“....Nah...I think that sounds bout right.” He glanced at Cas. “I ain't a sore loser. Just...newbie at these games. Don't have a console to practice on. Lemme practice on yours.”
“Who you think I am if you want me to pay like 50 bucks for a bite of food. You're out of your mind. Hurry up dude, can't deal with your slowness.” Dean said, leaning by the doorway.
“I know dude, she was. But I guess it's just whatever man.” Dean looked at Cas again. “You know it was better to have tried it with me than with some creep at the party, you would have got your ass handed. Posted you all over the internet or some shit. But seriously...what's with you trying to get me to this party? Scared you gonna be bored and need someone to talk to?” He teased.
“Oh fuck you, you dick.” Dean laughed. “Nah, playing COD would be great. Kills some sons of bitches, get a little tipsy and call it a night.”
Castiel nodded. “Yeah, it does....” They both laughed. “It does get you drunk, so who cares.” he said before taking a pause. “So, Dean...”
Castiel blushed and looked away “What? I… I don't know, man. Maybe it was cold or something and we didn't notice?” He paused before looking into Dean’s eyes, hoping to find some kind of recognition on them. “So, like… you don't remember anything, dude?”
“Can i have one too? Over the panic that I did something stupid, I'm getting a headache.” He looked up at Cas. “I can make it up, swear. For last night and for stepping on your couch,” he said, standing up. “I can offer to make you food. I dunno. What would you even need?”
Castiel looked at the floor. “Yeah, we kissed... a lot. And I lied because you didn't seem to know what had happened and I didn't want to freak you out or anything bro. You were drunk, so was I, and... well, it doesn't matter now.”
“Thanks man.” Dean smiled a little. “I'm not depressed. Maybe a bit bummed that she probably hates me now but…” he shrugged. “What can you do? It's whatever... So you're going to that party? Don't do stupid shit is all.”
Dean pinched his eyebrows. “Worry you? For what? Did I do something to trip you up? Have I been acting funny?”
Dean licked his lips a little, looking up at Cas and returning his smile. “If you're the one chasing after them, I'm sure they will dude.” he said before sighing softly. “I'm beat. You should like get me a pillow or something since you're making me crash out here.”
“Let me clarify.” Dean cleared his throat, his voice sounding scratchy, maybe from emotion. He was loath to ever admit it. But he’d spent his entire life feeling as though to show emotion was to show weakness. That came from John, and Dean knew that it wasn’t right. That it wasn’t good. He knew the inability to express emotion that had been drilled into their family had only been a part of the dark, twisted obligation they all felt. They were meant to save people. They were never meant to be a burden.
They were the opposite. They were two people who were never meant to fall in love. Two people God himself desperately tried to keep apart. Two people who came together anyway. They weren’t soulmates or foretold, they had chosen this. They had worked for this. They had picked each other.
“Sometimes.” Dean answered quietly, smoothing down Jack’s hair as it flew wildly in the wind, which had been steadily picking up while they spoke. “I’ve had bad jobs before. Protecting corrupt politicians and asshole musicians.” He clapped a hand over his mouth, but Cas only waved him off, not too upset Dean had said that in front of Jack. So Dean went on talking, “Those ones weren’t as much fun. But some of them have been good. I’ve grown to really like and respect some of the people I’ve worked for. And sometimes they have cute siblings.” He teased without thinking, smiling down at Jack, who was playing with his truck distractedly.
Dean raised Sammy. Dean raised himself. Dean gave up everything for everyone again and again. If his last act of true happiness is being in love with an angel, finally owning both his sexuality and his heart, then so be it. Actually, he thinks it’s weirdly poetic.
“Like me.” The kid beamed up at him, and Dean had the sudden realisation that he’d almost turned this job down because of preconceptions he had no basis for. He had made so many assumptions about the kind of people they were, and yet, none of them had been right. If he’d turned it down, he never would’ve gotten to know this kid. And, with a glance up at Cas, he realised he was really glad he’d met them. Both of them.
“Nah dude, I don't do that type of shit. Just that...when I was with Lisa I kinda got...shitfaced and I scored with some random chick and it made her really mad and I felt really bad. You know? I kind of liked her and stuff but I fucked up so I'm lying off it for a bit.” Dean spoke not really looking anywhere, his face straight.
Cas looked down at Dean's lips and then back at him. “Yeah man, I am sure I'll find the one soon enough.” He smiled. “Let's just hope
“Hey what can I say, you are a... a cool dude.... and well, since you are so bad at this game it would be unfair for me to mock you. You feel me?” Cas laughed nervously “Yah, I wonder that too.”
“Her loss, dude. She is not gonna find a guy like you so easily. Like, no homo, man.” Cas said raising one hand. “Also, who do you think I am? That would not happen to me, son. But yeah, thanks or whatever for that.” He looked back at the street. “I can talk to whoever I want... that's not an issue, you know. It's just that, well, you should clear your mind and all that, relax a bit. You worry me, dude.”
“Cas...do you like me? Like, like me like me?” Dean said, looking over at Cas. “I mean...I'm not gonna think any less of you man. I just. i'm curious. I...” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked away.
“Not in that way? Cas we haven't really shared food before. Let alone drinks. You should know that...don't leave your drinks unattended.” He stared a bit at Cas with a quizzical look. “Since we've been awake, you've been...you've been saying a lot more about last night than I can. Did I do something? I'm really sorry if i did something stupid or made you feel uncomfortable.”
The floodgates are well and truly open, because that makes Jack the fourth person he’s ever said those words too, and he can’t even bring himself to struggle with it. Jack is family. John never told Sammy and Dean he loved them. Never that he was proud of them. John had raised them into soldiers, into fighters. He’d raised them to fear their own feelings.
Dean pressed his lips together, knowing if he spoke, his own voice would shake with emotion. “Jasper isn’t real. Neither is that Dean or that dog or that Claire or that Jack.”
The choice to give himself up for Jack was easy. Jack was an innocent. He had life still to live. Dean was old now for a hunter, and he was only ever going to die bloody. There is no other ending for someone in this life, particularly not a Winchester. At this point, Dean considers both Jack and Cas Winchesters.
For as angry as he had been, for as betrayed as he had felt, for as rocky as their relationships had been, Castiel wanted to see humanity happy. He wanted to see the Winchesters happy. He wanted to see Dean happy. Dean would live another forty years, maybe more. He would be happy. He could get married and have children. He could have a dog and a picket fence and a real life. A garage to keep his dog in. He could find a way to have more. To be better. He could find a way to be whole. Castiel hoped that maybe, just maybe, he had helped Dean to understand that he deserved that future.
“It's okay man, I totally get you if you aren't up in your game right now. That shit happens. I… I think is good you know. Like, if you are not depressed or some shit, you can take some time off...” said Cas, rubbing the back of his neck a little.
Castiel looked at his hands as he spun the cup. “Yeah, I would never ditch you, Dean. Can't understand why anyone would ever would.” He paused briefly. “Also, thanks for all you said yo, I try not to be an assbutt.” He smiled a little.
“Keep fuckin dreaming, Winchester.” Cas grinned. He spotted the liquor store, now just across the street and raised his fist. “Right on.”
“It’s just the booze that has me all stupid right now, sorry bro. I… do you want some blankets or some shit like that? Because the sofa is pretty comfortable just like that… I don’t really have many blankets or pillows just lying around. I kinda just have mine.” He shrugged. “Also, that idea doesn’t sound that crazy, at this pace I don’t think I’ll be able to even walk to my room.” Smiled Cas.
“Of course you are pretty enough, don't be silly.” Cas poured more on his own cup and shook the bottle slightly. “We are running low on booze, duck lips, and by how hilarious everything is for you now, I think I am winning this bet.” He smiled and drank more.
But he hears the familiar whoosh, and when his eyes open, Jack is leaning over him, one hand raised in his familiar pose, “Hello!”
“No. No.” Cas told him quickly, shaking his head, “Not at all. I just don’t want to delude myself into believing this is more than it actually is.”
“See, when I was a kid, I couldn’t imagine Sammy ever getting married. Not because he’s not loveable, he totally is, but because… our family was a disaster. No one here is shocked by that,” He caught nods from around the room, “I didn’t know that love existed. I didn’t know it was really, properly real. Not like this anyway. But uh, corny as it sounds, I knew things were different with Eileen. She just… got him. Got him in a way other people never did. She was also smart. Smarter than him probably.”
“You’re smart though,” Cas argued, shaking his head, “And obviously determined, raising a kid when you were just a kid yourself. I mean, surely you could’ve done absolutely anything you’d put your mind to.” The King seemed so invested. Arguing seriously that Dean was smart. Dean wasn’t too sure that was entirely true.
Cas tried to smile back, but it looked strained. It looked as though he was exhausted to the point of tears, but Dean didn’t know how to even ask about that.
“Bye, Cas.” He watches the blackness come for him, watches as it surrounds him, and before he knows it, he’s gone.
Dean gets to his feet, waits for Jack to follow his lead and throws his arms around the younger boy. Jack’s all powerful now, he’s the big kahuna, and yet Dean remembers his first days on Earth. Remembers how excited he was to learn to drive and just to spend a day fishing with Dean.
It wasn’t Dean’s to tell, not really, but he needed to talk to someone about what’d happened and, really, Sam was all he had.
Cas nodded slowly, trying to figure out what Dean was trying to get across. He’d been totally unprepared for the revelation that Cas was in love with him. Did he even realise that? The implications of it? He must. Cas felt laid bare, but he tried to keep his defences up. He stood a little straighter, kept his expression a little more passive and restrained.
“I think the reason… the reason I didn’t fall into what Chuck wanted me to be, the reason I didn’t… fall apart and become some evil killing machine is… because of you. Our… profound bond. We weren’t meant to have it. But… ever since you left that handprint on me, I’ve been… I’ve felt different. Like you… marked me right then and there. Like I’ve always been… yours. I think… I think it changed me, Cas. I think you made me better.”
Castiel nodded slowly, and he nearly jumped when Dean’s hand slid into his, pulling him off towards the sand and towards the water.
Sam takes a few more steps and throws his hands around his brother. Dean accepts the hug, hugging him back. He has a smile on his face and Cas just stares, still trying to find anything. A solid feeling, a solid word, a solid thought. He finds nothing, he just stares.
Maybe he was scared of what he’d find. Cas had given up so much because of Dean. He’d lost so much. Dean hadn’t always been kind to him, and yet he had always had Dean’s back when things got bad. He had lost his home, his family, everything. Because of Dean.
He doubts Cas would’ve heard it from anyone else either, none of the angels strike him as the particularly loving kind. Dean thinks, if it’s the last thing he can do, he’s going to make sure that Cas hears it, at least once.
Dean had spent his entire life fighting for his freedom and for the freedom of his family and then, all at once, he had lost it. Dean had deserved so much more, had deserved so much better, and it broke Castiel’s heart.
“You want to go back.” Jack looks like he’s not even remotely surprised, but besides that, Dean really can’t read his expression. He knows he’ll probably say no, but he has to ask. He has to try. Besides, never giving up is sort of his thing. What he’s known for. Dean just nods.
He pauses, taking another deep breath, trying to gather everything he wants to say into something coherent, something that will make sense to Cas, who seems to be taken aback and not really following what Dean is trying to say.
“Whatever you want.” Sam is saying, his eyes big, his jaw clenched. He looks like he’s loathing every second of this, Cas is too. But what else can he do? “We’ll do whatever you want. Just… please. Make it right. Bring them back.”
“I’ve spent the last ten years listening to people… say awful things to you. Tell you you’re broken. That you never fit in. That you’re… corrupted or… or there’s somethin’ wrong with you. There’s nothin’ wrong with you, Cas. You’re… you’re… you’re kind and loyal and Sammy and I are only alive because of you. A thousand times over. The world… is so much better for having you in it.”
He sees the gold bright light, sees the way it changes Jack. He sees Chuck fall. He knows it’s over. He knows it’s done.
This kiss was a little slower and softer, and Cas tried to put everything into it. He tried to put that love and adoration into it, in case he never got another chance. He tried to pretend that maybe this was the beginning of something. Of them. Rather than a brief moment of Dean’s confusion or something. He tried to pretend that maybe Dean loved him back. That maybe this was something.
He could see Sam texting and he wanted to ask, but then Sam was by his side again, the nurse was gone, and he was trying to catch Sam’s frantic and urgent words in his ear.
Suddenly it hit Dean what was off about this Not-Dean. He was happy. He was all smiles and laughter and even his casual clothing. He was all… domesticated. He was Dean, but happy and content.
“I… Cas, I hate doin’ this to you, man. I really didn’t wanna come in here. You’ve given up so much for me already. I—I thought your perfect world would be back in Heaven or— or with your family again. I had no idea it would be…” He gestured vaguely around, “But man, we need you. Jack needs you. You’re… you’re family, man. You’re Team Free Will. We need you.” He repeated, desperately. “I need you.”
Dean felt his heart melt in his chest, as he had no idea how to answer. He didn’t know what to say, how to say thank you for that, so he merely smiled brightly. “And why are you a flutterfly?” He asked, watching as Cas rolled his eyes.
“I…” Dean rubbed a hand over his face, like he couldn’t find the words. Like he was frustrated about not being able to find the words. “I’m saying… I never really got the chance to explore that side of myself.” He said, and looked at Cas pointedly.
“I just, uh… feel bad.” Dean admitted, getting to his feet. “Dude gave up everything for us. He thinks he’s got the perfect life in there and I’m gonna go in and drag him back to this bullshit.”
Dean wanted the breathing tubes off him, he wanted to be able to talk, wanted to be able to ask questions. Ask what happened to him, ask how he was saved. How they even got away from that barn that night. Whether the children they had been trying to protect were safe.
Every time he does it, Dean convinces himself this time will be different. He’s over it now, and he’s not a kid anymore, he knows that sometimes things don’t work out and it’s his responsibility to move on. But then he sees Cas again and it all goes to shit.
Cas and Dean had changed each other. Cas had broken Chuck’s script by falling in love with him. Cas had convinced Dean he was more than a killer, more than a monster. Cas and Dean had changed each other irreparably by loving each other.
He just wanted Dean to know that despite all the anger, despite all the pain and blood and violence and suffering and every horrible thing he knew Dean thought about himself, he was loved. He wasn’t just the ‘Righteous Man’ or his father’s soldier or some character created to fulfil Chuck. He was a fully realised human being, and one who had made a heartless Angel of the Lord fall in love. For the very first and only time.
“Babe, it’s me.” His husband said slowly, resting his hand against Cas’s face. “I know this must be confusing for you. But remember our wedding? How Sammy tried to pie me in the face at one point? Remember how I proposed? God, that was lame. It’s all real, Cas. I’m real. We’re real. We are. Please don’t listen to him.”
“Easy for you to say, have you ever seen them go full Dad mode on a date? Of course not, because you don’t date. They’re the worst. All embarrassing and lovey dovey. Eugh.” Claire feigned gagging and Cas just snorted.
“We get it, you’re a very stupid married couple that took twelve years to realise you were married. Can we leave now?” Sam’s grumble sounds far off, and neither can see him in the dark, which means he probably can’t see them either, but he’s definitely heard their bickering.
Truthfully, Cas had been expecting a worse reaction from Sam. But Sam had seemed… not fine. He wasn’t fine by any stretch. But he seemed… unsurprised. Exhausted and empty. He still does, Cas realises, and he knows why. Because the world is ending, and Chuck isn’t any closer to being gone, and Dean is gone.
Yay, we're at the end!! I hope you guys enjoy everything that happened in this story and that it did justice to Reafre's incredible artwork, which I cannot praise enough!
When they were in purgatory, Dean had finally gotten control of his feelings enough to say something. Enough to apologise.
All the way home, Dean had been imagining a more… physical reunion, what they would do when they were alone in a room, all feelings out in the open, but honestly, he is more than happy with this. Both Miracle and Cas are out before Dean, so he has a minute just to watch the two. Cas’ eyes shut, his mouth open slightly as he sleeps. He looks sort of innocent, Dean thinks, as if he hasn’t been alive since almost the beginning of time, as if he hasn’t carried so much pain and trauma. He seems happy, asleep in Dean’s arms with Miracle between their legs, and Dean can hear Miracle’s even breathing too. He hadn’t really signed on for a fur child, but the dog clearly makes Cas happy, and honestly, Dean sort of loves it.
“Cas, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, but it’s true. We— We never left the bunker. We go on hunts together. It was you and me who went on this one. We— We split up to go looking for the lair and when I couldn’t get onto you, I went looking. You were strung up by that thing, dying… You gotta believe me, man…”
