Steve growled in the back of his throat and let go of the torn fabric of Tony’s pants to grab his slender hips. Sighing happily, Tony returned the favor of feeling him up and slipped his hands beneath Steve’s shirt, shoving it out of the way so he had free access to his pecs.
“Tony.” Steve interrupted his rambling. Tony's mouth snapped shut and his big eyes became even bigger. It made a goofy grin stretch Steve's lips. “We would be happy to stay the night if you'd have us. It would make me happy. And yeah… Maybe it's time to finally tell you everything.”
“I’m okay, thank you. Just a bit roughed up,” he reassured her and tried to smile, but it came out as a grimace.
The engineer’s eyes were glued to the baby carrier by his feet and their little son Peter, who was happily chewing on his toy. The four month old toddler noticed his daddy looking at him, waved his Nuby teething ring at him and smiled brightly. The first tiny baby tooth peeked out of his pink gums. Tony wiggled his fingers at the boy and Peter giggled in delight.
Later he would have been happy to tell the story of how they managed to escape this hellhole of burning workshop furniture and dead bodies. But the moment Steve felt a shadow of the dark side reach them, was the moment the attacking troops returned.
“Dum-E, get me the fusing pen, would you? And U, I need the bigger macrofuser, this one's not powerful enough. JARVIS, skip that song, I don't like Shag Kava, get me something that has little bit more power!” The music that had been playing in the background changed to something that Steve didn't recognize and wouldn't exactly define as music. Through the welding mask the voice of the mechanic sounded contorted. Noticing Steve and Clint standing by the doorway, he turned around to look at them through his mask. Motioning with his hands to the droids once more, he pushed the mess of wires back into the ship, pulled his gloves off and walked over to them.
“You know, this suit really accentuates your ass.” Tony purred quietly, his lips close to Steve’s ear as they waited for more instructions from Peter, who was still talking with the photographer. His hand found its way to Steve’s butt and squeezed.
A loud throat clearing behind him popped the little bubble that they had been in and Steve whirled around to look at Clint who was still standing next to them. His shit eating grin was enough that Steve reluctantly took his hand from Tony's face and unsure what he should do with it now that he had it back, he rubbed it uneasily over his neck. “Uh, Tony this is Clint.” He nodded at the Zabrak. “He's our pilot and one hell of a marksman.”
What they hadn’t known then, was that Peter had already planned to put them in costumes. That’s why Steve was wearing a suit on a sunday, and a short black wig. His upper lip itched with the black fake moustache he’d applied with some special glue that smelled like lemons. And Tony was all dolled up like he was going to Hollywood… or a funeral. The cherry on top of his whole outfit was the long black wig Peter had made him wear. It clashed a bit with his real goatee, but shaving had been off the table in less than two seconds.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pressing his lips together, Tony turned his back towards the group. “W-whatever. I’ll just walk, thank you.”
And Peter? Well, Peter was happily chewing on the straw, perfectly content with the completely ridiculous situation.
Tony's eyebrows rose. He stared at him and the amused betas on their horses around them. “But I can’t ride,” he blurted.
It was embarrassing, but they had to repeat some poses, because Tony’s hand would find its way to Steve’s bottom again and again, and keeping a straight face was definitely not as easy as Steve had imagined at first.
This question had bugged Steve the whole day. As much as he wanted to live his newfound life with Tony, we was still an Avenger. He sighed deeply, knowing that he couldn’t avoid it any longer. There was nothing he wanted more than to stay in the moment, with Tony before him and the heat of Tatooine’s sun on his skin and the quiet rustling of his team around him. Here in Tony’s workshop he could almost pretend that the galaxy didn’t need him anymore.
Lots of feelings and memories coming with the next chapter :3
A few hours later, after a much needed shower and a home-cooked meal, Steve finally got the chance to ask JARVIS what Tony meant by ‘size queen’. The answer he received went straight to his dick. Needless to say that Tony was very enthusiastically lending him a helping hand the following night.
“I-I can’t,” Tony admitted reluctantly, too tired to start a fight. He stared at the ground in front of him and clutched the reins of the horse a little tighter. “I don’t know how to.”
“Should we wake them?” Steve whispered into the darkness, fondness audible in his deep voice. He was relaxed and content, and Tony knew that Steve did not want to send them back to bed just yet.
“Clint? Natasha? I think I know where we can get the ship patched up. I've got a good feeling about this.” He told them, still looking at the display.
Tony smiled and helped her sit back down in the warm water. "Harley? Sure you don't need help?" Tony offered his son to sit before him, but of course the boy declined.
Perhaps this won't be so bad.
"Sure. Whatever you say, Tony." And that was the last thing Tony heard before his eyes fell closed and his head fell back onto the alpha’s shoulder.
His own cock throbbed in the confines of his pants, but Steve wasn’t willing to let go of Tony long enough to free himself yet. Too tempting was the slim body above him, with all of its curves and inches of perfect, smooth skin. The base of his spine tingled in excitement.
The soldier scratched over his chin and carefully he took another strand of his son’s hair between his index and middle finger. He brought the scissors down on it and short brown hairs fell onto the red towel. Steve immediately regretted it. Now it looked even worse than before.
Steve slowly opened his eyes again and looked at the man in his arms. The dusty air of Tony’s quarters smelled of motor oil, metal and Tony himself. The two suns of the planet let his body glow softly in the dim light of the morning. The air around the pair had been cold last night, but in the heat of their touches, they had lost their clothes. Steve could see the faint scars on Tony’s back and the ridges of his muscles and tendons. He was breathtakingly beautiful with all his edges and curves.
.oOo.
Steve started nuzzling Tony’s hairline and hugged him a bit closer to his chest. The omega could feel their love thrumming over their bond and it made him truly happy. He turned his head around a bit until he could press his cheek, nose and forehead to Steve’s chin. “I love you.” He told him quietly, purring. “I got no words for how happy you make me.”
Five years had passed since the blaster shot had hit him when he dodged the attack of Commander Brock. Steve stilled his hands where he was checking over his lightsaber, to rub over the spot. He tunic was dirty and smelled of smoke and blood, he definitely needed to wash it. Hopefully they would soon find a small space port where they could take a break and breath without getting shot at. Also, the Quinjet needed immediate repairs, the last battle hat been heavy. They lost their main rear deflector shield, the guns on the right side were destroyed and another jump to hyperspace would probably fry the complete system and they'd end up floating dead in space without any power at all. Steve had no idea how they were supposed to pay for a new hyperspace engine.
“This is gonna take ages. Mount your damn horse, Tony. You’re too slow,” James said after a while. He glared at Tony from atop his gray horse, obviously annoyed because he wasn’t fast enough for James’ liking.
Feedback is greatly appreciated
"We were worried about you, Peter. Have you been at Ned's?" Steve asked carefully and retracted his hand.
Tony started walking stubbornly with Labella curiously sniffing his hand, while the sheriff mounted his horse silently behind him. Tony didn’t know what the man was thinking. But he didn't want to care. The only important thing right now was finding a train station and getting out of this forest. Then he could start living his life the way he wanted to; no more stupid alphas, no more stupid rules, no more stupid confusing feelings.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he was finished with changing, Steve put the cleaning tools away and went to the cockpit where Clint, their pilot, and Natasha discussed about how they were supposed to pay for all the broken parts of the Quinjet. Clint complained that the Dejarik board was very important too and Natasha argued that a set of Sabacc cards would be cheaper. The spice smugglers all through the galaxy were known for their love for gambling and Clint would just end up cheating again or loosing his last credits to Natasha. Also, everyone knew that the Twi'lek would win the discussion and the Zabrak would accept his defeat, if he didn't want her to paint his horns pink again when he was sleeping. Their good-natured banter made him smile.
"Of course, donut." The omega smiled and watched his son wash his hair. Meanwhile Morgan had started to build mountains out of the lilac foam of their bubble bath.
“Wooooow…” Someone marveled from a few feet away.
Tony stared at the alpha from where he was hiding behind the horses with furrowed brows.
On top of that Steve wasn’t blind. The moment he’d laid eyes on Tony for the very first time he’d known that he was in deep shit. Tony was very attractive, it was no use to deny that. And maybe Steve really did have a type. The Captain adored the engineer's dark hair and eyes and - good God - his ass. The things Steve wanted to do to that ass kept him awake at night.
“You got some lipstick here.” He brushed over Steve’s bottom lip with the pad of his thumb. “It looks good on you.”
The parents turned to look at their children and Tony grinned up at his mate. “There you have it. Come on, darling. Throw your wet clothes in the hamper and join us. I can see you shivering from over here. The water will warm you up.”
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Jedha
Absentmindedly, Tony looked out of the window of the train and saw villages, houses and forests blend together. He really was in the middle of nowhere, he thought. But the early afternoon sun was still beautiful, bathing everything in a golden glow.
“Hooray!” Peter bounced on his stool and nearly fell over. Steve hurriedly grabbed him, just in time before he could get hurt. Peter giggled, not at all worried.
Steve’s own balls had tightened at the picture, but he held his orgasm at bay, too fascinated by the work of art that Tony posed on top of him. The white streaks of cum on his hand were warm and the smell reached Steve’s nose, almost numbing him.
And Tony willingly offering that to him made his heart skip a beat. Steve would have been happy if this ended with them jerking off together, but the prospect of entering Tony was almost too much for him to handle.
And now they were in the middle of a photoshoot with their son, as the famous Addams Family: Gomez, Morticia and Wednesday.
The attacking stormtroopers were retreating back to the door and Steve ran forward to give his team more time to get to safety. The engines of the Quinjet whined behind him and he heard Thor call his name but… Steve turned around to search for Tony and found him at his workbench. He held two glowing devices in his hands. The brunet’s eyes were haunted and filled with fear. He had no weapons.
"Shut up. At least I have a proper haircut, you one-armed monkey."
“Do not worry, dear Captain. I will not be defeated by this small wound. When my time comes, I shall leave this life in a glorious battle, alongside my brothers-in-arms.” The Asgardian grinned at him cheerfully.
“Yeah. Just one more minute. This-This is… You have no idea how long I dreamed of this. Of holding you in my arms. Being so open with my feelings, so… so me. I want to be able to blink without being afraid that the moment I open my eyes again you’re gone again.” Steve whispered and focused on a spot on Tony’s shoulder. “I lost you once. I don’t want to lose you again, Tony.”
"Hey. You're home." Tony smiled at their son. The teenager looked up from his shoes and Tony was once again stunned at how much Peter resembled him. Where Harley had Steve’s fair hair and blue eyes, Peter and Morgan looked a lot like Tony when he had been their age.
“Thor, are you okay? This looks bad.” Steve asked with a crease between his brows. The dried blood and open flesh looked quite painful.
Steve made his way over to where Bruce sat, the only doctor on the team. The Mirialan was currently patching up Thor's shoulder who had a flesh wound from a stray blaster shot from the last fight on his shoulder. The green-skinned man with glasses and dark hair looked up at him when he came over. Thor's long hair was pulled up into a messy bun, allowing Bruce to work properly.
“You know you’re walking in the wrong direction, do you?” Bruce suddenly called after him.
"Daddy! Your beard is itchy!" She laughed and her tiny hands tried to push Tony away, but of course that only goaded him into rubbing his face a bit more against hers.
.oOo.
It was his scent.
Her tone was friendly if also carefully neutral. Tony wasn’t sure if he wanted to trust her. She radiated much more danger than the man who’d just tried to talk to Tony, even though she was a petite woman.
“Hey.” Tony looked over his shoulder at his alpha. Steve bent down and pressed a kiss to his nose. It made him smile.
And Tony returned the gesture with a careful smile.
“Ouch! Be careful with the zipper, Steve!”
He opened his eyes, not knowing when he’d closed them. The old woman with her grandson was cautiously watching him. Her jewelry was gone and she looked just as shaken as Tony felt. She was an old beta lady, and her scent was blessedly neutral.
"How could I not," escaped Steve and he blinked, just now realizing that Tony must be uncomfortable with his erection still inside of him. "Oh, fuck. Sorry, Tony, you must be sore, I'm sorry. Wait, I'll pull out. Just don't move now, doll."
Steve watched him stand up and his eyes were glued to Tony’s form. Seeing the man he had thought he had lost long ago so alive before him, was everything for him. Naked, bathed in the golden light of Tatooine’s suns he seemed to be even more real than last night, when all the light Steve had had was the kyper crystal in Tony’s chest.
“Steve… I-” Tony swallowed hard. The raging war in the galaxy was nothing compared to the war in his soul. “You have no idea how much I want to say yes. No idea, Steve… But this. This is my new life. I have a workshop, a house, my droids, my work, my… I can’t leave. I wanted to start anew here, far away from Coruscant and far away from the war.”
"Oh, no, your brother can't save you! You're mine and I will never let you go! I am the evil dragon and I love eating unicorn princesses!" Tony laughed along with his children and tried to get a hold of Harley on the other side of the giant bathtub.
To Be Continued
Once again big thanks to coffee_and_notebooks for the beta, you're a gift! <3
Steve frowned down at the little boy in front of him.
“We should stand up so I can fix your ship. It’s still a wreck.” Tony teased. “JARVIS, DUM-E and U probably started without me, but there are some things that astromechs can’t do.”
“Okay.” Tony patted the trunk of the Quinjet. “I think that’s it. Your hyperspace engine is back online, the deflector shield is working again and I updated your maps of the outer rim. Yours were a bit dated and some of the smuggling routes are now controlled by the empire. I don’t want you to walk right into their traps.”
“Thank you.” He nodded at them.
“And your suit was also done in no time. He must have gotten that talent for design from you.” Tony’s hands found Steve’s waist. “I am a dead loss when it comes to working with anything that’s not made from metal. I’m an engineer, not a tailor. I can’t even sew a button back on.”
“Did- did you just tear my pants apart?” Tony shot back, equally red and flustered. His voice was rough and took Steve’s mind out of the gutter. The blonde’s gaze drifted upwards but got stuck at his kiss-swollen lips. Distracted by the sight, he opened his mouth to maybe apologize to Tony -even though he didn’t feel sorry at all-, when those tantalizing lips curved into a delighted grin. “No shit, that was so hot, babe.”
They stayed that way for another couple of moments, trying to catch their breaths and simply enjoying the afterglow. Meanwhile, Tony's hands fluttered along his flanks, tenderly and almost tickling. Steve's muscles twitched under the soft ministrations. He kept their lower bodies pressed together, not ready to pull out just yet, and caressed Tony's backside. He was way too comfortable with Tony's weight on top of him, and he could feel his dick throb inside of Tony pleasantly with every heartbeat. The pad of his index finger found the spot where they were connected and Steve felt how wide Tony's hole was stretched to accommodate his still hard dick. Involuntarily, he jerked and thrusted shallowly into Tony.
“Okay.” Steve repeated stupidly.
“I was in daddy’s belly, right? Aunt Tasha said so.” Morgan couldn’t see the scar through the thick foam of their bubble bath, but she still stared intently at where she suspected her hand was.
Their children looked at them with big shiny eyes and Tony had to blink a few times to get rid of the treacherous tears that pricked his eyes at Steve’s heartfelt words. Before he could collect himself enough to say something, Steve continued. His voice was low and sweet, like he was sharing a secret with them.
“What was that, Pete?” Tony asked, curiously. A kid in a dinosaur costume was still holding onto Peter’s leg, and the embarrassed parent’s of the boy apologized profusely before they fetched their son to continue down the aisle to the kid’s corner.
As a side note, Tony had read somewhere that the natural color of one’s nipples was also the person’s most natural shade of lipstick. Well, Steve’s usually pale pink nipples had become a bright red over time. Not that red didn’t suit his husband! And having someone bite down on your nipple was, after all, very sexy. (Yes, Tony knew that from experience as well.) But after weeks it perhaps became just a tiny bit painful. Maybe.
Steve felt how his cheeks grew hot. His eyes found Tony’s V neck again and only God knew how desperately he wanted to undress Tony right here, right now. This man knew how to get to him. He stepped forward and put his hand on Tony’s hip, drawing him in until their bodies were flush with each other. His hand wandered down until it followed the swell of Tony’s butt. “I’d love to. Just wait until we’re home.”
The group of bickering men had gone silent. All of them listened to Tony’s story.
Their children didn’t say anything. They just sat with their parents in the warm water. The family relaxed in the safety of their home, knowing that they were surrounded by people who loved them. The storm outside had still not ceased but was now merely a white background noise. Tony could see the thoughts spinning in Morgan’s and Harley’s heads. He was happy that the two of them cared so much for their brother. Secretly Tony hoped that their oldest son would soon come home. He longed to pull him into his arms, and tell him just how loved he was.
Steve was anything but suited for that kind of job.
The soldier could feel the weight and the heat of Tony’s naked body on his own unfortunately still clothed belly, when the engineer sat up on top of Steve, with his hands splayed over Steve’s chest to hold himself upright. Tony towered over him now, his smaller frame curving upwards elegantly. He was leaner than Steve, shorter and slimmer than him, but still muscular from years of hard work, training and fighting. Steve wanted to kiss and touch every inch, caress that small frame and make Tony see stars.
The Quinjet is their spaceship, in my head it looks a bit like a mixture from the original Quinjet design (but way larger) and the Millennium Falcon.
Natasha called their behaviour Unresolved Sexual Tension, Clint called it hilarious, and Bruce firmly refused to address the topic. Thor had clasped his shoulder and asked if they were having a serious crisis in their relationship because of male health problems. Clint had almost choked on his coffee.
It fitted Tony perfectly. It was tradition for an omega to wear their mother’s wedding dress to their own ceremony, but since Tony was a man, his parents had had a tailor change it slightly. Now it consisted of a button down with wide balloon sleeves, a short crimson waistcoat that could almost be misinterpreted as a corset, and dark pants. Around his neck he wore his mother’s necklace, a filigree silver pendant with a blue crystal in the middle.
Sometime around the scene where Leia, Luke, Han and Chewbacca ended up in the trash compactor on the Death Star, Tony felt himself get overpowered by fatigue. His hand laid on Steve’s thigh and his head on the alpha’s shoulder. Surrounded by the scent of his family he fell asleep, content.
“O-oh… Hello there. Well, what do we have here,” Tony chuckled deeply, blushing slightly. The air between them became charged. "But you're right, this time, Steve... Bring it on." And with that he leaned in.
He grimaced, wishing Tony was here to help him and save what could still be saved.
Little Peter watched his parents fascinated. The moment was over when the door to the waiting room opened and a young woman in a blue shirt and white pants stepped into the room. She held a clipboard to her chest and looked all business. She reminded Tony of Peter’s aunts Pepper and Natasha. It was a bit unnerving to be honest.
“You okay there?”
To be continued!
“No problem, Tony,” Rogers told him.
Two hours later Tony slowly stood up from where he had been crouching next to his daughter’s bed. The little troublemaker had been clingy after their heartfelt talk in the bathtub and an improvised dinner that consisted of Steve's trademark spaghetti carbonara. Getting her to let go of him and go to sleep had taken some time. He tucked her Iron Man Tsum Tsum plushie in next to her and she immediately turned around to hug it in her sleep.
He couldn’t. Tony had pushed all of his buttons, and Steve was not able to stop. And the most exciting thing was that he knew that he didn't need to try and stop. Tony took him like there was no tomorrow, and encouraged him to go even deeper. This was what both of them wanted.
Thank you for staying and reading!
“Th-thank you,” Tony mumbled after a while because he felt the need to at least thank the man. Being carried by the sheriff’s horse beat walking by miles.
Tony pulled a giant shirt, pants and a cloth that resembled a scarf from the duffel bag and stood up. Then he paused. "Um, and where exactly am I supposed to change?"
“Do you know where Peter is? I haven’t seen him since breakfast.” Tony asked the blonde. He had his suspicions why their oldest son was acting weird lately, but no evidence to prove his theory except for his omega instincts.
Yeah. It was okay.
“Two can play this game, Gomez.” Tony breathed and batted his eyelashes at him. “
The group became silent and Natasha punched Clint. He yelped and rubbed over his aching shoulder. “Ouch, you evil witch! That hurt!”
Harley and Morgan scooted closer to them. Their daughter sat on Tony’s lap, while Harley snuggled up to his pops’ side. Morgan’s fingers found Tony’s belly and Steve gently took hold of her finger so she could carefully touch the scar.
A little bit embarrassed, the two looked at each other. Then the one-armed man nudged his companion with his elbow. The blonde guy glared at him but obediently came over and sat down on a log next to Tony. He kept a polite distance between them and Tony was thankful for small mercies.
,” Tony purred.
"I'm glad. I’d feel bad if I had to leave you behind," the alpha said after he'd caught his breath again and pulled a duffel bag forward that Tony hadn't noticed before. "Sam, Bruce and I scraped some clothes together that we thought could maybe fit you. It's not much, but definitely better suited for a road trip than what you're wearing at the moment."
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Tatooine
Tony took a deep breath and grabbed the duffle bag that had been hidden beneath his bench. He pressed it to his chest, incredibly glad that the bandits hadn’t seen it. At least he still had this. Trembling, he opened the duffle bag and peered inside. The white lace of his wedding gown was a soothing sight.
“You know, usually wooden horse-drawn constructions where normal people sit?” Tony gesticulated around, trying to get his point across. Was the sheriff playing dumb?
Slowly he threw the covers back and sat up, rubbing his eyes. Someone was rummaging around the kitchen. Tony heard the door of the fridge open and close and a soft whimpering. Peter must have woken up again.
“Ewww! Dad! Pops! Really?! I’m still here?”
“Papa will be back in a minute, peanut. Just don’t move, okay?” Steve placed the scissors in the sink and hurried over to the kitchen. A minute later he came back with the only thing that could still save them both.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Spice_mines_of_Kessel
"Good, because I fully intend to say it as often as possible…"
Tony swore to himself that would never ever fall in love again.
And then Steve saw blood painting Tony’s shirt and waist where he had held onto him mere hours ago. Amber eyes rolled in their sockets and the former jedi saw his beloved fall forward. His blood was staining the sand of Tatooine and the twin suns shone upon them, uncaring and indifferent to Steve’s whole world being crushed once again.
"Two weeks." Rogers confirmed. He shrugged and pointed in the other direction. "It's either two weeks to Shield or three days back to where you've come from. We’ll have to follow the river until we reach the valleys. Then we’ll follow the Buchler mountain range, cross the river and after that we’re home."
“Clint, you're overreacting, Potts was probably just fetching spare parts from somewhere. And the astromechs were really trustworthy looking.” Steve tried to reassure his friend. Though he could understand that he was nervous. Clint had a dangerous past as a former smuggler for the Black Sun and the city was filled with shadowy people.
Natasha looked at him as if she was trying to decide whether she wanted to share that information with him or not. Now that Tony paid attention to it, he saw the colts on her hips. Tony could’ve admitted that she was a very beautiful lady with her red curls and the long skirt she was wearing, if she didn’t scare him like that. Of all the foreigners around him, this woman was the scariest.
Peter had gone to MJ and the two happily looked over the pictures they had taken. Hearing his son laugh so much was making Steve incredibly happy.
"Bon Appétit" was all the warning he got before Tony unceremoniously bent down. Steve had perhaps two seconds to admire Tony's flexibility before he felt the engineer's hands on his hip and shaft and a warm tongue on the tip of his dick. With gentle kitten licks, Tony caressed it, and Steve saw the droplets of his pre-come vanish in Tony's pink mouth.
A blaster shot very nearly missed him when he turned back towards where he’d last seen Tony, but the mechanic was gone. Cold fear settled in his gut for a heart wrenching moment before he heard his friend yell at his astromechs. In a flurry of movements the three droids grabbed some things and vanished from Steve’s field of vision but he had more pressing matters at hand than to worry about them.
They found him again, surrounded by dozens of people, all asking for a photo and his autograph. The pair waited a few steps behind him, until their son was alone again.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Kyber_crystal
On the spur of the moment, Steve planted his feet flat on the mat and lifted his hips along with Tony like he weighed nothing. Tony -who was by now completely sitting on top of him- yelped and very nearly fell forward in surprise at the movement. Steve held onto the smaller man with one arm and pushed his own pants over his ass with his other hand. With an obscene, wet sound Steve’s erection sprung free and slapped against Tony’s ass.
His companions were currently busy forcing the other passengers to hand over their valuables in order to keep their lives. From the corner of his eye, Tony saw a young mother try to soothe her crying child, while an old married couple shielded their grandson. The train attendant was knocked out cold.
“Clint, get down!” Steve yelled at their pilot who was firing shot after shot at their attackers. The force user lifted the heavy, scrapped power droid from behind his friend and flung it at their attackers, creating an obstacle and knocking out three troopers. “Get the others and start the ship! We need to escape! Now!”
“I know what a carriage is,” the alpha told him. “But we’re riding. That's much faster.”
“That’s right.” Tony found his voice again and held onto her so she wouldn’t slip off his lap and bang her head on the edge of the tub. “Just like Harley and Peter.”
Steve loved to hear his husband laugh, but this time he really wanted the floor to open up and swallow him whole. His face burned from pure embarrassment. Crossing his arms over his chest, he stared a hole into the carpet of the dining room. Peter was sitting at the small table in the living room next door, busy and happy with his coloring book.
.oOo.
Without waiting for an answer, the former spy and assassin vanished into the hallway, her lekku swaying slightly behind her. Steve always wondered where she'd learned to move so soundless. He'd once made the mistake of stealing her breakfast. She'd sneaked up on him and had him pinned to the ground in mere seconds, two locked and loaded blasters right at his throat. In that moment he'd promised himself to never anger her again. He was pretty sure that she had also had some kind of Jedi training in one of her previous lives, even though she was neither force-sensitive nor did she own a lightsaber or had been part of the Order.
Steve looked just as exhausted as Tony felt, but he was still the most beautiful man on the planet. He was standing shirtless in the kitchen, cradling their four month old baby boy in his arms. Next to him on the kitchen counter stood a few items that Tony could identify as tools for preparing formula. The whole picture would have been the most adorable thing in the world, if Steve hadn’t taped a small
The dull thumping of heavy steps and the clinking of silver spurs announced the sheriff’s approach. Tony slowly sat up. He couldn't remember how he'd gotten down to where he had been sleeping on a foreign jacket as a makeshift pillow. It smelled heavenly.
Tony came back a week later and had to actually leave the room again. Steve colored at his reaction.
“Not true, you evil witch!” The blonde added.
Tony slumped. "How long until we reach your hometown?"
The sheriff looked at him over his shoulder and raised one amused eyebrow. Tony scowled and looked away, feeling his cheeks heat up when he heard the rest of the sheriff’s group laugh at him somewhere behind him.
But before he had the chance to open his mouth, the door to the workshop was opened with a loud crash.
"Tony, Tony… my goodness, look at you, you're incredible, taking all of me like that," he breathed, and his hands found their way to Tony’s slender hips, who took him like he was born for it. He squeezed and caressed the skin there, trying to soothe the smaller man above him, knowing that it must hurt. Tony hadn't said anything yet, he just whimpered and moaned, a tear welling up in the corner of his eye. "Shhh, you're good, you're doing so good, doll. You did it, I can’t believe it."
Back in the present, Tony took his husband’s chin in his hand and turned his head around so he could press a kiss to Steve’s lips. Satisfied, he felt his beloved husband smile into it, knowing that Steve didn’t really hate him for his little stunt.
I am incredibly sorry for leaving this fic for so long, I am sorry, I am trash, I'm hiding under that stone over there, please don't hate me...
"We need lube," he pressed out, breathing heavily. "Or it's gonna hurt."
Gently at first, Steve dug his strong fingers into the tempting flesh of Tony’s small but deliciously round ass, relishing the fact that he could fit each buttcheek in one of his hands. Tony never broke their messy kiss, stubborn and proud as he was, even when he was being messed up by a much larger man. First simultaneously but then randomly, Steve moved his hands and flexed his fingers. He pulled, pushed and kneaded Tony’s asscheeks, spreading them wide before squeezing down again. An endless stream of small but enticing sounds fell from Tony’s lips onto his own, breathless encouragement and approval.
Tony chuckled and rose on his tiptoes to be able to press a peck to his husband’s cheek. “I love you, muffin. Don’t worry about it. Dr Getz will save you and your gorgeous nipples. And on the way home we’ll get some burgers from Mcdonalds, okay? Will that cheer you up?”
In case it wasn't obvious: I'm picturing Tony to be around 20 and Steve a few years older. Something between 25 and 30. owo
“What took you so long?” He asked, but he’s grinning. A black leather backpack was waiting by his feet. “We have a photoshoot in ten minutes! Come one, I’ll take you there!” He grabbed the backpack and the little bottle with a skull on it and led his parents through the bulks of dressed up people. Tony held on to Steve’s elbow, since Peter had talked him into wearing heels. Amused, the soldier noted that he was still a bit taller than his husband.
“No, actually I thought he was with you in the lab.” Steve frowned down at him. “He’s pretty closed off lately. I was thinking about talking to him. If that Flash guy is bullying him again, then I’ll have words with his teachers!”
"Daddy! Daddy, come on!" Morgan whined again and started jumping in the bathtub, like the impatient little girl that she was.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Astromech_droid
“Oh, you like that, big guy?” Tony asked, the grin audible in his voice. Then he proceeded to experimentally tweak Steve’s nipples, watching closely for every reaction.
(Jedi are the good guys on the light side of the force, Sith are the bad guys on the dark side of the force. They are often selfish, greedy, brutal and extreme)
“You won’t lose me, Steve.” Tony raised his hand to his face and his thumb traced Steve’s cheekbone. “I’m not going anywhere.”
.oOo.
His son was breathless from laughing, he watched them for another heartbeat. Then he put his diving goggles back on, yelled "Avengers! Assemble!" and swam forward to save his little sister from the evil bearded dragon.
“Good morning, big troublemaker.” He grinned back and poked his nose with one finger.
Sam groaned from somewhere behind Thor and started rummaging through his pockets.
“I’m a, or rather, I was a mail order bride,” Tony told her quietly. She was the only one who wasn't busy bickering. “It was better than staying at home where- well, I’ll spare you the pathetic details of my life. Let’s just say everything was better than staying in the city. The train I was on was attacked and ironically enough the only thing they didn’t take from me was my wedding gown. I thought I was lucky, when it was just the biggest mess of my life. The guy I was supposed to marry was also the guy who attacked, punched and robbed me of everything I owned.”
"...are you sure, doll?" Steve questioned, slowly catching his breath after Tony had blown his brains out via his dick. But he needed to make sure. The blonde’s thumbs brushed over Tony's cheekbones, where he was still holding his face in his hands. Right this moment there was nothing that he wanted more than being inside of Tony, to feel his heat surround him and marvel at the picture of that cute ass taking in all of him, sure that it would be the best feeling in the world. Yet… "We can always just jerk off together?"
Tony had met many alphas in his short life, too many for his liking, but none, literally none had smelled like Sheriff Rogers. The man smelled like apples, leather and caramel. It was a surprisingly sweet scent, and incredibly distracting. It made Tony's head spin. All the alphas that Tony had ever met before had smelled tangy, woody and sometimes even sharp. Just like Natasha, who’s scent reminded Tony of snow, metal and earth.
Instead of answering straight away, Steve could only moan in response when those fingers continued to caress his cock and he involuntarily bucked up into the touch, rubbing his erection over the crack of Tony's ass. The finger he still had inside of Tony accidentally slipped out. He buried his face in the smaller man's wild brown strands and tightened his grip on Tony’s ass. "Not everything came out of a bottle," he chuckled throatily.
“Well?” he prompted, expecting them to make fun of him.
“It’s- it’s… How do I explain it…” Tony scratched his chin. His hands were already all pruney from the warm water. “It’s a warm and fuzzy feeling. Right here.” He tapped his own chest over the mess of scars in the middle, remnants of his attempted assasination many years ago.
Tony didn't want to leave his son alone now, and was glad when Peter smiled at him. And this time it was a bit more genuine. “Sure, thanks, dad. It's been a while since pops made spaghetti.”
Tony shrugged as if it was nothing. But secretly he tried to hold the emotions at bay that threatened to well up inside of him. He didn't want to make a scene in front of those strangers, yet he could feel the tears in his eyes. His dreams of a happy marriage with a loving alpha had been shattered and his hope for his own happily ever after had been crushed. In the end it seemed that he just wasn't meant to lead a happy life. Maybe it was just better to be alone.
“No. You know what the boss said. Let’s go,” he ordered and pulled the man up. Then he guided his complaining companion down the aisle. Accent guy threw one last lecherous glance at Tony before complying. They were almost out of earshot when Tony imagined hearing the alpha say “You’ll get your chance at a good fuck later.”
“Hey!” The one-armed brunet piped up.
But not just any alpha. Suddenly all of his instincts screamed at him and he started trembling in the arms of the large alpha who was holding him.
“Tony! I’m gonna-” Steve growled and forced Tony’s hips down, making him take Steve as deeply as he could, before he came with a grunt, finally giving in to the pull behind his navel. He shot his load deep inside of Tony, feeling how his cum filled the nonexistent space between them and connected them in a twisted sense of amorous poetry. It was sticky, wet, warm and absolutely magnificent.
“We know that, donut. And Peter knows it, too. But sometimes it’s nice to hear it again.” Tony smiled at them and thought about all the times that Steve had told him that he loved him. He treasured every single time in his heart.
to his naked chest with
“You know, usually I’d insist on you buying me dinner first, but when an opportunity like this presents itself...” Tony told him between kisses, smirking, and circled his hips slightly. It made Steve moan. “I might not get it up again right away, but apparently you’re not just super-sized, but also don’t have any refractory period. This literally fucking screams for another round. What do you say, Steve?”
“Yeah no problem. It's not that deep, it only looks really gruesome. He should be as good as new in about a week or so.” He shrugged and carefully bandaged the wound again.
Harley let herself fall back into the warm water and straight into his sister's arms with a dramatic pose. Tony chuckled and felt Steve do the same behind him. They were pressed together so closely that Tony could feel his voice reverberate through him when he spoke.
He pressed his face into the fabric and inhaled the familiar scent. It soothed him. From the inside pocket of his suit jacket he pulled a folded letter. The paper was already thin from how often Tony had folded and unfolded it. He read the lines again, even though he knew the content of the letter by heart.
Steve’s fingers found the edge of Tony’s briefs on the swell of his ass. With the tips he followed the seams between his partner's legs and slipped them teasingly beneath the fabric. Without warning, Steve pulled at the hem and let the elastic snap back. Tony bit down on the corner of Steve’s mouth, strong enough to send a spark down Steve’s body, but still gentle enough not to draw blood.
“Ouch, that hurt, pumpkin,” Tony shook his hand, but it came out as a quiet laughter.
Tony couldn’t hold back, he bit the man’s finger where he was touching his lips. The man yelped in surprise. He let go of Tony and slapped him across the face hard enough that Tony crashed into the floor.
“Don’t worry, we’re almost ready to go,” Rogers said and motioned for him to follow him.
Hazel colored eyes widened in surprise and realization, staring into his own and Steve saw Tatooine's two suns shining in them.
The omega didn’t want to spend any more time than necessary with the group. Those people were strangers and he didn’t have a good track record of making friends. He only needed to get to the next train station and then he could finally leave all of this behind him, including the nightmare that was his almost-husband and the alpha sheriff who managed to make his head spin with his weird scent.
Maybe it was just Steve's imagination or wishful thinking, but he was sure there was a slight bulge to Tony's lower belly, which moved along with his thrusts, whenever he relaxed his abdominal muscles.
“Buck, don’t be mean,” the sheriff suddenly intervened. Tony hadn’t even noticed him slowing down so he was on the same level as Tony. The alpha offered a friendly if temptative smile to Tony. He was about to tell him to mind his own damn business when he beat him to the draw. “Come one. You really are slow, Tony, and we need to get going. I’ll take you with me on Dawn. He’s strong enough to carry us both.”
It had grown with every passing day, until he could no longer ignore the butterflies in his belly. Over the months the team had lived together, he’d fallen for Tony. He'd fallen for his sass, his confidence, his intelligence and the secret side of him that the engineer often kept hidden. Steve rarely saw it. It was those moments when Tony’s edges became a bit softer, his smile a bit warmer and his eyes a bit gentler, when he allowed himself to be small and vulnerable, that Steve wanted nothing more than to embrace him and bury his face in his neck.
Now he noticed that the group had started to set up another camp, just like the one from last night. Thor was carrying wood for a campfire, Clint and Natasha were collecting their weapons to go hunting, Bruce obviously tried to make tea in an old pot and Sam and Bucky were taking care of the horses.
Natasha looked at him in mild surprise and James suddenly groaned.
Tony stood up and shuffled to the kitchen silently. He was only wearing sweatpants and one of Steve’s tees. The cool floor beneath his naked feet was cold. On the clock on the wall the brunet saw that it was barely 4am. When he reached the open doorway, Tony nearly fell flat on his face when he laid eyes on his husband and his current…
Steve had left the room, beet red and embarrassed. He was by far no monk, but getting advice from an alien God on how to properly jerk off was definitely not what he’d signed up for.
“Steve… Wha-” Tony panted against his ear. His hands flexed in Steve’s hair. “What are you-” Tony’s words were cut off when Steve continued to grab the seams of his briefs for real this time and pulled. The fabric slipped into the crack of Tony’s ass like a thick thong, creating wonderful friction on his balls and hole. Tony spasmed on top of him, his nails digging into Steve’s shoulders, leaving red marks that would be gone within minutes.
Two hours after Steve officially became a Jedi Knight and a full member of the Order, a clone commander that had been guarding the entrance to the Jedi temple with his unit, pointed his blaster gun at his head and Steve heard the faint sound of a hologram in the hands of another clone trooper. It showed the Republic's Supreme Chancellor.
"Shut the fuck up and start moving, Rogers!" Tony commanded and tightened around Steve, empathizing his words.
The family made their way through the cosplayers and nerds and visitors of one of the biggest comic conventions of the East coast. Steve saw superheroes, manga and comic characters, some stormtroopers, knights, princesses in pretty dresses, half naked people and some with larger than life-sized armors. Steve was so fascinated by the throngs of people that he nearly lost sight of Peter.
Tony probably should feel bad for his husband. But it was his nature to make a bad situation even worse. He just couldn’t not. Tony blinked at Steve and in lieu of answering the rhetorical question that was still hanging in the air between them, he pointed at Peter, who simply cocked his little head at his fathers. Steve frowned and rapped Tony over the knuckles with a magazine from the table next to him.
Steve suppressed the urge to pull the man into another hug. He smiled a small, private smile and almost lost himself in the depths of Tony's eyes. “May the Force be with you.”
Now that the two small troublemakers were sleeping, Tony started to worry about their eldest. Steve hadn't seen Peter since this morning and neither had Tony. He was about to open his mouth and address JARVIS, when he heard the telltale sound of wet clothes and the ping of the elevator doors opening. The pair came to a halt in the hallway and watched as Peter stepped out of the elevator cabin, drenched and shuddering.
A gentle finger touched his cheek and Tony slowly opened his eyes again. Harley was watching him intently. He grinned when he saw him open his eyes to look at him. “Good morning, dad.”
“Thank you, Tony. We all really appreciate it.” Steve came closer, a big wooden box in his arms.
“Peter, hey.” Steve welcomed him with a smile. He tugged on Tony’s hand and stepped forward until the alpha could ruffle Peter’s wet hair. The teen was still a full head shorter than Tony, but next to Steve he looked even smaller, no matter how much he’d grown those last few months. “We missed you at dinner.”
The voices of the arguing men distanced themselves and Tony blinked until he was awake enough to see Natasha shooing Clint, James, Sam and Bruce away.
The laws of the jedi had been simple. No intimate relationships had been tolerated. But in this moment, Steve once again realized that he was no longer a jedi. He was one with the force and the force was with him. And the force had led him here. The force had led him to Tony. The force had led him into this man’s arms. And here he wanted to stay.
"Nooo! Daddy! It tickles! Harley, save me!" Morgan squealed and started squirming in his arms, trying to get away, but he held her tightly in his embrace. The water around them sloshed dangerously and they made a mess of the carpet next to the tub.
Steve felt the weight of them under his fingertips, how wonderfully round and heavy they were, hanging between Tony’s spread legs like ripe fruits waiting to be plucked and devoured. Moaning at the way Tony now started mouthing at his earlobe and neck, Steve pressed his fingers first to Tony’s perineum and then to his hole, massaging the smooth skin and eliciting yet another gasp from him when the tip of one of his fingers slipped inside.
“Tony… Tony, you’re so beautiful like this,” he marveled. Steve’s fingers closed around Tony’s length, unable to resist the temptation of the red and swollen flesh any longer. It was right here in front of him, alluring and sexy and calling for him as it bobbed slightly with Tony’s movements. His eyes went wide when he watched as Tony's erection nearly vanished in his fist, only the tip peeking out and he experimentally rubbed the pad of his thumb over the slit. It was warm, wet and sticky, and he was sure he'd forever feel the texture of it in his palm.
Steve chuckled, a bit embarrassed of himself. Years of built up want and need had exploded last night. “Should I apologize for the state of our ship or be proud of the compliment?”
Peter just favored real nipples over pacifiers, Tony couldn’t blame him. And Steve had some very nice pecs and very nice nipples. (Which Tony knew from experience) And the idea had sounded so great at the time. After all, it had worked! Steve slept like the dead anyway, and Peter had been satisfied after a few minutes of happily sucking on his papa’s nipples. The baby had stopped crying, Tony had gone back to sleep, and Steve had been none the wiser. At least until he’d accidentally found the pictures which JARVIS had taken of Tony and Peter on his husband's phone.
"Tilt your head back, Morgan. I don't want you to get shampoo in your eyes." Tony brushed her hair back again and Morgan fell back against his chest. She looked up at him with her big eyes and smiled brightly. In her little hands she held her Thor and Loki themed rubber ducks that her uncles had given her for her birthday. Tony proceeded to rinse out Morgan's hair until it was free from bubbles, even though he knew it wouldn't last for long. "Okay, now you're clean from head to toe. You almost sparkle, can you see that?"
It was Clint who broke the sudden silence. He came over to stand behind Natasha. “Could have been our man. He’s known for train robberies."
Fun fact: All horses in this story are based off on real horses. (I'm a horse mom uwu)
“No need to deny the obvious, Rogers, not when you're dick-deep inside of me." Tony snickered. Then he suddenly looked bashful. "Actually, Nat and Clint have placed bets on who would finally do the first move, and I was hoping I'd read the signs right… with this, us, you know, the whole- the whole feelings shtick really isn't my speciality. But I was hoping you'd make the first move… And I wasn't disappointed." Tony ducked his head a little and kissed Steve's throat and his collarbones instead of continuing. He was blushing adorably. It looked good on Tony. Everything looked good on Tony in Steve's opinion. He looked even better in nothing.
And that was how their little secret nipple adventure had come to an abrupt end.
.oOo.
Maybe today would be a good day after all.
"If everything goes as planned we should be there in about two weeks."
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Clone_Wars
The three of them were laughing and fooling around, making a mess until the foam of the bubble bath was on the wall and the tiled floor around them. The evil beard dragon had captured Harley and the unicorn princess was trying to find her rubber ducks to save them from their father's beard.
“But he knows that! I gave him my Star Wars comic for his birthday!” Harley frowned at Steve and Tony had to suppress a snicker at his affronted face.
“Sir? Are you okay?” A frail voice woke him.
Steve kissed the crown of his head, smiling to himself. “We love you too, Tony. It’s good to have you back. We missed you.”
“You know, he’s going to hate you for this once he hits puberty and looks at the pictures, right?” Tony raised an amused eyebrow.
Through the pain and the tears that had sprung to his eyes, Tony saw another bandit come over to them, a beta this time. “Is that him?” he wanted to know. He had an accent that Tony couldn’t identify.
It was a sunny day on Coruscant, the sounds of the busy city were a quiet hum in the air, when a smooth voice called out for him. “Hello, Steve! How are you doing? It's been a while since the last time we met. Rumors have that you will soon be knighted!” Steve looked up into the dark eyes of the man that calmly approached him. They were warm and welcoming.
“Tony, Tony... Shit!” Steve’s self-control was crumbling with every heartbeat and he moaned into Tony’s ear, shivering when he felt Tony bite down onto the tendons in his neck in an futile attempt to stifle his voice. He needed Tony to get his hands on him soon, not willing to come untouched like a horny teenager. Luckily Tony seemed to have the same thought process.
Tony’s hands were damp and hot on his wrists, his thighs quivered where he was kneeling above him and Steve experimentally moved his leg up and down where it was pressed against Tony's crotch. A moan escaped Tony and his breath hitched, giving Steve the perfect opening to gently take his bottom lip between his teeth.
Rolling his eyes, Steve pinched Tony’s butt lovingly before turning around to walk to where Peter was still busy giving Darth Vader a pink lightsaber in the next room. Tony watched him go, still smiling. He loved his husband and his son to the moon and back, but sometimes he wondered who was the one with the crazy ideas in their relationship. The engineer was about to follow the soldier when he suddenly saw something else that made him pause.
In Tony’s defense, he’d wanted to stop long ago, at least since Peter had started teething a short while ago. But with the teeth came the pain, and with the pain the crying increased, and with the increased crying the sleep Tony got every night had decreased significantly. He still had the night shift and was responsible for Peter from dusk until dawn, so to speak. So he’d just continued.
“You got a point there.” Steve conceded with a smile. “But sometimes it just hurts. And if you can feel it, then you know that it’s real. Most of the time love feels wonderful. You know that we love you, right?”
Steve huffed after a minute. As much as he loved hearing Tony laugh, this was maddening. Reluctantly letting go of Tony's ass, he grabbed the taut fabric of his briefs and pants with both hands and simply ripped them apart along the seams as if they were made from paper towels. “You’re infuriating, Stark,” he complained good-naturedly.
, the blonde mouthed.
. But then they had somehow started to work together and before Tony could blink twice, he’d fallen for Steve. Their love story had been a rollercoaster, but every day together was a gift for Tony. He’d thought their wedding was the best thing in the world that could happen to him, but just a few years later Peter had been on the way.
.oOo.
Grinning, the sheriff handed him the reins of a black horse. Tony vainly tried to ignore how those blue eyes sparkled with amusement. “Here you go. You can take Labella. She’s not the youngest, but reliable if a little iffy at times. Just don’t touch her ears and you should be fine.”
Tony chuckled even though he could already feel his back aching from the promise of another seven nights on the couch. Knowing Steve, he’d pull through with the threat, no matter how much Tony begged. Admittedly, he really should feel at least a bit guilty. After all, he’d abused his husband’s nipples without his knowledge to get their son to sleep for much longer than he wanted to admit.
Peter sighed and traced the lines of the Stormtrooper in his child friendly Star Wars book for the umpteenth time. “Okay, papa. But when you’re done, you said I can go to Ned’s, right? You promised!” Peter threw his head back and looked up at his father with his huge brown doe eyes that he somehow inherited from Tony despite being adopted. His big glasses sat a little askew on his small nose.
Harley fiddled with his water gun, oblivious and not paying attention to his fathers’ silent panic attack. “We heard Peter talk to Ned about it. He said he has a crush and that it really hurts. So, of course he is in the hospital. Dad, you always say that we need to go to a doctor when it hurts, right? And Peter said it hurts a looot. Morgan heard it too!”
“Where… Where will you go now? I mean… will you- will I see you again?” Tony asked him quietly and averted his eyes.
((Trigger warning: Major Character Injury))
“Oh my God, Steve!?” Tony called. His eyes widened in shock at what he had spotted. “Why do you have a bald spot on the back of your head?!”
, Tony thought to himself when he felt his bond sing and a warm and fuzzy feeling bloomed in his chest,
I'm incredibly sorry that it took me so long to update this story. But here it is. Chapter 4. Finally!! Enjoy!!!
“I get your point. But he looks so sad. Maybe the sheriff is right.”
((trigger warnings in the end notes))
“I missed you too, you big sap.” Tony kissed his husband square on the lips. They stood together like this for another moment before separating again.
Tony laughed at that. Peter just waved his wet toy at his parents, blissfully unaware of the fact that he was the root of all evil.
As it turned out, Dr Getz was very professional.
“You are both idiots,” a new voice chimed in. The only woman of the group came over and shoved the blonde beta away. Grumbling, the man stood up again and the red-headed alpha woman took his spot. “Just ignore them. They’re mostly harmless if also clueless. Omegas are rare here in the countryside, that’s why they’re behaving like pubescent morons.”
Memories...
“Guys, this is MJ. She’s our photographer and fucking talented.” He introduced the woman with the camera. She waved at them. Steve noticed that she was wearing a Batman shirt.
“...”
The sounds of the playing children made him happy, their scent was familiar and strong, even through the artificial scent of the bubble bath. Tony's bond that he shared with his children was just as strong as the one he shared with his mate and having them this close made it sing like music in the wind.
Steve only hummed and enjoyed Tony’s proximity.
"Hahaha, that's what I'd call a brush-off, Sheriff," laughed Clint somewhere behind them. The whole group started giggling and Tony ran over to where he could already hear the river flowing softly. He didn’t stay to hear the rest of the conversation.
“Your ship is a wreck, I won't guarantee that it will survive the next battle. Please tell me you guys aren't pirates, I don't want any trouble with you or the Empire. The last time someone had a gunfight in my workshop, I was scrubbing blood of my walls for almost two weeks and the paperwork that comes with corpses is a hassle, let me tell you that much. Howard Potts, nice to meet you, I take it one of you is the pilot, I need to talk with you about the deflector shield.” The man talked a mile a minute and offered his right hand while he pulled off his mask with the other.
“We can take him with us now. Have some fun before… you know?” Accent guy laughed and made a crude gesture with his hands and hips. “Might make us some money too.” Then he bent down and grabbed Tony’s neck. His grip was vice-like and Tony hissed in pain as he forced the omega to look up into his dull eyes. The man’s bad body odor almost made him gag. With his free hand he followed the line of Tony’s jaw. “You’d make a pretty little whore, wouldn’t ya?”
A gust of wind that let the leaves around him rustle prompted him to hurry up. Shivering, Tony practically jumped into the borrowed clothes. The pants fit him rather well, but the shirt was huge and hung from his slender frame like a dress. He tucked it into the pants and it didn't look that horrible anymore. Thank God it went up to his neck and covered the scar tissue completely. The scarf went around his shoulders to shield him from the cold wind, and he could not be more grateful. He scratched over his cheek and cringed at the stubble that he felt growing there. His razor had been in the suitcase that the train robbers had taken. What he’d give for a bowl of warm water, soap and a mirror right now. But on the other hand he should maybe consider growing a beard. It would be a good disguise.
“You’re right, jellybean, you’re right.” Tony pressed out between laughter. He held tightly onto Steve’s arms around his middle and his stomach muscles started to hurt from laughing so much. He needed another moment to collect himself before he looked at his pouting children that were sitting on the other side of the bathtub and glared at them. “It’s so sweet that you care about your brother so much. But it’s not that kind of hurt, Morgan.”
“Fuck! Fuck, Steve! I’m coming!” Tony moaned, his voice rough. Awestruck, Steve watched Tony come again without prior warning, and it was just as fascinating as the first time. The white streaks of cum painted a lewd picture on Tony's abs. His hole became impossibly tight around Steve’s cock and then-
“I guess it does,” Steve agreed and raised his head to lean in for another quick peck, smiling from ear to ear. He was so incredibly happy. “I’ll cook something nice for you later, sweetheart, promise.”
“What? No, I only said that I would ask him what happened. You should ask him what he’s wearing.”
(Capital of the Galactic Republik which became the Galactic Empire after the Oder 66)
Blinking, the two men paused for a second and realized that their noses were almost touching. Tony’s eyes were huge and dark and dancing with arousal and mirth. Steve grinned at him dopily. He couldn’t help himself, he was just so damn happy. His left hand squeezed Tony’s butt once more, before it followed Tony’s spine to gently grab the back of his delicate neck.
Steve’s blood rushed through his body and seemed to gather in his middle. He was rock hard and as he glanced down at their bodies, he realized that Tony was too. Steve’s heart skipped a beat. And suddenly he realized that he was tired of their games. They had danced around each other long enough, he decided. It was time to do something.
"You're in the outer wastelands of the west, Tony. Nobody cares about decorum. You can either ride with me, or one of the others. Whatever you prefer." Steve's voice was calm and he spoke quietly to Tony. Maybe he did sense how uncomfortable the situation was for him.
“Yeah, I kind of messed this up big time,” Steve sighed and looked at Peter over his shoulder. “Good thing it’s gonna grow out soon enough.”
“Well they do seem to be a lot of fun to watch.” Tony grinned at them.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Padawan
I'll add links in the end note if you are interested what kind of species I gave the team members and how they look :D
“Execute Order 66.”
"Nope, no touching my dick, or I'll come right away. And I refuse to come without that cock inside of me. Steve… I want it, I get it. I licked it, it's mine now..." Tony placed a kiss on the side of his erection, never breaking eye contact with Steve. His huge doe eyes seemed to become even bigger, and Steve, well, Steve was a weak man in the end. Tony's voice was a purr when he continued. "I can take it, babe. Want to be reminded of the shape of you when I wake up tomorrow, all raw and fucked out. And then we'll do it again until I can't walk in a straight line anymore. Please..."
The blonde snickered. It sounded good, if a little rusty. "No. We're not even close to the borders of the forest." The sheriff shook his head with a grin.
Tony felt his heart stop in his chest and he stared at his son in horror. He felt Steve tense up behind him as well.
It hurt him to see his mother’s dress in this state, but there was nothing he could do. He didn't have any other clothes left.
That had been three days ago.
“Tony,” He breathed, voice barely above a whisper, not wanting to break the fragile spell between them. “Is- Is that really you?”
Peter sat on a stool in the bathroom of the penthouse of Stark Tower. He couldn't reach the floor from where he was sitting, so he let his legs swing from left to right. A large red towel was around his small shoulders and his eyes were glued to the storybook he was holding.
“Steve, honey, I ca- can’t, oh my Goodness… How did you think this would be a good idea- holy mackerel, Steve!” Tony wheezed, holding his belly. His face was all kinds of red and he nearly doubled over laughing.
“Forgive me, my love.” Steve kissed his hand again and held his gaze. “Morticia.”
Tony bent down to press a kiss to Morgan’s forehead before he turned around to go to his mate. “Is Harley sleeping?” He whispered into the dimness around them.
“Carriage? What do you mean?” Rogers didn’t look over from where he was checking the cinch of his saddle.
What had he done in his previous life for his current one taking twists and turns faster than he could blink? One morning he was happily chatting with his mother, the next he was being robbed on a train on his way into the unknown. Sometimes Tony hated his life.
"Sh, don't wake him, Clint."
“He should just ask them!” Morgan concluded simply. “Then he knows!” She had moved in Tony’s lap until she could lean against Tony’s chest sideways and was listening to her daddy’s heartbeat. Thor-duck and Loki-duck were swimming on the foam in front of her.
Steve grumbled something unintelligible instead of answering.
To say the photoshoot was easy would have been a lie. Steve had trouble keeping up with the speed of the photographer, but he watched in awe how their son thrived in front of MJ’s lense. The noise of the crowded hall became a soft background hum. Steve almost forgot that they were surrounded by hundreds of people when he was about to get lost in Tony’s chocolate colored eyes.
“Alright. Give me a minute, you three.” Steve stood up again and shook his head fondly at them. He shrugged out of his wet pants and sweater and struggled with the soaked socks.
"Stop being annoying, Morgan." Harley leaned over the edge of the tub and rolled his eyes at his little sister. He had learned that from watching Tony for long hours. His sister turned to look at him and stuck her tongue out.
Without warning, the robber slammed his gun to Tony’s temple, hard enough that he saw stars for a moment. Tony held onto his throbbing head and groaned as he sank to the floor of the train compartment. His vision swam and dark spots appeared before his eyes.
“Let’s just say… Some people know me from instagram and tiktok.” He grinned over his shoulder at them. Then he continued to point out where you could buy japanese sweets, comics, crafting materials and where you could try the newest games and consoles.
Spice mines of Kessel
“What do you mean you can’t ride?” Clint wanted to know and raised an eyebrow at him. He had a bow and a quiver slung over his shoulder.
Natasha: Twi'lek
For half a second the galaxy seemed to stand still.
(See the end of the chapter for
The silence of the forest gave him time to think and plan his next steps. But he soon got distracted. The memories of the train robbery and his escape from the wedding had kept him awake last night. He soon grew tired. The horses were much faster than him, and the brunet kept on stumbling over roots and stones. Every few minutes the others had to stop to wait for Tony to catch up with them. This way he at least didn’t have to run. Still, he was sweating and his legs started to protest after a short amount of time. Hiking in a wedding gown wasn’t exactly easy and the constricting clothes made breathing even harder than it already was for Tony.
To be continued
"...he is kind of cute when he doesn't scowl all the time."
“Keep calm, we haven't even met the man yet-” Steve almost choked on the rest of his sentence.
He shook his head at himself to clear his thoughts. Tony had big plans, and none of them included Sheriff Rogers or any member of his stupid group.
Tony let his fingers wander over the lace. “It was my mother’s,” he whispered. He was too tired to make a witty remark. Though it wasn’t just sentimentality that let him keep it.
“Buck.” The single word that Clint said from somewhere in the shadows behind Tony sent a shiver down his spine. His joking tone was suddenly gone. “He’s still a stranger.”
“W-what?” Steve spluttered and blushed. How he was physically able to blush when all of his blood seemed to be in his cock was a mystery to him. “I- I don’t-”
Steve chuckled at his son. “Love isn’t stupid, Harley. It’s wonderful. What we can do for Peter is to be there for him when he needs us. You can tell him that you love him. I’m sure he will be happy to hear it from you.”
"Do you need help with washing your hair, kiddo?" Tony asked his son. Morgan's older brother was still busy putting on his diving goggles and only shook his head before taking a deep breath, holding it and diving forward into the warm water. Tony chuckled while he and Morgan watched him swim. Not long after she started to sing the Paw Patrol theme song to her rubber ducks.
"You too, Bruce? But what about
He leaned back and enjoyed the warmth and the peaceful atmosphere. Their giant bathtub was big enough for the children, their toys and Tony. He relaxed, slid back until the foam was up to his chin. Tony loved moments like these. Moments when the world was okay and he could close his eyes and let his mind wander for a bit.
A cheeky little smile pulled at the corners of Tony’s mouth. His lips were a deep red, almost like fresh blood. “You stole that quote, oh husband of mine. And it’s not Tony today.”
“Guys, really?” A new voice said. One of the men who had pretended to be asleep sat up and stared at his comrades, but Clint and Bucky ignored him and started bickering over the money. James stood up and he and Clint went over to the new guy. Tony thought he heard the name Sam being mentioned.
“You can’t go there! You won’t come back alive, please, Steve! Don’t go there!” Tony grabbed his hand and his eyes were frantic. A shift in the force was palpable to him as Tony’s heart rate spiked and his fear became obvious, fear for Steve’s life.
“What the shit?! Give a guy a warning, will you?! You almost gave me a heart attack!” Tony grumbled. Hurried, he stood up and pressed his back against the side of the horse behind him. The sheriff looked at him quizzically and Tony averted his eyes after a moment. He couldn’t look into his eyes. Roger’s gaze seemed to burn him with its intensity. “I-I’m fine. I just want to get out of this forest as soon as possible,” Tony told him and tried not to mumble, which was hard under the sheriff’s watchful eyes.
Tony was on the verge of dozing off in the warm water, when the wet head of a child bumped his chin. He opened his eyes and surely there was Morgan, snuggling close to him, trying to get away from her brother and his water gun. He pulled her in to press a kiss to her neck and she giggled.
“Yes, Master Erskine talked to Master Fury and soon the ceremony will be held.” Steve smiled at him and secretly rubbed his sweaty palms over the rough and simple fabric of his tunic. Having the brunet's gaze purely fixated on him was scary and yet exciting. He felt his heart beating hard against his ribs. But the pain in his lungs from his asthma was a good distraction. “May I ask… Will you be here during the ceremony? I know you are no Jedi, but you're a close friend to many Masters of the High Council of the Jedi Order and a guest of the Galactic Senate. It would mean a lot to me.” Steve lifted his gaze to look into Tony's kind face. The counselor smiled at him, but his eyes were sad.
Peter shuffled down the hallway and left a wet trail behind. Tony told JARVIS to send DUM-E up tomorrow. He took the wet backpack with them to the kitchen where Steve started to prepare dinner for their eldest son. The bag was put on the drainboard to dry and Tony snatched three cans of coke for them and took them to the living room. Not long after the pair had sat down on the broad couch, Peter came in with a towel around his shoulders and a healthy blush on his cheeks from the hot water of the shower.
“Okay, where to, Captain?” Clint asked him, pushing various buttons as he slowly piloted them to the city.
Tony rubbed his hands over his alpha’s forearms. He loved how protective Steve was of their children. But Tony was also sure that Peter was not acting weird because he was being bullied again. That had been different.
On the spur of the moment he took the blonde’s hand. The sheriff swiftly pulled him up, grabbed him around the waist, and before Tony could blink twice, he was sitting in front of the alpha.
Last but not least: bidding week for Marvel Trumps Hate has started. So if you want to spend money for charity and get something nice out of it just follow the link here:
“That was you being in character and attracting attention and being embarrassing at the same time. Stop it, guys. And come on over, so we can start!” Peter came over to them and pulled until they were standing in front of the wall where someone had put up huge screens with printed backgrounds. The one behind them was of an old and abandoned villa.
Steve shifted his box of supplies to one arm and pulled the hood of his poncho deeper into his face. No need to be reckless with bounty hunters and the imperial forces all around. The Empire paid a shitload of money for survivors of the Jedi Order. “But you're right. Let's hurry back to the ship.” He nodded in Clint's direction, who'd covered a part of his face with a dirty rag to hide his characteristic Zabrak tattoos that would identify him immediately. Clint's foldable bowcaster was safely hidden away under his wide clothes. “I hope they've already repaired the hyperspace engine. We're lucky that the astromech in charge promised us to hurry and make it cheap.”
Tony listened to their light-hearted bantering for a moment before he returned his tired gaze to Natasha. Keeping his eyes open became harder with every minute. His escape from the wedding ceremony had been dangerous and chaotic. The fact that he'd almost been shot didn't make it any better. Tony didn't know how long or how far he'd run until he'd just collapsed. Every sound or movement had made him think that he'd been found by the alpha that he'd nearly married, so he'd continued and continued until he could no longer walk upright and he'd blacked out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Manda’yaim. We wanted to travel to Manda’yaim.” Steve told him quietly.
Natasha hummed quietly. “How did you find out it was your groom who’d been on the train?”
They had survived for so long. But now… Steve closed his eyes for another moment and the veracity of his reality crashed over him like the waves of Kamino.
If Tony would have been honest with himself, then he might have admitted that it wasn’t half bad to be this close to the sheriff. But Tony was still Tony so he grabbed the horse’s mane to have something to hold onto and stubbornly kept his eyes on the path before them. James caught the reins of Labella and took the mare with him, leaving the two of them alone.
With Tony’s head on his shoulder, his warmth next to him, his breath on his skin, his scent in the air… This. Steve wanted this. He no longer wanted to simply survive. He wanted to live. He wanted to live with Tony next to him. He wanted his life to have a new constant that was this man. Like a pendulum in his core, the force shifted something in him into place that had been off before. It fixed his broken self.
In the light of day he finally got a good look at his savior. Rogers wore a cream colored shirt that he'd tucked into his denim jeans, above which he wore brown leather chaps. The silver sheriff’s star on his chest and the golden ring on his finger twinkled in the early morning sunlight. Just like the rest of his group he had a stetson on his head that hid most of his fair hair. On his belt hung two menacingly looking colts. All of the people of this group carried weapons. Tony knew his way around guns, though he'd never used one himself.
An insistent knocking disturbed the two lovebirds and Steve reluctantly let go of Tony’s ass to open the door of the small changing room. Their eighteen year old son stood in the doorway, wearing a black skater dress with long sleeves and white cuffs and collar, combined with black tights and boots. His brown hair was hidden beneath a braided, black wig and Steve would swear their son was wearing eyeliner. His nails were painted the same red as Tony’s, but he’d refrained from putting on lipstick.
“Nice to meet you,” Tony said because he had manners. He wrapped his hands around his mug once again. He let his gaze wander over the camp, the sleeping figures and the horses. “You don’t look like peddlers. Who are you?”
The brunet let his hands wander over his own silhouette, a little self-conscious. “Really? I don’t look stupid?”
“Okay.” Tony breathed over his lips again as they broke the kiss. His eyes shone like amber.
Suddenly Steve was keenly aware of their size difference in the way Tony's black wife beater rode up and revealed a few inches of his smooth skin, when he stretched to grab his favorite mug that Steve had accidentally put on the highest shelf in the communal kitchen once again. He recognized it in Tony's posture, how he clasped his hands behind his back and bounced on his feet when he was standing beside Steve without his armor. And he saw it when he looked down into Tony’s eyes and could count the golden specks in his warm brown irises, and marvel at the way his dark bottom lashes threw delicate shadows over his cheeks.
The omega sniffed while lonely tears ran down his face. His eyes hurt from crying. In the distance he could hear a wolf cry under the crescent moon. The only other sound was the crackling of the fire, as well as the soft wind that wafted through the crowns of the large trees around him.
Now, fourteen years after Peter’s birth, Tony could look at their family and he just knew it had been the right decision.
“Yeah. You say it all the time, pops.” Harley rolled his eyes dramatically at his alpha father, which made both parents snicker. “But why does it not hurt when you say it to dad? Why does Peter hurt?”
To be continued
At his words, the omega could feel himself tear up. He placed another soft kiss on his mate’s lips. There was no rush, no heat, no urgency behind it. It was simply filled with everything that he couldn’t phrase. Tony closed his eyes and laid his head back on Steve’s shoulder to bury his nose in Steve’s neck. His lips found the mating scar on Steve’s neck and he pressed them to it. Steve followed suit and nuzzled his neck where Tony’s scent glands were. It made him shiver slightly.
thanks to all of you who gave this story a chance! <3
The men panted, both overwhelmed by the sheer fact that Tony could take Steve’s huge member, and soon the air was filled with the wet sounds of skin meeting skin and choked-off words. Steve suspected he should be taking it slower, to give Tony more time to adjust to the angle, his girth and the force of gravity, which let Steve’s cock reach new depths with every thrust and that it could be too much for Tony, but…
The engineer's arms gave in and he nearly slumped down on top of Steve when his elbows hit the mat beneath them. With their chests pressed together tightly, the Captain could feel Tony’s smaller frame on top of him shudder, and he gently eased his hands out of Tony’s grip, while distracting the brunet with an intense french kiss.
But now the blonde had to do it himself and every strand he cut off was just making it worse. Whatever he’d done -he didn’t even know what exactly he’d done- was no longer something that qualified as being called a haircut. Steve was afraid that he’d have to explain to Peter’s kindergarten teacher why their son would come to school bald if he didn’t stop worsening it soon. Preferably right now.
Steve’s face was even redder than his nipples.
The sheriff was a polite man, well-mannered and calm. Sure, he looked a little intimidating and he towered above Tony -which wasn’t really that hard, he’d always been on the short side of life- but if he was honest with himself (which he wasn’t very often) then he might have admitted that
Unbeknownst to them, a shadow hid in the dark alleyway, that led to the most rundown neighborhood of the city.
To be continued
“I can’t wait to undress you, Tony. You have no idea what you’re doing to me, wearing a dress like that right before my eyes.” He growled deep in his throat. Steve’s nimble fingers found the buttons on the side of Tony’s dress that would open the walking slit that went up to the middle of his husband’s thigh. He grabbed Tony’s ass once again, unable to keep his hands to himself. “
Tony raised an eyebrow at the beta but said nothing. His shoulders tensed when the beta addressed his gender.
Tony could feel the rumble of his voice reverberate through his body and the sound went straight down his spine. He shuddered. They were so close to each other, closer than anything that he’d experienced up until now. His back was pressed to Rogers’ chest and his bottom to the other’s groin. Tony could feel how his cheeks burned in embarrassment and he forced himself to think of something else. A task that proved to be rather difficult as he was encompassed by that scent that made his head spin.
Steve prayed to high heaven that this would work…
Tony blinked up at him confused. “What do you mean?”
Then the engineering father grinned up at the blonde. “Now that’s what I would call a Happy Meal.”
The foam danced on the surface of the water and the whole room smelled flowery and fresh, like a fruit basket. The white tiles beneath Tony's feet were warm and he held a stack of fluffy towels in his arms that he deposited on the small chair next to the bathtub. The wet clothes of his children were in the hamper in the corner and JARVIS switched the radio on. Old rock classics played quietly in the background, and Jim Morrison's deep voice filled the room.
Tony pulled himself upright and sat back down properly. His clothes were dusty and dirty from where he’d laid on the floor, but he didn’t care. All he cared about right now was that the content of the bag was safe.
“Steve!” Tony was reaching for him. He was running, panting, his skin glistened with sweat and his eyes were wide.
"Now he's definitely awake. Well done. Men… Steve, can you come over here for a second?"
Silently the Twi'lek had come around to stand on the other side of Steve and Tony. Her hands rested on her weapons on her hips and she raised an eyebrow at the scene in front of her. “Natasha.” She said simply and went to stand next to Clint. Single words spoken in quiet Twi'leki reached Steve's ears and he was glad he didn't understand them when Natasha and Clint started snickering.
? Am I the only one seeing that this stinks?"
"Fuck you, oh my God, fuck you, Steve!" Tony chanted and rocked forward into the heat between their bodies.
Fascinated he looked at the pulsating flesh, followed the veins along the shaft with his eyes and marvelled at the beautifully shaped head where pre-cum glistened in the light. He was smaller than Steve, and he couldn’t wait to touch, kiss and taste it. Tony’s body was a work of art, from head to toe. The red of his swollen dick was a stark contrast to the dark hair of his happy trail that led downwards from Tony’s belly button to his crotch. How long he’d wanted to see this for himself. Steve would burn this image into his mind and never forget it.
Gentle waves woke him from his daydreaming. Steve stepped into the tub right behind him. Tony skidded forward to make space for the broad-shouldered alpha to sit behind him, but was soon pulled back into his embrace by strong arms. For as much as the kids had begged their papa to join them, they were too occupied with playing in the warm water to disturb their parents at the moment.
“Here we go again. The sheriff’s savior complex is rubbing off on you… That’s so typical of him, he never thinks things through. Always picking up strays. He couldn’t just leave him alone, could he? The guy obviously doesn’t want to talk about it.”
"S-Steve, Steve…" Tony finally said, his amber eyes locking with Steve's blue irises. He held himself upright with his hands on the larger man's abs, but his arms and thighs were quivering.
“Tony. No more beating around the bush," he told him. Tonys eyes grew wide at his words, realization dawning on him. "You want Captain America cockiness? I’ll give you cockiness,” Steve told Tony in a sudden rush of bravery and lifted one knee up until he could press his thigh to Tony's groin and butt. Steve could feel the heat through their clothes and the shorter man moaned in surprise at the touch. The sound went straight to his pulsating dick. The brunet’s eyes danced and there was a hunger in his eyes that hadn’t been there before as he moved back against Steve's leg. The soldier was almost sure that he hadn’t just blown it all. And that was an exciting thought.
"Y-yeah? What's wrong? Are you hurting?" Steve was instantly worried and felt guilty for putting his own desires above Tony's comfort no matter how turned on he was, and-
The whispered confession left his lips and maybe it was the spur of the moment that made him wear his heart on his sleeve. Carefully he reached out for Tony and gently brushed his knuckles over the other's cheek in a loving motion. He felt the stubble of his beard and smiled. “It suits you. The beard I mean. It looks good.”
I decided to let Thor continue being Asgardian bc that's not really human, so it fits the bill.
“Yeah, I’ll ask him what happened.”
But Tony caught his face between his hands and forced Steve to stop wiggling. The brunet’s face was twisted up in pain and pleasure, and his breath ghosted over Steve’s skin, searing hot and damp. “Stop, st-stop! Stay! Don’t pull out, Steve. That’s the best kind of sore. And I like it when it hurts a bit.”
Like so often after another debate, the two men found themselves sweaty and panting in the boxing ring in the Avengers' gym. Their anger had long since ebbed away and they were laughing, enjoying the adrenaline that came from a friendly fight.
(A criminal syndicate)
“Are you sure we can trust that Potts-guy? His workshop is a mess and everywhere are half-finished machines and he wasn't even there when we landed! Only his droids! And who the fuck needs three astromechs? Three, Steve, three! This is suspicious… I say we get the fuck out of here. Also, this planet sucks. It's hot and everywhere is sand and the most important: We're in Hutt territory!” Clint whisper-shouted at him. They were carrying bags of food and supplies back to the Quinjet. “I was a smuggler, if someone recognizes me we'll have the next bunch of bounty hunters up our asses! Steve, please let us hurry back to the ship. This stinks worse than a tauntaun!”
Laying eyes upon their ship, Steve winced when he took in the current state of the Quinjet. Wires and metal scraps were scattered all over the sandy floor and various droids were bustling around as well. Amidst the chaos was a man, shorter than Steve, with his back to them, elbow deep in a mess of colorful wires that were sticking out in weird angles from the backside of the ship. He wore greasy and dirty work pants, tools and pens sticking out of the pockets and a probably formerly red, sleeveless shirt. His dark hair was sticking up in every direction, some scars were on his forearms and his face was hidden beneath a complicated looking welding mask. But what drew Steve's eyes toward him the most, was the small circle of blue light that shone softly in his chest, that Steve could see when the man turned around to gesture wildly with his free hand at his blue astromech to hurry it up. He'd never seen someone or something like that.
"I'm planning on it," Steve promised him, and Tony burst into laughter at his horrible line. It made Steve grin involuntarily and his heart swelled in his chest at the sound.
“Are you kidding? I don’t want to ask.”
Steve sighed deeply and grinned dopily at Tony before letting his head fall back onto the mat. Tony instantly started nibbling at his chin and jaw. The butterflies in his stomach that Steve had ignored up until now, starting squirming again. “I'm glad, Tony… and you’re a freaking tease, you know that, darling? I just couldn't resist any longer. Been wanting to do this for so long...”
“I love you, Tony, more than you can imagine.” Steve whispered against his lips, his voice more of a rumble than anything else. It was loud in Tony's heart. He bent down until their foreheads touched. “You are my home. You gave me a family.”
“Mr Stark-Rogers?” she asked and raised a brow when Tony stood up and grabbed Peter’s carrier. “Please follow me.”
Links:
Steve’s heart broke a little in his chest. He pulled Tony forward by the hand in his neck and their foreheads touched in a tender gesture. Closing his eyes for a moment he drew in Tony’s scent and felt the pull of the force that told him that it was time, time to move. It was time to go.
“Hey, Steve. Clint says the next opportunity to land is on Tatooine. We'll be there in about an hour.” The Twi'lek waited for him to nod in response. “Maybe you want to change out of
“Still the wrong direction,” Natasha added unhelpfully after another moment.
“Your brother has a crush.” Steve started with a smile in his voice, and Morgan and Harley nodded dutifully. “That's another word for when you’re in love with someone. You don’t have to go to the hospital when that happens.”
"God bless America," Tony breathed in awe. With his free hand on Steve's chest, he writhed until he could look over his shoulder and down to where Steve's dick cheerily peeked out from between his asscheeks like the world's most inappropriate version of peekaboo. "No wonder they gave you a shield and not a sword, because that dick is a weapon in itself."
“And what about you and the other guy?” Tony wanted to know from Natasha.
Because as much as the fire was warm and held the threats of the night away, it was also greedy, unpredictable, dangerous and destructive. Just like all the alphas from his past had been. Tony didn’t need another traumatic experience, thank you very much. He planned to keep his distance until he could get away from the alpha.
Jedha
“Hey, wait!” Tony exclaimed and looked at the sheriff. “What am I supposed to do with it? Where is the carriage?”
Credits: The currency in the Star Wars stories
“I like it when you call me
Averting his eyes after a heartbeat, he put on one of his dark wool sweaters. It was a dull color and pretty shapeless, hanging from his shoulders and looking like a sad excuse of a shirt. But it was long enough to fall over his belt and hide his weapon. He refrained from putting on the scarf that he normally wore with this shirt. They were going to Tatooine. He'd never been there before, but the planet was known for sand, heat, smugglers and its twin suns. The stories he'd heard, said that Jabba the Hut had his palace somewhere in the northern dune sea, from where he controlled not only a big part of the galaxy-wide black market and the secret hyperspace routes to the outer rim but also the local gambling industry and commanded every bounty hunter and owned all of the illegal slave auctions. Therefore this desert was exactly the planet Steve would avoid landing on, if they weren't in immediate need of repairs.
Reluctantly he rose from the bed and grabbed his pants. Naked as on the day he had been born, he stepped forward into Tony’s space and simply watched his face in wonder. Without a word he leaned in and pressed his lips to the shorter man’s. There it was again. The spark that linked them. The former jedi wondered if Tony could feel it as well. He certainly hoped so.
"Two weeks to Shield is it then," Tony said immediately. There was no chance in hell that he’d return to a city where a criminal waited for him.
In his mind he could already see it. A little house, a child playing with the dog, and his alpha sitting with him by the fireside. Tony would lean up and his alpha would kiss him gently.
Tony stood there a little awkwardly and shifted nervously. What if the sheriff saw him changing? What would it feel like to have an alphas gaze trained on him? Also, didn't he have a special someone waiting for him at home? Tony had heard too many stories that had been whispered among the omegas in the city.
They were all standing in the landing port of Tony’s workshop, surrounded by bustling astromechs and various boxes and bags. The rest of the crew of the Avengers were loading the ship, not paying them much attention. Judging by Nat’s and Clint’s knowing grins and Thor’s big smile, they all knew what had happened between them, last night. Bruce was the only one polite enough not to react in any way.
And yet Tony was being drawn in by it, like a moth to the light of a candle.
“This isn’t magic, for fuck’s sake. Just put your foot in the stirrup and pull yourself up,” Bucky explained and gesticulated with his one arm.
Shortly after, the little family left the doctor’s office with a prescription for an antibiotic ointment and instructions to leave Steve’s poor, abused nipples alone for at least a week. Tony and Steve were both grateful for medical confidentiality.
Coaxium
It was late afternoon and the repairs of their ship had taken up most of the day. Tony was greasy and oily and tired, but he smiled from ear to ear at Steve. The former jedi had spent the day helping him as best as he could, without asking too many questions about the mechanics and electronics behind the cables and wires, so he wouldn’t feel more stupid than he probably was when it came to things like this. Watching his lover - and the word made him blush like a teenager - work with enthusiasm was more fascinating than watching an opera at the Galaxies Opera House on Coruscant.
“You’d be surprised if you knew what I always carry around with me…” Tony told him, his tone teasing but he grinned satisfied like the cat that got the canary. Meanwhile he warmed the white substance between his fingers. It smelled faintly of coconut. Steve watched him, fascinated. “That’s hand lotion. But it’ll do the trick for now.”
Nevertheless, Tony and Steve were both bull-headed and bossy. Of course they still clashed, traded barbs and occasionally continued their fights in the gym, but that was just who they were. It was what defined their friendship. With time though, their arguments had mostly become friendly bantering and oftentimes they clowned around more than they really sparred in the boxing ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, I won’t ask. You should ask him what happened.”
Steve could not help it, he laughed at the lame joke, but it turned into a grunt when Tony rubbed his fingertip over the head of his dick. Delighted, Tony wriggled in his hold and rose until he was sitting once again, looking down at where Steve was spread out beneath him.
Surprised, Tony gasped and broke their kiss when he suddenly felt Steve’s hands on his ass, kneading the soft flesh. “Oh, for fucks sake… you’re fucking talented, Steve. Do that again,” Tony breathed against his lips, attempting a cheeky grin. His eyes were nearly black, his cheeks flushed and Steve could feel Tony’s hands tremble where he carded them through Steve’s short blonde hair. And Steve loved all of it. He was drunk on the sudden rush of adrenaline.
“Hi, sweetheart.” Steve stroked a hand through his hair and smiled fondly at him. “I don’t know. It looks a bit cramped already?”
, discuss.
The whole process was slow and maddening and it took them almost three attempts. Both men were breathing shallowly, but then, finally, after what felt like a glimpse of eternity, Tony finally bottomed out. Steve stared at where his dick was vanishing inside of Tony's entrance. He was engulfed by heat and pressure and all the places where they touched tingled. Not daring to move just yet, Steve held onto Tony's thigh and groin, guiding and grounding him, but also giving him the space he needed. It was mesmerizing to watch him, to say the least.
“Okay. Okay, Tony.” Steve breathed through the fog of memories that was always looming in the back of his head. He didn’t want this moment to be ruined. He wanted to keep this peace in him.
Though, to his parents he would always be their peanut.
"Oh, please don't pretend you don't think so too, Nat. You alphas are all the same. Did you see the sheriff’s face?"
“M-maybe, I mean, do you want to- to stop here today?” Steve asked, knowing that he was too far gone to be able to calm his dick down now, but willing to try if that was what Tony wanted from him. Never before he’d been this aroused.
They were so caught up in their game that none of them realized the knocking on the door. Tony only turned to look at Steve who had opened the door when his scent reached him through the humid air filled with fruity smells. Steve was also soaked to the bone and Tony could see him shiver in his wet clothes. The pair smiled at each other and Tony released his daughter to lean on the edge of the tub when Steve sat down on it. Morgan immediately swam over to her brother with her beloved ducks and the two started whispering among themselves.
.oOo.
She’d believed in love.
“Hmm, that’s a good question.” Tony answered this time. “You know, sometimes you care for someone that is not part of your family. Someone new. Someone that you just met, maybe. And you care for them, but you don’t know if they care for you as well. And not knowing… that’s what hurts Peter.”
“Nah, it’s okay. I was awake.” Tony trailed off and his fingertips drew circles into Steve’s chest. It sent a slight shiver down his spine. “I didn’t think I’d get some of the best and most mindblowing sex when that wreckage of a starship landed here yesterday.”
"It's just natural. The sheriff’s an alpha, he's an omega."
"Oh, I'm aware of just how big you are, big guy. But I’m a size queen," Tony winked, and his wicked hands drew patterns into the thin skin of Steve's loins now. "Babe, this is like Christmas has come early! Do you know how much fun we could've had if we'd done this sooner? Fuck, I could cry at all the lost opportunities at hot post-battle sex."
He had never felt like this before. It was confusing, and made him overly wary. And that was also what scared him the most.
“Come on, honeybunch. It’s time.” Tony wiggled his fingers at his husband.
“Well, gee, I guess if it’s that easy to teach someone something new, then I’ll just start explaining the mechanics and physics behind a steam engine to you, what do you say?” Tony snarked back half-heartedly.
A soft sound pulled him from his memories of the first time he’d held his first child in his arms, when Steve appeared in the doorway, smiling softly. The alpha had brought Harley to bed. No matter how often the eight year old had claimed that he wasn’t tired… his huge yawns had not convinced anyone. All too soon he’d fallen asleep in his pops’ arms after putting on his PJs.
"Or it's just another scumbag." James shook his head. "We have no proof that it's our man."
“Kiss me, baby,” he whispered, softer than intended. If possible, Tony turned even redder at his words and promptly pressed his lips to Steve’s with a happy little chuckle. It was a soft intermission to their frantic need from just a moment ago. The kiss began slow and gentle but of course it turned filthy again very soon, with both of them still being hard and desperate.
Tony turned around, slow and careful, because the mermaid cut dress wouldn’t allow him big steps. The black fabric hugged his husband’s body, accentuating every dip and curve. The long bell sleeves were entrancing. And as embarrassing as it was, but Steve found his eyes constantly drawn to the deep V neck of the dress, that almost went all the way down to his abs.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Sith
As Steve held Tony down on the mat after sweeping his feet out from beneath him, Steve realized that maybe he shouldn’t have taken the bait that Tony's opening obviously had been. Tony grinned up at him, predatorily. There was a sheen of sweat on Tony’s forehead and his beautiful hair was a mess. The smell of musk, rubber and Tony was intoxicating and it took Steve a second too long to react. Suddenly Tony had flipped them and he was the one on top. Tony was kneeling above him, his knees to both sides of the Captain’s body as he held Steve’s hands down over his head.
“You’ll ask him?”
“And you are here, because we love each other. Your daddy and I.” Absentmindedly, his strong fingers gently caressed the long scar across Tony’s abdomen from the three Caesareans.
The huge alpha had almost given him a heart attack last night, when he’d suddenly appeared out of nowhere behind Tony. He sniffed, still a little miffed. The horses nickered and watched him curiously. One of them nudged him, hoping to get a treat. Tony ignored it for now, too busy watching Sheriff Rogers and his lawmen.
“Don’t tell me you’re carrying lube around with you all the time?” Steve stared at Tony as he opened it and squeezed some of the substance on his fingers. His hands petted Tony’s thighs tenderly, squeezing the muscles every now and then, prompting Tony’s breath to stutter. Behind Tony he raised his knees up once again, planting his feet on the mat so he had a better leeway for his hips and could provide some kind of support for Tony in case he needed it.
“It's my pleasure, Steve. I need to go now unfortunately, but I'm looking forward to see you again soon. And by then you will be a Jedi.” Steve was suddenly pulled tightly into a brief hug. His head was tucked under Tony's chin and he felt the soft surface of his clothes on his cheeks. It was over too soon for his liking and Tony pulled back. But his hands remained on Steve's slim shoulders. There was something in Tony's eyes that he couldn't identify, a flash of emotion. He opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something else but he bit his lips and swallowed his words. “Be safe, Padawan Rogers. May the Force be with you.”
pretty fancy. Who’d want to wear that voluntarily with all the ruffles and trinkets? It looks itchy. You should throw it away.”
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Jedi_Temple
His mother would always accompany him.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, Dr Getz is a professional. You can trust her.” Tony tried to reassure his husband and patted his arm.
“You are beautiful, Tony,” Steve told him, enamored, and felt himself blush some more at the sight.
Though the straw that broke the camel’s back was when Dr Getz told them that it wouldn’t have taken that much longer for Steve to possibly start lactating for real, with the super soldier serum in his veins and his body’s efforts to adapt to the new circumstances.
No matter how often Steve had told him to stop, that it was okay, that he understood if it was too much, Tony had continued to lower himself on Steve's cock, stubborn like a mule.
"Papa, are you done now?"
“I love you too, babe.” Tony pecked Steve’s neck, his chin and then his lips before he looked at Peter once again, offering the baby his index to grab. Their son gave them his best smile and held on tightly to the finger. Tony’s heart melted. He watched their son for another moment.
With nothing else to do, Tony could feel his eyelids become heavy. In the end, the steady wobbling of the horse, the sheriff’s scent and his exhaustion got the better of him. Tony fought against the sleepiness that crept into his bones. He jerked awake when he realized he’d fallen asleep for all of two seconds. Rubbing over his eyes, Tony hoped that the sheriff hadn’t noticed it.
Their four year old son was a real bundle of pure energy. It had taken Steve days to get him to agree to sit still long enough so Steve could take care of the problem at hand.
The automatic doors to his little room opened and Natasha stood in the doorway. Her smooth red skin color was a stark contrast to her black suit, stacked with a scary amount of vibroknives.
Clint appeared before him and wordlessly took the box from him to store it in the belly of their spaceship. He and Nat had somehow managed to scrape up enough money to get their hands on enough food and medical supplies that they wouldn’t have to worry about that for at least two months. Sure, they would be eating ration bars for a while, but those were substantial and nutritious. Though that didn’t mean that they were tasty.
Within seconds half a unit of stormtroopers were swarming about the place and all hell broke loose. Clint and Natasha shielded Bruce and Thor who had been fetching the last boxes for the Quinjet. Sparks were flying, the astromechs were screeching, and Steve jumped into action to deflect the red lights of the blasters of the troopers with his saber. Yelled orders by distorted voices were filling his ears and he saw red. It was pure chaos.
Tony just looked at Steve and there was the same spark of fire in his eyes like all those years ago. Oh, how Steve had missed it. “Ignore them, please.” He told Tony. The spy and the smuggler were a handful and Steve didn't want to creep Tony out within five minutes of their reunion. “They are giving me headaches all the time.”
Tony watched his alpha with a smile. After so much time together, he was still amazed by how in God’s name he was so lucky to have this man all to himself. Laying his head on the edge of the tub, he remembered how everything had started all those years ago.
“Shh, don’t wake him, Harley. He had a long week.”
“I ran away from my wedding,” Tony said, straight to the point, and took another sip of the mead.
The western saddle they now shared wasn’t made for two people and it was rather
They sat together like this for a while until Tony felt himself get drowsy again. He really was tired.
Steve turned around and went to stand at the small display in the wall, on the other side of the sitting area, where Bruce and Thor were cleaning the medical equipment. He tapped on the screen a few times to bring up the information about the Mos Eisley space port where they would be landing. But his mind was elsewhere. Whenever they had been fighting and the blaster fire was still ringing in his ears, he thought back to the day when his whole world had been crushed.
"Woah, calm down guys! Bucky, let him go. Thor, do something!"
“Oh, it’s not Dr Getz I’m not trusting,” Steve told him, a little miffed. Self-consciously the soldier zipped his hoodie up that he wore over his shirt, and crossed his massive arms over his chest. He twitched when the movement made his shirt rub over his aching chest.
“I know.” Steve answered quietly but didn’t make any move to stand up.
(A top secret order, the clone army of the Galactic Republic attacked and killed every Jedi, Padawan and youngling without warning.)
Still laying on the mat, Steve felt the butterflies in his belly go nuts. He craned his head to meet Tony in the middle and Jesus Christ, it was hot. It surely wasn’t perfect with how their teeth clashed at first, but it was good, more than good in its own way.
Tony's extravagant clothes shone brightly in the light that filtered through the lush, green leaves of the trees in the gardens of the enormous Jedi temple. The crimson and gold fabrics were evidence enough to realize that he was more than just rich. Usually Steve didn't like those rich snobs, they strutted around, looked down on everyone else and were convinced the galaxy was their playground. But this man was different.
The train robber who’d obscured his face with a filthy rag looked down at him, and the dark glint in his icy blue eyes promised a world of pain. Tony swallowed and raised his hands a little bit higher above his head, where he was sitting on the narrow bench in the train compartment. He was standing close enough to Tony that he nearly pressed his alpha groin into Tony’s face.
Tony's heart ached to see him like this. Life had been a bit difficult for the fourteen year old. Just a few weeks ago he had presented as an omega, and some boys from his class had started calling him names. And now he was lovesick. Wasn’t that just the icing on the cake that was puberty?
Six days after their embarrassing appointment at the obgyn’s office, Tony woke up in the middle of the night because the lights in the kitchen were suddenly switched on. He stretched where he was lying on the couch in their living room and winced when his joints cracked at the movement.
The two of them kissed some more, languid and gentle, while Steve shallowly thrusted up into Tony, enjoying the moment. They took the time to exploit each other's bodies, more thoroughly and less rushed than before, now that their arousal was no longer a burning need and they could both think a bit clearer.
Tony pressed his lips into a thin line, trying to keep himself from laughing. Because that would only make things worse. “I’m sure it’s not that bad. Lots of parents have those problems,” he tried, but promptly shut up when Steve’s blue eyes bore into his own and he was confronted with the ‘
Steve had put his bag of supplies on the ground next to his feet and was about to take the man's hand in a greeting, when he looked into the eyes of the stranger. But he was no stranger. The moment their hands met in mid-air a spark of something hit Steve's core, like a certain piece of a puzzle clicked into place.
Tony hummed, still a little dazed. "Are we there already?"
With that the whole robber band collected their loot and swiftly exited the train. They were gone just as quickly as they had appeared.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Confederacy_of_Independent_Systems
Steve could no longer hear the voices around them and dipped Tony to kiss him deeply. Strong arms wrapped around his neck and he closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of his husband in his arms and knowing that tonight they would make good use of the separate hotel room they had booked for themselves.
Relishing the moment of quiet and the fact that he could move without someone telling him to hold still, he pulled his husband into his arms, ran his hands over his back, and followed its soft curve. Tony smiled at him and raised his hand to Steve’s lips.
up here. Tony felt the sheriff shift backwards a bit to give him some space. One of Rogers’ arms sneaked around his middle to hold him steady. Tony wanted to protest at first, but the horse was rather wobbly, so he didn’t start a fuss and simply let it happen.
His mother had gifted it to him. It had been her gown when she’d married Tony’s father all those years ago. She’d had it altered so it fitted Tony, shortly before she- well, before she was gone.
The little devil kept his parents busy with how vehemently he demanded to suck on his papa’s nipples. Explaining to a four month old baby why it could no longer suck on those delicious nipples was obviously pointless. Steve and Tony had tried every trick they’d read on the internet to get Peter to give up on them, from the most colorful pacifiers to blankets and stuffed toys. But nothing had worked so far.
The boy let go of the straw for a moment and giggled happily at his daddy. “Ba-ba, ba ba bada ah, da-da, ba ga a ba-ba,” Peter babbled excitedly at the two adults and proudly showed them his one milk tooth before going back to sucking on that straw.
-” She gestured at his beige Jedi tunic. “-into something more subtle. The last time you decided to wear something traditional we ended up being hunted by a bunch Trandoshans for the bounty placed on our heads.”
The first few interactions had been- let’s call them
“Clint and I?” she repeated and there was the tiniest quirk to her lips when she said, “We’re bounty hunters.”
“I’m sorry,” the guy started. “We didn’t mean to be impolite. We’re just, I mean, we… umm, I’m sorry, I don’t really know where to start. We’ve never met an, umm, an omega before and, well-”
“You’ll even ask him why he’s wearing a wedding gown?”
The next time he opened his eyes, the end credits were rolling over the screen. Steve was still awake, watching not the movie but Tony. The omega blinked blearily up at him and received a kiss to the forehead in greeting, when he lifted his head from where he had been dozing.
Tony nodded until a thought hit him. “Um, darling… didn’t they take the kindergarten class photos last week?” The brunet snickered again. His belly hurt from laughing so much.
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Mos_Eisley
Springing into action, Steve ignored Thor’s yells and ran towards Tony.
Steve took his hand and rose to stand next to Tony. He sighed deeply and rubbed over the bridge of his nose. “I thought getting frozen in an iceberg for seventy years was the weirdest thing that could’ve happened to me, but here I am, a one hundred year old, male senior citizen on my way to an appointment with my obgyn.”
Tony looked between the sheriff and his deputy who still glared at him. James didn't trust him, that much was obvious. Neither did the sheriff. But on the other hand the blonde looked and smelled much more friendly.
"You'll have to ask the sheriff," Natasha explained and shrugged. There was a smile on her lips. "He will decide whether we return home or not. He was also the one who found you unconscious near the river."
If he agreed to let the alpha help him, then he could give his legs a break. Tony was a weak man. Wasn't it pathetic how willingly he threw his pride away for the opportunity to have someone pretend to care about him?
Dodger sniffed Tony’s pant leg in greeting before trotting over to sit beside Peter. The large dog gently laid its head in Peter’s lap and the boy carefully petted Dodger’s head. Peter and their dog were inseparable.
“Are you serious?” The beta laughed at him and Tony colored. “Sam, now you owe me ten bucks!”
Tony looked at the man. He was tall, broad, and muscly. A few blonde strands framed his face. Tony was no match for him. This man looked like he could, would, and had, killed before.
Bruce was a highly talented chemistry professor, who had worked on Coruscant, now the capital of the Galactic Empire, after the fall of the Republic. But he was also an excellent doctor, even when he insisted that they should ask a real medic instead of him, when one of them was injured. Bruce had fled the planet when the Order 66 had been executed, afraid to loose his life because he'd had casual contact with the Jedi Order. Sometimes Steve wondered why the two of them had never met during his time as a Padawan, when he too had lived on Coruscant. Maybe it was because the Professor had been kind of known to be a very gentle person, but his angry outbursts had been said to be scary and unpredictable.
"Hush, babe, I need to take a closer look at this gem… can't believe you hid this from me all this time," he complained half-heartedly, but there was a grin playing over his lips, while he slid back over Steve's groin -the motion was heaven and hell at the same time- until he was sitting on Steve's thighs and his dick sprung free and slapped against Steve's own abs.
The scar on his forearm itched.
It was the thing with Tony’s shoes. Or rather, the thing with the secret lifts in Tony’s shoes that really made Steve realize just how much bigger than Tony he was.
.oOo.
"More- more than okay… I- I think I just- just need a little break…" Tony was still sitting on top of him, looking thoroughly fucked, but smiling nevertheless. Steve had just enough brain cells left to catch Tony when the man could longer hold himself upright and he sank down on top of Steve's chest, heaving. Steve wrapped him up in his strong arms and pressed his face into Tony's sweaty neck, inhaling his scent deeply and not caring about the sticky mess between their stomachs, that would soon dry and start to itch.
“Nice to meet you just-Tony. My name’s Natasha.” She offered him her hand and Tony took it. “And that’s James and Clint.” She motioned towards the two tattletales before pointing at the other side of the camp, where three others tried to pretend to be asleep. “That’s Bruce, Sam and Thor.”
“Yeah, that’s the guy,” the first one said and grabbed Tony’s luggage and his coat. He tossed it to their fellow bandits.
“What was that?” Steve asked, confused. Tony just shrugged.
"Fine. I'll talk to that mysterious sheriff. Where is that guy?" Tony exclaimed. He could feel a headache approach. A bit wonky, he rose from where he had been sitting on a log, but the combination of the sudden movement, his exhaustion and the mead made his head spin. The omega raised his hands to his head and stumbled backwards.
"I love you."
Slowly they eased their grips on each other and Steve watched Tony's face closely when they pulled apart. Stories were edged in his face, in every small wrinkle and scar, probably not all of them good-natured. But those brown eyes that looked at him with the same warmth like all those years ago drew him in and- “I thought I'd never see you again. I was so scared, Tony. It's embarrassing to admit, but I've never been more scared in my live than when I thought I was responsible for your death. I always wondered what had happened to you that day.”
“This is nice.” He told him quietly and closed his eyes. Bubbles were clinging to their chests and shoulders. Steve’s thighs to his right and his left felt right, as if they had always been meant to fit together like this.
His team was aware of the risk they were taking by flying directly into enemy territory and they had all agreed that it was necessary. But still… hearing it from someone else’s mouth in broad daylight was unnerving at best.
“Hey.” Steve responded. His voice was rough from sleep. “I’m sorry, did I wake you?”
“Oh, I love you so much, I love you both so much,” Tony gasped, still trying to catch his breath again. “You are priceless!”
The man with the wild brown hair removed his hand and the Padawan already missed the contact. He looked up and felt his cheeks flush at the compliment.
Well, unlike Dodger and his fur it seemed. There was a large patch of caramel colored fur missing on Dodger’s right shoulder.
Steve moaned shamelessly. “Shit, yeah, I do…” He admitted and threw his head back, enjoying the feeling and how it sent sparks through his body. Absent-mindedly, he noticed how Tony tried to rut against his abs, trying to gain some friction on his poor, neglected dick.
Steve watched Tony go back inside and stood there for a long time. The gentle wind of Coruscant tousled his blonde hair and he looked up to the sky. He knew he mustn't feel this way, Jedi were not allowed to develop intimate feelings for another person. But his heart did not care about the stupid rules. His heart loved Tony more than he even wanted to admit to himself. Warmth pooled in his stomach, when he thought about their date after his ceremony and a spark of nervousness tingled in the back of his head.
Their tongues battled for dominance for a heartbeat, but this time Steve let Tony win, succumbing to the pleasure and the heat. At least that way he had more time to concentrate on caressing that tantalizing body he had beneath his palms.
“You are the most breathtaking creature on this planet, Tony.” He took his husband's hand, marvelling at the excellently painted nails, and kissed the back of it tenderly. “
Dodger sat next to them and the dog watched them curiously. Steve scratched him behind the fluffy ears. Their dog also needed a haircut, now that he thought about it. Thank God Dodger wasn’t scared of the pet groomer.
Tony listened to them discuss the topic of returning home or trailing Tony's almost-husband for another moment before he placed his mug on the ground and rubbed his hands over his face. He was tired, emotionally exhausted and every bone in his body hurt from his escape. All he wanted was a quiet place where he was alone and could cry in peace while he tried to think about what he was supposed to do with his life now. Because the harsh truth was that he had nothing.
A little self-conscious, Tony fiddled with the hem of his wide sleeves. The lace was dirty, bloody and a little torn. Tony would've liked to have the time gather his bearings properly before stumbling into the next misadventure, but it seemed as if he wasn't even granted that. With a thankful nod he took the duffel bag and looked around.
The sheriff was talking to one of the deputies. Tony thought his name was Thor, but he hadn’t had any opportunity to talk to him yet, and he wasn’t sure if he really wanted to. If his nose hadn’t assured him that the guy wasn't an alpha then he wouldn’t have believed Natasha when she’d told him that he was a beta. Thor was huge, even bigger than the sheriff, though he smiled more and seemed less tense than Rogers.
Up until then the team had always only been around each other in formal clothes or their battle suits. But as time passed, they all grew more comfortable and their suits were exchanged for jeans and tees.
Steve rode out his orgasm, while his cock continued to twitch inside of his partner. All he could grasp in that moment was the feeling of Tony's slender body beneath his palms, his weight on top of him, the comforting warmth and scent that never failed to wrap him up in a tight embrace that was filled with belonging.
Tony stopped in his tracks. Clint snickered. Without looking at anyone, Tony turned around and started walking in the opposite direction, avoiding everyone’s gazes. This was humiliating. His face was burning.
Steve took a deep breath to focus on the present. He'd never heard word of Tony being killed that day. But on the other hand he'd also never heard word of Tony surviving. Steve swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat. Dwelling on the past would not make their ship repair itself for free. They still needed to get the Quinjet fixed on Tatooine, if they wanted to leave that desert-ball of a planet again. He pulled an index list of every workshop in Mos Eisley up and skimmed over the names of the shop owners. The back of his neck tingled when his blue eyes landed on an unfamiliar name. It was a strange feeling. He ignored in in favor of reading the rest of the list but his gaze repeatedly landed on that one particular name.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr Stark. It's an honor to see you.” The Padawan put his book away, stood up and bowed slightly. “What brings you here today?”
It was raining outside and they heard the storm rage on. It was a cold autumn evening and Morgan and Harley had come home after a shopping trip with their other father completely drenched and freezing. The three of them had been caught in the rain and no one had thought to bring an umbrella. They had nearly given Tony a heart attack sneaking up on him in the lab and hugging him from behind. DUM-E, U and Butterfingers were now cleaning the workshop from the dirt they had brought in.
"You stink, Birdbrain. Take a bath."
Of all the things that could've happened now, the sheriff starting to laugh was not what Tony had expected. The large alpha threw his head back and pressed his hand to his chest while his whole body shook with laughter. The sound was actually quite nice. Involuntarily, Tony found a corner of his mouth tick up.
Hesitantly Tony followed the blonde giant, aware how everyone watched them. He crossed his arms over his chest and stared at the ground, feeling like a kid that was being chided by its father in front of the whole family.
“Peter is in the hospital!”
"Hey, Dad. Hi, Pops." Peter smiled at them from under Steve’s hand, and tried his best to look carefree. But there was a dimness to it, like he was carrying a weight.
The pair broke the kiss and straightened up again. To their right a small group of onlookers had gathered, half of them with their phones out and filming them kissing. The people - mostly teens, some with costumes -  flushed beet red, apologized and ran away, giggling.
“I know, I know… This is going to haunt me forever,” Steve admitted and pecked Tony on the lips, happy to have his husband back after three long weeks, even if said husband made fun of him now. “You haven’t seen Dodger yet, though.”
“I won’t allow it. Steve, you are not going there.” He whispered. Tony’s eyes grew hard and he stabbed one fingers into Steve’s chest. It hurt. It hurt in a good way, in a true way. “I just got you back, Steve, you are not going there! I won’t let you leave, knowing that you’re going to die. You’re all going to die! Or worse! You’re going to be a slave for the rest of your life!”
"I can do this myself, dad. I'm already eight!" Harly answered and pulled off his diving goggles. Tony watched him struggle with the shampoo bottle for a moment before he gently took it from him and squeezed some of the shampoo in his palm. "Thanks."
The round landing port was enclosed by walls, high enough to almost reach the level of the rooftops that surrounded them and the open blue sky above was a stark contrast to the yellow-ish stones. It was small. Clint had managed to land their space ship without destroying anything, but it was a close fit.
Tony started laughing again. He had to lay his head on Steve’s chest because he couldn’t keep himself upright any longer. The brunet had a stitch in his side and his cheeks hurt from grinning. Tears of joy pricked his eyes and in this moment he realized how much he’d missed his family during those long three weeks in Malibu. Texts and video calls just weren’t enough.
Thor and Bruce exchanged worried looks from where they were standing by the astromechs. Tony’s voice had been a whisper at first, but in the end he was nearly shouting. Realizing that he was making a scene, Tony pressed his lips together tightly. In his amber eyes, Steve could see the same shadows that were looming within his own.
