"But John- that's," Sherlock sputtered, stepping closer, his stomach falling inside of him, feeling so hallow and yet so heavy that each step felt as though he were laden with stones.
"That's alright, dear," She helped him up onto shaky feet and bent down to sweep up the shreds of paper, "the biscuits should be cool by now, if you'd like some with your tea?" Sherlock nodded mutely and stumbled into the lounge, dropping onto the sofa in a ball and facing the wall, his back turned against the world. The black leather began to grow hot around his face, sticky and damp with tears he didn't want to fall. Mrs. Hudson soon brought tea and set it on the coffee table before turning on the wireless and moving to wash up some dishes before she stopped. Sherlock's ears perked and he sat up on the sofa, shivering and shaking.
"I am," John smiled, callused palm resting on Sherlock's nape and nose pressed into his shock of beautiful midnight locks. Beautiful Sherlock, filling John's lung with sweet minty blackberries and just a hint of typewriter ink below his mouth-watering preheat.
"Sherlock...I-" The words froze on his tongue, two more easy words, he just had to spit it out. Spit it out, Mycroft! But his English sensibilities caught up in time, and he only gave Sherlock a pat, the gangly omega squirming away from his touch, further into his cave. "If anything, should ever, happen to John, I will take care of you- Gregory and I will always be here for you. No matter what happens."
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" John's stable, concerned voice cut through him and he dragged his eyes away from his friend, tears welling in his eyes, lip pulled between his teeth, skin pale and ghostly.
Greg swallowed a knot in his throat. This wasn't his first crime scene, not by far. But something about this one...something sent his stomach into a flop like nothing before. The first victim was young, so young, 20 or so at most, and she was mauled horribly, legs and arms covered in viscous crimson gashes, neck snapped to the side, ginger hair plastered with blood to her face, eyes open and wide in frozen fear. Greg closed his eyes for a moment, trying to soothe his nerves before turning to the second and third. A little boy, blonde hair matted with dried blood, left arm snapped backwards, clothes ripped to shreds, his stomach ripped clearly through, guts spilled onto the vibrant spring grass. How such revolting gore could exist in such a beautiful country setting, wildflowers blooming and birds chirping, it was dichotomous and made it even more vile.
"If you'd like to follow me, Dr. Watson," Her tight bun shook with each sharp step as she led them to the plane. Sherlock held tight to John's jacket, feeling horribly shy. His heart raced as they stepped aboard, the inside was rather small, just three rows of seats, two across, and an aisle down the side. Sherlock immediately took the window, John sitting next to him. He watched her as she intently click clacked to greet another set of passengers.
"it's a shame you're all the way up there," He smirked, arms to either side of Sherlock's knees, gripping the dock edge. "The water's amazing," Sherlock cheeks flared, his heart racing, suddenly quite bashful. His pale skin shone ivory in the sun, a healthy amount of freckles already beginning to bloom across his shoulders. John put his hands on the tops of Sherlock's thighs, tan skin contrasting so vividly as his thumb caressed a small spot at the hem of his shorts.
"You're so sweet with your mum," She smiled, lipstick smearing just a tad on her pearly white teeth, "You know they say men who care for their mums make the best boyfriends," Her dimples were garishly obvious, her voice sugary sweet and Sherlock was suddenly feeling sick. His head was spinning and he thought he might pass out when Mrs. H grabbed his elbow.
"Slow down, my dear boy, nobody's forcing you into this," John said slowly, as unpatronizing as he could manage, patting Sherlock's knee once more. "I'm merely asking- offering, protection, support. Love, Sherlock. I love you."
Sherlock was miraculous, angelic, his halo of midnight curls topped with a crown of heather and white flowers. He wore a pale grey suit, with a small blue ribbon around his neck, and a traditional mantle around his shoulders with a train held by two adorable little page boys, John's nephews. His ivory skinned glowed with a subtle rosiness, his eyelashes fluttered down to watch his wrists, bound with blue silk rope. Mycroft held his arms by their bindings as they made their way towards the altar. A female omega or beta would have worn a veil, but omega males were married tied up- even if the kidnapping of the bride was no longer commonplace. Did all wedding tradition have such misogynistic roots? Sherlock seemed so, shy, embarrassed, it was lovely, all blushy and hunkered in on himself. His silver blue eyes flickered around the guests before looking right back down. His. That boy, right there, was his. John's chest heaved with pride, his lip turned into a smile. The most beautiful, brilliant boy in the world was
"You be good for Uncle Sherlock, Emmy," Greg whispered, pressing a kiss to her head before rushing out of the morgue. Sherlock looked down at her himself, offering her a finger, which she grabbed tight into her first, opening her mouth and trying to eat it. Sherlock laughed, sweet and small and really more sad than happy, and John stood catatonic, watching his husband go completely under into his omega, natural care taking instincts buzzing. He smelled delicious, like ripe summer berries and honey and clover and John growled, coming foward to press a kiss to his mop of chocolate. Sherlock scrunched up his nose but smiled.
"Sherlock, this is not my doing. I mentioned your station to the PM and he saw fit to invite you. Bletchley is his project, not mine." Sherlock scoffed, breathing in and out with frustration.
“I don’t think you are sorry, Sherlock.” John tsked, “and you were doing so good, boy, I thought we had made progress,” John sighed, the disappointment in his voice slicing through Sherlock’s heart like a razor. He had let his Master down. Again. He was horrible. “Get up, boy, we’re going home. You’ve embarrassed me, you’re lucky I don’t teach you a lesson right here, right now in front of everyone” Sherlock whimpered, eyes dripping with silent tears as he stood, eyes down. John pulled open the door for him and watched crossly as his sub exited, head down, wiping his nose with his sleeve. Out in the hall, Lestrade’s mouth hung open and looked at John incredulously.
“Evie, huh?” Stephen’s velvety baritone chuckled lowly and stroked along Ross’s neck and carded fingers through his silvery blonde locks.
He waited gently, for what he had no idea, his hands grasping the leather arms of his chair as he listened to Mrs. H's scuddling about downstairs.
John chuckled again, Sherlock filing away the sensation in his hardrive- the deep vibrations of warmth that filled him before his daddy said softly, “I love you too, Sherlock.”
He couldn't have this. No, he wouldn't do it. He wasn't ready. He didn't believe in God, and he really didn't think it was murder. The
"Yes, hello, excuse me? A little peace and quiet please?" Violet snarled at the unsuspecting maids, whose eyes widened fearfully, unsure what to do. Mycroft could smell their fear and stood, calmly and stately, buttoning his jacket.
“Enjoying the party, princess?” A low voice came from nearby and Sherlock looked up quickly to see one of the honored RAMC officers looking at him like he was a cut of steak. He blushed nervously. He was very aware of how tight the trousers he was wearing were, and how he had elected to wear knickers instead of pants, and that this man was too close. Too close. Sherlock closed his eyes briefly and shook his head.
"Sherlock, hello, I'm Dr. Morgan," An alpha male entered the room, and his scent only made Sherlock worse, tears in his eyes as his whole body fought to escape, to get away. Dr. Morgan snapped on rubber gloves, wheeling over between Sherlock's legs, adjusting the restraints so that his knees hung right below his shoulders. The doctor sighed, examining the outer damage. "Made a bit of a mess of yourself, Sherlock," The doctor smiled kindly- a botched abortion seemed the likely culprit. The man who scheduled Sherlock had been hesitant to say anything, and his smell was all over Sherlock. Dr. Morgan thought for a moment- perhaps Sherlock hadn't done this to himself at all. The omega whined pitifully as the doctor pushed a finger inside him, stretching a bit and looking at the awful cuts. He gave Sherlock a pat on the inside of his thigh. "Can you tell me what was used here?"
to him. Like a rope wrapped around his middle jolting forward. Ross licked his lips. He looked familiar. She shoved him a bit and he stumbled forward, setting his
John carried his snoozing lover to bed,tucking the enormous Egyptian cotton duvet around him, planting soft kisses all over his face, feeling Sherlock smile beneath his lips. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open for a moment, drowsy and content.
"I came to see my friend," He said kindly, his omega instincts begging him to tend to the crying child, and he looked down at the bear in his fingers, kneeling down to the shy toddler boy. "Is this yours?" He nodded, grasping the bear close to his chin, retreating behind his mother.
"Overdue for a brotherly chat," Mycroft tucked his notebook into his inside pocket, "does John know?"
Providence was apparently in his favour, and the bedroom door squeaked open, a rather familiar scent of gunpowder, heather and something so indescribably
"But-" Greg cut him off, pushing him by the shoulder out the door, closing it behind them before Sherlock could protest. A hot ball of emotion was climbing up Sherlock's throat, and he felt tears welling in his eyes. He pushed Greg's shoulders, glaring up at him.
"I didn't mean what I said, about maybe being-" Sherlock managed to whisper through his tears, and John sighed, pulling him in tighter and rocking them both back and forth.
"No, Sherlock, we don't appologize for safewords. You know that. Now sleep, baby, Doctor's orders." Sherlock nodded softly, already nodding off a bit.
He groaned and scrubbed at his chin, looking into his cup of coffee. There was shouting and he looked up, Anderson was rushing into the office, helmet still on, right over to the dispatch radio before flicking the channel, turning up the volume.
"It's so nice to have an omega boy finally." Vanecia held him tight and turned them around, pointing to the girls one by one, "This is Helen, Margie, Agatha, Mary one, Mary two, Holly, Elanor, and Beatrice," Sherlock gave a tentative wave as they all turned to look him over. A plump ginger girl, Agatha, came and touched his hair, floofing up his curls.
I shamelessly stole from this actual account of Gladys Newlyn, who was in the ATS, feel free to check it out!:
"But- what are you going to do then? Won't it be difficult to do surgery, with your arm the way it is?"
"Steady, Holmes," Sherlock nodded and drove a bit faster, eyes steady on the road, controlling his racing heart, and soon he could see the train station.
hanging his head between his shoulders and trembling as John filled him to the brim, burst after burst of fluid, he felt as though he could feel it sloshing inside of him. The Alpha leaned in, breath hot on Sherlock's moistened skin, sucking up a gulp of omega's delicious scent. His canines gleamed as he suddenly bit down on his sensitive neck, the taste of copper on his tongue. Sherlock wailed, his eyes watering and his heart clenching as a strange and ethereal feeling flowed down every vein in a thudding beat of
"b-bitte," Sherlock whispered, his eyes doleful and sweet, his entire body fighting him as he pumped out his scent, hoping the blond soldier bought it. Clearly, he was too good a prize to pass up, and his comrades agreed, closing in as a pack, and Sherlock swallowed nervously. This could really go wrong if he didn't play it right.
Maybe tonight was the night he kicked Sherlock out. For good. The thought hit Sherlock in the stomach and his breath hitched. He shut his eyes tight and hoped daddy didn't notice his half-choked sob. He didn’t even notice when the car stopped and daddy got out. He flinched violently when his door swung open, cowering in on himself, eyes locked on his lap.
"The baby. Her name is Emilia. She- I- I know her," Sherlock whispered, stepping closer to Esther before turning and looking only to her son, a mask freezing over his face as he looked over the tattered gutted boy.
"Holmes, I swear to god-" Sherlock didn't let him finish before rushing out into the woods, and the RAMC infantrymen exchanging glances.
A slick wet tongue found it's way along Sherlock's earlobe and he froze, a solid statue even as everyone else moved rhythmically to the fox trot crackling from the phonograph. Thomas' awful breath fogged at his skin, the hairs on the back of his neck standing straight. This was too close. He was too close. Touching him. Someone was touching him. Sherlock whimpered as Thomas bit down on his ear, and Thomas only chuckled- gripping Sherlock's hand like a vice, hand at the small of his back leading him off the dance floor. Sherlock didn't want to go with him. He shouted at his feet to stop! Stop! But he was far to high and far too drunk to be in control of his transport. Thomas pulled him out of the main room and into the corridor, pressing him against the wall, hands on either side of his face, devouring his neck. Mummy would
The crowd cheered with a few lewd whistles, but Sherlock couldn't hear a thing- the world had faded away from him, all that remained was
"Sorry, right, um, when Sherlock's better, I wondered if he could come help us out, the Yard, that is, you know what he's like, he sees what kind of cigarettes you fancy use based on your shoelaces, it's just, no witnesses, omega and her pup killed, it looks like some sort of animal attack, my boss thinks it was an accident, but I just have this wretched feeling about it, I just, thought, well, Sherlock might be able to help,"
"I've been designing this as a recruitment exercise. Have you ever solved a Crossword Puzzle, Mr. Holmes?"
"Well, it's different for everyone, and I'm afraid it's against regulation, darling," John's fingers wrapped around his hands, pulling them from his face and pressing kisses along his palms as Sherlock squirmed and smiled. "But I can probably get a nice stubble before I ship out, that is if you don't mind scratchy kisses,"
"Single!" Sherlock interjected, stuffing his hand in his pocket and slipping off his ring. Janine looked at him with her mouth hung agape and he gave her a sharp pleading look that said,
He thought of the image, stuffed inside a letter, going through the post, a thousand hands carrying it to John with no idea as to it's contents. The loud shouts of post call, the other men leering when they saw who it was from, John shooing them away, cheekily opening it and tucking it into his pocket- making some snide remark about Sherlock's honour to get them all riled up.
"Oh, Sherlock," She smiled, patting his arm with a wrinkly, soft hand, "I know you far too well for all that," Sherlock watched her, dumbfound, and she tugged him back towards his room. "Now let's get you packed."
at Sherlock, his eyes evaluating Sherlock in that horrible way he was used to. Sherlock was so tired of proving his own worth. The Alpha stood abrubtly, his chair squeaking on the concrete floor as he huffed over to a desk in the corner of the room, retrieving something. He set down the paper on a desk with a pencil and tapped the wood, inviting Sherlock to take a seat.
"I think you both need to sleep, Esther," Sherlock said softly, holding his arms out, the baby reaching out and curling into him, Greg lurking behind him, taking in the sight of Sherlock holding a child and rocking back and forth to soothe her. "What's your name?" He said softly, adjusting her cap as she began to calm.
, you should be glad I'm an anti-monarchist," John breathed as he pressed his hand onto Sherlock's hip, wrapping his fingers around their cocks, just the slightest tip of his fingernails scratching across Sherlock's shaft, leaving the paler man a trembling mess, his legs twitching beneath John's denim-clad thighs.
"I can't swim, John," Sherlock mumbled, fiddling with his fingers in his lap as John pressed himself up using the edge of the dock, the omega budging over to make room as he hoisted himself up next to Sherlock. The alpha's eyes glowed mischievously, and Sherlock really ought to have seen it coming, he was far to lost in John's eyes to notice before it was far too late. The shock of the slap of water on his skin was only momentary before he went under, struggling fitfully to crawl up to the surface, shaking out his curls underwater, eyes pressing closed. Suddenly he was pulled up, two strong hands under his armpits, until he was back in the air again. He sucked in a breath before he coughed and spit up water, his eyes burning with saline. His eyes glowed like a cat in the bathtub as he frantically tried to paddle.
"Sherlock, did you know?" Sherlock nodded meekly. "You knew?!" John shouted, his face turned into a horrible mix of anger and grief and surprise that sent even more twist into his gut.
"Wer ist da?" (who's there?) He shouted, only to hear keening, a male! A male omega, sounding like he was approaching his heat. A german too. His feet couldn't move fast enough to find a crumpled pale thing in the grass, tugging at his clothes, writhing in the dirt, shock of chocolate curls shuddering as he trembled, moaning and grasping his stomach. The german furrowed his brows, "Du bist weit weg von deinem Zuhause, Omega!" (you're far from your home, omega!)
"really Mycroft, you could do better than to invite dirty city boys inside your house, it's disgraceful."
"Good morning, sunshine," Greg beamed as Sherlock came into the dining room, pulling his jumper over his head, inky curls plopping out the top. He shook out his shoulders and fluffed his hair, slouching into his chair, leaning his chin on his arms, looking intently at the empty tea cup in front of his eyes. "Sleep alright?"
The baby had stopped crying, which was good news. Greg held one arm under her bum and a hand on her back, delicately grazing over her bandages, and he bounced, finally enjoying some peace and quiet ever since the little firecracker had woken up. The Sergeant smiled when he heard a soft snoring from his shoulder, he pulled into his arms properly, seeing her lapping tongue and offering the bottle he'd requisitioned from the evidence locker, now filled with formula. She suckled happily, dozing off and on as Greg admired her sweet apple cheeks and tiny little fingers that grasped out for her bottle. She was perfect.
"I'm sorry daddy! I'm s-sorry," John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, inhaling and exhaling deep. He looked back up at the blubbery mess on the counter top and smiled.
things to professionals. An exasperated nurse came in and out, and Mycroft caught a glance through the swinging door, gagging in his mouth at the sight of his brother trussed up like that. He stood, shaking his head and calling the nurse over.
Sherlock stood awkwardly off to the side of the crowd of girls gathered. It was cool and breezy as they waited by a large car park of lorries, the girls giggling and waving at the soldiers on the other side of the grassy center of the compound. He only looked at his shoes.
"Oh, please, and give Hitler the satisfaction? No, you haven't seen the back of me yet, Sherlock" The omega smiled, he shouldn't have. He should've insisted she go, it wasn't safe, but he couldn't. The thought of her anywhere else turned his stomach.
"King George V is dead." Mycroft said, swallowing thickly. "It was on the wireless last night." Sherlock squinted at his nervous looking brother.
"Christ!" John shouted, looking both ways before pumping his legs desperately, still grasping a sputtering and coughing Sherlock. "Sherlock we've got to get out of here before-" There was the unmistakable roar of bullets in the air and John cried out in agony, his entire body throbbing with pain, radiating from his shoulder like electric current. Then he smelt it- fire, and he shoved Sherlock below the water before the oil was set alight above them.
"This country has the most powerful navy this world has ever seen, and you're trying to tell me that we can't evacuate our men from France? What does Lubrun say?"
"Poor little Sherlock, writhing on the floor like he's just presented, leaking slick all over my nice carpet," John tsked and Sherlock shuddered, he was so close, Christ.
Greg sighed, scrubbing his face with his palms and staring into the shiny metal teapot. 29 year-olds didn't have grey hair, and yet he was already starting to sprinkle with salt on the tips by ears. Bloody hell, he looked downright
"Dearly Beloved, We are gathered together here in the sight of God, and in the presence of these witnesses, to join together this alpha and this omega in holy matrimony, which is an honourable estate, instituted of God in the time of man’s innocence, signifying unto us the mystical union that exists between Christ and His Church," Sherlock's heart raced, his eyes glazing with tears. John smiled, and made eye contact once again, his scent soothing and warm, rippling through Sherlock in waves of consoling pheromones. "It is, therefore, not to be entered into unadvisedly, but reverently, discreetly,
Sherlock keened as John pushed him down against the bed, pulling his arms above his head, pining his wrists in one hand, using the other to explore under his shirt, pinching lightly on his left nipple. Sherlock’s curls toppled back across the duvet, his eyes shut tightly. His heart was beating like jingle bells as daddy straddled him, planting kisses and bites along his neck, nibbling his ear. “Daddy!” Sherlock whispered urgently, eyes still pressed shut.
"Mmm," He mumbled into his pale smooth skin, "long day. Long, long day," Sherlock's collarbones were dipped in pink blush, and John ran callused thumbs through the curls that hung by his ears. Sherlock yelped as John pulled the omega over his shoulder, holding him by the inside of his knees.
"Yes, Jawn," Sherlock whispered, pressing back into John's chest, pulling his arm up to hold to his own chest, examining each strong finger with intent. He placed John's dry rough palm agianst his tummy, heart fluttering with guilt and sadness and he turned to look at John, icy grey eyes lined with tears. "I'm sorry,"
"A murder!" Sherlock squealed and John rolled his eyes, pressing a kiss to his cheek and clambering out of their four-post bed.
"Mykie, I've called the station- they're doing what they can, why don't you just sleep and let me handle this, honey?" Greg soothed, rubbing across Mycroft's back as he paced the hall. "We'll find him,"
not like that idea. Honestly, why was he trying to know? Even if he did, it would be very hard to convince himself to go through with it if he was indeed...he shivered...
"Um, cleaning products. Mrs. Hudson's teaching me," John smiled and nodded at that answer, seemingly pleased with Sherlock's newfound domesticity. He looked down at his newspaper and sighed, huffing about with his crossword.
"Sherlock, look at me," a pair of shimmering grey eyes flicked up, full and round and afraid, "I will always help you."
"You could come with us, to Berlin, and probably onto Cologne and perhaps Paris, then Rome." Victor smiled, his flirting completely for show. It was Mycroft he needed to convince, not Sherlock. Hell, Sherlock could be married tied up in a flour sack, as long as Mycroft signed the papers.
"Stop! stop this," Sherlock set his tea down with a clatter, and John eased his hand away, brows furrowed in concern. "Why are you doing this?!"
"Prospective Alphas will not appreciate your lip, young man, 15 strokes." Adler' heels clicked as she strode across the nursery, retrieving the paddle from it's place above the door. Sherlock sniffled. He would not cry. He would not give this monster the satisfaction of crying. Miss Adler smiled as she raised the paddle into the air.
do that again," Sherlock nodded sadly, and John smiled, "Quite right, now let's get you dressed, darling," He pat his knee and Sherlock crawled off the bed, feet cold against the wood floors of their room as he padded towards the bathroom, leaving the door slightly ajar- he didn't know the rules here, and he didn't want to break them, not again. He looked at his own reflection, a bit flushed with fever, his hair like a fluff of wool on his head. He quickly turned the taps and washed his skin with the soap he found. He jumped when he looked in the mirror and saw John watching him.
"John! Hurry!" He shifted from foot to foot as the Alpha paid the cab driver. John turned around and gave him a hand and an aggravated look, so Sherlock bit his lip. A woman stepped down the metal steps and approached him a posh-looking dress and a fake smile.
"well fuck you too," Sherlock snarled, tugging with all his might, so alarmed that he was currently being outperformed by midget lapdogs. Suddenly, a horrible, terrible ripping noise echoed through the grand room and Sherlock yelped as he tumbled backwards, his sheet now being ripped to shreds by viscous canine teeth. "I'm telling your mother about this, young man, and don't you forget it," Sherlock wagged his finger at the largest dog who only shook his head vigorously, shredding the 400 thread count Egyptian cotton. Speaking of mummy...
"Harry, I look ridiculous, I'm not wearing this." He grumbled, looking at the floor length mirror before looking down at his feet- socks and garter ribbons and all. He glanced back up at mirror, and the wretched blue tartan garment that went to his knees.
"Greg said your things will be all moved in by the time we get back," Sherlock nodded and fluttered his eyelashes. "Right, now let's go, darling"
“Good lad. Might make a doctor out of you yet,” John smiled. Sherlock wrinkled his nose playfully. John rustled his hair a bit and they drove in quiet for a while. They pulled up to a posh looking restaurant and John tossed the keys at the valet.
"Was I good, John?" Sherlock whispered into the fogged warmth and quiet, and John grunted, wrapping his arms around his middle and caressing his stomach gently, pressing a kiss to the shell of his ear as his omega purred.
"Don't sweat it, Holmes," The Captain whispered, leaning his cheek in close and Sherlock could smell his alpha, like bark and grass and damp dirt, he could see the graze of his daily stubble, bright blonde on his tanned, scruffy jaw.
"Well I don't know you! I don't. You purchased me, and now you own me, but I don't know you at all!" Sherlock cried, crawling backwards. John growled even more.
"John, I don't understand why you're upset!" John only shook his head, hands on his hips, lip pulled between his teeth. His pheromones were raging and were sending waves of fear through Sherlock as John stewed.
"Here, I'll take him upstairs," Greg said kindly, swinging Sherlock's arm around his shoulder, guiding him up from the ornate dinner chair and helping him to walk.
Sherlock didn't reply, only barely scratching his teeth along, and John yelped, shoving himself down Sherlock's hot tight throat before coming like a freight train, (fittingly just as Sherlock reached "...happy and glorious,") and whispering Sherlock's name. Sherlock stopped his tune and let John's now limp cock leave his lips with a lurid
Sherlock's eyes widened, and Mycroft seemed to enjoy his discomfort. John smiled into his teacup, licking his lips and taking a hearty sip, feeling rather pleased with himself.
“So clever darling,” He pressed his first finger in slow this time, stretching ever-so-gently, slowly letting Sherlock adjust. He squirmed and flexed beneath him, whimpering. “Shh, deep breaths, Sherlock, we’re almost to the good part.” Sherlock gripped at the fairy lights around his wrists, burrowing his head into the bed covers as daddy stretched him further. “That’s it, little one, you’ve got it,” A single tear dampened his blindfold as Sherlock did his best to relax.The smell of peppermint was cooling, mixing with the warm scent of
Suddenly, the blanket stirred, a soft whining filling the country air. Greg immediately pulled it back, and gasped, leaning down and checking the baby's heartbeat.
Suddenly, in the distance, the air howled with a siren, far away in the city, the sky thundering and roaring with the sound of an engine. John's eyes startled open as Sherlock began to tremble, trying to pull himself up off of John's knot in blind panic, sure to hurt himself. It wasn't a pleasant sensation on John's end either, and he grunted before gripping Sherlock by the forearms and searching his manic eyes. Calming Sherlock during an air raid was difficult at the best of times, but this was definitely the worst time. Thank God it wasn't their street.
Alan looked at him strangely, evaluating, and Sherlock watched him intensely. For some reason he wanted to see approval there.
"Sherlock, I don't like this," Mrs. Hudson said sweetly, perched on the arm of the lounge chair. "Such a beautiful boy, you look- strange," Sherlock swallowed, looking nervously to Anthea who seemed impassive. His cheeks flared and he looked over his shoulder to the mirror. A beta looked back at him- with slicked hair and masculine clothes and pale eyes that followed his own.
"If you don't wish to come, please have candor with me," Mycroft paused, making sure his study door was closed. "You're
Oh that goes without saying, sweetheart.” John smiled and pet Sherlock’s nape, planting a kiss on the crown of his head.
Well, he hoped Mycroft would get time off of school to come bury him. Maybe then he'd regret not playing pirates with him.
"Sherlock?" There was a knock on the door, "Sherlock are you in there?" Martin. It was Martin. Not Mycroft. Not Mummy. Sherlock almost responded but stopped, hastily moving to complete his mission, knocking the mirror over in a clatter. He grimaced and held still, hoping the old man would ignore it. Martin was panicking. The scent of omega blood was wafting through the closed door. Martin had never had children- but he did have Sherlock. He jiggled the doorknob. Locked! He pounded on the door, shouting this time, "Sherlock! Sherlock open the door.
"Get out of here...but you wanted to dance?" Sherlock asked softly, looking more and more like a lost kitten by the minute. John smiled warmly, wrapping Sherlock's arm around his, leading him down the corridor and out into the night, enjoying the innocent and incredulous eyes that watched him intently.
“I’m sorry, sir, I shouldn’t have sai-” John cut him off with a firm grip on his chin, pulling him up and examining his eyes.
Slowly, as the tune began to drift, their shuffling feet echoing round the room, Sherlock's cheek found it's way down onto a gentle and strong shoulder, eyes closed, mind fuzzy and warm in the arms of an army captain with eyes the colour of forget-me-nots.
"Alright, all of you, sit down. Let's get this over with, for all our sakes. I know you're here to learn basics, so that's where we'll begin, and where we'll end. If you need it, there are books over there, take 'em and bring 'em back. But I doubt you will, as this course is only elementary chemistry."
He did as he was ordered, fingers trailing down his smooth skin, across his clavicle, his diaphragm, his pectorals.
comment but shook his head in disbelief. The hell? Magic? Wizard? Why was he even surprised, living in this world. 10 years since the attack on New York and all sorts of weird shit was happening. He bristled at the thought of that day. His common-law husband William had been killed, killed by
“Your haircut and the way you stand says military, but you’re a doctor, so army-doctor, and you still have a tan, but not above your wrists or neck, so somewhere sunny, so Afghanistan or Iraq.” Sherlock bit his lip nervously, looking out the window.
"His name is Gregory, and I am here because you are being idiotic, Sherlock, as ever. Disobedient, too."
"What, why?" Greg cocked his head and set a squirming Em down, who crawled around his feet, hitting his trouser-clad calves with open little palms.
"n-no da-addy, don't be s-sad, s'my fault, daddy, not you," Sherlock shook his head vigorously, "not you at
"You can't say that, Gregory, you're frightened yourself! The apperature of your pupils, the tremor in your hand, besides the fact you've looked at the phone three times in the last minute. You're nervous. You think he's in trouble." Mycroft snapped, voice harsh and dominating, clearly needing to express his own fear. Greg didn't mind, wrapping his arms around
"Shh, it's alright, I understand, we'll readjust," John pressed a reassuring kiss to the hallow space between Sherlock's shoulder blades, lapping at the beads of sweat there. He grasped Sherlock firmly by the waist and flipped over, resting Sherlock's tummy on the seat of the chair, his own knees resting on the rug. He growled and pressed Sherlock down into the fabric, his rut now beginning to take him. He pounded into Sherlock with a punishing speed and strength, hands gripping bruises into his hips as he ground into him.
?” Sherlock nodded vigorously, eyes cast down still. “Care to elaborate?” Sherlock gulped, rubbing nervous hands down his thighs.
"I want to be with you, Sherlock," John whispered, petting his hair softly, still swaying to the music. Sherlock's eyes welled with tears- tears of frustration. He shut his eyes and shook his head, not allowing himself to cry after being kissed.
"Mare Street? I'm scared, Greg, I'm not, I let myself-" Sherlock let out a broken sob before biting it back. "Please come get me, I'm really cold."
"Wait! I forgot something!" Sherlock cried, rushing back into the door, not even chancing a look behind him to hear what John had to say. He pummeled straight into Greg, falling backwards, barely in time for him to grab his wrists and pull him up.
"J-awn, please! Please! Please, John, please, I want you John," The Alpha sighed, leaning in and lapping at Sherlock's neck. An Alpha's rut saliva was full of antibiotics, John had even studied it in school, and it helped keep bond bites clean of infection.
His John. The thought sent a shiver down his back, adjusting his legs to account for the arousal and excitement of his alpha's scent.
"Santa..." Daddy's voice was low and gruff, "who told you that, little one?" Daddy smirked and fluffed Sherlock's tail a bit, drawing patterns on his exposed skin with the other hand. Sherlock blushed and his feet shuffled anxiously.
, and that is exactly why we need to retreat. Gather our men and save the fight. Hitler may have won his empire on land, but the channel will always be his greatest obstacle." Mycroft rubbed his temples in aggravation.
"I can see that much. Whatever for?" Mycroft and Gregory shared a look, and the newly appointed sergeant reached over to rub a circle into the arm of Mycroft's jacket. "And why are we all having breakfast like this, don't you have a government to run?"
"Sherlock," Mycroft stated, obviously, face wrinkled with confusion as he sat back in his enormous chair.
"Yes John," Sherlock's omega was so upset that he had done this to John, even if Sherlock hadn't done anything wrong, that he found himself grasping out and curling into John's neck. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, John, please forgive me,"
crashing. It's only turbulence, darling," The plane dropped again, and Sherlock whimpered, pressing his nose into John's neck, sucking back the warm affirming scent, strong and powerful and safe, and for a moment, it seemed entirely possible John could stop a plane crash if he wanted. "You're safe," John whispered, petting Sherlock's hair gently, pressing a kiss to his head. "You're safe with me, love,"
"It will be cold on the plane, love," Sherlock's mouth hung open and his lips turned into a smile. This was the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to him. A plane! His shoes clacked on the tarmac, and John handed him the two lightest cases. Sherlock held their tortoise-shell handles excitedly, his knuckles white as he grasped them.
"I knew you sounded familiar," Came the cheeky grin from the other end and Sherlock blushed, sitting in John's chair, twirling the cord like the teenager he was.
"Shh, we can sleep soon, sweetheart, be very, very quiet, and you can have some sweets," She knelt, looking into his innocent blue eyes. He nodded mutely and she pulled his hand along, her heels clacking against the cobblestone pavement, heart beating like a drum in her ears, bond bite aching on her neck.
“Have you written your list?” Sherlock shook his head. John chuckled. “Well, you better hurry so he knows what to bring you!” Sherlock’s eyes grew wide. Mycroft had once found his letter to Santa and burned it in the fireplace, laughing at him as he sat on his chest. The memory made his chest tighten, his breathing starting to go shallow. John sighed and rubbed circles into the back of Sherlock’s coat before opening his door and setting him down in his seat, buckling his seatbelt and pressing a kiss on his forehead, Sherlock’s icy cold nose rubbing on his neck. “Oi! You’re freezing, princess, here I can help,” daddy pressed warm wet kisses all over Sherlock’s face, his boy squirming and squealing beneath him. John grinned and circled to the driver’s side.
"Get out of the linen closet. Now." Sherlock shook his head violently, warm curls flouncing about in the dark of the cupboard.
John Watson will refuse to any and all accounts of him screaming “like a girl”- he was a well grown man, and a very masculine one at that- He does
The air was cool on Sherlock's cheeks as they walked, the constant clacking of the captains shoes a steady rhythm to his heart, the haze of the opium and champagne beginning to clear as he stared at the stars. Their arms remained intertwined, but Sherlock resisted the urge to lean his cheek onto his shoulder, and settled for pretending to be fascinated by their surroundings. Sherlock had never been in this part of town, and there were a few other couples going up and down the pavement, and Sherlock received a couple of catcalling whistles. The captain's scent only grew stronger, safer, and Sherlock drifted closer and closer as they walked.
John peeked open one eye and looked down at the sweet thing in his arms, silver moonlight shining through Sherlock's ringlets of ebony. The omega's eyelashes fluttered, pressed closed, as John brushed his thumbs along pale marble cheekbones, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
"Wait, Mycroft," Sherlock breathed, "did you say this, because Lestrade told you to?" The older alpha paused, breath caught in his throat. He contemplated telling the truth, but changed his mind.
"Don't go, you're strong, please stay, I don't know what's happening, please-"Greg shook his head and tried not to let himself get too emotional about this. Omegas weren't themselves in heat, right? They were desperate for sex, for knots, that's all they could think about, right? Greg might not be an Alpha, but he couldn't deny that Sherlock smelled intoxicating.
I say we keep pressing forward, we're strong enough for a counter-attack at Arras," Mycroft growled, his alpha pulsing through his veins before he stood, rolling his umbrella handle in his fist before leering at the Viscount.
"You said you'd look after me, and I need it now. I'm not an idiot, I read the papers. We both know that we wouldn't win a war with Germany."
"Yes, I know, love, I fly them. And I know a few of the lads up there in the sky, and I know we'll be alright," John smiled with a calm strength, petting his lover's soft and damp hair.
"Sherlock, I- I want to say that I am sorry, for not, appreciating you, cherishing you the way that I should have. I want to give us another chance. I- I've failed you,"
"To Baker street, to my house," John said softly, excitedly, "Oh, I meant to tell you, I've received a letter from a certain 'Uncle Rudy', whomever that is, he's offered us his house for honeymoon, in France," John paused, "but I'm not sure about taking you over there, not these days,"
"For god's sake, I'm not wearing it!" He cried, crossing his arms and closing his knees together, tears threatening the back of his throat. Greg sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
, right. there. It was the size of a bus! It's metal shell shone brilliantly in the sun, and Sherlock had to shield his eyes from the glare.
"Now, we need milk, but it's rather far, so we'll get your fabric first, alright?" She interlocked their elbows and pulled Sherlock along, who groaned but obeyed as they strode down the pavement. "You know, my governess taught us to sew, me and my sister, knitting too. Still have her old button box. Mrs. Turner next door keeps her buttons in a tin. A
"I don't think we could wrestle Sherlock into a dress without physical injury." Greg smirked, to which Sherlock rolled his eyes in a huff.
"No no, Brooks, no need for inane flattery," Brooks opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock nudged him ever-so-discretly, still watching Mycroft in a sort of challenge. "Sherlock, go inside and get changed. Now, before I have to ask you again."
“Of course, darling, you’re perfect.” Sherlock’s whole being filled with pride. Just the inkling of John’s praise and he was over the moon. It was like being made full and whole and calm, his mind slowed and his heart raced. They ate the rest of dinner. Sherlock didn’t eat much, but he loved listening to John talk about his work. Two tours in Afghanistan, started his pharmaceutical and medical research company, then started volunteering with DWB.
"What?" Sherlock looked over, oblivious, he looked nervous, his curls stuck to his forehead with sweat.
"Jawn! You're tickling me! Stop it!" Sherlock pushed away John's chin, fingers resting in the scruffy ginger hair, which had grown out evenly and nicely.
"Thanks," He mumbled, his eyebrows furrowed, nudging Sherlock up. The omega sat up and groaned, missing the warmth already as John stood, ripping open the letter, reading quickly and flipping to the second page before reading it over again. He looked up at Sherlock, and the smaller man shivered. John's eyes glowed with a dark seriousness, apologetic and strong and it was frightening Sherlock, John's scent had changed.
"Oh, thank you, thank you so much, dear chap, here," John went gave the man some money, who shook his head and tipped his hat as he pulled Sherlock and their picnic out of the car. The car pulled away and Marie came waddling out of the door. She smelled them halfway there.
"Does this count as a birthday present?" Sherlock whispered as he nuzzled into John's neck, arousal dampening beneath him as he breathed in the musky goodness of an alpha beginning his rut. It was a bit of a source of pride to be able to get John there out of heat.
"Would be a shame if you'd miss out, wouldn't you say?" John panted,  laughing heartily at the betrayed expression on Sherlock's face. Sherlock huffed and pouted. Delicate pale fingers gripped tight to the smooth, dampened skin of John's shoulders as John held them both above water.
“Christ, Sherlock, are you insane?!” Sherlock was confused, his eyebrows furrowed and his eyes wide.
The unsaid fact that Mycroft considered Sherlock's mind the only one second to his own was practically dripping through his words and Sherlock almost felt- something. But this was Mycroft, not John or Janine or Mrs. Hudson. He did not deserve anything so arduous on Sherlock's account as feelings.
"Mrs. H put it together before we left. I told her not to, that we weren't trying yet, but she got so excited to have you around," John paused to adress the woman who came around to ask if they wanted tea, then turned and pressed a kiss to his lover's hair. "She's never had pups,"
"Be careful, love, just in case there's two of you," John mumbled, not even thinking about it, his face flushing when he realized what he'd slipped. The air filled with tension, and Sherlock got up, dressing gown swinging around him as he stomped into his room. John pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, feeling horrible inside.
her. His workmates had smiled when he said he wouldn't be taking Thursdays off anymore; how brave she must be, how smart you two are, she'll be just fine. But it wasn't fine, was it?
“Of course, Ross, the King’s wedding is an important day, and you are one of his close friends.” She nodded towards Strange. “So I see they hired a wizard for my party?” He smirked and shook his head.
"Open your eyes, darling, let me look at you," John whispered, voice hot and dark and gravely in his ear, and Sherlock instantly obeyed, he hadn't even noticed that John was straddling him, hands on the bed on either side of his face, head dipped low, nibbling kisses to his neck. Hell, he hadn't even noticed that his shirt was missing! John bit down a bit, but Sherlock didn't move. His eyes were fixed securely on the ceiling, and they were lined with tears. John's alpha growled at him,
"f-fine," He said softly after a moment, swallowing thickly and trying not to tremble. John smelled so good, so safe and warm and powerful and his omega wanted to curl into his arms, to be protected.
Sherlock bit his lip and Alan groaned, setting his glasses on his desk and lacing his fingers together- as if Sherlock was a child in over his head.
, and it felt so squishy, his own flesh was foreign to him as he pinched at his thighs. He swallowed, checked his breathing. He was alright. Dizzy, sleepy, but alright. He could breathe. He'd be alright. The door creaked open and Sherlock froze, eyes still pressed shut. There was rustling, and a shift in the weight of the bed, before John's scent grew stronger and stronger.
"We could always try," John grinned, hands rubbing down low along Sherlock's back, "Now go on, darling, you know what to do," The omega blushed and reached down to unzip John, only partially prepared to see his cock already purpling hard, thick and veiny and oh god how did that really fit inside of him? John grasped his thighs with strong callused fingers and turned him around, one hand straying up to rest on his throat as he rolled on a condom (conveniently stashed in his pocket) and positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance.
"Hi," John grinned, hand resting gently atop his omega's stomach, the darkness around them fading into oblivion.
"He's not here, he sent a car." Sherlock swallowed the tears that were burning in his throat. All that time, he was in here being tortured and Mycroft was
"I-" Sherlock paused, a knot of something nervous and mournful in his throat, "I need to think," John smiled, wide and warm and glowing, filling Sherlock with light, brushing his thumb across his knee once more, squeezing a bit before returning to his cup and saucer.
"I'm Sherlock," He said softly, eyes glowing as the man looked down the sheet. The Alpha looked up at him with a smug grin.
cold. Time went by slowly, and Sherlock strained to hear daddy’s movements-shivering something horrible. It felt like hours before the door creaked open.
"Hope to see you again, Sherlock!" The girl cried after him and Sherlock's cheeks flared crimson. He looked to Mrs. Hudson with eyes full of shock.
Mycroft paused. This was where Gregory hung up the phone, but he didn't. The Alpha swallowed thickly, leaning forward on his elbows, tongue heavy in his mouth.
,” John growled, giving the man a hard stare, to which he scoffed, winking at Sherlock and heading away. Sherlock kept his eyes on the ground. He felt dirty. And not in the good way. Not good at all. John leaned in and whispered sternly, “Get your things, we’re leaving. Now.” Sherlock nodded quickly, rushing to retrieve their coats. When he returned, John gripped his wrist and pulled him away, dragging him along in front of everyone, causing Sherlock to turn beet red with embarrassment.
," John grunted as he stripped of his trousers quickly, eager cock bobbing against his abdomen as Sherlock's needy fingers tugged at his shirt buttons.The omega eagerly opened his knees and angled his hips upward, his body desperate for relief now, the pains beginning in his tummy.
Something was wrong, he could feel it. He felt as if his skin were being shred from his body in strips, and he let out a shaky breath through his nose, his curls drenched in seawater and sweat. This wasn't heat, it wasn't- this was an attack, his body suddenly overwhelmed with waves of emotion and panic- a familiar smell barely filtering into his nostrils. But it couldn't be, it couldn't.
"Shh, darling, we can talk about this later, just, hold onto me and take a deep breaths, you're almost done, you'll be alright, you're so good, Sherlock, you're mine, and you're alright, you're safe with me, darling, it'll all be alright soon..."
Mrs. Hudson smiled softly to herself as she lit candles in 221b, reaching up over the mantle and humming a few Christmas carols, her hip's ache dull as this was her favourite day of the year. London was frozen, chilled to the bone and Martha wrapped her shawl around her shoulders, shuffling her feet towards the hearth, which crackled with a permeating, soft warmth.
"Never seen a slick in uniform before!" The other man laughed, as if this were comedic gold, and Sherlock flushed, eyes dropping to his feet as he continued his work.
"Jaawwn!" Sherlock groaned, writhing on the bed, feeling the beginnings of slick between his legs. He caught his breath, tears running down his face, "Jawn I- I- I don't, I've never-" Sherlock whispered, shaking his head, sweaty curls slapping against his skin.
Then there was a shout above decks, that horrible roar of a plane overhead, and John looked up briefly before there was a flash of light. The world lurched forward, the explosion flooding the cabin with darkness water in an instant, and John could barely cry, "SHERLOCK!" before everything went black.
Sherlock yawned groggily as he awoke, stre-e-etching out under the covers before poking his head out to the outside world. The bedroom was dimly lit by the strand of fairy lights daddy had strung around the headboard. A sweet blush filled his cheeks at the thought of them...he glanced at his wrists- still indented with glorious little marks. He flopped back on the bed with a sigh, head turning to glance at the door. He fluffed his cloud of midnight locks and threw his legs over the bed. He stumbled his way down the hall and to the sitting room. Daddy had a record on and was in the kitchen, doing something that looked a lot like work. Sherlock grinned and snuck up behind him, wrapping around his muscular chest, poking his nose into his shoulder and inhaling.
“No, It was your father’s car-rich father, summer holidays in the country? You come from money. Family estate.” John’s mouth was slightly agape and Sherlock’s face flushed. God, he was such a clot. Once he started smarting off, nobody wanted to be around him. But John only smiled. He chuckled.
"Where's my brother? I want to see my brother." Sherlock looked with wide eyes to the door, budging off the table.
Sherlock gasped, his heart racing, sheets a dampened straitjacket around his body, skin a sticky mess of sweat. He fought and kicked and escaped, rolling onto the floor, groaning and shivering. He shut his eyes, clenched his fists and exhaled deeply, he was in control. He was in control. He was in control.
John positioned himself and slowly worked the bulbous tip in, Sherlock wriggling on his knees, elbows buckling, attempting to push back into it more. "Ah-Ah, I decide, darling, you just sit back and think of England," All at once, Sherlock giggled, more than a bit delirious at the relief of John inside of him. John furrowed his eyebrows and smiled, leaning in to Sherlock's ear, his own cheeks flushed, "you can't giggle while we're fucking, it's not decent,"
"I didn't want it to hurt! I didn't want..." Sherlock mumbled, tears flowing free, arms hanging limp at his sides. "I didn't want to hurt," He whispered, his conscious mind slipping as the drug took it's effects. John closed his eyes and growled even lower and louder, the omega trembling and whimpering, cowering in fear. "m'sorry, Jawn, don't hurt me, please, you can still have me, I won't fight, please Jawn, I won't fight back I won't-"
"It won't be an issue," Sherlock said glumly, once proud of Mycroft's words, now just slightly insulted. "Do give my love to Lestrade,"
"The girls and I are going dancing, to celebrate, be dressed in ten minutes," She swung on her heel and giggled, and Janine turned, clapping excitedly and pulling a stubborn Sherlock off the cot and wiping away his stray tears.
“Can’t tell you.” Sherlock mumbled, leaning into daddy’s arm, legs dangling over the side of daddy’s lap. John laughed and nodded.
The shutter clicked and Sherlock gasped. His eyes flashed up to his own in the reflection, timid and amorous and his skin glowed diaphanous with the remnants of his enjoyment.
Soon he was wrapped in a towel, kind calloused hands pulling a shirt over his arms, putting his feet into pajamas and pulling them up. Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but no words came.
"I'm sorry, Master," Sherlock whispered, eyes averted, lip stinging. Not enough, he thought. Clearly it wasn't enough if he never learned his lesson!
"It is! It is that simple, you do it all the time, people get new positions offered all the time, for all sorts of reasons, and-"
"I'm not a child!" Sherlock seethed, turning on his heel, hands clenched into fists, his cheeks flushed with anger. "I love you, you idiot! And I don't love anybody else. Doesn't that matter to you?!" He pressed his palms against John's chest. John glared at him and grabbed his wrists, holding them tight in his dry, callused hands, Sherlock wriggling beneath them, lips pressed together in a pout.
Hugh grumbled, looking down at Alan with a snarl, before thinking better of ripping off his colleague's head and nodding, giving Sherlock's shoulder a second stomach churning squeeze and whispering conspiratorially, "All bark, no bite,"
for sex with you, I could never do that to you, love, you're far too important," John's eyes were glowing with concern and regret, "You are not a whore, Sherlock, you're not cheap, not in the slightest." Sherlock sputtered, his mind spinning and his heart continuing to plummet in his chest.
"Am I doing the right thing?" He whispered, his entire body numb, eyes locked on his shiny brown leather shoes. Mrs. Hudson tutted and pat his cheek.
," Sherlock chided, crawling gracefully onto the fire escape, kicking the ladder down and descending hurriedly, quiet as a mouse.
eyes seemed to stare back at him, his hands felt so disgusting and dirty and unworthy to touch, he let go immediately, and Sherlock backed up, eyes wide, tripping on the metal steps, and John belatedly realized
"Where is it? What have you taken?!" Sherlock whimpered and weakly pointed to the bedside table. John kept one hand on Sherlock's nape to keep him steady, and with the other opened the drawer, his heart sinking in his chest. He pulled out the vial and read the label in dismay.
," John whispered, his eyes glowing and his lips turned into a smile, "I am so proud of you, God, I was so worried, Sherlock, I thought you'd gone off me," John whispered, pulling his omega's fingers to his lips, eyes crinkling in a sad smile.
"No, that's my sister," Mr. Carmichael bit back a comment to the colorfulness of the Watson family- with a female alpha
to tea next week, as he's already completed the first step of courtship, and I believe that it's the fourteenth of February, an arduous holiday in my opinion."
The solicitors office was dark and musty, books lining the shelves and the air heavy with smoke. John grimaced, his left hand spasming like mad as he sat in the waiting room, memories of pipe tobacco and smoke and-
"Whenever I have bad dreams, I make my nan's chocolate biscuits, also, if I'm not mistaken, your time is coming up, so it's a double batch this morning," She smiled and Sherlock bit his lip. He hadn't even thought about his heat. His eyes wandered to the calendar over her shoulder. Let's see, if his last heat was on the 11th, one month, two months, fuck! He grumbled and threw his head down in a dramatic sigh, curls brushing on the bench.
," Sherlock could've melted at the praises as daddy mercilessly fucked his mouth, pounding into the back of his throat, Sherlock having to focus and control his reflexes, to stay calm as he choked.
"For those of you who are new, this is Captain Moran, you don't have to salute him, but it's courteous," The alpha smiled and gave them a nod, his eyes fixated on Sherlock. The omega blushed, a shiver running down his spine as a thick, masculine woody scent filtered through his nose, his body tensing at the smell of an Alpha. Sebastian smirked a bit when he noticed the rather adorable blush on those pale, sharp cheekbones, raking his eyes over his tiny, gangly form. God, this boy should be illegal.
Sherlock glared and turned, checking the clock for himself. It was indeed 5:30. When did that happen? He looked to the windows, which were indeed billowing with dusty warm light. Shit, John hadn't come home? At 5:30 in the morning? The syringe hid the frown that fought at the corners of his mouth. He shook his head and pulled the plunger syringe up in his urine sample, before finding a suitable patch in her ivory fur, estimating the muscle structure beneath and injecting quickly and cleanly, ignoring the little wriggle beneath his hand. Mrs. H put a hand over her mouth and gasped and Sherlock gave Bluebell a pat.
"You're a bit warm, love, are you feeling alright?" Sherlock nodded, tucking his nose into his neck, legs wrapped around his middle.
A male to male Alpha beta relationship was, rather rare, not unheard of, but certainly not between an Earl and a bobby for fucks sake! Greg should've turned around, should've broken it off long ago, he thought. But he couldn't help but follow his ruddy stupid, lovesick feet all the way down the pavement to Padington Station, and then to Sherinford.
"You're an omega," Alan gasped suddenly, his head tilted to the side, as if he couldn't see this clearly. Sherlock swallowed and clenched his hands into fists, his cheeks pounding with blood and his eyes wide. "I can just barely catch it, how can this be?"
”I know darling,” John pet his sides, smiling warmly, heart swollen with adoration for his boy. “You’re alright, you’re mine,
Sherlock stirred, eyes fluttering open as he awoke, coming to inside a cocoon of warm bronzed skin. He poked his head up, curls flopping about as he looked down at his Alpha, who was quite asleep, dark circles beneath his eyes and a weary stubble on his chin.
His seed began to surge into his omega, by insticts alone, he growled, pressing Sherlock down by his back and shoving forward his knot, squeezing through, his bullocks finally pressed completely to Sherlock's arse. Sherlock screamed, his eyes watering,
"Touch my-" Sherlock blushed even deeper, the tips of his ears looked as if he'd been dipped upside down in a can of red paint.
"Today we celebrate the presentation of the youngest child of the late Alpha Siger Holmes, brother to the Lord Mycroft Holmes, seventeenth Earl of Sherinford..." Sherlock didn't pay much attention as the kind looking priest went through the formal proceedings, he instead watched his brother intently- he looked so much older than he had just yesterday. Sherlock shuffled on his knees, picking at the thorns of his flower. Sherlock went silently in his head over the motions he had to recite, and was distracted before the priest gently tapped his shoulder.
"Christ! Oh Christ, bloody hell Sherlock," John keened, grasp tightening in his curls. John was just about there...like going up the front half of a rollercoaster..."Sherlock you can't seriously be humming
in this wretched house, I have to escape!" Sherlock closed his eyes and ignored his mother's presence after he ascertained she'd be no help to his plight.
Mycroft gripped tight to Sherlock's hand, icy eyes melting for just a moment, before speaking, "I do," He pressed a hand to Sherlock's shoulder, whose knees hit the floor with a thump, his ears glaring crimson in embarrassment. Mycroft took the set of keys from his pocket, and with Sherlock's wrists in one hand, he handed both to John, who grasped Sherlock's wrist, warm and callused fingers rubbing a circle there, eyes apologetic and somewhat disgusted as he gripped the keys in his hand.
"He was murdered, foxhounds. The dogs were given something of the mothers, that's why she's the worst mauled, she was running away, she was trying to escape her Alpha, who would rather she be dead than out of his control, so go on and arrest him, Sergeant."
“That’s right, kitty, we’re moving! New house, new friends,” husband? Partner? Sorcerer supreme? He smiled and snuggled Marty closer, locking the door on his way out. The taxi back to the sanctum was leisurely, giving Marty the occasional pet and ignoring the drivers glares because Martin wasn’t in his kennel. Everett missed his apartment, even though his Brooklyn residence, quite spacious and financed by the good old US of A, was kinda dodgy in comparison to a Manhattan mansion filled with priceless ancient artifacts. They pulled up to 177a and Ross paid the driver quickly. He opened the door, Strange lounging on the stairs, head flopped back in boredom. His eyes shot open and he jumped to his feet, hands outstretched, his eyebrows lifted in surprise.
John mmed, pressing a kiss to his forehead, their bodies still locked together in a warm embrace. John reached to pull the blanket over them, cacooning them together in a little hiding place.
"I'm Sherlock," He choked, lungs dry and weak as he coughed a bit into his sleeve before looking up worriedly.
The german grinned, his riffle held in his hands, approaching the vehicle that had crashed up ahead.
He slammed his fist to the worktop and keened, shoving his notes and papers to the ground. Why did John have to be such an idiot?! He could be home, he could be safe, but for some godforsaken reason he wasn't. He was out there and he could die when he had every reason not to.
"Is it about John? Is he hurting you, Sherlock?" Greg reached out and grabbed Sherlock's wrist as he reached for the basket. Sherlock growled and wrenched his wrist away, hitting Greg on the arm with all his might.
"He's six years old, the chances of a Holmes male presenting omega alone, along with presenting so young are astronomical at best-" Mycroft was filled with a sudden dread, a chill that ran along his spine and settled in a grimace on his face. Familial bonding or what have you, but the alpha in his blood
I'm not going to 'get on with it'," John unzipped his trousers, tugging them down to his knees as he pulled them both down to the floor, straddling Sherlock and grasping his face with both hands as their teeth clacked together awkwardly, their limbs shuffling before Sherlock was finally lying flat and John was on his knees, their erections brushing together with electric sparks. Sherlock let out a whine, pushing his hips up and grinding them together.
Sherlock accepted this and leaned his head on John's shoulder, the rhythmic chuffing of the wheels on the tracks lulled him to sleep (he was still rather weak from last night) and John pet his hair idly, wrapping a single curl around his finger and letting it spring back, falling into a repetition, his mind wandering away from him.
"I knew what he was doing, Jawn, but I couldn't- I didn't try hard enough- and now she's gone, and it's
"It's only mummy needs an extra chair at dinner- we're trying to find someone suitable for Sherlock, and I could use reinforcments," Greg smiled and looked around before whispering into the mouthpiece of the phone.
"They all close at 11," John flicked his wrist up and smiled down at his watch. "It's close to midnight now, so it's all ours." Sherlock's mouth sat slightly agape as he took in the decorated room- empty punch bowl and cigarette butts all over the floor, crumpled cocktail napkins lying abandoned and disheveled. It was a strange kind of magic that only the cleaners saw.
"Oh, sorry love, I'll only be a minute," John smiled as he pulled the safety razor down his chin. Sherlock watched intently. Omegas were quite hairless besides their heads, and Sherlock had never shaved in life.
"Right, I'll tell the doctor to have a come around, you just keep him calm for now," The nurse gave Sherlock a pat and toodled off, and Sherlock groaned, his face clammy and cold.
"I can help you with your luggage, sir," She smiled, he swallowed nervously and held his suitcases closer.
Anderson pulled his helmet off and looked to Greg with a paled expression. Greg only gave him a reassuring smile. Phillip was young, he didn't remember. This had all happened before, and England would be just fine. He'd only been a child when his father died, but his mother said he'd been a hero. War turned ordinary men into heroes, their sons into orphans. Hitler better be frightened, that bastard. Greg turned to the small framed photo of Emelia on his desk and swallowed thickly. He would do anything, anything, to keep her safe. He looked around the station, counting how many of them he expected to lose in the draft, how many were reservists, and sighed, scratching the back of his neck and keeping his face stoic and calm. It would be alright.
It was warm and sweet and sickeningly perfect. Sherlock hummed beneath the alpha's lips, eliciting a deep growl that sent shivers down his entire body, a tingly glow that settled beneath his legs as John's arms traced his back. John pulled Sherlock's plush bottom lip between his teeth, claiming it, claiming his whole mouth. Sherlock was weak in the knees, barely standing,
"This is not a toy gun, Mr. Holmes, nor is it another medal for you to pin on your uniform. The privileges you enjoy outside of this room have nothing to with you inside of it, am I clear?"
Greg could only nod mutely, swallowing thickly and turning to get on it before he remembered the baby. Sherlock quickly snapped off his gloves and cradled his arms, Greg gratefully depositing Emilia into his arms, who stirred, not liking the new scent, especially the smell of an Alpha who wasn't hers.
"Oh, Sherlock, what's the matter darling?" John soothed, kneeling down in front of the trembling sixteen year old. Sherlock could claim it was the scent. Yes, it was that bloody alpha scent that made him leap into John's arms, tuck his nose into his neck. But, that wasn't exactly true, was it?
"See, you're all safe, darling, just listen to me breathing, like this," John sucked a deep breath, and Sherlock sputtered and tried to do the same, "That's it, that's it, I know you're scared,"
"What?" Janine smiled and tugged his arm, "I need a drink," Sherlock let himself be dragged along to the bar as Janine got some whiskey or something, knocking it back and grinning, turning her attention to the men leaning against the wall to their left.
Nope. No, don't even think about that, Sherlock. He shuddered, clenching his eyes shut and staring down into the cup of tea that smelled papery and weak, and bitter without his usual sugar, but he drank it anyways, swallowing it down and trying not to think about it. He wanted to vomit. No, no he couldn't tell John. He had lied, manipulated. There was no way in hell that would go down without something horrible. John would either kill him or leave him, and he honestly didn't know which of those he'd prefer.
“Alright, good, that’s good. Wouldn’t want my puppy to get lost, hmm?” Sherlock was very suddenly and horribly aroused at the thought. To be owned, cherished, kept. Sherlock nodded and bit his lip. “I’ll have to get a new tag,” John unclipped the previous sub’s name and examined the collar. “Come here, boy,” John patted the inside of his thigh and Sherlock fell to his knees between John’s legs, hands on his knees, pale neck exposed, mop of curls brushing on his bleary cheeks. “This collar shows that you are
"I haven't told Arthur yet, so don't say anything," She smiled to herself as she worked, her stray hand drifting to her apron-covered stomach. Sherlock almost gagged.
"And you're sure they're up to it? Didn't you just get two new volunteers?" He gave her a look and Louise wasn't having it.
"Oh, now see, you're a whole different person about him," Greg's eyes  glowed with sadness. "I know that you love him, but I don't think he does,"
"Such a dirty boy, bet you touched yourself like this every night in your bunk, didn't you?" Sherlock whined, crossing his legs and his toes curling, a dribble of slick puckering around his cloaca, "those poor other omegas didn't know what to think of you- moaning and yipping, begging for me,"
"I'm not, like other omegas, I don't like painting or decorating or cooking...I've never fancied anyone,"
That did it. Sherlock couldn't hold back his sobs, waves of agony that rolled through him, knuckles turning white, eyes clenched shut, tears running in rivers down his cheeks. He needed to be quiet,
Sherlock sliced his pen across the words, his hand shaking. He looked out the window, it was dark, the first traces of daylight just beginning to sprinkle through the thick darkened clouds. A new day peeking over the horizon of chimneys and rooftops. He let the pen drop onto the desk, pulling the letter into his hands and crumpling it into a ball before shoving it onto the floor. He pulled out a second sheet and rubbed at his itchy, now horribly short head of hair.
"There must be. There must be something you can do." Sherlock gestured to his papers, indicating his high position in government. "When you go to London tomorrow, take me with you, we'll go see the doctor, she can fix me." Sherlock smiled hopefully, his plan made perfect sense! Sherlock's smile faltered as his brother simply looked back down at his papers, ignoring him entirely. Not a flinch. Sherlock balled his fists, his cheeks flushed with frustration. Anger bubbled in his tummy, it wasn't right. People shouldn't get to do that, to hurt anybody else. He burst into raging tears, leaping across the room to shove a stack of papers to the floor. Mycroft stood tall and angry, glaring down at him.
"You could say that," Sherlock eyed the door where John and Mycroft were no doubt sharing laughs about his nakedness.
"amusez-vous, les garçons! à la française!" Marie giggled and waved them off as they walked down the dusty road arm in arm. John waved back with a furrowed brow.
“N-no, ’sokay daddy,” He mumbled into his shoulder as daddy carried him back to the sitting room. He settled them both on the sofa and clicked on the television.
"Mine," John growled, if only by instinct, before pressing his lips to Sherlock's, the mop of chocolatey curls tucked into his elbow, dipping Sherlock back. The crowd went nuts, and Greg hushed them back, blushing a bit himself.
"Boss! She's alive, sir, call an ambulance!" Greg examined her wounds, which upon further inspections weren't as deep as the others, and were still plushing with scarlet. He ripped off his scarf and wrapped it around her middle to apply pressure, pulling her into his arms, as nothing appeared broken. She let out a solid cry now, coming into consciousness.
"I'm afraid you cannot, but this was included for you," The Captain grinned as he pulled out a sealed envelope and Sherlock took it in shaking fingers.
“D-addy, I’m close daddy, yellow! yellow! it's too much, daddy!” He whispered, wrists squirming in his bonds, hair dripping with sweat, tears soaking through his blindfold. John hushed him gently, pressing a firm hand on his glowing milky back.
“Sherlock,” He groaned, “How did you get on the roof of our building at-” He glanced at the clock, “6:30 in the ruddy morning?” Sherlock smiled shyly.
Sherlock leaned his elbows against the bar, head thrown back in boredom. He hated stupid parties like this. He eyed John, who was speaking to a circle of older men, sipping brandy. The absolute only perk to this engagement was John in his full dress uniform. Sherlock bit his lip subconsciously at the thought.
Sherlock leaned his head against the rail as he sat on the terrace, legs dangling into the warm Mediterranean air, a sweet citrus smell filling his lungs as he watched the rolling hills of countryside and listened to sweet chirping of birds somewhere far away. The switch from London to Monaco was going from black and white newsreels to technicolor films, and Sherlock sighed satedly. There was no Mycroft here. No expectations. No stupid parties or rules or ceremony. Just the sun hanging low in the sky and the trees and the sea.
"Alright, I'm ready," Sherlock sighed as he flopped down the stairs and met Mrs. Hudson at the door, she fussed and split his hair to the side, licking her hand and slicking it across. She stepped over the threshold and Sherlock pulled the door closed. She pulled her basket up on her arm and smiled.
"So, you're an omega, huh?" She leaned up on her side and beamed at him, and Sherlock nodded shyly, pulling his knees to his chest. "Pity, you're rather handsome." Sherlock's lips quirked into a smile and he laid back, looking up at the ceiling.
"No, keep that on until we're back. It's chilly and damp, where are those self-preservation instincts?"
"I won't bite you, little thing, just have a little bit of fun, huh? Or are you not that kind of boy?" Thomas whispered in his ear, breath hot and foul smelling. "Because I think you're oh-so naughty..." Sherlock gasped as Thomas was pulled off of him, the redheaded man growling in frustration, turning to leer his canines at whomever was usurping his territory. Sherlock's eyes pinched closed, heart racing, his cheeks flushing a deep crimson- the smell of two alphas in conflict sending involuntary shivers and shakes through him.
“That’s not a cat, Everett,” Ross smirked and looked down at Martin, who was looking calmly up at him. Ross ruffled his fur and smiled. Stephen stuttered, “Where did you get that?”
"Sherlock?" Greg paused, knocking on the door, and swinging it open "John's outside, is everything alright?"
“Get dressed, Sherlock, we’ve got a case.” Sherlock smiled and scampered off to his room. John sat back on his heels, satisfied. Happy to take care of his puppy. After about a minute he sighed and made his way to their room, planting hands on his hips as Sherlock stared down his dresser drawer. “Need some help?” Sherlock’s head spun around and he nodded. John stood behind him and picked out his trousers, turning to the bureau and pulling out his purple button down and a black suit jacket. Sherlock quickly got dressed with the offered kit. He stood in front of John once he was dressed, presenting himself with his arms open slightly, eyes searching John’s for approval. John chuckled and nodded, pointing with his eyes to the door.
"Too far," John breathed as he continued to kiss along Sherlock's chin, down his throat and resting on his clavicle as he unbuttoned his shirt. "Arm chair?" Sherlock only grumbled and John smiled, grasping him by the waist and attacking his lips, sucking and biting and tugging on the soft pink skin as he flopped down into the chair. Sherlock straddled him, and John grinned as Sherlock began to kiss back, gentle and sweet and innocent, plush little arse wiggling on John's lap as Sherlock began to get wet, dribbling onto John's trouser legs.
"To love," He glowed, thumb brushing over Sherlock's scent gland, sending him into shivers, "cherish, and to protect form harm,"
"Love, you can't do this to yourself," Janine knelt next to him, pulling him into a tight hug. "Now there's roast and Agatha is going to eat all of it if we don't stop her," Sherlock bit back a smile, looking up at his friend and swiping at the tears that drizzled down his cheeks.
"John's not here, is he?" Sherlock snapped and sucked in another drag and closed his eyes. The elderly woman paused and crossed her arms, still watching with a sly smile.
He roughly replaced his tongue with two fingers, Sherlock squealing at the sudden intrusion, bucking his backwards against the rough callused skin that stretched at his sopping entrance, his cock begging for attention.
He straightened his shoulders, tightening his jaw in a firm stare before marching to follow them into the corridor.
British Government, leaning his head on his shoulder, shock of chestnut hair brushing against his neck.
“Marty?” Everett called sing-songy as he turned the key to his apartment, stepping in and being overwhelmed with how empty it felt. “Marty I’m home,” Ross sighed and went into his bedroom, tossing his clothes into a suitcase.
"Yeah well, I'm not looking for anything too serious," she whispered and Sherlock blushed a bit prudishly. "It's just dancing,
“Okay, are we ready ‘Lock?” John called from the light switch, hovering, his little boy covering their scrawny tree with ornaments, a few of them homemade from tongue depressors and crayons. Sherlock turned and gave him a thumbs up, nibbling his lip excitedly. He switched his weight from one foot to the other, standing nervously in his pyjamas. “Alright, 3...2...1…” John flicked the switch and their little Christmas shrub lit up, along with the strands of lights across the fireplace and the wall. Sherlock gasped, his brilliant blue eyes glowing in the warm lights. John chuckled and scooped him up, setting him on his hip and kissing his cheek. “What’ya think, kitten?”
"Thanks," Sherlock mumbled around the cigarette, still looking away, letting out puff of smoke into the chilly morning air, watching it fade into the fog.
Sherlock swallowed nervously, leaning forward, duffel held tight in his hand as they approached the big red brick building.
Mycroft gasped, quite suddenly ripped from his thoughts as his phone rang with intensity, practically shaking the desk it was so insistent.
He blinked sleepily, a wave of uneasiness filling him. Heat! He was in heat. Shit! Shit! John...John was going to...His mind was fuzzy and he loathed it. Loathed his body and it's stupid chemicals and his stupid brother and...and...Tears welled in his eyes as he fought it.
“Come along, buddy, let’s go pick out a tree,” He pulled Sherlock by the hand out of the flat. Sherlock mumbled under his breath, eyes on the floor. “Speak up, love,”
John was knackered. Not since that outbreak of malaria back in Calcutta had the good doctor been so off his feet. The clinic was packed, and he was frightfully late for dinner. His shoes clacked against the pavement as he strode up Baker Street, giving the cafe owner a nod before turning his key and stepping in, his hat and coat on the rack. Mrs. Hudson was out, if the shut door and missing hat were anything to be going on, and John climbed the stairs like it was the final hundred yards up Everest. A ribbon of black smoke met his nose and he rushed up the rest, pushing open the door to find the flat quite smoked.
Sherlock whimpered as his hips thrust of their own accord, his hands flailing to find John's shoulders, soaking wet curls slapping against his forehead. The Alpha roared as he pressed the tip of his thick, dripping cock inside of him, the omega's legs kicking forward a bit in response to the welcome intrusion.
“It-It-It’s perfect daddy,” Sherlock whispered in shock, eyes glued to the glowing lights, his heart thumping fast. His eyes welled up with tears, threatening to spill over. John noticed and brushed his cheeks with his thumb, smiling kindly.
Drinks were already a nightmare. Greg rubbed his arm and looked at his watch. It had only been 15 minutes- he could've sworn it'd been hours. A terse exchange of "you're Mykie's friend?" "a policeman? Well that's charming." and that was it. Greg was frightfully dull, he decided. He liked lager more than brandy, he smoked cigarettes not cigars, and he'd had to borrow tails from Mycroft- and the shoulders were a smidge too narrow, the middle far to large. Violet hadn't mentioned it, but her appraising up-n-down look had put him in his place the moment he had entered the room. She was scary- for an omega she carried such a lore and respect, everyone was a bit afraid of her.
"What is your interest in Sherlock Holmes?" Mycroft said, the end of his cigarette glowing bright orange as he inhaled the lovely smoke. John raised his eyebrows and put his right hand in his trouser pocket.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered, eyes saucers as he looked over his arms, "I- I didn't mean it, I don't hate you. Not at all." John's lips quirked, but he nodded.
Sherlock awoke slowly, soft warm light filtering through windows. He fluttered his eyes open and sat up dreamily. He didn’t remember at first where he was- but memories of the night before came quickly, he was surrounded by the sweet smell of
"Oh, hello," The Alpha leered, and Greg gave him a harsh look, the chubby greasy man only raising his eyebrows, his pheromones reeking in the air.
"sweet dreams, Sherlock," Sherlock blushed and rolled over, leaning up and kissing daddy's cheek softly.
"Sherl," He looked up quickly to see Janine staring at him, with something between sadness and worser still, pity in her deep brown eyes. Sherlock held back a snap and lifted his fingers from his neck. "Sherl, does John know you're here? I saw your mail, it had a woman's name on it, I wasn't spying I promise," Sherlock hung his head and shook it, missing the way his hair would brush his ears when he did that.
All comments and critiques are welcomed and appreciated! I'm having loads of fun with this story, thank you for reading!
"I pledge myself to you, brother, to honour, respect and obey you, under your house and hands," Sherlock presented his flower to his brother shakily, the gesture representing the surrender of his body. His brother closed Sherlock's hands around the flower, shaking his head, to represent the refusal of a bond. The elder Holmes smiled slightly, brushing a hand through Sherlock's curls, watching his tiny little brother's wide silvery eyes, glowing green and blue.
"You know I'm going to the shops today if you'd like to come, love?" She smiled, pulling off her gloves and sitting next to him, chin resting on her hand.
The organ's tune changed, and the Vicar gave everyone a little wave, and soon the abbey stood, turning to the door to see the bride. John's throat burned with nerves and love and so many things he couldn't possibly describe.
"Oh good. Had me worried for a moment, go on then, love, it's right through there," She pointed to a set of double doors and Sherlock bit his lip, trying his hardest not to be himself. How he wanted to give that woman a real tongue lashing, how her beta husband was cheating with at least three omegas, two male, if the scent of heat was anything to be going on. He turned and pushed open the door, revealing three benches, glass beakers and flasks, burners, goggles, bottles labeled with all sorts of chemical names along shelves to the left, a periodic table to the right. Sherlock already had memorized it, there was a picture of each element in Mycroft's old book, which he knew by heart.
"Oh, yes, Martin," Mycroft smiled tersely at the older servant, "Could you look in on Sherlock, I think he's due for, his, well you know," Mycroft coughed, uncomfortable speaking openly about omega issues. Martin nodded and looked concernedly up the staircase.
Sherlock's breathing was heavy. In. Out. In. Out. Don't be so weak, don't be so weak! The plane fell, his stomach lurching, his heart stopping. He let out a squeak through his nostrils and pressed his eyes shut.
Why the hell was he feeling regret? Mycroft was not his family, he was the enemy. His archenemy, in fact. The loathsome, snarling, disgusting Alpha he regrettably shared 50% of his genetic material with. But as Sherlock felt his footfalls through the floorboards, his chest felt tight. He grumbled and flopped down onto his armchair, unceremoniously rubbing his neck across the back, covering up that horrific smell. Mrs. Hudson gave him a sympathetic look from the doorway and he only shrugged, watching out of the corner of his eye as his brother slid into the back of a sleek Rolls Royce.
"Sherlock, please, don't make a fuss. I'm happy, I really am. You'll be happy too, someday, and then you can write to me and apologize for making a fuss about this." Sherlock grimaced and shook his head.
"Lovely," John smiled, "so tell me about your courses, love," Sherlock swallowed, shuffling about so he was leaning against the wall, tapping the base of the microscope with his toe.
"Would you dance with me, Sherlock?" John said softly to his hand, breath warm and sweet and sending a shiver on the skin of his knuckles. The omega swallowed thickly, lip quivering ever so slightly, trembling under the soft gaze of the alpha's amorous eyes.
"I said," John whispered, eyes dark as their foreheads touched, his eyebrows furrowing slightly, "Do you trust me?" Sherlock's breath hitched as his eyes flickered over John, they were so close he was a bit cross-eyes trying to look him in the eyes. Sherlock let out a shaky breath, dripping inky curls plastered to his forehead.
The maid left briskly, the door slamming shut behind her, the dead bolt snapping shut. Sherlock realized there wasn't a handle on this side, and he rolled off the bed, collapsing onto the floor in a heap before crawling to the door. He searched for a handle, or something to open it. Nothing. Fear was thumping through his veins as he sat against the cool metal, sweat still pouring off his locks and onto his shirt collar. His eyes flickered over the windows. There weren't any, he realized.
Sherlock was shaking, violent tremors filling him as he stood in the washroom of the nursery. He double checked the lock. Secure. His fingers clenched tightly around the pair of scissors, the metal handles rubbing a bit of rust on his palms. His shorts, braces, socks and pants were abandoned in a heap by his feet, and he was clad only in his button down, watching himself in the mirror. He flipped another page in the book that lay open on the sink.
I promise more angst and smuttiness next chapter!!! i'm just in a wretched mood lately, but I promise it'll get better
He sputtered, looking to Mycroft frantically, his brother only fixing him with a tight stare, unfeeling, placid and grey. Sherlock shivered and began to speak, very softly.
"Sherlock!" He cried, holding his handkerchief to his nose, coughing and finding his husband at the windows, struggling to get the latch open. "Jesus Sherlock, are you trying to burn the flat down?" John cried, pulling his gasping lover to the floor, sitting him down on the rug where there was less smoke before attending the windows. Sherlock's hair was mustled, and he too looked rather done-in himself, wearing an apron over his button down.
Then the phone screeched, rattling on the desk and Sherlock gasped with a start. He gracefully took the phone into his hand, holding the craddle with his left.
"Oh, yes, thank you," He took it into his fingers, the metal cool and the black leather soft and dusty. "I thought I'd lost it," She nodded, the air suddenly awkward and Sherlock set the camera in his lap delicately, tossing his curls to one side and itching at his neck from his fresh haircut.
Sherlock's brows furrowed and he popped back out to look up at his brother, "What do you mean, something happening to John?"
"Do you trust me Sherlock?" John said softly into the air between their faces, and Sherlock looked up instantly, opal eyes glittering, his bottom lip drawn between his teeth.
"Well, it could've gotten lost in the post sir, these things happen all the-" The babbling solider was cut off by a look that spoke volumes and he shut his mouth, scratching the back of his neck, "I'm sorry sir,"
"No," He squeaked and John snarled, hand pressing offending letter to the wood with his finger pointed at Sherlock.
He ripped open the letter faster than a kiddie on Christmas, pulling out the pages, eyes flickering down as if he were watching a tennis match.
Sherlock nodded and shakily took her hand and stood, eyes averted as she led him into the switchboard room, abuzz with activity, and through to her small office. She pointed to a chair and he sat, grasping the arms of it tight as she left again, returning with two cups of over brewed, papery tea. Sherlock took his with a mumbled
“Have you decided what you’ll have sir?” The waiter asked, almost rolling his eyes at the overheard conversation. Sherlock panicked, he hadn’t even opened the menu.
John didn't sleep heavily, and Sherlock's rustling about had awoken him. He smiled and wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock's pale milky waist, palms rubbing a circle along his flank, his back pressed to John's chest.
Oh, he ain't a bother, m'lord, mattera fact he was helping me quite a bit." Sherlock blushed and looked up at his fuming elder brother, his smile fizzling away in a heartbeat into a hard grimmace, but his eyes were swirling and sad.
"Alright," he said sweetly, lips turned into a smile, and Mycroft nodded curtly, sitting up against the headboard and pressing the palms of his hands to his eyes.
"I don't want to court you." He said plainly, but John didn't miss a beat. His eyebrows twitched a bit and his smile faded in disappointment, but his hand rest solidly on Sherlock's knee. John rubbed a bit of blood from the inside of his ear, tracing a bit at the pale white flesh of his cheek before leaning back on his heels and looking up at Sherlock, taking a single hand in his and planting a kiss.
"Yes sir, I've been good," Sherlock nodded and eyed daddy, sneaking a small giggle and looking back down at the floor.
"Oh yes, and poor Sherlock, hormonal little bitch, happiness is just a ring on your finger and a pram full of pups, my mistake. I'd trade you in a heartbeat, Lestrade, don't be jealous."
<3 I forgot to post this last night so you might get a second update later today but idk, I think I may condense the next two chapters into one bc this was dreadfully short okay I'm going for a run you should too it's good for your body and your mental health and you deserve good things luv u byeee
"I could never see you as anything less than my perfect boy," He lulled into Sherlock's ear, "my sweet, kind, brilliant, sensitive boy, who is so good for me, so awfully good." Sherlock hiccuped as he rest on daddy's shoulder, eyes closed, soaking up his praises that glowed like sunshine on his skin.
"You heard me, I'm not doing it." Sherlock spat, locking eyes with the woman his brother had hired for his '
"Sherlock! Stop that!" John nudged Sherlock with his foot and pointing to the detective's own chair. "Please sit so I can fix up that lip, love," Sherlock whimpered and obeyed, sitting on the edge of his chair, longing to be back on his knees for his Master. John smiled and gave him a pleased grin before wiping the blood from Sherlock's face, dabbing a cotton ball of antiseptic on the wound which was beginning to close on it's own.  "Thank goodness you don't need stitches, silly boy, you should have told me!" John tutted, a loving smile still shone in his eyes.
John watched as Sherlock huffed up the stairs, and he swore he saw him wipe his eyes before turning to discuss the randy bunny with his housekeeper.
that all the time. You're wrong! You're all wrong! You and Mummy. You say you love me, but you don't want to help me!" Sherlock wailed, blue-gray eyes shimmering, laden heavily with tears. Mycroft sighed exasperatedly.
"Sherlock," Daddy snarled as he pushed closer, pumping into Sherlock roughly, tugging at his hair and devouring the sweet whines and whimpers beneath him. The bells on his collar jingled luridly with each thrust, "that's good, Sherlock, that's
"John! You let go of me!" He cried, tucking his nose into John's neck, who chuckled and rubbed circles on his milky smooth back.
"You don't think- there's something wrong with me? sometimes I wonder...if I'm broken or something" Lestrade's brows scrunched together and he bit his lip. Sherlock kept his eyes on his twiddling fingers.
Mycroft pulled the keys form his pocket, leaning in front of his kneeling brother, pulling his trousers down a bit, the small boy blushing furiously, looking up at the smiling Vicar with fear as Mycroft put the key in the lock of his belt, turning it, locking it, and putting the keys back into his pocket. The abbey erupted in applause, and Mycroft scooped Sherlock up onto his hip, his flower crown lopsided on his mess of midnight hair, nose tucked into his brother's neck, breathing in deep gulps of his calming smell.
"but- but- you can bring them with you, they can stay in the nursery! mummy won't mind, and- and then you can stay. Please, stay," Sherlock grasped her hands as she went to grab the pomade. She shook her head, a bit of sadness in her emerald eyes.
“Anything you have to say, hm? Acting like a whore in front of my work friends, embarrassing me?” Daddy said harshly, arms crossed, keeping his distance and looking down at Sherlock with a dominant glare. Sherlock couldn’t hide his tears anymore, he burst open like a cracked dam and it all came bubbling out.
Sherlock looked down to the floor, bound wrists held in front of his stomach. His eyes flicked up to look once at Mycroft, who smirked horribly, and once to John, who met his eyes and smiled, mouthing "I love you,"
"Not if I can help it now up you get, and go get dressed," She gave him a smack and he grumbled, stomping up the stairs. He pulled off his dressing gown and replaced it with his tweed blazer, slipping on socks and lacing his shoes. He sat on his bed and froze. He sniffed the air, his heart racing as he shoved his face to the other half of the bed. It had only been a week and already John's musk was fading. Sure, his territory was still marked, but the sheets had lost that strong, dark, whiskey smell of John's sleepy skin. Sherlock sucked in a breath and squared his shoulders. It was alright. He was alright. He poked into the loo and opened John's cupboard, his razor and comb gone, but his bottle of aftershave still stood and Sherlock grabbed it quickly, pouring a drop onto his wrist (it tingled a bit) and sucked in a gulp of the heathery, deep musk.
He looked up, shaking his hair out and turning his head around, before he could realize the sound was coming from the other window-
"Captain Watson! Sir, it's freezing out here, there's whiskey inside!" Came the shout from the portside door, the fading sounds of drunken carol singing filtering out into the frigid night, and Captain John Watson shook his head, leaning on the rails and watching the stars.
"Sherlock, I will not have lies in this house," Daddy growled crossly, gripping onto Sherlock's wrist tighter, eyeing him unrelentingly. Sherlock bit back a sob, his shoulders heaving.
"I don't want you to go, Jawn," He said softly. John nodded and rest his chin atop Sherlock's head, sighing.
"Jawn?" Came the whisper, but somehow it felt like a shout in John's ears and he rushed the final metre to his lover, pulling him into his arms, his chest heaving with joy to feel him beneath his hands, delicate and soft and trembling. John tucked his nose in his neck- Sherlock was afraid, very afraid, before pulling back and looking at him closer, panting with a golden smile before his heart stopped with guilt.
Sherlock shuddered, back pressed to the wall of the closet, curling tighter in on himself at the roar of laughter and clinking glasses. There was a blast of a trombone, the phonograph blaring and Sherlock whimpered. He hated being the shy, stereotypical omega who couldn't handle lights and noises, but here he was, hiding in the linen cupboard at his own engagement party. He held his knees close to his chest, tucking his nose between his knees and sniffling back the tears in his eyes. Engaged? How silly a word for purchased, sentenced more like. Wouldn't be long now, till he was mounted, raped. But was it rape? When his body wouldn't let him say no?
"Jawn! Put me down!" Sherlock whined, kicking his feet a bit before slumping his head against John's back, curls falling down over his eyes. "Jawn!" He only mumbled as John pulled him down the hall. "John we haven't even had dinner," John grinned as he flopped Sherlock down on the bed, his husband's eyes looking rather more annoyed than incensed. John stepped back and gave Sherlock a nod.
"Do too, now stay still," John reached around to give a firm slap on the seat of his trousers and Sherlock whined, rolling his eyes as John stood back and looked him over.
"I'm eleven, I don't have an alpha- just my brother" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and tugged his trousers from her, putting them on himself. "I did this by myself," He whispered, zipping himself up and squaring his shoulders. The nurse gave him a look between disbelief and contempt.
"You have no idea what you've signed up for, Sherlock. I may be a gentleman, but my colleges are not," He bit his lip, giving Sherlock a final glare before turning and descending the stairs. Sherlock panted, breathing deep gulps of relief that Mycroft was gone before he felt regret.
"Certainly not, but I did get word from Dr. Watson," Gregory's eyes widened and he raised his eyebrows. "Asked me to 'look after' my brother,"
. That's when he saw it. Like a type writer, but so much heavier with and extra set of letters across the top. Sherlock swallowed thickly, approaching the machine on the table with fearful reverence. His stomach was buzzing with nerves, the entire thing seemed to be surrounded by static, as if it might shock him if he touched it.
"Careful what you wish for, little brother," Mycroft tapped his umberalla into the gravel and gave Sherlock a look, pointing to the house, "Now go back inside and do something about your face." Sherlock pushed past Mycroft, huffing back to the house. The elder Holmes shook his head and continued on to speak with Brooks.
"Probably a few weeks or a month," He smiled as Sherlock's delicate fingers traced over the skin, his eyes flickering, cataloging every centimetre of John's face.
“Oh, Ross, please, it's common knowlege I'm engaged” She smiled at him warmly, sharing a look, “I hope you will be able to attend.”
"I want to go see Emelia, maybe the weekend. Or tomorrow," Mycroft whispered, and the Detective groggily flipped onto his back, eyes soft and wide and chocolate brown, the twilight resting on his tanned skin like silver dust.
"Fine." Sherlock mumbled, and Greg seemed satisfied with the fiction, folding his newspaper in half and sipping his coffee.
“d-Addy!” He cried, eyes rolling back beneath the fabric. He pushed his hips back against daddy’s hand, desperately crumbling beneath John’s hands. “Daddy, p-please!”
"No, no I'm okay, really," Sherlock said cheerfully, his heart glazed over and solid, "perfectly alright,"
He arrived back at the office, rushing into his own office and shutting the door, dropping his briefcase on the floor, leaning his arms on the desk and shuddering. He'd done this, he really had. He shook his head and gathered himself. He had work to do- he would not allow
His heart leapt in his chest, throat catching at the thought, bondbite aching something awful. He put a hand over his shirt collar, hoping to soothe it.
"New kid," The Alpha, Hugh apparently, said with a cocky grin. "Well don't be all day about it, come in," Sherlock was quickly shepherded inside, the alpha holding his shoulder with a firm grip which made him want to disappear. Hugh gave him a queer look, and Sherlock shyly looked out at the group of Alphas, with a few betas tacking things to a large map wall. All eyes were on him, and their gazes felt like fire on his skin.
"Yeah- I'm-" Sherlock stepped away, but his waist was firmly locked and he was cheating and he was cheating on John and he couldn't breathe! His lungs were tight and it smelled like beer and he couldn't breathe and-
dot dash dash dash(J), dash dash dash (O), dot dot dot dot (H), dash dot (N), he tapped it out on his knee with his finger, smiling sadly before tapping on his bondbite,
Sherlock's eyes widened, breath beginning to return to normal, pale blue eyes flickering over John. He looked, so strong, so safe. Maybe...maybe he could trust him?
"Sherlock!" Vanecia smiled, "thank goodness I caught you, one of the girls found this when we were away," In her hands rested his camera, and his chest grew tight.
"Sod your expiriments, and Mrs. Hudson, it's my bloody birthday and I'll bugger my husband if I jolly well want to," John growled before launching forward and devouring Sherlock's mouth, teeth clacking and tongue exploring as he pulled him to the ground. Sherlock turned his head and grumbled.
Sherlock giggled and hugged John tight, the Alpha's chest grumbling with pleasure as he pulled him closer still, tight and safe in his arms.
"I'm okay, d-daddy, really, I'm fine," Sherlock feigned a hopefully convincing smile and looked up at daddy.
"It's better to rotate them, less chance of a flat later, and with the cold weather..." Sherlock waved his wrench in the air to illustrate and Janine gave him a pitied glance.
Jawn I think I need you- need you to-" Sherlock keened through his nose, a wave of heat and pain rippling through every muscle in his body, each nerve ending burning with fire, his skin glowing with sweat. He lay on his back, knees bent and spread open. John took his place between his legs, breathing deep gulps of ripe and intoxicating omega heat. His chest thundered with growls, and he brought his nose between Sherlock's thighs, nuzzling at his small little cock through the fabric. Sherlock bucked his hips up and moaned, but John sat up and tapped his thigh.
“What? Why?” John gave him a look and Lestrade’s eyebrows went higher than before thought possible- “Oh,”
“Right. Sorcerer. Makes sense.” He rolled his eyes and sipped his drink. He paused. He hadn’t intended on meeting the man the next day but something stuck with him. Ross realized that man had called him
"I'm so sorry Sherlock, for all of it. I was wrong to say you don't get to decide when we do these things, because you do, it's your body too, love."
“For Christmas, Sherlock,” The younger boy’s mouth quirked and he dramatically sighed. “Pick up your school things, kitten, we’re going to pick out a tree.” Sherlock snapped his book closed.
Pups? Now? Really? John glanced to his trousers on the floor, the fresh packet of condoms inside the pocket. He licked his lips, blinking a few times to clear his head. Now wasn't really the time to talk about this. Was he ready? Was Sherlock ready?...maybe they were...maybe the timing was right...
John put a hand over his mouth and dragged him over to the armchair, sitting and pulling a whimpering, struggling Sherlock over his knee. He slapped his hand down across Sherlock's arse, placing his arm across his back to hold the squirming boy down. Sherlock whined and kicked and John gave him a warning swat across his thighs, a brutal red welt rising in his wake.
Sherlock weakly sobbed, his head thrown forward between his shoulders, his fingers barely grasping at the floor, not even trying to hold himself up through the pain.
"But we're still fighting," Greg said sternly, playfully pushing Mycroft down onto the matress, "We'll always fight."
Sherlock’s heart was pounding, his ears flushing red. Daddy popped open the lube and covered his fingers generously. Sherlock sniffed curiously, his brows furrowing.
"Smooth, it's smooth, well, except," He hissed as he touched it, the sensitive, freezing little bud that perked beneath his fingertips as he pinched it with a whine, "s'cold, John,"
," The Alpha snarled, and Sherlock cursed himself once more. Stupid, stupid little boy, never saying the right things.
Sherlock shivered, his insides dark and cold as he looked at his feet on the dirty ground, feeling dirty himself. The side door creaked open with a roar of sound before it clicked closed again.
John smirked, slyly, like the cat that got the cream, looking down at his brandy and swirling it round it's glass. Mycroft almost spit, but he stopped himself and let out what was the Mycroft equivalent of a chuckle.
"No! No I'm not letting go, just hold on to me and everything will be fine, we'll get through this, just stay- stay with me," Sherlock choked, his eyes laden with tears, shaking his head desperately, pumping his legs weakly.
"But, it looks better on, daddy," Sherlock interjected before the bow could be entirely removed. John smiled darkly, still eyeing Sherlock insatiably.
Sometimes Sherlock was afraid he might disappear. That AlphaJohn would take over and never let go. Dark eyes and snarling teeth and bruising hands and discipline.
"You look, pale," Offered the dark skinned omega in the corner, who twiddled her fingers nervously, twitching as Greg pat Sherlock. Her skin tone did little to hide the dark bruises that covered half her face. She seemed insecure under Sherlock's gaze so he looked down at his wrist as Greg buttoned his cuff links. Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but it snapped shut.
"Let me walk with you, stay here while I tell your friends where you've gone off to, alright?" Sherlock bit his lip and nodded.
"I wouldn't want you dancing alone, besides," The captain paused, tiliting his head to the side and looking at Sherlock with raised eyebrows, "You were getting some, let's say, unrespectable attention," The Captain turned them, guiding Sherlock until he was facing the other corner, where some dodgy looking Alphas were practically drooling into their lager watching him.
“Yeah?” Sherlock nodded and crawled off the bed, daddy’s eyes watching ravenously as his t-shirt rode up in the back, teasing the view. He pulled a string of multi-color fairy lights out of the closet, placing them on the mattress and pressing his wrists together and presenting them to daddy with a sweet, naive smile. John licked his lips and his eyes darkened, a pleased grumble escaping his chest. Sweet little Sherlock, how did he know?
"Good God, you really believe it don't you," Alan shook his head, "The lie that Alpha's can't help themselves, that it's your fault. It's not your fault for existing, Sherlock. I will personally assure that you are safe, you have to believe me, please stay, I'm sorry i was-"
"Are you lying to me?" He growled in a low, skin-crawlingly scary voice in Sherlock's ear. Sherlock shuddered and looked away, cheeks flushing with crimson.
"Sherlock!" Moran whispered, crouching down and running over, riffle slung over his shoulder, "Sherlock Jesus Christ, do you have any idea how dangerous that was?" Sebastian took one look at his pale, ashen face and realized, yes. Yes he did.
His mind was betraying him. All he could think about was John. What was going to happen tonight? Would it hurt? Most likely. Yes, he was quite sure it was going to hurt. Even in heat, it would be horrific, painful, something foreign being shoved inside of him. It made him want to throw up. Mostly because some little voice inside of him
“Sherlock, just give it a look, think of poor Scotland Yard,” Sherlock laughed and bit his lip harder. He really did not want to go out, he was feeling so vulnerable, so sensitive, he didn’t want anyone but John.
“I like your beard, daddy,” He mumbled, running fingers through the rough and scratchy ginger hair. John growled dangerously.
"No!" Moran growled and Sherlock tilted his head in amused agreement, before turning, his lips turned into a small smile.
"Yes, I know darling, I know, you don't want to sleep, it's so wretched isn't it, daughter mine," She whined as he wiped her nose with the sleeve of his dressing gown, pale blue eyes shimmering with unfallen tears. Mycroft only cooed, bouncing a bit and rubbing her soft warm back through her nightgown. "Shh, it's alright, I understand darling, let's go back to the nursery and have a chat about it," Mycroft settled her on his hip and yawned as they made their way to her room. He settled himself into the rocking chair and pat her back as she hiccuped the last of her sobs. He peeked an eye over to her, sighing when he found her wide awake, staring back at him stubbornly.
Sherlock's breath hitched, his chest heaving silently, eyes pressed closed, quite wordless as he pushed backwards, non-coherent begging falling from his lips to the pinstripe sheets. John lapped, the sweet taste of Sherlock. He pulled back, leaving Sherlock a whining and whimpering mess. John growled in warning to his omega and Sherlock obediently stuffed his face into the sheets.
"Amen," The congregation replied, and John pulled on the loose end of the rope, pulling Sherlock's wrists from their bonds, and pressed a single kiss to each, eyes glimmering with pride as he pulled Sherlock from his knees, a hand to each side of his face, pulling him in for a gentle kiss. Public displays of affection, in a church no less, were a bit foreign- even if his alpha begged him to mark his claim, they had time to do it privately.
. He put his fork down and swallowed numbly. John turned around and smiled, watching this gorgeous creature- god, he wanted to know everything about Sherlock- the way his hair stuck up to the side in the morning, the teeniest freckles that littered his shoulders, the colour(s!) of his eyes. John licked his lips,
“Go on,” John’s shoe gently touched Sherlock’s ankle, and the younger boy let out a breath. John was entranced by this brilliant boy and his mind. “Explain it to me, I’m interested,”
Emelia Violet Esther Holmes was walking. Running, in fact, with varying levels of success, and now that she'd learned how to climb out of her crib, was now in the habit of exploring the house at night. Mycroft groaned as the first traces of her wailing came in through the door of his and Gregory's bedroom. His husband had just been up to put her to sleep, and was now completely passed out. Mycroft stood and pulled on his robe, rubbing at his thinning hair and pressing a kiss to Gregory's weathered skin, to which the exhuasted beta grunted. He shuffled out into the hallway to find Emelia in a puddle on the floor, a river of tears and snot flowing down her face and onto the plush red runner.
The train carriage huffed along the tracks, Sherlock's teacup rattling in it's saucer. He sighed, closing his eyes and leaning his head back against the firm seat. Sherlock opened his eyes, peering out at the blurring mottled greens and browns of the country, whirring by like a rain soaked painting.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open, lifting his head off of John's shoulder, who was reading his paper. He blinked and looked around the cabin. John smiled and folded his paper.
"Jesus Christ," John swallowed, and soon he saw the real problem- a bomber diving out of the sky with a screeching roar, howling bullets firing, the orderly rows scrambling, and he let out his breath before watching it circle around for another go, black crosses glinting in the sun. The queues formed once again, but a good number didn't get back up from the ground.
"John, I can't swim, I'll drown," He said quickly, clinging around him even more desperately, looking back to the shore with worry.
"Yes, I'm well aware of that, don't be stupid. Precautions will need to be made. My secretary will brief you tomorrow,"
“D-addy, I-” Sherlock stuttered as daddy only shushed him. Why was he being so nice? Sherlock had been horrible, absolutely horrible! He didn’t deserve daddy’s nice touches. Sherlock stepped forward a bit, the loss of contact leaving him cold and empty, but daddy didn’t try to touch him again. He hung his head and kept his hands at his sides, resisting the urge to wipe his tears. He was such a bad boy,
, daddy!" John didn't need to be told twice, crashing his lips into Sherlock's, wrapping a firm hand around the back of his nape, fingers tracing along the baby hairs of his neck. Sherlock pulled back and pecked daddy on the forehead, squirming in his lap. John continued his assault, deep and ravenous kisses and bites planting along Sherlock's exposed neck. "daddy," Sherlock whined, head thrown back. "da-addy!" He poked John's belly with his finger and looked at him seriously. "We have to open an early gift!"
Apparently, that was enough of a consolation speech. He barely listened to her instructions, his mind floating away from him, bobbing up agianst the water he so stubbornly excaped from. They shouldn't have gone below, if Sherlock wasn't so stupid he would've known. He should've
They sat in silence for a few moments, Greg burrowed in his paper, Sherlock mindlessly looking out the window, the bustle of London was so mindnumbing and yet still fascinating. Everyone fit, everyone had somewhere to go, and they all seemed bloody pleased with themselves. As if every mother with a pram or businessman with his briefcase mocked him with their pleasant expressions.
“Sherlock, why don’t you just help Lestrade figure out who did it, alright?” John’s level and encouraging voice offered, somewhat confused as to Sherlock’s glare.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Sherlock whimpered, eyes screwed shut, tears running down his bleary cheeks, still flushed in after glow.
"bruises on his knuckles, match the ones on her cheek bones, he's had three drinks already, look at his fingers shaking," Janine gasped, looking at Sherlock, whose eyes were glowing with a silver seriousness.
Sherlock took in a big breath as he stepped out onto the pavement, the air cool and billowy and sending shivers down his neck. He rubbed his hand on the back of his nape and looked forlornly up at the windows of 221b.
"You're an omega," Sherlock said softly, eyes scanning over her green jumper and white lab coat and yellow rubber gloves and pearl necklace. She held out a pair of gloves for Sherlock.
Victor growled a bit, not liking being ignored, and walked over to speak with Sherlock. Violet started babbling with Louise to try and keep the mood of the room positive, maybe to dissuade Sherlock from saying something offensive.
"What's the meaning of this?" Sherlock said finally, eyebrows furrowed into a glare. Greg smirked and shoveled some bacon into his mouth, looking over to Mycroft with a look that said
"Go on, you loon, get to it," He nodded, turning, before he raced back around and gave her a kiss. She laughed and nudged him away. He gave Lestrade a tiny wave before he passed through the open gate, his whole body glowing. He quickly made his way down a path and into the directed building, climbing the staircase and finding a dark haired woman in a uniform like his loitering outside of the room labeled 9.
"John's not here," Janine pet his hair, "But we're going home, love, just take a deep breath and we'll be home soon," Sherlock nodded mutely, but he really could. It was as if John was right there, he clenched his hands to keep himself form grasping for his Alpha.
"I'll go get your cases, love," Sherlock didn't respond. He let himself sit atop this duvet that smelled like
"N-no- s-stop, please, stop," Thomas smiled and put a knee between Sherlock's legs, holding him in place, even firmer against the wall.
Thomas, who in 12 years of service had never risen above Corporal. It didn't take a genius to figure out why. Bastard was an absolute prick. And he was
"Hang on, Mycroft, wait, we haven't even discussed this!" Greg didn't mean to shout, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Fucking hell. Fuck. He wanted to rip his heart out of his chest for betraying him, his disgusting feelings and urges.
, or you'll be getting a smack," The girls giggled, all but one, a mousy brunette in the corner, and Sherlock's skin flushed crimson, feeling horribly patronized, pushing open the door and leaving.
“Of course, love, why don’t you get our coats while I get the check?” Sherlock nodded and scuttled off. John couldn’t help but take a look as he went away. God, that arse was perfect. Once the check was settled, John met him at the coat check, he was smiling, coat on and holding John’s tenderly, like it was made of gold.
“Never seen one before, daddy!” He squirmed excitedly before sitting to the side of John’s legs, curling into a ball and planting his head in daddy’s lap. John obliged and began to massage his scalp, carding through his locks.
." He whispered, his feet moving beneath him of their own volition, his nostrils twitching and his eyes watering. In a haze of confusion he shoved past bodies, until his eyes suddenly saw him.
Sherlock flopped onto his stomach and crawled under his four post bed, fiddling with the floor board until it came loose, putting it aside and pulling forth the old hat box by the handle into the light. A glass syringe, some old science books of Mycroft's that would've been deemed inappropriate reading material and a certain blue envelope with
There was barely room for walking on board HMHS Paris, the floor covered with cots and gurneys, and John's newest patient was very uncooperative, his leg was mangled and broken, drizzling dark blood and staining his torn trousers. The doctor expertly cut up the fabric and pulled it to the sides, getting a better look at an infected mortar wound. The Pole fought and kicked and groaned and John pat his shoulder and gave him a sharp look.
"Mycroft will need to imprint soon, so you should phone him first, have him fudge the paperwork," Sherlock mumbled, eyes watching protectively over his new niece.
"Welcome aboard, Mr. Holmes," Alan half-whispered as he sat back in his chair and looked at him strangely, giving him a fake smile, his eyes cataloging Sherlock in disbelief. Sherlock's heart sagged in relief and he nodded vigorously, a single curl breaking loose of his hair and dangling in his forehead. Alan's nostrils flared, his eyes flickering over Sherlock as the boy's excitement drew out his hormones. It was never really going to work- a suppressant designed by an alpha was never meant to
"This may be a tad uncomfortable, sweetheart, try to relax," Sherlock shook his head, curls in his eyes, sweat and tears drying on the tips of his fringes. He didn't relax, he couldn't relax. The cold metal entered him and he keened, involuntarily screaming through his nostrils.
"I'm afraid you can't, love, against regulations. Have to see you to the car." Sherlock nodded softly and followed her.
"I'm really not in the mood for one of your monologues, now I'm going to find Mycroft, sit. up. properly." Violet growled, a viscous headache well on it's way and clacked her heels down to the study. She knocked twice and entered without waiting for an affirmative. Positions and power may change, but a mother never waits to open the door.
"I don't hate you." Sherlock bit his lip, looking down. "I hate me." John's eyebrows scrunched together and he looked at Sherlock with concern. "No! Don't say anything, because you can't possibly understand,
concerned. He pulled open Sherlock's lidded eyes and examined his pupils, which were flared to all hell. He pressed two fingers to Sherlock's neck to feel a pulse and for a moment panicked, it was almost too weak to feel, but it was there, barely. Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed again drowsily. John's heart raced as he held the delicate omega upright.
“No. Sherlock. That was very bad, I don’t want you up there by yourself again, ever. Do you understand?” John was shouting and Sherlock’s lip quivered in shame. Angry daddy was
“Greg, could you give us a minute?” John smiled at Lestrade kindly, and the older man nodded and left the room, the door swinging closed. John’s smile instantly disappeared when the door shut, eyes wide and hands on hips. He didn’t need to say a thing- no admonishment, no reprove. Only the cold, hard glare of a Dominant, eyes swirling a blue so dark they looked black. Sherlock shivered- his legs wobbly beneath him under John’s harsh look. He dropped to his knees before John with a thud, wincing and averting his eyes.
"John, me and Myc adore you. You're a good man, a wise man, and while I can't say being married to a Holmes' boy is easy," His eyes sparkled to Mycroft, who was leaning on his umbrella in the corner, "It is most definitely worth it. Best thing in the world, I say. Really, John, believe me when I say that this one, is the kindest, sweetest, bravest omega I know, and it's no small feat to be able to say that you've earned his love. Treat him well, John," There was something close to warning beneath his tone, but he could only grin, overcome with pride, deep brown eyes full of emotion, "Respect him, spoil him, try not to shout, and love him, as much as you can, because he deserves it." Greg choked, laughing at himself for being misty-eyed, "He really truly deserves it.
"Are you on drugs?" He said suddenly, hands on his hips, breathing a bit laboriously through his nose. Violet only smiled a little more harshly, glaring at her son, who only smirked in return. Back on the tablets again, it seemed.
"The man who I bought it from said it was a good one, but if he's wrong we can get a different one," Sherlock pulled the steel microscope out and examined it- it probably cost a fortune. Inside was a set of lenses and slides, as well as some things to clean it with.
"Sherlock, don't be an idiot. We'll all have to do our share- and for you, that will be accepting that John very well may die."
"Sherlock what in God's name are you wearing?" Mummy glared as he entered the dining room, and Sherlock glared right back.
"I don't make the laws, sir, I only study them, and even if Sherlock isn't to be your heir, you ought to see that things are organized for him after your passing. Are you the Alphus Patronus of your family?"
“I’m sorry, sir.” John shuddered, he’d never heard Sherlock call anybody sir. It was a delicious word in that deep velvety baritone.
"I am, I'm a grizzly old man, snatched you out of the craddle," John murmured as he playfully nibbled at the delicate expanse of marble neck. Sherlock whined as his scruffly chin scratched at his skin.
"You'll figure it out, sir, if you love someone, you figure it out." John looked to the side at the kind-eyed young man who stood beside him.
"You believe that rubbish?!" Sherlock couldn't help the smile that crept into the corners of his mouth, his fingers twiddling nervously together.
N-nobody should get to do that anybody else." Sherlock said softly, "Nobody should get to hurt anybody else."
"There was a murder in the park, I thought you might like to come take a look," Greg smiled, taking a singular step closer.
“Sensitive, huh?” Sherlock nodded solemnly, turning to face him, pressing his back against the bench, hands folded in his lap. John smiled gently and traced his cheekbones with whisper softness. Sherlock’s whole body shuddered at the touch. John realized Sherlock’s need to submit, and walked to the center of the sitting room, pointing to the floor with his gaze. “Come here, pet,” Sherlock rushed off the chair and knelt quietly where Master had indicated. John nodded firmly. “Stay.” Sherlock’s spine trembled at his tone, his whole body remaining still as his Master went upstairs and returned. Sherlock did not look up to see what he had retrieved. His breath hitched as the black fabric came in contact with his eyes, master tying it in the back, his curly brown locks draping over the top of the blindfold. Things were already beginning to freeze, his heartbeat beginning to slow. John pulled the hem of his t-shirt up over his head, leaving Sherlock naked from the waist up. John had turned the thermostat up, he realized, as he was not chilled from the sudden exposure. He stuttered as John’s careful hands began to run all over his body, warm and callused and
Sherlock held his breath, waiting for something to happen, when the men just turned and left, giving him a wink and a rude gesture for his troubles. Sherlock choked out a relieved sigh, looking to his superior in gratitude, but she'd already turned around.
"I- uh, I'm married, actually, to John," He mumbled, rolling the ring around his finger, and smiling in spite of himself, "His name is John,"
The other guests- alpha and omega siblings were dreadful as well. The Alpha was dark and a bit smelly, reeking of pheromones, hair slicked back and dribbling oil. He was some sort of banker, or was it investments? Didn't matter, he hadn't spoken a word to Greg as they sat in this stuffy drawing room, Mycroft was being a saint, nodding as Mr. Trevor rambled on about politics, refilling Greg's whiskey every other time Mr. Trevor cried "outrageous!"
Sherlock's eyes dried, his mask slowly coming back, cool and collected and unfeeling. He was getting better and better at it, and soon he hoped he might never feel anything again.
The air was cool and damp, drifting in through the windows as Greg lie sleeping, his back lit with a large square of silver moonlight. His husband's fingers gently stroked across his flank, tracing the patterns within the consolations of freckles.
These chapters are getting shorter and shorter, and I promise, once I hunt down and capture my muse they'll be long again.
The salads weren't even complete before Sherlock started acting funny- drowsily, drunk. His silver wear clattered as his shaking hands dropped them to his plate.
“Daddy! You’re home!” Sherlock squealed, eyes wide as he glanced at the packages on the table. “Presents?” John laughed and tousled his hair.
Sherlock's stomach churned as he guided his feet into the shoes and laced them with intent, looping the bunny ears around twice. John smiled and pet his hair beneath his scarf.
"Sherlock!" He growled indignantly, retrieving his papers and placing them on his desk. "I'm busy, now go back to the nursery. Clearly this is a hormonal problem, is it that time of the month?"
"I imagine you're quite nervous," Mycroft offered, eyes glued to the wall. Sherlock flipped back the blankets and poked his eyes up to the surface, flickering over Mycroft with a razor sharp gaze. "You don't need to be."
He reached the big black door with golden letters and smiled, pulling out his key and pushing the door open. He looked up and heard shuffling upstairs, talking. He knit his brows together and pulled off his hat, depositing his bag of clothes by the door and taking the stairs quickly, reaching the top and eliciting and excited cry from his housekeeper.
When they got to daddy’s flat Sherlock immediately knelt in the center of the sitting room, hoping his submissive gesture would be appreciated. Daddy didn’t seem to notice, pulling his tie off and letting out a deep sigh before fixing himself a drink. Sherlock didn’t look up, just listened to the clinking of the decanter and the huff of daddy’s exhale. Sherlock’s mind was back at the party, the scary man offering him a drink, touching him, calling him princess. He bit back a sob. Nobody was supposed to touch Sherlock but daddy. Sherlock wasn’t allowed to have alcohol. Sherlock wasn’t to talk to other men without daddy’s permission, and he really hadn’t meant to! He really hadn’t! He cursed himself as daddy came to stand in front of him, sipping back his scotch.
"This is the silliest party I've ever heard of, Martin, why do I have to dress like a- like a faery or something!" Sherlock flapped his loose sleeves around like wings. The family heirloom of the presentation gown was so large on him, never had a Holmes presented
"You don't understand? Well, let me lay it out for you," John seethed, hand grasping Sherlock's hair, pulling his head back and snarling, "You think you're clever enough to go behind my back, which you are not. You will not undermine
"Let's see," She scuffled to the refrigerator and picked up the list she'd placed atop it. "Produce, fishmongers, and the fabric shop because you need new shirts,"
"Oh?" Sherlock tried not to sound too excited to hear from Lestrade, as he was linked to Mycroft and that could only lead to disaster.
They caught up to the girls and soon they were a flurry of hair and perfume and heels clacking on the pavement as they headed to their destination, a pub where all the men at Regent's Park congregated, and had a live band sometimes, and the drinks weren't too expensive.
"He's a violent type, Janine, he beat up his girlfriend just an hour ago, who, oh look, right there" Sherlock pointed to a meek looking black-haired girl who slouched in the corner outside his circle of alphas.
scrawled in fountain pen. His fingers shook has he grasped it, pulling it close and breathing in that warm, musky, gunpowder smell that sent his stomach aflutter.
"Most definitely, you've made me the luckiest man in the world." Mycroft didn't mean to laugh at his horridly sentimental joke, but he did. A sweet little snuffle from his nose. He pressed their lips together, Gregory slowly shifting, crawling into his lap and running his fingers through the Alpha's tawny locks.
“Do you, um,” Sherlock struggled with the words, his heart tugging him into headspace, his mind trying to keep him on the ground. “Do you think- do you think Father Christmas will come to our flat?” He whispered into daddy’s ear. John smiled, cocking his head towards Sherlock, those sweet eyes wide and twinkling.
“Shh, that’s it, Sherlock, we’re almost there,” John paused but didn't pull out, calmly rubbing his thumb across Sherlock's trembling shoulder blades. Sherlock took a moment, shaking still, arms aching behind his back. Daddy rubbed him gently, lulling affections and sweet things in his ear. His words escaped him, so he nodded to continue, hair swishing, the edges of the green ribbon cutting mildly into his neck.
"-be in a breeding stand tomorrow," Sherlock grumbled, crossing his arms and squaring his shoulders.
Greg sighed, throwing back another glass of something or another as Mycroft's panic intensified, the flat stale with smoke, the party quite over and Sherlock still missing.
"Your brother told us all about you," Came a snarky voice from the corner, a man in a tanktop slouched over a workbench, looking up barely to look Sherlock over. His hair was slicked and his eyes were a dark brown that swirled with intensity and his lips crooked up into a fraudulent smile, "We don't need any more help, you may leave,"
and be respectful to your future husband," Sherlock puffed out his lip and properly sulked, looking Mycroft up and down before giving him a smirk.
"I think Sherlock would rather I abstain." He stated, Gregory's soft tea-coloured hair brushing against his neck. The beta smiled sadly and curled up closer.
"Hey! We're in church," Gregory jokingly scolded, wrapping his arm around his shoulders. "But we all know where you snuck off to,"
"And what's so funny?" He smiled, resting his hands on Sherlock's sides as he choked out giggles. He slumped forward onto John's shoulder.
thank you for all of your feedback!! I hope you enjoyed this chapter even if it is quite short. The next few will be significantly longer and more, *ahem* well, you know
"You seem to forget your place so often, Sherlock, are you really as clever as you think you are?" Sherlock keened and planted a kick right in Mycroft's solar plexus. A little knowlege of annotomy and an omega was not as helpless as expected. Mycroft groaned and sucked in a breath, dropping a humilated Sherlock to the gravel. "Go inisde. Now. Get cleaned up and don't do it again." Sherlock stiffled a fake chuckle, still desperate to maintain his dignity.
"Since when have you worried about money?" John grinned and kissed Sherlock's cheek, down on one knee as Sherlock perched on his tufted stool.
"Are you alright?" The Alpha said softly, looking down the hallway quickly to make sure Thomas was gone before looking Sherlock over, as if he were made of delicate china that may have been cracked. Sherlock's breath caught. A slightly familiar face of warm tan skin, indigo eyes, sandy blonde hair parted down the side and slicked a bit like the young alphas did these days- sharply dressed in a pressed army green uniform button down. A Captain based on his insignias, his cap tucked under his elbow, muscular biceps flexed beneath the fabric of his standard-issue sleeves. His fingers traced along Sherlock's face, turning it lightly and examining the damage to his neck with flickering deep blue eyes the colour of the Atlantic when it kissed the white cliffs of dover.
"Go on, now, tell me what it feels like, shy little thing," Sherlock almost giggled at John's silly tone, imagining him leaned over a public phone, putting coin after coin in the slot, whispering these filthy things where anyone could hear.
He trembled and shoved the pen down, putting the lid back of the jar and holding his head in his hands, breath tight in his chest.
He gasped, clamping a hand over his mouth, trying to calm his hitched breathing. There were footsteps in the hall, the light at the bottom of the door flickering. There was a knock, Sherlock only curling further in on himself. The knob turned and Sherlock desperately reached out to keep it closed. There was a struggle, the hand on the other end quite stronger.
"I don't even have to consent," Sherlock added meekly, "to be married, Mycroft's the only one with the say in it."
Sherlock barely was dry before he heard footfalls on the stairs. He rushed to the sitting room, falling to his knees immediately, hands resting on the back of his nape, twiddling with the small beaded chain that rest there. John tossed his keys onto the bench, ignoring Sherlock entirely. It was a terrible feeling to be ignored. Worse than John's anger or disappointment- yes, Sherlock decided this was the worst of it- to be nothing. Sherlock's eyes welled with tears that choked at the back of his throat, his lips tightening. He swallowed. He would not cry. He would be good, he would take anything his Master gave him with gratitude.
would be was apparently not something he elected to share, so Sherlock was horribly lost. Suddenly a group of women went by, in tight skirts and neat hats and he breathed easy. Navy Girls. WRENS. Probably radio transmissions personnel.
"And why would I do such a thing, brother dear?" Mycroft grinned. The seething on the other end of the phone was quite humourous and Mycroft itched his at his eyebrow, lips still turned into a twisted smile.
- sweet and soft trumpets and trombones flaring and swelling like a sea. The kind of american music Mycroft detested, and the kind of place Greg told him never to go to unless he wanted people to think he was easy.
"That's not something I like to say, you know this, and besides, what does it matter? Sherlock is not like you and me, he's- he needs someone to keep him in line, they all do."
Sherlock Holmes had lived a comfortable life. Sweet and innocent days of childhood that hazed together into a scrapbook of pirate games and honeyed tea and skinned knees. Boyhood fantasies that wasted away hours and days as he wandered the grounds of the estate, sword in hand, slaying dragons and fencing monstrous sea creatures. Sherlock's tummy had began to hurt that day. Nothing terrible, surely nothing a bubble bath or some stollen chocolate from Nanny couldn't fix. Mycroft was home from school- perhaps they could play pirates later, go out to the little stream and let Sherlock ride on his shoulders...
"See what the fuss is about I suppose," He smiled and John pressed a kiss to his lips before they made their way back to Mycroft to hear about the case.
"Oh yes, and I assume you're next in line" Mummy looked to Mycroft incredulously, chuckling to herself. Mycroft looked up, eyes full of seriousness.
“Yes, baby, you like it?” John opened Sherlock’s door for him and Sherlock slid into the soft cream leather seat.
Mycroft Holmes was worried, worried sick. His nail beds, bitten to the edge of bleeding, were testament. As much as he hated to admit it, the battle for Europe had been lost, and they would fight another day, and they would not win alone. But some of his more obstinate colleagues disagreed. He rest his fist on the edge of the table, eyes flickering over the map display, mind a calculating machine, sharp and unattached. They were numbers. Dots on a map to him and that was what made him the best, but he couldn't eyes still drifted to the tiny pin, just by the Belgian border, a pin that contained 300 ATS support staff. Including a certain Mechanic and Telephonist.
"Myc, shhh," Greg lulled, his rough cheek scratchy against Mycroft's, fingers carding through the curly, product-less ginger curls atop his ears.
obey me." John grunted, patting soft across Sherlock's burning buttocks. He let a blubbering Sherlock up, who barely rose beforehe took one look in his eyes and took off running, grabbing clothes and rushing into the bath, closing and locking the door.
John was riding out his high when he jumped, there was someone at the door. His eyes flashed with fear but Sherlock only grinned and stood, pulling on his pants and trousers before he opened the door, the hallway empty, before looking down to see a gaggle of corgi's, butts wriggling and tongues panting.
"Oh," Sherlock breathed, looking over to John, with his scruffy almost-beard and Indigo eyes, lips turned into a sad little smile. John had the most beautiful smile in the world, Sherlock decided. Yes, he ought to be in a record book somewhere. Sherlock swallowed and returned it shyly. "So, you don't want-?"
"I will," John smiled, holding Sherlock's trembling shoulder firmly, as if to steady him as he knelt before him.
"John!" The alpha paused and turned as he approached the door, looking up the enormous staircase to see a pair of pale legs dangling out over the landing. Sherlock leaned forward with conspiring look, holding tight to the balusters and swinging his feet in the air. He looked so boyish in his pinstripe pyjama top and shorts, his hair a curly floof upon his head. John smiled and turned, looking around the hallway before climbing the staircase, slowly, quietly. Sherlock untangled himself from the railing and stood, teeny frame even smaller as he crossed his legs shyly. He blushed, eyes twinkling, and tiptoed across the hallway to John, leaning up on his tiptoes and examining him.
"Sherlock, calm down, there's nothing I can do, Sherlock, and some things are better left alone." Sherlock stomped his foot, feeling younger and younger, like a child again, powerless.
"We've been given orders to evacuate," Sherlock whispered, eyes sparkling ice blue, "Seems we're going to Dunkirk, before Hitler realizes what we've done,"
"You can't hold both of us, and I can't swim, I've been shot, you've got to let me go, find a boat and go home, Sherlock, you'll be alright without me," John whispered and Sherlock panicked, his eyes darting about, trying to solve this. If he could only think, if he could just
"You're being reassigned." The Captain said finally, resting his interlaced hands on the desk and leaning forwards.
"He's always pale, Mrs. Watson," Greg chuckled, reaching over to bureau and grabbing something or another. Sherlock looked over to the abused omega with an intense fear that seemed to be seeping through his scent, because both Greg and Clara sniffed the air worriedly. Greg grabbed both his hands and gave him another strong smile, one that Sherlock couldn't help but reciprocate. Greg mouthed, "you're okay," before throwing a silk blue ribbon around his shoulders, buttoning the starched collar which choked a bit at his throat. Sherlock grimaced as Greg tied a ribbon around his neck.
"India or Australia?" Sherlock said softly, watching the captain's cufflinks that poked out of his jacket sleeves with fascination. The captain looked down at him quizzically, but not angrily.
He gasped, his vision filled with bubbles, the last breath he had breathed right before his eyes. His legs began to atrophy, his heart slowing, mind sloppy and hazy.
"Am I dying, Mycroft?" Sherlock mumbled between facefuls of mint chocolate chip, tears drying a bit at the lovely taste.
Sherlock, sweet perfect Sherlock- touching his hand, his back, he was kissing his ear! Jesus Christ! John growled, clenching his fist by his side.
"Right, now go on then," Sherlock dithered for a moment before going, each step down the stairs feeling ominous.
"Oh that's a brilliant comeback John, really," the omega rolled his eyes but his smile gave him away.
"m'fine," He mumbled, Greg giving John a knowing look before taking Sherlock inside. Mycroft and John stood awkwardly, watching the pair of them go inside.
"I love you, I can't help it, you brilliant madman, that's why you've got to let go of me, wait for a patrol boat and be safe, love, let go and save yourself, your life is still ahead of you,"
Dr. John Watson had never seen anyone as beautiful as Sherlock Holmes. He had been sitting on that lounge for a the better part of an hour, smoking those damn cigarettes. Cpt. Watson wasn't a square, he smoked a bit, but chain smoking like that could do serious damage to delicate omega lungs and tissue. Sherlock Holmes was a different kind of beautiful, angelic and ethereal with a halo of chocolate curls. He was graceful and elegant, even though he was barely a teenager. Quite different from the meek timid sweet things he tended to meet at parties like this. His catlike eyes watched all with a quiet and knowing disdain, an aloof poshness covering up a crippling shyness that was endearing to a scrappy city boy like John Watson.
"If you do that, I will sell you to any one of the countless suitors whom I have denied. Pretty penny for a thing like you, I say." Mycroft growled, kneeling and grabbing Sherlock by the ear, "And I doubt any of them will care in the slightest about you."
Eating? Sleeping? Pedestrian and boring and if he was honest, he sometimes just forgot. John always remembered. Sherlock’s stomach turned as he lay on the sofa, his mind racing, heart thumping in his chest. Moriarty had called John his pet.
"Je m'appelle Marie et qui est votre mari?" (I'm Marie, and is this your husband?) She raised her eyebrows at John, who was speaking to the driver and hadn't noticed her.
"Sherlock! Christ, Sherlock!" He fell to his knees next to his mate, pulling him up and putting a hand to his forehead, "You're burning up, darling," Sherlock clenched his fist around the empty vial, groaning at sharp pains in his stumach. John pulled his lover into his arms, navigating him to the bed, but stopping when he saw the back of Sherlock's trousers.
"Hi! You must be Sherlock," He looked up and found himself nose to nose with a blonde omega, older and taller than him, tan with big brown eyes like Lestrade, clearly 19, unbonded, uses too much perfume to compensate. "I'm Vanecia, your commanding officer, sort of," She smiled and Sherlock swallowed nervously, "You don't have to salute me, just Commander Mortimer," Sherlock nodded, eyes filled with worry. She didn't seem to notice, linking their arms and introducing him to the group.
"And further, I know this boy, his name is William, and his father is Arthur Smith, he's the groundskeeper at Baskerville House, now please, phone someone and arrest him."
"It's to do with sex," Mycroft leered and Sherlock's skin flared a bit pink, his hair doing that lovely curly sides thing and John could only watch with silent delight, trying his damn best not to smile at Sherlock's embarrassment, seeing that dominatrix stuff.
Mycroft rubbed his temples as he hunched over in his study. Hitler was chancellor of Germany, and his rhetoric was getting more and more extreme- the people lapped it up. Mycroft did not care for him. His colleagues at the foreign office said that socialism was nothing to worry about- Germany had learnt her lesson in the Great War. Mycroft wasn't so sure.
"Sherlock, Arthur wants me at home." Sherlock's stomach dropped and he clenched his hands into fists in his lap, fingernails pressing into his palms.
"Sherlock, why don't you wait for John to come home," She mumbled as Sherlock held the bunny down with one hand, popping the cap off the needle and holding it between his teeth. "It's 5:30, love, I'm sure he'll be back soon."
"I'm not in shame, it's transport. But you mustn't say anything, Alan, I mean it, you have no idea how much this means to me.
His mind traveled to the floor of Mycroft's study, that horrible garish rug under his chest and his brother's books splayed out beneath him.
I'm ever so sorry this chapter is so short, I haven't slept a wink last night writing it and now the sun is up and I must go to bed. I promise promise promise the next chapter will be big!! *cough* wedding *cough*
"s-sorry, daddy," He mumbled, swallowing the cavalcade of tears that was threatening to spill over. He needed to be stronger.
"I think we ought to postpone the date, John," Mycroft said, holding his cigar away from himself as if it was a snake. "I have a feeling you'll be called up sooner than you think."
ik this is probably the shortest chapter known to man! but I got some rather strong criticism and it's been hard to write without feeling I'm letting people down.
"Hey handsome," His head snapped up to see Gregory, looking rather smart in his tails, sitting next to him on the bench in the corridor. "It's almost time for speeches." He smiled, budging over, closer, their legs touching, and Mycroft gave a small smile before placing his hand on his husband's thigh, giving it a bit of a squeeze.
also, PSA, don't try and write when you're sad or angry, because everything gets way too angsty way too fast
"Sherlock!" The omega flinched, knees drawn up defensively and Mrs. Hudson gasped, "What's happened, love? Are you alright?"
"Not too late at all Sherlock, what is it?" Sherlock's eyes brightened and his lips turned into a sweet innocent smile. He shuffled his feet and squirmed off of daddy's lap and scampered to the kitchen. John smiled and leaned back in his chair before a small bunch of leaves was dangling in front of his eyes. Sherlock slyly crawled down the back of the chair and straddled John, looking up at him from under his dark eyelashes.
patronized but so fucking turned on. Damn you, John. Damn you and your fucking voice. "Clothes off, Sherlock," Sherlock's cheeks flared, his hands shaking but he looked down bashfully and pulled off his apron, tugging open the buttons of his shirt with trembling fingers. John's gaze felt like electricity on his skin, sending shivers down his back as he tugged his shirt off his shoulders, unclipping his braces and dropping his trousers.
"Thank you, for asking me to do this, I don't get out of Scotland much, even with the pups grown a bit," Clara spoke softly, eyes warm and sweet. She was a gentle soul, and Sherlock could see why she was "the favourite" of John's relatives.
"I won't mince words, Holmes. You, are the smartest person I have ever met." Sherlock gaped, looking above his cup with confusion.
It was too much suddenly as John's cock thrust into his prostate, it was all far too much and Sherlock's cock spurted out his watery spunk, his orgasm wrenching through his body with a scream.
Mycroft huffed and strode across the drive, umbrella tucked under his arm and a glare on his face. Sherlock's sweet smile as his eyes flickered over the contents of the bonnet almost made him pause. "Stop bothering Mr. Brooks and go inside at
The air was sweet, soft and gentle on Sherlock's skin as autumn approached, a slight mist coming up from the damp grass. He smiled and sucked in a breath, stepping down off the back of the lorry and itching the sides of his hair beneath his cap, pulling a tiny bunched curl out to play with between restless fingers.
Sherlock smiled under his breath, looking up with wide almost-tearful eyes, tucking his hands in his pockets. Something warm was tugging in his heart and he sniffled, rubbing his eyes and laughing. And for once he didn't feel weak for letting a few tears out.
Sherlock, beautiful Sherlock, in uniform, curled in on himself, his soft chocolate hair cut short around his ears, pale skin flushed with pink as he leant his forehead against the railing of the steps. His once delicate fingers were stained with petrol and gunpowder, his face smudged with a bit of it too.
, Mrs. Hudson is right downstairs, and my experiments aren't finished, besides your radio programme starts in fifteen minutes-Jawn!" Sherlock cried as John seamlessly unbuttoned his trousers and dropped them and his pants around his ankles. Sherlock crossed his legs and rolled his eyes. "Why do you always want this at such inconvenient times!"
also fun fact if you inject a bunny with pregnant urine they go into heat. i hope my dad never sees my search history lol
Sun filtered in through the small kitchen window and Sherlock couldn't shake his fear. He was helpless, he was needy, he was nothing without John. He clenched his eyes shut and pulled his shaking fingers into fists on his thighs as Hudders milled about the upstairs kitchen. Sherlock shuddered as his mind flashed with terror, he fought it, he pushed it through his mind palace, trying to find a safe place to store this monster, snarling, sizzling, oily monster.
“You had a big day today, huh?” Sherlock nodded. John reached to the other side of the sofa and plucked up Melly the Bee. He deposited her into Sherlock’s arms, who immediately squeezed her tight and giggled, a sweet little sound in his deep velvety voice. John carried Sherlock to bed, tucking him in tightly under the duvet.
"At ease." Sherlock knew what that one meant, relaxing his feet to shoulder width apart, "I see we have some new faces, I'm Commander Mortimer," Her eyes found Sherlock's and he swallowed nervously as she looked him over, unsure if he should look away, look forward, look down? His cheeks flared pink and she gave him a chuffed smirk. "Your role in the Teritorial Army is one of support, but you are in no way unimportant." She looked at Sherlock seriously. "Alright, let's get to it, ladies,"
"We should go back," Came a concerned voice from the back and Sherlock shook his head, looking towards Moran, his mind flashing with an idea.
"Yes," Sherlock's voice was shaky and John pinched his ear, dragging him forward a bit and raising his eyebrows in a silent challenge. Sherlock stuttered and corrected himself, "-sir! Yes, sir! I understand, Master," Sherlock's voice was soft and pitiful but John wasn't having it. Not today.
"What are we doing here, ma'am?" Vanecia asked the Commander, who stood with a smug grin and raised her eyebrows.
"How are you, love?" John smiled, fondly looking at the newly framed photograph of Sherlock- he'd made quite a stern face for his picture, but he was beautiful even in black and white.
Daddy breathed out shakily as he came, hot and unrelentingly pouring down Sherlock's throat, pulling out a bit to squirt onto those red and puffy lips. Sherlock breathlessly licked at the semen, swallowing quickly and satedly sinking down into the floor at daddy's feet, leaning his forehead, exhausted, against his thigh, Daddy ran fingers through his sweat-drenched curls, massaging at his sore scalp.
Sherlock Holmes was shocked, what the hell was wrong with him? He never blushed, or fantasized about anything but solving murders. He never went on dates! What was going on?
Sherlock looked up to see John, and bit his lip in a small smile. Nobody had told him about the kilt, and it made him want to giggle, if only because he was so frightfully nervous and sad. This was it, he supposed. Slavery from one alpha to the next. John's eyes were so deep and cavernous he was liable to fall into them, and they held their gaze the final few yards of the aisle. John smiled, golden skin glowing, flaxen hair shimmering in the light of stained glass windows. Mycroft tugged Sherlock's hesitant feet along, and Sherlock looked away, a deep frustration and anger building inside him, standing there with Mycroft. The organ stopped, and the congregation sat.
oml, my loves, I must sincerely appologize for how long this chapter has taken and also how badly written it is, school's started back up and I've been terribly busy. I have so much ahead and I am so excited to write it, but please forgive me if my updates are slower than they used to be. ilysm<3 <3 <3
"I'm Matthew Carmichael," The dark haired man's eyebrows raised when he saw the ring on John's finger, "I'm sorry, you are an alpha, correct?" John fixed him with a harsh glare and dropped his hand, folding them behind his back.
The smile didn't last long, and a tremor began to shake through Sherlock, he could feel her fingers around his ankles, and he was numb. He killed her, he could see her eyes, frantic and wide and he had kicked her down. He'd saved his own life and taken hers. It was a calculus he could not understand.
"Merci, Marie," He mumbled, and she pat his head before toddling off. He watched her go, the knob clicking shut behind her. He looked down at the food, depositing it on the floor before he saw the corner of the envelope that stuck out beneath the plate.
"Darling, he broke the skin here," The delicate pad of an index finger brushed against a stinging part of his ear. "Let me clean it, alright?" Sherlock was dumbstruck, his eyes not leaving the slight turn at the corner of this man's lips, a sweet little smirky smile that sent Sherlock's tummy on a rollercoaster. Not that he'd ever been on one. Or seen one in person, in fact. Sherlock nodded dumbly, the army captain only grinning and pulling Sherlock's hand to sit down on a bench, kneeling in front of him and patting his thigh before striding off to find supplies.
"He's not yours though, is he? He's Mycroft's, and he's not begging you for anything. Now, please, go back to the dining room and
They soon arrived at 221. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, so John scooped him up onto his hip (he was frighteningly underweight, and John made a mental note to put some meat on his bones) and stepped out onto the kerb, telling the driver to wait as he wrestled his keys out of his pocket and opened the big black door. Sherlock clung to him like a Koala bear, but John paused as they approached the threshold, smirking to himself and swinging Sherlock's legs around, holding him, quite literally, bridal style. The steps creaked under them and John carried Sherlock up to their flat, opening the bedroom door. Sherlock wasn't crying anymore, his eyes dark and resigned as john set him down on the soft blankets, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
Sherlock pulled back slowly, fluttering his eyelashes as he looked up at John, a curl plopping out from beneath his crown, his alpha brushing it to the side, caressing his face softly.
"Sherlock! Christ!" John cried and Sherlock grinned. "Oh my gawd, they're real," He got down on his knees and pet Willow's ears, her floofy little tail shaking as she hopped up on his knee to kiss his chin and face, "Oi! Not my ears!" John blushed as he was attacked with puppy love. "Sherlock! Where's your sheet?" John whisper-shouted, in that wretched habit of his to state clear facts out loud, "What if someone sees you?"
“Apparently. Just don’t call me Stevie,” Ross smiled and pressed a deep kiss on his lover’s neck, sucking a small mark.
"Sherl, what are you doing here?" he mumbled, squinting to see him clearly, in the busy military hospital, crawling with nurses and injured. "Where am I?"
"It's not so hard these days to disguise your condition," Mycroft said calmly, "and I am far too busy to bother with the puzzle myself, and in crisis your name, brother dear, has arisen."
. Boring old army boy John. Second born, just a bit scrappy John. His eyes flickered a bit around to the paintings and ornate furniture, giving Greg eyebrows, to which he only laughed. They both looked rather silly in a grand feminine room like this. The door burst open to reveal a peeved looking Mycroft, dragging a very obstinate Sherlock by his arm. Sherlock was just as beautiful, if not more so, in the daylight- sharp blue eyes and riotous midnight curls that shone, soft and bright like a glossy advert or film star. His pale, milky skin glowed with a embarrassed, rosy flush- oh, to see the rest of it, to carve sweet kisses and bite all along that expanse of marble flesh, to mark as
. All would be okay if they had each other, doctor and detective, soldiers together. It would all be okay if Sherlock was John's.
1. Desert and swim the channel. Not a viable option, as (a) he couldn't swim and he doubted even a strong swimmer could manage it (b) he didn't want to get shot and (c) he didn't want to leave. Not now. Not when he was actually doing something important, when his actions made a difference and he was finally
”No, darling,” John lulled, lapping at his bondbite (an instinctual need once knotted), “of course I’m not cross, you just need to remember your place sometimes,”
“Daddy!” Sherlock keened from their room, presents stashed under the bed, lying on his tummy on the mattress. He glared daggers at his mobile. “Da-aaaddy!” Sherlock could her John stomping to his room, each impact of his fine leather shoes clacking on the hardwood, reverberating through the flat. The door swung open.
“Da-addy!” Sherlock rolled his eyes and pressed a tentative kiss on daddy’s scruffy cheek, closing his eyes delicately. A deep grumble vibrated out of John, his pupils flaring as he licked his lips. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s nape with firm fingers, brushing against his hair before pulling Sherlock in for a passionate kiss- his beloved left flustered and blushing as John breathed heavily, sucking and pulling, nibbling gently. Sherlock giggled and pressed back a bit, exploring John’s teeth with his tongue. John chuckled and tugged on Sherlock’s hair, the smaller boy trembling and whining in that sweet voice that had not entirely adjusted to it’s silky baritone register.
little boy, Sherlock, I only want you to be safe.” Sherlock nodded in understanding, splashing some bubbles around.
“Sorry, excuse me,” He said, quickly dashing for Shuri, who was talking to a black sand hologram. Ross immediately recognized the Black Panther’s soft voice.
“You could say that.” Ross was about to interrupt and make this man explain himself when Shuri shouted about the party.
