Immediately the tall windows darkened, shutting out some of the afternoon sunlight and bringing a sense of cosiness. Tony pulled a chair from beside what Steve assumed as a writing desk. He gestured to the bed.
"Come on. Trust me."
But then the non-regular thing happened. Tony jerked awake to the sound of Jarvis saying, "You're needed, sir." And sure enough, Steve was standing a little way off, shrouded in darkness. Even at a distance Tony could make out his trembling.
"But...I'm not," he continued. "I'm here."
Hearts and flowers and sparkles and confetti exploded through Tony's head as his eyes slid instinctively closed.
Steve glanced in, then entered under Tony's instruction. The room was just as beautiful as the rest of the place, tastefully decorated and pristine. It was a thousand miles from than anything Steve had seen before. It was a million miles more luxurious than the stuffy apartment he'd lived in with his mother in Brooklyn just fifteen years ago--
"Voila," Tony said as the handle clicked and he swung the door open.
Tony chuckled again. "Now  when you talk like that, I feel positively teenage." He worked the pad of one thumb against Steve's temple. "I have to be honest, I never really had an issue with it. There's plenty enough in my life that I've had problems with. Thankfully I've always been good with my sexuality. In fact," he added with another chuckle, which was softer this time and somehow a little sad, "sometimes I thought I'd been made this way just to give me another way to piss my dad off."
The other man didn't move, so Tony asked Jarvis to increase the lights to get a better look. Steve didn't seem to have anything in his hands, no glint of metal or curve of a blade. The knowledge calmed Tony a little, and he patted the couch beside him.
"I'd like to take you out to dinner sometime to say thank you properly," he said. His confidence faltered. "Do you - would that be okay? Sometime?"
Tony's brain cells were still processing the information, his mind whirling like a digital hamster stuck inside a software loading wheel. Steve Rogers, the man who barely spoke to him and seemed to view him as an irresponsible asshole, had him listed as his
Tony could
"You sure are, Tony."
"In case it makes you uncomfortable, and you need to know so you can decide whether you really want me to stay, I don't just...like women. Exclusively. You should know in case it changes your mind about me staying under your roof."
"Yeah?" he asked again, because it was all he could say.
He was right in the middle of the ritual when the call came. Avengers Assemble et cetera, et cetera. Steve's whole body stilled. Panic seeped in like CO2, pushing the oxygen from his lungs, his blood.
"Well, whether you were aware or not, I'm duty-bound to pass this information on to you."
, at the welling red.
Unfortunately he wasn't, and the last thing he remembered wasn't the building coming down on his head, but the sight of Tony, riding high as Iron Man, silhouetted against the blue sky.
It had evolved by accident, as most things do. A strange happenstance struck feeling into Steve's half-frozen bones, and so it went on. After being encased in ice and half-dead for seventy years, sometimes it was hard to feel anything but numb. As soon as something forced him to life, Steve clung to it, and the ritual began.
By the sudden heat in his face, Steve knew his cheeks were dappling red. His mind betrayed him, skipping down dark conduits, thinking about all the guests who had stayed here, not in the guest room, but in Tony's bed. Beautiful women, scores of them, all falling at Tony's feet. Though Steve knew he probably shouldn't think that way. Modern women expected more than to be thought of as objects of affection and desire.
A series of little puffs of breath drew Tony's attention away from the window. Steve's head was heavy against the headrest and his chest rose and fell a little too quickly. Not enough to be noticable unless you knew a lot about the way Steve breathed, but enough for Tony to know something wasn't quite right.
The drive didn't take long, but the silence stretched it into an eternity. When Tony parked up in his private underground garage, he finally turned to face his passenger. Steve stared right ahead.
Instead, the good doctor gave a slow nod. "Alright. As long as Mr Rogers agrees."
What remained was the pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
At first Steve had been awkward, hovering near the dinner table not quite knowing what to do. But the look on his face when he'd tasted Tony's family recipe carbonara made every weird second beforehand worth it.
"Have you done anything to yourself?" It had to be asked.
"What? It's only a difference of a few floors. And it's not like I don't have space." The way Steve worried his lower lip was so endearing, it made Tony bolder. "You need someone right now, Steve, and something tells me you don't want to involve anyone else. So get out of the car and come with me."
“That well,” Rhodey said.  He rubbed a hand across the back of his neck.  “He’s going to be in a mood.”
“Right,” Steve said.
Trip watched, curious, as he walked back to the door of the lobby, throwing it open.  He leaned out.  “They’ll do it, do you want to come in and look?”
“And then we went for ramen and the chef knew you and kept giving you sake and I got an egg in my ramen, like, a special egg,” Peter said, sounding proud of that, “and Clint did the ramen challenge and that was horrible and-”
“Shield,” DJ repeated.  One leg swung back and forth, bouncing against the rungs of his stool.  “That’s where.”
Steve’s head tipped backwards, his eyes rolling up towards the ceiling at the sound of Tony’s voice.
Tony smacked his fingers lightly with the pliers.  "Hold still, you're of no use if you're shaking the whole structure, so-”
Tony took it from him.  “I better get some cobbler out of this.”  He popped it in his mouth, his eyes narrowing on DJ.  "And you.  I seem to recall telling you not to wander off. “  He frowned.  “Didn't you have shoes?"
Steve didn’t budge.  “All right, so first of all-”
“Yes, well, Thor likes to exaggerate when it comes to destruction and general chaos,” Tony pointed out.  “There was a bar fight, and some people might tell you I started it, I’d like to make it clear that this is both a lie and a slur on my character, and-”
“Since I'm planning on canceling on you with no warning,” Tony said.  “No matter when we schedule it for.  So more than happy to-”
The kettle clattered against the stovetop, and Steve steadied it with one hand.  “He okay?”
“Wow,” Clint said, trying to keep a straight face.  “That’s effective, kiddo.  That’s…  If I didn’t know your dad, that’d be dangerous.”  He leaned an elbow on the laundry basket.  “But I do know your dad, so I’ve built up an immunity.”  DJ’s lower lip poked out, and Clint laughed.  “You going to pout?”
“So, what?” Steve parroted back at him, and his voice was so much steadier than he'd thought it would be.
“Where are you-” Clint started, and Tony cut him off.
There was a moment of pause, and Rhodey let out a little chuckle.  “Of course you are.”
“I take it you speak from experience,” Steve said.
Clint nodded.  “He asking for me?” he asked, slipping out of bed and heading across the room.  Clothes.  Clothes were a good idea.
Tony leaned back, just far enough to meet Steve’s eyes.  “Want me to take my shirt off?”
“That…  Doesn’t sound safe,” Greer said.
She nodded.  “If the boss needs us-”
“I knew I could count on you.” Tony threw an arm around Hammer's shoulders. “Such a pleasure meeting you, it's not often I get to talk to a man like you.” He glanced back at Steve. “Such a pleasure.”
“And you were still adorable,” Tony said, because he was sure of that. “But still.  When you asked the cool kids if you could come over to play, did that ever work out well for you?”
He paused in front of Tony, his lips a flat line.  “You were raised better than that.”  He paused.  “Were you not?”
“I take it dinner will be late tonight.”
“It wasn’t.”  The words came out, hard and sharp.  “Why are you here?”
Jan's eyes narrowed.  She stood up, drawing herself to her rather insubstantial height. “Everyone,” she said, her chin up, “I shall be throwing a gala in a month's time.”
Tony looked up, and Jarvis was smiling down at him, his eyes filled with tears.  “I always had faith in you.”
“I think you're overthinking this, Steve.”
“She and Rhodey just left,” Bobbi said, crossing her arms over her chest.  “Something about an appointment with Mr. Hargreaves down at the First National Bank.  Mr. Jarvis has the details.”
“Want to tell me what that might be?” Tony asked.
“Okay, let’s just-” Sam crossed his arms over his chest.  “Remember when Jan decided we had to try that hot yoga fad?”
“Well, I can't promise every night,” Steve said.  “But I get sick of take out.  And I do all right with simple stuff.”  He smiled at Tony, and Tony's stomach turned over.  “You okay with that?”
Steve tried not to smile.  “I ducked that part of the ceremony,” he said.  “They left the door unlocked, so...”
Steve looked up from his laptop.  “Probably a lot,” he admitted with a slight smile.  “But if this is about the bakery leftovers-”
“I know.”  Tony smiled.  “If you say the words, you’ll mean it.”
"It's fall, they'll be dying anyway," Natasha said, her fingers dancing through the air, letting a trail of tiny white petals float through the air in their wake.  She grinned.  "Bobbi?”
“Why did you bring it back in?” Tony asked, wondering if he could stand up straight.  He decided not to risk it.  “Parker.”
Tony met his eyes without flinching.  “Of course.”
“No.  We don't.  I blame our previous CEO, who was a packrat who clung to outdated tech like floppy drives might well make a comeback in the 22nd century,” Pepper said.
“Usually we let Mrs. Parker make the hot cakes,” Natasha said to DJ, “but I think she won't mind that I took over for her today.  Would you like some?”
Steve, leaning against the wall on the far side of the hall, tried to ignore the way his chest ached when she leaned over, pressing a soft kiss to his forehead, and smoothing his hair down to cover it.  DJ's eyes flicked around the room, stopping when he spotted Steve.  Steve smiled at him, and DJ smiled back.
Stark's eyes met his from across the room, and there was something like mischief in them, some spark of unholy glee, like he was doing this specifically to get under Steve's skin, and Steve felt his back teeth lock.  “DJ.”  DJ looked at him.  “I'd like a picture, too.”  He managed a smile.  “I have to go back, I've got a shift today, but I wanted to see you get your picture taken.”
She grinned back.  “I like you, too, kid.  You’re weird.”
“Sam’s not allergic,” Natasha said, and Steve was glad she knew that, because he wasn’t sure he did.
The question sank in, a little too late, and he leaned forward.  "What do you mean, what choice did you have?" Steve asked.
Steve looked up, his blue eyes bright below the straight line of his brows, his high cheekbones pink, and Tony’s chest contracted, something he refused to acknowledge making his breath catch in his throat.  “Yours isn’t much better,” Steve said, even as he swiped a hand at his hair, undoing Tony’s efforts in a single move.
Steve looked up, the voice catching him off guard in the gloom of the hallway.  "Evening, Mrs. O'Malley," he said with a smile.  He tucked his cap under his arm, fumbling in his pile of packages.  "Here.  I've got something for you."
“Did he connect?” he asked.
“We can’t stay here,” he said, and that, he could manage.  He leaned over, sliding his hands under DJ’s body, taking the boy’s small, slight weight against his chest.  Tangled in the fabric of Tony’s jacket, DJ turned his face into Tony’s shoulder, his fingers catching on Tony’s shirt.  Tony went still, shifting DJ higher into the cradle of his arms.
Steve stared at him.  “You knew I might lose my temper.”
“Oh, thank God,” Tony said, his head falling back.  “You, too?  I mean, I got plastered, but you’re usually much more-”
“You do know that the only difference between Natasha and every other woman who has to work with Mr. Stane is that she has access to more knives, don’t you?” Pepper asked.
“So guess what Tony did.”
DJ leaned against the wall next to him.  “Darcy’s picking one out for me,” he said.
He didn’t hear Phil’s sigh, but he knew it had happened. “Done?” Phil asked.
“No,” Darcy said.
“I told him I could take the train,” Steve started, but Stark was already waving him off.
"And I've finished the whole can, that's progress," Franklin said, his tone arch.
“No.  You didn’t.”
“I knew he was going to cheat on you, I just gave him the opportunity, and he took it with both hands and a tongue,” Bucky yelled from down below.  “Asshole's lucky I didn't toss him out the nearest window.”
He set down a bowl, heaped high with rice, filled with chunks of sausage, peppers and celery, smelling of onions and garlic.  Clint looked up, meeting the boy’s eyes.  “Eat.  You’re not taking it out of your sisters’ mouths, I promise.”
Tony flipped the lock on the door with a twist of his wrist, ignoring the way it squeaked in protest.  “You’re the one that’s going to land us in jail,” he said, giving Hank a look.  “Can you stop deliberately antagonizing people?”
Steve caught it one handed, rolling it over to look at the label.  It had a certain overblown charm, someone having a lot of fun with graphic design and what they considered an ‘old timey’ soda bottle should look like.  He smiled.  “Know what I want?” he asked, looking up.  Tony met his eyes, his eyebrows arching in an unspoken question.  Steve smiled.  “Egg cream.”
He started, rocking back into the plush confines of his seat.  His backpack shifted in his lap, and he wrapped his arms around it, hugging it back against his chest.  His eyes darted away from the window, to find his-  DJ stopped, blinking hard.  No.  Not his dad.  Tony was looking over the back of his seat, his face pinched.
“Right.”  She paused.  “No explosions.”
“Because our clients are idiots, and I wanted to sleep, not get pulled into your stupid,” Carol said.
"No-" The word was choked off, sticking in Tony's throat. He twisted, trying to bring his head around, trying to get an arm loose, but Bruce was a dead weight on his back, pinning him in place.  "Don't-"
He had to get out of here.
“He adores me,” Tony said to Allison.
Natasha patted the spot next to her.  “Put him here,” she said.  Steve heaved Clint over the pommel horse, face down.  His hands and feet trailed down towards the ground, his head hanging limp.  As they all watched, he started to snore.  Natasha reached out and patted him on the butt.  “Sorry.  Equipment failure.”
“And in my defense, my entire apartment would fit in your penthouse bathroom, and maybe that's a little bit intimidating?” Steve pointed out.
Ty flicked another pea at his brother, and this one pinged off of the top of Justin’s head.  He didn’t respond, but his shoulders twitched, a silent flinch.  “Give it up, he’s hopeless,” he said, and Obie snatched the spoon out of his hand.
Tony was slumped low in his chair, his eyes wet as he held up his hands.  "'Marriage necessary to escape clutches of evil dictator,'" he said.  "Great headline.  Let's run with it."  His head rolled to the side, his eyes locking on Steve's.  "We're both idiots, you know that, right?"
Tony smirked into his coffee cup.  “Oh, that would be a shame.  If something were to...  Happen to it.”
"It is perhaps a holdover from his younger days, when some visitors were..."  Jarvis paused.  "Likely to see the bedroom first and foremost.  Perhaps to the exclusion of all other spaces."
Steve pressed a hand to his face. “Do you think that’s comforting?” he asked, and he wondered if he sounded as exhausted as he felt.
“The Russian Ballet,” Clint said.  Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.  Clint laughed.  “She can still pirouette like a champ.”
Steve nodded.  “Yes.”
“A more cynical person would think you were attempting not to acknowledge that it is, in fact, a legal marriage,” Ellen said. “By implying that it really isn't.”
“Very little,” Jess said, in what was so clearly a lie that he didn’t even have the strength to argue with her about it.  “Almost none.”
Clint and Tony exchanged a look.  Darcy leaned forward.  “Yeah, but doesn’t mean you’re comfortable around someone who made the mistake, Deej.”
"Yeah, that's..."  Tony paused.  "That's the date's menu."
“Thanks.  I think.” Steve looked at Nicholas.  “I don’t doubt you, your Majesty, but if what you’re saying is true, then-”
Steve thought about that.  “I don’t think I’ve ever tried,” he admitted.  He leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees, his hands folded between them.  “It never occured to me to try.”
“I don’t doubt it,” Steve said.  “But I also don’t think you want to use them.  Not on me.”
“Naked,” Tony said, just to watch Steve's pupils dilate.
Laughing, Natasha slid out of the car, leaving the driver’s side door open.  She waited, her hands on his hips, as Steve and Bobbi climbed out of the back.  “You ruin all my fun,” Natasha said to Bobbi, who ducked around her, grabbing the top of the door.
“Leave me to make very poor choices with this,” Tony said, making the man laugh.  “Thank you.  That’s all for now.”
Steve's fingers fluttered against his arm, his shoulder, his fingertips reverent against Tony's cheek. Tony tipped his head to the side, kissing Steve's fingers, affection bubbling through him. “Otherwise, I'm going to make every single one of your fantasies come true.”
“I’m not talking about the plans, Tony.”
“In other words, not at all,” Bruce said.
"Miss Potts, this is Officer Rogers," Lt. Murray said.  "He'll be assisting you today.”   He gave her a smile that verged on condescending.  “Officer Rogers, the lovely Miss Potts.”
Steve opened his mouth.  Closed it.  Tony held out a hand to him.  “He needs you.  We all need you.”
"'Sad' is perhaps not the right word," Jarvis said, his voice brisk.  "However, sometimes I possess information that would be to the benefit of others.  In this case, I think it is fair to say that while his bedroom is a personal space in the most broad sense of the world, it is a space where very little of sir is present."
“I need you to stop tormenting him,” Pepper said.
“Wonderful,” she said.  She crouched down, holding out a hand, long fingers curled back against her palm.  The cat padded over to rub against her knuckles.  “Hello, there, fluffy.”
Tony grinned at him, his eyes dancing.  “Finally.  I’ve scandalized you.  I’m oddly proud of myself.” He straightened up, dusting his hands off on his legs.  “Disappointed that it’s so…  Banal, but one takes one’s victories where one can.”
“Oh, there's no chance we're not getting that back anyway,” Tony said.  He picked up a napkin, letting the snowy fabric unfold between his fingers.  “Keep the Fantastics away from the Atlanteans as well.”
Jarvis sighed again, and Tony gritted his teeth.  “You didn’t say goodbye.” Jarvis collected a handful of empty saucers and a brandy tumbler from the sideboard.  He piled them on his tray, and Tony glared at him.  Jarvis ignored that with the grace of long practice.  “That wasn’t particularly well done of you.”
“Of course it is.” Steve shook his head.  “So that’s Bruce, and that makes the mother sauces the person who told you you could leave.  The only one who went with you when you left Big Star.”
“I half expected you to call for bail money.”
Steve took the envelope from him.  “Sir?”
“You want to psychoanalyze me, or help me?”
“I’m going to go with ‘in ruins,’” she said, and she was much shorter than she should’ve been.
His voice trailed away.  Steve shook his head.  “They’re not coming back,” he said.  He moved a piece, and he wasn’t even sure what it was.  “If they’re still alive, they’re telling themselves that he’s better off where he is then where they are. If you can’t feed your kid, then it’s better, you tell yourself that it’s better.  At least in a home like Hammer’s, they’ll be fed.”
“Don't,” Ellen said.
“Or lawyering?” Luke added.
"Uh-huh." Steve lit the stove and shut the door.  "Well, I got some sweetbuns, bet you can find some room in your stomach for that, right?"  DJ grinned up at him, and Steve reached out, ruffling his hair.  "You need to stop coming in through the window, DJ."
Steve was kissing him, and Tony felt like he was drowning, like he was slipping under for the last time.  Steve's tongue coaxed the last of his breath from his lungs, and he sank into it, not caring if he was going to make it back to the surface.
Jan immediately moved her chair towards Greer’s side of the table, the legs scraping cheerfully across the tile floor.  “And why would we be getting Sam flowers?” she asked, her voice a bright trill.
"Feeding it and making sure that we keep things from getting destroyed, as much as I can, I mean, sometimes things get destroyed and it's my fault, and really, there's not much I can do about that, but-"
“There’s a tree over there-” Sam started, and Steve gave him a look.  Sam’s lips twitched.  “Or not.”
“You missed your calling, you should've been writing headlines during the 1800's,” Jesse said, flopping out on Ellen's bed.  Ellen considered kicking her.  “Article's good, though.”
“No.  In that you can't be trusted,” Pepper said, her voice saccharine.  “I'm already in the car on my way over, Tony, so let's skip to the part where you agree with something close to grace.”
Steve craned his head, trying to keep track of his new target.  “Ring the mistletoe.”
“Oh, this is my fault?” Steve asked, but he was grinning now, his face relaxed, his eyes bright.
Steve sighed, but he was smiling. “Let me guess.  He’s trying to charge people for pictures without Tony knowing about it?” he asked, setting his cup down.
“Can you not make her more dangerous than she already is?” Rhodey asked her.
The liquor burned in his mouth, and Tony made a deliberate effort to swallow.  It hurt, the whole way down.  “What?” he said, with a tight smile.  He set his empty tumbler down on the desk.  “You think I won’t?”
"I filed my story last night.  It's over.  It's done," Ellen muttered into her pillow.  "I don't care about anything, because I filed my damn story.”
“Mr. Stark-”
He pushed himself to his feet.  “Jarvis, can you watch over him?” he asked.
He swung around in his seat.  “Mostly.”
“Well, to be fair to him,” Miss Potts said, starting to close her ledgers.  “He doesn't think he needs sleep either.  So he's just holding us to his own rather insane standards.”
“Tony...”
“I’m not, but I’m glad you think so.”  Steve rolled over, pushing the door open.  “Jarvis, I’ll come back down and get our clothes.  Don’t…”  He shook his head.  “Just quarantine this car.”
Tony glanced down at himself.  There was still grease under his nails, and this shirt had seen better days.  “You mind calling it in?” he asked, picking at the hem of his shirt.  “I really need a shower.”
“Right.  So those are your arguments?  That you asked first, that it won’t be legal, and that none of the team can ruin it for us?”
“Know who isn’t going to be photographed wearing a miniskirt in Vegas when his boyfriend is back in New York?” Tony asked.
He was so beautiful, his face so close to Tony's, and Tony's heart skipped a beat.  “If I did,” he managed, because he could keep talking even when his life was falling apart, “it'd be entirely your fault.”
“We can’t afford fun,” Steve told her.  Above them, the wind rattled the tree branches, and he struggled not to tense at the sound.  “Your brother will have both our heads if anything happens to you, you know that.”
Tony’s lips went thin.  “Of course you are.”  He shook his head.  “Not surprising, but still an annoyance.”
Tony looked at him, his eyes hidden behind the mirrored lenses of his borrowed sunglasses.  “The price tag on this is definitely lower than I’d expected,” he said.  He reached up, adjusting his baseball cap.  He’d chosen a Dodgers cap, and Steve loved him for it.  “And I wasn’t forced to invite anyone I hate, so that’s definitely a plus.”
The man went flying, his body hitting the pavement hard, and bouncing.  Steve stomped down on an ugly sense of satisfaction.  Through the crowd, people darting away, ducking and running for any available cover, he saw Happy and Rhodes pushing their way out from the street.  “Get him out of here!” he yelled, and to their credit, they were doing that before Steve finished saying it.
"It does not matter," Jarvis said, and the elevator started up again with a faint, almost imperceptible jolt.  "He wants to be.  And he cannot.  And when he cannot, when he is aware of his own, what he would consider his failings, the presence of his parents adds to his stress.  They serve as a reminder that he cannot be what he wants to be.”
Tony leaned back in his chair, his expression incredulous.  “No,” he said, and the single word was nearly a question.  “You don’t.  There’s absolutely no reason to pay them the least amount of attention, Steve.  Just-” He flipped a hand in the air, a dismissive little twitch of a gesture.  “Don’t show up.  Hell, if you’re determined to adhere to social conventions, there’s an errand boy out front, likely kicking my landscaping.  Send a polite letter of resignation, and I’ll give him a shiny coin to deliver it.”
She nodded, her eyes sharp.  “Last name?”
“Emotionally or, you know, money?” Tony asked, slicing the dough into thin, even noodles.
“It was a good try,” Darcy said to Steve.  She had a plate of shrimp cocktails, the glasses arranged in a neat circle, with a side of cherry pie.  “Did you know that this place has ten different types of cream puffs?”
Sam grinned at him, even as he reached for a box of fried rice.  “There’s like eight of them in there, you can spare one,” he pointed out.
“What did you do?” Greer asked Jess.
"Good.  Then I can murder you with a clear conscience," Tony said.
The answer hit him like a physical blow.  The green house.
She smiled just above the rim of her cup.  “No, it didn’t,” she said.  “You’re far stronger than you know.”
“You’ll regret saying that,” she said.  She headed towards the staff room, moving slowly across the wet floor.  “Bruce?  The dining room’s closed.  Good work.”
Rhodey stood, as Peter held out hand to DJ.  “How long do you need?” Rhodey asked.
“Because you don’t want to leave?” Natasha asked her.
“Oh, wow, that is a lie, that is a huge, shameless lie.”
One of Tony's eyebrows quirked upwards.  "This?  This is nothing."  He reached up to pat Steve's hand.  "If I get into trouble, I'll just tell everyone in attendance to imagine you naked.  That'll give me enough time to escape."
(See the end of the chapter for
“And I’m probably going to shoot you this time,” Carol said.  She shrugged.  “I never said I was good.  I said I was enthusiastic.”
“I certainly do not have them,” he said, scribbling a few notes in the margins of his design.  “It’s amusing that you’d think anyone would trust me with them.”
“Hello?”
DJ nodded.  “No,” he said.  He was perched on a stool in front of the sink, up to his elbows in soap suds.  He was splashed with water, despite the heavy canvas apron tied around his neck and trailing halfway down to the ground.  He grinned at Tony.  “In the back.”
“You may thank me by eating a proper breakfast this morning,” Jarvis said, filling DJ’s cup from the carafe of freshly squeezed orange juice.  He set it down next to DJ’s pad of paper.  “How will you have your eggs today?”
“Always is, when the lord’s home for dinner,” she sighed.  She gave the stain on the carpet a despairing look.  “The young master?”
This time, the pause was a lot longer.  “Did you filibuster?” Rhodey asked at last.
Gyrich paused, one hand swinging down at his side.  “I'll send you a full schematic.”  And then he was gone, wandering off into the mass of human and vehicle traffic.
“I do, too,” Tony said.  His free hand came up, his fingers tapping against his breastbone.  “But I think something’s coming.  Something worse.  Something…  Unavoidable.” He took a sip of his wine.  “And we’re massing something to meet it.  Something just unstoppable.”
“Okay, children, back to work,” he said, his voice amused.  “Mr. Garbage Bag's going down the trash chute now.  Sam, give them something to do before Steve realizes what Clint's doing to the kitchen.”
“Is he any good?” Steve asked.
Cautious, careful, Peter reached out.  The second his fingers touched the bill, Pepper dropped it.  “Congratulations,” she said, brushing off a stool and plopping herself down.  “This is now one hundred percent your problem.”
His voice trailed away, and Steve shifted on the bed.  “Can you come here?” he asked, holding out a hand.  Tony flopped over, just far enough for to peer at Steve, his face tight.  Steve smiled at him.  “And I won't ask you what's going on in that head of yours.”
“It's a waste of time,” Marcy said, tapping a finger against her phone screen.
Natasha sighed, her arms crossed over her chest.  “About two hundred deep, he decided that if he put enough Jell-O into the pool, he could make a gelatin trampoline out of it,” she said.
"No, you're not," he said, glaring up at it.  "You're-"  His mouth worked, trying desperately to force the single word out.  "Not," he managed, and it seemed like a victory of sorts.  He slumped back, his shoulders heaving with the force of his breathing. "Not."
“She lived in space before we started dating, she comes back to earth for me,” Sam said.  He grinned at Steve.  “You okay?”
"With what, exactly?"  Val tugged the scrunchie out of her hair and slid it around her wrist as she attempted to corral her hair into a bun again.  "You've been lying on your back on the floor eating Pringles straight out of the can all afternoon."
Peter made a pained squeaking sound.  “I did!” he said, holding his hands up in a pose of surrender.  “I…  I did!  After we put you in the shower to sober up!  I went back and pulled up the camera file and deleted the most recent video!”
She nodded.  “There are secrets here,” she said.  “Some of which I still may not be aware of.  Perhaps that should bother me.”
“Tony?”  Rhodey's voice cut into his thoughts, and that was enough to shake some of the tension out of his shoulders.  “What time is it?  Are you all right?  Is there-”
He shook both their hands. “Thus making you the smart one in the room,” he said, with a slight smile.
“I’m not mad about the photo,” Phil said, and it was true, somehow.  Clint grinned at him, a little smug, and Phil went back to his forms.  “Don’t make a habit of it.”
Okoye reached for her handbag.  “‘Reclaiming Female Agency: Feminist Art History After Postmodernism.’”
He'd dreamed this so often his body knew what to do anyway.
“Fair enough,” Happy said.  “Any idea where he’s taken himself off to?”
"You can love someone, with your whole heart, and not be sexually attracted to them."  He smiled, just a little, a wry twitch of his lips.  "Sometimes, you love someone so much you think you can be something..."  He took a deep breath.  "Something that you're not, but something that you want to be."  He looked at the boy.  “Something you know you're supposed to be.”
Clea smiled at Bruce as she passed.  “Good morning, Dr. Banner.  Are you well?”
“Off to bed, with all of you,” Jarvis said, collecting the cups from the table.  “There’s guards all over the grounds.”
The fact that Tony leaned in and kissed him was probably to be expected.
“Sure,” Tony said.  His head rolled to the side, studying the pile of books on the table next to him.  “Let's see.  History of New York.  History of Brooklyn.  History of the Brooklyn Dodgers.  Bread cookbook.  Another bread cookbook.  Pastry cookbook.”
Steve's chin came up.  "Is that a problem, Mr. Stark?"
“Please tell her,” Tony said, with more patience than he was aware that he possessed, “to get on the elevator.  And Jarvis will bring her to the right floor.”
For an long, very quiet moment, they stared at each other, eyes narrowed, feet braced.  “She'll do it,” Jess said. “Not even deliberately.  She'll get into a pissing match with someone-”
Miss Potts studied him, one fingertip tapping at her cheek.  “I take it you're a proponent of finding a stool,” she said, and there was no mockery to the words, no disdain.  Just something like warm curiosity.
“Not it,” Jessica said, her finger on her nose.
He’d have to be quick.
Tony headed for the stairs.  Action suited him.  Movement.  Forward momentum.  He might not have known where he was going, but he was damn sure going forward.
Dummy settled down next to him, and Franklin reached up, his fingers gentle against his main support strut.  “You're safe here, too,” he said, his voice quiet, and Dummy's head dipped in a nod.
“But I want a burger, too,” Tony said, heading for the driver’s side door.
She pouted at him.  “Must I?  I'm just-”
“Yeah.”  Steve kissed him again.  “I might've noticed.”  He put the tablet on the bedside table, right next to a very large poinsettia and a vase full of white roses.  “Want to go open presents?”
This whole thing suddenly felt so stupid that Tony wasn't sure why he was willing to ruin one of the best things he'd ever found over it.  “Look, forget I said-”
DJ grinned at him.  “You like it.”
"Close enough," Stark said.  "I want an even number of people at my table, Jan, and you made this mess, you can fix it."
“Right.  Do you really think that deliberately annoying me is your best idea right now?”
DJ bounced across the room, scrambling up over a chair and the small desk, hopping from there to the heavy chest at the foot of Steve's bed.  From there, he let himself fall forward, landing facedown on the bed.  In the silence that followed, DJ giggled into the quilt.
"We have dusted all of the shelves and inspected every one of the books," Jarvis said.  He threw open Tony's closet, his mouth pursed as he considered the contents.  "Perhaps the gray today, sir?"
“You’re sure about this.”
Tony pressed a hand to his face.  “Of course he did.”
“You’re in my parlor,” the woman said, pouring a thin, precise stream of tea into the cup.  She set the pot down.  “A guest in my parlor.”  She looked up, and DJ found himself meeting her eyes, despite his best efforts.  She smiled.  “You’re here to have tea.”
The blue light enveloped his chest, and he was gone.
By the time he ran out of words, they were running out of food, too.  Empty cartons littered the rooftop around them, and Tony was digging the last of the lo mein from the carton.  “And that's why I'm going to fire everyone and replace them with those little drinking birds,” he said, waving his chopsticks around.  “They can hit keyboards randomly just as well as these idiots, and they don't even need health care.”
Tony slumped back into the cushions.  "I can't light it on fire?"
The nothing spread, enveloping books, shelves, swallowing the light whole, the light flickering out as it disappeared.  It was moving, bubbling, thick and viscous, crawling through the air, threads tangling against wood, against walls.
“And you're going to put on a pair of nice slacks and a jaunty sweater and you're going to come downstairs,” Pepper said.  “Because the Avengers party is tomorrow, and you've already had dinner, and the only thing left is to sit in the rec room while Clint and Rhodey mock Rudolph, and you despise that-”
There was a moment of silence, then Steve reached over, sneaking a water chestnut from under Tony's nose.  Tony looked up, meeting his eyes, and Steve smiled, popping the chestnut into his mouth. “Everything,” he said.
“Well-”
“We send texts with cute cat pictures,” Steve said.
“If it were to bring you comfort, I cannot see him objecting,” Jarvis said, just as the door to the elevator opened.  “He worries about you.”
DJ took a deep breath.  “Oh.”
“What, about the panicking PhDs?” she asked, waving him off.  “Not your fault, buster.  They work for SHIELD; they know entirely too much about too many things, and unlike the rest of us, they actually try to make all those things make SENSE.  That’s the mistake right there.”  She looked at Sitwell.  “If you bring up Game of Thrones one more time…”
“Sure, I've got the color swatch in the truck, wanna come see?” Steve asked.
“Wonderful, there are some pears that-”
Tony turned his arms up, pizza next to some of its core ingredients.  “Balance,” he said.
“Yes,” DJ said.
“And trust me, I can hear the comments already.  ‘Oh my kid is picky.  My kid only wants hot dogs.  I’m not paying for real food for my kid he won’t eat it.’  Fuck.”  Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “Do you know how easy it is to make a kid happy?  Even a picky kid?” he asked.  “Kids like control.  Kids like to feel like they can choose.  Why the fuck do you think fucking Lunchables is a thing?  Everything in a Lunchable is trash!  Everything!”  His voice rose to a dangerous pitch.  “But kids love them!  Because they get to choose!”
DJ took a breath, and another, trying to slow his heart rate.  The room was featureless.  If there were walls, he couldn’t seem to focus on them.  Just the heavy wooden chairs, the cushions a dark wine redc, and the wooden table, and the carpet beneath their feet.  He wanted to look up, to see if there was a ceiling, but for some reason, he couldn’t manage it.  “I…  I don’t know you,” he said, forcing each word out.  “I don’t-”
“Right.  Right.  Same here.  Anything you’d like to talk about?” he asked, reaching for the Goldfish again.  Harris handed them over. “Because all the questions that are springing to mind aroe about your father and I think I’m trying to use it as a diviniation method of how to deal with my own-”
DJ thought about that.  “Everything,” he said at last.
"Thank," DJ said to Sue.
“No one will deliver here any longer,” Wang told him, his voice dire. “Not even for ready money.”
The world was different now, though.  He could have  more.
“They're cutting me off, so yes, time to move on to someplace that doesn't know I've already hit my caffeine consumption for the day,” Tony said.  “If you ever schedule a meeting for this obscene hour again, Potts, I'll have you deposed.”
“Fuck you,” the man spat at him, and Steve reared back, lifting him up and out and slamming him back against the window.
“Right,” Tony said, rubbing his forehead.  “She, and her cake, can come down to the workshop.  She knows where it is.  She was here yesterday.”
“Fight,” DJ corrected.
Steve took a deep breath.  “Swear to me,” he said, and it came out wrong, it came out like a plea instead of an order.  He swallowed hard, and tried again.  “Swear you’ll take care of him.  Swear you’ll do your best by him, and if you can’t, you’ll find someone who can.”
“Well, too bad.  He’s awake.”  Steve  looked over his shoulder in time to see Tony roll over, pushing at the pillows.  He sat up with a groan, the sheets pooling in his lap.  He shoved a hand through his hair.  “What’s wrong, botbrain?”
“Yeah, you know what?  You don’t get to talk here,” he said, the words cutting.  “He’s here because you lost him, so really-”
“I hate all of you,” Harris pointed out, and headed out of the cafeteria as quickly as possible without actually breaking into a run.
Steve tensed, but Natasha just shook her head, a fond smile on her face.  "Ah, I see.  It's all your fault, then," she said to DJ, who grinned at her around a piece of toast he'd snuck off of Steve's plate.  "Would you like some milk with your breakfast?  Or some juice?"
“I’m a political prisoner,” Darcy said as she was half marched, half carried, past Tony’s pew and up the aisle. She didn’t sound particularly concerned.  Harris, completely unescorted, trailed behind by a few steps, hands in the air.
“No,” Tony said, but either getting rid of what he could, or the adrenaline must’ve helped, because he when Jarvis caught his arm, he was able to stumble to his feet.  “Yes.”  He swiped the back of his arm across his mouth.  “Yes.”
Carol looked just as rough as Rhodey did, her face pale and her hair sticking up in off-balance clumps.  She was wearing what looked like one of Tony’s button down oxford shirts and nothing else that he could see.  She leaned a shoulder on the door frame, her arms crossed over her chest.“Anyone have any hints for getting Clint out of the bathtub?”
Darcy propped her hands on her hips with a grin, her chin up and her shoulders back.  It was a pose that did good things for her figure.  “What do you think?”
“There’s certainly no rush, sir.  We have enough rooms, I’d planned to put this one aside for you in any case,” Jarvis said, unruffled as always.  He set the tin down on the bedside table and picked up a pair of Steve’s pants, holding them up with a faint frown.  “These need a good pressing.”
“Instead he found Peter,” Steve agreed.  “And I think Peter is all he found.  He doesn’t have DJ, and I doubt he can tell us who does.  He’s probably still on the grounds, and if we wait him out, or shake everyone down, we can find him.
"Maybe he went up the trellis again," Tony said, his voice rising to an unfortunate pitch.
“Shark one,” DJ agreed.
Okay, so the previous five tries hadn’t worked, Tony had either hadn’t been close enough, or had gotten distracted, or someone else had been closer, but Steve was stubborn and the night was still young.  He could absolutely do this.
“I would, sir, but then your breakfast would go to waste, and we have rules in this household about wasting food.”  The words were accompanied by the rattle of dishes on a tray, a sharp punctuation mark on the sentence.  “The chef was kind enough to make you eggs benedict this morning.”
“Please do,” Jan said.  “Last time I saw him outside of a meal, he spent twenty minutes lecturing me on my hemlines.”  She pointed her feet.  “Tony.  Marry me.”
“Wins WHAT?” Steve asked him.
Tony looked over his shoulder in time to see Steve come wandering into the kitchen, his hair a tumbled mess and his expression still sleepy.  “Great,” Tony said.  “And what is that in Japanese?”
“Want me to handle it?” Natasha asked, straightening up to her full height.  Billy stared at her, his eyes the size of dinner plates.
Tony pressed his face into his hands.  "Oh my god."
He tossed Bruce a turnover, and Bruce managed to catch it.  “The rest, I picked up as I went.  Jarvis helped, with the things Mr. Stark particularly liked, and staff were hired for the big house parties and the like, and I learn a lot by watching someone else do their thing.  But mostly, I fumbled through, learning as I went.”
“I don't like children,” Tony told him.
“This is absolutely true.”  Steve threw his arm around Clint's shoulders.  “Come on.  Let's go have a nice, leisurely breakfast.”
"And THAT'S why I've never seen the inside of Tony's bedroom," Steve said with a painfully wide smile.  "Because all evidence to the contrary, I do value my mental health.  At least a little."
Steve smoothed a hand over his head.  “Would you blush and stammer like a schoolboy?” he asked, and there was laughter in his voice.
The burst of laughter caught him off-guard, slipping out before he could choke it back.  Stark grinned at him, his expression smug, and Steve wished he could figure him out, could make him make sense.  "Oh, are you a king now?" he asked, his voice wry.
“Oh, I did, but someone removed it,” Tony said, setting the poker back into the rack.  “With a great deal of enthusiasm, as I recall.  Heaven only knows where it ended up.”
“Wait.” Clint held up a hand, his eyes huge.  “Wait.  Wait.”
Natasha measured several cups of flour into a mixing bowl, her movements quick and efficient.  "We tried to rob the place," she said, with a wry smile.  "It didn't go so well."
Miss Potts took a sip of her tea.  “Of course.  I might even answer it,” she said, her lips curving against the china.
“And what have you done for us lately?” Phil asked.  He made a notation on his tablet.  “It's just a few select representatives.  Go out there, hang some lights, smile nice and get it over with.”
“Oh, please, I've held entire conversations with you while you've been unconscious,” Pepper said.  “Your medical files points out that just because you're talking doesn't mean that you have a pulse.”
“My hand to God, I shall be here when you return, whole and unharmed and surrounded by small, well sugared children,” Tony said. “You may go now.”
“That’s both surprising and appreciated,” Steve said.
Sam grinned at him.  “Unlike the rest of you moochers, I have a job,” he said, his voice full of laughter.  He grabbed a plate from the pile.  “And you’re lucky to get my company as often as you do.” He nodded at Steve.  “How’re you doing, Steve?”
Shiro set out rows of bowls, the movements swift and efficient.  “You should try again.”
“Do you think this is a problem everyone has at their wedding reception?” Steve asked Sam.  “This seems like a common thing. Maybe they mention it in 'Modern Bride.'”
An arm reached past him, and Tony jerked upright, adrenaline knocking his heartbeat into overdrive.  He rocked backwards on his stool, and collided with something big, warm, and solid.
“Yeah.”  Steve glanced at the door.  This was the right choice.  This was always going to be the right choice.  He took a deep breath and told himself that he absolutely couldn't smell Tony in the air, that familiar mix of expensive cologne and machine oil.
Rogers gave a slight nod, his head tipping forward.  “I can’t stop him,” he said, his voice quiet.   “I might not be happy about.  But I’ve come to terms with it.”
“Oooooooookay,”  Jan started, and Bruce made a break for the pantry.  “First of all, we would not have to fight the plant, and second of all, if we did, the plant would win.”
“If I have to deal with it, it’s major,” Pepper said, her voice dire.  “Keep it out of the papers, and them out of handcuffs and I’ll consider it good.”  She held out her hand.  “Do we have a deal?”
Thor glanced at her, one eyebrow arched.  “What is it?” he asked.  “A toy?”
Tony considered the length of the bannister, his hands propped on his hips.  “I think it’s entirely possible,” he admitted.
And a very familiar song started playing over it.
If he was lucky, he'd be there when Sue brought in a sample of the day's bread for Tony to approve.  Tony's would always be plain, so he could judge the texture and taste and look of it.  But the slices that Sue slipped to Steve were slathered with fresh herb butter, or topped with pickled vegetables, crunchy and sweet beneath the biting tang of the vinegar and salt.  When it was cold and icy out, the streets of New York gray in the early mornings, she would give him lemon curd, so perfect that even the smell of it was enough to make him remember summer evenings and sunshine.
“Probably someone from Asgard,” Clint said, leaning over to make a change to the sketch in front of him.  He still wasn't wearing a shirt.
"Well, this should go well,” Tony said, bouncing the phone against his palm.  “How far are we from home, Steve?”
“I don’t care though.”
There was a long moment of silence.  “Not tonight,” Jarvis said at last.
Sue leaned in.  "Tony.  Did you build a child down here?”
“I want a burger,” Tony said aloud.  “Cheeseburger.  Everyone shut up.”  He pointed at Clint.  “You.  Drive.”  He let his head fall back against the headrest, his eyes sliding shut.  “Wake me when we get there.”
The boys ran past, Peter’s feet sliding on the wet floor.  Steve rubbed a hand over his mouth, trying to hide his smile.  “And more than enough energy,” he said.
There was a long beat of silence, broken only by the continued discussion down on the main floor.  “That,” Bobbi said, her voice awed, “was a thing of beauty.”
The words trailed away as he realized that the workshop was empty.  He paused, his eyes narrowing into slits.  "Something's missing here."   DJ held up a piece of paper, never bothering to remove the cloth from his head.  Tony reached out to take it from him.  "Thank you.  Very helpful.  If you're interested in a position as my secretary, you should reconsider this, because it's a horrible idea."
But he was hungry.  He was always hungry.  He swallowed his pride, and followed her down the winding staircase to the kitchens.
Benito was already shaking his head.  “We are dead center of the lunch rush,” he said, his knife a blur as he chopped.  “Let’s cut to the chase.”
Her head tipped to the side.  “Together?  Sometimes.”
“This might surprise you, Mr. Stark, but space?  It's a pretty wide open expanse,” Abby said, adjusting her glasses.  “And occasionally, things get past us.”  She leaned back against Sam's chest, and he looped his arms around her waist.  “We're working on it.”
“Wonderful, one picture and we can find you a hammer.”
"Yes!"
Her eyebrows arched.  "Thought that might've been your first."  The wind kicked up and she nodded towards the door to the lobby.  "C'mon, it's cold out here."
Tony really wished it didn’t.
He turned back to the tea.  “Nice to know it’s that easy,” he said, and he was proud of himself.  That sounded almost normal.  “What’re we watching tonight?”
Steve nodded, even if Tony couldn't see it.  “Tony?  What's the bread today?”
Steve’s fingers flexed against his leg.  “I’m guessing he got to the gate, and found it already open.” He looked at the window.  “Fire’s still merrily burning, things are still in an uproar, he likely hasn’t been missed from his post.  But now he suspects that he’s being double crossed.  He’s lit the fire, and if he’s caught, it’ll be on him, because he doesn’t know who hired him, not really.
“Right,” Pepper said.  She reached into her bag, pulled out a bill and slapped it into Peter’s hand.  “Half now.  Half on delivery of a disaster free night, Peter.”
“Yeah?”  Harris paused, spoon halfway to his mouth.  DJ gave him a nod, his cheeks flushing.  Harris grinned at him.  “What’s she like?”
"Out, out, yes.  Not out," the boy agreed.  "But everyone should be here.  This-" He gestured again, his face bright, his cheeks flushed below the edges of his glasses.  "This is for everyone.  Tonight, it's for everyone.  But not everyone can be seen.  So-" He tapped the mask.  "If no one is seen, everyone can be seen?"
“Twenty thousand,” DJ said.
“Very good attempt, sir,” Jarvis told him, taking the basket out Tony’s hands.  “Thank you, Miss Van Dyne, I shall have this emptied and returned to you in due course.”
Steve did his best to keep a straight face.  “Yeah, he’s…  He’s not high on my list right now, either.”  He glanced at Bruce, eyebrows raised in a silent question, and Bruce gave him a thumbs up.  He nodded, and turned his attention back to Tony.  “Are you-”
Tony's stomach growled.  "I haven't had anything but toast in two days," he said.  It was a lie, but it was a lie that Bucky would appreciate.
“So we set out,” she agreed.  “And in an hour or so, we are well into the grasslands.  With a half dozen very embarrassed men, and a few dozen very frustrated goats.  Because the goats?  Knew where the city was and they were ready to get back to their comfortable paddocks.  Through this comes the King of Wakanda, who is well aware that he is being judged by a vast array of goats.”
Steve frowned at him.  “Yes,” he said, drawing the word out.  “Mr. Stark, are you-”
“Sam's incoming, but still at least an hour out,” Jan said.  “Tony, you need to clean up before you go in there, you're just going to-”
“You’re such a fake,” Steve said, letting himself be towed.  “Rhodey says-”
“You loooooooove me,” Darcy said, as agents in combat gear and crisp black suits moved around her.  She didn’t seem to notice.  Harris put a gentle hand in the middle of her back, nudging her towards the line at the register.  “Wait, hey, I didn’t-”
O'Brien considered that.  "And yet, when he was brought in, those were the first words out of his mouth.  What're we to think, Rogers?"
“Perfect.”  Some mumbled words in the background, then, “I think Peter wants one, too.”
Bruce's eyes squeezed shut.  “Of course it was,” he said.  “But that doesn't mean-”
Tony nodded.  “Uh-huh.”  He leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees.  “How're you really feeling?”
Steve bit back a smile.  “Nothing,” he said.  “Or-”  He stopped.  “It’s not his fault, I think, I just-”
Steve shrugged.  “Sure, for an afternoon, but this place would require a lot of childproofing before that happened.  I mean, the stairs alone.”  He headed back to the kitchen.
"Yes, one person has the good taste to handle their private matters privately, and the other has to be shamed into doing it," Morrison said.
DJ made it halfway through the movie before he snuggled up in Tony’s coat, his eyes at half mast.  Not long after that, his breathing smoothed out, his head lolling to the side.  He was sound asleep long before the credits rolled, and even the lights coming back up did nothing to rouse him.
Shuri groaned, and Nakia nudged her gently with one shoulder.  “They will not stop,” she said, smiling at the girl.  “Eat it and you can leverage that later.”
“I love you and want to be best friends,” Darcy said to her, holding up her champagne glass.  Wanda tapped her glass of milk against it.  “Can I stay?  Are there any openings in your coven?”
Jarvis chuckled.  “I think you sell yourself short, sir.”  His head tipped forward, just for a moment, hiding his face.  When he looked back up, that serene smile was back.  “But this isn’t a world you are used to, so perhaps you’ll forgive an old man for his meddling.”
Carol tapped a finger against her lips.  Her short, spiky blonde hair was tipped with green and red, a festive touch of color despite her black turtleneck and running pants.  “Were you sorority sisters or were your mothers just tennis partners?”
“Do not bring up your charity calendar idea,” Ellen Ning said grabbing her by the elbow. “Jesse. No.”
He paused, trying to find a diplomatic way to put this, and Stark glanced up.  “Scripted?” he asked.
“Also that,” Tony agreed.  “How's Marcy doing?”
Tony nodded.  “Right.  I’m not sleeping on the couch, as comfortable as it looks,” he said, trying to keep his voice light.
“That goes without saying,” Iron Man said, one hand coming up, the back of his knuckles ghosting over DJ’s cheek.  “You were already grounded forever.  Now you are grounded for so long that I’m going to end up as a brain floating in a jar, immortal, unending, existing just to maintain your grounding for a couple of decades past ‘forever,’ and you should be proud.  You are the reason why immortality will be invented, just so make sure-”
“What’s Parker?” Peter asked from the kitchen door.  “Why, what’s happening?”
Tony gave him a look.  “Does it have recipes?”
Tony made a pained noise, his head falling back, and God, but that was a lovely view.  “When did you develop subtlety?” he asked.  He looked down at Steve, and his eyes were brilliant.  “In all seriousness, you are the bluntest human being I’ve ever met, and now?  Now you try to be subtle?” He leaned in, his fingers spreading against Steve’s chest.  “I have been in a constant state of confusion and arousal for the last two weeks and I don’t know which one was more painful, next time, will you please just say ‘wanna fuck?’ so we don’t have to do this?”
“Yes, but your reputations are based on causing problems and giving me headaches,” Tony said, stabbing a pen in his direction.  “So.  Not much of a loss.”  He gave the cat a look. “Do you promise to be...”  He scowled at the cat.  “Minimally destructive?”
Steve reached for it.  “That might be the best photo of me she’s taken,” he said.
She nodded.  “Will he know?”
"Good," he said, just as the customs officer reappeared from the rear office.
Tony looked up as an unfamiliar man came cutting through the crowd.  His suit was well-tailored, his sunglasses polished to a mirror shine, his red hair cut in a crisp, unattractive crew cut.  Tony eyed him for a moment, then pointedly turned back to the schematics scrolling on the monitor in front of him.  “Sorry, I'm in a committed relationship at the moment, if you're looking for a wingman, you'll need to-”
“I might,” Peter said.  He blinked.  “Would…  Would that work?”
“You're shameless, you know that?” Carol said to Jess, who hugged the painting to her chest.
"You did good," Steve agreed.  "I saved you some hush puppies and a couple of brisket sliders."
“He can’t stay,” Tony said.
“Right,” Tony said.  “I need a drink.”
Jess raised her hand.  “Idea.”
“Is that a guess, or-” Bruce let the question trail away.
"Well, that's worse.  Anyway.  He can eat in the kitchen," Tony said.  "We can't have an uneven number at the table."
“Wait.” Jan’s head popped up.  “Sam?” A bright smile broke over her face.  “Why are we getting Sam flowers?”
“Fuck you,” Ellen told her, because yeah, that was kind of true.  But she didn't have to admit it.
When the final wave came, when it crashed over his head, when it swallowed him whole, it was never a surprise.
Steve watched them head towards the elevator, bumping off of each other like pinballs in overdrive.  "How're they doing?" he asked, his voice pitched low.
“I'll get you a vase,” Pepper offered.
Natasha took the rag away from him and ran it under the tap, wringing it out with ruthless efficiency.  “What if I promise not to stab you?”
“I agree, but a man who feels he’s been stiffed of half or more of what he’s been promised may not make good choices,” Steve said.  “I think he came here, hoping to find the men who hired him or what they were looking for.”
He closed his eyes, and fumbled for the doorknob.
He pivoted on one heel, still holding his shield, and found himself face-to-face with Tony Stark.
“Tony?” Nebula braced her chin on one hand.  “Unless you’d like to join us for a rousing discussion of colonialist themes in modern art styles, it’s time to go.”
She nodded, her cheek rubbing against his shoulder.  “I know.”  Another moment, and she pulled away, her cheeks wet, her nose red.  “I know that.  And more importantly, Franklin knows that.”  She gave him a wobbly smile.  “Thank you, Steve.”
"Odds are even that Happy's just luring him into the nearest alley to mug him," Tony said. Steve nodded. "Really? No response to that?"
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked.
“That's...  Probably not the best idea,” Pepper said.
“Feeling’s mutual,” Sam called over his shoulder, and Steve tried not to laugh.
"And she's still lying," Tony told him.  He ripped apart a garlic knot, gesturing with the chunk of dough.  "I mean, they're either hers or Luke's, and Luke would own up to it.  He owns up to the copy of 'Bambi' that's in there."
Peter managed a wobbly smile.  “Yes, ma’am.”
Steve blinked.  “Wait, what-”
He sucked in a breath, warmth sweeping over him. When he went to reply, his hands were shaking. “Not sure how I can work that in.”
“What happens if it’s different here?” Harris asked, and DJ flinched, a small twitch of his shoulders.  Harris smiled at him.  “I’m not trying to be-”  He stopped, because DJ’s fingers were holding onto the hem of his shirt, his fingers pulling hard on the cloth.  He glanced at Darcy, who shook her head.
“Tempting fate,” Drew said, setting his tray down and grabbing his cup.  “I’m going to go get a refill.  Shawn?  Want anything from the vending machine?”
Marcy nodded.  “They're fussing, but-” She wobbled a hand through the air.  “That's what they do.”
“And Steve,” Carol said.
Jan’s head came up.  “And what happens when we massively over order and end up with piles of food no one wants?”
“You’d look boss,” she said.
“Because you or my mother fed it to me.”  Tony shot a glare in Jarvis's direction.  "What am I supposed to do with him?" he asked, his voice pitched low.  "I don't know a thing about children."
The thug made a grab for him and Happy tossed the stub of his cigar in the air.  “Pull,” he called, his voice bright and breezy.
“I might've been lying about that,” Tony admitted.
Tony took a deep breath and reached for it.  “Under duress,” he said, his voice dark, as Darcy handed out the badges to the others.  “What did this cost me?”
Tony didn’t move.  “Don’t you fucking lie to me, Rogers.  Don’t you fucking do that, I-”
His hands flexed at his side, trying to work the ache out of his bones, out of his knuckles.  He probably should’ve gone back to his flat, instead of here.  It would’ve been faster.  And safer.  But something drew him back to this house, something that he needed to start fighting.  But tonight, he was tired, and he craved silence.
Steve exhaled.  “Joe sent me,” he said.
Tony curled his hand against Steve’s cheek.  “Better?” he asked, with a smile, and Steve exhaled, all the tension bleeding out of his face.  Tony leaned forward, resting his forehead on Steve’s.  “I’m right here, Steve.  Not going anywhere.”
“No,” Steve and Greer said at the same time.  She held up a hand, and Steve gave her a high five.
“No!” The word had a giggle to it, and Sue slowly straightened up.
“Was this last week or the week before?” Steve asked, just to hear him laugh.  He looped his arms around Tony’s waist, tipping his head forward to let Tony finish messing with his hair.
Pepper arched an eyebrow at him, a faint smile twitching at the corners of her lips.  “I can't stop talking to you entirely, Tony.”
Steve smiled at him, and it didn't feel as fake as he'd thought it would.  "Still here," he said.  They were alone in the conference room, and he didn't know when that had happened, exactly.  When the others had left.
“I’m right here!” Darcy called.  “Also, we make a cute couple!  Everyone says so!”
DJ reached out, stroking Furbro's head.  "Protects the dragon from the world," he said, and it was more words than he ever bothered to string together, and Steve grinned at him.
Tony froze, his hands on the waistband of his pants.  “Why?” he repeated, blinking at Steve.  “What do you mean, why?”
“Is that what you tell yourself?” Steve asked him.
“Is this-”  She started to laugh.  “Is this a crate of this year’s chia pets?”
“I know.” A beat of silence, of stillness, and then, Tony swung, one hand cutting through the holograms in a vicious, roundhouse punch.  The light shattered, raining down to nothingness.  Tony turned to face him.  “I know.”  His shoulders rose and fell, something like a shrug.  “I mean.  I’m the last one here to attack anyone’s coping mechanisms, because, God knows, mine are fucked up, they are, and I know they are.”
“But it used to be that we didn't discuss things like this, these kind of-” She winced, her face drawing up in distaste. “Sexual arrangements.”
A large, leatherbound version was placed gently in front of him.  "I'm sorry, sir, I heard you had a complaint."  Steve's head jerked up, and Tony was there, smiling the way he did when he thought he was putting one over on the world, his dark eyes dancing.  He leaned in, whispering into Steve's ear.  "I found you one with prices."
“I own the place, my turn is first,” Stark told him.
The trip was mercifully short, barely a minute later, the boy was opening a door, letting Tony slide in.  “Can I get you anything else?” he asked.
She turned the skeletal remains of the armor, her gaze fascinated.  “How many of these have you built?” she asked, an idle, disinterested question.  “And how many of them were built to face a particular threat?  A threat only you could see?  A threat only you even know is a threat?”
“Dunno,” Clint said.  He was doing his best to fend off a SHIELD medic.  Natasha was sitting on his other side, cleaning a gun and keeping Clint from fleeing entirely.  Tony wasn't sure if the gun was a threat or just a coincidence.   Clint gave Gyrich a shit-eating grin.  “Things got pretty chaotic there at the end.  What with a giant robot getting blown up.”
The door to Phil’s office opened, with enough force to slam it against the wall.  Natasha leaned in, one hand still braced on the door knob.  “Hi, Phil,” she said, with a wide, dangerous smile.  “Can I have a word?  Outside?”
“We don’t tempt fate, you and I, we know better than that.”  She bent her head to her soup.  “Don’t we?”
“Thank you!” he said, tipping the chair onto its back legs, bracing one foot on the front of Phil’s desk.  “So you’re mad because of the photo?”
"I'm sorry, ma'am," Steve said, his brow furrowing. "How old are you?" She blinked at him, and he tipped his head forward. "Because you're talking like you've been around for a hundred years, and you're confused by the rapid change to social norms." He stopped. "Wait, that'd be me."
"Who doesn't speak French."
“Want to go for a walk?” Steve asked.  He braced his elbows on his knees, leaning into them.  “We can explore a bit?”
Steve exhaled on a desperate laugh.  “Yeah, that happens,” he said, and Tony's fingers squeezed his.
“You’re both insufferably cruel,” she said, tossing her hair over her shoulder with a flick of her hand.  “Come on then, Steve, I’ll make a dancer of you yet.”
“Both of you, in.”
“Indeed it is, sir, and one might do well to wonder if perhaps there were a way to avoid it,” Jarvis mused.  He buttoned Tony's vest, his fingers quick and steady.  “Perhaps you have some ideas on that front?”
“Uh-” Steve managed.
Steve stopped, his eyes narrowing as he considered the question.  “I don't know,” he said at last, with an easy smile.  “I had favorites when I was a kid.  Adventure books, and science fiction.  Books about cowboys and war reporters.”  His smile stretched.  “There was one, about a cabin boy who ended up being captured by pirates?  I don't remember the title, but I checked that out so often that the librarians just started putting my initials, rather than my full name on the card.”
"Go polish your shoes and make sure you look presentable, and, remember, keep.  Your mouth.  Shut." O'Brien went back to his paperwork.  "As much as you're capable of, at least."
“She does deserve credit for that,” Drew said, his tray braced on one hip.  He took a sip of his soda, his eyes wide over his pursed lips.  “And I deserve credit for not snorting soda out my nose.”
“Because it ties the outfit together,” Sitwell said.  “Take him to medical, have them look him over, you’re not going to be able to leave, we’ll be on lockdown until-”
"Yeah, but you are realistic," Pepper said.
“Well, I sure as hell ain’t talking about her,” Bucky said, gesturing at Shuri.
“I suspect I’m exceptionally hung over now,” Tony said.  “Exceptionally.  Painfully.  Horrifically.”
Steve took a seat, reaching for a potato from the top of the pile.  "How'd you end up working here?" he asked, flicking a strip of peel away from the blade of his knife.
“And knowing my luck, I'll end up photographed with hat head.”
Tony glared at him.  “I was an asshole and you didn't deserve that, and I shouldn't have done it.”  He stopped.  “I'm...  Working on that.”
"Tony-" Pepper started.
“So this was taken before their relationship was public,” Ellen said.
“I am not losing to a plant,” Jess said.
“We're not going to have sex in the car,” Steve said.
She bent her head forward, not quite fast enough to hide her smile.  ‘What if I promise to restrict my stabbings to non-fatal areas?”
“I might’ve missed lunch now that you bring it up,” Tony said.
He was running by the time he got to the escalators, and he was a man in a suit and an angry look on his face; people moved out of his way.
“I expected nothing else, to be honest,” Bruce said, clambering to his feet.  He tucked his book under his arm.  “We were still waiting on a response from Thor.”
“I’m not really comfortable with this-” Peter started.
Obie was laughing.  "Took a day for our new project," he said.  He paused at the foot of the stairs, his hands propped on his hips.  "Think that things can toddle along without me for one day."
“He is only the owner,” Okoye said.  “As the head of security?”  She gave him a pleasant smile.  “I make sure he does not have to have a problem with it.”  She stabbed a finger in his direction.  “No minors.”
“If I eat breakfast, will you stop talking?” Tony mumbled into his pillow.
Carol held up her hands in a pose of surrender.  "Hey, look, when I was fifteen I thought one of my brother's friends was going to be my forever-after, true love Romeo.  The fact that he was ten years older than me and a certified creep didn't sink in until about ten years after I finally wised up and broke it off."
“I hear two honest ‘yes’ answers and one lie of a ‘no,’” Tony said.
“You just can't get good help these days,” she said with a straight face.
"Oh, a cup of tea would be marvelous, thank you," she said.  “It's been a very long day.”
“You're ungrateful, that's what you are,” Tony said.  He landed, his feet digging into the concrete of the floor.  A man in what looked like a black and orange lab coat made a lunge for a nearby panel, and Tony snagged him by the back of the coat.  “Don't know where you're going, but I know it's a bad idea to let you get there,” he said.  “Can someone-”
Tony waved him off. “It’s fine, I’ll get him,” he said, an amused smile on his face.
"I can just eat in the kitchen," Steve said.  “I'm fine with that.  And it seems like it'll be easier than-”  He paused, then gestured at himself.  “All this.”
She looked back at him.  “A need that no one else will see coming.  If he's right, then that means we'll have a captive market.  We'll be selling, months, perhaps even years, before anyone else.”
The two girls came to a stop, and Tony nearly lost his fried dough.  He bobbled the plate, trying to keep the apple filling in place, looking around in confusion.
The door to the workshop opened, and Tony swung around.  “Jarvis!”
“Right,” Val said, at the same time Franklin said, “Sorry.”
“He’s not.  He’s just-  He’s very convenient to blame things on,” Tony pointed out.  “So I don’t like him.  He just had a purpose.  Scapegoat.”
Pepper’s face swam into view, and she was beautiful, beautiful and pale, her eyes wet, her hair loose around her shoulders in a copper colored cloud.  “There was…  There was an attack,” she said, and that was as far as she got.
Curious despite himself, Steve moved the weight aside, lifting the lid.  A gentle waft of warm steam came with it, scented with onion and black pepper.  “Potato?” he asked, considering the creamy liquid inside.
He stayed where he was, letting the others leave the room ahead of him, and before he followed them, he looked over at May.  She gave him a smile and a slight nod, and it hurt to return the gesture.  Then he was out the door, pulling it shut behind him.
"I'm here, and I'm alone, and neither of us thought to bring a beard," Tony said, his voice tired.  "If I walk in there now, they're going to go nuts."
Peggy'd known, he was pretty sure.  He was certain Bucky had.  The others, if they'd suspected, they'd never said a word.  Which was the best he could've expected back then.  That the people who loved him had known, had accepted, had kept his secrets and protected him.
“And that'll be handled, don't you worry,” Hogan said, his voice cheerful.  “But we've got a bit of a situation, and Miss Potts thought that you might be able to help.”
DJ smiled. “Not my dad,” he said. “And I can fly.”
Tony shook his head.  “No.”  He tapped his chest.  “Tony.  To.  Nee.  It's-”
“What’s the message?” DJ asked.  Fury paused in the act of taking a bite of the sandwich, and DJ leaned forward.  “You said.  Message.  What was it?”
DJ looked at Tony.  “I don’t want eggs,” Tony said with a smile. He didn’t have much of an appetite this morning.  Or any morning lately.  To Jarvis, he said,  “Just toast for me.”
Steve wanted to laugh.  Or cry.  He wasn’t sure which.  “The ship I was on went down, like you said.  Almost fifty years ago.  No one will believe-”
“He’s going,” Steve said.
“Minimize its effect.”  Phil tapped the folder with one fingertip.  “Know what doesn’t minimize the effect, Agent Barton?” Clint opened his mouth and Phil just kept going.  “Taking that incursion, along with a planeful of other people, all of whom are on SHIELD’s ‘absolutely uncontrollable’ list, all the way across the country and expose several thousand people to that incursion.”
Tony took the envelope, tapping it against the palm of his other hand.  “As long as there’s coffee,” he said, stepping out of the way, “it’s a gift I’ll gladly accept.”
“Yeah, well, looking at the comment section-”
Jessica paused in the midst of pulling her hair back in a ponytail.  She considered Steve.  “Fuck no.”
Steve’s mouth opened.  Closed.  “I was getting groceries,” he said.
"There." Stark stepped back, his dark eyes catching Steve's as he did.  He smiled, and Steve shivered, not sure why his skin had broken out in goosebumps.  "Straighten your cuffs, and you'll be ready for the ball."
“That you’d take care of me, no matter what,” Tony said.  “I know, Obie, I know, but I think the old man has to acknowledge that there’s only so many years you can spend at that job.”
“She just wanted you to have a proper escort,” Bobbi said, coming up beside him.
Memory hit Tony sideways, a wave of fear and adrenaline riding right behind it.  The movie theater.  The gun.  The smell of blood and the screech of tires, and DJ’s face, almost as pale as Pepper’s, almost as-
insulted by the very thought.
“Now!” Darcy called, and together, she and DJ pulled back the doors, each of them throwing a fistful of rose petals in the air.  For an instant, everything was roses and light and the sound of a tinny, recorded pipe organ.
Steve rolled over, trying to find a comfortable spot to rest.  But no matter what angle he chose, what position, after a moment or two of stillness, he could feel the mattress give way under him.  It was slow, insidious, the way it seemed to collapse out from under him, drawing him down until he was sure he was going to suffocate.  Like it was going to swallow him whole.
“I think I have,” Shuri said, nodding.  She ticked off the words on her fingers.  “Conquest.  Knowledge.  Catapult.”  She gave a firm nod.  “It is foolproof.”
Alcohol was a seriously bad idea.  He knew that.  Surviving Steve was bad enough now without adding liquor to the mix.  But Tony nodded.  “Give me in fifteen minutes.”
“Barracks isn’t far from here,” Sam sad, falling back between Steve and Bucky.
DJ gave a firm nod.  "Yes."
“Stop this,” Carol told them.
“How about I give you a bowl of soup and join you on the couch and we can try to improve your opinion of it?”
Steve reached past him, pulling the last mug out of the box.  “‘Believe in Captain America,’” he said, with a grin.  “‘But Bet On Iron Man.’”
Harris nodded.  “Okay.  C’mon, we’ll go dig through my closet and find you something you’ll be comfortable in.  Otherwise, it’ll be airport tourist t-shirts for everyone.”
“I don't...  Care if you're disappointed in me?” Sam said.
“We both know how that’ll go,” Tony said, biting back a smile.  “But give it a try anyway.”
“Okay.”  Steve stirred his oatmeal and reached for brown sugar.  “Want some juice before you change?  Or just a bite of my oatmeal?”
O'Brien's mouth twitched.  “You're a piece of work, Rogers.  A real piece of work.”  He picked up an envelope from his blotter.  “Miss Potts has petitioned the mayor for a police detail to protect Mr. Stark, and as it turns out, the commissioner thinks that staying in Stark's good graces is worth taking you out of the rotation.”  He held out the envelope, pinned between two fingers.  “In a surprise to no one.”
Phil opened his mouth, and Clint leaned forward in his seat.  “Right?”
Tony nodded.  He nodded again.  “Can someone else-”
Tony frowned at the bubbling contents of the test tube.  “Check the database,” he said, making a minute adjustment to the flame.
“Really,” his mother said, her voice flat.  “You don’t know why you’re suddenly asking about the old ones?”  She propped a hand on her hip, her head tipped to the side.  A single curl of copper-gold hair had slipped free of her pins and she pushed it back with an impatient hand.  “Has Mrs. Doyle been filling your head with wild tales again?”
“No,” Deej said.  He nudged Jane’s box with one foot.  “Open presents.”
“In New Jersey,” DJ said, almost apologetic about it.
He stared at it.  “Better than you can.”
“It takes Stark a minute, but finally, he picks up the other plate, and sits down across the counter from me, and he eats.”  Clint glanced over at the pan.  “And when he finished, he stood up, and nodded, and said something in French, and left.”
Steve's eyes closed.  “Just because I couldn't be a hero, doesn't mean you'd have to give it up, too.”  He sounded tired. Resigned.
“Thank you.”  Tony caught Natasha’s eye.  “Get Happy for me.  I have a job for him.”
DJ looped his arms around Tony’s neck.  “Okay,” he said, and then, “It’s okay.”
“Well, no,” Peter said.
Harris licked his spoon.  “Does this happen in like, a separate plane of existence or like, in a magical realm or-”
“I regret it,” DJ said.
“Uh, Rhodey is shaking his head ‘no’ at me,” Peter said.  “Because Tony insisted on driving.”
Steve frowned at him.  “A book,” he said, his voice flat. Tony nodded.  “In…  Water.”
“Would I have asked you if I knew, do you think I just enjoy having this conversation with you?” Tony asked.  He spun on his heel, facing Steve as he walked backwards.  “That I just find an excuse to bring up questions that-”
Luke grinned at him.  "Yeah, somehow, I'm not surprised."
(sips tea) I do not want to know how long this has been in progress, 2020 was a completely lost year where I...  Struggled a lot with mental health issues.  Everything slowed down, or came to a complete stop, because it didn't seem worth it to try, when putting words on paper (metaphorically speaking) was such an effort and it seemed like no one cared.
“I have good, loyal men already on the payroll,” Obie pointed out.  “Men I already know, who you already know, there’s no reason-”
“So if you hire a caterer, they’re not going to be in the kitchen cooking these things to order.  I don’t care what they’re telling you, they’re not.”  He tapped a finger on the menus.  “If your menu is the size of a phone book, you’re getting 90% of it from a freezer, and I don’t object to that, but I also don’t see the point.  Why are we hiring a caterer to reheat frozen empanadas when we know a place that makes them fresh and already has proven willing to deliver to us?”
“I don’t like Fury,” Tony said.
“My life has been really fucking weird,” Clint said, slapping a ‘THIS World’s Greatest Archer’ nametag on his chest.  It was his sixth one, including ‘I’m the hot one.’.  He went to work on what was going to be his seventh.
From off camera, Steve's voice came, clearly amused.  "Comfortable?"
Sam huffed out a breath as he came up next to Steve and kept running.  Steve fell in with him.  “I’ve seen people run from their feelings,” Sam said, his voice tinged with amusement.  “But you always did take things pretty literally, Rogers.”
Despite everything, Steve had to struggle against a smile.  “I don’t do it for you?”
She shook his hand, her expression stunned.  “I’m Trip.”  She looked from Tony, to Tony, and back to Tony.  “So if he’s Tony Stark, then who-”
He paused, blinking.  “What was I saying?”
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “And that-”  His fingers went to fists and he shook them out, trying to get rid of some of the tension in his arms.  “I started having, uh, dreams, about-”  He stopped.  “Dreams-”
“He had some help,” Bobbi said.  They crested the edge of the grounds and headed down, towards the wall that circled around the orchard and the lake, down into the darkness, lit only by the moon.  She didn’t seem bothered by that, but he supposed she knew the way even better than he did.  “And a lot of things had to happen to land me there.”
Carrying a plate, Tony went back to the fridge, giving the door a kick on his way past.  “Shut up, you dumb appliance, or I’ll give you something to cry about.” Balancing the plate on his hand, he put a jar of mustard next to the bread and grabbed a head of lettuce, tossing it towards the counter.  “Do we know what kind of pickles these are?  Because I’m pretty sure pickles, but no label, and you’re usually responsible for unlabeled food-”
Jarvis’ voice cut through the room, sharp and hard, and Tony froze, instinct born of a lifetime of dealing with the ‘obey or die’ voice kicking in.  Jarvis strode across the room, a tray held easily in one hand.  “I would remind you that you have been injured, and it is only due to Dr. Banner’s quick and efficient work that the situation is not far worse that it is,” Jarvis said, his voice sharp.  “You will not undo his efforts in a fit of pique.”
"Not really, no, because I'm sitting in a very nice, very empty room by myself," Steve said.  "In a very nice suit."  He stared at the array of silverware that surrounded his place setting.  "Wondering why they've given me six forks."
“Always.”
She chuckled, glancing in his direction.  “They’ll get it done,” she said, her voice serene.  Her hands never stopped moving, the peel falling away from the blade of her knife and into the waiting bowl.  She paused, cutting away a chunk of bruised flesh.  “And God Almighty knows, they both have time for a bit of play.”
“Because his other idea was to take care of things in the fume hood while in bot form and-” He huffed out a breath that was almost a laugh.  “Cap, uh, he would definitely have had an opinion on that.”
Tony pushed at the blankets, trying to shove himself upright, and Bruce lunged across the room, making a grab for his shoulder.  Tony shook him off.  “Where-”
Clint was somehow unsurprised to find that Jarvis had materialized directly behind them, his movements utterly silent.  “Do you just sprint up the servant’s stairs?” he asked.  “Or do you have an actual identical twin who you use just to scare the hell out of us?”
“Yes,” Stephen said.  Strange said something under his breath in a language DJ didn’t recognize.  Stephen gave him a look, responding back in what sounded like the same dialect.  For a moment, the two of them mumbled at each other, getting more animated with each exchange.
“She would-” Stephen stopped, an unreadable expression flickering across his face.  His eyes closed.  “She’d be blocked.”
Left with few options, other than to collect DJ and make a break for it, Steve followed him.
But the lights were dimming, the mammoth space of the theater going dark, and DJ rocked back in his chair.  Tony squinted at him through the gloom, but the movie was starting now, the light of the projector flickering over the crowd.  All around the massive auditorium, people were shifting in their seats, excited murmurs and applause drowned out by the sound system roaring to life.
May’s foot came down hard, stomping on Obie’s wrist.  He screamed, and the gun thumped against the carpet.  “Mr. Jarvis, if you would?”
“It’s all so foggy,” Bucky said, with a deliberate wobble to his voice.  He reached up, touching his scarred temple with fingers that shook.  “I just-”  His eyes were huge when he looked back at Steve.  “Are you sure?  That she’s told me?”
Steve frowned.  “Is he-”
“Yeah, I figured you had no idea what was going on,” Sam said.  “Or you would've kept it more...”  His eyebrows arched.  “Private.”
“And you’re going to fight.”
Steve laughed.  “I like you naked,” he said, and Tony shuddered.
“Anyone sane, yes, but well….” Bobbi steepled her fingers over the peak of her hat.  “That’s in rather short supply around us.”
"Really?"
“Tentative?” Rhodey asked, sounding put out on Tony's behalf.  Tony appreciated that.
Steve arched an eyebrow at him, but did as he was told.  Tony moved in, his expression unreadable, his dark eyes fathomless.  His hand came up, his fingers trailing across Steve's chest, the touch whisper light against the fabric.  Steve's breath hitched in his throat, his heartbeat pounding in his ears.  It took everything he had to hold still, to hold himself in check, to not do something stupid, something embarrassing, something that would give everything away.
"Of course you have."
“Yes,” Jan breathed.  “Oh, how marvelous, I’ve always wanted to cause a scene, can we still get a table at the Ritz, Tony?  You’ll have to invite Obie, of course, he’ll suspect something if I bring it up, I should ring over immediately to-”  She clapped her hands in front of her mouth.  “I need a ring.”
Sam leaned back against a tree, his arms crossed over his chest.  “Feel free,” he said, his eyebrows arching.  “My orders were to bring him back.  You were never part of the deal.”
This was going to be a very long six months.
Instead, he picked his way to the middle of the design, and crouched down, the box braced on one knee.  He took a breath, and another, and tried to ignore the way the light seemed to match it.  He reached out, his fingers spread, and pressed his palm against the stone.
Tony pressed a hand to his face.  “This is about the frogs, isn’t it?”
“I would never.  Despite the circumstances,” Tony said.
Natasha gave him a pitying look.  “Please, Phil, she had your father dialing on another phone halfway through that conversation..”  Natasha stepped inside, shutting the door behind her.  “And once Clint hung up, she took that phone from him and requested that I come down here and let you know that, and I quote, she can disown you at any time and she’s prepared to do it over this.”
Slowly, deliberately, Clint smiled. “Well, that’s a fascinating question,” he drawled.  “But still not the right one.  The one you should be asking is that first one.  Go back to asking what my last job was.”
“Next time I give you an order, Mr. Stark,” he bit out, setting a foot on the stairs with brutal intent, “I goddamn expect you to follow it.”
It was like breathing, it was like his heart beating, it was like taking a step or standing up, it was easy, it was necessary.  It was just embedded in his bones now.
She grinned.  “I do love a challenge.”
“So many things,” Tony said, scowling down at his plans.  “Among other things, whoever approved this is an idiot and deserves to be fired.”
Darcy blinked at him.  “The Matrix?”
“Right,” Steve said, taking a cautious seat on the bench across from her.  “What can I do for you?”
Sam nodded.  “Right,” he said.  “Got your fortune for you, Steve.”  He stepped out of the way, and Steve slipped past him and out of the kitchen.  “‘Beware the fury of a patient man.’”
Tony reached the main hall and ducked around the staircase, to the small alcove built beneath the stairs.  For a moment, he thought he’d gotten it wrong.  The small lounging sofa appeared to be empty, and the water in the fountain spilled down into the shell that formed its base in near silence.
“I’m not mad,” Tony said.  “Mrs. Parker isn’t mad.  Chef isn’t mad.  I want you to not be scared, or upset, or angry.”  He paused.  “Do you want to talk?”
“I didn’t actively swear or throw anything,” Tony said.  “So I could also have been worse.”  He was flipping through holographic folders, pulling out diagrams and schematics, setting up columns of numbers all around him, like a wall, like a cage.  “Which you know.”
“I have not,” Steve said, smiling down at the screen.  “I went down to the gym for a few hours to…” He struck the enter key with a little too much force.  “Work off some aggression.”
“We-  We weren’t naked,” Steve started, but Greer was laughing so hard that he was pretty sure no one heard him.
Natasha took a deep breath.  “Well, you’re batting a thousand,” she said, and he wanted to argue, but didn’t see the point.
“Only now?  I must be doing something right.”  He tapped Tony on the nose with the thermometer.  “Open.  Up.”
“This is my punishment,” Tony said to the ceiling.  He shoved back the blankets, rolling to his feet.  “For all my sins, this is how I am humbled.”  He snagged his dressing gown from the foot of the bed and shrugged into it as he headed for the door.  “Because who can complain?”  Tying his robe shut with a sharp yank of his hands, he wrenched the door open.  “You are my penance and my punishment, all at once, you know that, don’t you?”
DJ nodded.  “Thank.”  The rest of the words caught in his throat and he hated it.  He took another breath, trying to focus on that, on the steady, controllable flow of air.  In.  Out.  In.  Out.  “Thank.  You.”
“I have people for that,” Tony told him.  “And those people have clearly been falling down on his job, because I am not sure when-”  He stopped.  “Right.  End of the week.  No.  We do not have any plans.  I’m not sure what plans I should be-”
Greer grinned.  “Seems accurate to me,” she said, holding up a piece of the chestplate.  “He’s not hissing, but it’s a close thing.”  She leaned back on one hand, smiling up at Steve.  “Bruce is having a time of it, let me tell you.”
Steve realized that Tony was staring at him, a curious tension on his face.  Steve reached out, his hand cupping Tony’s cheek.  “I do.”
“Okay.  Can I see your pass?” the staffer said with a smile.
“It's fine,” he said, his fingers smoothing over Steve's head.  “I'll just bring it up in every argument we have for the next year of so.  That's all.  No big deal.”
Her smile lit her face, and he had the idle thought that his Ma would've liked her.  Would've liked her a lot.  “Glad to meet you, Steve.”
“I don't see that working,” Steve said.  It sounded nice, though.  It sounded...  Very nice.
Happy looked at him, his eyebrows twitching.  “They’re all Stark Industries people,” he said.
"Don't-" she started, but he was already scrambling in through the window, landing on Hammer's chair with enough force to send it spinning, and from there, launching himself across the desk and towards the closet.  Pepper watched, stunned, as he hopped up, one foot landing on the doorknob and using it to propel himself upwards.  His fingers closed on the transom window above the closet door and before the office door could even start to open, he wiggled through the gap and out of sight.
“You, your sleeves rolled up, your hands buried in bread dough,” Tony said, leaning into Steve's touch.  “Barefoot.  Singing along to a song no one remembers-”
“What happens other half?” DJ asked, rolling his bottle between his hands.
Peter took a hopping step backwards towards his room.  “I can help, I can-  Just let me get my shoes-”
“Yes, but this time, you did it in front of everyone.”  He did not sound amused.  Clint winced.  “A giant robot threw a bus, and for once, that giant robot wasn't aiming at you, and you chose to run directly into the path of that bus.  In front of everyone.”
“It was…  A long time ago,” he said.  “But carrying it is habit now.  Even if you can’t get it working again-”
She looked back at Steve.  Back to Strange.  “Which one?”
“I don’t know, but considering he kept eye contact with Coulson the entire time he was handing the package over and while Clint was unwrapping it?”  Natasha shrugged.  “I’d say revenge.”
“The hole punch was probably not the best choice,” Steve agreed.  He leaned his forehead against Tony’s.  “He has almost unlimited resources, Tony, and he used it to help people.”
“He’s my student,” one of the Stranges said.  “And a protective spell caused-”
Tony peeked out from between his fingers to find Jarvis smiling at him, his expression benign.  “Shall I draw your bath, sir?” he asked.
“Patrolling the grounds again,” she said.  She paused, one eyebrow arching. “He’s quite dedicated to his job.”
Harris watched them go, trying not to grin.  Darcy, for her part, just leaned her chin on the top of the cafeteria case, looking sadly at the fruit cup.  “Give it up,” Harris told her, poking through the ‘grab and go’ containers of sandwiches.
DJ shook his head, very slowly.  “Not at all,” he said.  “But you’re never going to tell them that.”
“Yeah, it's fucking rude,” Clint said.
“Okay, that’s enough,” Steve said, and it wasn’t loud, it wasn’t angry, it was just…  Firm.  Absolutely certain.  And DJ froze, his eyes wide.
“Go put your bed back together,” he said.  “And maybe we'll do waffles.”
Jess raised her hand.  “I have answers.  And like, the best tamale lady in the city on speed dial.”
The words were like a shot of adrenaline, straight to the basest part of his brain.  Tony sucked in a long, slow breath, trying to ignore the sudden spike of arousal that curled through him.  There was something wrong with him, he'd always known that, but he was pretty certain that the combination of that voice and those words were going to haunt his dreams in the best possible way in the days to come.
Bruce stopped, his eyes blinking rapidly.  He brushed the crumbs of the pastry off of his hands, and nodded.  He looked up, meeting Steve’s eyes.  “In a grave,” he said, his smile never wavering.  He nodded at Clint.  “Save me some, uh, something for lunch?  I’ve got to weed the back garden, and-”
“It was one time,” Tony said, giving the ceiling a beseeching look.  “It was…  It was one time.”
“I think he’s done for the night,” Steve said, even as DJ latched onto Tony’s shirt with one hand, pulling himself a little closer.
“Well, fuck, I'm down for it if you are.” She leaned in. “Have you considered-”
Tony paused.  “All the more reason to burn it.”  He gestured at the fireplace.  “A short trip to a fiery end.”
Tony was seated at the desk next to the bed, his jacket hanging from the chair behind him.  His shirtsleeves were rolled up to his elbows, his vest unbuttoned.  His dark hair was rumpled, showing clear furrows where his fingers had dug through the locks.  The lamp cast the planes of his face in stark relief, accenting the high arch of his cheekbones and sweep of his lips.
Sue squeezed his hand.  “Saturday.”
"Now, now," she said, smiling.  "We appreciate you having us for dinner, Tony.  You always have the most interesting company.”
“That’s what you’re wearing tonight,” he said, and Steve grinned at him.
DJ raised his hand in a little wave.  “Hi,” he said.
“Give them here,” Thor said, holding out a hand.  “I'll dispose of them.”
She stared back.  “The trash?” She gestured at him, with long, graceful fingers.  “You’re…  From the hotel?”
"I blame you for this," Tony said, out of the corner of his mouth.  "You.  And only you."
“Shut up and drink your beer, Rogers,” he said.  He reached for one of the pizza boxes.  God, he hadn't realized how hungry he was until he'd smelled it.  Steve handed him a plate, and Tony helped himself to a slice, over flowing with chunks of sausage and thinly sliced onions and peppers.  “So, what are we doing here?  You picked a movie yet?”
Coulson gave him a polite smile.  “I wasn't briefed on her before the incident,” he said, one hundred percent bureaucrat and proud of it.  “If I had been, I could've-
Tony folded the napkin back around the food, not willing to eat it.  Not yet.  It was going to be a very long night.
He rocked forward, and his knees went out from under him.  He could see the floor looming large in front of him, rushing up to meet him.  But Natasha got there before the floor did, her arm going across his chest, holding him upright.  He resented it.  And he resented it even more that he needed it.
“And I wasn’t,” Tony said.  Steve gave him a look.  “I’m still not.”  He paused.  “Though honestly, now that I think about it, that does sound like what someone who’s cheating on you would write.”
“Yes.”
“Aaaaand I’m just going to take this now,” Wanda said, reaching for the broom, her attention on Agatha.  “Agatha-”
“Most of the schematics were-”
“He’s going to puke,” Harris said to DJ, sinking down to sit on the floor next to him.  “On something expensive.”
Jan leaned forward, her hands clamped on the edge of the workbench.  “Oh, that’s nearly as good.”
Laughing, Steve pulled back.  “I love you.  How much of this powder do you have?”
Steve watched them, his chest aching.  “Let’s get you home,” he said, straightening up.  His legs trembled under him, and he locked his knees to hold himself upright.  “Both of you.”
“Right,” Sue said.  “What's wrong?”
“No, he didn’t,” Jarvis agreed.
Tony glared in Steve's direction.  “For a man who is supposed to be good under fire, Rogers, you panic easily when it's a camera aimed at you and not a gun.”
Stark straightened up.  "Huh."
“I don’t want to date you,” Steve burst out.
“You old faker, you know exactly where his place is,” Steve said to Isaiah.  “Stop angling for a free meal.”
“You involved Thor,” Rogers repeated.
“Be prepared to replace it at least once,” Tony said. “Show me where to find the green room and I'll give you something to publish.”
“Right. Fuck.” Tony threw back the cold dregs of his coffee, ignoring the way his stomach had started to churn. "Who-"
“Fine, two, I will revolutionize two American industries, but you drive a hard bargain and I want it known that I expect at least six months of complete isolation for this.”  He gave the glass of scotch a morose look, but he knew better than to reach for it.  He did sit up, though.  Small steps.  “I do not want to talk to the press, the politicians and anyone I know for at least that long.”
“All that they had,” Steve said, tipping them into Tony's arms.
“Boss!  Boss, it’s me, it’s Happy, it’s-”
“Of course,” Tony said, because it was cute that Steve thought that was going to happen.  Steve scowled at him, his eyes narrowing, and Tony tipped his chin towards the door.  “That little redhead’s trying to steal one of the flower vases.”
“This is the BEST gift,” she corrected.  She grinned at DJ.  “Do you follow Deathclaw’s Instagram?”
He couldn't breathe, he couldn't breathe, he couldn't breathe.  He could feel the air on his lips, on his tongue, on his throat, but he couldn't breathe, no matter how hard he tried, no matter how his body fought for oxygen.
"Like SCONES," Tony said, thrusting his hands out.  "But with a y!"
Tony opened his mouth to object, and Hank’s eyebrows arched.  Tony sighed.  “Fine,” he said, bracing the box on one hip  “He was easy on the eyes.  And with better manners than most of the guard.”
Tony’s hands caught the front of Steve’s sweater, his fingers locking on the fabric and pulling him in, and Steve let him, laughing as Tony’s mouth found his.  The kiss was everything he’d been hoping for, and it was somehow so, so much better, even as their noses bumped and the back of the couch became an frustrating impediment.
The knock on the door made him jump.
Jesse took the picture from her and dug into one of her pockets, coming up with a blue marker.  She snagged the cap in her teeth and yanked it off, leaning over the picture.  For a second, she scribbled at it, then held it back up.   She'd drawn a blue mask and cowl on the blonde man.  “How about now?”
The creature arched up into his palm, rubbing the elegant curve of its skull against Harris’ fingertips.  Darcy watched, her chin propped on one hand, her champagne held carelessly in her other hand, as Harris smoothed a hand over the creature’s back.  “So what happens when he stops petting the Ancient One?”
For a moment, Tony was still and silent.  Then, at last, “Thank you for asking.”
Sue stared at him, then down at DJ.  DJ threw up his hands with a broad grin.  "Magic!" he crowed, with so much enthusiasm that it startled a laugh out of her.  She clapped a hand over her mouth, but he seemed pleased with the reaction.
“And what would that be?” Tony sounded like he was talking through clenched teeth.
Jarvis stepped inside the bedroom, a tin box in one hand.  He closed the door behind him with his usual brisk efficiency.  “I came to see if you needed any help with packing.”
“The hobo van is absolutely the backup plan,” he said.  It didn't even seem like a bad backup plan.  Of course, if he had to sleep in a van with Steve within arm's reach, he'd probably die from sexual frustration.  But it would be worth it.  “We'll find little acts of heroism.  Paint a mural.  Fix up a playground.  Change a tire here or there, or a window pane.”
Tony resisted the almost overwhelming urge to reach up and smooth his hair back into place.  He wondered if it felt as soft as it looked, and it was inappropriate, it was dangerous, but it was the least of what he'd caught himself wondering about Officer Rogers in the past few days.
Natasha looked at Steve, who shook his head.  “I’ve got his back.”  He pointed at Billy.  “Watch this one for me.”
“It's six months,” he said, with a lopsided smile.  “I'm trying to think of it as rehab.” He waved his coffee cup through the air.  “A way to make up for my dissipated life.”
“How-”  Ellen took a deep breath.  “We know that Rogers and Stark left the US; they're listed on a government envoy release.  We know that there's a flight plan filed that shows them en route to Latveria.  We know that as of last night, Latveria's borders are closed, though no one knows why-”
Clint held out a hand. “You accepting the terms?”
“At least he tries,” he said, giving Ty a stern look.  “You, meanwhile…”  He let his voice trail away in a meaningful manner, and Ty looked away.
Stark's pencil stilled against the page.  "There's no fixing it," he said after a moment, going back to his calculations.
"You might've had something to do with how this all worked out," Steve said.  Tony turned a stricken face in his direction, and Steve held up a hand, his index finger and thumb an inch or so apart.  "Tiny something to do with it."
“And that’s when you realized he was still alive?” Bucky asked.  The fire crackled behind him, and he gave it a suspicious look, but didn’t stand.
“I'll take those,” Stark said, holding out a hand, and Rhodey held them out of reach.
“Let's just assume that I will, in fact, take it the wrong way, because if history has taught us nothing, it's that I am incapable of taking things the right way,” Tony pointed out, “and therefore just not say it.”
“Wait.  What's happening?” he asked.
Her rough face softened as Steve handed over the paper wrapped packet.  "Ah, but a good boy you are, too good to an old lady like me."  She turned it over in her hands.  "Soup bones?"
Clint scowled at her, another sing-song burst of nonsense spilling out of him.  Natasha's head swung in his direction, as slow and precise as a snake identifying its next meal.  "I'm sure," she said, her voice silken and dangerous, "that the chef would be pleased to poach you an egg."
“I think-” Justin said, and that was more than Tony had expected to hear from him tonight, but Ty cut him off.
Luke paused, giving Sam a narrow eyed look.  “Really, man?”
Tony huffed out a breath.  “That works, too.”
Reaching the center of the dance floor, he turned, taking one of Tony's hands and settling his other in the center of his back.  “I apologize in advance for stepping on your feet,” he said, as quietly as he could.
“He won’t find them, he can’t, you need to be-”  The words tangled in his head, and DJ thrust an arm forward, letting the magic flow through him, letting it spark across his skin.  “Me.  I can find them.  They have to, have to let me-”
“I did try, sir,” Jarvis said, at the same time that Charlie said, “Yes, sir, he said it was fine.”
"Playing file six-three-five-one," Jarvis said, and the huge screen went dark for a second.  When it flickered back to life, it was to a scene of a heavy wooden galleon sailing across a calm sea.  Within minutes, a sea battle had broken out, cannons flashing and half-naked men slashing at each other with swords.
“I Hope we don't have to go that far,” Steve said.
Sam patted him on the back.  “C'mon, Cap, I'll help you salvage your art supplies.”
“Getting the lay of the land, stay here,” Bucky repeated.  “You’re too loud, and you know it.”
“It never does, with him,” Okoye said.  “Do you have any idea how many times I’ve banned him?”
“I’m not reassured that you had to say that,” Steve said.  “When did you-”
“No, the difference is that you can get a needle onto a plane,” Wanda said.  Everyone looked at her, and she slurped up a strand of spaghetti and gave them a wide smile, her lips stained red with the sauce.  “Not appropriate?”
“Some days it feels like it.”  Tony braced his hands on the small of his back, trying to work the kinks out of his shoulders.  “What’s the problem?  There’s no alarms and no one’s running around grabbing weapons, so what’re we looking at here?  Past due on the grocery bill?  Thor get into a diplomatic incident over street food again?  You need me to get you reservations at Per Se because they’re not returning your phone calls?”
“I wouldn't, but-” Natasha gave an elegant shrug.  “My tell-all biography will benefit from it.”
“Clint.  Pixie Sticks.  What happened?”
Steve choked on a laugh.  “Come on, Stark.”  He tugged gently on Tony's hand, and Tony followed him, down the street and around the corner, into a nearby parking lot.  On the end of one row, in a visitor's spot, Steve's motorcycle was waiting, gleaming in the late afternoon sun.
“Your house,” DJ gritted out.  “Tried to EAT ME.”
“I used my fanciest script, with all the flourishes,” Caiera said, grinning.  “And put a teeny tiny little heart as the dot on the exclamation mark.”  She stripped her gloves off and tossed them at the trash can.  “Totally on the house.”
There was a beat of pause.  “I love you,” Shuri said to Nakia.
Clint shrugged.  “Okay,” he said.
Rhodes' smile only got wider.  “I'm sure Tony would be pleased to hear you think so.”  His head tipped in the direction of the car.  “That's one of his.”
The elderly lady sighed.  “She’s fooled many people, Wanda.  I have no intention of being on that list.”
"Comfortable enough, and just, it's your kitchen floor, so I know it's clean, so, right, it's fine.  Fine."  He exhaled, and it rattled through him, his face twisting with the force of it.  "Fine."
“I can tie you up like seven different ways,” Jesse said, and every head in the room swung in her direction. She didn't so much as change expression. “None of them involve a Windsor knot.”
“Those things are expensive, can you not use ‘em as props?”  The voice echoed through the fog above them, and another form in black, a bow slung over one shoulder, slid down the drainpipe.  Clint landed with a surprisingly light tread, the arrows in his quiver sighing against each other.
Steve set his book against his stomach, resting one broad palm on the spine.  Tony had never envied a book so much in his life.  "Had my medical check today," he admitted.  "And afterwards, I was told to wear them."
“A little.”  Steve shifted his weight from one foot to the other.  “And speaking of which...”
“It just needed to be cleaned, actually, there was some grit in the gears and a bit of rust, but it came off easily enough,” Tony said.   “All done.”
“That's good, too.”  Tony glanced back at the workbench.  The schematic hung there, a menacing presence even in its wireframe model form, and he'd never hated anything as much as he hated that empty shell in that moment.
“There,” Steve said, his voice soft.  “Want to know what I’ll do?”  He smiled.  Just a bit.  Just enough, all the confusion, all the anger, all the frustration gone.
There was a huge, lopsided bundle of brown paper tied to his back with a sling of rope.
Steve considered her, and then Rhodey.  “Is the greenhouse locked?” he asked.
“DID I ASK?” Tony repeated.
Clea took a breath.  “I think,” she said, and it was just as quiet as he was, “that he didn’t tell you he was coming to us, because he has no desire to remind you that he’s as much a being of magic as I am.”
He glanced up, and Steve had stopped laughing.  He was just staring down at his fingers, his face blank.  Tony felt his stomach sink.  "Hey," he said.  "Sorry, it's okay, should've asked you what you wanted, we didn't discuss it or anything, but I saw that one and thought you might-"  He stopped.  "Here, I've got it-"
“DJ, do you want company for dinner, or are you tired of people?” Val asked DJ.
There was a beat of silence as everyone looked at him.  Tony reached for the cup again, anything to avoid their eyes.  “We don’t know that,” Pepper said at last.
Bruce took it.  “Well, what’s happening?” he asked, wrapping both hands around the cup.  He made no move to drink it.  His eyes darted around the room.  “Do we…  Do we know what’s happening?  Downstairs, I mean?”
Tony shrugged.  “And least one of those has been there since my father's time, and another two were Natasha.”
Clea smiled.  “I know it does not count for much, but I love your child as well.”  She held out a hand.  “If you cannot protect him, I will.  I swear it.”
Jan looked at Steve, and Steve shrugged.  “I’m not a lesbian,” he said.  It sounded apologetic to his ears.
“Yes,” DJ said, very certain about that, and Clint laughed again.
“I’m getting this!” Happy said, and even Steve could see that he absolutely wasn’t.  Clint, for his part, had a certain lithe grace, an ease of movement that helped cover up his total lack of skill or training.  Steve had no idea what he was doing, but he made it look good.
Tony froze. "Oh, fuck."
“Classy,” Tony said.
“Congratulations,” Danvers drawled.  “You now own a cat.”
Steve reached up, gently touching the edge of the gauze that was visible over the top of Tony’s shoulder.  His eyes darted to Tony’s, and Tony sighed.  “I don’t know if you noticed the state of Mjolnir,” he said with a wry smile.  “But there was a small altercation.”
He just wanted to talk to Tony.
Tony's head came up.  "Jay?"
It wasn’t fast enough, nothing was fast enough, time slowed down.  Stopped.  He felt his feet slip, then catch on the sidewalk, shoving his weight forward with every bit of strength that he had.  The gun wavered, light flickering as it moved, the man stumbling backwards.  There was a crack, a snap, something breaking, something coming apart, and then someone started to scream.
Nicholas grinned, wide and bright.  “Yes, I was.  We didn’t meet often, you and I, but I remember you.  And I was there the day that Phillips added you to the line of succession.”
“You tried, Jarvis.”  Steve crouched down next to Tony, one hand coming up to rest lightly on Tony's shoulder.  “Hey.” Tony's arm twitched, and Steve's thumb swept over the fabric of his shirt, rubbing back and forth.  “Tony.  C'mon.  Time for bed.”
“Noooooooo,” DJ mumbled, and Tony started to laugh.
“And we did,” Clint said.  He caught Happy’s hand and spun him in a circle, the muscles of his shoulders tensing as he manipulated Happy’s greater bulk with quick, efficient movements.  “And we do.”
Steve had heard more than his fair share of gunshots, both in the trenches of Europe and in the narrow alleyways of New York.  He knew the sound far better than he’d like, and every time he heard it, he was always hoping, on some level, that it’d be the last one he heard.
Steve realized he was gripping the brim of his hat too hard, bending his cap almost in half.  He relaxed his fingers, one by one, trying to smooth it flat again.  “Some people can survive being taken,” he said.  “And others can't.  I think DJ can.  I think he can see Mr. Stark's world, your world, and come back down to-” His hand snapped out, gesturing at the dark, ragged buildings that crowded in on the street, too many of them, too close together.  “To this.”
Franklin batted at his chest, brushing away the crumbs.  “Look, I-”
“Right,” Tony agreed.  “DJ, hand me the pliers, I need-'
Jarvis smiled at him.  “If that child is going to go back to the orphanage,” he said, his voice quiet, almost gentle.  “You will be the one doing it.  It will not be Miss Potts.  Or Officer Rogers.  Or me.”  He straightened his jacket.  “If you make the choice that he is better off there, than he would be here, then you will be the one to carry that out.”
“Mr. Stark, I don't think-”
Jess hopped off of her stool, reaching across the narrow space and unlocking the door long enough for Rhodey to slip through.  “Thanks,” he said, nodding at her. “Did you save me a-”
Steve reached for his sketchbook.  “I have a…”  He shook his head.  “Let’s just say I have a…  Previous engagement tomorrow.”  He looked up at Tony.  “Raincheck?”
He smiled back.  “Hi?”
Harris leaned back against his kitchen counter.  “Well, he walked into my apartment, took his shoes off, asked if he could take a shower and borrow a shirt.  Now he’s lying on the floor of my living room, eating Trix directly out of the box, and letting my cat lick water out of his hair.”
“They’re less mobbed up and more corporationed up, and that’s worse,” Clint said, his fingers drumming on the steering wheel.  “At least with goons, you know where you stand.  Corporate guys?”  He made a scoffing sound under his breath.  “It’s not like we’re robbing the place.  Hack it.”
“Okay,” Harris said, because he was pretty good that way.   “Know what room your dads are in?”
Tony braced an arm on the ladder, his attention half on the photographers that were wandering the room, snapping pictures of Clint as he struggled to untangle the Christmas lights.  “I know,” he said, his voice pitched low.  “Look, if you can play along, if you can do this-”
“Wha-”  The word was half out of his mouth, only halfway, because Clint could see things he couldn’t see, Clint could see things, and Clint’s face was bone white, his eyes huge, Clint-
“This is becoming a house of ill repute, and I shall not stand for it,” Tony mumbled into his water cup.
Tony heaved a very deliberate sigh. “I'm sensing there's something here that you're not saying, and I'm tired, I'm very tired, so how about we just get to the point?”
Tony bit his lip to keep from laughing.  “Excellent.  Glad we could get to the root of your many failings.”  He braced an arm on the doorframe.  “What were-”
“Yeah, know what you have at home?  A bed.”
“Don’t bother.”  Steve made every effort not to look at it.  “I won’t be wearing it again.”  He headed for the main hall at a deliberate pace.  That was the problem, wasn’t it?  He’d forgotten who he was.  He’d forgotten what he was here for.  He wasn’t a man of leisure, he wasn’t one of the fancy set.  He shouldn’t be lounging in plush seats in swell clothes.
“I mean, I made it, I can make it in bulk,” Tony managed.  “What do you want it sprinkled-”
Pepper settled down on the well-worn quilt, tucking her legs under her and smoothing her skirts down around her knees.  "Sit down and eat," she said, reaching for the crock of baked beans.  "Natasha, did we bring out the chow-chow?"
He ripped the pages free of the binder, the plastic sheets snapping as he pulled them hard against the rings.  Turning a corner, he tossed the binder down on the nearest table and just kept walking.
Tony frowned down at the note.  "The writing looks like Rhodey's," he mused, turning it over to look at the back, "but this is clearly a man who doesn't care about his job or our long standing friendship."  He looked back at DJ.  "What time is it?"
She gave a quick nod.  “Yes.  Me.”  She pulled a folded piece of paper from her jacket pocket, presenting it to Tony with a flick of her fingers.
Steve took a deep breath. “Why did you think I was?”
Darcy nodded.  “Want a desert run?” she asked, waving a shrimp tail through the air.  DJ stared at her, puzzled, and she grinning.  “When I was down in New Mexico, and everything got too loud, and too frustrating and too-” She gestured.  “Just too much for me?  Clint would throw me in the back of the nearest car and we’d drive out into the desert, far, far out there, beyond the lights of town and beyond the SHIELD teams, and out into the nothing.”
“You better pay my damn bail, you used me as a distraction,” Clint said.
“Yeah, I'm sorry, but Reed-”
The floor was looking more and more attractive.  It might be hard, but at least it could be trusted.
Bobbi grinned at him.  “It suits you,” she said, her eyes brilliant.
"Okay!"  Steve tilted his head to the side in time to see Sam come striding in from the men's locker room, clad in shorts and a t-shirt.  He clapped his hands together with a bright grin.  "Let's get our dance on."
Tony slumped back onto the bed.  Right.  Good.  Any night that didn’t end with him throwing up in a trash can was a good night.  Because he had very low standards and his best friend was absolutely the worst.
The massive ballroom had been decorated with a careful hand and an artistic eye.  Clusters of tables ringed the gleaming dance floor, their silvery white linens matching the glittering crystals in the chandeliers and lighting fixtures. The place settings were black with a matte gold edge, the champagne flutes gleaming crystal.  Tall, delicate, art deco style vases sat in the center of each table, overflowing with greenery and surrounded by gleaming pillar candles.
“We’re NOT going to Jersey,” Tony said.
That won him an elaborate shrug. “We'll catch up.”
“Yes,” Tony said, squinting at the hole.  “Absolutely.”
“How many of them are owned by SHIELD?” Tony asked him.
She opened her eyes to find him considering her, his expression unreadable. She gave him a tight smile. "I think you can call me Ellen."
“Library,” Clea said, her voice gentle, and DJ looked back at her.  She smiled, and he felt his heartbeat slow down.  “You’ll be just fine, DJ.  I promise.”
“Someone's always going to come for you,” Tony said, because repetition was key for them.  For DJ.  For him, too, saying it made it believable, made it true.  “Steve.  Clint.  Bruce, or Phil, or Rhodey.  Pepper or Nat or Agent Nanny.  Thor or Jane, or Darcy.”  He leaned in, catching DJ's eyes.  “Val and Franklin's parents.  Or Fury.  Thor's mom, or Rhodey's mom.”  He reached out, his hand cupping DJ's cheek, coaxing his head up.  “Strange or Logan or-”
He sucked in a breath, and then another, and that was it, that was his entire world.  The thudding of his pulse in his ears, the hollow, raw sound of his breathing.  He sucked in a breath, and he could feel the grit of stone dust on his lips, on his teeth.  He was blind, he was lost, and he wasn't alone.  He'd gotten to her.  She was here, her head tucked into the cradle of his palm, her body pressed hard against his.
“No, we’re not doing that,” Steve said.  “Help me get this vest off of you or I’m going to rip something.
There was something ominous about how he’d phrased that.  Tony considered him over the rim of his glass.  “And what would that be?”
“Thank you, Jarvis,” she said, draping herself on the couch.  She fluttered her eyelashes in Tony’s direction.  “At least someone here is a gentleman.”
She paused.  “The desert at night is the closest I’ve ever gotten to being…”  Her voice trailed away, and she reached for her cup.  “It made my head quiet.”  Her nose wrinkled.  “If that makes sense.”
“I’ve seen worse,” Steve said.  “But that stuff was starting to wear down my tolerance, so I’m surprised you could still stand up by the time we made it here.”
“I hate you,” Harris announced from the front entryway, slamming the door behind him.  “I-  I want to make that clear, I hate you.”
“I’ve seen it, I’ve eaten it, and I would’ve cheated on you, too,” Bucky said.  “I mean.  C’mon, Steve.  Quinoa?”
"That's it?" Victor asked. "That's your only regret?” He was trying to hold back a smile, his lips twitching. “Chafing dishes?"
DJ settled onto the chair, his heels braced on the edge of the seat, his knees up against his chest.  "Good enough," Steve said, handing him a cup of tea.  "Thank you."
Happy flicked him a salute that wasn't nearly as mocking as it should've been. “Right you are, boss.”
“Everything is a bit easier to take when you have a bit of something familiar in your belly,” Jarvis said.  He stepped around Tony, straightening his lapels.  “So if nothing else on the table looks or tastes familiar, he doesn't have to be afraid.  He doesn't have to be hungry.”
“I'm fine,” he said, slamming the case shut.  There was a door on the far side of the building that he was pretty sure lead to the roof.  “I'll be-”  He shook his head.  “Don't you have enough to worry about, Pep?”
Natasha's hand caught his elbow, tugging him to a stop.  “You all right?” she asked, her gaze sharp.  Tony opened his mouth and her fingers tightened.  “Are you all right?” she repeated, and he subsided.
“Thought this wasn't a reception,” Natasha said.
Hulk shrugged.  “Truck,” he grumbled, sounding displeased with it.  Tony grinned up at him, wondering if Thor had talked him into it, or just handled it all himself.
“I know, right?  I'm a fucking genius.”
Pepper stared at him, her chest aching, but no reply seemed necessary, or even expected.
“Police box,” Steve said.  “Go.  Call the station, we need-”
“All of them?” Steve asked, half amused, half aroused.
“I’m lucky for a lot of things,” Bucky said.  “And you’re lucky I’m willing to wake up in the middle of the night to watch the videos that Tony chooses to upload when you’re out of town for more than twenty-four hours.”
“An hour,” Jarvis said.  “But we may need that long to wake your companion.”
He blinked at her.  "Excuse me?"
Steve’s mouth opened.  Closed.  And leaned in.
Tony stared at him over the top of the car. “Why?”
“And things just got very interesting,” Luke said to Steve.  “Very, very interesting.”
“We’re fucking adorable,” Clint said, and Tony tried not to smile.
“Not fast enough.  And as for you, Mr. Stark-” She glanced back at him.  “If you’ve so much extra time on your hands, perhaps you can pick up the mess you’ve made in here.”
Tony took it, and the disposable chopsticks Steve offered.  “So what brings you all the way out here?” he asked.
“He carries the mark of his making,” Agatha said.  She reached for the teapot, refilling her cup.  “Magic has a particular…”  She paused, a frown crossing her features.  “Wanda, how did you put it?”
Steve wasn’t sure which of them was more shocked by his words.  Tony’s face went blank, confusion sweeping everything else away.  Steve’s fingers relaxed, and Tony yanked his arm away.  Steve stood there, his hand still hanging in midair.  Slowly, he let it fall back to his side.  “What are you afraid of?”
He nodded.  “Yes,” he said.
“For Steve to discuss it with him?” Steve repeated.  But he was smiling, just a little.  Enough.  It was enough of a smile.
Tony nodded against his shoulder.  “I do,” he said.  His eyes met Steve’s.  “I love you.”  His lips kicked up.  “I thought you should know.”
Rhodey started the car.  “Yeah, me, neither.”
Steve smiled at her.  “I’ll remember.”
“Us?” Tony echoed.  “Peter.  There’s no ‘us,’ you’re too young to sign adoption papers, and I’m too old to think that’s at all a good idea, so there is no us, there’s just-”
“As it turns out,” Jan said, stretching one leg up behind her, “the Avengers fall into two categories: either they can dance and they like to dance, or-”
Rogers smiled, just a little.  “A lot of shrapnel damage for a tiller accident,” he said, his voice soft.
Steve looked up.  “My-”
“That’s fine, it’s-” was as far as Tony got; the boy was already off and running, his long legs eating up the length of the massive corridor.  Tony shook his head.  “Want to wait here?” he asked DJ.  DJ shook his head, and Tony smiled down at him.  “Me, neither.  Let’s go follow him.”
Steve rolled his eyes, but he was smiling.  “Private table?”
“You need more scandals,” Tony said to Marcy.
“Yes,” Tony said, peeking under the napkin.  “Did you bring me any of that lemon curd?”  Jarvis coughed into one fist.  Tony gave him a look.  “Thank you, Miss Van Dyne, it was too kind of you to think of me and make the trip out, specifically to inquire after my health and well-being.”
Clint shrugged.  “DJ said we’d know it when we saw it.”
"If this is going to be six months of you complaining of 'thirst,'" Sam said, making finger quotes around the words, "I think I'll be better off without you."  He considered the door.  “So, how are you going to deal with this?”
"Right." Rogers straightened up.  "I'm getting Jarvis."
Something clicked in Ellen's head.  “Wait, were people really getting married last night?”  She grabbed the photo.  “Is this-”  She realized she was grinning.  “They got married?”
He grinned.  “We can start with the soup.”  He leaned back on the couch.  "And move on from there."
“So, what’s your assignment?” Tony asked as the room cleared, people gathering their things and making their way to the door of the conference room.  He leaned back in his chair, one foot braced on the edge of the table, clearly in no hurry to get moving.
“I’m an ordinary man, living an ordinary life.”
Clint pretended to throw the food coloring at him.  Giggling, DJ ducked down behind the table.  “True!” he crowed.
Steve nodded.  Tony nodded back.  “If you’re sure?” Steve said at last.
Tony laughed, and it was ugly and sharp.  “They’re not trying to hurt anyone else.”
