Bobby looked at him.  “You got feelings for that kid?”
“So, when is your nomination for sainthood again?”
A slight tapping on the keyboard, a quick burst of data through the jack, and now Castiel couldn’t speak.  He rolled his eyes wildly, his heart pounding as his uneasiness gave way to fear.
“I’ll say!  There’s nothing here, Cass!  I was expecting, I don’t know, money laundering, maybe an illegal Demon Blood operation.  Anything but turducken!”
“Yes, but not bad.”  Ketch quickly rolled back, moving with Nicholas into the doorway of another room.  “This is Ketch,” he said into his radio.  “We’ve got Novak.  Find Turner and Winchester.”
He didn’t care for the tone of doubt he was hearing.  “I know my duty,” he insisted.  “Dean means nothing compared to the plan.”
When Castiel suddenly vanishes from a moving vehicle, chaos rules
“How did John handle it?”
“Because something like this belongs in a medical journal.
“Alright.”  The hands moved, one sliding down to his shoulder, the other cupping the back of his head.  “This morning, you were telling me that you don’t know what’s real, except for us.  That’s, that’s good, I mean, I’m glad you can at least cling to that.  But see, here’s the thing.  You’re going through something right now.  It’s got you all messed up in your head.”
Yeah, right, as if drugs that fucked up Dean’s thinking and made him slow could compare to Tylenol.
Dean was just about to pull out his phone and play a game or something when the lights in the barn flickered.  Then the metal roofing started rattling violently, as though battered by gale-force winds.  Dean jumped to his feet, looking around.  Several of the designs painted on the walls were glowing.  Some started to smoke, others to melt completely away.
Luc was quiet for a moment, studying Sam.  “What your brother did?” he began.  “That was not your fault, Sam.  Whatever his reasons, in the end, he made his own choice.  You cannot accept the blame for a choice someone else made.”
“Ocular implants like this don’t exist.”  Doc was no fool.  His eyes had gone wide with interest.  He’d picked up a magnifying glass and was peering into my eyes, angling the flashlight for a better look.  “The eyes themselves look human, but there’s something implanted into the irises, and the retina is lined with microelectronics!  You can see the circuitry!  This is incredible!”
“Okaaaay,” Dean said, eyeing the man.  “What about him?  You know he didn’t shoot at the Senator, right?”
Of course, Dean had no answer to that.  He rolled back onto his back with a groan.  “Just stay close to me from now on.  It’s pretty damned obvious that I can’t let you wander off on your own again.”
“Dude, just shut up and dig!”
Dean got up.  He mindlessly brushed the salt off of his jeans and coat.  Dean was a bounty hunter.  He hunted the worst of the worst, the rapists and murders, child sex traffickers, people whose very survival depended on their ability to hide.  Dean had learned how to track them.  He’d learned to go down the dark holes where they hid and drag them, kicking and screaming, into the light.  People like that deserved everything the system could throw at them.  Those were offenses equivalent to murder, and could carry a sentence up to a lifetime of labor outside the dome, however short it was.  Dean approved whole-heartedly.  It was those poor saps who were caught up in that same tough system, those that couldn’t pay the fancy lawyers who could work the loopholes or provide any real defense, that suffered.  Those were the ones who benefited from Dean’s other skills, the ones he and his friends tried to help.  But of course, that part of Dean’s life was secret.  On paper, Dean was a crack bounty hunter.  Among his narrow circle, Dean Winchester was considered the best in the business.  And yet, he’d never been able to find the one person he’d searched for the hardest.  Even Charlie hadn’t been able to track down Immanuel Shurley.
“Don’t know, don’t care,” Lucifer declared.  “Bottom line, he’s all we’ve got.  Singer won’t break.  Turner, God only knows where he is, and even if we had him, he wouldn’t break, either.  So it’s Winchester or nothing.”
“And Dean is our best bet at getting Novak to come in,” Ketch called softly from behind them.
Ketch looked up.  “Really, now?  How do you mean?”
“Hey, it’s me!”
Blue eyes flinched.  “That was a mistake.  I shouldn’t have left you.  I thought, at the time, that it was the right thing to do.  If I had known that they would come for you, I never would have left your side.  It won’t happen again.”  Cass had stopped rubbing.  Now his hands gripped Dean’s wrist, eyes probing.  “Can you ever forgive me?” Cass pleaded.  “I got Bobby killed, I got you taken away, God only knows what you’ve gone through.  You must hate me.”
Castiel heard Dean suck in his breath.  “I’m sorry.  Like I said, I’m emotional and it’s affecting my judgement.”
“Nobody’s perfect, right?”
“You don’t want Sam to take your place?” Azazel asked.  “Then give me Castiel Novak!”
Castiel reached out and gripped the other Angel’s shoulder.  “I’m not angry at you.”
“That we do.”
“And it’s why I’d like them to take me back!  I need to be with Castiel, mom, you know that!”
“No, see, that is where we have our problem.” Dean’s voice was very patient.  “I don’t
The candidate, the angel decided, must be the single most infuriating human on the planet.  The card game he’d taught him was apparently only for the purpose of being able to beat the angel.  “Ha!” the candidate exclaimed, throwing his cards down on the table.  “Seriously, you need to learn how to bluff.”
“Don’t you think I can be more creative if I’m also well exercised and socialized?”  That was an argument Dean had suggested when they’d talked about this meeting.
Dean went silent.  Even the socially-awkward angel eventually realized it and frowned.  “Something is wrong?”
Dean put the bottle down on the floor, watching as the angel squirmed and wormed and twisted and wiggled his way through the opening.  Once he got his shoulders and wings out, he strained and flapped until he was able to squink out.  Then he was lying on the floor, panting.
“You can’t rape the willing, Cassie.  Dad, make him give it back?”
Dean stared at him.  Then he sighed and lowered the bag.  “Ok, buddy, let’s get you out of the lab, out of your uniform, and then we’ll talk.”
I blinked in surprise, noting a complete lack of a veteran’s pin on his collar.  Then I laughed despite myself.  How lucky could I get?  Another vet, and one I could relate to!  Well, that explained his vehicle, at any rate.  If he was thumbing his nose in the face of the veteran laws, what was an illegal vehicle?  I smiled. “My father was a marine.”
Bobby.  Dean felt his throat constrict.  “Cass, about Bobby.  He, um...”
“How dare this bodyguard speak to me like this! Angel Michael!”
You get your ass out of here and don’t come back for at least a month.
“Because Sammy was smart!  He could have been a doctor, or maybe a lawyer!  Me, I’m hired muscle just like my dad, but Sammy?”  Dean shook his head.  “Sammy should have been more.  And I had enough, dammit!  I busted my ass, saved enough to buy him out if his number came up on the draft.  But when it did, he just wouldn’t take the money. Too damned proud.”
“Why?!”
“Don’t let it happen again!” Naomi warned.  “The only reason I’m not pressing right now to have you fired is because you saved my life in that restaurant as well.  But remember your place!”
“Great!  I set you up in the room next to mine.”
Bobby glowered at him.  Then he was heading out the door.
Castiel’s eyes went wide in surprise when Dean latched onto his mouth.  But he quickly got with the program.  He relaxed into Dean’s grip, his own arms coming up to pull him close.  Dean deepened the kiss, delighted when Cass responded eagerly.
Chuck didn’t appear to like that anymore than Castiel did.  But he nodded.  “Alright.  Just give him a short correction.”
As Castiel still reeked of the insect repellant Dean had been wearing, Dean wasn’t so sure about that, but only time would tell.
“Two things.  Getting the hub is actually the easy part.  It’s not active, so just pulling the wires and carrying it up here is all we need,” Cass explained.  “I’ll also need my computer.  The remote link-up to the hub in this house is on it.  Without it, I can’t do this.  So I’ll need the hub, and my laptop.  They’re both in my room downstairs, past the living room.  The hub is inside my closet, on the top shelf, and my laptop is on my desk.  But how, exactly, are you going to get them past Roman’s men?”
“I don’t think it is, Dean.  You said you two weren’t wanted by the law, but you just admitted you stole Castiel away from that company.  And then there’s the way you both act.  You obviously care a lot about Castiel, but I have to tell you, I’m a bit concerned.  Did you hurt that boy, Dean?”
“Destiny?” Dean managed.
Dean made grabby motions with his hands, reaching towards the file Benny had selected.
“Cas, if the medical people couldn’t save him, how could you?!”
Raphael’s hand was rubbing his back again, lulling him to sleep.  Castiel drifted off.
“Fine, mom,” Castiel grumbled.
Castiel was right where he wanted to be.
Dean grabbed for the box of kleenex on the bed and handed some to Castiel.  Castiel mopped his face, blew his nose, and got a hold of himself.  “The problem is this,” Castiel began.  “Letting you go isn’t going to be easy.  We’re moving in two days.  Crowley will be coming back to take charge of your hub.  That means you’ll be linked to me.  We’ll remain here, helping with the packing while he installs it in our new home.  Then we’re expected to follow.”
“What does that mean?” Chuck wanted to know.  He frowned, looking between his two oldest sons.  “You better not be beating that man!”
Dean’s expression proved Castiel was wise to give these conditions.  But to his credit, he held still.  Castiel did a quick check of the ankle cuffs, ensuring that they were snug and locked in place.  Then he released Dean from the handcuffs.
“Go find this piece of shit and put his balls in a vise until he opens that safe for you.
That was a blow.  “We suspected Naomi had gotten to Hael, but...?  Are you certain?”
“Why?!” I blurted out.  “Dad, I know you were planning to go and try to work in an unnetworked country, but this? D-does Michael know about this, or Lucifer?”
“Give it to him, tell him what’s on it, and let him decide,” I told him. “I’ll come with you.”
Bobby regarded him.  Cole Trenton was young, probably Sammy’s age or younger.  But it was Dean, not Sammy, that the young man reminded Bobby of.  Cole was way too young to be into angel hunting, but seemed passionate about it.  Obviously, there was some history there.  Cole had the same combination of confidence, anger, and recklessness he’d come to associate with Dean, but none of Dean’s underlying gentleness.  The young man might have been handsome, if it weren’t for two things.  The first was the ever-present glare in his eyes.  They looked, to Bobby, like the eyes of someone who felt cheated by the world and was pissed about it.  It was another way Cole reminded Bobby way too strongly of Dean.  But the other reason Cole missed the mark of being considered handsome was his arm.  It was covered with knots of scars.  Cole didn’t seem to care.  He sat with obvious impatience, both arms fully exposed by his short-sleeved shirt.
Castiel shook his head.  He climbed back onto the bed, lying down.  “I need some rest,” he announced.  “I have a concussion.  You should go talk to your friends.”
Bobby Singer hated angels, but never more so than he did right now.  His Dean was dead, lying silent and still in Sam’s arms.  Bobby had rushed to Sam, but the traumatized former vessel was distraught, sobbing as he cradled his brother’s body.  Then Castiel suddenly glowed brightly, and his body dropped, too.  Between all this, Cole lying with his brains splattered everywhere, the nimbus forms of two archangels fighting it out overhead and the sky suddenly boiling up above, Bobby was well and truly done with angels.  What the hell else could go wrong?
Castiel frowned, absently letting Winchester pull on his other boot.  “Are you sure?  Because a lot of those people who stop and stare at me don’t really seem like they’re feeling blessed, Winchester.”
Yes, he could feel it.
Dean had never heard such blatant blasphemy in all his life.  His eyes were in real danger of popping from their sockets.  “You’re not just a copper level angel, are you?  What are you, a gold?”
Dean cracked one eye, took note of Cass, who was already awake and frowning at the television, and fumbled a hand to collect the phone.
“Good.  Dean, look at me?”  When Dean looked up, Lucifer went on.  “I’m not going to separate you from Sam permanently.  Choose one of those schools, work hard, and show me you can be a good influence, and you’ll be welcomed in your brother’s life.  You don’t even have to stay there all the time.  I’ll bring you back on holidays and breaks, and you can call or write as much as you want.  I’m sure Sam would love to hear about how well you’re doing. And you will do well, Dean.  I know you will, because I know you’ll want to make Sam proud of you.  Don’t you?”
“You’ve written and published dozens of articles, you literally wrote the book on the integration of psychology with modern technological advancements...”
“I will, and you do the same.  Bye, Cas.”
The angel shook his head and pushed the cards back towards the candidate.  “I’m afraid I don’t understand this game.”
Cass hovered protectively in front of Bobby and Dean, glowering at the thug over crossed arms.  “Now.  I want you to look at these two men and give your word that you and your fellows will trouble them no more!”
“Ok,” Ash began.  “Now focus on your breathing, in, out.  Slow breath in, slow breath out.”
“I’m aware, but that was when Winchester first applied to the company,” Naomi explained with a smile.  “Now, there’s an alternative, one we will, of course, transition slowly so as to not cause you any undue harm.  We’ve had a new transfer into the security staff who came with glowing recommendations.  His name is Adam Bartholomew.  You’ll love him, Angel Castiel!  He’s a skilled bodyguard, of course, with full clearance.  But he’s also been fully briefed specifically on you and your, well, special needs.  Bartholomew was provided extra training in your personal care and...”
“I told you, I’m fine.  Dad gave me the map.”  Cass waved a piece of paper.  “He said if we follow his route, we should pass right by the camps.  Gabe, get ready with that camera!”
When Dean returned, he saw Castiel’s legs sticking out from under the bed.  Castiel was busy with a knife from the kitchen.  He smiled when Dean’s face appeared, peering under the bed.  “Whacha doin’ down here, angel?”
“Blockers in the vehicles and all through this building.  It’s fine.”  Bobby smiled.  “You’re not what I was expecting.”
“Yes,” Angel said, not catching the shift in Dean’s mood.  “Eventually, he’d established his own kingdom there, one that continues to spread to the point that the other archangels took notice.  Now Michael is coming down himself to reset the status quo.”
Castiel held onto Dean as if he might never let go.  “Yes,” he said.  “It’s over.”
Samandriel grumbled in Enochian as the two headed out.
Dean groaned.  “I will pluck every hair from her head.”
“Who else?”  Seeing that we were getting near the perimeter, I quickened my pace, moving up beside Gabe and crowding him to move him over.  He smiled, crowded Cas, and we all turned, moving down a different street.
Then he looked at Dean, blinking up at him in shock from where he lay pinned on the bed, and decided he didn’t care.  If Dean really was his, then he’d do what he wanted to do.
Sam put the remains of his sandwich down on his plate, fighting back a wave of guilt.  Of course, Luc noticed.  “Tell me what you’re thinking?” he encouraged gently.
Dean started towards him, and Sammy quickly took a step back, looking up at the older boy.  “I can be bribed?” he offered.
“Um, ok, thanks.”  Dean combed his hair.  His heart was pounding.  What, he wondered, could be going through Cass’s head?  That he wanted Dean to look his best for this was obvious, but what, exactly, would that do?  The day after the incident with Naomi, Cass had gotten a letter, announcing that an evaluator with the Convicted Laborer Program would be coming out to check on Dean.  Since then, no one had bothered him much, beyond some wise-ass remarks from Mike and Luc and Naomi grabbing his ass once.  Chuck had gone out of his way to be nice to Dean, thanking him for whatever stupid thing he happened to be doing like Dean had any sort of choice in it.  The whole family acted like Dean had chosen to be here, like he’d applied for the job or something.  The three oldest children acted like Dean should somehow feel honored despite how they treated him.  Now here was Cass, nervous as hell, acting like Dean was about to go to an interview for a dream job.
“He is not going to listen to one word we say until we take that jack out of his plate,” Benny declared.  “May as well do it.  We can always plug him back in later.”
“But the door between our bedrooms is locked from my side,” Castiel pointed out.
“Oh, I assure you, he is very much real,” Ketch insisted.  He put down his phone again, displaying a map.  “I am no mere angel hunter, simply looking for revenge or to protect my loved ones.  My organization, the Men of Letters, has for centuries been the guardians of lore.  We lost many members and a significant portion of our knowledge when the angels took over and purged the planet of information.  But that in and of itself tells you something about them.”
“Damned right we are!” Bobby called.
“I did.  As I intended to do from the moment I arrived.”
“So what the hell makes you think they’re going to object now?”
Confused, Castiel moved out, walking around the roof towards the sound of the music.  He turned a corner, and saw a figure standing on the edge at the roof, just beneath the flagpole bearing the Angeli Quinque banner.  It was a man, wearing the dark suit provided to all the high-level Angeli Quinque security staff, mostly covered with a heavy winter overcoat. The hood of the coat was down despite the cold, revealing a head of short-cropped dark hair.  The man had his back to Castiel and seemed to be messing with something on his wrist, probably a smartwatch.  Castiel frowned.  “Um, excuse me?” he called.  “You’re not supposed to be up here!”
“Alright.  Dean, I can contact the other Angels, make sure you’re not harmed, but you have to take me home!  Please don’t steal me!”
Song I used for this chapter is "You Are The Reason" by Calum Scott
“They’ve been camped outside for days, ever since someone figured out I wasn’t in Heaven,” Castiel reported.  “That was one of the calls I got.  They’re about to publicly execute the getaway driver from the restaurant, they wanted a comment from me, and when no one knew where I was, people went wild with speculation.  Rumor has it I was stolen, and apparently a number of the member clients have been raising a terrible fuss!  Michael and Lucifer have had their hands full calming everyone, Gabriel’s been busy squashing rumors when they pop up, and Raphael’s been nearing overload trying to keep the currency stabilized.”  He shook his head.  “It’s almost as bad as it would have been if I’d actually been stolen!”
The grizzled face softened for a moment before morphing into a scowl.  “Don’t go getting all sentimental on me.  That oil ain’t changing itself.  Go on, git!”
Tran was staring at me.  “H-how do you know all of this?  How can you know so much about me and my son?”
“But I do,” Cass insisted.  His eyes were determined as he looked at Dean.  “I tried to assassinate a Senator.  If you hadn’t been there, confusing me, making me wonder again what’s real?  I would have done it.”
Relief flooded through Castiel.  Dean did want to be with him.  Despite everything, Dean still wanted to be with him.  He caught Dean’s hand, pressing a kiss to the knuckles.  “Thank you.”
“He’s an animal!  Look at him.  He’s not boyfriend material, he’s a warm body.  You take what you need from him and you throw him back out with the other animals.”
“Maybe it’s a nightmare we’ll be able to do something about?”  I put my hand on Bobby’s hand as it rested on my shoulder.  “I went into Angeli Quinque to try to put a stop to any more shit like Chimera.  Now I’ve got a real chance to maybe make a difference, with my angel at my side! That’s one hell of an advantage.”
The morphine had hit him hard, but at least that had helped with the pain of having the bones in his wing set.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief when Cass began picking at the knots.  “Thank you,” he said.  “That was really uncomfortable.  I would appreciate it if you didn’t do it again.”
“But don’t forget where you are,” Castiel reminded.  “Or what you’re supposed to be.”
Cass turned the television off entirely.  He slid forward on the futon, folded his hands over his knees, and twisted a bit to face Dean.  “You’re afraid I’m going to assault you, maybe even more.  That’s it?”
“So, what, all this shit...?” Dean asked.
he roared.
“I know you’re confused right now,” Rooney was saying.  “I know a lot of the blame lies with me.  That is why I am willing to make you a deal.  Contact my office, set up the time and place, and I will trade myself for Dean Winchester.”
That made Dean pause.  “What makes you say that?”
“Knock it off!”
“Uploading her video.”  He waved a spatula.  “You’re about to be famous, brother.”
He exited the bathroom, moved to his bedroom. Picked up the matching set of wristbands.
Lucifer howled.  “I’ll kill you!  Tell me where Gabriel is, or I’ll kill you!”
“Alright?”
“Hey, that ‘generous account’ you mentioned before,” the candidate began.  “Can you access it without alerting the God Squad?”
“You’re a dick!”
The blue eyes blinked in surprise.  “He has?”
Michael only grunted.
“So, I assume you’re going to kill me anyway,” the driver said.  His voice was maddeningly calm, even as he merged onto a highway with inches to spare between two tractor trailer trucks.  “Death from a bullet or from a car accident, what’s the difference?  Besides, I believe you told me to get us out of here now.”
Dean made sure to visit with Cass at least once a day, but soon, even he was starting to lose hope.  No one would even consider letting Cass out.  Every day, Cass greeted him with a smile.  Every day, he asked if he would be let out today.  And every day, Dean had to tell him no.
With a gasp, he pulled himself away from his eager angel and turned to face Bobby.
No, his phone wasn’t ringing now.
“Outta my way, you idjit!”  Bobby, shoving his way past Dean.  “Castiel, can you tell me what day it is, and where you are?”
“Whoa, easy, there you go.”  Azazel’s hands gripped Dean’s arms tightly.  He steadied the teen, still smiling.  “You alright?”
She actually took the glasses off to glower at him this time.
“Oh.”  Dean stared into his tea.  “Sucks.  That’s what messed my dad up.  But it doesn’t give them excuses to be dickbags.”
“In that case, we’re getting you something worth tasting!
“Angels, with respect, I’m afraid I don’t see the problem,” Naomi said smoothly.  “If you’ll be so kind as to take a look at Winchester’s contract, you’ll see it was never changed to a permanent assignment.”
Dean hesitated a moment before he answered.  “He wanted to buy my contract.  He knows I’m a bounty hunter.  Said he could use me.”
Dean was freshly showered and wearing clothes so new he’d had to take the tags out of them.  All of his injuries had been examined by an efficient doctor with freezing cold hands and a brisk, professional yet impersonal bedside manner.  Now he had three stitches in his cheek, a myriad of dressings on his battered body, and his pain dulled with ibuprofen.  Through it all, Ketch had barely left his side.  While Dean was sitting in his underwear being doctored, Ketch had changed out of his tactical black and into a fancy suit.  But beyond that, he’d stuck to Dean like his new best friend, even standing guard outside the bathroom while Dean washed up and did his business.  He was still here now, standing at attention by the door, hands clasped behind his back, silently watching Dean as the teen ate.  He reminded Dean of the soldiers outside Buckingham Palace.
Castiel whimpered, shielding his plate with his hands.  “Please take me back!”
Azazel raised his hands in surrender.  “I think we got off on the wrong foot.  I’m not your enemy, Dean.”
“Dean?  Why don’t you let me see what I can do with him?”
Cass didn’t answer.  Instead, he slung his pack over his back, took hold of Dean’s arm again, and headed towards a cabin that was, near as Dean could see, in the middle of nowhere.  Everywhere he looked, Dean saw nothing but trees.  A long, windy dirt lane threaded through the trees to the cabin.  There didn’t seem to be a soul around for miles.  Dean briefly considered bolting, running down the dirt road until he finally found civilization, and just as quickly dismissed it.  Even if he managed to get far, and Cass didn’t simply run him down in the car, Dean had no idea where he was.  If he ran into the woods, he’d be lost in the forest on his own with his hands still tied behind his back.  Nothing about that equation ended up with a positive result for Dean.  It was fairly clear that if he was going to have any chance at all, step one was going to have to be freeing his hands.  With this in mind, Dean stopped struggling.  He stood quietly next to Cass, waiting while the older man unlocked the cabin.
It wasn’t polite, but I never said I was a gentleman.  I deftly opened a valve, allowing a small stream of motor oil to splash directly onto her face.  She sputtered and stood up.  “Oh, did that get you?” I called, too busy closing the valve to look up.  “You know how these old engines are!  And thanks, if I need help I’ll call you.”
Castiel chuckled.  “Hardly the first time I’ve heard that.  We should...”
“That vote was a tough one.”  The lanky bodyguard sank down on an old bench near me, his long legs nearly at the water’s edge.  “A lot of emotions resting on it.”
“Sure thing.”  Luc got up, collecting his bottle.  “You enjoy your snack, and get back to your homework.  I was thinking pork chops for supper.  What do you think?”
Gabe smiled, but it morphed into a frown.  “That’s another thing I don’t get.  Cassie, you said that comb was in your trench coat?  Did I know you’d lost it?”
“The other Angels, they’re only doing their jobs, because that’s all they know.  But now I know there’s something more than work!  And I know that if I stay, I’ll be used until I’m used up, until there’s nothing left of my spirit and I really am a robot.  The only way that any of us have a chance is if I can get out and work from the outside to get the rest of them out.  So please, Dean.  If you can, please, do whatever you can to get me out!”
“Dean?”  Castiel’s voice was a faint whisper.  “I’m sorry! I’m so, so sorry!”
“I know,” Castiel sighed.  “But why do I have to perform for them now?  Who cares what they want?  What about what I want?!”
Castiel said, lowering his heads in shame.
Bobby cleared his throat. “We, meaning Rufus and me, have every intention of protecting Castiel.  You, on the other hand, need to get the hell out of this mess.”
“Come on, Cass, let me up, you’re choking me, here!”
Dean fired up the Keurig, got himself a hot mug of joe, and sipped it thoughtfully as he considered the pros and cons of what was going through his head.  The cons were obvious and many.  First, Bobby would kill him.  Whatever shreds Bobby left of Dean would likely be atomized by the rest of the angel hunters if they thought Dean had interfered in their plans.  Of course, no one had bothered to include Dean in any of those plans, at least in any active way.  Dean obviously figured very highly in the ones they’d been arguing about before Dean left.  Beyond that, Dean knew that the Trickster had more than a passing interest in him.  That whole “soulmates” thing still bothered Dean.
“I did wonder about that ID, Senator.”  Ketch’s voice was quiet.  “A shooter getting to the top of that building proves that your security was clearly incompetent, and I’m glad you’ve got a new head of security for the campaign. But the actual shooting?  It just seemed a bit contrived to me, amateur hour at best.  Based on what I’ve learned about Sgt. Novak, he’s anything but an amateur.  There may be something to what the boy says.”
Dean puts a desperate plan into motion
For a moment, Gabriel looked as though he honestly wanted to slap him.  Gabriel took a deep breath through his nose, let it out through his clenched teeth, and smiled a smile that was closer to a grimace.  “So unlock it then,” he said through his teeth.
“You do seem unusually perturbed about that particular issue,” Castiel said, speaking carefully.  “Is there a reason?”
She gasped.  “You have bionic eyes from being in the service?!” she squeaked.
“I’m not letting you go, Dean.  You’re not ready.”  Cass’s response seemed to almost be an afterthought.  He’d headed back to the cupboard to replace the extinguisher and, to Dean’s dismay, pick up the gun.  The latter he checked, frowned, reached down, and placed into an ankle holster.
“This bottle is not empty,” Gabriel said.  His voice suddenly grew soft.  “It’s a prison.”
Rufus laughed.  “True enough, but somehow?  I think you may just need it as much as we do.”
“You forget, I’m used to being locked in his section with him,” Dean explained.  “While normally I can get out, I’m used to being in there.  I’m not worried.  We’re good.”
Dean chuckled.  “You know, I like you, Samandriel.  Maybe it’s the whole psychology thing, but you’re the most, well, human Angel I’ve ever met!  Cas said you brought the humanity back to the others, and he wasn’t kidding!  They’re all so...  Normal!”
Dean had stolen the flat sheet from the motel room (go ahead and charge his card, which was as fake as a starlette’s boobs) and wrapped Castiel up in it to disguise his wings.
“That’s too bad,” Dean said, sincerely.  “Sucks when you can’t trust the other person.”
Dean looked desperately around.  There was another car, Rufus’s apparently, parked here, along with a few antiques that likely wouldn’t run again unless fueled by atomic energy.  “Come on,” Cass said.  At least his voice was gentle.  “It’s alright.  I won’t hurt you.”
“Here I am, back on your couch.
“Nothing here will harm you,” Bartholomew agreed.  “Quite the opposite, in fact.  You’ll be kept perfectly safe until Michael comes for you.”
“Oh, that’s simple,” Chuck replied pleasantly.  “Because the dome is about to fail.”
“I suppose I should introduce myself,” the Trickster said.  “After all, I am the one who’s planning to grip you tight and raise you from Perdition.”
Cass slid over and Dean got behind the wheel.  He started the engine and the car pulled away.  Dean drove, his eyes constantly checking his mirrors for any sign of pursuit.  None.  Somehow, they’d managed the impossible.
The amber eyes were troubled.  “I know you two quarreled, Samoose, but he’s your brother! All those things you’ve said about him, how great he is?  We could really use his help, especially now!  Did Luc tell you what we found?”
“I should have, Dean,” Cass insisted stubbornly.  “When I bought that distribution center, I should have taken a good look at the numbers for it.  It would have been much easier for me to access those figures than it was for your brother.  I would have seen at once that they didn’t add up...”
“Good, then we’ll just go over the basics, if you don’t mind?”
“All I can think about is my son,” Chuck moaned, shaking his head.  “Dick, I want it out there for the record.  If we don’t recover him here, I will gladly trade myself for Castiel.”
He instructed Castiel in the use of the TV remote (“Do NOT order anything on pay-per-view, Cass, I mean it!”), extracted a promise from his angel to not leave the room while Dean slept, and finally collapsed for a much-needed rest.
Castiel frowned, looking the figures over.  In his lab, Castiel was used to working with figures and equations that required vast amounts of computational power, testing his processors to work them.  But what he was seeing now was the equivalent of basic addition.  What was going on?  Oh, right, the test environment.  Castiel suppressed a grimace.
Confused looks circled the table.  “What kind of relationship?” Gabriel wanted to know.
Gabriel looked at his brother in awe.  “Cassie, you’re a genius!  We can’t talk to Dean, but we can certainly talk to Sam, especially if we send someone he can’t connect to us.”  He rubbed his hands together gleefully.  “I know some people.”
Dean would never consider himself a religious man.
I froze like a horse's ass for half a second in surprise before giving chase.  I caught him as he was fumbling open the locks, wrapping my arms around him from behind and lifting him up, pulling the thrashing Angel back from the door. “Cas, you can’t go out there! There’s a blizzard, remember?  It took out the communications and the power. That’s why it’s so dark in here! We were on generator power, remember? And it’s why we ended up staying two extra days at the cabin, because we got snowed in!”
“Cass.”  Gently pulling free from Bobby and Sam, Dean got up and moved to embrace his angel.  “Is it over?”
Crowley scribbled something.  “Just looking for drug money, then?”
Novak gave a small smile.  “It is good to see you again, Sam.  Despite the circumstances.”
“Can’t be helped,” Ketch said sharply.  “Listen.  Let Nicholas take you to his home for as long as he’s willing to keep you.  While you’re there, I want you to keep your eyes and ears open.”
But the anchor was back.  “Child welfare services are already involved,” he assured.  “Sam Winchester, fourteen, was quickly taken into custody when police arrived at the Winchester home to find no food in the house and the father, John Winchester, intoxicated and unconscious in the bedroom.  The conditions in the home were described as ‘deplorable’ by contacts in the police.”
“Come on, Cass,” Dean pleaded.  “Why’d you have to hit him so hard, you son of a bitch?”
“No, I’m sorry, but I can’t believe that!” I exclaimed.  “Why would she do something like that?!  I wanted it in the first place to keep me from overloading! Chimera was nearly ten years ago! If she had that all this time, then why...?”
“I wish that I could make you eat every shovelful I’m digging out of this.
“What?”
Now Chuck looked positively miserable.  “Right.”
“Would you like that?
“Why is she doing this?” Castiel asked.  “She’s fighting for all six of us, but the two she’s fighting for the most are you and me!  I understand her wanting you, but she’s never really wanted me.”
“And that’s where the bulk of his company’s income comes from now.  The Convicted Laborer Program.”  Sam pulled out the notebook Bobby had given him.  “Here’s what I was able to piece together.  I picked up this bounty target, one that had blown up one of Roman Enterprises’ factories.  Killed a lot of innocent people, workers with families.  So I wasn’t gentle about picking him up.  When he started rambling on, I didn’t pay much attention at first.  But later, after I dropped him off, I started really thinking about what he’d said.”
Bobby groaned.  “What about the candidacy?”
“It means that your bedroom is right next to his, through a connecting door,” Gabriel pointed out.  “At any time, you can knock on that door, go in, sit down and have a proper conversation with him.  Have you ever considered that?  Actually sitting down and having a conversation with the man?  Just talking, like two human beings?”
“This isn’t funny!” the angel yelled.  “Listen, would you please let me out?  I’ll explain everything.”
She pulled back, frowning at him.  Then her face broke into a sunny smile.  “Oh!  Finally!  Damn you, boy, you waited until I was leaving to show me this?”
Dean made up his mind.  He started making his way back towards Cass’s room, keeping low to take advantage of the scarce oxygen.  He tripped over a body on the floor, paused long enough to confirm there was nothing he could do, and kept moving.  Cass.  He had to get to Cass.  It was all he could think about now.
“Oh, I know!” Dick said cheerfully.  “And this will stop immediately, just as soon as you tell me what I want to know.”
“You got it.”  From somewhere in the distance, Baby’s engine roared, and then it was nothing but static again.
Lucifer looked back once more.  Sam had left the kitchen, apparently done with his snack.  A quick check of another window showed the boy going into his room.  Lucifer smiled.  Sam was probably doing his homework.  The boy was exceptional.  Perfect.  Lucifer turned around, focusing on his phone.  “Azazel?”
Cas looked at him in confusion.  “A-alright, Dean.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said politely, accepting the keys.  “It’s nice to know that there’s one thing you thought was worth keeping.”
“Oh!”  Castiel hadn’t realized how tightly he’d been holding the teen.  He quickly let go, taking a step back.  “I’m so sorry.”
“Because he’s no longer nameless,” Castiel explained irritably.  “With his powers returned, he can sense you because you are his candidate.  He can lead anyone to you, no matter where you are.  Now, it’s a race to see who breaks him first, the demons, or the angels.  Do you understand why I had to take you now?  Why, as much as it pains me, I no longer had the option of giving you a choice?”
“Sam Winchester.”
“Adam Bartholomew.  Gabe!” I called.  “Can you come out here a moment?”
Since your brother Sam went to college, it’s been even worse.”
Castiel immediately got to his feet.
Dean gave a humorless smile.  “Encourage. Yeah, fine.  C’mon, buddy.”
Alright.  All he needed to do was keep Dean from getting upset enough to tell his secret.  The evaluator for the Convicted Laborer Program came around once a month or so.  Castiel was expecting him in a couple of days for the initial visit.  There was time.  Today was a good start.  Despite the circumstances that had triggered it, Castiel had moved Dean into the house.  Dean had a closet and dresser bulging with clothes.  Castiel had real plans about what Dean would be doing.  Now he had to move forward.  He would treat Dean well.  His father would help keep his brothers under control.  He’d done it with Ellen, even going so far as threatening to cut Michael, Lucifer, and Naomi off if they hurt her again and taking away their remotes.  Castiel knew he could count on Chuck.  Gabriel would help.  He should be back tomorrow from his business trip.  Castiel would enlist him.  He could talk to Dean, keep him calm. Gabriel would be able to tell if Dean should become suspicious.  And if that happened, well, they’d cross that bridge when they came to it.
Castiel cringed.  “A, um, romantic relationship?  He, um, believed that the two of us, well, that we’d been, um...”
The evaluator turned out to be a short, dark-haired, bearded Englishman in a black suit.  He wore a hat and a smug expression when Ellen directed him to the room where Dean waited with Cass.  “Crowley,” he announced.  “Fergus Crowley, Evaluator for the Convicted Laborer Program.  I’m here for a check on your laborer, Sam Winchester.  You’re Castiel Novak?”
Dean expected silence.  What he didn’t expect was the sound that rose from Bobby’s throat.  It continued, pausing only for a quick intake of breath, growing louder and louder until the old man was screaming.  Then he was up, holding tight to Dean.  “Bobby!” Dean gasped.  “Bobby, calm down!”
Instead, you come only to visit before heading off again.
What did Castiel want?  Right then, he had no idea.  His mind was suddenly awash in memories.  Those eyes, looking down at him, slipping closed as he bent down.  The feel of Dean’s arms around him, pulling him close.  How Dean’s mouth felt pressed to his own.  Suddenly, Castiel could remember everything.  He could remember how Dean felt, smelled, tasted.  The memories were almost dizzying.
Neither Dean nor Angelo had anything to say about that.  Dean hunched his shoulders, seeing Angelo cross his arms protectively over his chest, one hand lingering above his bullet wound.
Dean’s voice.  Castiel was swimming through darkness broken only by the loud, constant beating of a drum. The sound of it nearly drowned out Dean’s voice.
“It won’t work,” Cas said finally.  “In this time, the technology just isn’t here! The processers just aren’t fast enough.”
Dean hesitated.  Realizing his brother hadn’t moved, Sam looked up.  He blinked at Dean in confusion.  Then understanding spread over his face.  He smiled.  “Castiel is the first door on the left.”
“What’s that mean?”
And that was the horror of it.  All of our lives, the worst thing about being an Angel was the fact that anyone could hold us down and plug jacks into our plates without our consent, treating us like robots.  When we were kids, it happened frequently.  No human could understand the violation of the practice, the way anyone could take away our control simply by pushing a metal pin into an opening in the side of our heads.  In time, we’d learned to sort through the various handlers who would do that to us, either retraining them or firing them altogether.  When we got older, the addition of the Angel blades made us all feel more secure and largely ended the problem.  But the trauma of it, having our bodies restrained while uncaring hands shoved the jacks into our plates and connected us to whatever computer they wanted to use with us at the time, had lasted.  Now, even Lucifer would cover his plate if he got scared or self-conscious. That awful sense of violation had never gone away.
And now Dean gave him a beautiful smile.  “You’re not anxious about going out anymore!”
She shook her head and clutched at his hand.  “I want you there.  When Crowley frees me.  You need to see how the collars come off.  It’s the only chance you’ve got!”
“Dean,” Charlie began, “there’s something you should...”
“Because he was kidnapped, forced into overload for way too long.  It damaged him.  He hasn’t been the same since.”
Suddenly, Dean remembered what Cass had told him.  “The auction was hidden,” he admitted.  “Only potential buyers with ties to Roman Enterprises could see it.  Michael Novak didn’t even understand why.”
“That’ll do,” Bobby said.  “After lunch, I’ll take you out to the garage and see what you can do.  Meanwhile, you can do chores as I assign ‘em.  You do that, don’t cause trouble, and listen when we tell you to do something?  Well, then, maybe we’ll keep you around a bit longer.”
“Well you should,” Dean urged.  “Seriously, Cass, there’s trees all around.  What if there’s a storm?  Baby’s way too pretty to risk a scratch from a fallen branch.  She’s a V8, 425 HP, right?  Seriously sweet ride!”
“He’s not going anywhere,” Dick growled, finally showing emotion.  “Neither one of you is going anywhere! Because you both seem to believe that I’m an idiot.  I’m fully aware that Dean doesn’t know exactly where his brother is right now.  But he knows Sam Winchester, better than anyone else in the world.  Whatever crack or crevice he went down, Dean is the one man in the world who can follow him.  And he will.”  Moving quickly, he suddenly had Castiel by the throat.  “Or else!”
Replacing the cushion, Dean sat down at the computer again and entered “H0neybee” in the password field.
His face was set in an adorable frown of confusion. “I don’t understand.  Before we went on the walk and then went to see Gabriel, my indicator was back on.  And after everything else that happened, I never made it back to the lab!  I should be completely cleared!”
It was like a dam breaking, all of the emotion Castiel didn’t dare to show pouring out, coalescing into a single, passionate kiss. He attacked Dean’s mouth, letting even the odd disturbance in his nervous system have a part.  Dean moaned.  The strong arms wrapped around Castiel, lifting him, blankets and all, from the couch.  Dean carried him to the bedroom, not his own, but Castiel’s, where the big king-sized bed waited.  Kicking the door shut with one foot, Dean sat Castiel down on the bed and kissed him some more.  Then Dean abruptly pulled back.  He was panting, his eyes dark, his lips looking almost bruised with the force of their kisses.  “What the hell am I doing?” he asked.  “You don’t even know what this is!”
“I don’t trust him,” I insisted.  “Not around you.”  Not after what he’d admitted to me.
“But Dave had it, right?  Any chance he made a copy?”
Lucifer took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “If I just stay here and do nothing I am going to lose my mind, Sammy.  But Alfie doesn’t need me hovering over them, worrying about Cas. Mike’s got the right idea.  He said he and Gabe and I should step back, leave Raph and Alfie alone with Cas to do their job.”  He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, let it out, and then looked at me.  “I’m going to go for a little stroll, clear my head.  I won’t wander far.  Call me if anything changes, ok?”
Dean stayed quiet, watching as Cass got up and gathered his things.  Cass finished and stood up, frowning at Dean.  “Show me that you’re willing to change,” he challenged.  “Show me that you’re willing to grow and take responsibility for your brother.  Show me that you’d be able to provide a good life for him.  And in return, I’ll make some calls and see if I can’t find out where he is.  Before that, though, we need to find a way to deal with the charges against you.”
Naomi immediately started loading Dean’s arms up with her belongings.  “What are you even doing here today anyway, Cassie?” she asked.  “This isn’t your normal meeting day.”
“So it would seem.”  Uriel pointed at the tracker.  “Give us his last known location.”
“No, Luc, I do not!  I’m talking about Cas!  We all know why, but facts are facts.  He very much does need a babysitter, one that can be trusted to care for him, protect him, and keep quiet about Angeli Quinque business.  With this being our Lead Researcher we’re speaking of here, that trait, trustworthiness, becomes especially vital!  Now the only thing that we need to decide here is one question - is Dean Winchester trustworthy?”
“Please gather up Miss Novak’s paperwork and bring it and the rest of her belongings to her office?  Stay with her to assist her with whatever she needs brought into the boardroom.”
“It had nothing to do with drugs!” Dean exclaimed.  “I needed money for food.  My brother and I didn’t have any food in the house, dad was drunk, and I was desperate.”
“Stop being such an idiot!” Castiel hissed.  He gave his brother a shake.  “This is important to me, Gabriel.  I swear, if you do anything to mess this up, I won’t speak to you for a week!”
Dean made a face.  “So my choices are to walk a marathon down the stairs, or go back in that death trap?  I gotta tell you, Cass, they both sound equally bad.”
“It’s alright,” Castiel sighed.  “I had a bad moment there when I went back to the compound.  But I’m alright now.  This isn’t your fault, Dean.”
“And then I remembered he was a convicted laborer,” Castiel groaned.  “That he was wearing a shock collar I could activate with two words.  That he couldn’t possibly want this!”
That was something Dean had never experienced before.  Normally, after sex, he’d wipe himself off with a tissue and hand one to his partner.  But now Cass was carefully cleaning him, wiping off all traces of semen while Dean lay there, still and watching, feeling more cared for than he’d ever felt in his life.
A nod.  Inside, Castiel’s nerves were still jangling.  He still desperately wished he could connect with his lab, but somehow, resting like this in Dean’s arms, the turmoil in his mind was sated a little.
“You got that right.”
Dean nodded.  Without another word, he got up and went to find Sammy.
“Don’t forget that both of those boys still belong with us,” Chuck was saying.
“And then what?” Gordon challenged.  “The Trickster isn’t some standard class angel, Ketch.  Even if he does come to help his friend, what makes you think he won’t just smite us all and scatter our molecules across the cosmos?”
“Punishment detail,” I mused.  “I must have pissed someone off.  The thing I can’t see is how to keep it from happening again.  Because if they become a threat.  I won’t let them hurt my Angels!”
“I do,” Dean insisted.  “I have a little brother, Sam.  He’s only fourteen years old.  I’m eighteen, and I’m pretty much all he’s got.  Our dad’s a drunk.  He needs me, man.”
Cass squeezed the hand.  “I know.  But you need to use me.  Because I can get you the information that you need.”  Blue eyes peered into Dean’s.  “I still think you should reconsider.  You can get information out to your friends, and still stay safe with me.”
“Bobby!”
“Delicious,” Roman whispered.
“So basically, what you’re saying is that it’s worth more than people’s lives?”
Castiel didn’t look at him.  “May I please have it back?” he asked Amelia.
“Right!”
Dean’s green eyes had been shining with hope.  But now they dulled.  He nodded, taking a few steps back.  “Ok, Cass.  If that’s how it is, then I guess there’s no choice.”
“And that’s why you’re a damned fool for trusting him,” Gordon added.  “Whatever he may have done to get himself captured by the King of Hell, he knew those demons wouldn’t kill him.  All he’s got to do is call for help and then hold on long enough for the Trickster to come looking for him.  The only thing he was really worried about was keeping you out of demon hands, because he’s still looking to hand you over to Michael!”
“It shouldn’t take long, assuming everything’s in order,” Naomi assured.  “But then you’re going to work.  The other Angels will understand.  All of their work has been suffering while you’ve been off the jack, Castiel, so it’s best everyone gets back to work.  They can talk to you after you max out the jack in your lab.”
“Why not?”
It was a risky question.  The idea that the candidate might run off had certainly been a concern.  Even letting him go alone to wherever it was he’d gone earlier had been a risk.  But for some reason, he’d believed the candidate when he’d said he would return.  Winchester had done so.  Asking him this question now could cause the candidate to reconsider, but he needed to know the answer.
“Oh, he is!”  Bobby leaned back in his recliner.  “I guarantee that.  Thing is, all we can do right now is sit back and wait.  If Castiel and Rufus are out getting into the trouble I suspect they are, then sooner or later we’ll start to see...”
“That isn’t possible!” I protested.  “To do that would take, well, me!”
“Are you going to complain about everything?” the Senator replied through his teeth.  Apparently, he’d been dealing with Crowley for a bit now.
My angel was clinging to me, leaning his head against my shoulder.  He didn’t say a word, just held on so tight he’d likely leave marks and shivered.  Warning bells were going off in my head. Something was wrong with him, something more than the withdrawal from the jack.  I didn’t like how quiet and withdrawn Cas had become.  His blue eyes seemed miles away, like he was barely registering what was happening around him.  We got him upstairs, sat him on the bed, and I started pulling off the cloths.
Jo looked strained for patience.  “Angel Samandriel, what can be done to correct this?  We really need Angel Gabriel to lose that corrupting influence!”
“Did you get him?” Dean asked, excited.
“I did, but I’m afraid there’s a bit more to the story.  You see, when our Father left us, the archangels were left in charge.  Lucifer originally came up with the idea of free will, yes.  But he was only interested in doing what he wished to do, regardless of the desires of Heaven.  He wanted only to follow his own desires.  And unfortunately, his desires were to rule.  He chose a vessel for himself, came to Earth, and started his own kingdom...”
Cass’s face was going through some interesting contortions.  His eyes flickered rapidly.  Whatever was going through his head, it was apparently profound.  “I’m going to keep you,” he said at last.  “Yes, I wanted your brother, but it wasn’t for any sort of nefarious reasons.  I knew of you, um, your work.  The two of you have done a lot of good.  You were smart enough to hide your records, and not let your contract go for bid still listing you as a bounty hunter.  But if I could recognize Sam’s name, do a check, and figure out who he really was?  Then someone else could have done the same thing.  I bought Sam, bought you, to protect you.”
“Hmm?”  Sleepy blue eyes blinked open and fixed on Dean.  Chapped lips curved into a soft smile.  “Hello, Dean.”
“Alright, but that really begs the question then,” Dean said.  “Gabe, why the hell would you give something like that up?”
“Hardly matters now, does it?  He’s affected.  That’s all that matters.  But unfortunately for me, Sam’s fixated on him.  If I want to keep Sam, then I need to try to rehabilitate his brother.”  Nicholas put a hand possessively on the teen’s chest.  “I’ll see him through treatment, see if maybe he can be saved.  If he can, I’ll bring him home.”
His brother.  Sammy.
“I’m glad, buddy,” Dean chuckled.
“But Dean, now you are the one who is hurting me!” He nodded, feeling Dean stiffen at his words.  “You’re holding me out here in the cold, perched on this ledge where we could fall any moment, and I’m terrified!  Dean, this isn’t about trusting you, it’s about physics.  It’s freezing out here!  The wind is picking up.  How long do you think you can stay out here, keep holding me up?  You know I’ve nearly fallen a few times now.  How long before the cold affects you, and you can’t hold onto me anymore?  How long before I slip, or you do?  Please, just go back a few steps so I can get my feet under me!  Do that, and I won’t be so afraid that you’ll get carried away kissing me and slip!”
It was time for Dean to face the consequences of his actions.
A man was slowly walking into the barn.  As he came forward, the lights above him burst into showers of sparks that rained down, trailing over the man’s hair and running down his body, completely ignored.  Instead, the man’s eyes locked briefly with Ketch’s before looking past him.  The newcomer looked briefly at Bobby.  Then he stared hard at Dean.
It was bad, far worse than he’d thought.  His wings were blackened and charred.  As he spread them, bits of burned feathers fell.  The scent was enough to make him gag.
He poked carefully at himself.
The entire front of HQ was blown out.
“Dean, I don’t expect you to understand,” Cass began, “but it’s something I have to do.  Now that I have you safe, I can get back to my mission.”
“No. You?”
“Benny!” Dean called.  “Only you, Sam, or Bobby gets the key to his room.  I don’t want Dave getting it.”
“A date?”  Dean grinned back.  “Sure!  Why don’t you come back over tonight, and we can watch a movie?  You like Harrison Ford?”
The room was empty, the door leading to the parking lot wide open.
“At the house?  Then how’d you get here?”
“Never mind, I’ll bring them up,” dad assured me.  “Come on.  Security can only delay your mother’s lawyers for so long.”
“Tell me about the man at the truck.”
Charlie nodded, finally serious.  “We get so many hits on our various boards that it’s impossible to track them all, especially now that I’ve lost most of my team.”  She swallowed hard.  “But someone trying to hack that board certainly got my attention.  I was on it fast, traced it back to the middle of nowhere halfway around the rim.  I’m hoping he tries again so I can narrow it down.”
“How does that name thing even work?” Dean complained.  “Can’t you just have another angel say it?”
“Castiel, why don’t you help me bring in his things?  Sam, you just lie down and rest.”  Chuck’s hands were already on the laborer’s chest, pushing a confused, suddenly anxious Dean back onto the bed.  Then Chuck had Castiel by the arm and the two of them were gathering the items from the car.
And you did all of this because the first man made some inappropriate remarks to the waitress after she scorned his advances?”
Dean managed to hide his irritation at being considered property under a charming smile.  “My master is Castiel Novak.”
“No, I just got you back.  I will not lose you again.”  Cass jerked his head back.  “Climb in the back and feel around.  Those handcuffs you tossed back there are still there somewhere.”
That was fine for Castiel.  His stomach was full of butterflies.  This was it, his first real chance to spend some quality time with Dean.  He helped bring the soup, dishes, and crackers out to the living area, thinking about what he would say.
Dean and I weren’t particularly tactile.  But I felt no hesitation about reaching up and taking his hand.  He squeezed it fiercely for a moment before abruptly letting it go.  “Enough chick flick moments,” he announced.
“I completely disagree!” Lucifer snapped.
Gordon glared in Dean’s direction.  “The fucking Trickster wants to see him.”
Dean considered Cass.  He was about as tall as Dean, maybe even a bit shorter.  But while Dean was lean and wiry, Cass was solid.  It was weird.  The guy was pale, like he’d either been sick for a while or been somewhere that he didn’t have a lot of sunlight.  He was also thin.  His cheeks were gaunt, like he was malnourished and only recently started to put weight back on.  But his scary-fast reflexes and the way he’d handled Dean?  The guy was obviously someone who had worked out a lot.  Special forces?  Some sort of Army hitman?  Just Dean’s luck to pick the car with Rambo in it.
“I...”  He swallowed hard.  Then he grabbed my hand and put it on his plate, almost like a ritual.  “Yes!  I’ll marry you!  Yes, of course!”
Dean focused on his breathing and kept his voice calm and his expression neutral.  “Would you prefer I do a different activity, sir?”
Dean thought this was excellent advice.  The urge to punch his doppelganger was getting harder and harder to ignore.
“You couldn’t have known,” Dean called, taking his hand.
“Where’s he at?”
The attacker, Dean would learn, had intended the truck bomb for the first responders, who would be drawn by the first explosion.
“Cass said they wouldn’t be able to trace him,” Dean offered.
Dean shook his head.  “Yeah, I get that you couldn’t mojo your way out of those cuffs.  But that whole illusion thing you did?  The wards didn’t do a thing to stop that!”
Castiel sputtered indignantly.  “Lucifer will hear about this!”
“Well, now I’m saying slow down!”  Dean was clinging to the armrest for support.
Castiel blinked.  “Huh?”
Everything in me wanted to kill him anyway.  But this was 2018.  I had no idea what Barney might have in his future, or, more importantly, who he might affect.  If I took the miserable piece of shit out of the food chain now, I had no doubt that the lives of those living in 2018 would be significantly improved.  But I couldn’t take the chance that his death, while no-doubt satisfying now, could have unforeseen effects in seven decades. It could be a major change in the timeline, one that we simply couldn’t let happen if Cas had any chance to get Project Samandriel to work again.
Castiel blinked.  “A joke?  Oh.  Very funny!”  He forced a laugh, trying to pretend he’d gotten the joke.
After a small, noisy argument, Dean managed to win the right to drive back to his old hometown in Baby, rather than Bobby’s stupid truck.  Bobby had argued that Baby stood out too much, would draw too much attention, and would be safer hidden away in the back of his garage.  But Dean hated the idea of leaving his prize possession unsupervised.  The moment he’d understood the Impala was his, Dean had been itching to take her out.  Now her powerful engine purred, tires eating up the road.  With his hands on the wheel and a box of old tapes from Bobby’s collection, Dean had never felt so free.
No choice.  Nowhere to turn.  Nothing to do except follow his orders.  Samandriel reached out to the gold level angel he’d served.
Cass frowned.  “If everything went according to plan, they’re in the tunnels, being smuggled to another dome, just as we planned.  Had I known we could have smuggled them just outside the dome, I wouldn’t have taken that kind of a risk.  It’s further proof Naomi didn’t know.”
.  Dean shook his head.
It took a moment for the obvious to hit.
“Of course,” Cass grumbled, sounding insulted.  “I told you not to count them out.  As soon as Dean prayed to me, I was able to pinpoint their location.”
Dean stepped out into flashing lights and noise.  He glanced around, saw Ketch hovering back just out of sight, and swallowed hard.  Taking his lead from Crowley, he quickly moved forward to keep up.  Soon, he was standing to the right of a bank of microphones where the Senator stopped.
“I still don’t understand,” Cass was saying.  “You do have a crack legal team.  You also have a crack investigative team.  Surely you could hire your own bounty hunters.  Why do you want Sam?”
To his embarrassment, Cass heard Dean’s stomach growl and chuckled.  “I think it’s time we went back and had some lunch,” Cass noted.
Dean smiled, and I resisted the urge to knock it off of his face with a hard right cross.  “If you don’t mind, I’d really like to go in and see Cas now.”
“Well, honestly, her leaving was a matter of time.  Angel Lucifer put her on report two days ago after Angel Castiel got out of his section and ended up stuck in a supply closet.  She probably was going to get fired anyway.  It’s the second time Angel Castiel got out on her watch because she wasn’t paying close enough attention to him.”
That was something that had never occurred to Castiel.  He stared at Dean, confused.  “Give myself permission to break down?”
Dean didn’t answer.
“Language,” Castiel cautioned.  “No, Dean, I’m going to have you hide some distance from the cabin.  If something happens to me, you’ll be safe.  I refuse to risk anything happening to you.”
The candidate raised an eyebrow at him.  “Why not?”
“Angel Michael, surely you agree that, tense or not, it’s far safer to keep Angel Castiel surrounded by handlers than a single inexperienced bodyguard!”
Dean shifted.  “Yeah.  Not my finest moment.”
“I’m working on it, Cassie, hang on!  Wait...  Castiel, what’s this?”
Dean gave a hiss of pain.  His hands were clenched at his sides, not meeting anyone’s eyes.  But his face was flushed.  No doubt his eyes were full of anger.  Castiel’s heart pounded.
Dean nodded.  “And the last thing Sammy said to me was ‘You were right.’  I assumed he’d figured out you guys were corrupt, but now I’m thinking that he found out the truth about Chimera.  Alfie said you originally objected to Chimera, Gabe.  What changed your mind?”
“Usually, there are three, possibly four a year.  Why?”
“Good.  We can use you then.”
“Sorry,” Dean sighed, climbing up to sit on the table.  He still didn’t trust the chairs.  “I’ve never been good at the whole hurry-up-and-wait thing.”
Dean’s collar was being tugged again.  Far too late for it to matter, Dean realized that it was being turned on his neck, spun so that the scannable bar code was in reach.  Dean banged his head twice on the trunk.  Stupid.  He couldn’t do shit like this, couldn’t react this way.  Not when there was so much at stake.  Not when there was still such danger for...
“No, genius, I own the place and wear this as a fashion statement.  My other one is covered with diamonds.  I only wear that on the weekend.”  She pushed the door open, still scowling.  “Get your ass in here.  You can...  Sweet Mary’s ass, what is that smell?!”
I heard Lucifer growl from his seat next to me, saw him strain to free himself from his safety harness.  But the harness held him fast.  Normally, my brother’s enhanced strength could have freed him, but whatever Dean had given us all had sapped his strength.  His Angel armor was up, his Angel blade extended to try to cut through the harness.  But he couldn’t focus, couldn’t seem to manage enough coordination to free himself. Already, his eyes were drooping. “Dean!  Don’t do this!  I trusted you!”
“Can’t you shut him off or something?” Idiot One wanted to know, climbing back up amid a mixture of swearing and laughter.
“You know it.  And he’s got some plans for you, as well.”
As soon as the lunch was over, Castiel excused himself and pulled Dean aside.  “What’s wrong?” he asked quietly.
“Not for me.”
“Whatever, he’s got Angel!  Why the hell aren’t we helping him?!”
Job complete, Dean climbed back down and manned a crowbar, working to pry up most of the rotting floorboards.  When he finished, he had a large section of bare ground.  The doors of the barn were actually in decent shape.  They’d been closed for decades, needing only a quick check of the bar to make sure they would stay that way under most circumstances.  Physically, the barn was as secure as they could make it.
The line went silent for a moment.  “Well, this is certainly unexpected.”
“Halfway there,” Castiel promises, circling around to the other side of the bed. “Don’t worry, this will wash off easily at home.”
Loud and long and jubilant, absolutely drunk on exhaustion, Dean laughs, throwing an arm over Castiel’s shoulders.
Two weeks later, Dean has a few personal questions to counter Castiel’s professional ones. Namely: “What’s the deal with the scrubs?”
The somewhat robotic way Dean takes it into his mouth is proof enough even for Castiel that he’s offended Dean. The typical playfulness is gone, and Castiel isn’t at all surprised to subsequently find Dean’s pulse is elevated above even his usual high.
They fall asleep like that, and when they wake, Dean still hasn’t come.
“Castiel, when you said ‘another man,’ did you mean it like ‘Dean and an additional man’ or did you mean ‘Dean and another man than me?’”
“You talking to my dick or my panties, baby?”
That is, until Dean pushes down his jeans to reveal a new pair of panties: a simple white with black trim, cotton fabric, and emblazoned with the words
“It’s three months, right?” Dean asks, avoiding his gaze. “I know it used to be a year.”
With a YouTube tutorial, it’s even possible.
With just the pair of them left alone on what’s abruptly become a very different kind of porno, Jimmy starts riding him in earnest. He calls Dean his toy, he calls Dean his cumslut, he calls Dean name after name, but always calls Dean
“Crawl.”
As Castiel spurs himself into motion, he hears Hunter from behind: “Cas, remember how we met!”
Dean puts on a smile for the beta’s benefit. “I normally wouldn’t ask, but some of the other alphas really need me smelling like an omega to make this shoot work.” It’s bullshit, considering Benny’s the only one who’ll be fucking him, but the other pieces of shit aparently can’t keep it up if they have to smell alpha-on-alpha.
Dean didn’t like that, but there was little he could do.  The disgruntled grumbles around him gave him some hope, though.  At least Cass wouldn’t be in danger from CLaIM.
“Um, I’m still in the room?” Charlie’s voice called.  “And just how old are you, Mr. Know-It-All?  Because this happened to me when I was two!  Think about the time frame and you’ll see it was just about the time you six were finally showing what you could do.  Everyone wanted to make more Angels, including your own board of directors. But Chuck Shurley said no!  He didn’t want Angels running around that he couldn’t control.  So they went through one of their affiliates, one that had a stellar reputation, the technology and skill to replicate Shurley’s little experiment using poor kids. Guess what, I’m the only one who survived!  And it’s a damned good thing my dad worked for Heaven’s Angels and was a blacked-out veteran, because that’s the only reason he was able to steal me back and get away!”
“No, that one’s all on Cassie,” Gabriel announced. “When Dean confronted me with what he knew about Sammy, well, I wasn’t going to deny it.  But Cassie’s the one who got him in to see me in the first place, wanting to talk about decreasing his security protocols.  Now, hindsight is twenty-twenty, but it seems to me as though Dean had this little scheme planned out from the start!  You got something you want to tell us, Cassie?”
Mike swore.  “You just got us all killed!”
“Shut up and drop your phone,” Castiel ordered.
“Am not!”
“Ok, I’m looking at Winchester’s files now,” Gabriel’s voice called.  “And what I’m seeing makes him way more than sufficient.  Drafted at eighteen, brought into special forces, black ops counter-terrorism.  Decorated, high honors.  Went into the personal protection business after the military.  He’s got multiple glowing reviews, recommendations, what’s the problem?”
“Balls!”  Bobby let me fill his cup and sipped at it.  “Talk about a leap of faith!  If that don’t prove you love him, nothing will.”
Dean glanced again at Castiel, and this time, he actually did go off the road.
“Hey, they were affecting my sex life,” Dean announced.
“I’m sorry, you said what?” Charlie asked.  “Nobody hacks me!  I was hacking you!”
“Looks that way.”  Dean sat up as well.  The fact that he’d apparently cuddled Angel in his sleep wasn’t something that needed to be discussed.  “You feeling any better?”
“Oh, that’s simple,” Chuck explained with a smile.  “I hacked you.”
“Because no other bounty hunter knows Dean Winchester’s habits as well as your Sam,” Roman insisted.  “No other bounty hunter could convince Dean to come out of hiding, either.  There’s also the fact that it’s not just Dean we’re dealing with.  We’re just about to close in on one of the biggest ringleaders.  What was his name?”  Dick rubbed his chin for a moment before snapping his fingers.  “Singer!  Robert Singer!  Now, that one is headed for the labor camps for sure, and good riddance.  But I’m sure Sam would like to try to help his brother.”  Now Dick looked directly at Dean.  “Wouldn’t you, Sam?”
Castiel raised a hand.  “I’ll meet him.  I won’t promise more than that.”
Angel either didn’t notice or ignored this.  “Eventually, we had to make a deal with him in order to stop the fighting.  He leaves our candidates alone for one lunar month.  Then we have to either take them or make new arrangements with Crowley for him to let them alone.”
Dean’s smile widened, and for the first time, Castiel felt himself relax. He tried the potato strips, savored them.  Maybe, he dared to think, just maybe, his new bodyguard would work out after all?
His thoughts were a whirl.
*reinforces reader-proof bunker and puts on padded armor*
“Yeah.”  I sighed. “I got pretty badly injured in the line of duty not that long ago.  Damned near lost my arm.  Cas kept saying he could make me a new one, but I don’t want it.  Even though any one of the Angels could black me back out again and I’m sure Cas would do it in a heartbeat?  I don’t want to be back on the books for even a second!  Besides, I don’t want to be any less human than I already am.  I love Castiel just as he is, but I’m as much of a cyborg as he is, maybe more!  Add anything else to me, and I’ll be closer to a robot than a human.  I don’t want that.”
“Sam is not an animal!”
When Lucifer goes into overload, Castiel comes face-to-face with the nightmare of his past
“We’re doing it,” Dean agreed.
“I did.”
“Wait a minute,” Dean called.  “I got knocked out by that flash of light, too, ok?”
Castiel sent a private message to Gabriel and asked for a favor.  Gabriel refused, sending Castiel a copy of Dean’s living will.
allow anyone to take you away from me!”  She was holding me down now, even as she gave me a reassuring smile.  “Relax, angel.  I’ve already called for my legal team.  We are going to make some changes!”
“Yeah, Cas is here with Winchester now, which is why we found out about this.”
“How do we know that for sure?”  Naomi was eyeing her remote and glancing at Dean.  “Sam’s a big guy.  What if he goes after me the way he did Michael?  I need to know for sure that this can really stop him.”
“Good.  Lean back in your chair.  Close your eyes and take some deep breaths.  In through your nose, out through your mouth.  In.  Out.  In.  Out.”
That resulted in a psych consult.
The sound of Cher singing “If I Could Turn Back Time” filled the car.  Dean blinked in surprise at his phone.  Then he narrowed his eyes at Castiel.
“It’s alright,” Castiel declared.  “They had to keep him under for the medical nanites to flush the infection out of his system and stabilize him from the blood loss and shock.  Then they took him right into surgery before he ever woke up.  He won’t be upset.  He doesn’t know he lost his arm, so it won’t matter!  Chances are, he’ll never know!  Dean will wake up, and he’ll have two arms, and he’ll never know one of them’s cybernetic.  Then he can go back to being my bodyguard, and everything will be back to normal!”
“But he’ll wander off!  You have to watch him, he’ll...”
He also had an injured wrist, fortunately on his right, not the one Dean had thoughtlessly taken hold of.
“We can still give you something, right doc?” Dean asked, looking pleadingly at the doctor.
“Ok, I got it,” Dean groaned, rubbing his temples.
“Think you can leave the remote behind?”
“Why?” Crowley wanted to know.
“And yet we have clear evidence of your precious bees,” Dean reminded.  “Honey, for fuck’s sake!  You guys didn’t even have honey, but there were whole crates of it just sitting out there in that warehouse.  If people can’t survive in that mess outside the dome, there’s no way bees can.  So what are we looking at here?  A secret dome?”
“Right.”
“Merry Christmas, buddy!”
“Sorry!” Dean squeaked.  “I just wanted to know what was going on.  Let go?”
At the same time, he realized something else.
“Don’t think so.”
Rooney shoved him into the car, dove behind the wheel, and immediately started the engine.  Although he triggered the garage door, he didn’t bother waiting until it was fully opened.  The engine roared, shoving under it with a scream of tortured metal and continuing to move.
“They’re tough,” Bobby agreed quietly.  “Back during the Angel War, they were throwing cars around like they were matchbox toys.  And nothing we had could do more than slow ‘em down a little.”
“Are you in love with him, Dean?”
By the time we climbed into our transport, we were all giggling and goofy and clearly under the influence.  It was the big transport, able to fit all eight of us.  Eight grown intoxicated men in a single hover transport was a seating nightmare.  Once we convinced everyone that sitting on laps was not appropriate and no, no one was just going to lie on the floor, we were all in our safety harnesses and on our way.
Dean’s face turned a fascinating shade of crimson. “Cas, have you ever, um, been intimate, you know, with anyone?  I’m dying to touch you right now, angel, but if it’s too much for you and you think we need to take it slow...”
“Still on the right track,” Dean insisted.  “Keep looking, Gabe.”
“Your soul.”
Sammy was pulling on Dean’s arm.  “Dean, I helped set up your room.  Come and see!”
Now, suddenly, his ID shows up, only a few miles away from where I live?
“That’s right,” Rufus said, sounding impressed.  “Nicholas was Rooney’s right-hand man until not too long ago.  Now he runs some sort of paramilitary operation he’d put together while he was with Rooney, private security and some such.  Pretty damned successful, too, based on the money he’s got.  How the hell did you find that out?”
Pained blue eyes met his own.  “Dean, if something happened to you?  I don’t know that I could handle it.”
The night seemed to press in.  The road they traveled was dark, and all but deserted.  That raised another question.  “Hey, Cass?” he tried again.  “Where’s Rufus?”
Dean clenched his teeth, unable to respond for the moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cass sighed.  “You are infuriating.  I see I’ve got my work cut out for me.”
Sam was shaking his head.  “This guy doesn’t look anything like Immanuel!”
“Yes.  You don’t even have any cuts or bruises anymore, Dean, although you’re probably still sore.  My nanites fixed you up good as new!”  It wasn’t a lie.  The surgical nanites he’d designed some time ago had ensured that there wouldn’t even be a faint line of scar tissue to indicate the graft where Dean’s skin ended and the artificial skin began.  Only an x-ray, a deep diagnostic scan, or damage to the arm would reveal the truth now. The synthetic skin would heal rapidly from any damage, but it wouldn’t bleed.  That was something Castiel hadn’t yet been able to manage.  Detail for next time.
Dean reluctantly headed out.  He felt a bit weak in the knees, watching Benny close the door.  The click of the lock engaging sounded loud and somehow final.  Benny turned.  “You ok?”
Castiel felt his cheeks heat.  All he’d been doing was picturing Dean wearing the various outfits he’d selected. He hadn’t even noticed just how much he’d picked out.  The added reminder of how he’d been treating Dean up to now also stung.  He straightened, nodding to cover his embarrassment.  “You’re right, of course.  This is way more than I’ll actually be buying.  I simply wanted a good selection.  And your sleeping arrangements were temporary as well.  We’ll be tending to that once we return home.”
I nodded.  “That’s why they instituted the draft about the time I was born.  Because now, if you get drafted into the service, you can pretty much kiss your dreams goodbye.  And there’s no way to hide it.  If you’re a vet, it’s the first thing that shows up when your ID is scanned after your name.  Then businesses lobbied the government pretty hard, got new laws enacted that have stiff penalties if you’re a veteran and you’re out without one of these.”  I indicated my pin.  “Most of them are silver, meaning you have standard enhancements. If you’re special ops, you’re gold because you’ve got more.  And those, the more advanced enhancements?  Let’s just say that those ones are real, real special and leave it at that.”
Dean nodded.  “I think Bartholomew expected I’d get killed, he’d lead a team to rescue Cas and come out a hero, and everything would fall into place.  When that didn’t happen, he was left in kind of a lurch.  If I hadn’t taken Cas when I did, I suspect he’d have found another way to get rid of me, maybe even the same way he was getting rid of Sammy, by setting me up as an embezzler?  Doesn’t matter.  The point is, you went to war against Huis anyway.  And that was another thing.”  He paused.  “Guys, I think Huis is where Chuck went, to help those rebels.”
The angel nodded.  “That’s the only way another candidate can be assigned.”
Something in Dean melted a little.  “I’ll think about it, ok?” he said.  “You just keep your head down.”
“Gabriel!” I yelled.  “Calm down! I need you to check something and tell me if it’s real.  Will you do that?”
“Fuck me.”  Azazel tsked.  “You know, I’ve never really been into guys, but I know some people.  I called them a bit ago.  They’ll have a lot of fun with you.  And when they’re finished, Dean?”  The smile grew wider.  “You’ll know exactly what dear little brother will be going through.”
“I saw you, at his funeral,” Castiel recalled.  “I remember you, all dressed up in your military uniform, standing at his casket, looking down at him.  You looked so lost.”  And so beautiful, the lonely, heartbroken soldier with the empty eyes, staring down at the body of his dead brother.  Gabriel had been inconsolable, sobbing so hard he nearly collapsed right at the casket. Samandriel had his work cut out for him after that.  But Dean Winchester, the lonely soldier, hadn’t shed a single tear.
Dean wasted no time.  He grabbed his brother by the arm and pulled Sam after him into his room.  Sam stumbled irritably along behind him, frowning as Dean closed the door.  “Alright, Dean.  What is this really about?  Because while I’m fine with you finally coming out of the closet, this thing with Novak is...”
Castiel managed to list the date and address.  He shuddered.  “What happened?”
“Ellen’s different and you know it!”
“We made a little progress last night,” Sam announced.  “Did Charlie tell you?”
Dean nearly choked.  “Wait,” he gasped.  “That’s who Cass’s team was trying to rescue when they got captured?  Jefferson Rooney?  Holy shit, no wonder you shot the TV, Cass!”
“It’s so lovely to know I’m working with such hilarious practical jokers,” I growled as I snatched it back and shoved my way back into the garage.
“I didn’t do anything!” the teen yelled.  He flushed.  “Ok, I did do something.  But all I did was try to rob a store.”
“Did you?”  Lucifer was dragging the tip of the blade over Castiel’s throat.  It made soft screeching sounds as it scraped the armoring beneath his chin.  “Did you stop when Samandriel begged you to?  Or did you just keep right on stabbing him, over and over again? Murderer!”
Dean had managed to dump his chair over and get free from it.  Once loose, he’d retrieved the keys and freed his hands.  Now he was cradling Cass against his chest.  He still couldn’t believe what Cass had done.  He’d held his finger on the trigger for the level three shock for as long as he’d been able to stay conscious, pressing his bracelet hard against Dick’s unprotected chest as it electrocuted them both.  Dean knew all too well how bad the pain must have been.  Electricity would have been racing up Cass’s arm.  His entire body had been convulsing.  And yet, somehow, he’d still managed to hold on for an inhumanly long time, ensuring Dick was getting the most voltage possible directly to his heart.  Trapped, surrounded, and in unimaginable pain, Castiel Novak had fought for them using the only weapon he had.
I hadn’t seen that question coming.  I shook my head.  “I don’t know.  Until he’s better, at least.  But I’ll earn my keep, sir.  I can do mechanic work or security, do chores around the house, whatever you want.”
Dean swatted playfully at him.  “Yeah, yeah, skip to the part where I admit I was an idiot and I’m crazy about you.”
It was, he noticed with some amusement, prescribed to “Castiel Angel.”
Dean eyed him over one shoulder.  “You know, I’m not really that hungry,” he said, closing the door.  “What do you say we just warm up some soup?”
“When he fell, I had to do CPR on him, and now he’s…”
“I’ll be human sized in this form,” Cass explained.
“How could he not have known?  Doesn’t Demon Blood make your eyes turn black?”
Charlie barely moved out of the way in time to avoid being run over by a bear of a Creole.  Benny was out of breath.  He had to stop, bend over, and catch his breath before speaking.  “We got us one hell of a problem,” he managed.  “There’s a new bounty out.  Big one.  On Dean Winchester.”
Castiel froze.  “What?”
“So that’s why you were such a dick to me?  Because I gotta tell you, it was a shitty thing to do, saying what you said to me last night!”
Dean laughs, because fuck it. “Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, it absolutely is.”
is hardly the term when unconscious or groaning alphas are bodily dragged from the arena. Boots scratch furrows through the dust, and blood waters that barren field.
Dean pretends to consider it, and Castiel is so far gone, he even believes it.
“Oh no,” Castiel deadpans.
“Who’s next?” Castiel asks Hannah.
“I don’t know what will happen.”
.” Dean can’t breathe again. He stands up. “It’s not gonna matter, ‘cause I’m dying first.”
“Three,” Dean says. “Can I… Is it okay if I open them without you?”
“That would depend on the person and the invitation,” Castiel allows.
Castiel shakes his head. “I said, new.”
“We weren’t romantically involved,” Cas says.
Dean’s so bow-legged, do you?”
“You gotta hold hands with him, too?”
Novak went still, his eyes going wide.  “You’re thinking this is further proof.  You’re thinking that it’s another link between me and whatever you were investigating.  That it’s too convenient.  Sam, are you thinking I was behind you being attacked in the first place?”
That was enough.
Dean looked up hopefully.  “You think so?”
“That will change.”  Her voice was suddenly colder than I’d heard it in years.  “Samandriel, I am your mother.  No one on this Earth loves you more than I do, no one knows you better, and no one has fought and sacrificed more for you than I have!  And I will
“Good afternoon, Agent. Status?”
, Castiel realized. So that’s how he did it. Incorrect guessing led to corrections, and corrections always held at least some bit of the truth.
Cas blushed and smiled. “You made quite the impression on Naomi, as well. I heard her telling Michael about you; she seemed very impressed.”
He survived the party well enough, but as he curled up under the covers of his too-empty bed, he finally realized the inevitable: he wanted...no, needed Dean to be a permanent fixture in his life. He couldn’t see his future any other way.
They worked for the next two hours with Dean studying from the book then taking one of the quizzes. He actually looked impressed when he scored a 75%.
"So," Crowley began, sliding across the back seat so he was behind Castiel and could see the side of Dean's face, "you're Cassie's new boyfriend."
They walked closely together, their shoulders and arms brushing between them. Castiel felt the need to press closer to Dean like a physical ache in his chest. His fingers twitched with the effort to remain safely at his own side. He wanted to cross the already minuscule space between them and take that strong, firm hand in his own. He wanted to touch, to claim; but he wouldn’t be the first to move. He never had been.
“Can’t be too mad at him, though,” Cas said. “He is kinda the reason Dean and I met.”
“Uh…” Sam glanced at Hannah before looking back.
Knocking his chin against Castiel’s immovable forearm, Dean nods. Castiel presses down, and down, and again Dean suffocates.
“Yes? Your appointment was the day after your birthday.” Castiel picks up the sheet of label stickers and looks at Dean pointedly.
“Oh,” Castiel says, and gestures Dean inside. “School picture day. We’re wearing our professional, grown-up outfits.”
“You were going to let them touch me?” Jimmy demands before slapping Dean again. “You’re more toy than alpha, but I didn’t realize you were
Dean doesn’t want to.
“I know. You told me last week. The four months gone part, not the other man part.”
With exaggerated precision, Dean pinches the tip.
“Ask me properly,” Castiel repeats.
“Castiel,” Castiel confirms. “It’s a ‘running gag’ between us. Anyway. I’ll leave you alone.”
Somehow, Dean falls asleep like that.
A grin blooms over Dean’s face, wide and elated.
“Dean’s the funny one, right?” Jack asks, taking Castiel aback when the boy recognizes the name. “The one who loves his grandpa.”
“What?”
“I’m your good boy.”
“Thank you,” Cas says, and it’s gotta be the crushing fatigue that makes him look like he’s about to cry.
“Oh, I see your confusion,” Castiel says, leaning back with the force of that
Cas shakes his head. Points the neck of his beer toward where Sam’s chatting up a laughing woman who keeps touching his arm. “If you’re feeling too old to go out and do that. You’ll never be old to me, Dean.”
“Don’t move,” Dean orders, drawing back, and Castiel’s eyes, his posture, his breathing, is all compliance.
Castiel shoots him a look, and it’s proof of something that Dean knows him well enough to know he ought to tug Castiel back fully into his lap and hug him tight.
“Oh,” he says, and has no idea what to feel.
“Oh goddamn fucking shit.” He drags his palm back from the concrete floor but it’s too late, it’s in him, it’s in him and forcing its way out. The air around him thickens with potential as the burnt stench dissipates. Something is coming, and Dean knows exactly what.
“Organ donor, then cremation, duh.”
Though Dean’s color had evened out as time passed, his eyes closed and his feet tapping to whatever music was playing in his ears, Dean flushes again. Nervous about making a fuss, Castiel assumes.
That gets a bit of a chuckle. “Okay, fair.” Dean clears his throat. “And it’s—I wasn’t lying, I meant it when I said I don’t have to have sex. I, you said you were ace, and I thought, y’know. If we went long term. Whether I could hack it. I don’t know if that’s presumptive or weird or normal for this, but, uh. I figured, should probably sort that one out first. Or maybe just, I dunno, ask you to do shit as friends and do the celibacy thing until I was sure, or… fuck man, I don’t even know.”
He slams in and Dean’s entire body seizes. Every inch of him is pain, every inch of him is sweat. He only realizes how sodden his shirts are when his jacket and flannel drag themselves down his arms. The chill of his wet cotton t-shirt comes in a short-lived burst, wiped out by the ever-escalating heat.
Dean ends up not needing the podcast. It’s much too fun listening to the complete lack of writing Castiel is doing. The hitching little breaths and the quiet creaking of the chair as Castiel rocks his hips against the rhythm of Dean’s mouth. When Castiel gets too close, Dean tries that ball-tugging trick Castiel loves to use on him, but it only holds Castiel off for a minute or so longer.
“Even if that means giving up an advantageous position that could be held with reinforcements?”
“There’s something wrong inside my helm,” Castiel informs Hunter. “I need you to adjust it.”
“In!” Dean shouts, sliding in on a kneel, sliding home in his mate. Getting in takes a harder push than usual, but Cas rocks up into it, legs splayed around Dean’s hips.
Castiel frowns at the tautology. “About him being your father?”
“Cas,” Dean says, realizes.
“Respectfully disagree,” Michael interjects, to a round of chuckles.
The rest of the ride back to familiar territory, Dean keeps his right hand on Castiel’s thigh. Lightly strokes Castiel’s trapped dick. As Castiel turns stiff and silent, Dean checks more than once:
“Fine.”
you cool.” This is stated with the confidence of a child who has always had Castiel as a role model. There are worse fates.
“This is dumb,” Dean immediately complains, but not faster than Sam yells at him.
Looks like for all Jimmy claims to be a fan of Dean’s “jubilant” acting style, the guy’s still got some basic alpha-on-alpha bias that needs working on. It dims Dean’s mood more than he’d ever admit, but again, Jimmy Angel isn’t Dean’s problem.
“Making shit for you to reheat later.”
Except there are no staples in the cardboard box, just another, smaller, more velvety box.
The rhythms of Castiel’s downtime with Dean at the donation center continue here: Dean telling stories, Castiel asking questions that for some reason make Dean laugh. “Never thought about it that way,” Dean says twice, both times an odd response to what Castiel considers an obvious question. A good one, though.
Accompanied by a smile.
“Dean, whatever nightmare this is, this is just a nightmare.” Sam puts himself between them, eyes on the approaching faux-angel as every crate in the warehouse rattles, as every light bulb explodes. “This isn’t real.”
Now leaning forward, elbow on the desk, index finger pointing to Castiel’s face, Dean also pauses. His eyes search Castiel’s face.
The crowds roar and cheer in equal measure.
“Come here,” Castiel murmurs.
sexually unavailable.”
“Yes.”
With a delicate smile, and an even more delicate touch, Cas asks him, “Here?”
“It’s for my grandfather,” Dean calls out as Castiel turns away.
“Please don’t, I’ll be good, I’ll be Master’s good slut, fuck my holes, use my knot-”
“Yeah,” Dean says.
Dean quiets, and his pulse is his elevated standard.
these things. “Very much.”
They begin to circle.
With only a few more hours until morning, Castiel remains in place. He inspects Dean’s hands. He studies Dean’s face. He breathes in Dean’s scent. He thinks about innumerable things, though Dean would blush to hear what percentage of that infinity remains focused on him. Blush and bluster, full of reflexive anger, his signature preemptive defensiveness.
“That’s right,” Castiel agrees. “I need to calm down and go back to dinner now. Please don’t send pictures.”
Another platelet donor needs Tums but thankfully doesn’t come close to vomiting. A few brand new donors need extra time being soothed before being stuck. People keep leaving the canteen too quickly because it’s so small and therefore crowded today. The sounds of Hannah attempting to verbally accost each person as they exit before making their next donation appointment become an additional part of the unrelenting background noise.
“I’m updating my will and living will,” Castiel explains. “If I’m incapacitated and otherwise unable to make decisions regarding my own well-being, will you be my healthcare proxy? If I don’t designate someone, it automatically goes to my parents. You see the obvious issue.”
“And… here?”
tell me what you want. That you can… I know how significant that is for you.”
“What? Oh, no,” Dean says, his signature flush coming back in full. “I mean, like. Y’know. Gay culture shit. Triceratops going clubbing, T-Rex trying to put on those beads they hand out at Pride with his huge head and tiny arms, that kinda stuff. Pterodactyls doing theater, stegosaurus playing D&D.”
“Sam-”
“Wait, wait wait wait.” Dean grabs his arm, rising half off the couch to make the reach. “Wait. Come back.”
“Yes. Personally, I’m fine with both kissing and seated cuddling in public.”
Dean stays put.
“Back off, boys, we’ve got a mating porno on our hands!” Gabriel calls out gleefully. “Cameras in, everyone shut the fuck up, this is money in the bank!”
Manfully resisting the urge to bury his face in his hands, Dean nods, eyes on his empty beer bottle.
“Considering everyone else involved would have to be sent to jail, yes,” Castiel agrees, not finding that joke particularly funny. “I’d probably go too for assaulting a few people.”
Dean waves him aside, enters, slips out of his jacket, and gestures for Jack.
If anything, the real sex starts now. Judging by the sounds of it, there’s some knotplay going on. Keep that slow enough, and it can add a lot of time; that’s in their cards for later.
“If you say so,” Kelly answers, doubt and amusement both in her tone. She doesn’t press the issue, however, one of the reasons Castiel prefers her over most.
Cas lets out a happy hum. He squeezes Dean’s hip again before letting go. “Anything else for the dishwasher?”
“No, I… just hope I wasn’t boring you.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, and sighs. “I know.”
Castiel looks down at him with a raised eyebrow.
“You’re not going to kill me over him, are you?” Gordon answers, free of fear.
“Oh yeah,” Dean says, taking to that idea immediately. “You blow me, you keep your hands on
“Nope, and hopefully neither has Jack Kline.”
mandatory there. I’m fine.”
“Nope. Anyway, I just thought maybe you’d like to know that. That I’m okay not having sex.”
“Styles,” Dean echoes.
Dean hangs around a little later than usual. No reason not to: he’s the boss, after all, and his first class isn’t until the afternoon.
Never before seen on TV, once in a lifetime pay-per-view special: Jimmy Angel-Ryder cracks the fuck up on camera. He squirms. He twists. He clamps down around Dean in every way possible with instinctive, jerky motions.
“Dean,” Cas says.
Hunter’s eyes don’t soften. They simply turn from ice to flame. “
“Fucking bastard,” Hunter swears, kicking Alistair in the side.
“So glad we’re doing this,” Dean confesses directly into Castiel’s ear.
Inside—outside—there is a curtain. The scenting curtain, which from the outside shields Queen Mary, Princess Madison, and Prince Dean from voyeurs.
There is a longer pause.
to finally ditch.
“What does my good boy say?” Castiel prompts.
“…Awkward favor time?” Dean asks, tying the trench coat shut around him, flasher style.
“Okay, wrong question,” Dean acknowledges, wincing. “Do you, like. Horny want to? Or was it an indulging the other guy kind of deal?”
Nearly everyone who can twist around to stare at Castiel has done so. Thankfully, all of the platelet donors today have headphones on and plugged into the TVs. Leaving… everyone else.
Both lines wait for the other to move.
you are,” Prince Samuel says from behind Castiel.
And Castiel, breathless:
Castiel clenches.
“I meant hitting you at the sink.”
“Yeah, okay, fine,” Dean vaguely hears himself say, opening the umbrella over both of them. Holding it steady above their heads, a white-knuckle grip on the handle.
Ten minutes later, the tie has been tied properly—on Jack. Now absurdly long, the tail has been tucked into Jack’s slacks but, crucially and explicitly,
Castiel holds onto him a minute longer, staying just as hard against Dean’s ass the entire time.
“Are you smiling?” Castiel asks, voice as gentle as his hands.
Castiel says things like “I was patiently waiting” and “I don’t mind having time to think” and “Would you rather I woke you instead of waiting until you’re ready?”
“New Year’s rush,” Castiel explains, wrapping up that first arm with equal speed and care. “Great for the blood supply, bad for taking breaks.”
He makes it all the way to the door before looking back.
When Cas comes home, it’s to recap the entire seminar at high speed over yet more reheated lasagna, all the while peppering in things he wished he’d changed or needs to include next class. Dean follows where he can, makes mostly the appropriate noises, and actually makes one salient point that stops Cas in his tracts before riffling through his bag for a pen.
“Oh, hey,” he makes himself say before Cas can bury himself back into the office, or maybe crash onto the couch for a change.
Dean stops thrusting.
Hunter’s rosy face pales beneath the flush of exertion.
Eventually, they sit themselves down. Eventually, they have those important talks, and Cas takes his Plan B. Eventually, they do a lot of things, but for now, Dean laughs and laughs, kissing his mate’s wide grin.
“Got it,” says the bartender, tapping her pen against her order pad. “What does this phlebotomist want for dinner?”
“Everyone stay together,” Jake Talley orders, and they do. Castiel keeps to the rear, the better to observe what is, temporarily, to be his team. Balthazar insinuates himself forward to better reconnoiter, and Hannah remains at Castiel’s side.
“Turn over,” Castiel murmurs. “Hands and knees. No, wait. Arms folded, head down.”
“No.”
Despite Dean’s good humor and far more relaxed mood these days, his pulse remains elevated. Castiel’s grown to accept it as part of Dean’s baseline. Presumably, his experiences with his grandfather’s medical situation have left a stressful association with any medical practices. If Castiel can help him through it with steady hands and occasional praise, that’s what he’ll do.
“No,” Castiel states flatly. “It’s not
Jimmy listens all the way through that, right before coming straight out of left field with “What about Lee?”
“I wish you wouldn’t lie to me, Dean,” Castiel tells him, more disappointed than disapproving. “You know what you’re allowed to say.”
Dean shakes his head, but when he gets up and passes Castiel, he still grabs Castiel’s shoulder with a hard squeeze on his way past.
“Oh,” says Dean, drooping slightly less. His posture continues to close off, perhaps meaning that Castiel has hit a nerve. “Well, uh. Sorry to make you worry.”
Dean walks out with swagger.
Running through the at times excruciatingly familiar steps of getting donor from reception to needle stick, Castiel lets the back of his mind race. Going out for drinks sounds like a date. Going out for coffee sounds like a date. A movie is definitely a date. Watch a sports game? What if his lack of knowledge bores Dean? All of his knowledge comes from Jack, and Jack’s games.
Castiel presses a smug smile against Dean’s cheek. “You’re a good man, Dean.”
Dean hums around him.
“When you’re mine,” Castiel instructs quietly, “when you’re all the way mine, tell me you’re ready.”
Dean looks him over. White shirt and twisted tie, the dress pants and all.
They pull back, but lingeringly so, each keeping at least a hand on the other’s arm.
“Do we need to avenge him?” Castiel asks.
The horn sounds, and Castiel redoubles his focus. He has less ease of motion with Ava behind him instead of Hannah or Balthazar. Less trust. More strain.
Castiel nips at his nape. “Tell me now, or I put you in chastity the rest of the week.”
Jimmy slaps him again. Though there’s cruelty in his mouth, there’s only concern in his eyes. “Tell the nice alpha how much you like my cock,” he orders, a clear out if Dean wants to refuse.
“Hm,” Cas hums, which isn’t necessarily agreement.
“Who says I was gonna-”
“Yes.”
Should an angel break from this norm, it is only after a very long time. Hundreds of thousands of years. Eons. Epochs.
“Thank you,” Cas says, and Dean’s entire body is a thing of heat and shivers.
As Dean sets about the familiar work of blowing his mate, he hears both Michael and Hester taking wildly different approaches to their omegas. Prepping the hole instead, probably working in some stretches. But no, not for Cas. They keep him tight, though Dean does pull Cas’ ass cheeks wide as the camera circles around to take a look. Cas leaks and leaks, but his only concession to arousal is to widen his stance and growl with his hand buried in Dean’s hair.
“Burger time!” Dean announces, setting both plates down on the coffee table. “I did the maple bacon thing, and it
Everyone starts to shift around as the forty minute mark draws near. It has to be near. Dean and Cas carefully roll back over, a practiced maneuver from home, but cursing comes from behind them.
Jimmy stares up at him, face flushed, scent horny as hell, eyes wide and afraid and resigned.
Knee-walking, Castiel straddles Dean, kissing demands against his neck and mouth, gripping Dean’s wrists behind Dean’s back. Castiel wraps Dean up in his whole body, their jackets open, Castiel’s buttons rubbing into Dean’s t-shirt.
Dean’s words won’t turn back on.
Untouched and cold, Dean lets himself whine.
He knows exactly what’s going to happen if he follows the plot, and exactly what Cas is gonna arrive to when he inevitably comes to check on Dean and Sam.
Eyes on his hand, Kelly asks, “Is your tie on backwards?” Then: “Why are you wearing a tie?”
Nodding, Castiel enters in that answer along with all the rest. Finally, they’re back to blood pressure.
“Down,” Cas orders, and Dean rears up, presses forward, and folds him in half, Cas’ knees shoved up to his own shoulders as his back hits the mat.
“What was that?” asks Cas.
“Ah-ah-ah!” is the best Dean can manage to warn before his knot goes and pops, stretching out, plugging up Jimmy’s hole, anchoring them together. Above him, Jimmy’s eyes flutter.
After the third attempt, chest heaving, breath ragged, the alpha is escorted out as well.
The noise trickles out around Castiel’s fingers, a keening, hitching whimper too desperate to be sexy. Mortification blazes though Dean, hotter than his dick, hotter than Castiel himself, but Castiel simply nods.
Arms folded, wrists glinting with as much gold as his furrowed brow, Michael waits.
. It bounces up against his stomach.
Cas takes Dean’s hand in a firm shake. “Likewise,” he says, expression serious, and that’s when Dean fucking breaks, laughing his ass off against Cas’ shoulder.
The shifting sheets foretell Dean’s next motion. Dean’s bare leg hooks over Castiel’s. Dean pulls with arm and leg both, and Castiel grins at the grumble pressed into his nape. They end up more or less in the middle of the bed. Dean’s t-shirt rucks up between his stomach and Castiel’s back, but the blatantly abandoned pajama pants—and boxers ostensibly hidden within—are in no position to divide them.
Dean ducks his head and drinks his beer.
The guy on the floor puts in his two cents by coughing out a few rattling breaths and dying.
Even if it is a really nice image.
The tiny amount Dean can, he shakes his head.
Not on Dean in the holding way, the determined press of two chests refusing to separate.
It’s why Dean falls out of them whenever he’s turned on.
Very seriously, Cas nods. “I want to taste you,” he says, as if that’s a thing people say to each other after sex is over.
“Tough.”
They push off from each other, and Hunter does not target Castiel’s weak shoulder.
“Pull here,” Dean says, leaning over him, showing him.
“You want soap in the face? ‘Cause this is how you get soap in your face,” Dean warns.
Or cruel.
“You like the sound of that?” Dean checks.
In the long blankness of Castiel’s mind, there are no words to be found.
Once more, Jimmy picks up on the cue perfectly:
The sparring intensifies into a duel, but never transitions into the threat of true battle. When they lock in close once more, Hunter hits him with a surprisingly high kick to the midsection, pushing Castiel back. Rather than take advantage of Castiel’s weakened balance, Hunter steps back to grandstand, sword and shield raised high despite the obvious strain in his arms.
On set, Dean stays clear of the other alphas, the better to keep the false scent on. He and Benny get to catch up with a little hands-on action, though, chewing the fat as Gabriel directs them through their blocking. Dean and Benny—make that, Hunter and Lee—hold position here, then there, staying put while the lighting gets adjusted.
Dean sinks. He falls inside his own skin until he’s nestled up against the edges of it. His mouth waters. His world turns clear and hazy, a flawed and shining gemstone. He breathes and he relaxes, feeling shivers replace aches, finding his body as he loses his mind.
Competitive knotting comes down to a few things beyond simply achieving a solid lock. How long can the alpha maintain their knot? How long can the omega’s muscles hold out and hold on? Can cramping be delayed, or can the lock be maintained through the pain? Should the omega come beforehand, or can they be compelled to tighten via subsequent orgasms?
“Please,” Castiel says.
“We can use it,” Castiel allows.
Leaning down, Castiel tightens it snugly against Dean’s throat.
“No,” Dean says, pulling Castiel along beside him. “No, no,
They both flip him off in unison, and that’s when Dean first gets to hear Jimmy Angel laugh.
“God, yeah.”
“Flu,” Sam insists, now muffled.
Hunter turns his back.
“We’re getting so fucking married,” Dean agrees, and this is the point where Castiel drags him back to the bedroom, now by the belt.
It’s dream logic he can’t act on, waking.
“Okay,” Dean says, and keeps waiting. Then, he adds, “We don’t have to do this now.”
“By wanting to be.”
At the end of the work day, Castiel checks his phone.
Castiel reaches beneath his own arm to take Dean’s hand. He pulls firmly and presses Dean’s palm against his chest.
Despite the music, despite the chatter and clamor of the bar, they sit in absolute silence.
“That’s what all my nightmares are about,” Cas says, still hugging Dean around the middle. “Except for the ones where his father finds us.”
“Fine,” Dean says.
Dean shakes his head. “You drink. Yours has ass juice in it now.”
good look on you.”
“Right,” Dean says, sounding none too pleased about it.
“Say my name,” Castiel orders gently.
At the end of the aisle, Dean turns around and looks back. The employee looks away. Unabashed, the man keeps staring at Dean, as inscrutable and strange as a misplaced statue.
Wood and metal strike Castiel above the right ear, and it would be vanity to say Castiel lets himself fall.
“Yeah, no, I got that,” Dean agrees. “I meant, was there actually a cupcake?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With the physical side of their relationship, however, there is compromise.
person, and the answer is very much
Beside him, beneath him, Dean lies there, chest light, muscles loose, and he smiles.
Dean shakes his head harder, because he’s not. In his dreams, maybe, but only in them. And not to any Cas, even a fake one.
As commanded, Castiel returns to the capital and trains, much to Jack’s delight and his own private fury. Jousting has never been his strong suit. Spears may fit well the hands of their king, but Castiel is a master of sword and buckler. Without the weight of experience to bolster his prowess, he merely has the weight of years, thirty-three of them now. Thus, Castiel prepares, and he prepares to lose. How best should he wear his grief? With resignation? With anger? Which response will convince King Michael to accept Castiel swearing off courtship in all its forms?
“Yessir,” Dean replies.
Dean’s push in comes slow and steady, hot and wide. Castiel shifts one knee to the side, the better to make room, and Dean fills that space in so many ways. Dropping his head, Castiel presses back. Easily supporting himself—and Dean, still sprawled over him—with one arm, Castiel pulls at his cock with the other. He works himself at a pace entirely unlike Dean’s jackrabbit thrusts.
Despite being on the phone, Castiel nods. “Should I bring food?”
, this ain’t gonna last.”
“Oh,” Cas says. He looks away, finally, the better to pick at the label on his beer bottle. “Dean, you know you don’t have to keep me company if you’d rather be finding someone to ‘hook up’ with.”
They don’t end up reading that night, but the kissing is a welcome substitute.
As Jimmy pushes in, deeper, deeper, there’s no hint of getting to the end until Jimmy’s balls swing against his, until Dean’s blazing ass gets cradled by Jimmy’s crotch. No knot to cushion the impact, but no knot to slow them down either.
“I need words, buddy.”
“Yup. And you get to hold ‘em right up against your dick.”
On the fifth strike, all snarl; Hunter included, his as unpracticed as his growl. The sound melts and calms Castiel’s heart even as he meets Alistair’s gaze.
That’s not it, then. Not quite.
The crowd and Castiel’s ears roar in equal measure, and Castiel stays down.
“Look who can stand up,” one of the medics says.
This week is busier, but Castiel does get that time to calm himself. He also gets that time to fully realize he still has Dean restrained and attached to a machine he can’t detach himself from without excessive bleeding.
Dean nods. “Yeah. Yeah. You, uh.” He shoots a thumbs up at Hannah through the glass door. “I… gotta go install some shit in a kitchen.”
“Well, you look very handsome,” Dean jokes as they sit. “Combed your hair and everything.”
Castiel keeps the portrait book close, prizing it for the absolute pride on Jack’s face each time his squire sees it. For though Castiel trusts Jack as much as anyone might responsibly trust a child, he cannot correct the boy. He hasn’t even corrected Hannah, and his one attempt to inform Balthazar had only given rise to more teasing, that of Castiel being in stammering denial. And thus, his secret is entirely his own, unfit to be believed by anyone.
“On it,” Dean promises with a wink.
“If I—just spit-balling here—if I recorded me jerking it and talking about the shit I like about you, would you watch that?”
Dean keeps stirring the cheese sauce.
happen, would you ever say yes?”
“I’d rather start in the date way,” Castiel replies.
One hour four minutes.
Dean grins at him.
“How do-”
“There.” Cas points.
Cas pulls the baby monitors out of their charging stand on the desk. He turns on both before clipping one to the side of Jack’s crib.
No more grin. None at all. “This is a lot. I think- Yeah, no, this is a lot.”
“So what’s it to be, alphas?” Balthazar asks. He punctuates the greeting with two taps of the gauntlet against Castiel’s shoulder. “Establish a line, form a circle? Backstab everyone once the horn sounds?”
The competition dwindles, and the victor is announced.
He remembers.
“No, for you,” Dean explains, feeling a smile flickering at the edges of his nerves. “For you to wear. If you want. I mean, you don’t have to, but if you did, it would be- I’d really-” Dean cuts himself off. “It’d be cool,” he finishes lamely.
Dean turns both hands palm up and flips a pair of birds. “I can do this just fine.”
Wrinkling his nose, Castiel finishes off the glass. He sets it aside.
Dean takes his time coming back, but he does come back. He sits heavily. On the coffee table, their burgers cool. The TV dims, Netflix tired of waiting for them.
Dean, than maybe Cas shouldn’t have fucking hooked up with a heavily pregnant woman fleeing her stalker ex. Maybe Cas shouldn’t have up and devoted his entire goddamn life to some stranger he’d barely just met, so fucking enamored with her and a kid who hadn’t even been born yet. Maybe Cas shouldn’t have abandoned the people he’d already promised to stick by. Fucking idiot had done everything except move away.
“Does it hurt?” Castiel asks.
And then, louder still, Castiel unzips.
“When I couldn’t focus today, I let myself come home early instead of fucking up paperwork or making a dangerous mistake,” Dean adds.
Gradually, relentlessly, harder.
Castiel’s look of pride swallows Dean up.
Getting both arms around Dean’s middle, Castiel pulls Dean up, his upper arms wedged under Dean’s armpits. Their bodies press together from chest to waist as Dean attempts to regain his balance, his feet slipping on either side of Castiel’s.
us,” Cas says icily.
the makeup and product.
They hold on, cheek to cheek, breathing. Relaxing into each other. Being together.
Absolutely no one comes to mind.
“Yeah, uh…” Dean carefully pulls back on his flannel, then his jacket, before standing. “About that drink, though.”
“I know,” Jimmy deadpans, and Dean almost breaks character laughing. “Turn around anyway. I don’t want you thinking you’re earned the privilege of biting me.”
“Yeah, no, definitely,” Dean agrees, very much not freaking out. “It’s only, you’re making it sound like you’d be just as cool with us being BFFs forever as us being…”
“Have to say, I wouldn’t mind getting in on that ass,” Benny muses, dragging Jimmy’s focus and snarls back to him. “Whoa, hey there.” Benny laughs, holding up both hands. “Seems like you got a big enough a slut there to share.”
“Hey!” Hunter protests, but the third horn blows.
he can’t. Gone in an hour.
Only two years later, Samuel Winchester takes a mate. King Michael hands Castiel the proclamation himself, a courtesy letter inviting members of their court to attend their neighbor’s festivities.
Narrowing his eyes, Castiel glowers down at him.
Jack grumbles, and because Castiel is nothing if not devoted to this boy, he responds by kneeling down on the wet, salty, gritty pavement and nodding over his shoulder. Face immediately lighting back up, Jack climbs onto Castiel’s back, “helping” by holding onto one of Castiel’s bags with his arms around Castiel’s neck. Castiel splits his remaining load between both hands, trusting on Jack’s monkey-like abilities to not fall off.
“If the lock does not hold when you are instructed to tug, that is game over. If you can’t stay in your mate, you can’t stay in the game. You’ve also been assigned your own section of the ring. No beds, no props, only your mate and you.” With a lime green plastic stopwatch in hand, the beta finally shouts, “Three, two, one, begin!”
Almost furtively, Dean approaches, holding out one gloved hand as if testing an electric stove.  Castiel reaches out with one arm and Dean tentatively holds his hand out over it as Castiel continues to sink down.
“Before I hook you up, do you want to use the TV?” Castiel asks. “There’s headphones, and we have Netflix.”
Perhaps as a result of the thrill of battle, Castiel’s sensitive nose catches even stronger hints of Hunter’s token from Prince Dean. It’s a steadying, calming scent, and Castiel remains close for utilitarian reasons. His racing heart slows. Exhaustion fades, painted over by that strange brush.
Cas doesn’t let go, dragging Dean across the stairway landing of a hall and into his bedroom. It’s a mess, the kind that order falls into when there’s more pressure than time, and it’s surreal to see even just the bed unmade.
“If you want me, you’ll look at me.”
In defiance of the awkward angle, he digs his fingers into Dean’s ass. He thrusts his ass up, pulling Dean’s hips down. And, throaty and deep, he moans out, “
“This is exactly why I wanted to have this talk,” Castiel says, nodding. “You’re my emergency contact too.”
“I see you’re up already,” Queen Mary says. “Sir Castiel, isn’t it? Duke of Rapture? The one that’s been in love with Dean for years.”
“Kelly wasn’t my girlfriend,” Cas says.
Dean whimpers.
Even up close, it’s hard to tell which one is which. The make-up team does such a good job heightening their already uncanny similarities, the only giveaway is their scents: Michael’s the alpha. Typically, playing up designations for the camera makes it readily apparent who’s what, but Michael and Adam have synchronized past the point of distinction.
“We’ll talk to our agents first,” Jimmy answers, taking the words right out of Dean’s mouth. “For now, I’d like someone to toss us our bathrobes, and then see we aren’t disturbed in the dressing room.”
One of the referees approaches as medics escort out the newest wave of casualties. Keeping both Castiel and Hannah in front of her, the referee waits to see whether the felled alpha can stand. Around them all, other combatants cheer and jeer, drowned out as they are by their audience.
,” Dean says, and kisses him. He pulls back abruptly, unable to choose one course of action when there’s too much to say and do and feel. “Did you tell your parents you were doing this? ‘Cause they got this bigass smiles when I told them I was asking this week-”
Dean presses a sleepy kiss to the digit.
“Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth.”
It’s dumb.
Kisses him.
“I mean,” Dean tries to say.
Standing against a backdrop of rain, Cas looks at him with an investigative squint in his eyes.
“Please.”
His expression fond beyond measure, Cas rises, kisses him softly, and follows.
Dean licks his lips and takes a chance.
“Okay,” Dean answers, breathless.
“You must seriously love cats, huh,” Dean says, inwardly lamenting that someone this insanely, intriguingly weird is bound to have a house full of dander.
Dean swallows.
“Probably not me,” Prince Samuel says. “With our visors down, it should be fine.”
Cas tugs.
Cas kisses him this time, seizing Dean by the head, and yeah,
“Sonuvabitch,” Dean mutters, rolling his shoulder as he buttons up his flannel, only to duck away from Cas’ hand. “Whoa, hey hey hey.”
Dean turns off his music. “Sorry?”
After Dean cleans off the board and tops off Castiel’s glass with the last of Monday’s wine, Dean brushes his teeth, rinses with mouth wash, and comes back to tuck himself wholly under the table. Castiel spreads his legs but leaves the belt and fly for Dean to enjoy. Cushion in place under the table, one earbud in and one of his car talk podcasts loaded up on his phone, Dean holds off on pressing play until after he’s got Castiel’s dick in his mouth, until after he can enjoy Castiel’s reaction to unexpectedly cool mintiness.
“Oh,” Castiel says again, his sinking feeling sinking yet deeper. “Did he reschedule?”
As he’s escorted out under the stands, however, he begins to doubt his own sense of direction. Because this is not the way out to the medical tents. He pushes back, catches himself on a wall beneath the arena, and turns to face the beta medics.
“You’re my good boy,” Castiel tells him, pressing down against Dean’s desperate hard-on. “You’re such a good boy.” He kisses Dean hard but not deep, breaking away instead of giving Dean tongue. “Tell me what you want.”
Eyes narrowed in clear confusion, Jimmy again shakes his head. “I told you, you’re jubilant. It’s why I…” He trails off, visibly thinking better of it.
Jack’s puppy eyes are less effective at eight than they were at five, but still far from ineffective. Castiel holds firm anyway.
he has a
“No, I-” Dean stops. Thinks. “Okay, that was- Never mind what that was.”
“That bad, huh?” Dean says, making a face possibly reflecting Castiel’s own expression.
The man frowns deeply. “Then can I ask what all the cat treats were for?”
“Incoming,” one of Prince Samuel’s alphas needlessly warns: Alistair has used the previous break and this round so far to rally the remaining players against Prince Samuel’s numbers.
“Oh,” Dean says, the glee immediately falling from his face. “You’ve got a kid?”
“When you say, ‘whatever kind of relationship,’ what are you saying?” Dean asks.
Slowly, Cas’ stare travels from Dean’s face, across the bar, and back. “I’ve had the impulse,” Cas says, which is news.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Like you keep your eyes on the road half the time.”
Fighting against gagging as hard as he can, Dean stretches his tongue out and just barely manages to touch Castiel’s balls.
“Okay?” Dean shifts to look him in the eyes, to see the way Cas bites his own lip in consternation.
“You want me to hang around?”
“Your brother.”
They stand there a moment longer, catching their breaths, until the horns sound.
“Then it’s not dishonest.” Kelly replaces the couch cushions while Castiel folds back up the guest sheets.
Cas nods very seriously indeed. “As a reward? Or a punishment?”
He carefully inspects which way to roll it on.
“I take my responsibilities toward him very seriously,” Castiel says.
Throat thick, the words breaking, Dean finally admits, “I need you to.”
Hunter turns at the railing, sword raised, and with his other hand, he gestures for the crowd to cheer louder.
“Yes?” Cas asks, pausing with one hand on the kitchen island.
Voices shouting, hands grabbing, the cameras crowding closer; Jimmy punches someone in the tumult, someone trying to get him off Dean. Protective and aroused in equal measure, Dean pulls Jimmy down against his chest before flipping them over, keeping Jimmy safe under him. More hands, more grabbing: Dean growls at all of it, bellowing as he gets his breath back. He kicks blindly and makes contact.
There, they come to an impasse of stubborn wills.
Without knowing how to fit together safely, they leave larger gaps between themselves. Captain Talley goes down in a wrestling scuffle, and Castiel leaves Gordon to help him. Defending Balthazar takes precedent. Then defending himself.
“I love you,” Castiel promises, words that can’t reach him, and smites Dean from the inside blazing out.
Looking Prince Samuel in the eyes, Castiel replies, “Hannah, if you have ever wished for me to gain the prince’s approval, I need you to do this for me. Now. I can explain later. Take him. Contain him. Ignore anything he says.”
), he knows he’d be putting out an alpha stink out of sheer defensiveness.
“Too annoying?”
, but hanging out. And stuff.”
There between them, sits an empty chair.
“You should be fine now,” Castiel tells Sam, one hand still on his forehead.
“It’s a cupcake,” Castiel replies, en route to put his lunchbox away in the back office. “Don’t eat it.”
Dean pauses, a proverbial deer in headlights.
But naturally, Cas picked up the behavior part without fully grasping the context part.
“That okay?” Dean checks.
“Maybe…” Dean says, but trails off.
“I prefer
“I see,” Castiel says.
Later, once the doors are closed and the equipment and floor freshly cleaned, Castiel says to Meg, “You can have the cupcake.”
“Pizza in the fridge,” Dean says. “And more water.”
Two weeks of wondering pass, and Castiel comes to no conclusions. What he has is Kelly’s practical course of action, to ask for friendly socialization first, to ask for a date second.
into his underwear. The oven is off but far from cool. Everything waits inside to keep warm. Beer bottles are cold in the fridge, accompanied by a six-pack of root beer so Jack can mimic them.
“He and Dean are scent compatible,” Prince Samuel admits.
“That’s a no.”
There’s a gentle pressure on Dean’s shoulder, a soft brush of hair against his cheek: maybe a kiss on the shoulder. “Thank you for making the lasagna again. I know it takes forever.”
“Typically? Send them back for basic training,” Castiel answers, and Hunter’s attention snaps back to him, his pale green eyes fire bright. “But with you, I doubt that would be a concern.”
Brow furrowed, Cas blinks up at Sam, answering with a quizzical “We will?” before Sam fucking skips away.
It’s absolutely, completely dumb.
But this is not part of the physical compromise.
Dean clears his throat.
,” Gabriel interrupts. “You’re on the clock! Less family planning, more fucking!”
Turning away for the moment, Dean hangs the towel back over the handle of the dishwasher. He smooths it down. “I know which challenge I want, and I know what reward I want.” He turns back to Cas, who looks at him with curiously narrowed eyes and a tilted head.
“I’m, uh. Gonna clean up some more. With the baby monitor. You, um. You sleep. Okay?”
Where are the jokes? The easy smiles? Why won’t Dean relax under his hands anymore?
Castiel valiantly struggles to think of a convincing one.
“Do I have any siblings?”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel pulls Dean back in with a hand on each hip. He tries not to smirk at Dean’s hard inhale, or even harder member against Castiel’s front. “If you start asking about any other ace’s sexual boundaries, I will be forced to become jealous.”
Dean breathes in so deeply, it makes him dizzy.
“You what?” Dean finally manages.
” Dean groans, so far relaxed into it, he comes out the other side, hot and bothered. “Oh, baby, you’re so fucking good at that-”
They turn in time to see Benny go down, and stay down, a few dozen yards away. Prince Samuel continues his duel against the one remaining foe.
One hour two minutes.
Dean’s dumb.
“Ask me properly,” Castiel instructs.
Dean nods. “They couldn’t take being hornier?”
“Cas?”
Back out in the main room, patiently waiting to be drawn on and then punctured, Dean has his flannel off and folded in his lap, on top of the light jacket he’d already removed. Down to a band t-shirt, he is clearly a man used to wearing many layers, but looking at him, it’s hard to imagine Dean having body image problems. Between his chest and his arms, Dean’s a very fit man, and the softness to his stomach is that of someone who eats well.
“More touching, or more panties?”
When this at last stops and the world tilts and pulses in soft slow ways, Castiel brings his cock back to Dean’s lips and says, “Again.”
Cas doesn’t say anything.
Honestly, he wouldn’t have minded taking his break with Dean, but there’s no sense in making a nervous man that much more nervous.
“I’m sure,” Castiel answers, and he makes himself be.
“Of course. Nothing I’m ‘grumpy’ about is more important than you.” As if he hasn’t just punched Dean in the heart, Castiel continues, “My main concern is growing apart should your romantic endeavors succeed, like how Sam is more distant now he has Eileen.”
First groping Dean’s ass with both hands, rubbing the heat in, Jimmy pulls Dean’s ass cheeks apart and starts thrusting his cock up along Dean’s crack. “Show me how good a toy you can be.” With that, Jimmy finally takes himself in hand and pushes the fat head of his cock against Dean’s hole.
“Even though we’re already, you know. On board with hanging out the rest of our lives. Not
Dean’s half-frown clears, and he relaxes slightly. “I mean, it’s hard to say ‘better’ with chemo kicking his ass, but, yeah, I think he’s holding steady. Got to see him after he had a platelet treatment and, man, he was like a different guy.”
Eyes narrowed, Jimmy inspects Dean’s face critically. “You work together very well.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, the words rushed. “Is this pressing? I’m having dinner with my parents.”
“Oh.”
“Please let me suck you, Dean.”
“Cas,
“No, seriously, this works,” Dean says, omitting that it doesn’t always. “Go grab some water or something.”
“No, no, I’m good,” Dean says, an absolute lie any way he slices it.
“Husbands?”
“Oh,” he says after that pause.
“Yeah?”
Ahead of him: Alistair in full armor, broadsword swinging. Ahead of them both: Hunter in chain and leathers, sprinting toward the rail. Ahead of them all: a shouting crowd and the half-empty royal box.
“Do you want to come?”
,” Dean groans. He mashes his cheek against Castiel’s shoulder. “In? Can I?”
Slowly, Jimmy nods back. “But you do enjoy it.”
Too soon, it’s time to release Dean back into the wild. For all he can reassure himself how unlikely it is that Dean will meet someone in the next fortnight, there’s no guarantee. Desperation grinds his brain to a complete halt.
“Come for me,” Castiel commands, and there is no choice, only trembling. Castiel holds Dean’s head in place, holds him still while he falls apart. The mess of his lap simply worsens the torture. Every jerk of Dean’s hips drags him through bright sparks of pain. “You’re so wet for me, Dean.” Castiel pets Dean’s damp hair. “You’re going to swallow my come until it leaks out of you.”
Kneeling on the floor of their staged back alleyway, Benny grabs Dean by the hips in response and hauls Dean’s ass back against his crotch. “Then roll ‘em already!” Benny calls out, shifting his grip to the back of Dean’s shirt.
“Something wrong?” Castiel checks, breaking an abruptly shallow kiss to look around. It’s a liberal town, but two men openly kissing at night might still have cause for concern.
Castiel stands and ushers Dean back out into the main room of the Red Cross donation center. Short half-walls divide the donation area from the small processing rooms lining the sides, and also serve as a barrier between the reception area and the canteen. Castiel leads Dean toward one of the bed-like recliners with the TV monitors. He pats one of the large armrests. “Here, please.”
“Garth,” Prince Samuel says. “You too.”
“I think so too,” the man agrees.
Even now, to look at the memory of Cas, no one would guess the depths of his longing.
Castiel sighed and rolled out of bed to change the sheets. He had so much shit to throw down at confession tomorrow.
“How close do you think they’ll let me get to those cars?” he yelled as he dug through his suitcase. The green t-shirt, that would be good with his brown leather jacket and some jeans, plus it was super soft from all the washes and wears.
"He's new, tall, gorgeous, literally sex on a fucking stick..."
, as the graduation brochure listed him (Yeah, with a name like that, no wonder he was so fuckin’ weird)—well, he never showed up. He wasn’t at graduation
“We have a date planned for dinner Friday,” Dean answered smugly. “I’ll check in with you afterwards.”
And then she looked around at the crowd that had gathered, as if to ensure they’d all witnessed Cas’s humiliation. And by god, they all had. A glance over Cas’s shoulder showed almost everyone had stopped their shopping. Even the crowds inside the stores had come out. And now they all stood unified together, glaring down at Cas.
Cas looked back at them. “In the distant future, don’t worry. It’ll be the whole big ceremony with you two there, along with whoever else we want.”
“You should’ve let me choose! You should’ve given me the chance!”
Despite his care for Hannah, he’d been lumped in with his mother and sister. He was still, and always would be, one of the ugly step-siblings.
“Gordon...”
He found the alpha in the basement, just finishing up his night shift. There was no warning, no preamble. Dean simply grabbed him by the collar and shoved him against the nearest wall.
“I don’t care what it is. My answer is no,” Cas’s voice was firm, unwavering. “I finally have a good thing with someone, with Dean,” Dean flinched as he heard his own name. “And I’m not going to endanger that, not when Lucifer could have any of his thousands of buddies do it instead.”
“Oh,” he muttered.
“Okay, there’s leftovers in the fridge if you’re hungry.”
.” Dean blushed but couldn’t stop his smile. “Man, I gotta tell you, the first car I ever pulled apart and rebuilt was your P2.”
“I’ve known it since the first time I saw you,” Dean admitted.
A new, low voice rose behind Sam. “You would do well to remember, Alpha,” the word was snarled as another figure emerged from the darkness of the trees, “to not harm my Supreme.”
"Whore's not worth the trouble," he said, before walking away. Dean watched him go, then turned to Castiel.
“Deceptive?” Castiel scoffed. “This was nothing of the kind. I simply wanted to ensure he was worthy before burdening you.”
Perhaps, with Dean so far away, he could finally kill that monstrosity he’d trapped in his own mind. It wouldn’t hurt Dean, because he’d be in a completely different world, in a time and place when that part of him didn’t even exist yet.
“Alpha,” Dean breathed, and that seemed to be it, because Castiel finally claimed his lips in a slow, deep kiss.
Dean shook his head. “I didn't, but then I realized that one more move won't kill me, and it'll mean that I get to be with my amazing boyfriend in one of the greatest cities on earth.” He shrugged. “And what's to say that my folks will even stay in the area after Sammy graduates in a couple years?”
“Yes, I’m at Sandover Investments,” he replied.
“No,” Dean replied as he stopped on the stair below Cas. Cas pulled back a tiny bit. It was so damn hard to focus when Dean was this close, but Dean just pressed into his space. “Because we both saw how that turned out, and I don’t know about you, but I am sick and tired of us running from each other.”
He quickly typed out a response.
Charlie sighed and smiled ruefully at them. "I'm sorry. I just..."
Dean grabbed the plates with the cutlery stacked on top, and Castiel grabbed the cups then followed him back out to the dining room. They set the table quickly, hands and arms brushing as they worked. When they finished, Dean turned away to head for the bathroom, when Castiel suddenly stopped him with a hand on his arm.
Dean shook his head. “
He should’ve known she would see right through him.
"So, you have a face to go with my name, but I still don't have a name to go with this face," Castiel traced a finger down the boy's cheek.
Before Castiel could answer, Anna slipped up beside them. “If you can convince him to display a couple, you’d be my personal hero.”
“Still doesn’t hold a candle to you, here and now, absolutely real.”
"Hey, yourself," Dean greeted back. He took a step closer, and Castiel immediately took a step back. Dean's brows furrowed until he saw the way Castiel's eyes flitted to the door.
I avoided his gaze and stared at the TV. Did I wanna tell him? What if it ended up not working out...
“Shit,” he heard Jo mutter.
The guy hadn't bugged him in weeks, but that didn't mean anything. He could have just been biding his time, waiting for the perfect moment. And right now, alone in this bathroom with Castiel too sick to put up much of a fight... This was a perfect moment, if ever he wanted one.
“I think this type of bread would be perfect for the festival!” the golden-warm voice exclaimed. And then it was right there, right at Cas’s elbow. “Don’t you think so, Lord Dupuis?”
“Since two agents died!” Victor roared, slamming his fist down on the conference table.
“Alone?”
“What do you want, Dean?” he asked, far too tired and hurt to play anymore of this bastard’s infuriating games.
“It made sense, though.” Dean glanced away, “That all you liked about me was my scent.”
Castiel considered leaving it at that; they'd both apologized, the air was clear. But what Crowley had suggested wasn't actually half bad. Drawing im a deep breath, Castiel ruled out his offer before he could lose his nerve.
Later, when Dean dropped Castiel back off after lunch, he pulled him into a brief kiss.
“But...” Anna prompted.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Engaged.”
"Oh, I can feel that," Castiel replied. He moved down Dean's body again and tugged his underwear off to come face to face with his cock.
“That’s quite a collection you’ve got under that collar,” a voice called out, and Cas turned to find Crowley standing by the drinking fountain.
He walked into the parlor, where the guests mingled as they waited for dinner to be announced, and found Dean once again standing at Sam’s side.
"So there
Cas...the Cas who’d stayed up all night telling him about his shitty upbringing, the Cas who’d peppered kisses across the freckles on Dean’s nose and cheeks, the Cas who’d whispered confessions of love between soft gasps and pretty sighs.
“Castiel, where is he?”
He couldn't very well tell her the truth, that he'd just hung up on his boyfriend who wasn't actually his boyfriend. That he was a whore who'd never actually redeem himself, who'd always be someone's second best. That the girl who'd made Castiel's life so miserable for the past year was fucking his not-actual-boyfriend right this moment.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize,” Anna mumbled, heat flooding her cheeks. Castiel smiled at her encouragingly.
Castiel rolled his eyes. "No, I still have a lot of homework," he called back. Which, it wasn't totally a lie. He did have homework; he just probably wasn't going to get it done for a while.
Castiel checked his reflection in the mirror at least a hundred time before Dean pulled up. He gulped a bit and went to meet his car.
Dean blushed and shrugged nonchalantly. “Miss Mosley, the academic advisor...she helped me a lot with it. Found a way for me to put in for late application.”
As they passed the different pieces, Castiel pointed out a couple of his favorites.
They met with a couple more prospective artists and wooed several more sponsors, rearranged the exhibits again and again to find that perfect balance. Every detail was examined, from the schedule of the evening to the champagne they’d serve. They met with each intern to determine their strong points, placing them in an appropriate area of the gallery accordingly.
As soon as they reached the top of the stairs, they could hear the muffled sobs. Dean followed the heart-wrenching sound down the hall to a closed bedroom door. Another breath held. He pushed the door open. Another breath released.
“Dean,” Sam warned from behind him. “He’s got the message.”
Donna poked her head into the room, a grin lighting her face. “How we doing in here?”
Brady waited while the bartender returned to set the fresh Old-Fashioned down in front of Dean then moved away again to see to other guests.
Ana reached over to run a soothing hand down his back. “Yes, your magic is very strong, the strongest I’ve ever seen. And that’s why you must control it, my dove. Uncontrolled magic, magic that bursts up with emotions, is not in any way an asset...”
something that prompted our little rendezvous," Crowley prodded.
With the reminder of Dean’s boss, Cas’s mind slammed to a halt. “Wait..." He shook his head, took a step back, pulled his wrist from Dean’s grasp. "You lied to me! For
They glanced toward Raphael, the closest of their father’s advisors, but he was frowning too. “I’d just assumed they would bring one, that’s pretty customary…”
Dean brought trembling fingers to stroke down Cas’s cheek.“You were ready to give up your secret…to expose the royal family to scandal, all to protect me.” His breath hitched. “Only a fool would miss such obvious signs.”
I nodded toward Balth, the blonde guy I’d seen with Cas that first time. “He’s got it covered.”
Dean chuckled. “I bet you do.”
Castiel shoved him out the door. "Fuck off."
Dean jerked back. “But Castiel...”
“Well, whoever it was, send them our thanks,” Bobby replied. “And even so, my offer still stands.”
He wasn’t supposed to be doing this. He was past this, past
Funny how life throws you a curveball, ain’t it?
Everything shuddered to a halt, like the clock itself was too confused to tick for a moment. Dean watched the play of muscles under the alpha’s uniform as he practically marched away, saw the way the chandelier’s lights glinted off the dark hair, smelled the fresh bitterness in the air.
"Baby," Bela crooned softly. "You're obviously upset. Let me make it better."
“Better that than...whatever the hell you call all that roundabout, backwards whatever,” Sam gestured behind them.
“And?”
Around the dance floor, several seating areas of varying styles and sizes were already packed full, from couples to large groups. Bars lined the three walls at the back of the room, with multiple bartenders shouting and performing at each one as they poured drinks and flipped bottles back and forth between them. Throughout the room, there were tables with poles attached and dancers prancing around, winking and flirting with the people below them.
“With the jet, I can be there in a couple of hours,” Sam muttered. He glanced up at the witches. “Who’s coming with us to perform the spell?”
Castiel sighed. "Dean Winchester."
"Oh, okay." Castiel moved off of him and watched as Dean got ready. "Will I see you tomorrow?"
Anna had volunteered to stay, since she could keep up an act better than either of them. Castiel wouldn’t be able to hold his emotions in check, and he knew that Meg wouldn’t be able to contain her homicidal tendencies.
“When was it decided that he would be the supreme?” he asked softly.
Sudden yells broke through the air, jerking Dean from the memory. He left that memory and burst into a sprint, following the sound. His feet skidded to an abrupt halt when he realized that the voices were coming from a shop along the road...another memory. What really surprised him was when he recognized one of the voices as his own.
Perhaps it was the knowledge that Dean could very soon be gone that prompted his decision. Because even if Hester approved, even if the family accepted him...Dean might decide that he wasn’t worth it. He knew his family could be overbearing, off-putting.
He spent the rest of the meal with his eyes on his food, only distantly listening to Dean chatter about how well the plans for the basement were coming along.
Castiel nodded. At least his mother wasn't deluding herself about what he was doing.
“Yeah, and I’m really hoping it evens out the score...in his mind at least.”
to make it good, keep it exciting for him until the emotions caught him like they’d caught me.
Now that the alpha, Gordon, had gone, Castiel couldn’t stop the trembling. He reached out to grab the young man’s arm and squeezed tightly.
. I’ve already told you about that whole thing.
"But I guess I can't blame you. I mean I'm a whore, right? I'm screwing everyone else, right? Can’t believe Castiel when he says he’s saving himself for you.”
When Dean first followed Sam into the royal family’s private box, he immediately felt his anxiety spike. The space was so small, and the rest of the family would be joining them soon, including a certain alpha with a delicious scent that could literally drive Dean out of his mind.
"Are you drunk?" Castiel shrugged. "Were you going to try to drive?"
“What do you want?” Jo bit out, cutting off the agent’s monologue.
Dean shook his head. “You shouldn't have to. You're an amazing guy; you should be able to be yourself without any sneaking around.”
Cas was a means to an end, and Dean would do well to remember that.
Castiel arched a brow. "So you've met another me at every other school?"
“Maybe... I guess I’ll just have to judge for myself,” Cas decided with a smirk.
"Be safe," she reminded, but Castiel was already out the door.
She watched him go, and only once he was out of view did she allow her worried expression to drop, crumple into the anger and hate she’d hidden so well throughout their conversation.
, came back soon after that, and Castiel giggled.
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” Cas, smiling sweetly, ran his fingers over a folder in his hands.
Castiel froze, staring at the old man who stood from his seat and walked towards him. He didn’t speak,
Much to his surprise, the rest of the day went fairly well. He aced a test he thought he’d failed, he listened to Charlie go on and on about Gilda, and he spent some more time with Dean. But he knew that he still needed to talk to Crowley, clear the air between them...especially after that little incident with Gordon in the hallway.
“Do they know?” Cas asked lowly.
“What?”
She shook her head. “The only reason I’m allowed the number is because I’m practically family.”
He could feel the pull, the need to stay with his beautiful conman, but it was wrong. He’d broken the law, and he needed to face the consequences for that. Otherwise, he’d be no better off than his father.
Within the hour, the team had assembled, boarded the jet, and taken flight.
Castiel drew up short. Dean was actually checking on him? Unexpected warmth flooded his chest. He smiled warmly.
“Detective, actually,” Cas corrected, his tone smug as he leaned back against the desk, his long legs crossed at the ankles, his arms folded over his chest.
His dad wouldn’t spring for a vacation, since that money had gone to Stanford as yet another generous donation after Brady got caught cheating. So he spent his break in Devon’s basement, smoking pot and playing CoD through again.
“Well,” Dean hedged, a pretty blush staining his cheeks. Castiel loved the way that blush emphasized the freckles along his nose. “I’m an omega…”
“Good, good. I’ll look forward to hearing from you then,” Victor assured him. Just as Dean was about to press the button to hang up, his voice came through again, “And Dean? This one’s big; we can’t afford any fuck ups.”
He’d asked Ana to send him back in time, before Sam had returned from hell, probably before Dean himself had ever gone to hell, maybe even before this war between heaven and hell had destroyed their family...back
Dean just glared at her. She sighed heavily. "Dean, I don't see why you're acting all snippy. I heard who you were talking to. Trust me, Castiel gets it. He pulls this shit often enough himself."
want something more out of this than a fuck? Because I'm pretty sure that if you're texting numbers on stalls for a hookup, you don't
Both Castiel and Dean glanced that way to find a beautiful girl about their age crossing the coffee shop towards them. Charlie’a wide-eyed gaze trailed her, a soft flush rising to her cheeks as the beautiful girl stopped at their table.
“The machine tried to bond us,” Dean admitted. “But I didn’t know. I didn’t realize what had happened until...” he looked to Cassie, who nodded. “And now I don’t even know what happened to him because I just ran out of there like a jackass.”
As soon as he stepped through the heavy oak door, Zachariah’s eyes lifted from the file he perused.
The cat meowed, a sad sound if ever Cas had heard one, and he scoffed softly. “You’re right. Why am I even worrying about this? He’d never want me. Plus, if Amara told him...they must be courting.”
Cas slipped back into the gallery, humming softly under his breath. He didn’t like overanalyzing these things; it inevitably led to self-sabotage on his part. He still couldn’t help but marvel at how little it took to lift his mood when it came to Dean. Lunch hadn’t been anything special, just soups and sandwiches at a little deli. Even so, his mood had lifted substantially.
Memory Dean stalked forward, and real Dean braced himself for his next words, flung from a place of hurt and stupidity. “At least I’m not playing up to some stereotype, hiding behind a face that isn’t even my own.”
He held the phone up to his ear, listening to the rustling and clinking as the cousins settled in.
But he knew that even if he did track all of them down, even if he did tell them what he now knew, they probably wouldn't believe him;
But, ever aware of his duties, he kept vigilant. By the time dessert was plated, he could say with absolute certainty that there was nothing there on either side for Sam or Ana. So he closed off that part of his mind and instead focused on finding another option to solidify their alliance.
It would be so much easier if Hannah just told the truth, just gave him that one small kindness. But of course she hadn’t told the public everything, hadn’t shared how deeply Cas had loved her then… somehow still loved her just as deeply now.
“Great,” Dean managed to choke out. “Crowds are better than ever.”
Dean couldn’t help but agree. He tightened his grip around his archangel blade, ready to jump into action against the still-yelling soldiers. His eyes skipped around, searching for the right maneuver, when he saw it.
Naomi smiled then. "You are. Now go change into a button-up or something."
“Come on, Castiel,” Meg murmured, tugging at his elbow to help him stand. “My father’s expecting us.”
finding us, it proved that even then, at the very start, I’d been a goner on Cas.
“No shit!”
Cas thought back on all those evenings with the cat, its annoyed glares and puffed fur. Now that he knew it had been a sentient being that entire time, he could easily identify the traits Dean spoke of.
, she responded.
American. He’d felt it the day before when he’d been at the funeral, that familiar tingle he experienced whenever a certain green-eyed mechanic—thief, he corrected himself—was around.
Dean looked back at the machine, disgusted. Now he understood why this needed to be hidden. Hell, his gut told him that it needed to be destroyed.
Well, wasn’t his tone condescending? Dean felt anger flare up within him. Castiel had it rough? The alpha who’d rejected
"I was tired of being someone I wasn't."
dinner—was when Castiel switched seats with another, moving him as far away from Dean as possible. He’d tried to be subtle, and most hadn’t noticed, but Dean was always watching, always planning. And now he knew: he would always be hurting too.
He found himself nodding faintly even as he pulled the picture from his glove to show her.
His heart slammed to a stop against his ribcage, and his stomach lurched as a cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He tried to contain his reaction, tried to hide the way his entire body reacted violently to the accusation. He let his eyes widen. “I don’t…”
By last hour, they were walking together to literature, muttering and complaining about Brady’s smarmy answers in anatomy.
Castiel stripped and plopped down onto his bed, staring up at the ceiling. So he had a...boyfriend now? Is that what Dean was? Or just friend?
"Dean, I don't think—" Castiel began to protest, but Dean shook his head and kept speaking.
“Tell Ana to honor her promise.”
And yeah I rambled some, but still he whispered, “
“Most people don’t. It’s always the one or the other, separate and distinct. So few people realize how much of ourselves combines both.”
Jumping up and down while squealing excitedly, Gabe dragged Cas behind him. “Oh my god, this party is going to be so much fun! Don’t you just love Halloween?”
So he just nodded at Harvelle. “I guess I’m heading back to Amsterdam.”
Castiel blushed, and smiled down at his shoes. They stopped by his locker first so that he could get the books he needed. Dean leaned against the wall next to it, the sun light from the window bathing him in a golden light. Castiel was admiring him when a hand slammed his locker door closed. Gordon Walker stood next to him, grinning evilly.
“Anna!” he exclaimed, bending to peck her on the cheek.
"I should've been there," Dean murmured, his eyes tracking Castiel's bruises, his tone filled with regret.
His words were cut off as Dean slammed their mouths together again, this time hard enough that their teeth clashed. Castiel moaned as Dean's tongue swiped into his mouth, tasting him, teasing him.
“Why?”
Hours later, once the fever had been somewhat satiated, Dean collapsed back on the bed. He sighed in contentment as Castiel curled around him, tangling their legs, and began to lap at Dean’s already-healing mark.
“Why don't you boys go set the table then get washed up for dinner?” Mary suggested to Castiel and Dean, nodding toward the stacks of plates and cups on one end of the counter. “Sam, help me wash those veggies to be cut up for the salad.”
“Cas!” Amy yelled. “I told her this was your seat, but—”
Castiel asked, pushing down the flutter in his stomach.
Cas turned to smile at him. “I said I wasn’t moving there.” He glanced at Dean. “I’d still like to bury Ana near her home.”
“What the hell is that?” Sam asked over the comm. “What’s it doing to ‘em?”
So I've finally finished the fic. Sorry if it seems rushed or anti-climactic...I'm just proud to have finally finished it! And only 2 years late!! Wow!
Castiel moaned in approval. Dean placed the tip against the rim of Castiel's ass, and then with one firm thrust, he pushed right inside that tight heat.
Dean had never really believed in that “True Mates” nonsense. There were so many other factors that went into a solid relationship, elements that were needed to maintain the connection even after that rush of “first scent” wore off. But here, staring into this gorgeous alpha’s blue blue eyes, Dean was second guessing himself.
But Dean somehow managed to smooth over those sharp edges, skip right over those gaping holes. And now, Castiel was feeling more at ease than he had any right to, especially on a first date. It was partly because of the wine glass that had magically remained full all throughout the evening, but mostly because of Dean.
“This would complement the piece you already have on display in your foyer,” Castiel suggested. “It’s by a newer artist, Michael Davis. He’s somewhat of a local phenomenon, just gaining some prominence in the East. His style is very reminiscent of Klimt’s, as you can see.”
“Whenever he’s allowed to reach out, I suppose.” She held up her phone for Dean to see the screen. “He’s even stopped texting me.”
to call me when she was still in your bed! Well you know what, Dean, you can fuck whoever you want, whenever you want. I'm done being a plaything. You're not the sun. I am."
Dean was breathing deep and slow, trying to keep his temper under control. That bastard had no problem attacking a helpless omega? In Cas’s condition?
Cas stared down at his feet, studying the brown Oxfords he’d put on that morning. Had it really been just that morning? Cas felt like he’d lived an entire lifetime since then.
“Oh…” Sam looked uncomfortable.
“So I decided to just... remain mateless. I’ve spent the last eleven years dedicating myself to my country, my family. I fight their battles so they don’t have to.”
Castiel replied.
When he responded, Cas’s voice was soft...soft but sharp. “You know, they all wonder why I stay with Hester, why I let her push me around, her docile little bitch. I can see it in Dean’s eyes, every time we spend time with the family.”
He turned back to his waiting family and began to make introductions.
Cas’s heart slammed to a stop.
“Even the PBS cartoons?” Dean cried in astonishment.
They were both fairly tossed, Castiel a little more so since he'd been taking more on his turns, when Castiel rolled over and looked at Crowley with pleading eyes.
Cas was giving him a second chance at a normal life, a way to live without all the fear and death. Dean could finally have his chance, like that djinn had shown him once upon a time. He might even be reunited with his mom and dad…
Once they were inside and seated, Dean opened a menu to peruse the options, but Cas didn't bother. He knew it by heart already.
Instead of following him, it turned and trotted toward the stairs that led up to the bedroom. So that night, when Castiel laid himself down to sleep, the cat was there, curled into a ball on the pillow beside Cas’s.
Because now Dean knew: it was home.
Just then the doorknob clicked to open, and Castiel’s face was back under its mask by the time Crowley stepped through. Benny’s phone was still in his hand, implying it had served as their interpreter.
Cas shook his head. “No, I don’t believe we were. And now that we have, the universe can’t reconcile it.”
No, he was responsible. And he was finally going to make it right. He wouldn’t run...not anymore.
And dammit, I was a goner. Cas had me right from the start as I drove him home, loving the blush that would creep up his neck even as he threw out another sarcastic jab.
Dean glanced at the schedule, then gasped. Sam’s head jerked up, only to find his brother’s face bright with excitement. “We’re going to the Circuit de Ingel!”
Castiel screamed as he climaxed over Dean's fist, his entire body freezing mid-thrust, his back arching beautifully, his eyes falling shut. His channel tightened almost painfully around Dean, but that was just what Dean needed to fall over that edge. He came with a shout of Castiel's name, spilling into the condom.
"I did drink a lot last night, but that's not the point."
Finally he let his tears slip free. If he ever did manage to escape the spell...Dean would be long-gone, back to his old life with the family and woman he’d lost there. With that thought, there didn’t seem to be much use for going back into a world that lacked his alpha.
“Winchester?” a voice called out.
“Sammy,” Dean growled in warning.
The man blushed and shrugged. “Is it impossible, though?”
Dean still stood behind Cas, his arms wrapped tightly around the omega’s frame, sheltering him from the heat. Despite the extra surge of power his presence had given, Cas was exhausted. Dean could feel him tremble beneath his hands.
Sobs began to wrack his body as he allowed his grief to flow free. Still the cat stayed in his lap.
Lucifer sighed, somehow making it sound both tired and longsuffering. “And why not? How can you possibly know that?”
Dean had resigned. He’d tracked him down. He was here, holding Cas’s wrist and smiling like he had so many times before. It was just what Cas had dreamed of a million times over in the past week. And now there were no martyred agents, no corrupt boss breathing down Dean’s neck.
a royal.”
Crowley ran a hand down his spine. "What's going through that little brain of yours?"
“You got the money?”
Castiel glanced over at Charlie, only to find her smiling smugly.
Castiel stood, ready to stride from the overcrowded room, then paused when he caught sight of Anael’s expression. He reached down to tug on a strand of his sister’s long hair.
"I get it," Charlie smiled. "Let's get started."
“You are. Not many would willingly go back into that environment, especially after just escaping it.”
“I have to go,” he suddenly stuttered out, lurching back from Dean. Spinning away, he fled the hotel room with a slam of the door, leaving Dean to stare at the pictures still fanned out across the coffee table.
They reached the altar at the front of the temple, burnt candles toppled around its base, dust and cobwebs dwelling in its crevices. Yet there were no bodies.
“You old fool,” Ana hissed. “You’ve damned yourself to defeat. You won’t be facing any mere supreme today.”
Castiel kept his smile plastered on. Hester waited, but Castiel had grown up playing this game as well. They stared each other down, masks firmly in place.
Dean smirked wickedly as he rolled his hips down over Castiel's, yanking a startled gasp from the other young man.
When he went to sit in the east drawing room, the cat followed and curled up in his lap as he read before the fire. But the usual silence of the room suddenly seemed wrong, so he began to read aloud.
Castiel shrugged. "Usually I come here on Tuesdays when Naomi and Michael go to the soup kitchen. You know, guilty pleasure food."
"Bedroom!" Castiel gasped out, his tone pleading. "Please!"
Oh, Castiel was really in trouble now.
Pain, excruciating and visceral, lanced through Dean’s mind, his heart, his very soul. It felt like someone had ripped open his consciousness and shoved a thousand knives in deep. He thrashed, trying to wake up, to get away from the pain, but a fist had closed around him, trapping him in his sleep.
“My grandmother. She lives in the city, about a twenty-minute drive. Benny could drive you over tomorrow.”
So if Cas couldn’t ignore Dean, he’d just ignore his feelings for the alpha. Easy peasy, right?
It seemed inevitable, the way Jess immediately became one of Cas’s closest friends. Hell, his
,” Winchester spoke to him again, “I’m coming back home, and you’ll still owe me the quadruple.”
His head suddenly swam, and he felt sick. He lurched away and slammed his locker shut.
"I know, boring," Castiel supplied, rolling his eyes.
Dean almost looked like he might push the subject, but Castiel’s pained posture must have convinced him otherwise. Instead he stretched out in the booth, looking for all the world like some James Dean pulled straight out of a black-and-white: confident, assured, owning the space around him as much as any one person could.
Either way, this was something new, and Cas...he couldn't help his excitement. He slowly drifted off, replaying the night through his mind again and again.
you just to get off," Dean argued.
“I didn’t have enough evidence then,” Cas countered.
“Friend,” Bobby snorted. “That’s not what we used to call it.”
“Good, cause I'm planning on sticking around for a long time,” Dean promised as he leaned in for another kiss.
“Meg…”
Even the little children who hadn’t spoken so much as a word the entire time they’d been here were drawn into the game, given the opportunity to express wordless noises and actions. But the connection went both ways, obvious by the way Castiel had broken from his own wordless funk.
“Detective Novak?” The man asked. Cas nodded once. “I’m Officer Bianchi. I’m so glad to have you in on this.”
They’d simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time...
"After what that fucker Crowley did to me..." Gordon trailed off, shaking his head angrily. "Oh, I am gonna have so much fun with this."
“I can see myself out, thank you,” Hester declared as she turned away. “I’ll see you on Saturday.”
Dean sat in front of Henriksen again, the drive on Victor’s desk between them.
“Uh, not right this moment,” Cas hedged as he scribbled the name down next to the number. “He’s in a meeting with…” He scrambled to recall the name of one of Dean’s old friends. “Gordon.”
“Believe it, Sweetheart.”
And suddenly, so many things clicked into place for Brady. That blush way back in anatomy had been accompanied by the tiniest of smiles, the giggle under the bleachers had been a little low, as had the soft voice over the phone, and there'd been the careful way Ash hadn't given any kind of name or pronoun...
“Zachariah wants to see you in his office, now!”
And then the room burst into an explosion of noise and action as agents rushed in. Two grabbed Victor, restraining him while another grabbed the chip. Other agents swarmed toward the desk and cabinets, leaving nothing untouched.
They both turned back to face the blonde woman at the table, their expressions expectant.
After Dean made his last round clearing the area, he looked to Sam. “That does it down here…”
Without another moment’s hesitation, Castiel grabbed Dean by the hand and began tugging him toward the stairs.
, Castiel texted back, humming happily as he pressed send.
Mary sighed. “But what you and Cas had was special."
Castiel sent him the thumbs up emoji, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. He was going to make this better.
The Wrap-Up
"How do you know about that?” Gordon demanded.
The next morning, Castiel actually felt optimistic about the day ahead, and he was already looking forward to his time with Dean as he strode through the front doors. He headed straight for his locker, his head held high, his back straight. He'd learned long ago to ignore the snide looks and whispers that seemed to haunt every step he took, both in school and out. He didn't stop to talk to anyone. He was sure that they wouldn't want to talk to him, and even if they did, he didn't have anything to say to them.
Ana’s eyes fluttered shut as she began chanting, and then Hannah did the same. Whatever she was chanting was not what Ana was chanting, but somehow the two chants seemed melodic, in harmony with one another. The circle began to whisper, hum, each with their eyes tightly shut.
"What Cas and I had was a one-night stand," Dean immediately countered.
Cas remembered his mission, and the practiced speech tumbled from his lips. “While I appreciate your generosity, it is unnecessary. I do not need gifts, especially those given out of pity.”
“That the new omega?”
Castiel shoved him onto the mattress and crawled over him. He put Dean's hands over his head and pressed them down.
Cas frowned. “I never use that door.”
“Who the hell are you?” Benny called.
“Ew!” Sam suddenly yelled as he walked into the dining room. “Not on the dining room table, guys!” He called out exaggeratedly.
All of them, all of those people had known what his mother was doing to Hannah. They’d known the entire time and done nothing, and now that guilt pushed them to unload as much as they could onto Cas. There was no kindness, no pity for the man who’d lost everything, absolutely
“In a way,” Cas hedged again.
“No,” Castiel gasped. “No, he can’t be.”
Donna nodded vigorously. “He’s asking for you, let’s go!”
“You don't need to help,” Castiel murmured almost under his breath.
“Anette’s the wife of a high-ranking senator. The editorial in yesterday morning’s paper said that he’s headed right to the top spot next year.”
No matter what Dean might have said, and no matter how he may have acted toward Castiel when they were alone together, he'd been the same as all the others. He had others. No, actually, he had her. It was just like Victor all over again. Castiel was just a cheap replacement for the pretty cheerleader.
Castiel nodded, his expression somber. “I know. I just...I want to keep this, just like it is, for as long as I possibly can. If she decides...” he trailed off, but Anna knew what he was going to say. She’d been there, the first time. She’d seen what had happened.
