Hushed, that is, until John turned at the sound of sprinting footsteps and saw a certain consulting detective, clad in a coat, t-shirt, and briefs, running right towards him.
A moment of silence stretched between the two broken men. There was so much space between them, now. There were years of it.
I also want to thank you guys for the amazing comments I've been getting - as someone who dreams of becoming a published author one day, I can't tell you how much they encourage me.
Then concern. There was no hiding anything. Everyone would know. The post had been up for what, ten minutes? That was more than enough time for it to be copied, pasted, and shared, across the media. There was no taking it back.
The plan was this: John would wait for Sherlock to steal his laptop (as he so often did) for research. He'd leave the blog screen open, which would practically beg a read from Sherlock. This way, John wouldn't actually need to say anything out loud. That method seemed to have its downfalls.
Sherlock gritted his teeth slightly, steeling himself for a moment of rare empathy that likely wouldn't rear its ugly head for a while after, and crossed the room to where John stood, looking so dejected and woeful. He reached forward and took his bloggers hands, both of them, giving them a tight squeeze and momentarily meeting his gaze.
It was a solid six seconds for John to finally comprehend everything that had just happened, and it took even longer for him to force some kind of sound from his throat.
"I don't 'trust you on this one'. You're so set on removing yourself from human emotion that you don't even consider how someone could feel anything for you. I know how I feel, Sherlock. Don't try to tell me that I don't."
John would say that he started questioning his sexuality a year ago, but if he were to be honest with himself, he always knew. From friendships with male classmates that he wished were something a bit more to subdued crushes on fellow soldiers, John Watson had been bisexual for as long as he could remember. But after seeing his parents' reactions to Harry's coming out, John decided that as long as he liked women in some regard, he could ignore the other half and move on.
Anyway, this chapter is a bit more fast-paced than the other ones, but I was really excited to write it, so I guess that rubbed off on the other characters.
Nothing else mattered, at the moment. Not the consistent buzzing in his pocket, or the strangers staring from across the street. For once, John actually wanted people to talk. He wanted everyone to know. He had a strange urge to shout it all from the rooftops, to spread the word in any way he could.
Sherlock turned, not even the ghost of a smirk gracing his face, he looked, for once, just present in the moment.
So apparently I'm in my semiannual writing extravaganza, and am pumping out words by the second. Hopefully I'll be able to keep this up, and you guys will get some more chapters soon.
When someone begins threatening the lives of everyone at the event, John and Sherlock must, once again, set the emotions aside and do what's right (or, at least, what's interesting).
Quick TW: This chapter continues a war flashback and a slight amount of violence. No deaths or heavy injuries, but I just thought I'd let you know.
John snapped out of his trance and dove towards the toaster, the appliance spitting out two charred pieces of would-be toast into his hands. Cringing slightly, he tossed the bread onto a napkin. John figured the birds would appreciate the food, even if it was a bit ruined.
Finishing the final sentence, John clicked "Publish" before allowing himself to think too hard about it. Shimmying on his raincoat, John looked at the title one last time.
Reopened pain wasn't pleasant, but it couldn't bury the endless months that Sherlock had spent longing for reality to shift in his favour.
Sherlock realized he should probably let go of John, so he did, taking a half step back and biting his lower lip, glancing down at the pavement between them and wrapping his arms around himself. It was less than warm out.
He stopped, turning back and taking the others hands, lacing their fingers together, his cold and willowy, John's warm the way they always seemed to be, and walking back towards the flat.
Sherlock had his mysteries to keep him happy; John had Sherlock himself. The man was a puzzle of his own, and John wanted - no,
It had cooled down since Sherlock last spent time out in the rain, and he was starting to shiver quite a lot, most of his lanky form unprotected by the soaked jacket. It had been enough time that someone must've seen, someone who cared enough to spread it around after the blog post went up. He wasn't thinking about that at the moment though.
Sherlock grimaced, kneeling down to pick up the pieces of the test vial, carefully resting them on the palm of his hand and then settling them in the bin. When he turned back, his expression was almost sad, or at least a version of sad that was manageable for him in the moment.
Glancing up from the ground, John saw his laptop sitting innocently on the table across the room. He hadn't updated his blog in quite a whi-
John grinned, pulling Sherlock closer by the waist. "It'd be my pleasure... as soon as we get you inside. Your lips are blue, Sherlock, this isn't healthy. And really? No trousers? Socks, even?" Despite his genuine concern for his flatmate's - no, boyfriend's - health, John couldn't stop smiling. He presumed that doing so would probably make Sherlock not take him very seriously, but he couldn't be made to care.
There may be two more if the writing takes me there, but if the next one will be last, I'd just like to thank you all for this year round journey of procrastination, fangirling, and growing as a writer. I love you all more than words can say.
"I'm fine. You know I am. This is just how I exist, constantly putting myself in harms way for the sake of intrigue, boredom, or further knowledge." Sherlock said firmly, as if those were facts he expected the average person to have on the back of their hand. He gave a frustrated huffy sigh, and stepped aside, letting his hands raise and then fall back to his sides. "You know what, fine. Let whatever is wrong with you progress until you can't handle it, then maybe you'll ask for help, god only knows."
John felt his cell vibrate against his leg, undoubtedly with texts from Harry, Lestrade, possibly even Mycroft. The notifications were a constant reminder of what he had done, and the irreversibility of the action.
He hopped off the couch, rushing over and hastily shoving his hand against John's forehead, staring at him with a mix of annoyance and concern. "Are you sick? You look frenzied, and you seem to be running a low fever." He noted intuitively, continuing to study his flatmate as if he were a specimen under a microscope. Sherlock looked at things based on signs and facts, not based on emotions. Emotions only got involved when they were called for, and at the moment he was simply concerned that John might be coming down with something.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, then closed it. Tilting his head to one side, he furrowed his brows. “Well…”
Sherlock took his phone off the bed stand, opening up the news, hoping for a case, a murder, a kidnapping, anything that would be a distraction.
Sherlock glanced down at his legs, quite trouser-less as pointed out. He hadn't even quite registered what was happening when he dashed for the door, the only reason he'd gotten the coat was out of habit really. Even now, his brain was a few minutes behind his body, not even feeling the cold even as his frame shivered in the London rain. He felt electric from the inside out, there was no such thing as cold.
Quick note about this chapter: I snuck a quick reference to "Murder on the Orient Express" (because I just couldn't resist), which is why there's one piece of Sherlock's dialogue a bit OOC.
He paused for another agonizing moment, the kettle whining enough that he took it off the heat and set it aside.
It wasn't that John was an inexperienced kisser, exactly. In fact, many would say he was quite the opposite. So, in theory, one may assume that he'd know what to say afterwards, instead of just standing there and gawking like an idiot.
- to solve it. Each new discovery about his flatmate intrigued him more, drawing him closer like a moth to a flame.
John exhaled slowly, and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. Spinning on his heels, he turned back around to face the empty kitchen.
Because, the thing is, John had kissed many people, but he had never kissed someone like Sherlock. He had never kissed someone he was so devoted to. He had never kissed someone who made him feel like the universe was secondary to him. He had never kissed someone who harnessed galaxies in his eyes, who stole the stars from the sky an didn't even realize.
There was so much that didn't matter now. So much empty space that could finally not feel so empty anymore.
Sherlock climbed inside the window, flicking hair from his curls. He knew he wouldn't clean up the puddle on the floor, but he'd tell John he would. Strutting into the living room, Sherlock turned and swooshed onto the sofa. “Hello, John.”
Then again, there would be no more what will people say or we don't want to give the wrong impression. Phrases that had stabbed right through the detectives somehow existent heart each time they were said.
He was excellent at keeping things contained, at least until the door was closed. He sat down on the edge of his bed, burying his face in his palms and letting the hurt of it all out for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, seconds. That was enough. He let his hands fall, dragging in a long breath and letting it out.
Upstairs, John sat with his laptop, trying to convince himself he wasn’t as annoyed as he actually was with his flatmate. Summer air suffocated his room in humidity, which didn’t exactly help his mood. He squeezed his eyes shut with each gunshot, tapping his fingers against his bed in hopes that somehow, it would calm him.
The detective then quickly brought his hands up to cup the sides of John's face, and pulled him into a hurried and altogether desperate kiss.
This is the longest work of fiction I've ever actually put online for real people to see. I've written longer works, of course, but this is the first time I've finished something and sent it out into the world.
It couldn't erase the sleepless nights hoping that John wasn't out falling in love with someone else.
The wet pavement proved to be a bit of a slick surface to run on, particularly barefoot as Sherlock had quickly realized (then promptly disregarded) he was. Somehow he managed to stumble to a halt just a few dozen inches away from John, panting for breath, trying to get his lungs to catch up with the words he wanted to say, and then his mouth to catch up with his brain. The intelligent ramblings didn't come out as planned.
The detective stood up, changing into clean clothes, just a shirt and briefs, sage colored briefs to be specific. He returned to his bed, pulling the top blanket around him in the closest semblance of a tight hug he could hope for. It was yet another tradition he had fallen upon for comfort, yet another thing he would never admit.
When an issue is stemmed from an action, stop the action and leave the issue the hell alone until it eats you from the inside out and you feel like you're about to explode. John used that methodology a lot, and he wasn't about to stop using it now.
Sherlock exhaled a pained breath, turning towards his door and walking down the hallway a few steps. "I told you. You don't love me, you love who you wish I was." He said, walking into his room and closing the door behind him.
It was strange, really; Sherlock was able to deduce John's life by glancing at him the first time they met, but he somehow couldn't realize the obvious. John attributed the lack of emotional intelligence to growing up with Mycroft as a child.
"That's not what I m-" John's apology/excuse was greeted by a slammed door, which, he assumed, was deserved.
So, chapter four. I'm sorry that I didn't get around to the actual murder as much as I would've liked to, but next chapter will be full of the crime, I promise. For now, I just needed to focus on the boys, and how to work Victor into the story.
Sherlock didn't get out much, not in the typical human sense. 90% of his interactions were through cases if not just with John, and the other 10% were at the grocers or the press. He preferred it that way, menial small talk disgusted him, and the general public seemed to have an obsession with it. That was why this blockade with John was so frustrating, normally the ex soldier just seemed to say things, now there was something in the way, and he didn't know how to get around it.
holes. The perpetrator sat (if you could call it that) sprawled across his chair, silky blue robe pooling around him. Sherlock was practically melting into the cushions; on account of the heat or of the boredom, no one would ever know.
The words were so earnest it nearly stung, Sherlock couldn't pull his gaze off the pavement, his careful work to make himself look presentable already ruined once again, rain streaking his face and soaking his clothes.
"And since when are you worried about my health, anyway? I am a doctor, Sherlock. I can take care of myself." He quickly changed the subject and backed away, busying himself by organizing unpaid bills on the table.
First of all, let me just say that the breaks between the next chapters will not be as long - family vacation and all kinds of stuff took up most of my days, but I finally got around to writing chapter 2.
He had made it a pattern to have good hygiene since he'd gotten sober, always doing things in the same order at the same time of day with only a few exceptions. Sherlock didn't think about connotations for himself, nor did he care. He washed up with a different floral or berry-ish soap simply because it was what was nice to him, not bothering with any other subtext. He stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his waist and returning to the kitchen to put on the kettle so it would be ready once he was dressed. "Gotten anything sorted out yet John?" He asked coyly, not bothering to turn around.
Sherlock sat up, his curls flopping back across his forehead. He looked displeased, and all together detached from the situation. "John. Either i'm having a stroke, or your toast is burning." He said dryly, clambering over the back of the couch and sitting pertly with one leg crossed over the other, the very picture of annoyance painted in rainwater and shadowed angles. "You're trying to be distracted. What's wrong with you?" He asked obliviously, somehow seeing everything about the room except what was staring him in the face. The detective exhaled, brushing his hair back for the tenth time. It clearly wasn't going to stay, and he clearly didn't care.
"Well, i'm gay. But everyone already assumes it, so I doubt that's a shock..." He murmured uncomfortably, shifting his gaze off to the side.
"But I suppose it's up to you to learn that for yourself; and after years of pining after you myself, it would be rather irresponsible for me to turn you down now." He stated logically. Always with the logic, never with feelings in the way, that was how he worked, how he functioned.
I'm sorry I haven't actually gotten the boys out of the flat yet, but I promise promise PROMISE they will be interacting with other people by chapter 3.
The kettle collided with one of the coiled burners with a bang, knocking on of Sherlock's vials over that was thankfully empty, but broke against the floor. He stayed paused, muscles visibly tensed as if there were a tripwire within dangerous proximity that breathing could set off. He didn't even seem to notice the hot, and luckily not boiling water that splashed across his hands, sizzling on the stove. For an uncomfortably long moment, the only sound was that of rain attacking the window from outside, and the kettle beginning to whine.
him from behind, giving him an almost-holy appearance. His black curls stood on end, and loose pyjamas draped across his body like paint on a canvas.
John couldn't of been gone for what, five minutes? Sherlock leaped up off the couch, managing to grab his trench coat but nothing else, and running down the stairs onto the rainy street below, looking quickly each way to see if John was still in sight.
"You're the one we should be worried about; I mean, look at you, you're drenched!" John flipped the subject back to Sherlock in a vain attempt to defend his secret, and shimmied his way out if the detective's grip. He didn't need Sherlock to feel the increased heart rate along with all the other signs of attraction too; even with no emotional intelligence whatsoever, the deduction wouldn't be a difficult leap.
So I know it's been about 2 months since my last upload, and I am seriously sorry about that. I don't have an excuse this time, just general scheduling and some personal stuff, but I'm back and still writing! (For anyone curious, I'm willing to keep writing this until it naturally ends - no plan of stopping anytime soon).
He slowly sat down, tilting the screen up to properly read it, his eyes quickly scanning the title of the new post, then the rest of its contents.
John jumped away from Sherlock's hand, refusing to make eye contact. "I'm fine, really, I must have just - caught a cold or something. It's fine." The last thing he needed right now was increased proximity with his flatmate, especially not physical contact.
Sherlock discovers the killer is in the same room, which means John has to make sure the police don't get there quite yet. That's the reason Sherlock tells him to do so, anyway. What other reason could there be?
"Hush. I've not been out of the flat in days, and shivering a bit just burns a few calories, calm yourself John." Sherlock said snippily, turning onto his side so that water still caught in his curls dripped onto the floor instead of the couch. The drenched shirt and briefs clung to him like a sheen, accenting every sharp angle of his form so languidly draped on the couch. "Can you make that toast outside?" He asked, somehow seeming serious with the ludicrous question. "It's giving me a headache."
"Then kiss me again and prove it." He said firmly, his definitely not an instruction, much more of a spoken hope or a request.
Sherlock heard the door close with a click. He figured John had left to get some air, possibly to just get as far away from him as possible until they could just go one pretending nothing was wrong. He waited a few more minutes before walking back out into the living room, once again in search of either a cup of tea or a shot of brandy, whichever crossed his path first. However, it was the patterned border of John's blog on the computer, somehow it taunted him. All of those retellings of their cases, the good, bad, and occasionally bitter moments.
He had hoped Sherlock was gay, and the evidence had seemed to support his theory. Mrs. Hudson, Angelo, and Mycroft had all made vague references to Sherlock's homosexuality the day after John met him, but he couldn't be sure. After all, Sherlock Holmes was not known for his predictability.
better to do, I will!” He stood up, stepped onto and over John’s armchair, and collapsed across the kitchen counter. For once, it was clear of test tubes and chemicals.
"Sure thing, let me just carry this electrical item outside in the pouring rain. Sounds like a fantastic idea, Sherlock." John retorted. He clenched his fingers on the edge of the kitchen counter, using every bit of self control he had not to stare at the cat-like form across the room.
Sherlock was just out of the shower, and not even clothed, so there was nowhere for him to run from the conversation. Adrenaline was still running through John's veins from the thought of saying it out loud. He either said it now, or he never said it at all.
Even now, he still approached the situation with logic and reason, calculating each word to direct towards a mutually ideal destination; but he would always do that. It was simply who he was, it didn't mean he didn't care.
This fic took a few months to write (mostly due to procrastination rippppp) and I've never had a more eventful few months. But every time something else in my life changed, I could come back to this fic, and to the people who read it.
"You're not normally so - hesitant. You're change in demeanor is concerning." Sherlock said bluntly, as he was apt to do.
"I wish you'd just said it to me instead... And - I'm not happy about the 'show that you're human' bit. But I do forgive you, and I want to be your boyfriend if you'll still have me."
love him? John knew Sherlock could be frustrating, and strange, and non human like, but he stayed. For better or for worse, he stayed.
Years of secrets, and hiding, and sneaking looks at each other when they thought the other wasn't looking. Years of pressure building up, years of it all crashing down.
I sighed. Sherlock was due to begin detoxing in earnest today. Mycroft had told me that he was arranging for rehab when Sherlock was well enough, but the first stages would happen here.
The boy nodded. “You’ll need your hands. There are more of them.” The Omega nodded at the doctor bleeding on the floor.
“What?” John discovered that he could not swing easily onto the deck as his taller mate had. “Sherlock...” He protested as he picked his way through the pile to a more accessible part of the derelict barge and climbed up. “What do you mean,
Shane did touch him now, comfortingly. He sat (in Sherlock's chair). "John? John, are you all right?"
Mycroft looked strange – it was distress, an expression completely unfamiliar on his face. “John was at the prison, Sherlock.” He said gently. “He helped rescue you.”
"I hate it." He whispered. "Such a bloody stereotype...falling in love with my straight friend... such an idiot..."
I started a systematic search of the flat – in drawers and cupboards, bins, under furniture. There was the slight outline of a body on the bed, as if someone had kipped on top of the duvet, someone about six feet tall. In the living room, the carpet had divots where a chair had been – it had been moved next to the couch. This is where he set up, I thought, examining the window and wall for more evidence. I doubted he would have been careless enough to leave prints, but it was possible.
The memory of what had happened with Sherlock last night hit him all at once and surfed the tsunami of lust that coursed through his body. John was aware, distantly, that he hadn’t intended to have sex with Sherlock for a number of very good reasons that seemed incredibly trivial right now. Right now, John WANTED.
“I always loathed people hovering over me in hospital.” She said. “My husband hated that I didn’t want him. He didn’t even want to be there, but he wanted ME to want him there.” She shook her head. “Sometimes it’s better to be alone.”
Sherlock hummed into their kiss, laughing when he tasted himself. “You’re amazing, John.” He said, his voice deep and sultry.
The adrenaline had given him purpose and clarity, but Sherlock was still weak. He needed Shane’s wiry strength to support him, to keep him moving forwards. He was surprised at the power in Shane’s skinny form – and he thought bitterly that this must be what John felt when they touched...
But John gritted his teeth and applied himself to the lessons, learning how to buckle a belt, put toothpaste on a toothbrush, open bottles of pills and do every other banal task one-handed with an occasional assist from the teeth. He was unfailingly polite and grimly attentive, but John never smiled.
John shook his head. “Obviously you knew it was coming. You planned for it, came up with some way to fake your own suicide.”
It took almost an hour to get to the prison. The longest hour of my life. We landed almost a klick away to avoid detection. It had been LONG time since I’d run with 20 kilograms of gear on my person and I was VERY glad I was in shape. I managed to keep up with the youngsters – it wasn’t pretty and I was sucking air, but I didn’t get left behind.
I took his dressing gown and left him to wash. I made tea and sipped it as I cooked up eggs, potatoes and mushrooms. I opened a tin of beans and heated them, sliced a tomato and even discovered a sausage in the depth of the freezer and cooked the freezer burn off it in the frying pan.
“Ok. Thanks, Alfred. I, erm, do need you to hold her – here.” John stepped towards the Omega and he flinched violently. But he controlled himself and allowed John to approach. “Maybe sit down with her until everyone is free.” John suggested, nodding at a chair.
The waiter came by and John ordered a double scotch. He avoided looking at Shane's worried expression.
I forced myself to get up and find clothes. I wanted to wear my boots. I didn’t want to go to my death barefoot.
“You’ll want this.” He said, hefting his own. He opened the door and cold rain gusted into the hall. I pulled my hood up and fastened it under my chin. We started out.
Sherlock picked up a glass of the juice. “Can you hold it? No, not yet. Here.” Sherlock helped John sit more upright and then held the glass to his lips. “Drink it all.” He said, wishing they had a straw. He was making a hash of feeding John the juice, tilting it too far or not enough, spilling it down his chin. But John didn’t complain.
He’d summoned me previously via public phone via cash machine and once via text. The last time I saw him, he simply sent his car to fetch me. This time he called. On my phone.
In between, Lestrade and his squad were issued firearms and sent out. It was surreal and terrifying — singly, and in small groups, the infected were manageable. They were muzzled and straightjacketed and bundled into police wagons bound for hospital…
I captured his face in my hands and kissed him – kissing him was such a pleasure! Being allowed to kiss John was so amazing...
Sherlock didn't dare case the house itself – he didn't even want to walk down that block. Instead, he cased the neighborhood, familiarizing himself with the adjacent streets, finding buildings that would give him a view of the old mansion.
I sighed. Twelve step meetings were dreadful. "I just want to go home." I moaned. "I've had to travel a lot recently, and..." I shook my head. "...now this. It feels like I'll never get there." I paused. "At the same time, I've been away so long... I don't know if I CAN go home."
“Immersing them in water washes away trace evidence rather thoroughly.” Sherlock remarked. “He was wrapped in the plastic sheeting on which he’s laying – there was some in the skip as well.” Sherlock examined the young Omega’s fingernails, opened his mouth and then peered into his half-open eyes. “There’s the same chafing on his throat and here, under his arm, consistent with the first victim.”
John had opted for a prosthesis that looked nothing like a hand. He had studied the cosmetic hands and the 'realistic' pincer hands, he'd browsed through the high-tech articulated hands that Shane had researched, and he had chosen the simple body powered metal hook and pincer.
I hobbled back to my own room, stretching out my sore muscles and walked through a hot shower. It didn't do much for my headache but I shaved and dressed anyway. I was buttoning my shirt when there was a knock on my bedroom door.
His brother had always had the ability to surprise him, but this was so unexpected Mycroft stopped and played that part of the video back. Twice.
John picked them up. "Yeah." He said feeling interest pricking his brain almost painfully. "I will." He opened the first folder. It was Tamara Krazinsky's. John started reading.
“Mm.” Sherlock replied weakly, pressing his knee against Shane's leg to calm him (he'd watched Moran bleed out, the sight of the blade would be causing a storm of emotions). “It’s easy to inject, innit... not so easy to kill with a knife. You can’t walk away whilst your victim just ...falls asleep ...and dies. You’re there, slashing and stabbing, feeling the flesh under your blade. Hitting bone. There’s blood everywhere, spurting, pooling. All over you. So much blood. It’s harder than you can imagine.”
I continued to run my fingers across his brow and into his damp curls, marveling at how good it felt to know he was mine.
Sherlock poured John more wine as John filled their plates. On a whim, Sherlock poured himself some wine. John raised his eyebrows at that, but said nothing.
Still, when John emerged, rubbing sanitizer on his hands, Sherlock’s relief was palpable. John smiled at him and Sherlock knew that John had felt it too, the strain of the separation, as minor as it had been.
“Do you think this is why Moriarty wanted you?” John asked. “To breed your intelligence into his super babies?” If he didn’t know how ill the whole thing made Sherlock feel, he’d think he was as uncaring as Mycroft appeared.
They were panting, kissing and pawing at each other, all restraint gone. Lestrade tugged at Mycroft’s tie, undoing the perfect Windsor knot. He pulled the strip of silk free, tossing it aside — it would have made a fine binding for wrists in other circumstances. He opened the top button of the high-collared shirt and buried his face against the triangle of flesh. Mycroft moaned, luxuriating in the attention.
“Then you told me how you felt – I’d always found you attractive, but you warned me off that first night. You made me believe you were asexual. And, honestly, I didn’t really know what to do with my attraction to you – I’ve never felt this way about another man – so it was... convenient ... to deny it – to myself as much as anyone else.
“I’m not a writer.” John said. “I had a blog for a while that was relatively popular. What do you write?”
Sherlock sat on a chair looking placid. Victor was next to him... he leaned in, taking Sherlock's face in his hands, and kissing him deeply. Sherlock made a small, hungry noise and pulled Victor in closer...
Sherlock absolutely glowed. How long had it been since John had smiled at him? He couldn't remember. He stepped forward, catching hold of Sherlock before he could stand aside, and looked up into his strange and beautiful face.
I wondered what the rest of the flat looked like, denuded of my presence. It made me feel glum... feel like John had stuffed me up here and forgotten about me...
“Good.” John texted the address to the policeman. “It’s just a couple blocks from here. We walked by a few minutes ago. Lots of CCTV.”
Anything he played now would tell John exactly what he was feeling. Did he want John to know? Did he care?
"But how? HOW!?" I demanded. "I have to get rid of it! Otherwise how do I go home? How do I go back?"
“I wouldn’t.” I said. “You know I wouldn’t.” I kissed him again to shut him up, to quell all his doubts. Kissed him until he was hard in his trousers and grasping at my arms to hold him more tightly. I cupped the swell, it was hot against my palm and so, so familiar. He moaned into our kiss, a sound of pure desire, and I felt my own cock rising in response. Pressing him against the wood behind him, touching him this way, kissing him… THIS was more like how we’d been before. He was enjoying it too – no trembling, no panic… maybe I simply had to approach him more carefully…
“With help.” Sherlock said, glancing at Lestrade. John ran his thumb over Sherlock’s bond bite, soothing them both.
“Harry’s my little sister, not my brother.” John said, the familiar ache in his heart when he thought of her forming.
Vinokourov stared at me for some other reason. After the first round of rapes, I’d been beaten and tortured – Vino had questions he wanted me to answer. I had deleted the suffering I’d endured, remembering only the cold facts. I had told him everything of course, but I’d held out, I made him work for it. Then I wove wild stories of hidden adversaries, men bent on vengeance, of the inevitable downfall of his empire in amongst the truth. I’d talked enough that he didn’t know what was real and what was fiction.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?! You’re supposed to be tracking down Moriarty’s people, dismantling his networks.”
Sherlock reached back and clutched John’s hip, trying to pull him closer. He arched his back and John pushed his piece down, into Sherlock’s crack, skimming against his puckered hole. John pushed Sherlock into his stomach so he could spread his legs, allow John greater access. He climbed on top and rubbed his cock across Sherlock’s hole and perineum, bumping against his balls.
"I brought some case files." Lestrade told him, proffering a sheaf of folders. "Just a couple that I thought you could help us put to bed."
Molly flung herself into his arms and hugged him fiercely. “I thought... I thought... I didn’t think I’d see them again...” she hiccuped, tears on her face.
“Oh, no. Cam’s straight. And he says it’s a good thing because they’re too competitive to make a good couple. Seb says it would be like – and I quote – having a zig with me one and t’other.”
John could see at least ten from where he stood in the stairwell. He crouched down behind some equipment and crept into the large room. A man – a Beta in a white doctor’s coat – was standing over one of the Omegas. John couldn’t see if the subject was male or female, but he heard muffled sounds of protest as the Beta help up a large hypodermic.
"...and then vetted by John, his contact at the 'Alphas Teaching Alphas' organisation, Sholto, and myself..."
Bill punched John’s arm. “Seriously, lighten up John. You’re gritting your corns so ‘ard it ‘urts me.”
Sherlock noted, in that part of his brain that noticed everything, how John tried to keep his stump – still bright pink with fresh scarring – out of Sherlock's primary range of vision, resting his elbow on the back of the sofa next to Sherlock's ear, or holding his left arm down and slightly behind his body. Sherlock wanted to take hold of John's left arm, caress it, bring it to his lips for kisses down its length... but he didn't dare. Once again Sherlock wished he had not run from this, wished he had embraced his feelings for John from the start, embraced the deepening relationship. If he had – and if John had lost a hand – he would have long familiarity with John's body, with the pleasure they could give each other. He could reassure John with kisses to his stump. Instead their relationship was a precarious thing that either one of them could ruin with a wrong move.
John quickly detached her IV and began unbuckling her restraints. “Molly? Molly, can you look at me?” She’d been drugged and although semi-conscious, her eyes were unfocussed.
Mycroft. For years Sherlock had vowed that as soon as was free of his guardianship, he'd cut himself off from his family completely. But reality was nothing like what he'd imagined. Sherlock needed hi brother if they were going to take down Moriarty. And Mycroft seemed changed... humbled... by Moriarty and the riot...  But could Sherlock trust him? They had always been simpatico, their intelligence so similar... it had been comforting growing up to know that Mycroft
I was out by the road, where the avenue of trees began. I started the walk back to Wallog along the perimeter of the hedge maze. It was a longer walk than I had hoped – especially with a limp.
“Mm.” Sholto busied himself pouring tea into mugs. John splashed a bit of water into his and sat back in his chair.
No, they couldn’t. As an Omega, Sherlock had almost no legal standing of his own – unbonded Omegas were wards of their closest Alpha blood relative. Mummy had been his legal guardian until he turned 18 and then she transferred guardianship to Mycroft. Reaching the age of majority meant nothing more than having his brother signing his legal documents and holding his trust fund hostage instead of his mother.
I sighed. “This is all so different... it’s strange to feel this way about my best friend. Strange and wonderful.” I leaned back into his arms and pulled his face to mine. The kiss was slow, languid. I felt Sherlock’s long fingers caressing my cheek, my hair, my thigh.
I shoved him back. "You stink of cigarettes!" I spat. I ran – best I could with the bloody cane – to my room.
John wasn’t angry with me after all. I began to let go of my frustration (and my fear), focusing instead on his mouth against mine, his lips and tongue... the way his capable hands caressed my skin... the heat of his genitals pressed against my belly. My anxiety had made me soft, but I felt desire reawakening in my blood. I rubbed against him and John moaned into my mouth – a sound both needy and wanton and suddenly I was full hard again.
Sherlock ran his hand down the pelt to Moran's knee and poked it. "Boring." He said – he didn't want to talk about John with this monster. "You were being so delightfully interesting before." Sherlock yawned again. "It's late. We should sleep."
**John's consciousness swam up to the surface, to the barrier between sleep and wakefulness. He wanted to dive back down into oblivion. But reaching the surface prevented it.**
He approached the bed and John sat up with interest. He watched as Shane opened a drawer and picked up a condom and a bottle of lubricant – he tossed both on the bed next to John. Shane pushed John back and climbed on top of him, pressing John's arms over his head and kissing him. "Oh god, I've missed this." Shane murmured. Their sex life had been robust before John's abduction, not even Sherlock's return had diminished the frequency or ardor.
The address Lestrade had given took us to a high rise in the same neighborhood as Luther Jones'. But this building was older and more modest – a step or two above a tower block. We were taken to the thirty-fifth floor where Lestrade met us in the corridor. John started donning the protective kit right away.
John was slamming his body against Sherlock's now, their skin smacking together. He held the back of the jockstrap in his fist, pulling it tight, holding it like the reins of a horse, riding Sherlock hard. Sherlock was gripping the back of the sofa, bracing himself, pushing himself back to meet John's hips with each thrust. Then Sherlock's arse contracted, tightening around John's cock and he shuddered with his whole body. He was cumming, spurting into the sweaty jockstrap.
Nazer lay pressed against me, snoring. I automatically catalogued and dismissed the various aches in my body. They didn’t matter any more. Tonight was my execution.
Still, he had to stop himself from getting up and making sure Sherlock was safe on the other side of the door. They had to learn to give each other privacy.
Sherlock put the carton of noodles he was opening down and stepped close to John. Close enough that their foreheads almost touched, John could feel the tickle of Sherlock’s dark curls. Sherlock’s big hand covered John’s cheek and his lips pressed against John’s. John felt inhibited, kissing in front of Shane, but he let Sherlock kiss his mouth and his jaw and his neck… then pushed him away, stealing a guilty glance at Shane.
Things got hot quickly and John pressed Shane to the back of the couch, enjoying the feel of his stringy muscle shifting beneath him. He liked Shane's mouth against his skin, his teeth digging into his flesh, hurting him a little, pushing the border between pleasure and pain.
When he’d wrapped his arms around the Alpha’s waist and buried his face in his wooly jumper as he tried frantically to pull him to the top of the wall, Sherlock had again experienced the Alpha’s scent. He smelled of fresh air and growing plants, cut grass and bark on a summer’s day.
Sherlock scowled at the thought of John's relentlessly positive occupational therapist, Phil. While he understood the logic behind focusing on the things John COULD do rather than on what he couldn't, it rankled to see John treated like a kindergartner getting a gold star. Sherlock couldn't understand why John hadn't punched the nob yet.
Moran took a deep breath, obviously enjoying the attention. Then he grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders and kissed him – it was long and deep and a bit messy. The longer it went on, the more Shane was convinced that Sherlock was faking it. Could Moran tell? He worried for Sherlock, what a bloody awful position to be in. When Moran finally pulled away, Sherlock nipped his cheek. Moran gasped – Shane couldn’t tell if it was from surprise or pleasure.
Mycroft lay back and Lestrade followed him, planting hot kisses on his mouth and jaw, worrying an erect nipple. Lestrade found the lube again and slicked his cock liberally. He lifted Mycroft’s legs, kissing along his knees and lined himself up. He sought Mycroft’s eyes. “OK?” he asked. Mycroft nodded and Lestrade pushed in.
“Oh yes! After I looked at the collection. Marcas had told me to ‘find the angel and have a seat.’ It took a while – The Angel of The City is a sculpture on the canal side of the building, opposite where I entered. There are benches built into the wall right next to it, I searched them for the note – underneath, in the crevices – but didn’t find it... I sat down on one and looked around – I was worried that someone else had found it and thrown it away. But then I saw it, cleverly hidden within the sculpture itself, the same colours and flush with the metal. Almost impossible to see until it fluttered in the breeze, just a little.”
Their false Alpha scents would last eight hours at the outside. He’d say six to be safe. How long had it been since they’d doused themselves? Did he still have his phone? He doubted it, but he had to check. He rolled carefully onto his back, gasping at the pain...
John laughed. I felt it in his chest, emanating out until his entire body shook with his adorable giggle. “You kissed my nose.” He said.
Detective Constable Lestrade texted Sherlock the day he and John were moving into the Baker Street flat.
There was also a bench down the street, Speedy’s, and a number of sets of stairs down to the garden levels of neighboring apartments.
John smiled – he hadn't known Angus long, but the nurse knew his situation and an outside ear might be helpful. "Just with Sherlock – but fighting with Sherlock is normal."
"Doctor!" He interrupted her. "Doctor Watson. And I'm not a doctor of philosophy or dentistry. I'm a medical doctor. A surgeon. I know what I'm talking about. So leave me alone!"
"If you delete it, you better delete ME at the same time." John stated baldly. "Your regret is what redeems you."
“Lady Anwen Llewellyn, the Countess of Kilvey, contacted me.” Sherlock began. “Her father, who recently remarried, died in a hiking ‘accident’ – the coroner ruled misadventure.” Sherlock gave me the look that meant he thought the coroner was an idiot. “She accepted that verdict until her father’s will was read. It’s not the will he showed her after his marriage – she’s the heir to the family pile, but Lord Llewellyn – Sir Afan Llewellyn, the Earl of Kilvey – was personally wealthy from textile manufacturing. She believes his will was changed or substituted without his knowledge. And now she’s questioning whether his death was an accident.”
“Let John take care of you.” Mycroft said, trying not to sound like he was pleading. “I saw how you looked at him – you were happy to see him.”
I tried hooking up a few weeks ago. I feel so desperate for sex, for physical release... I found myself closing my eyes and imagining it was John touching me. But I knew it wasn’t him. He didn’t SMELL like John. I didn't want the anon hands pulling at my clothes, grabbing at my prick.
John bobbed, taking him to the root over and over. He rolled the Omega’s vestigial testicles in his hand and pressed his knuckles into Sherlock’s perineum as he sucked. He felt the slick lubrication seeping from his entrance and thought momentarily of trying to stimulate his Omega’s pearl manually. But it was difficult to reach with his fingers and John could tell that Sherlock was not going to last.
I was leaving rehab today. I put on a suit - the first time I'd worn anything but pyjamas since I'd left hospital. It felt both strange and refreshing.
"Oh, Sherlock!" John hugged me to his chest and kissed my forehead over and over. He held me for long moments, breathing raggedly into my hair.
Moran walked to the center of the room – Sherlock stayed near the door. “There’s nowhere to hide.” Moran announced. “I built this room, I know every nook and closet.”
“Stop it! If I’m with you, I can keep you healthy. Stitch up your wounds. I can shoot the bloody thug BEFORE he cuts you up!” I looked at his too-thin frame. “I’m worried about you, Sherlock. About your... state of mind...”
"John." Bob said. "This is pretty much what we're talking about – you're trying to shut Sherlock out."
"Erm... two men tried to stick up a pub - I was there with my cousin. John subdued one of the men. Moran helped my cousin with the other bloke. I remember the green coat. It was so... unusual."
I was alone on the Cliffside Trail in the pouring rain. Sherlock was in danger. If I didn't get to him in time...
We met outside. It was cool and breezy – enough that I questioned if Sherlock should even be outdoors. He was still painfully thin and detoxing had taken a toll, he looked pale and ill wrapped in a snow white parka, a black wool beanie covering his stubbly head.
"I doubt Mr. Jones will be bothered." Lestrade said dryly. "Out!" Anderson stared daggers at Sherlock as he left the room.
“You’re ok. Don’t worry, love, you’ll be ok.” It was John. John was HERE. He was raising my bed into a sitting position, one hand on the controls, the other on my shoulder.
John and I caught a cab home. We were silent, each with our own thoughts. I was going over what I wanted to say, how I would convince John to stay until Moriarty was neutralized.
They nodded. All of them, pulling their legs into their chests or wrapping their arms around themselves.
“We’re setting a trap for Moran.” Sherlock told me. “We’re going to draw him out and capture him. You brought your gun?”
“I haven’t done this before.” Sherlock said softly. “Slept with someone. Tell me if I do something wrong.” He couldn’t parse the look on John’s face, but John pulled him close and kissed him, and  Sherlock felt reassured.
John had been seeing Shane for four months now. They were still in the 'honeymoon' phase where they shagged all the time and smiled at each other a lot. John didn't know how long it would last, but he was enjoying the relationship a lot. Nothing would ever rival the thrill of living and working with Sherlock, but NOT being kidnapped and threatened with death for a while was seriously OK with John. He was ready for a quieter life.
Sherlock wiped the cum off his stomach with a corner of a blanket, his Omega cock softly nestled in the black curls at his groin. “You’re gorgeous.” John told him.
The fact that Lestrade did not trigger John’s threat instincts, should have told the Alpha everything. Seriously, it was amazing what people failed to observe when it was
Victor got another glass and poured a couple fingers. “I hope you don’t mind it neat.” He said, handing me the glass.
Moran himself strode into view. He looked a bit disheveled, his hair mussed and his shirt hastily tucked. He wasn’t wearing his jacket and when he turned, the handgun John had told him about protruded from his waistband. He was a commanding figure, tall and muscular, with a cruel look in his eye.
I would be patient and stoic and remember that this wasn’t about ME. I would respect his need to be alone right now. I would trust him.
They followed Dr. Mahon into the post-mortem examination theatre where the next patient – patient? Body? Corpse? Subject? – lay and watched as she began her preliminary examination, talking as she went. She threw out questions to the students and John’s heart sank at how few he could answer. He’d missed almost a month and the morgue rotation would be finished soon. John would have to retake it.
John emerged leaning on his cane. He was carrying his coat – he hadn't paused to put it on – and he glowed from the effort of hurrying. His maroon jumper clung to his lean form, the muscles of his cane arm bulging. Desire ignited within me and I felt a little breathless. I wanted to run my hand down his chest, feel the iron under the soft wool.
I heaved myself up and trudged to the office. We weren't allowed to have mobiles and though it would have been easy enough to smuggle one in, I had dutifully handed mine over. I knew from experience that if I wanted to stay clean, I needed to follow most of the stupid rules here as a matter of principle. (Last time I had regularly broken the rule against engaging in sex with the other addicts and staff, one had to draw the line somewhere.)
Slowly John felt the tension ease from his body, cell by cell, leaving him aching and weak. Shane massaged his shoulders and neck, his fingers walking up over his scalp and jaw, working energy back into his muscles. John let Shane push him onto his back and luxuriated in the attention.
Comments are welcome! A little feedback keeps me from feeling like I'm just throwing words into a void.
“Wouldn’t going to an STD clinic for testing be a giveaway? To Moriarty’s people?” I asked. I was still angry, I realised, needling him when all I wanted was to agree.
"Mm." Sherlock remembered the disastrous first meeting with the prosthetist – it had pushed an already depressed John over the edge into utter despair.
“She’s checking you out, mate.” He said, tilting his head towards a pretty redhead who smiled when I looked over. “What?”
That fucking flu! It had kept us apart too long. I didn't know why Sherlock had changed his mind, and I doubted he would tell me.
According to the book, Wolves don’t expect to be attacked – they only know how to go after fleeing prey. The wolfhunter never ran from the pack – he, and his wolfhounds, attacked them. That confused the wolves, foiled their instinctual tactics. It allowed to wolfhunter to prevail. That resonated in my young mind.
Virginia and Sherlock had taken turns describing the first time they scented their mate. Virginia had met Tamsin Mahon at a dinner party. “She smelled like cloves. Cloves pressed into an orange and hung in the closet among the winter wool… I smelled her, and I just knew she would never hurt me. I knew she wouldn’t lie to me or treat me like a possession. I knew I wanted her to be my mate.”
“Thirteen.” Victor looked devastated. “He didn’t act thirteen. He didn’t LOOK thirteen. He insisted we keep our relationship secret – told me his parents didn’t know he was gay. Like he bloody cared what they thought. I should have known. I was the adult.”
"This is a great location - right in central London!" The woman exclaimed as they began to climb the stairs. "I'm way out in the suburbs. How did you find this place?"
Moran was momentarily at a loss, then he knelt and opened a drawer and pulled out a sugar bowl. It contained ancient sugar cubes. Sherlock pried three from the mass and dropped them in his tea. They didn’t dissolve immediately.
"Yeah. Yes. I'd sent him away, told him not to contact me... then this happened." John lifted his left arm slightly. "Sherlock saved me from the... the man that did this. And Shane saved Sherlock... everything got more and more complicated..." John sighed, then tried to shake it off. "What about you, Angus? You had a partner?"
How had he gotten here? John looked around... it was dim... he lay on a hard floor... he smelled chlorine...
She nodded. “I’m going to examine your feet.” She set her sheaf of papers aside and without ceremony yanked the blankets off John’s lower legs and folded it up over his knees. There was ugly red bruising on his calves and ankles all around the rope burns. John’s feet were still pale and mottled but when she touched them, he wiggled his toes. “Good.” She said. “How does this feel?” She ran a finger up the sole of one foot.
I smiled a little nervously and lifted my waistband out to avoid my erection. I shucked off my pants. My prick stuck out rudely, the thick ring protruded from my urethra and disappeared under the corona of the glans... any other lover would be enthusiastic, aroused, by my piercing. I waited for John's judgement.
Two days later, Mary texted a selfie of her black eye. -first rule of fight club- the text read, -do not talk about fight club-
This must be death. Or the long moment of the body dying when the brain hallucinates. Would John take me towards a bright light? I laughed a little hysterically. I hadn’t felt the blow... I’d expected to feel the machete...
“I thought you knew — that you deduced it years ago. I figured if you were interested, you’d make a move. You never did.”
Sherlock's phone buzzed – he had a text. He fumbled the phone out of his pocket, but it wasn't from John. Dusette had a plan to break into Moran's home.
John had pushed a stray curl off Sherlock's forehead and kissed his brow. "The flat's too quiet without you." He said.
Once again, John calmed himself through sheer force of will, counting out his breaths, three in through his nose, four out through his mouth. Three in through his nose…
“No, no. Not necessary. Thanks.” The Alpha turned away with a self-satisfied look that John wanted to beat off his face.
John considered. He almost felt warm and that made him feel very tired. And he felt flat, like nothing mattered very much. "No." He replied. "Tell me when I wake up." He'd slept again until the specialist arrived. He spoke in concerned tones that conveyed the gravity of John's situation. Soon after they put him in the bladder machine.
“Moriarty’s dead. Mycroft didn’t tell you? We found him on the roof after Sherlock... well...” Lestrade took a slug of his whisky. “We found Moriarty’s body. Single gunshot to the head.”
Sherlock gave him a strange look. "That would be helpful, John. Just... be careful. You are in a vulnerable position – if someone here has a guilty conscience, they might strike out."
Well, he could if he hadn’t just agreed to bond with a man he’d just met. Bonding was serious. Bonding was for life.
"I'm going to get you more paracetamol and maybe some soup. I won't be gone long. Is there anything you want me to bring you?"
Sherlock found Nurse Church in critical care. "I need to borrow a lab." He said, the test tubes of Simon Fraser's blood clinking in the pocket of his borrow lab coat.
“Good point.” (I HADN’T wanted to go out with Moran – it had been an attempt to deliver him into the hands of the police.) “Maybe that’s why – thinking about Sherlock is too hard. I like that Seb’s different. He’s former military, like me, I thought we could have something in common. And he’s... charming.” I shook my head. “I fucked that up massively... I should have known – I did know! I just thought... it’s been years, yeah. It’s time to get on with it.” I grimaced. “I want to get on with it.” I sighed and squeezed Mary’s hand. “I’ll start making calls in the morning, reach out to some old friends in the army, see what I can find out. Seb has to be somewhere.”
“We’ve identified the two men that you, well... “ Mycroft’s smile was cold. “The one with the machete was Vinokourov, leader of the terrorists and the man who sentenced Sherlock to death – he apparently wished to carry out the execution himself. The other was one of Sherlock’s chief torturers, a man named Nazer Nabiyev. Both were wanted by the British government in relation to the 7/7 bombings in London.” He let that sink in – I’d been in Afghanistan in 2005 and hadn’t experienced the terrorist bombings that morning first hand. But Harry had been in the Underground, on the Circle Line, when it was attacked by the suicide bombers. I remembered the cold dread in my stomach when I’d heard... remembered how long it had taken me to get her on the phone, to know she was ok...
“Why? Why can’t Mycroft’s people – or the police for that matter – just grab him when he comes back?”
“She’d left a blood trail into the drain, but it was drips. She wasn’t losing a lot of blood. The wound might not even be fatal if she could keep it from becoming infected. It wouldn’t rob her of much of her speed and strength, and the adrenalin would more than make up for it. If she found me in the drain, she’d make short work of me before I could bring my gun to bear. I could hear her up ahead, growling and tearing at the foliage as she ran, but I couldn’t see anything. It was black as pitch.
He still expected Sherlock to propose again, to want to insinuate himself into every corner of John's life, to consume him... having Shane would prevent that. No matter what Sherlock did, John would have Shane.
“Is that what you want!?” I shouted. “For ME to be the bad guy? For me to break it off!? That be more convenient for you, John, than admitting you made a mistake!? That you’d rather follow around after any – every! – halfway fit tart with your tongue hanging out than be with me?! Want me to call Mariah for you!? Let her know you’re available!?”
John shook his head, smiling, though he wasn't at all amused by the thought of Sherlock and Angus together. In fact he found it disturbing – not because Angus was a bad guy or poor boyfriend material or anything like that. The thought of Sherlock with anyone seemed wrong.
"Of course." Sherlock looked at the folders. "Your friend, Peter, did he rerun my tests? Are his findings in here as well?"
But a big, spidery hand landed on Shane's shoulder before John could bite his head off. "I've ordered from Jeland's." Sherlock said. "Why don't you go down to the lobby and get it."
I met Anwen in the servant's hall, shushing her before she could speak. I held out my phone and showed her the live video feed, muted, of Victor and Gereth snogging and petting on the guest room bed.
“I don’t know. The marriage was kept quiet for the most part – small, private ceremony, no announcement. I couldn’t find any mention online, which is unusual. But Sir Afan, though still young, had mostly retired from public life – Lady Anwen was taking over his duties. I’m not sure many people even knew he had remarried. Lady Anwen called her ‘Vic,’ so ‘Lady Victoria’ would be most likely.”
I am so very sorry to have caused you pain. My greatest wish is to see you happy. If you are happy I will be content.
As days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months, my jubilation at finding him alive faded. Despite myself, I wondered again if I’d imagined the reunion with Sherlock. Depression overtook me once more. Food and drink held no interest for me. Spending time with mates was a chore. Christmas was especially difficult – all the decorations and carols, all the excitement and good cheer. Instead of exchanging gifts with the man I loved, I avoided people I knew and went to the cinema alone.
The offer stands. The GALL of the man. He was an utter cock! Waltzing back into John's life like he'd never left, never discarded John and their life together like so much refuse. And then! Thinking he could PROPOSE!
And again, the Alpha had set aside (visibly) the instinct to claim and breed Sherlock and helped him up onto the fire escape.
“I don’t mean nothing by it, English.” The smuggler laughed without a hint of apology. “In prison, everyone’s a faggot. Everyone has to suck someone’s dick, you know.”
I almost scoffed – the least he could do was what he usually did: nothing. But I caught myself. Another bite of Sherlock's frittata covering my smirk. He noticed – Sherlock always noticed – but I smiled apologetically and he smiled back.
I set aside the fear and panic – as I had so many times in Afghanistan (and since). “So, what’s the plan!? How are we getting him out of there!?”
“Do it. Do whatever you want to me.” Sherlock said, his face smashed against the door. “But don’t stop.”
Shane HATED hospital. He hated the smell, he hated the fluorescent lights, he hated the nurses and their cheerful smiles. Thinking about hospital made him itch all over. Being rich meant never having to go to the hospital – he could have doctors come to him.
The medicine he did bring took the edge off my suffering – enough that I felt like sitting up and eating the chicken soup John had brought for me as well. I turned on the telly and flipped through channels. 'Die Hard' was on Cinema Classics, John loved that film. I finished my soup and tea and lay back down listening to Alan Rickman's baritone... I used to be able to do a pretty good Hans Gruber impression...
John's eyes snapped open in surprise, their glaze of pleasure sharpening into focus. Sherlock nodded in affirmation. He licked his lips and saw John's eyes flick there, mesmerized.
We held each other on Mycroft’s big, leather couch. John kissed my tears away. I didn’t tell him where I was going and he didn’t ask, we talked instead of when we’d be together again.
“You shouldn’t take it so hard, Johnny boy. Your sister wasn’t under your care when it happened. At least not officially. Not like Sherlock here.” Moriarty caressed the Omega’s cheek.
Finally he collapsed on Sherlock’s chest – slick and sticky with sweat and cum. Sherlock pulled him up into a kiss and John let him take control, push John onto his back and roll on top of him, kissing and kissing and kissing like it might be the last kiss he’d ever get.
I moaned again, my cock throbbing - we'd never tried this position. I moved up his body, settling my knees in front of his shoulders, his arms between my calves and thighs. John stroked my arse lovingly as I positioned the head of my penis at his lips. He tilted his head forward and took the head into his mouth, groaning with want. He sucked and his talented tongue lavished attention on my cockhead, lapping up the liquid desire seeping from it.
Soon enough though the Omega whined unhappily, thrusting himself back onto John’s cock with increasing desperation. “I need…” He gasped. “I need…” Sherlock searched for the words.
“No, he didn’t tell me and no, it makes no difference to me. Sherlock’s money is Sherlock’s to do with what he wants. I know the law says that I’m his guardian now, but that law is… it’s… it’s insulting! To both of us! Whatever is due to Sherlock, have your lawyers write up something that gives him sole control of it. I’ll sign it.”
Then Sherlock died and it was worse. Now there was NO chance that they could be together. John was riddled with regrets – they’d never talked about that kiss, they’d both just acted like it had never happened. But Sherlock had said “I can’t be distracted RIGHT NOW.” John wished he had asked what was so important then – he'd simply assumed it was Moriarty. Maybe if he'd asked he would have seen Sherlock’s depression, seen the suicide coming somehow. Helped him.
"Yes." Sherlock squinted at the corpse. "Do you think you could approximate the angle of penetration?" He asked me.
“It’s too suspicious, John, you being up here this long.” He slid off the bed, wary of what sort of silhouette he might cast on the shade. “We can’t afford to arouse their suspicions now!”
He hadn't expected Sherlock's response to be 'yes.' John had expected Sherlock to give him an ultimatum – him or me. How Sherlock posed the ultimatum would have determined John's response. He couldn't imagine an ultimatum he would have reacted positively to, but Sherlock had surprised him before.
Lestrade didn’t bother to smile as he kissed him, but his eyes danced with laughter. He was enjoying this!
“I’m supposed to just ignore it, then?” I said. "Just pretend you aren’t panting and drooling over a pair of big tits!? Pretend everything is fine?!”
Mary looked shattered and I knew she believed me. “That won’t save you.” She said dully. “You’re still going to watch your friends die.”
The first thing I felt when Sherlock said he loved me, that he wanted me, was immensely, incredibly flattered.
“I thought that if I got access to this trove, I could use it to completely dismantle the organization quickly – I thought it would just be another month, two at the most, and I could turn over all the evidence and come home.
After a while, he convinced himself he felt calmer and Googled 'S. Bruno.' There were only two in London – one was a woman, Sarah, the other Shane. Shane Bruno was a writer. Successful, which explained the nice digs. He wrote the sorts of mystery stories that were sold in airports and drugstores. Sherlock felt disappointed in John. If he had to replace Sherlock, couldn't he do better than a dime-store novelist?
I was exhausted by then. I stripped off and climbed in behind Sherlock, relocating the hot water bottle to between his knees.
“It’s taken a while to forgive him for leaving like that. Letting me – letting us all – think him dead. Letting us mourn.”
"Perhaps it will. If Sherlock walks away, that's a resolution. If he asks that you leave Shane for him, you can see how that feels and deal with it then. If he agrees and you see both of them, you could find yourself wanting to be with one more than the other. Or it could work well and that's your resolution. You won't know unless you try."
“Just a little adjustment to scent suppressants.” Sherlock said – mostly to John. “We’ll be Alphas for the next six to eight hours." The tall Omega frowned in confusion. "You don’t like it.” He observed.
I was always smaller than the other boys, smaller and red-headed, ripe for bullying. I learned to fight early, learned to show the bigger boys that they couldn’t scare me, couldn’t take advantage of me. I took a few beatings, but I was quick. Small and quick, I would get under their guard and knock them down before they even got a blow in. Then I’d offer my hand to help them up. Most boys took it. Some didn’t and I’d have to fight, have to work for the respect I demanded. I never considered not fighting.
“I don’t want John here.” I told him. “Send him away.” Mycroft narrowed his eyes at me. “Please.” I begged.
But John was pulled off of him. Along with the gulp of air into his lungs came regret – regret that he had stayed away, regret that he had left and lied to John in the first place, regret that he was still alive in a world in which he could never have John.
On his freshly shorn scalp, I could see the scar over his ear. It had been fresh and angry the last time I saw Sherlock. Now it was a red seam flush with his skin.
John immediately felt guilty. He shouldn't treat hospital staff that way. He shouldn't treat anyone that way. But he was relieved that she was gone. He returned to the bog and turned on the shower. He stripped off quickly – he only tried to use his nonexistent left hand twice – and stepped in, letting the hot water beat down on the back of his neck and his shoulders.
. He would never be dangerous to Sherlock. John was dangerous to anyone and everyone who might threaten Sherlock, but he would never harm an Omega and he would always safeguard
That mystery solved, Sherlock went to the desk. There was nothing of interest on top and the drawers were locked. He could force one, but that would be immediately obvious to Moran, something Sherlock wanted to avoid for now. He tried the cabinets built into the wall – these opened easily. Inside he found video monitors each displaying a different scene – there was the front door, the front garden, the back garden… Sherlock located one he thought must be the view from the camera on the rooftop opposite that he had almost blundered in front of.
“We do.” Sherlock said. His breathing was shallow and his heart beat too rapidly, but his hands were steady in mine.
“It’s this way.” John said, taking Sherlock’s arm and leading them towards the brothel. “Lot more CCTV than when I was looking for Harry. I found her ‘round back in the garden in a sort of medical tent.”
"I didn't change your mind." Shane said lazily. "Sherlock did that. By the time I came along you were ripe for the plucking."
"Ow! Fuck! What are you doing?!" John shouted, trying to jerk away. "Stop!" He shoved Sherlock into the vanity hard, upsetting the toothbrushes and the shaving cream.
I couldn't see his face. I couldn't ascertain if this was simple kindness to a friend or something more. I wanted it to be more so badly, I couldn't trust myself. Maybe if I didn't feel as if I had been chewed up and spat out by some sort of devilish kaiju...
^^^I’m sorry, I don’t mean to pressure you. I’ll do whatever you need me to do. I just wish I understood.^^^
“Mycroft smiled – you saw it, I know you saw it. For your brother, that’s practically a wedding announcement. Definitely the look of a man getting laid.”
“That was ten days ago.” I told John tonelessly. “I don’t know how Mycroft got me out of the U.S. He brought me here...”
John had learned that Sherlock was stubborn. His upbringing had been a strange mix of over-indulgence and deprivation. His family was wealthy and influential, but Sherlock was just the Omega, a commodity along with all the other Holmes assets. His brother had thought enough of his intelligence and ability to educate him, but still thought his role was to bond and breed. Despite the limitations placed on him, the Omega had doggedly walked his own path, disappointing expectations at every turn.
“They showed me you... leaving the flat, walking down Baker Street... and...” Here my voice did break. I put my hand to my face and found it was wet, tears falling freely past my ears. “And you fell, suddenly, to the ground. You’d been shot – and somehow I knew the sniper had done it, the one we were looking for before I left. You didn’t... you didn’t move... blood pooled around you... someone ran over and started shouting for the police, for an Ambulance...”
Sherlock shot me a look communicating his disappointment that I had not already been certain of that obvious fact – a look that was SO perfectly Sherlockian I could have hugged him. How had I lived without him for so long?
"It doesn't matter." Victor cut in. "I didn't expect he'd die for thirty or forty more years... then what he'd left would keep me comfortable until I joined him. I don't need it now. I'll find my own way."
“It starts north of the house, leads up onto the cliffs and travels along the ocean. It’s the trail that Afan…” Victor stopped, looking grave.
“Yes! Of course!” He looked pissed, but also like he expected Sherlock to be dickish. Regardless, it distracted Shane long enough to get him on the lift and up to John's floor in stony silence.  He hesitated when the doors opened – wrinkling his nose in disgust at the hospital smell.
“In any case, most students would take the semester off after something so life-changing. Are you sure you’re ready to be back?” John helped her lift the body and remove the hospital gown.
Next in the series, John and Sherlock arrive at home and work out the 'details' of their new relationship.
Even if John hadn’t been bonded, this wasn’t the sort of place he’d ever enjoyed. But now… John couldn’t even imagine wanting anyone other than his bondmate. Was it some chemical component of the bond affecting his libido? Was it a function of the empathetic link? Had he simply fallen that in love with Sherlock Holmes? John didn’t know. But it was taking all his acting skill to show enthusiasm for the exotic Beta dancers.
“Which brings us to the topic of birth control.” Virginia said. “Family planning allows you to choose when and how many children to have...”
"No one, even those you trust most – you don't know what that person might let slip. Better keep it between us for now."
I felt confused...and exhausted. “I... I know this changes things... if you want to move, I’ll ... I’ll tell Mycroft to find you someplace...”
Angus Church pulled a dangling string and a bare bulb lit just as the lift doors closed. It hung from a loose wire and swung back and forth making the shadows dance crazily. Sherlock examined what he could see of the room. There were stacks and stacks of chairs, thick with dust, a cluster of matressless hospital beds, broken I.V. stands and outdated equipment and machinery at whose function Sherlock could only guess. The hoses disappeared into the pile and emerged on the other side, attached to a metal block six feet tall, a generator or air conditioner or some sort of building mechanical that hummed.
Sherlock paused a moment. “Wait here.” I admired his lithe form as he crossed the room and rummaged through the cabinets by the sink. Even too thin, his movements were elegant and his arse pert and shapely.
Disagreeing with Dad was talkbalk. Standing up for yourself was talkback. If Dad had had enough beer, talkback got you slapped.
John examined his face for another moment. Then he nodded once, his jaw tensing, and pulled his shirt and hoodie together off over his head – with only a slight awkwardness. Sherlock spared a hand to range over John's chest, carding through the patch of coarse red hair he found there. The bruises on his wrist and neck were still prominent, but his chest looked almost untouched now. It was fascinating to see the twitch of John's muscles under his skin without the soft pad of fat hiding them. They were bulky, manly, and they made Sherlock's mouth water with want.
Finally we reached the ground and the other passengers filed out. Free at last I walked into the lobby – and stopped short.
"Wait." Her expression was baleful. "Dr. Watson – John – your friend, your closest companion, the person you are in love with – who you KNOW loved you too – you've LET him believe that you're dead?!" She was incredulous.
Lestrade gestured for him to come into the loo. “Me mum figured it out when I was still a lad. She’d been using suppressant on me, but I was getting old enough that the neighbors were getting suspicious. The trick is to mix the Beta scent in with the suppressant – here, one drop of vanilla essence, alcohol free, for every ten ounces of suppressant.” He demonstrated with an eyedropper. “You have to use it right away. If you let it sit, the vanilla isn’t strong enough.” He sprayed some in the air and Sherlock sniffed. It smelled exactly like the familiar Beta scent.
I tried to get a hold of myself. The sobbing was making the nausea worse and I rested my head between my knees. Mycroft patted me awkwardly.
Sherlock didn't struggle, he turned onto his side and curled his knees into his chest. John's hand lingered on his shoulder, Sherlock registered THAT despite the convulsions in his body expelling sick into the little trough that appeared under his chin, despite the pain in his chest, spiking with every heave, every breath.
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" John reached out and pushed the dark curls back from Sherlock's face. Sherlock pulled away.
"No." He looked hard at John. "We don't have to do this, John. I can make our apologies and we can leave."
It was forty minutes before I heard anything – and then it was Mycroft dictating to one of his aides as he came in through the front door. I listened to him shed his coat and issue a series of orders. Eventually my brother made his way into the study. He was on the phone, arguing about something deadly boring. I don’t know how he does it, waste his genius on trivia like transportation policy or trade deficits or what Putin eats for breakfast.
“Why didn’t you tell me?!” John exclaimed. “Jesus, Sherlock, I thought you were dying! I thought you had an inoperable brain tumor or an aneurysm or something!”
He leaned over and kissed the man, tasting salt on his lips. Mycroft released Greg slowly, letting his limbs go limp.
After a moment, Sherlock began moving again, insatiable, using his weight to make the bed jounce, using the movement of the bed to thrust John’s cock deep inside himself as he bounced. Their flesh slapped together, sweaty and satisfying.
John had felt confused and ashamed. Dad had begun criticizing his size only recently and John didn’t understand why. "But I'm scrum-half. Coach starts all the new kids as wings or full backs, but he said he wanted me to be scrum-half ’cause I was fast."
The leader walked forward, it was Nazer claiming his revenge at last. He smiled unpleasantly and nodded to the man behind me. Something heavy hit my head – I was surprised and vastly relieved that it seemed they weren’t going to rape me after all. My last thought as I lost consciousness was John.
“Yes, of course. I’m fine.” John said brusquely, closing his eyes again, shutting Sherlock out, dismissing him.
John began to move, to pump himself slowly in and out. Sherlock’s whole being ignited, all the burning want within him satisfied in a primal way. He relaxed, his mate was taking care of him as only his mate could.
John searched through the bottom drawer of his bureau and tossed Sherlock a pair of flannel pyjama bottoms and a soft t-shirt. They were too short, but Sherlock didn’t care. John donned sweatpants and another t-shirt and suddenly they were clean and comfortable.
I had expected to pass out too, for the whisky to allow me to submerge myself in the forgetfulness of sleep. But I didn’t. I lay awake hour after hour, the room tilting drunkenly, my stomach with it. My inebriation faded slowly, unnoticed like the rotation of the earth. The ceiling stayed the same until dawn shone a first light through the window. I watched the light fill the room.
He had pulled out the single cold case of Lestrade's that he hadn't been able to solve from his hospital bed. Sherlock needed to reconnoiter the crime scene to prove one way or the other if the sister had done it. That is what he would do tonight, dinner wasn't on his radar.
John discarded the sling and pulled the hospital gown off in front of the mirror. He examined his torso, the bruises, the rope burns, the finger marks around his neck. He glanced once at the white, dead hand with the fingers curling loosely towards the warm, rosy wrist. They would amputate tomorrow, John was certain.
"Why are you staring at me?" I'd woken from a very satisfying kip to find Sherlock next to me, leaning on his elbow, smiling.
Setting down the chart, Sherlock peeled back the blanket and touched the man's wrist – he was cold. Further prodding made it clear he was in full rigor. The body was dressed in a suit of striped flannel pajamas. He leaned in and sniffed the body – the face, the chest – there was no unexpected odor.
“And Mycroft’s men will follow him into the building. Out of sight, of course. Once he pulls the trigger, we’ll have backup.”
It wasn't five minutes before there was a knock on the door. It was Ianto with a bottle of paracetamol and a glass of water. "I'll bring dinner soon." He told me as he handed over the medication. I thanked him.
John gazed at me for a long moment. “Tell me what to do.” He said. I felt confused – do about what? “You look... haunted, Sherlock. Tell me what to do to help you.”
Sherlock had been swimming against the tide, caught in an undertow... swimming and swimming in the endless ocean, buffeted by swells and dragged under, holding his breath until he he simply couldn't any longer then breathing in the salty liquid. He refused to let it kill him.
He called Dusette whilst he assembled the gear he thought he might need, and apprised her of the situation. She agreed to meet him at the Baker Street flat. Then he swung his duffel over his shoulder - it was actually an old one of John's, army issue, that he'd used to bring supplies to the loft years ago - and set out. It likely was not safe to walk up to the front door, so he decided to come in through the back. It was also possible that the flat was bugged or had hidden cameras. Sherlock was still in his paint-stained clothing, he added ginger whiskers and hid his dark hair under the stocking cap.
"Jesus Christ, shut up! You're pathetic!" Church shook his head in disbelief. "Why did you leave him? Why did you fake your death?"
He moved down the couch and began rubbing one of John’s feet briskly, dismayed by how cold and white it was. “He needs fluids.” Sherlock addressed Moran as he approached. “Tea, juice – juice would be perfect.”
“Seb, this is John Watson. John, my dear friend Sebastian Moran.” I looked into his cold blue eyes as I shook his hand and wanted to shiver. He was tan and a bit weathered looking – it suited him, tempered his relentless elegance. I realised with relief that Moran didn’t have Sherlock’s effortless grace. He was much more formal and even a bit fussy, wearing a heavy platinum bracelet and ring with French cuffs.
Nazer stroked my matted hair. “Course I did, pet.” He was apt to be affectionate when we were alone.
"Mm." Sherlock was enjoying rubbing John's leg, stimulating the circulation in his damaged limb. His legs were furrier than Sherlock's own, his body hair redder than the silvering hair on his head. Sherlock tried to bring up a sense memory of the furry legs pressed against his skin, but he couldn't.
“I’m OK, Shane.” John said authoritatively. “Just a bit numb still, it will pass.” He stared down Moran. “Can we go?” He asked.
Seb Moran took it, but he didn’t do anything so formal as shake – he held my hand, his fingers caressing intimately. “John.” He said, smiling at me.
“Yeah, you bet.” Suki replied gamely. She led him to the next gurney, the one closest to the front stairs. Suki began tugging at the straps holding down an extremely young girl with a head full of long tangled ringlets and a heat harness digging furrows into her neck.
He had learned a lot about his Omega since they'd bonded. John had learned that Sherlock was brilliant. Amazing. Extraordinary. He'd never met anyone like his Omega, able to know so much about someone from observation alone. John never tired of listening to Sherlock talk through his deductions.
The political had thrown a punch. I came up on the far side of his arm, twisted behind him and shoved him in the direction his momentum was already carrying him. His fist hit the metal bedpost and he grunted in pain. He swung around, swearing, but I’d danced out of range.
I closed my eyes. John hadn’t left when I told him about the prostitute – I had expected him to. He hadn’t even gotten angry. He... he understood. He still loved me. I could barely believe it – I knew I didn’t deserve it.
I understood in a flash – Sherlock was injured, suffering post-traumatic stress. He was hiding out in London trying to convalesce.
Sherlock gasped and clutched at my arms. Then his hands discovered a purpose in opening my jeans. He pulled my cock out of my pants and levered himself up onto an elbow to rub his cock against mine. I wrapped my hand around us both and Sherlock did as well, though there was barely enough room for the both of us.
She waited. The morphine was lovely, lighter, purer than the heroin. Abruptly my aches began to fade... then disappeared. I floated...
"I tried to kill him this time – it's probably not a good idea to see him again.... listen, fuck him! FUCK HIM! I've wasted enough time on Sherlock Holmes. I'm done."
Lestrade leaned back in his chair as if Sherlock had slapped him. “Fine.” He snapped. “Get your coat.”
"Mmm-hmm. Come here." I pulled him down for a kiss. His lips were soft and warm. It was strange to kiss a man, strange to kiss my best friend... but I felt happy. Very happy. "Must have been quite a dull study."
I marked the opening I had come through and eyed the other three. I sighed and took the one on the left. Forty minutes later, I was back at the folly – cursing my own folly for walking into this damn maze in the first place. I'd been in here far too long – I was getting hungry and my hip was really starting to hurt. I chose another opening and worked my way through turning after turning, blank walls of shrubbery surrounding me everywhere.
I didn’t want to hear it. I couldn’t bear to let him go. Let him risk everything again. Without me...
Then John waited. And waited. The third time he woke himself up a second before his face hit the table, he sat down on the floor, leaned against the wall and, closing his eyes against the fluorescent lights, went to sleep.
"Good." I touched his arm and he smiled. He went back into his own room and pulled the door to, but I noticed he didn't latch it.
“It’s good to meet you.” I said. He studied me closely like he was trying to remember where we'd met – and I recalled that Lady Anwen hadn’t told anyone that she’d asked us here.
On reflection, I was surprised I hadn’t run into Victor long before. Perhaps we had avoided each other, each ashamed of our part in the affair. I regretted the deception, and according to John, Victor regretted it as well. Maybe I should apologize. He hadn’t hurt me – Mycroft ending our affair had hurt, but it had been doomed from the start.
“Yeah. G won’t be able to ride. He’ll be stroppy all afternoon.” Gereth frowned. “Hi, Vic.” He said without enthusiasm.
John learned that Sherlock was difficult, moody and intense, his brain racing, threatening to consume itself. Sherlock needed to channel his restless genius, he needed knotty problems to unravel be it chemical, clinical or criminal in nature. Without outlet, Sherlock was impossible to be with. But he couldn't escape himself.
I had been so certain I had lost him, if not to time and distance, then certainly to infidelity... or arrogance... My heart had not faltered, not for one second. But John... I had never been good enough for John and one day he would see that.
“Are you sure – really sure – this isn’t just your hormones talking? I’ve seen what heats are like...”
I nodded, that was good. But it didn’t make me feel better. I was battered and sick and so very, very tired.
John didn’t have much to shift – some clothes, linens, books, his record albums, laptop, his old telly and some kitchenware. He managed it all in six boxes, his rucksack and a suitcase.
I plucked the empty pudding bowl and fork from his hand and dropped a kiss on his brow. “Relax, Sherlock. Trust yourself. Trust ME.”
I was panting hard as I fucked his fist. John sucked my earlobe. “Yeah, back up onto my fingers.” He crooned in my ear. “Just like that. Fuck me harder, fuck my fist, love. Fuck yourself on my hand. You feel so good.” He twisted his finger into my prostate and stars sparked in my vision. Another thrust, and another, and then my cock throbbed and erupted, twisting my insides and curling my toes. Muffling a shout against his shoulder, I came so hard I shot on John’s cheek and my chin. My bollocks turned themselves inside out, my body trembled with absolute bloody bliss. My vision failed, my brain went offline and there was only the electricity jolting through me…
“Because, based on your reputation, I assumed that it would end poorly for me. Hard to operate an international criminal network when one’s head is no longer attached to one’s neck.”
“And that didn’t work either so you thought, hey, why don’t I open some blood vessels and see how that feels?” John’s fear makes him angry. “Bloody hell, Sherlock, I can’t keep doing this with you! I did this with Harry, I can’t watch you do the same thing. Only at least Harry probably has a few more years before she successfully drinks herself to death, whereas you do this one, two more times and you’re pretty much done for. You know that Sherlock, you
Somewhere in he'd stashed his cane what feels like a lifetime ago. Was a lifetime ago. Someone else's lifetime. It's filled with boxes, mostly his old things he'd moved there when he'd turned his old bedroom to a lab for Sherlock
John and Sherlock lie somewhat tangled on the bed on Friday afternoon, still naked, anaemic late autumn sun streaming in through the window. Both are quite recently satisfied and rather spent, though by no means down for the count. John is running his hand over the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, eyes closed, while Sherlock has his legs over John’s chest and is dangling his head upside down off the edge of the bed.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something that will doubtless get him in trouble, but John beats him to it, stepping between Sherlock and the two officers.
The woman next to him chuckles softly and he pretends to notice her for the first time. "Sorry, I didn't actually realise I was talking there. I do that when I get nervous at parties."
“I feel it too,” Victor continues, faintly, echoing his own thoughts. John notices that Victor has not let go of his hands and that he is trembling. “I want to… I mean, if I thought that…”
Sherlock returns an hour later, just after John and Mrs. Hudson have completed their exhaustive search and Mycroft has finished warning him just how bad Sherlock really is tonight. Not that John hasn’t figured it out on his own, but having Mycroft confirm it makes his stomach twist with fear.
“You do realize that your precious visual cue is very possibly a permanent untreatable brain injury, right?”
John successfully sweet-talks his way into being allowed to visit Bryant’s office unaccompanied and breathes a sigh of relief. He wonders if he can get out without passing either the crone or the over-eager maiden again.
“It was childish of me, I admit, but suddenly I very much wanted to go on that dance floor, in front of everyone, and dance with someone I…chose… and not have anyone be able to say anything about it.”
“Everything. Nothing.” He looks up into Sherlock’s clear grey eyes, bright in the fading daylight, and his face is guileless, open, accepting. Sherlock still doesn’t move, but he is tense, poised for flight, like a deer frozen in the scope of a hunter, like he’s been suddenly exposed and has nowhere to run.
Sherlock cocks his head, as if he can’t quite grasp what John is saying, and in that moment, John hates him, just a little. “Will you move out, then?”
Sherlock's all focus, leaning forward, so ready to absorb every detail of the room and people in it to spin into a serviceable cover that, perhaps predictably, he entirely neglects what's happening the bar area he's just passed through. He has only the barest of prickles at the back of his neck and a small flare of John Watson's indignation behind his corneas to warn him before a field hockey stick connects sharply with his midsection.
Lestrade had sighed heavily. He seemed to have aged ten years in the past month. “I’m sorry, John. You’re right, I should have believed him. There are a lot of fishy things going on here, but I don’t know where to start. I have no leads, John. The sad fact is the only person likely to be able to solve this was Sherlock Holmes. I promise, I’ll do what I can – I owe him that much. But don’t expect a miracle.”
He doesn’t have the words to encompass what he means right now. Years, what feels like a lifetime of belonging to each other, of leaving each other, of fights and denials and promises and putting each other through multiple circles of hell, of sacrifice, of deaths real and fictitious, of building a new language of words and gestures and touches just to even be able to understand each other, and so much light, so much brightness that even now John looks like the proverbial Christmas star has settled itself in his top floor hallway. How can anything else possibly matter in the slightest after living through all of that and still, somehow, managing to have held on to each other?
John breaks away after a moment and narrows his eyes in suspicion. “I got an offer on the practice this week. Cash, twice what it’s worth, anonymously through a law firm. That was you, right?”
There must be over 500 people in attendance, every last one of them with some shade of red hair, from deep auburn to the lightest pink-tinged blonde.  Apparently bringing non-ginger dates is verboten. Even most of the service staff is redheaded. John feels very sharply out of place, despite his dye job, and wonders if people can tell just by looking at him that he's not a ginger on the inside.
Sometimes John is unable to stop himself from a small expression of affection in their day to day lives, but he chooses his moments carefully, when Sherlock is not working or already agitated – grabbing him for a kiss before he goes out, stroking his thigh or the back of his neck when they are watching telly. At first Sherlock seems puzzled by this, but ultimately he accepts these gestures, even seems to appreciate them as long as they are discreet and not too frequent. Once or twice it has even landed them back upstairs in John’s bed, but only when Sherlock is very bored. He prefers the late nights.
Sherlock finally looked at him. John was smiling, his expression indecipherable. He reached out and tilted Sherlock’s chin up, then leaned in and kissed him, softly, deliberately. “Complete and total idiot.”
"I said you're right. I didn't trust you. I didn't trust you not to come after me. I didn't trust you to not get yourself killed trying to protect me. I didn't trust you to stay where you were and not get yourself captured and tortured and used as bait and slaughtered to punish me! Don't you understand? I couldn't have that happen. I needed you safe."
“So that’s why you came back? My brother told you a tale of woe so you would feel guilt and pity and run home?”
Sherlock snorted and leapt to his feet, pacing the kitchen with increasing speed. “We’re alive because he didn’t feel like dying that day, and found something better to do. He was in control the entire time. The only option for us was whether or not we wanted to take him with us when we died. He beat us, he beat
“Then by all means, John, don’t watch. I didn’t ask you to come in here, I didn’t want you to come in here.”
John shakes his head. “No one could have survived that, Sherlock. A man with my name woke up three weeks later in Germany. But me… no.”
John tossed and turned. He knew the one thing he mustn’t do was promise Sherlock, in word or action, something he wasn’t prepared to follow through on. So where did that leave them? Suddenly John smiled to himself. The only thing to do was to practise. Leave off the sex for now, and try the messy, in-between relationship stuff for a bit and see what happened. It would be awkward, but at least they’d get it over with straight away and then John would know if they could make it work. And, he had to admit, the thought of running his own experiment on Sherlock for once had a certain appeal.
John dresses while Sherlock looks on impatiently and they go down together. Sherlock has somehow wheedled Mrs. Hudson into making them breakfast and they eat while Sherlock and Mycroft spar over the case. It’s comfortingly domestic, from Sherlock pretending to read the paper in his dressing gown to the fraternal antagonism to the hot oatmeal and tea, and John feels the previous day begin to recede like a bad dream.
“And…what if I don’t?” His tone is defiant. “What if I just continue on the way I have done and ignore this completely? What will you do? Will that be the end of all this, then?”
“Yes, you are,” she dismisses, and he doesn’t have in it him to argue. She acquiesces then and texts Sherlock.
Concern flickers across John's face, the first sign of any emotion other than anger he's given. "What happened? That's not from me."
John leans against the wall, slumping, unable to quite hold himself up anymore. Molly gets cautiously to her feet. “John, I can’t even tell you…” She puts a hand on his forearm and speaks with a gentle voice, more confident than she sounds normally. “I can only imagine what you must be feeling.”
“You can owe me.” He could feel her breath on his cheek. She was so beautiful, so vital. Everything lately had been death and darkness. He longed for someone to make him feel alive.
"It's as much actions as feelings," she tells him, standing. "It’s a choice you have to make every day. And I think you've got it down just fine."
In the cold, empty, dim warehouse they twirl and spin as if they are in the most elegant of ballrooms, in the finest of clothes, with the best orchestra. Sherlock holds John very tightly to him indeed this time, cheeks pressed against each other, eyes closed, completely insensible to their surroundings, lost in one another, moving as one.
John thrusts against Sherlock once more, unbuttoning his shirt and devouring each new patch of white skin as it’s uncovered. Sherlock throws his head back, exposing himself to John’s ministrations, rutting into him harder and faster until it’s too much for the delicate balance in the too-small chair and they half-fall, half slip out of it, sinking down to the carpet.
. They have no need of a marriage, they’d already said forever to each other, this is just tying up the loose ends in the eyes of the law. But then if John does consider a civil partnership the same as a marriage and is so violently against it, what does that mean?
“Nevertheless.” Mycroft took a moment to compose himself, smoothing his coat and retrieving his umbrella from the floor.
Sherlock jumps up from the bed, shrugging off John’s touch. “Nothing happened. It’s just too much of a distraction. I knew it would be. I should have stopped it a long time ago, should have never started it, but I was weak. How am I supposed to focus on my work when I’m constantly thinking about…this? It can’t go on. It was a mistake.”
John swallows hard. “Fine. I clearly can’t change your mind. But I won’t forget it. I don’t want to. It’s been some of the best…” his voice breaks a little. He clears his throat. “The best moments of my life have been with you, right here, over the past three months. I’m not giving those memories up, even if I have to give you up.”
John tries to talk to him about it a few times, on cases when Mary’s not around, to check in with him and make sure he’s not putting too much strain on himself. But to allow him to do that would negate the entire point of the work Sherlock has done to shift his thoughts and perspective into this stubbornly platonic dimension, so he dodges and redirects and eventually John stops asking.
Sherlock releases him, pushing him away in revulsion. Moriarty stumbles, laughing for real this time. "You're delusional," Sherlock spits, turning away.
But he doesn’t. Instead he throws himself down on the sofa, fiercely, facing away from John in his all-too-familiar sulking position. He’s ignoring John, hoping to make him beg his pardon, to clamour for his attention, for John to try to cajole him out of it. But John’s not playing.
But he doesn’t have time to reflect on how ridiculous this line of thought is, because Sherlock has snapped him to attention and he’s back to doing his duty, standing guard, working in perfect harmony with his friend, exactly as it should be, exactly as they always are. Even through the smoke alarm and the gun to his head and the moment when they are both certain that Sherlock is going to have to watch John get his brains splattered all over the cream cashmere carpet and John isn’t sure which of them is about to suffer more, he feels like things are completely right. This is how it works. This is what they do.
John decided the shower could wait until morning and allowed himself to melt into Sherlock’s embrace, pulling the blanket tightly around them both. Unconsciousness was taking him but he murmured, “Sherlock?”
This continues for about a week, John trying to remain patient and unconcerned in the face of Sherlock’s nervous energy, and mainly succeeding, at least outwardly. One night, as he is just getting ready for bed, there is a knock at his door. This is unusual. Sherlock rarely ventures into the room when John is there – when he is not there Sherlock habitually goes through his things, a fact that John has exploited for his own amusement by occasionally hiding ridiculous or appalling artefacts amongst his possessions for Sherlock to find – and when he does, he typically bursts in without warning on a tear about something. Polite knocking is worrying.
“Well, I can’t say that there weren’t some chemicals in play…” John admits, thinking back to the hungry desire he had felt constantly for several months beforehand.
“Boys!” screeches Mrs. Hudson, covering her eyes. “I’ve spoken you to about locking the door if you’re going to be…indisposed for company!”
“ ‘Ere, who’s in there?” he calls, angry now. He walks right past John’s well-hidden form and the second his back is completely to John, John bursts out of the shadows and clobbers him mercilessly on the cervical plexus with his Sig, enough to fully knock him out before he can make a noise. John catches him before he can fall and eases him down – with difficulty, he’s a heavy man – and out of sight from the ground.
John leaned forward slowly, nuzzling their noses together so sweetly, and Sherlock gave another choked off sob and buried his face beneath John’s neck, resting his head on John’s solid chest and listening to the comforting
His arse was made for sin, and John was determined to see to it, reaching forward with twinkling eyes to grasp the soft mound of flesh between two rugged palms and kneading it gently, waking Sherlock up with his naughty massage.
,” Sherlock whined out, his orgasm flowing through his body in vibrating waves, and John thrust his tongue into the quivering entrance as deep as it was able, nudging just beneath Sherlock’s prostate and drawing out his sweet sighs.
John focused on Sherlock’s tender sit spots, making sure to drive the plug deeper into his young lover’s body with each smack as he reprimanded his young, impulsive lover: “you, writhing naked over my knee with ginger stuffed up your bum to teach you a lesson was not how this evening was suppose to end. But you’re a naughty boy, and needs must.”
. Sherlock stood in amazement for a moment, before going to sit on one of the many benches present in the room to process these sensations, adjusting himself lightly and twitching at the remarkable pleasure that raced up his spine at the simple movement. He wanted to touch himself again, and he reached down to do just that, before realizing he was in a public place.
And John, wonderful, capable John, seemed to know exactly what Sherlock needed. Without another moment, John was unwinding a hand from Sherlock’s slight waist and tilting up his chin, capturing his lips in a sweet kiss that caused Sherlock’s heart to pound in his ears.
Sherlock felt John smile between his cheeks, and his heart began to race even faster, his mind already comprehending John's next act of sensual torture.
The plug was absolute torture against his sensitive, swollen prostate. Every brief movement nudged just over his sweet spot, sending pulsations through his groin and filling his manhood in turn.
“They want to harm John, and I know the three of us will not willingly let that happen. I say we boil water, as much as we can, and when they enter the foyer, we wait for them to stop just under the balcony and then let them have it!” Mrs. Hudson suggested, and Lestrade and Molly agreed, filling their largest pots with water and then boiling them on the fire stove.
Sherlock felt a pulse of arousal at being called a slut and sat back on his heels, his tingling and red arse resting against his heels as he sucked at John, humming lightly and tracing his wicked tongue along the sensitive slit at the top of his cock and listening to John’s pleased groans of arousal.
"Not so fast. You have to threaten to lock up Siger Holmes on account of hallucinations of beasts, unless his son, Sherlock, agrees to marry me," Moriarty explained slowly, as if talking to a slow child. The owner rolled his eyes with a groan of annoyance.
John pulled out his camera phone and looked to Sherlock once more for permission, watching the curly haired man nod vigorously, John took a picture of Sherlock with his eyes fluttering in pleasure, his cock leaking against his hard stomach and his curls fluffed out from his head, reminiscent of a halo.
"What do you plan to offer me, then?" The asylum owner leered, looking at Moriarty with a lecherous grin while taking a swig of his brandy. Moriarty returned a sharp smile.
!” Sherlock pants as John holds his hips firmly in his grasp, lining up their erect members and rutting against each other in the 221B stairwell like teenage boys afraid to get caught out by their parents. Speaking of-
“I-I never knew, it could be like that,” Sherlock admitted in the safety of John’s arms afterwards, and John nodded in agreement, running his hands soothingly up and down Sherlock's back.
Sherlock took his time suckling on the head, drinking down John’s precome in a way that should have been illegal; Sherlock’s lips stretched around his cock in a pornographic fashion and moaning, his eyes fluttering closed in pleasure as John watched transfixed.
Siger glanced down at the magic mirror and back to his son, who was looking at the rose sitting in the kitchen with a pained expression on his pallid face. Taking another puff from his pipe, Siger contemplated his next words carefully so as to not upset his son further.
John leaned back to look at Sherlock for a moment, and made a decision. He stood up and started unbuttoning his shirt, slipping it out of his trousers and letting it flutter to the floor of Sherlock’s room as the man watched from his bed avidly.
sorry,” Sherlock apologized frantically, turning around to face John with his embarrassment deepening, making him look absolutely disheveled in the wake of his release, with pink cheeks and cum soaked panties, “I didn’t mean to-“
Shrugging, he continued on forwards, ignoring the loud huffing from Philip and his slowed trot, indicating the creature’s nervousness. After an indiscernible amount of time, he pulled Philip to a stop outside a wall built in stone at the edge of the path, with iron gates reaching three times his height and curving ominously around the entrance to what appeared to be a run down castle.
Sherlock sighed, dutifully following Mrs. Hudson to the wardrobe and ignoring the vomit-inducing monstrosity Mrs. Hudson had chosen in favor of her favorite deep violet dress with black embroidery.
“Of course you’re not crying, love,” Mrs. Hudson placated with a tone suggesting she didn’t believe it for an instant, “come here, then, let’s get you settled.”
Glancing up in shock, he looked forward to see ten of his men being drenched with boiling water, and were screaming and howling in pain, their flesh mangled and in some places, hanging off, steam swirling all around them. Moran cringed in disgust and took a step back, feeling something burning around his arm.
He stalked over, eyeing Sherlock’s pink backside and licking his lips, his cock jutting from his groin in anticipation.
,” Sherlock whimpered as John began to lift him, up and down, on his cock. Sherlock’s body pliant in his grasp as he moved him steadily up and allowed him to sink back down, his entrance swallowing John’s manhood exquisitely.
Sherlock was broken from his recollections by his father gesturing to the armchair in front of the fire, sitting in his own and watching Sherlock with an uncharacteristically solemn expression on his normally jovial face.
Thanks for reading, your comments and kudos always mean the world to me, and I cannot thank you enough for the support this fic has received. It makes me happy I finally started writing for this fandom since this has been well liked and enjoyed by so many of you, so THANKS!
“Don’t touch yourself,” John ordered, and Sherlock groaned in annoyance but obeyed, moving his hands to clenched at the arms of the chair and trying not to put too much pressure on his still stinging arse.
,” Sherlock gasped, realizing John’s cock would feel quite different from his dildos or anal beads. He could already feel the warmth from John’s manhood indicating that he was alive, real, and wanting Sherlock.
,” Sherlock felt the rivaling sensations of embarrassment and arousal in his belly, the stinging from the ginger root fading but still prevalent as John bounced him lightly on his knee while he stroked Sherlock’s flushed cock and whispered embarrassing remarks.
The two men chatted for a while, about how Michael was enjoying nursing at the surgery, and how long flu season seemed to be lasting.
“Papa, you didn’t have to get me-“ Sherlock was cut off when a book was thrust quite suddenly under his nose. He grasped it by its leather binding, moving it away from his face in order to see the inscription on the cover clearly.
The two men stayed in their warm embrace for a moment longer, before Sherlock’s overactive transport could be denied no longer and he began squirming in John’s hold, aching for release.
"Yes, I think it's time for a redecoration," he agreed with a put-upon sigh. Sherlock sat up from the bed for a moment, going over to the table to pick up the now petal-less rose stem, frowning at it.
“Do you trust me?” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips, biting down on his lower lip gently and smiling into the kiss when Sherlock whimpered, “yes.”
Sherlock huffed, “if only,” sitting down and burying her head in her arms, ignoring her maid completely.
Gasping slightly, Sherlock rested her back against the cool marble pillar; she’d just escaped from the mild-mannered, stuttering Duke who was promising crops for Sherlock’s hand in marriage. He had spent the waltz discussing the cleverness of crop rotation. As much as Sherlock loved dancing, she was beginning to find the task tedious with such horrid partners.
Since she was stabbed in the shoulder during the Battle of Lochmage, John’s life had changed irrevocably. In the past year, she had been “relieved” by her commanding officer with the parting slot to, “go and fulfill your true purpose- your womb is not harmed and can be of use.” Since then, John had never fully recovered her wit or her will.
“So, you are planning to stay for a while, I'm surprised Thrymn is giving you a chance despite his distrust of women,” Sherlock observed, turning around and walking back to her wardrobe to hide her flushing cheeks.
Sherlock leaned forward and began gently kissing the bulbous head of John’s prick, dipping his tongue in the slit and gently licking at the moisture there.
As he continued on, a light appeared at the end of the path and an unexpected calm settled over his bony shoulders as he continued forward, his long legs dashing through the underbrush and he forged ahead. A smile broke over his face and a redness rose to his cheeks from exertion and excitement of the unknown.
“So, since you liked both the colors and the feel of the chemise and corset, I’ve set out a few panties and sets of lingerie I thought you might enjoy.”
John saw a glowing light out of the corner of his eye, and turned to face the deep red rose hidden under the glass case, glimmering in the darkness as a constant reminder of John's cruelty and loss of kindness. It was beginning to wilt, turning darker with many petals already rotting at the bottom of the encasement. A reminder: John had until the first kiss of spring to fall in love and be loved in return. Once all the petals had fallen, all hope was lost.
," Sherlock fell back, his eyelids fluttering shut as he was caught by John holding his hips as John began to kiss and lick at the pink and clenching hole, cradling his face between Sherlock's plump arse cheeks as he soothed away the last remaining stinging from the ginger.
echoed through the alley way, and then there was silence, the only movement the slight smoking from John's gun.
And by entered, John meant made himself known by making an unintentional scene. John looked up at hearing a crash to see books flying about and a curly head hitting the ground with a soft smack. Oh Sherlock, it was always something with the curly haired young man.
John leaned up and met his eyes, smiling an expression that was too sweet for someone who was currently buried in another human being to be wearing, his sincerely loving expression warring with the molten heat reflected in his midnight eyes.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I-I think I’ve loved you since I shot a cabbie for you, and we giggled at a crime scene before getting dinner. Ever since I saw you with that stupid drawn on mustache, bringing me back to life with your miraculous return from death. I’ve loved you since I married the wrong person, wishing with all my heart I had made a vow to you that day. I’ve loved you since you were shot by my wife, and tried to save my failed marriage anyways for my happiness, even though I wasn't happy without you” John breathed out, stumbling over the words but saying them all slowly, knowing that he needs to say these hidden truths and be understood, “I am in love with you, Sherlock. I want to be with you in more ways than just friends. I want to take you to bed and wake up with you in the morning. I want to kiss you, and go to crime scenes with you, and laugh at inappropriate moments with you. I want to be with you always.”
John looked at his half-awake detective who was holding out his skinny arms, and John was helpless to resist. Climbing into bed, John arranged the duvet to rest over them before tugging Sherlock close, tucking him under his chin and marveling at how perfect it felt, as if they were meant to fit together in this way.
As the two men tended to sleep naked, the feeling of John’s bare skin against his own gave Sherlock a rush of sensation as he gripped at John’s muscles to sooth himself.
Sherlock always kept her hair in a tight bun at the back of her head, and almost no one had ever seen her hair down. Even living with John that past two years, she had never seen Sherlock’s hair unfastened. In the confines of her own brilliant mind, Sherlock recognized that she scorned how feminine she looked with the soft curls framing her face, lessening the sharp edge of her cheekbones and the length of her oval face and neck.
Sherlock's mind supplied unhelpfully, feeling the hardened buds pressing gently into her upper back and wanting to touch.
“Green now, you can m-move,” Sherlock hitched slightly, the pain having mainly receded, but his cheeks were still rosy from embarrassment. What John must think of him, unable to even take his entire cock…
,” Sherlock’s eyes closed as he continued to rhythmically rock against John’s leg, coating he insides of his trousers with his essence and clenching around the plug, each pulsation resonating in his groan and drawing out his pleasure.
But her voice, oh, her voice that was equal parts cutting, deep and soft, depending on her intonation. She was unquestionable and unapologetically regal, even sitting in her bath and bared to the world, to John. She could command any man, or woman, to bow at her feet.
"I've got to go, Mrs. Hudson. That was work," John said apologetically, and Mrs. Hudson nodded with an understanding smile.
Next time: Sherlock goes shopping for a new article of clothing, and John almost comes in his pants :)
A roar ripped through the surroundings, so much fiercer than the chorus of growls from the wolves, and the creatures turned to discover the source of the terror inducing sound.
‘How do you feel about the violin? I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end, would that bother you? Potential flat mates should know the worst about each other,’ Sherlock had quipped, so many months ago in the lab at St. Bart’s. John chuckled inwardly, as if that was the worst part about living with Sherlock.
Sherlock woke up with a startled gasp, his heart pounding and sweat trickling down his back as he stole a glance over to his companion, who was still fast asleep with his stubble covered cheek resting upon the pillow. In the silence of the morning, Sherlock took in the sight of John, his face relaxed, lightly wrinkled and flushed lightly from sleep, and his heart began to settle slowly from its panicked thumping.
John merely smiled at her lackluster response, her eyes crinkling in the corners, and Sherlock’s cold, unfeeling heart gave a sudden, warm thump.
Sherlock groaned as he rolled out of bed, feeling somewhat sore and remembering why. Last night, with John.
“B-Because I ran off without you,” Sherlock mumbled, looking down and avoiding John’s gaze, which received a fond eye roll from John.
Sherlock looked up and saw John’s eyes smiling down at him, their sky blue appearance shining in the darkness of their bedchambers, with only a few candles and the moonlight shining in the window to illuminate the space, so only their eyes were fully visible to one another.
“To you, Sherlock. The bravest, wisest, and kindest man I’ve ever know,” John said genuinely, the sentiment for Sherlock shining in his cerulean eyes, and Sherlock felt his throat constricting as he peered at the man who loved him so deeply.
boyfriends were not Sherlock’s area. He wished things could be different between them, on the nights when they sat across from each other, and John glanced up to see Sherlock, eyes closed, his mind racing from deductions, and John wants to get up and touch him. Desperately.
“Sherlock” his mother would smile while brushing away his tears and turning his face towards hers gently, “many people are jealous of your outer beauty, but many more will be jealous of your inner beauty.”
“No,” Sherlock cried in defiance, fighting to escape John’s grasp, breaking away from John’s tight grasp and beginning to race back to the bedroom. But John caught his arm, pulling him back and turning him to face the army doctor, who had a warning written in his blue eyes.
John prepped himself for rejection, but Sherlock surprised him yet again, “I would love to. Dinner at seven?” He shuffled his feet, looking down, and the beast was amazed that this human, this beauty, was able too look past his fur and claws and see someone worth going to dinner with underneath.
“Sherlock, what do you think you’re doing running off like that?” Lestrade scolded him like he would a child, sounding to be at the end of his rope with the consulting detective, until Sherlock looked up at him from his hiding place of John’s neck; his face wet with tears and his eyes still glistening, fear etched into his youthful face.
. He went to the wardrobe and pulled out a purple shirt that felt soft and silky, reminding him of his wardrobe when his family was still wealthy. He then he pulled out a pair of black pants, which seemed to be tailored to his exact size, and Sherlock was utterly astounded.
“I-I’m sorry” Sherlock stumbled over his apology, shaking in fear. Now he'd done it, but he didn't mean to do any damage.
- carried away by their love, and due to that, a few ground rules had been established by Mrs. Hudson and the others where physical affection in public was concerned.
“Wha-What? What does that even mean?” John queried, cocking her head and throwing her blonde braid over her shoulder in the process.
," John leered, kissing Sherlock once, twice on the lips, and causing Sherlock to over heat from the barely restrained passion.
Sherlock could spend months here and not have explored every part. It was fascinating, and new, and exciting.
Suddenly Sherlock was lying against John, with his arms strong arms surrounding him, and he was utterly aware of the world with his usual laser sharp focus.
All the Londoners, young and old, members of the community and allies, were smiling and laughing, hugs were all around as organizers passed out free condoms, dental dams, and pointed out were to get STI tests. It was such a mixture of ethnicities, languages, and experiences.
“Sherlock’s father was threatened, by a man in Sherlock’s town, and he will be put away if Sherlock does not go back and marry the man,” John said, his stomach churning at the idea of Sherlock being forced into marriage, but knowing that he could not help Sherlock in this.
And so John watched the people of the town, feeling useless. She let her blue gaze wander across the marketplace where she sat slumped against a wall, always aware, a Captain through and through.
John felt her face begin to heat at the knowledge that Lestrade had witnessed her moment of panic, moments that women in battle could not afford. She cleared her throat while awkwardly ringing her small, calloused hands together, “I’ll, uh, take the watch. You get some sleep.”
John smiled at her, and laid down beside her, trailing her hands up Sherlock's neck to her hair, lightly scratching and pulling at the gorgeous strands while humming to herself in satisfaction. Sherlock bit her lip to stop a moan from the sensation of the doctor's skilled fingers running through her curls and scratching her sensitive follicles, and John leaned forward to whisper in Sherlock's ear: "don't bite your lip love, let me hear you."
Deciding he would marvel at the mechanics later, his need becoming aching, he gently moved the buzzing object down with a delighted shiver, rubbing it up and down between his fleshy cheeks with a moan at the erotic tickling sensations. Finally, unable to keep his wet, worked open entrance unfilled any longer, Sherlock slid the blue vibrator into his aching entrance, up,
At that moment, John felt a pair of eyes on her and, glancing across the grounds, she saw a pale pair of eyes watching her with a curious expression. John smirked slightly and raised her eyebrows at the girl once she realized the identity of her audience member was Sherlock- when the princess discovered that John had found her out, she darted behind the stone pillar, her purple skirts flowing behind her as she fled.
“Get off of me, you idiot,” Grey growled out, and John watched impassively as Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
Sherlock groaned and resisted the urge to touch himself, his mind replaying the memory in cruel, unending detail.
The young man in question shuffled his bare feet lightly on the wooden floor, glancing down shyly and avoiding the Doctor’s gaze as he mumbled, “nothing’s the matter, sir.”
Finally, when the many strewn books were collected and deposited safely on a table, Sherlock turned to him wearing a brilliant smile, wider than the beast had ever seen in his presence.
Sherlock shook his head to clear it, and continued getting dressed. He tried not to imagine John buttoning, fastening, and adorning himself in his Army dress uniform only a floor away.
They dismounted and set up camp, tying their horses to trees and scouting the area to assure its safety.
Once they arrived at the bedchamber, John opened the door with a flourish, allowing Sherlock to enter.
Sherlock led Philip down the forest path, slowly in order to not exacerbate the beast's injuries, and he glanced at the beast’s face, reaching out to touch the fur on the side of his neck briefly to wipe away some blood and feel for his pulse.
“Do you realize what you could’ve done?” The beast roared again, shaking the very floor they stood upon, and Sherlock raised himself on shaky legs to escape from the volatile creature.
As he glanced down, he saw Sherlock’s rosy, puckered opening stretched around his hard cock, and decided to claim Sherlock as often as he allowed in the future to keep the hole stretched and open for his provocative use.
? About my…” Sherlock whispered, absolutely mortified, and John chuckled in response, pressing Sherlock’s backside back against his half hard cock and relishing Sherlock’s wiggle when his manhood poked his tender bum.
“Look at you, Sherlock, sucking me off in the entranceway of our flat. What if someone walks in?” John bit out, biting back moans as Sherlock’s plush mouth sucked gently and then roughly on his prick, Sherlock’s other hand gently massaging his balls.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and pouted, obviously wanted John to finish licking him out so he could come again, but John only grinned and pointed towards the corner, "now, young man."
“Don’t feel self-conscious, darling, I love seeing you submit to me. I’ve never met anyone half as beautiful as you.”
John looked once more in the mirror and, wincing, turned away, hoping that he would be deemed appropriate by Sherlock.
Warning: some sexually explicit content. Comments about what you'd like to see for Sherlock and John's first time is helpful! Cheers! MC
Sherlock shivered at his near nakedness, and felt himself begin to harden once again, despite having released only minutes before.
“Only a naughty boy is spanked over someone’s knee,” John hedged, not wanted to scare Sherlock but having a sneaking suspicion that where he was going with this would not be unwelcome.
“I-I am” Sherlock panted, and John lightly rolled his body on top of Sherlock’s trapped cock which was forming a wet spot on his pants and beginning to leak onto John’s abdomen, much to his embarrassment at John seeing him so undone.
John swiftly tied him up, spreading his nude body across the bed in a vulnerable offering, and Sherlock squirmed consciously as John took in his exposed body. With a small smile, John tightened his leg restraints further, his legs stretching so far apart that his arsecheeks no longer pressed together, but rather his small pucker was exposed to the cool morning air and John's heated gaze.
The princess gasped quietly and lowered her eyes from the daring soldier in front of her. She was suddenly reminded that John had seen far more of her than just her lips, and Sherlock flushed at the reminder of their shared experience in the bath.
"Hello, love," she said kindly in a cooing voice one uses to placate children, her top bouncing as she hops closer to Sherlock, "I know you've had a fright at the hands of the master, but lets get a spot of tea and some biscuits in you so you feel good as new."
He was handsome, John admitted to himself with a cough, gesturing for the young man to come in and state his business with the tired, overworked doctor.
“I’ll not be needing that monstrosity, Mrs. Hudson, as I will not be attending,” Sherlock replied imperiously, stepping on top of her settee and plopping down, watching her overlarge dressing gown float around her as she settled back to lounge and reorganize her mind palace.
When John asked why someone like Sherlock would care about the solar system, the younger man just looked at him with twinkling eyes and said, "I can appreciate beauty in many things, even when beauty is difficult to see or understand."
“Sherlock, are you feeling quite alright?” John asked, confused by the books erratic and clumsy behavior when he had only known Sherlock to be graceful and put together.
John pushed in, his seemingly inexorable length filling Sherlock, who gasped at the girth entering his virginal body. After a few inches, he gasped in pain, shutting his eyes, and John stopped moving immediately.
In the next moment, Sherlock sighed, and John opened his eyes briefly to see Sherlock’s eyes fluttering in pleasure from John’s kisses alone, his cheeks flushed John’s new favorite color; a mix of scarlet and pink rose.
When Sherlock heard John lingering at the door, he huffed, rolling his eyes, "I'm busy with an experiment John, go away."
After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock's boredom began to rise, as well as his frustrated arousal, and his mind began to race with memories of his and John's many adventures over the past three months. One particular memory stood out from the rest, and Sherlock remembered each heartbeat, shiver, and trickle of sweat in his tangible mind palace.
Then she turned and walked slowly to the door, feeling the heated grey eyes following her every move.
Mrs. Hudson sighed in exasperation, “Sherlock, please be more careful or you’ll break your neck! This is Captain John Watson, she is to be your new bodyguard. You've already made her acquaintance, so be nice.”
John began to slow the kisses after a while and the kiss came to a natural conclusion with light pecks exchanged until both men’s breathing had evened out. John stood back, and looked at the disheveled man in front of him. Sherlock looked utterly debauched with red, shining lips and his curls fluffed from John stroking during the kiss, his cheeks flushed a deep crimson from exertion and, John deduced, his natural newness to romantic intimacy. Realizing Sherlock Holmes, the great detective and genius, was blushing from a few of John's kisses cause a fierce surge of happiness through John that he couldn't ignore, and the doctor was looking forward to kissing his love many, many times if it would receive such sweet reactions from the supposedly "cold and calculating" detective.
“You’re completely at my mercy like this, my beautiful boy,” he reminded Sherlock, his eyes shining with dark promise as he began to thrust even harder, his length seeming to split Sherlock in two with the length delving into his most private place. Sherlock felt completely exposed, John fucking him still in his jumper and through his underwear; Sherlock, naked and panting, pink from rapid blood flow in his arms.
“John, are you ready to go?” Sherlock called, and heard John rustling around in the bedroom. Following the sound, Sherlock pushed open the door to find the army doctor wearing tight royal blue pants, Sherlock’s violet button down shirt which was a little tight around the middle but accentuated his arms, and a bright pink cap on top of his head.
“Come on John, he’s getting away,” Sherlock cried with a voice of enthusiasm rather than irritation, the trill of the chase already pumping through his veins, and John fought down a smile at the precious detective in order to focus on what he had said.
John tried to take a few steps towards the bedroom, but his iron clad control could withstand the throbbing pleasure no longer, the feeling of Sherlock literally in his complete control, squirming on his cock with no where to go, being denied pleasure by John.
“We are eating dinner whether you like it or not, Sherlock,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s huff, and went to pick up his phone.
He leaned away from John’s touch slowly and cleared his throat, “y-yes I imagine that we do need to talk.” Sherlock trails off and John encourages him with a nod, his body turned to be completely facing Sherlock on the couch and his expression and body language open and relaxed.
Mycroft was twenty-seven now, invested in helping his father with his business transactions and looking to become involved with the government sometime soon. Katherine, a loud girl who was constantly in motion had recently turned twenty-four and was searching for just the right man to marry. Sherlock scoffed at his sister's ramblings, but anyone could see the spark of interest in his eyes when his sister would start rambling about "true love." Sherlock, the youngest, had just reached the age of majority- twenty one. And yet, with Sherlock's curiosity and spark for life, one could mistake him for a bit younger, a youthful innocence surrounding the young man despite the cruelty he faced from others.
Moriarty scoffed, snatching the mirror away and looking at the beast and then back to Sherlock’s face as he watched the creature with a tender expression tinged in sadness. Sherlock held
The scent of jasmine filled the room and she felt the curls at the nape of her neck wetly pressing against her skin.
John smiled at the adorable shyness of his moody detective, and began to gently nip at his plush lower lip, seeking access to his mouth by stroking his tongue across the seem until Sherlock’s mouth opened with a gasp. The kiss became heated quickly, as John grasped the detective’s face in his strong hands and took control of the kiss, backing Sherlock up until he was flush with the door, moaning lightly into John’s mouth, as John tasted the sweetness of too sugary tea on his tongue. John moved his hands up Sherlock's face and into his curls, lightly tugging at the silky strands like he had always dreamed of, basking in the sweet sighs coming from the younger man against the door.
His battalion, a brave group of men who fought together in the day and drank together at night. John had lost many of those men, and realized that his deep bonds to them all caused him to be too emotional, too weakened, so he hardened himself. No more conversations about home, their wives, their children or their lovers. No more deep bonds that flow between soldiers who risk their lives and hide little because of it. John became their commanding officer and prince, and nothing more. It was better that way.
Sherlock’s heartbroken outburst had settled down into quiet weeping, but he still clutched the beast close; to be with him in death, it seemed.
The beast stood up as soon as Sherlock walked into the room, going to great him and bowing automatically, as if a reflex from his past life. Sherlock smiled at the thought of the human man shining through the beast, and took the offered arm, allowing himself to be led to the table and seated, and ignoring Lestrade who was making kissing faces at him.
She snuck in the corner of the curtain swiftly, pulling it closed and reaching for the corset quickly, avoiding looking at Sherlock’s undressed body. She was a professional indeed, Sherlock noted as she began expertly untying the strings to the complicated garment and calling Sherlock over.
“B-but, why?” Sherlock’s voice broke, and she looked away from John in embarrassment, not used to being surrounded by so much emotion.
John looked at ease with Sherlock’s acerbic response, and rubbed the back of her neck bashfully, stepping closer to the princess until they both hid behind the large, marble pillar. It felt- intimate.
“Well, lets see what Sherlock has to say, shall we?” Moriarty proclaimed, unperturbed, as he danced back over to Sherlock to peer up into his face, a wicked gleam in his eyes.
Sherlock scanned the room slowly, trying to focus on the people in front of him and not the army doctor pulling him close, whispering sweet words into his ear.
But the worst, so it was told, was the fate of the Iris women- young and old- who lay, bleeding and motionless, on the cold stone pave ways, their clothing torn and tattered from the hands of greedy, grasping men who took and took and
Once again, I apologize for the wait [insert reasoning about work, daily life, and generic reasons here].But honestly, I'm glad to be back and I hope you all enjoy this chapter!
Sherlock felt the haziness that had settled over the world since his punishment, the slightly confusing, single-minded focus of
John smiled indulgently up at Sherlock, reminiscing about how adorable his lover always appeared when in his element.
John’s eyes twinkled with mischief as he pressed just a bit and Sherlock’s opened, the softly bristled washcloth being pressed in with John’s finger.
John watched the white foam fall from Sherlock’s alabaster skin which was held a rosy undertone from the warm bath and intimate discussion, and he felt himself grow hard.
John allowed Sherlock to walk ahead of him through the door, the air tensed with adrehiline and anticipation, and as soon as the door closed, John turned to find Sherlock on his knees, his mouth opened and wet with saliva.
John picked up the magic mirror, and interrupting Sherlock's musing, told him to speak his father’s name.
“You’re going to come,” John promised, leaning in to ghost his breath over Sherlock’s ear where he sat panting, “from my voice alone.”
“No,” John answered, kissing down Sherlock’s abdomen and ignoring Sherlock’s huff of annoyance, “We are going to take our time, because it is our first time, and I want it to be special. For both of us,” John explained, and Sherlock watched him closely for a moment before nodding in agreement, his head flopping back on the pillow and motioning for John to carry on.
Sherlock, still completely blissed out and lightly moaning, was shocked when a pair of lips captured his. John swallowing the luscious moans from the first orgasm of many he was going to bestow on his gorgeous detective.
Sherlock moaned in delight, distracting John from his sentimental musings, the vibrations moving from his lips to John’s cock, and suddenly the man could take no more teasing.
faster, harder!” John demanded, but Sherlock shook his head with a smile, despite his desperate need to bury himself in John’s wet heat and never leave, he knew that John needed this, to truly let go.
Sherlock huffed at that, and internally John had to agree, Sherlock was not known to be temperate. However, Sherlock was too lucid if he was still poking fun at the poems.
“I need to grab something, brace your hands against the mantle and wait,” John whispered in his ear, grasping Sherlock’s neck tightly in his grip. Sherlock shivered at the words and John’s hand on his sensitive neck, steading him.
“You’re so cute, I don’t know how I kept my hands off of you for so long,” John murmured into the hushed tranquility surrounding the two men.
Mrs. Hudson watched his expression with growing understanding, “you’ve learned to love. So you're letting him go.”
“I suspected you had a bit of a daddy kink, and trust me, I love it,” John finished for him unselfconsciously, and Sherlock moved to leap from the bath in embarrassment at John
"Yes, I know Mrs. Hudson, but I still believe that we should explain some things before the master wakes up."
I know I have a pair somewhere, John thought as he rifled in his closet, finding an old duffle bag and flicking it open, finding the unopened package he had always wanted to use, but none of his old girlfriends had been up for it.
As if by unspoken mutual decision, both men sat up and began unbuttoning their shirts, turning away from each other and sitting on opposite edges of the bed to take off their trousers, pants, shoes and socks.
John glanced away from Sherlock’s naked form in order to concentrate, his brow furrowed, “why? It’s just a fundraiser, right?”
John leaned up, grabbing the back of Sherlock’s head and beginning to kiss him more roughly, fighting for dominance of the moment, but Sherlock slowed the kisses, nipping at John’s lower lip in punishment when he tried to rush through.
, John, please,” Sherlock whined, unable to be sure what he truly wanted; he felt like a glutton, begging for more as his mind floated away from all rationality that he normally craved. He was at his basest, most vulnerable and human in these moments that he shared with John.
Sherlock ignored the shivers brought on by John’s easy handling of her. The female guard was so strong, she carried Sherlock as if she was no heavier than a kitten.
He quickly disrobed until he was standing practically naked in the dressing room with only his underwear on. Refusing to look in the mirror, Sherlock slipped the garment over his head and felt it fall around him, fitting perfectly.
John’s lips turned up at the sight, and he leaned forward unthinkingly to kiss Sherlock on the forehead, breathing in his earthy, flowery smell that reminded John of his salvation. As he observed Sherlock closer, he saw a smattering of freckles over his nose, a mole marring his otherwise porcelain neck, and a swell of a little tummy where his shirt had ridden up on his otherwise lithe body. John fell in love with the small bits of proof that his love was human, the most human being he had ever witnessed, and not the genius who was without emotions, but rather the genius who felt emotions too well, who needed someone to protect his heart.
The curly haired man whined, his opening fluttering as he clenched down purposefully, pushing John to allow him to come, but John would have none of it.
It was the most candid Sherlock had ever been with John since their first meeting, and John absorbed the words for a moment.
John observed Michael for a moment longer before nodding with a sigh, “I know. Thank you for this Michael, you really are a handsome sort,” John replied with a teasing wink, watching as the younger man's ears pinked once more.
When John awoke it was with a gasp, flying up into a sitting position with her back ramrod straight and prepared for battle.
Sherlock shivered as John nodded once definitely and led them towards the street to hail a cab, “I’m going to make sure you never forget that again.”
John took a deep breath and released it, feeling utterly content to lie there until Sherlock beckoned for him to follow. John knew that while he may have the upper hand in their physical relationship, that Sherlock was still Sherlock and dominated his work and the world at large.
at the thought of Sherlock finding these panties and wearing them, for John. He never wanted Sherlock to take them off. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, pulling him back into his arms and smiling delightedly as he watched his lower cheeks jiggle at the movement.
“Where is Sherlock going?” She asked, ignoring his growls, as she was wont to do. John shook his head; mustering up what little energy he had left.
Sherlock flinched away from the look, remembering John’s assertion that he often acted cruelly, like a machine, and he backed up slowly as his mind raced.
“Look at how your cheeks jiggle for me, your backside is so deliciously plump,” John commented off handedly, his eyes closing in pleasure at Sherlock’s embarrassed hiccup that he tried to muffle with the couch cushions.
Meanwhile, Molly and Lestrade were listing other places in the castle they could go explore, and Sherlock overheard the word library.
“John? What are you waiting for?” Sherlock asked in a seemingly bored tone, having picked up his beautiful violin and was plucking carelessly at the strings with his dexterous fingers while John looked at him, frozen in the past that seems to loom over the flat even now.
She hadn’t been smacked in years, the indignity of even the suggestion! Suddenly, standing there naked was uncomfortable, and she nodded slightly in chastisement, looking down.
And flowers were the reason Sherlock was currently holed up in their bathroom at 221B, trying to calm her frazzled nerves.
you,” Sherlock whispered, looking down- and that was new- at the man who once stood seven feet tall with fangs and claws. Now he looks like a man, just like anyone else. Still, it was John, and Sherlock knew that no matter the form, his beast that he fell in love with resided in this man, this amazing man, whom he loved.
John watched Sherlock clench his eyes shut, two glistening tear tracks making their way down his sharp cheekbones, and John reached out to gently wipe them away, watching Sherlock nuzzle his face into the fur of his palm.
“Now, young man, what seems to be troubling you today?” John asked, adopting his “I’m-a-nice-doctor” tone as he glanced at the man- no,
“Sherlock," John quietly prompted after a while, “I need to know how you feel so we can figure this out. We don’t need to do anything more than this,” John remarked, enjoying the friendly intimacy between the two men in the flat at the moment, “but if you want more than this, we need to talk about it, love.”
He latched his lips around the pink hole, suckling gently and tonguing just inside, holding Sherlock by his hips so he couldn’t escape. The pink entrance was clenching around his tongue, but was opening easily, and John smiled against Sherlock’s alluring pucker.
“The master told me you must go to your father,” she announced gently, and Sherlock nodded, the words clogged in his throat.
Despite her love of everything scientific and logical, Sherlock had a small spark of optimistic emotionalism buried in her self-proclaimed shriveled heart.
Sherlock asked breathlessly, his mind slow from sleep, but John continued to lick and kiss at the sweet opening.
John went over to Sherlock’s dresser, grabbing a pair of pajama bottoms and walking back over to his bed, laying the bottoms down and reaching over to begin undressing the oddly non-verbal man.
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed, moaning the next moment when John thrust up harshly in delicious punishment.
The murderer was waiting around the corner for the lanky detective to come near enough, stepping into John’s line of vision about twenty meters away and facing Sherlock. With a twisted smile at the army doctor, he pulled out a revolver, leveling it at Sherlock with a steady arm in the next moment.
” Sherlock spits the word as if it is an uninteresting case, “for you have not diminished with time, but have grown. I missed you, every day when I was away.” Sherlock admitted, peering down at his hands that were nervously clutched together, “and when I came back to you, I foolishly believed that you would have waiting for me as I did for you.”
“Well, aren’t you full of surprises tonight, love,” John’s low voice echoed through the quiet room, and Sherlock’s bum rose slightly higher in invitation. John shook his head with a chuckle, his pants feeling significantly tighter against his burgeoning erection, but he held back. He wanted to drive Sherlock mad with pleasure before taking his fill.
“Yes, I know. I will miss you all,” Sherlock said with a thick voice, leaning down to pick up Mrs. Hudson gently and place a kiss on her ceramic cheek, “please give Rosie my love.”
,” John begged, writhing on the sheets and trying to escape the insurmountable pleasure, but Sherlock was unyielding in his torment, beginning to press a finger inside of John, immediately finding his sweet spot and stroking over it with precision.
The two men broke apart, breathing slightly unevenly as they turned to look at the now indignant four year old who had crossed her chocolate covered arms in annoyance.
“Hello love, looking a bit flushed, ay?” John asked innocently, leaning up to press a kiss against Sherlock’s smooth cheek and nipping lightly.
“Yes!” Molly exclaimed, her tiny clock face lighting up and the pendulum in her torso rocking faster back and forth with excitement as she stumbled over her words, “I-yes-l-let’s go now then, shall we?"
for me now,” he praised, wiping a few stray tears away, and Sherlock preened under John’s affection. John rolled his eyes and looked down, noticing Sherlock’s arousal, which had flagged somewhat from the punishment and his stinging bottom, was now back full force.
No matter how much he shifted, the dildo was designed with ribs and ridges and torment and tease Sherlock from the inside.
“John, I-I don’t know if you’ll like it,” Sherlock called embarrassedly from behind the privacy screen, and John watched his lean silhouette flickering in the candlelight, just enough to tease, and licked his lips hungrily, thinking of the exposed skin hiding just beyond the screen. But John was a patient man, and he knew that he had to soothe his young, inexperienced lover.
“Take my waist,” Sherlock whispered, turning to face John and stepping close. John’s confusion only lasted a moment, before his eyes widened.
“John, do you want to maybe, take pictures of me,” Sherlock muttered, looking back to the phone with a feigned apathetic tone. John stared at him in confusion, looking between Sherlock and his phone is a crinkle between his eyes, lines deepening the creases in his forehead.
The good doctor licked his lips and pulled out his phone, snapping a quick picture in the twilight laden bedroom, wanting to preserve the sweet sight of his love looking simultaneously sensual and adorable all at once.
Turning on the facet, John undressed himself but decided to tend to Sherlock first, lowering him into the warm bathwater and kneeling by the tub, beginning to clean his dirty lover.
Instead of becoming frightened, Sherlock was intrigued by the lack of wildlife, and the sickening twisting of the trees as they continued down the rocky pathway.
Mycroft’s lips pressed together for a moment before he explained, “Because you are the princess of this nation, and that is what princesses do to provide for their nation- they look pretty and they have advantageous marriages to help their war-torn nations stay afloat.”
While the princess was frantically pressing down her curls, Mrs. Hudson strolled in with her usual fervor, “Sherlock, we need to discuss- what are you doing in bed at this hour? Are you sick?” Mrs. Hudson hurried over to check on her ward while Sherlock took a deep breath to control herself.
I hope you are all well and that you enjoy this short chapter. I am hoping to get more inspiration for this fic, and I have a few more ideas up my sleeve, so don't worry!
“Have dinner with me tonight,” the beast said out of nowhere, and Sherlock looked at him with a bemused expression.
“Now Sherlock, can I introduce you to his royal highness Prince James Moriarty of the Southern kingdom.”
he cried, tears flowing quickly now down his cheeks as he held onto John’s back, his hands grasping at him for dear life in a desperate prayer to not let go.
Sherlock knew he wanted to surprise the man that night, because although Sherlock felt self-conscious about his lack of experience, he knew John was more….
“Stand up,” John commanded, and Sherlock did, tilting slightly at the vertigo but righting himself after a moment.
“P-Please, John, please-“ Sherlock rambled, his eyes glassy with pleasure. John growled lowly in his throat.
“Am I interrupting?” A soft voice echoed in the vast bedchambers, and Sherlock spun around to positively scream at the intruder and vent her rage on the unforeseen target, until she saw who it was.
But Sherlock, sensing John's unease with the subject of dissecting her sexuality, just nodded her head and went over to the violin, beginning to play a slow song with undercurrents of longing.
, Sherlock’s cock released a flood of wetness over his abdomen as he cried out, all of his words jumbled and incomprehensible, except for one.
John slammed the mirror down, breathing heavily, unwilling to look at such a scene while he was locked away, even if it is self-imposed. John looked down and saw his paws with the razor sharp claws attached, and curled his hands into remnants of fists.
Sherlock was surrounded by wolves, trying to fend them away from him and his horse, who appeared to be caught on a branch. With a roar, he turned the lowly predators to face him, and as a group they attacked. He fought bak viciously, clawing every which way to hurt the animals, but there were too many. They tore at his clothes, biting into the scruff of his neck and and meat of his legs.
"There, better?" She asked teasingly, her bare breasts touching the sheer paneling of Sherlock's lingerie. Sherlock panted harshly and looked down, seeing the beautiful bare breasts for her perusal and moved her hand down to touch.
Sherlock’s skin was glistening from the constant squirming, fighting to get away but also push down on the varying vibrations and pulsations emanating from his pink, clenching pucker.
But there was nothing Sherlock could do, John had him trapped, and if he were honest, there was nowhere he wanted to escape to.
," John hummed, causing goosebumps to break out over Sherlock's chest and arms as the vibrations stole from his sensitive rim and through his body that was already covered in a sheen of sweat from their activities. John locked his lips around the sensitive rim that tasted like salt, ginger, and something distinctly Sherlock as his thick tongue began to wriggle inside of Sherlock, much to the younger man's outward delight.
“You’re bloody gorgeous,” John’s voice ground out, standing up and walking around Sherlock slowly, a predator prowling around his prey.
“I enjoyed that,” he remarked, and John chuckled, pressing his detective closer and kissing him, a smile still stretching his lips as he contemplated his adorable, innocent, and yet somehow obliviously lewd detective.
Sherlock waited until the last flames had receded into the tree line before pulling out the small knife he had stolen, thankful that it did not fall during the scuffle, and began to pick the lock on the cage with precision, his fingers trembling slightly with adrenaline and fear.
an amused female voice sounded from no-where, startling Sherlock and John, until Sherlock remembered the Enchantress and relaxed slightly, listening for the final message,
John let out a short laugh at that, looking up into Sherlock’s virescent eyes: “I’m glad, because you’re never taking them off.”
He took a deep breath, and went the bathroom, undressing completely and looking at himself in the mirror.
“Hey John, do you want to grab a coffee or tea?” Michael asked sweetly, and John nodded, getting up with a smile to order a small cup of earl grey, taking the steaming mug back to Michael, and sitting down with a smile.
“Er… No, not particularly,” Sherlock answered, twiddling his hands together in an uncharacteristic fashion as the woman went over to a shelf and started picking out some items.
John handed Sherlock his cup of tea, blowing on his own to cool it before taking a sip, settling down in his armchair across from the detective who was busy reading through his e-mail.
Wriggling his tongue into the tight channel laying before him like a meal before a starving man, John relentlessly pleasured Sherlock, sucking at the sensitive rim and refusing to stop even after Sherlock’s cries died down into oversensitive whines.
Sherlock continued dressing, pausing after a moment when he realized John had never responded. Turning around, he saw John oscillating in the doorway, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly.
Sherlock's first time: riddled with fluff and love-making. I think I gave myself a cavity this time. Enjoy.
Left alone, Sherlock marched back over to her dressing table and slumped down, burying her head in her arms with a sigh.
“I know, usually I prefer jumpers to be honest,” he said in complete honesty, pulling at he military jacket with discomfort.
John smiled, completely besotted with the adorable man beneath him, and finally delved deeper, poking at and around the still saliva soaked pink hole nestled between the two cheeks.
John torn off his clothes with a growl, noting that Sherlock seemed unable to look away from his sizable cock once it was unclothed, and he tilted sherlock's chin up from his member, "Like what you see, love?" He teased, kissing lightly at his lips, lingering and making Sherlock crave his lips more, licking licking at his bottom lip in teasing torment.
“You didn’t ask for permission,” John said in a mock-disappointed tone, but Sherlock’s curls sprung up from the bed as he realized his error.
His arms went slack in their bindings, his head falling back in groaning acceptance of John’s control over his body and pleasure.
Sherlock laid down, with his hips over the pillow and placing his bum up in the air, looking over to John with dark eyes and wiggling his arse suggestively.
John watched, his mouth gaping, as Sherlock stood in front of him, clutching his arms self-consciously in front of him which were spreading with goosebumps as John’s eyes roamed up and down his bare legs, settling on the bulge in his small panties that fit him perfectly, squeezing and cradling his half hard cock.
Sherlock’s cum dripped down his neck, a flowing path moving downwards to settle in a defined collarbone, and John licked him lips hungrily at the sight.
After a few more moments of them lying there, breathing on another in, John nodded for him to start moving with a shaky gasp, and Sherlock began to rock slowly, teasingly in and out, barely moving for a moment to allow John to become accustom to the manhood splitting him open.
Sherlock peered over the crime scene distractedly, willing the blush from his cheeks, before his mind began racing.
“Now Sherlock, it's time for your bath, don’t go running off now,” Mrs. Hudson reminded, and Sherlock allowed herself to be led into the attached bath, glancing back at the door where the lonely soldier was standing guard.
John, can’t,” Sherlock panted, completely lost to his pleasure, the color high on his cheeks. Within remorse, John continued to stroke in teasing, sure circles around the small nub inside of his lover until his pink cock dripped out a small amount of cum.
And besides, Sherlock would most likely have to get married to that man who threatened his father if he could not think of another solution, but John wouldn’t discount Sherlock’s cleverness.
Observing his young lover for a moment longer, John couldn't control the grin that spread across his face. Sherlock was simply adorable, even after months of marriage, John was still able to make him blush like the first time.
Candles lit the room in a soft glow, making it all the more romantic, much to Sherlock’s inner happiness. The bedposts had been replaced and new bedclothes covered the large bed in the center of the room with large pillows adorning it, and Sherlock wanted to do nothing but relax back into the sinfully soft looking bed, but blushing slightly, remembering how they were planning on soiling that bed in the near future...
John bore the verbal attack with her usual stoicism, but Sherlock saw her flinch when she belittled her station. Sherlock knew John prided herself on rising through the army, through the King’s guards, and she would hate to be reminded of her unpleasant familial past.
John slide a new pair of underwear and Sherlock’s pajama bottom’s on his unconscious form, and then raced into the hallway to handle his arousal.
"This vibrator is controlled by this remote," John said, pulling on pants and trousers as he gestured to the small, innocent looking device in his hand, "so I will be controlling the settings from the sitting room while I watch the game, imagining you in hear, trying to stifle your moans and whimpers while I control your body."
Sherlock took John’s hand, and led him the edges of the dance floor, where other couples were turning gracefully to the beautiful music, swirls of colors from women’s dresses making the scene dreamlike.
After a while of meandering, Sherlock found a winding staircase made of stone and wood, largely uninteresting compared to the rest of the castle. The feature of interest, however, was in the nail markings on the wooden door, as if someone has been dragged through against their will.
“Beautiful,” John whispered into the early morning light, pulling Sherlock up by the lapels of his dressing gown and then pulling it slowly from his shoulders, allowing it to pool around his hips and leave his torso bare.
To finally be home, with his papa, was all Sherlock had truly wanted only two months ago, crying in his bedchambers at night in the enchanted castle and wishing more fervently than he had ever wished before. But now, after everything, Sherlock could not help but miss John with a present ache in his chest.
