Sherlock shuffled uncomfortably in his apparent near nakedness. Even though he hated to admit it, he did fear death. He knew that logically nothing lay beyond death; nothing awaited him once he was in his coffin. There was no enlightenment to find, he didn’t even fear the act of dying. It was the ceasing to exist, the nothing. The fact that his head would no longer run. Sometimes a non-spinning mind is what he has craved, which may be why he uses. But for it to never run ever again, no thinking or moving pieces around in his magical palace. No he wouldn’t die from overdose. That wouldn’t do. He’d die solving a case, drug free meaning his mind is fully functional. He’d die thinking about hard difficult things that normal people avoid with their meager distractions. When he dies his brain will be at 100%. No drugs it is.
Sherlock now stood about a meter from the bed and he had both of his hands in the air in what could only be described as submission. At this point in time there were six people all in black, faces covered, pointing guns at both Sherlock and John. Sherlock was perfectly calm, or at least he appeared to be, and he continued to attempt to keep John calm, “John everything is going to be alright.”
John, Mary and Sherlock sit down and John asks the necessary.
Sherlock and John are finally flying back to London to reemerse themselves in this open ended case that is Eleanor Scott. On the flight they joke, discuss tactics and John goes over his feelings for Sherlock and what they mean.
Time for the tricky questions x
John, and I don't mean the kind of twisted fun I have when there is a corpse in the room, or a dangerous situation at hand, I mean a high from just being with another person, you are making me an extrovert John, a gold fish fucking extrovert, but only with you and it is fascinating, we need to make experiments around this John because how the fuck do you do this to me, we went crabbing for fuck sake, how do you make every zone a comfort zone, it is bizarre I feel like a new person, and I am so confused and slightly concerned by it but simultaneously I don't care, because as long as we work together I think I will be happy and I won't feel lonely. My whole life I have watched countless social interactions and seen how people fuck one another over time and time again and I never saw it, saw why people enjoy others company, and now you have come along and I see in my own life that I can, I can enjoy being with people, but maybe it is only you John, I don't think I could live with anyone else, it doesn't make sense for that to be needed, I feel I'm becoming dependent on you and I hope that is okay."
"For the first time in your life Sherlock, you are going to hear these words and you are going to believe them. You. Are. Wrong." Sherlock looked up at his friend and their eyes joined for the first time during this conversation. Sherlock smiled, no one had ever fought for him before. John returned the same smile. He lifted up a hand and pointed at Sherlock as if accusing him of belligerence. "Sherlock you push everyone that cares about you away, I don't know why, I don't know if you are even aware of it, but if you are and you think it improves your work, you are wrong. People help people. Friends help friends. I Sherlock, me, I am not going anywhere. Even if I annoy the fuck out of you, I am not leaving. I have never felt so alive and so needed in my entire existence, and I served in the army for fuck sake!!" Both men shared a comforting laugh. "Yes you hurt people, your words hurt me just now Sherlock, but I am stronger than anyone you have ever met in your whole god damned life and you can say anything to drive me away and I promise I will only meet it with a stubborn nature and an unmoved mind. I will not walk away from this, from what we have created, I will not walk away from you."
“Or risk taker, interesting. Noticed the travel books?"
Sherlock nodded, soft and grateful at the offer, with that John went and set about one of his favourite routines- tea making. Gracefully darting from collecting mugs, to teabags, to a teaspoon, to milk; all whilst the kettle boiled obviously. As he poured he began to whistle, Amazing Grace for some unknown reason, just popped into his head from apparently no where. Lifting the kettle high and pleasantly watching the steaming water stream in a watergaw arch all the way to join the ever filling mug. The milk dispersed like that of an unfolding umbrella, and when stirred the cloud became one desirable brown colour. On returning to the living room with a smug face, John found Sherlock was not there to receive his tea. Maybe he'd gone to get dressed.
Sherlock and John have caused an emergency plane stop. Sherlock is hurt, really hurt, he's internally bleeding and his lungs have been beaten to a pulp. He's rushed to hospital and all John can do is watch. In post-op John has some alarming change of thought, which leads to a potential life changer, not only for him, but for his detective.
Sherlock laid these out too, surrounding the central papers which appeared even more complicated. Once he was happy with their positioning, he stepped back to John's level of distance. He put a twitchy hand to rest on its opposing ribcage and resting his elbow on the now barred arm. He nibbled on his thumb and blinked hard in concentration, eyes never moving away from the papers. John just watched and waited patiently, patient for whatever bombshell was about to be brilliantly dropped.
John was now becoming so agitated that he simply had to pace. He wasn’t getting enough air. He walked with his mug from one wall to the next until he had no choice but to face Sherlock.
“Molly.”
“Oh, just milk.”
Follow Cleopatra at High Tide
They knew Heathrow well and proceeded to swiftly exit the terminal, they entered Sherlock's favourite transport, the black taxi, their driver's card stuck to the perspex barrier informed them their driver was called Rajesh Pankhania. An excellent London name. One of the reasons why Sherlock loved London was just how multicultural it was. Every culture and creed was represented amongst it's winding streets. Every face was different and it made everything and everywhere in London interesting. Fascinating, secret and assuredly different from the rest of England, and many other cities around the world. Sherlock had several documents saved on his apple laptop awaiting at 221b Baker Street, all of which encapsulated Sherlock's love for London. He felt the essay in particular that assuredly described his feelings the most was entitled
Sherlock's grumpy gaze slowly turned to meet John's unsympathetic stare, "John it is most certainly not fine, the case, have you completely forgotten about the case! We have been stuck in Nanjing for five days John, five! Think of all that may have gone on in all that time John! Five days! The murderer has probably fled from England at this point and Lestrade is as useless as always! How can he have not got the hand writing of the brother yet!" Sherlock's hands moved from their crossed position to be splayed in the air and waved about to match the obvious dramatist that splurged from his words.
At this stage all of the flight attendants where trying to pick John up to get him back into his seat. Once they managed they buckled both he and Sherlock into their seats, as you would imagine a parent would buckle a small child in to reduce as much havoc as possible. They still hysterically laughed for the next eight minutes. Once they calmed down, wiped the tears from their cheeks for the second time in this flight, the female flight attendant informed them, “there is still four hours of this flight left, that is enough time to, erm, to sober up,” she laughed nervously, “if you could maybe pay your bill now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They both took a sip before Sherlock said "John we need to think tactics, brother in interview." John nodded enthusiastically and made several 'hmm' noises in agreement. Sherlock continued, "this is a man who has been involved in the smuggling lark, he knows partially what he is doing, also to have an incest relationship you need to be, well a particular kind of person." John interrupted "hm yes, bat shit crazy." Sherlock and he giggled once more, such a relief, to be giggling properly, together again. Sherlock and John were beginning to leave the stress behind them, it ebbed from their now clean skin (airport showers) and their words were much more freeing than the previous fortnight or so. What with the gangs threats looming over them and Sherlock's nonstop pain. That was all starting to be a part of the past, their past. Now it was on to better things, and both parties were more than pleased to be back on the case, especially with resolution to the case in sight.
John attempted to bring him back. “Sherlock, what’s wrong? Was it something I said?” Without changing his gaze or his stature, Sherlock responded, “two things actually.”
Once they were ready to go, the next mountain was just getting Sherlock to move. He was in a lot of pain, and the weakness in him was unavoidable despite his stubborn will power. John then had an idea. He picked up the landline phone and dialed to the hotel reception on the many floors below his feet. Before the unsuspecting employee had time to go through the whole script John said “Hello there, may we have a wheelchair taken up to room 506 please? Make it quick. Thank you.” John then hung up the phone and within three minutes of anxious pacing, on Johns part, there was a knock on the door. John practically ran to the door to find a very happy Chinese man with a wheelchair. John could have clapped. On seeing Sherlock the man was immediately concerned, on voicing his worry it became clear that his English was really not up to scratch. “Man, hurt, we, phone hospital.’” The last thing John wanted was more time wasted. “No no, really that is okay, he’s okay.” John got Sherlock’s wallet from the desk and forced some notes into the mans hand before practically man handling him out of the room, “thank you, thanks, okay bye now.” John shut the door and stood with his back touching the wood. He huffed and then walked over to a horrifically pale Sherlock. “Right Sherlock.” John wheeled the wheelchair to be right in front of his detective, a mere step away. John bent down and with Sherlock’s accommodating, he put his arm underneath Sherlock’s armpit on his good side to stretch around his back. With some huffing Sherlock was soon on his feet and he slowly sat in the chair with some painful hums.
Sherlock at this point had his hands placed delicately around one of the white boxes with delight placed across his eyes. On John’s question Sherlock’s face turned into the tale-tale signs of shock mixed with confusion. He looked at John and spluttered, “John, you don’t know what these are?! You lead an even sadder existence than I even imagined.”
(See the end of the chapter for
* if anyone reading this is British you will understand the joy of finding that your seats are at a table on a train. It is like the rest of the train are peasants. If anyone from the rest of the world has train tables, let me know in the comments x)
(See the end of the chapter for
John ignored the games, “Hang on, ‘the way she went.’ How do you know how she died?”
“Unfortunately we cannot give you any anti-sickness medicine as some patients do experience hallucinations as a side affect, we also don’t give out sleeping pills if a patient is vomiting in the first night, which you are, unless you have any ideas Sherlock? They say you are a genius.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Until they Sing
Of all men to be lost to the bay
“Are you sure?”
“Author Charles Duhigg.”
John then almost jumped in excitement. “Sherlock as you say her body is unmarked, beside the bruising. So she has been tied up, then somehow died, and then the person who tied her up wanted her body to appear respectable to those who found her. She was found fully clothed in her bed right? But in the images of her body her hair looks like it has been recently brushed, and she has make up on. You could say she did this herself, but it’s unusual for someone to put makeup on just before going to bed. And it’s all definitely freshly applied; it doesn’t look as if it has been on her face the entire day. That suggests some emotion from the killer was there, adoration, respect, or something along those lines. In death they wanted her to look at her most beautiful. Bloody hell, that's twisted.”
John, Anderson and Sherlock arrive at the apartment of a dead woman to discover she had a very curious hobby...
Lestrade looked up in surprise, hearing a new voice in such a familiar environment was strange. “All of it Doctor Watson.”
“Sherlock!” She excitedly mused.
Paul Delaney was never to stay
The corner of Sherlock’s lips turned upwards as he chewed his first piece of garlic bread. John wasn’t wrong it was rather nice. They were only three moves into the game but John still felt confident he could beat the genius opposite him.
Sherlock sat in the seat opposite his brothers serious stare.
They could see the light from up the windy stairs coming into view.
The honey coloured drams were sat in front of them in no time at all, as Sherlock lifted it and sniffed at its contents, John downed the whole thing in one. "Another please" he gushed, turned out the barman spoke fluent English. A second dram sat in Johns hand whilst Sherlock swirled the first. Sherlock was right about one thing, John did indeed need whisky. "Your theories," John said, and it wasn't the whisky that was the only thing that was harsh, "they're all bollocks."
Sherlock smiled, "I like your thinking Doctor Watson." So with that, it was home ward bound for the crime solving duo to get onto the next case that lay ahead.
“Okay fine.”
Everything was a complete blur. John sat in the back of the ambulance, there were two people hovering over Sherlock, hooking him up to machines, slowing bleeding and preparing the hospital via phone of the what would be needed as soon as they arrived. Occasionally they asked John questions about how Sherlock came to be this way. John was too distraught to say anything of use. He would shake his head or just cast his eyes to the floor, unable to utter a syllable. Most of the time he tentatively watched Sherlock and the machine that monitored his breathing. Hoping that neither would stop. John more than anything just wanted Sherlock to open his eyes. To tell John that everything was okay and that he would make it through this. For Sherlock to promise that he wouldn’t leave. Sherlock always kept his promises. John knew that. They’d known each other maybe a month, and he knew that. He could not go back to what life was like before he met Sherlock. He couldn’t physically imagine it. As Sherlock was wheeled out of the ambulance and down a ramp to the tarmac, John couldn’t help but cry. His eyes stung and he wiped his face of water, he had to keep control for a little while longer.
I WATCHED HLV TONIGHT AND CRIED LIKE A BABE
John gave a wide smile and his response made Sherlock finally look at him, “no, and thank goodness you’re not.”
John now stood at his desk and began to laugh. Laugh just as he had when Sherlock and he ended up laughing so hard they ended up on the floor. John began to walk about his office. He strutted and walked as if he was raised out of a wheelchair by some gospel miracle. “SHERLOCK I’M WALKING. I CAN’T BELIEVE I AM JUST WALKING LIKE A NORAML HUMAN BEING. God it has been years. My leg! My leg no longer hurts. What did YOU DO ShErLoCk?!!”
The man who ran the show interrupted him. “Mr. Watson, we are letting you go with your lives so don’t try and test my patience.”
“Mycroft.”
This may confuse the absolute fuck out of you.
Bitch better werk
Sherlock flashed John a look, his brow now crinkled upright in excitement, John on the other hand wiped his top lip nervously and shifted on the balls of his feet, making his knees click once more. Dark curls leaned forward slowly, the boat shuddered as he did so, neither men believed in premonition, somehow though it felt as if the whole world was watching. Sherlock pinched the exposed corner and slipped it out, moving as slowly as if he was trying to detonate a live bomb. Labeled all along the rectangle card were the words 'fragile do not bend,' written in strong red, unwilling to be ignored and screaming for demands to be met. As long fingers began to pry the opening, John shifted nervously to check their onlookers were in fact preoccupied; no one was at the door nor helm, they were unwatched. John returned to watching Sherlock reveal the envelopes hidden contents. What was pulled out was a wad of crisp white paper. Stapled in a vary of manners making it obvious what was relevant to what. Sherlock skimmed them all, and after each one was assessed he passed it on to John to finalise his own findings. Most of it John could not make out, there was banal talk of percentages, shares and profits. How anti-climactic, something put at great pains of hiding and John could not understand any of it. He huffed, "I don't get it." Sherlock continued to look through his own stack, silent for a second, eyes moving frantically between words, webs interweaving in his mind palace, then all at once he was on his feet, laying the documents in an order. John followed, slower, Sherlock clicked his fingers and gestured to John's papers, unable to open his mouth through fear that his revelation would escape his head. John knew what he meant, and passed the sheets to his fake husband for the day.
John and Sherlock rushed about the bustling streets of London. When bumping into a stranger accidently Sherlock would ignore them, but John would give a hastily sorry in passing. Sherlock had a steely look on his face; nothing else mattered in his world but this case. John had no idea of the route they were taking. London was a big place, and even though John knew it well, at this speed, nothing looked familiar.
John did too momentarily, but mainly he watched Sherlock. He blew on his tea several beats before taking a hesitant sip; it was still far to hot and his lips tingled more than his tongue. There was further silence, even though John felt like this case, their second case together, had brought them closer together there was still a niggle. A niggle that had bothered him practically his entire life. What is the point of any of it? It was a question that had bothered him from puberty. It was not a even why are we here or how are we here. The great debate, the true tragedy behind the hero that is Hamlet, "to be or not to be." Haunted by a debate that will never be answered. John had days like this moment, days when he would awake and have to accept that today he would not see the point behind any of it. He had it staring at the sea on that bus on the way to Minehead. Admittedly he had had less of these moments since meeting Sherlock, of course he had found new purpose, but it was never something that truly went away. Sometimes the question was so present in his thoughts he had to voice it, "Sherlock what are we doing?" Sherlock looked from the ever blackening water and turned to his flat mate, "we're on a boat heading to France." John didn't wait a moment, further plunging into whatever needed said, "no, what are we
“Can we get two large vodka and cokes please?”
“Okay Sherlock breathe for a moment.” Sherlock visibly relaxed and opened his eyes for the first time since John started stitching. “Sherlock look at me please.” Sherlock looked at his doctor and smiled for the first time since they were reunited in that godforsaken room. He looked sleepy but at some ease. John however would not smile yet. “Sherlock are there any significant wounds on your lower half?”
"oh?"
Mary worries that she shall be discovered and John and Sherlock simply want some time alone.
hashtagilyall
“The game is on Watson! The game is on!”
“Surprisingly, Sherlock my reputation is not more important than you.”
needy af
“Eleanor Scott.”
“John just…” Sherlock impatiently took the trackies’ off of John and told John to “turn around.”
John allowed himself a brief chuckle. Sherlock didn’t see the humor in it.
Marjorie gave a semi-grunt before footling out of the room, closing the door behind her. Leaving the men in true privacy.
“No I’m afraid I don’t Sherlock but imagine you’ll tell me from your bank of wisdom.”
And minds freed from woes
Trapped beneath
(See the end of the chapter for
It turned out alright in the end, John just watched the country whizz past him, and before he knew it, they were at the sea. It came around all at once. The vast expanse of the blue, merging in one moment with both the sky and the curvature of the earth. John didn't want to blink, it had been so long since he had been to the sea, he'd forgotten the feeling it provided. A reminder of how small our own self importance is and how enlightening that can be. Sherlock saw John sit up tall as soon as the water came into view and it was curious. He thought of small children and how they are when looking out of a window on a plane. Being so amazed by it all, all the life that goes on. Sherlock was envious of John in that moment, he wanted to know what that was like. To feel all of life all at once. Sherlock crossed his arms and asked in a quiet husk, "you like the sea John?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John wanted to shake him, another criminal offence to add to the pile, it was commendable however, and he supposed it was all for a good cause, right? “So what will our names be?” Sherlock had it all figured out, and between coffee sips he had it all explained, “you will be Detective super intendant Williams…” John interrupted, “why Williams?” Sherlock was quick, “sounds English,” John quibbled, “sounds suspicious,” Sherlock was getting impatient, “wait Watson! For the love of God! Wait, the next bit is better.” John sat back and folded his arms in expectance, Sherlock took a short deep breath and continued, “I will be Detective Williams.” John pulled his head back in the most confused expression Sherlock had ever seen a human face contort, He then proceeded to throw both hands in the air, adding further to the apparent comical drama of his bemusing, “we can’t both be Williams! That defeats the entire purpose of espionage?!” Sherlock beamed a toothy grin, “but this is were it gets good John, we,” Sherlock gestured his hands between them both, “we play a married couple,” Sherlock widened his smile and his hands, “huh, yeah, right?” were the only words to follow from Sherlock’s lips, John remained frozen, even more confused than before, he was shocked still and unable to compute. He needed a reboot and Sherlock was becoming more impatient by the second, how could John not see how ingenious this was.
Sherlock wrote her name on the top left hand corner of the board in a very messy scrawl, but John could just make out the letters. In a flamboyant set of ‘T’s’ Sherlock then resumed his questioning, “Age and theory of death?”
John stood to pace but on his first step, there was a ping sound resounding amongst the many many people and a green number flashed next to their flight time. John and Sherlock both nearly strained their necks at the speed they went about focusing on the board. Gate number sixteen. It was all hands on deck and John was weaving Sherlock in between casual travelers, holidaymakers, all suitably relaxed, whilst John and Sherlock were fleeing for their lives. They reached gate number sixteen and John was covered from head to toe in sweat. He was breathing hard, the action of it made Sherlock painfully smile. Even Sherlock could begin to see a way out. He wouldn’t have been able to do any of it without John. He would have died hours ago without him. And even if he did some how survive, he never would have made it this far and he would be shipped back to that concrete room and been killed in god knows which way.
omfg ily all so fucking much
John pointed out two men who were in the aisle ahead who were putting their baggage into the overhead lockers. “What about them?”
“Yes of course John look at the handwriting.”
"Erm nah nah nah, nah man I didn't."
Sherlock opened the double doors with both hands in naturally the most dramatic way imaginable. John shortly followed and even though he had a severe determined face, he also had a glint in his eyes. This was it. Him and Sherlock Holmes on a case, literally out to discover and solve the death of a complete stranger. John could practically whistle. They turned and walked down an adjoining corridor, John wondered how Sherlock new where he was going then realised at how stupid that thought was. Of course Sherlock knew where he was going, this is where the dead people went.
“Well Dr. Watson, here we are. Let the mind games begin.”
“John, where are you going to live?”
After Sherlock’s speech he stood and clapped once before grabbing his coat and running out the door and down the stairs.
Both Mary and Sherlock witnessed John’s eyelids falter and then his body crumpled. Every belief John had built and molded from the death of his friend, a man he unashamedly loved and had complete trust in, had been sucked into a black hole. No wonder he fainted.
Sherlock made an irritated face before begrudgingly eating the banana and taking a gulp of water.
John practically jumped up in excitement for Sherlock finally being awake!! But Sherlock quietly hushed him with “John, John it’s okay I’m fine, everything is going to be okay, I promise, thank you for everything.” Sherlock pushed John with his hands on his shoulders, stronger than John thought possible, back down to a near-enough relaxed seating position. Their heads remained close, and their bodies were parallel, as if mirroring and reading one another to be perfectly in tune. John smiled a toothy smile, happy that his man was awake. Sherlock was awake. Awake and well. Yet, there was something, a flicker, just in an instant, everything seemed to change. Sherlock’s eyes cast down to John’s… mouth? Yes definitely his mouth, and John, now self-conscious licked his lips. Sherlock without re-catching John’s gaze closed his own eyes and went in with the assurance of a deity, and their lips connected.
“Sherlock living together will have at least definitely some differences, and if we are also working together we will get sick of each other, especially if we may disagree on a case.”
Okay I'm genuinely sorry.
John made a little nervous giggle before taking Sherlock’s King, and thus winning their short game of chess.
Sherlock responded without looking at the Doctor, still eyeing up the shelves.
Michael then hung up the phone, and John stopped trying to grab the phone off Sherlock. John rubbed his hands on his forehead in an attempt to calm himself down; it didn’t work. “Sherlock what the HELL are you doing?! His daughter was just murdered and you just called and told him all that! What if he goes round telling people?! And just, HIS DAUGHTER JUST DIED.” Sherlock had placed his phone back in his pocket and was now smoothing down the front of his suit jacket.
“I don’t know yet Sherlock, I have a sister who lives in Surrey so I may live with her for a while until I sort something out.”
“Alright then” John accepted. It was very early in the morning at this stage, what with the length of the flight and the time difference, and the two men needed some rest. “Sherlock I am going for a quick nap, besides I think the hangover might be kicking in.”
John and Sherlock said farewell to Mrs. Hudson and made their way up the short flight of stairs to the, their, flat. John’s new home. In admission on arriving at the door he realised he really hadn’t thought this through very much. He just followed his gut like he had his whole life. It felt right. Once the door swung open and they both walked through the door, Sherlock didn’t say anything he just took his whooshy coat off and hung it up on the wooden coat stand before walking around and checking everything was in tact. He didn’t check round to see if John had scarpered, he just continued as he would if John wasn’t there, or rather as if John had always been there.
Their second case together, on a platform in Somerset. John smiled, "what?" Sherlock asked with a quizzical grin, "erm nothing, just nice... platform, very, historical." was all John could muster. But Sherlock knew, he felt it too. Not to embarrass John he said an agreeing hum before informing John that "Steam trains ran through here originally, this station was built in 1842, it became popular fast due to its links to the opposing coasts, especially Penzance and Bath, Victorian gentry reeled in it their, and of course London, everybody loves London, trust no one who says they don't like London John, so it was not long until they had to build further platforms for the sheer demand of people using the trains from Taunton." John giggled. "How do you know so much shit, yet not know about our own royal family?" Sherlock waved his hands around as they exited the arguably in need of refurbishment station, "irrelevant unless to a case John." John shuddered as they departed through the doors and down the entrance steps, it was colder here than in the city. "Oh and the history of every English train station comes in handy does it?" John asked in clear mockery, Sherlock just said "yes" as confident as anything and John rolled his eyes.
Mycroft let out a slight disappointed chuckle. “Isn’t it obvious you need it? Your intelligence is suffering from it Sherlock, you believe it aids it, somehow you’ve convinced yourself that it makes you work better, but a high does nothing but lie to you Sherlock. Before long your brain will be nothing but scrambled egg, and one day you’ll come to me like you did all those years before and ask me to end your life because you were too much of a coward to do it yourself. I didn’t do it then, and I will not do it now. I am not going to sit by and watch you become a vegetable, a goldfish, you are so much more than that brother.”
There, previously tucked under the fold away was a open suitcase. It was most likely zipped on finding but of course Sherlock was not going to avoid hurting someones privacy in the name of a case, of this scale or any. John knelt down to Sherlock's level, his knees clicking as he did so, "what's in it?" Sherlock using his index and mid fingers pincered several items. "Mostly suits, suits for a large man," Sherlock raised an eyebrow in Johns direction, "there are some pin badges, bearing republican and american flags," Sherlocks sarcasm for the next item was evident, "charmingly there is also a badge bearing guns." John took this one from Sherlock and studied it intently, his tongue touching the roof of his mouth in concentration. Written along the two crossed fire-arms was the saying, "in god we trust." There were several bottles of Glenfiddich whisky and a hip flask, which Sherlock sniffed and practically gagged at. "Confirms alcoholism then," John commented, "just a bit" replied the detective. Sherlock sieved through the remainder of the contents, "socks, Hilfiger; expensive, a gift from someone he doesn't particularly like, given the holes and the smell, pair of shoes, cheap and old, unpolished; man did not care for his feet, a saint-James bible, despite drop in clericalism he clearly didn't completely drop beliefs and..." As Sherlock went to prod the next mundane item, the fabric on the bottom of the case slipped away, revealing a the corner of a large brown envelope.
“If you’ll have me Mary…”
“John why haven’t you opened them?”
As Sherlock began to be carried down the aisle, with the whole plane gawking at him, John could not help but shout, “his head needs to be up! He’ll choke on his own blood! Keep it up!!” With no reply, John just watched his only friend in this whole fucking country get further and further away from him. Once he was satisfied that he would make it off this plane, John collected his and Sherlock’s possessions. Their two suitcases, both of whose contents had been practically untouched. He caught no ones eye and the whole plane was in silence. You could hear a pin drop. John then took a deep breath and as he walked down the aisle, closely following behind his bleeding friend, he was aware of every single set of eyes on him.
In one swift motion the tape was ripped from John’s face and he whimpered from the sting. The larger of the two men got very close to John’s face, eye to eye, and said in perfect English. “You are John Watson, and you are prying in something that is bigger than you and your albeit smart friend.” With the simple sentence, the two men walked out the room and shut the door with a bang. There were no windows in the room, the only thing John could call company was the CCTV camera that was placed over the door. It pointed paranoid, directly at John and on John noticing the camera it made him shrink into himself. He could do nothing other than weep. He was so clueless, he didn't even know what time of day it was and this country was supposed to bring clues and adventure, not this. The man was right, this was bigger than him. An ordeal such as this is something many couldn’t cope with. During the war, at the time when John was a soldier, this was what he feared the most. A scenario in which he was away from his comrades, alone, in the dark unknown with nothing but the doubt in mind and the fear in his body. Where was Sherlock?
“Strange.”
Ignoring the sarcasm Sherlock continued his line of thought whilst John moved his own pawn from E7 to E5 so that it was placed directly in front of Sherlock’s moved pawn. “War. The game originates from India; the translation of the original name translates as ‘four divisions’, as in of the military; infantry, cavalry, elephantry and chariotry.” As Sherlock spoke the four divisions he pointed to the various pieces on the board. John watched his fingers as they followed the words that soothed from his lips. “Humanity needs war just as much as chess requires a board. None of us know why we are here, yet we are driven by some innate purpose to do something. War gives people that purpose; it satisfies that burning question of why are we here."
Our flat. John had practically forgotten. At the end of the day, and many days to come, John would return to 221b with Sherlock, his Sherlock. Their home.
"So chaps which is it? Baker Street or Scotland Yard?" asked Raj. Both passengers nodded at one another then spoke in unison "Scotland Yard." So the taxi pulled out the terminal and commenced it's fairly long journey to right at the heart of London. The case was spoken of the most and Sherlock asked Raj out of pure interest, much to John's amusement, "Raj do you like murder mysteries?"
“Rejection then, John you’re such a goldfish, stop it. I don’t understand humanity in that way Watson. Just curious. Partially why I need you here.”
Sherlock has been forced to attend rehab and he meets his Doctor, Doctor John Watson.
A need to blur into vapour
"Les Americaines."
topped with whipped cream that was at least two inches high. "What are you having me drink now?" Sherlock smirked and giggled wickedly, "it is called a White Russian, or a
CANNOT FUCKING WAIT
John scowled and Sherlock gave a non-chalent "relax Watson, relax, we are going home." He patted John thrice upon the knee and it made John smile. Sherlock knew him so well in such a short space of time. He was right, John told himself to relax and took a deep breath and with that a beverage was in his hand. Hopefully they'd make it home this time.
Sherlock lowered his hands and said, “The question is more what is there to lose if known?”
“Shall we find out?”
*Dances whilst making dinosaur noises*
"How can you be sure? They were willing to put you in here, and I am still convinced they would kill us if they came across us."
Sherlock began to pace, “So you are telling me Anderson that the police are investigating a murder and have failed to collect and inspect the dead woman’s recent correspondence through post? Something that is a clear way of finding out who she has been in touch with, the contents itself may even point us in the direction of not only who killed her but the motive behind it. You are all useless! No wonder you need me.”
They sat in a tryst in the Watsons living room, there had been admittedly a lot of silence whilst the kettle boiled, and all appreciated the mug in their hands as it simply gave them permission to be distracted, instead of looking for one that did not exist. After one sip all three said “soooo” at the same time.
It was approaching nine in the morning, their included breakfast ended in an hour or so. On exiting the bathroom and pulling on his socks and shoes John said, "Sherlock we must be going, otherwise we'll be hungry," practically immediately after, his tummy rumbled, thus proving his point. "Yes doctor, fine fine, head down without me, I'll be straight behind" the detective spoke cooly as he still remained sat down, shoes now tied, flicking through his phone. John stood and thrummed his fingers upon his palms, anxious for Sherlock to change his mind, but he didn't so John grabbed his phone and coat and headed down for breakfast alone. At the floor lobby John decided to walk down the three flights of stairs rather than wait for the lift. On reaching ground floor, it was evident the place was busy, very busy. The place was teeming with people, all smartly dressed and eating quickly to get the day started. John didn't take much notice and met the young man who was seating guests at breakfast. "Name?" the stranger asked, John paused before saying, "Holmes," the man nodded before showing John to a bay window table, which had appropriately two seats. Once at the table the waiter asked if he'd like tea or coffee, John chose a very British option one. Milk only. Just as John sat down, a voice from behind him said, "I do apologise but did you say your name was Holmes?" John turned around to be greeted with a man he recognised immediately as someone from off of the telly, a reporter for Channel Four News if his memory was right, "erm actually no, but I am here with a Mister Holmes, he should be down any minute, anything I can help you with?" John asked politely. "Is it Sherlock Holmes by any chance?" John laughed and nodded alongside a nervous giggle, "is he here for the Delaney murder?" John hesitated, he should not have got involved, why the hell did he nod?! This man was a reporter, one with arguable influence over an international story such as this, he chose to protect his friend, not the professional, "who's that?" The reporter made a funny sigh before candidly saying, "maybe he just doesn't tell his boyfriend everything." John's face arched confused, "boyfriend?" The reporter visibly blushed, "oh I do apologise I just assumed...," now John realised in horror and reacted so, "no I'm not... we're not, I work with mister Holmes, it's not.." In his panic, John seemed to have put his foot in it, "work with him? So you are here for Delaney! So who murdered him?!" John deepened his foot print further, "what makes you think it's murder?!" The reporters face stretched out in pure joy, "so it is murder!"
Sherlock huffed, “yes, alright fine.”
“Only a few people from my homeless network, it would not have worked without any of them, or Molly, or Mycroft, they all had to be a part of it.”
I will find my faCe in chalk
I wrote this late at night, idk wtf happend tbh.
With a lot of effort the two men tried to get Sherlock to stand. Together with John holding Sherlock’s entire weight, they shuffled their way to Sherlock’s hotel room through the adjoining door. John sat Sherlock on the bed and went into the pristinely packed suitcase sat in the rack by the door. He took out the most casual and loose things Sherlock had, which were another expensive shirt and surprisingly grey tracksuit bottoms. John gave Sherlock a questioning look before he winced out the quiet reply of “undercover.” John understood and nodded before asking, “Is there an ‘undercover’ shirt?”
Thank you for your enduring and loving patience x
He ran out and whistled as loud as he could.
“Imagine a single train track that forks off into two separate tracks. On one of those tracks stands five people, five people you don’t know, and on the other stands one you love, an unmanned train comes speeding down the track and you are in control of the lever that moves the train between the two tracks ahead. Either you let it continue on its course and kill your loved one, or you change its direction, thus murdering those five strangers but saving the one you love. Which is it?”
“Alright John, sleep well.” John waved to Sherlock before shutting the door to have the most blissful sleep he has had for as long as he can remember.
“Unless John, they are telling us they are a relative to throw us off the not-so-anonymous scent.”
John had another question and Sherlock looked back at him once it was asked, “excuse?” Sherlock nodded, understanding the actual question, “to enter into a country from sea you need a sort of docking permit, it’s like a passport for the boat, every boat has a unique name and code, but they could just say that they have traveled from very far, across the Atlantic for example and due to travel complications they did not manage to make their last stop in order to get a permit.” Sherlock paused, “usually that follows with a long series of questions, but if they are an avid sailor or two, I’m sure they could withstand it, especially with a murder charge behind them to spur them on to not, fuck up I suppose.” John nodded, glad of the information, “so we are looking for a large boat, still, with a highly skilled sailor, or a sailor and accomplices, who may also be well skilled sailors, who have a motive to murder and hide the evidence of a well known and controversial American Governor from Alabama, whose here for reasons we don’t know of, oh and not to mention a boat who is now potentially miles away in a large country across the sea with many docks and access to an entire continent.” Sherlock said with a laugh, “correct.” John made a mock frown, which made them both subsequently giggle. “Needle in a haystack” definitively continued John, then Sherlock went to stand and said “nothing we can’t handle Doctor Watson.” John stood too and as they shook the sand from their clothes, John said, “agreed Mister Holmes.” They friendly patted one another on the back; happy with the day’s events, they then sauntered up the beach to find somewhere where they may hopefully be able to sleep for tonight.
Sherlock and John recount all the information they had pulled for the day on the Eleanor Scott case. They write it all down, and Sherlock takes an action he probably should not have done in John's eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had entered John’s hotel room, which was adjoined to his own, and was now shaking him awake. John lackadaisically rubbed his eyes and stretched before he lifted his eyelids. The sight that greeted him was a shock. Panic spread through his body and he froze sitting up in his bed, unable to move.
John and Sherlock are still on China but Sherlock needs answers about the case of Eleanor Scott that only Lestrade can answer.
him. Lips, tongues, teeth the lot!! You wanted him! How could you want him? Oh god I love him, SHIT I have fallen for a sociopath who was my patient! John Hamish Watson, you can’t feel this way. Shut it down. Now.” On John’s insane thinking, a nurse came in, checked Sherlock’s vitals and then left, all the while John was having a heterosexual crisis, and he looked like he was on the verge of a heart attack. He paced, rubbed his brow, shook his head, every sign of internal meltdown, John was expressing. ‘John you’re straight. You don’t like men. But you want it, you do, fuck. Fuck!!’
"So you wanted to talk," said John as more of a statement than a question, Sherlock nodded and then could not stop himself. "Yes, and not about the case, I always talk about the case over what I actually want to say, it's damn annoying, I've used the cases as a way of covering up myself, as if someone else has always talked over me when in reality I can speak for myself John, I fucking can, and I'm sick of pretending like I don't feel things, of course I do, and you know that, you are the only one who knows that, the only one who has actually bothered to get round my walls, I do feel things, but I know still that it will be different to the way other people feel, because I am different John, I see everything all the time, I had sussed this entire room and everyone one in it within a second, the things I could tell you about that barman John, fuck, I'm different to anyone I have ever met, but that is good, right? You have told me before it is good, at the side of the road that day, you told me that. I have learned so much from you John in our short time together, more than you know, I have never felt accepted before but with you I feel like I belong, this is a long haul case, I can feel it, it already has been, the amount of miles we have had to travel already, but I have never been so fucking happy, travelling around with you and deducing, it gives a whole new element to my existence I never thought I had, this case has been
“What if I have nothing to conquer?”
Sherlock’s toes wriggled in his shoes. He watched them through the leather as the words pulled from his gums.
What was so once alive in his eyes was now gone. Once so magnetic, his gaze was now something of a distracted child’s, hovering over everything and not truly seeing. In need of something, constantly. The want of a fix was obvious. The tremors were beginning to show in his fingers and his speech was no longer demanding its usual attention. His eyes kept casting to the door, for on the other side Sherlock could return to his safe haven of the fix that would supposedly cure it all. Mycroft had waited for this moment for some time; in fact it’s all he could think about in recent months.
Sherlock continued John’s voice full symphony and refused to let it neither end nor die out, “Brother Henry, potentially worked with the gang, I didn’t think, I know that the suit and tie boss loved Eleanor, he did not do it. Henry and Eleanor were more than likely lovers, suggests a dark and lonely past and something lacking in their collective present. Henry is married to a nurse, his family are young, two children, a stable job surrounding a law practice, he’s bringing in a Mark Warren to defend him, so he has friends, at work, and most likely outside of work. Keeping an incestuous relationship with a half sister, his children’s aunty is probably easier than most think, they could act close to one another without a worry of people making assumptions, Eleanor died of shock, maybe he threatened to call it off, maybe she loved him very much, she was clever, but still a gold fish. Love is a human error and maybe she made it. Maybe she tried to cut it off and he bound and raped her…” John’s face changed and it expressed a mixture of disgust and shock; it was an option he had never considered before. Sherlock continued, taking into account John’s expression, “it’s an option, we don’t know this man, he worked with the smugglers, clearly not someone too concerned about following what is right, especially in his own interest, in a moment of madness, or love, whatever the motives usually are in such scenarios, we have to consider it all John, no matter how grim it is.”
Sherlock looked to the chain once more, holding it up in the dimness of the tent, lit only from the torch that sat in John's lap. "But this chain, it was too important to get rid of," Sherlock looked from the aloft chain to connect eyes with John, "thoughts?" John took a big breath, elevating his shoulders as he did so, "right well, I have no idea about the jewellery, erm, but this man has been I, erm, suspect he's been dropped in the water not far off shore by someone else, his face is not the right colour for drowning, he would be purple, and his eyes would be erm, bulgier" John paused at that word, he did not like the fact he'd said that word, but he carried on, "a postmortem will obviously inform us if there is water in the larynx or the lungs and if it's a justifiable amount for cause of death, but I don't think it is, so he has been killed on land, or died on land, and dropped into the ocean by someone who was there or found him, dead, there is no clear way of death that I can see, no head wounds or informative bruising, no blood or lacerations, so I can't tell a cause." John looked up waiting for a reply, Sherlock leaned a little further in, "do you think he was murdered?" John cleared his throat and the emotion displayed on his face became a little more severe, "not that I can see of no I don't think so." Sherlock sighed a big sigh and slowly began to undo the victims shirt button by button from the neck down, he was a big man with a round belly and the shirt, although nearly dry, it was tight and awkward to do.
As John went to protest, Sherlock completely ignored the wording and said “221b Baker Street, take the back roads, the cobbled ones, it takes seventeen minutes longer and my companion here is paying, and seeing as he has just left his job I don’t want to see him ripped off.”
He towelled his hair dry, careful not to dampen his suit, and left it to its own doing as per usual, and on sitting to tie his shoe laces, John exited the bathroom wearing the duplicate of the same robe Sherlock had worn moments before, except John's went down to his ankles, whereas for Sherlock it draped around his mid-shin bone. Likewise the sleeves essentially touched the base of his thumbs, whereas for Sherlock, they hung tightly around mid-forearm. The pair connected eyes for the first time today, and John cleared his throat before awkwardly uttering, "you, look, erm professional." Sherlock leant down to his toes and tied his left show laces without losing eye contact with his doctor, "you look like you could use some clothes." John laughed and agreed whilst remaining under the door frame. John then unzipped his bag and produced a bland grey t-shirt and his favourite sandy coloured woollen jumper, followed by some practical jeans. On re-entering the bathroom as he had the night before, he realised he had forgotten his underwear. After considering to wear the pair he'd slept in he decided against it and just went full blown commando instead. He secretly liked doing this and would always do it if he required a bit more confidence that day. A little inconsequential secret such as the fact that he's wearing no underwear for some reason made him more comfortable with himself, thus making him feel more able to face any problem. Maybe it was suitable for today after all.
"Sherlock you are on a complicated combination of drugs we cannot let alcohol get in that mixture."
John briefly snickered. Sherlock was most definitely okay and returning to himself already. "Amazing Sherlock." In that moment, there was no doubt about it, John had feelings for Sherlock. Shit. He stood up and went and got his phone and its charger out his case. He located a plug and said as calmly as possible despite his affirmation, "we need to let it charge for a second." Sherlock nodded. Then after a moments silence Sherlock said quietly and without a whisper of emotion,"I'm sorry John, you wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me." John without looking at Sherlock and still looking at the phone in his hand said "I'm here on my own want, and, erm, I am glad you are okay." On Sherlock's question they finally looked at one another. "Did they hurt you?" John shook his head, "no. They just left me on my own is all'." Sherlock nodded once and then said, "you're not okay though. I can see it. People normally, want to, talk about these things. Feel free." Every utterance was awkward and unsure but John was glad it was said. John then left the phone by the socket it was attached to, walked over to the chair by Sherlock's bedside, sat and said "Well, I was mostly concerned about you, and your, whereabouts, I of course worried for my own life, but I was mostly worried about you. They told me nothing, you know, so my mind went to, as we can correctly see, dark places." There was a pause for breath when Sherlock crinkled his brow and said "There's something else."
“Well, what am I escaping from Detective?” he uttered mid-mouthful.
Cast your mind back now... Chapter 38...
On pulling up to the hotel John’s jaw dropped. It was the nicest looking hotel he had ever seen in his life. It was called “Lotus” and resembled a palace that would befit any royal family. John could barely function until they got up to his room. Sherlock handled everything, he paid the driver, he checked them in, got their room keys, and led them to the lifts. All John could do was gape. He was even impressed by the elevator. Their rooms were on the top floor. They had two ensuites with an adjoining door, so it was more like an apartment really.
OMG WHAT
After what felt like an age, an arch lay ahead, above it read, 'l'empire de la mort.' John understood enough to know that that meant 'the empire of the dead.' As he stepped beneath it, he felt his blood run cold. He heard voices bounce around the walls, excited children fascinated by such a gruesome sight. John weaved around the underground maze, looking intently for the heart made out of skulls. What if he couldn't find it? Was this all just some rouse to get him out the way? But why? He checked his phone, the hour was minutes from being up, he picked up his pace. All of a sudden bones and skulls sat delicately stacked, high enough that they were taller than John himself, they seemed to go further back than the eye could see, enclosed in darkness. As a doctor he could name every one, femurs sat with femurs, tibias with tibias, fibulas, clavicles, humerus, ulnas, Radius, and skulls. So many skulls. John could feel the hollow eye sockets stare at nothing and only at him. All arranged in an immoral pattern for no reason other than morbid fascination and a need for space above ground. Checking the time, he was now officially late to supposedly rescue his friend. Or to die.
“Molly! Molly Hooper knew over me! Over me Sherlock?! Who else then go on? Speak up!”
Since the day he asked John ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’ he had selected most of his words to tailor John. He implicated his language because for once he wanted someone to understand, he wanted more specifically John to understand. John needed to know what wove itself together in Sherlock’s head. They were partners. Literal partners that ran about London and solved crimes.
John said post sigh “check-mate.”
“What if I win now? You would have just given it all up.” John moved his hands vigorously as he spoke.
John and Sherlock walked determined. Lestrade met them at the door, hands deep in his pockets. Instead of a greeting, Sherlock noted, “Lestrade stop biting your lip, it shows weakness.” Lestrade rolled his eyes and John spoke softly, “morning Greg, don’t worry I’m nervous too, as is Sherlock but he would not dare admit it.” Sherlock was the next to roll his eyes. Lestrade and Watson shook hands, this seemed to be the way they would indefinitely greet one another. Professional but oddly intimate, it was a mutual way of indirectly letting the other know that they knew Sherlock was weird but they also both knew of his brilliance. Make sense?
“It must be a close relative, otherwise they wouldn’t know or care enough to think it a suspicious death.”
Sherlock took some medicinal gloves out of his pocket and snapped them on with a ping. “Doesn’t mean anything, there are natural poisons out there that won’t come up on blood samples. John.” On hearing his name John looked up to witness a pair of the same gloves being flinged at him. He managed to successfully catch them without the papers flying absolutely everywhere. He handed the report to Molly and with a thank you nod to her, snapped on his own gloves.
Once Sherlock's pulse had returned to a slower more controlled pace, he smoothed the hair that touched the back of his neck down with the palm of his hand and said, maybe even nervously, "John, please."
"I'm not getting dressed." John placed the mugs down on a crowded table, "I didn't even say anything." Sherlock's footsteps could be heard from his bedroom crossing between the wooden floor over the rug and onto the wooden floor again, "no, but you know I can hear you think." John sighed, they needed a case. It had been just over a day and already John, a trained man now understood why Sherlock needed his mind so focused. He was like a rabbit with epilepsy. Then the violin started up again. When the subject of moving in together first breached Sherlock had warned John about the violin, and sure mostly it was still charming, and he was very good, and watching the composing was bloody interesting, but when it was just Bach's Allegro Moderato over and over and over again, the ice was getting a bit thin. Hopefully the next case would be a long one. John felt a twist in his gut, what was that? As he took his first sip of his tea his face proved confused, was that guilt? Had he already become so banal to this stuff, so used to the pain this work came along with. Murder, crime, death, torture, exhaustion. Maybe he didn't want the next one to be long. Shit, what if he wasn't ready.
“Oh for god sake John, on top of the fridge.” Sherlock said it as if it was the most obvious place in the world. John sauntered over to the fridge and slid the pages off its surface, and it soon became clear that it had not been used nor cleaned in a while; John had to cough out the dust that commenced to enter his lungs. On handing Sherlock the thick yellow book John asked, “is that even the updated version?”
“Good, John and I need copies of these letters, every page, corner to corner, make copies then take them straight to Lestrade to be fingerprinted.”
“Oh John, don’t be a goldfish, you know fully well that doesn’t matter. Sitting in this room as we have all that time will be exactly the same in my flat. We enjoy each other’s company. We can speak honestly and fairly, we practically know everything about each other already, and we both accept everyone has flaws. There is enough space for us both, you’ve cared for me at probably the worst I have been in years, and you have already seen me naked. John, there is no issue.”
Sherlock looked incredibly pale and he experienced nausea shake through all his vital organs making him hunch over even more. John felt like he was flying back out to war, he sensed dread all throughout his belly and it felt as if he was some how never going to make it home. Finally the brunette perk of a woman asked, “Will you need the wheelchair?” John looked at Sherlock for a second before hesitantly suggesting, “just until we get to the gate.” She nodded and then went to type for god knows how long.
“Sherlock you don’t need to protect me, I’m just glad you’re here. Are you okay?”
John followed the ladies words and opened the double doors at the end of some corridor to find Sherlock lying in a hospital bed, with so many wires and tubes funnelling his body with fluids and ensuring none of it could fail. He was still unconscious, and it appeared as if blood was still slowly making its way out of his lung through the tube into a sealed container, but it was only small amounts. John knew the tube would be removed in a few days once the blood literally stopped draining from the lung. They had to make sure nothing remained in the lung, as it could cause further health problems. John was almost glad that he had to stay in one place for a few days, he would most likely feel safer back in the familiar territory of London, but in such a public establishment as this, tracking and then removing Sherlock and John from the hospital without any attention being drawn was near impossible.
Sherlock and John make several promising admissions to themselves and each other, and with a few hours to kill John persuades Sherlock to go on a childish crab hunt amongst the stones of which the potential murder weapon may be found.
The faceless men took the rope from their ankles, told them to do “nothing bold” before untying their hands. They held guns in their direction before all backing out of the room. The last words they received from this group were “pack and leave. We will have monitors at the airport, you have four hours.” The door was closed, and for the first time in god knows how long they were truly alone. No CCTV, no crows, nothing. John could have once more wept but it was not over yet.
From this assessment he then looked down at the room as if he was a bat hanging by its claws from the ceiling. He decided on watching John for a while who at this stage was entirely focused on the job at hand. John was looking through a number of envelopes that were found piled up on the right armrest of one of the expensive sofas that was found in the large lounge multipurpose space.
"How can you be bored already?! We have around eight hours at least left, I refuse to believe you're bored." John was driving, they'd agreed shifts but in easy dramatic fashion Sherlock slumped down in the passenger seat and gave the most almighty sigh. A sacred John persisted, "alright look, talk about the case, maybe you can use this time to solve this thing without us even having to go on this bloody drive." Sherlock now rolled his eyes and spoke intentionally slow, "John, we don't have any further information to go on, American politician on beach, four fatal stab wounds to abdomen, no murder weapon, its probably at the bottom of the ocean by now, unless the murderers are stupidly sentimental and on running away, or rather sailing away I very much doubt such an idle notion," Sherlock began to talk faster to simply get his reasoning out of the agonising way, "murderers are skilled sailors aboard the stolen Cleopatra, they go to France, please don't make me explain that one again, so what do we do? John, you and I, we go to France." Sherlock slumped even further in his seat to extend his confinement, John gripped the steering wheel tighter in an effort to not grind his teeth. "Sherlock you know you are the most sarcastic arse I think I've ever met." Sherlock didn't reply he just looked out the window like a bored six year old wanting anything, something to do. "Sherlock, okay there are some things which are unexplained, for example, why was he here?" Sherlock lolled his head to look at John's profile, "easy, his heritage is here, his mother is buried in Minehead cemetery." John opened his mouth and flailed his thumbs on the wheel, "how the hell do you know that." It was more an accusation rather than a question. Sherlock sighed once more, he'd never understand the normal mind, "whilst Delaney is an American name, Musgroves is not, that's a Somerset name. Mother's maiden name is guess what John, Musgroves. He was visiting his mothers grave, for probably the hundredth time since her death, last night whilst you slept I got up in the middle of the night and went to the grave yard, she's there, Sandra Delaney, buried alongside mummy and daddy Musgroves, I only had to leave the hotel room for fifteen minutes." John's face scrunched up in confusion, "then how come no one mentioned an anecdote or just the fact that they knew him personally?" Sherlock turned his shoulders so that he could really witness John respond to this, "John do you know which region of England is the most superstitious?" Now John gritted his teeth. "I'm assuming it's here Sherlock" he forced out between pursed lips. Sherlock spoke as if he was the human embodiment of sarcasm, "that's right John! The South West Coast of England buys the most bollocks there is, whether that is stones believed to own spiritual powers or just the simple idea that no one should speak ill of the dead." John ignored all of the increasingly less bearable tone and tried to shift focus on something else, "okay smart arse, so why kill him?" Now Sherlock crossed his arms, becoming less bored for the moment, John took a brief glance at the change in movement, pleased at the direction he'd enforced, "where's the motive?"
closer and closer do we tick.....
He heard nothing and felt everything. His stomach tied into a knot at his trachea and he couldn’t breathe. Could not hear, could not do anything other than fall.
(See the end of the chapter for
Everything was colour and blurred faces. Loud noises, strange smells and so many vehicles! Speeding buses, black taxis, bicycles, cars and even the London Underground shook the tarmac beneath your feet, This is how London should be seen. With purpose and pace.
Once in his lap Sherlock almost hastily pushed the sleeves back down and swallowed any anxiety he felt. He looked back into John’s eyes before saying “Doctor’s opinion?”
(Short fluffy chapter. It's about time these boys return to London anyhow.)
With that the boss spoke in his native language and the two men were walked to a car, had bags placed once more over their heads, but instead of being shoved in the boot, they were sat in the back of a van, still attached to one another. John was even still thinking at this stage as the vehicle bumped along and the darkness had still its grip on him. At least now he knew he wasn’t going to die in that place, and neither was Sherlock. “John.”
At this point John was at his wits end and was on the verge of explosion, when to his surprise Sherlock spoke up in the voice that John knew and missed so much. “We have had a family emergency back at home, please if you could just pay for everything on this card and then we will be leaving as soon as the transaction is made.”
Anonymous."
something
John was sitting in his window seat just as Sherlock had expected him to be.
Guess who is back, *point at self*, this fangirl.
They sat up in the same moment to face their wrinkled guard dog. As Sherlock wiped his cheeks and John prodded at his knee, their faces both still bearing the same smile, Sherlock said matter of fact, “there is a man dead on that beach and I believe this could be the boat on which he was killed, or at least ferried to be forever lost at sea, so if you don’t mind you would be really helping us out in looking, no one will know, neither of us will leave prints and if this is in fact the murderers boat and we can prove it, we have caught a murderer, on getting said confession therefore we’ll tell everyone in this tiny place that you helped in catching this blasphemous criminal that had momentarily thwarted the tourism that is Minehead, you will get a pat on the back and a congrats, they may even give you some extra money in retirement, so I suggest you go back to sleeping on the bollard, or even go home if you wish to allow us to get on with our work.” The purposeful well placed sarcasm and drama in Sherlock’s words made John smile even further. The owl man began to protest, “but…” Sherlock sighed now, smile fading, “how about this then, you go back to the police office, inform them all that we are trespassing and bring them back with whatever colossal mood that seems to have beset you, hmm? How does that sound?” With that the man was gone, muttering something about “unprofessionalism” as he went. Before he had even reached the adjoining bridge John was protesting as they both remained sitting on the swaying deck, “Sherlock! What did you do that for? They might kick us off the case!” As Sherlock stood he rolled his eyes and said from height, “oh please, you heard detective Chalmers, they need us.”
This all flooded through John’s mind right up to the second he was in front of this ‘Molly Hooper.’ She was very pleasant. How could John judge so instantaneously? It seems John didn’t realize how bad his insecurity had become. He had admittedly in the past few years distanced himself from any form of human appraisal. He needed to get back in the habit of normal human comfort, maybe even enjoy it once more.
“Sometimes a better man deserves a win John.”
Enjoy my lovelies x
Mary soon intervened with a worried set of hands and a “John come on now.” Very helpful Mary. Yet then John loosened his grip, and began to laugh. Properly laugh. Soon both he and Sherlock were lying side by side on their backs wailing with laughter. It seemed that they both were relieved. For different reasons. Sherlock was glad of the possibility that John didn’t want him dead and John was glad that Sherlock was definitely alive. He was still bloody angry with him. Basically pissed off. The cock. How could he ever think any of this was okay?
“That’s a joke right” John said playfully.
“Well I guess understanding the drug your addicted to normally gives the feeling of being better than the drug, knowledge is power as they say.”
Sherlock's first night at the rehab proves to suck. A lot.
“John wake up.”
On reaching the room he felt a feeling of relief. He placed his things down on the old wooden floor and immediately removed his shoes and socks to feel the cold floor under his toes. He flexed those ten digits as if it was like taking a very deep satisfying breath. He took his jacket off and flung down on the bed before returning bare foot to where Sherlock waited in their living room, reading through a letter that had apparently been sitting on the living room floor pushed under the front door for all of five days.
They both thought Sherlock was a good man, despite what the man in question and apparently the rest of the world said. They walked in silence to the interview rooms. There was a door along from Lestrades’ office, which looked perfectly bland; a secret disguise was created by its plainness. However on closer inspection there was an electronic tag system screwed to the wall on the left of the doors metal and curved handle; sticky with perspiration, from the previous person who opened it. Lestrade had to use a key card to gain access. And on opening the door, John noted a smell that reminded him of the library he used to go in as a child. A large ancient building, with its millions of recycled and mostly unwanted literature. It smelled like peppermint tea and old people. That is what the corridor to the interview rooms smelt like. Once the door squeaked close behind them, Lestrade gestured with an out stretched open palm towards a door on the right, at the very end of the corridor. This too also needed a key card to gain entrance.
“Why John?”
They bumped along the road and just as if nothing had happened, they found themselves unmasked in John’s hotel room in the same spot from which they had been taken. The first thing John did was look at Sherlock; check he wasn’t an actual inch away from death. He was alive, but definitely in pain. John had never seen someone look so far from their normal self. To be in so much pain that you cannot think is definitely a feat that would temporarily change you. And that is what Sherlock is going through. He thought. He used his mind, constantly, without it what was he?
ashdhfouwafwufnjwdklmsioeuygfgvbnmkloiuyfdesxdaftgsyuidoklmnbvgftyuiolkjhdsatfykwdvkwgeuyhidjsbdfiuwegfqbwej
Anderson went to protest but by the time he began to speak Sherlock had put all the papers into his arms. “Oh and Anderson, don’t be a complete idiot and forget to take the envelopes, they are just as likely to have prints as the letters do.” So Anderson made copies, whilst John and Sherlock discussed the bank statements. John still remained seating on the sofa and Sherlock paced the length of the sofa in front of him. “John what did you make of the account?”
John and Sherlock rushed through the travel process as fast as possible. The flights were a huge expense, but it was worth their lives. They said a cheery as possible farewell to the BA desk lady before John practically bolted to security. Getting Sherlock to walk through security would have been comical in any other situation. He had to make aching noises just to function. On standing out of the chair, he eeked, with every step he made some kind of sigh, gah or coo. It was unavoidable. On returning to the fully scanned wheelchair, he could have vomited whilst sitting. He couldn’t remember the last time he was in this much pain, if ever.
He couldn’t tell John the real reason. He wanted John to feel safe. He needed John to feel safe around him. If he told him of the sniper and the reason as to why it took two years worth of dismantling a large network all because a bullet may find itself between his eyes. No, no Sherlock couldn’t do that.
Both men resumed in their laughter they had shared the day before.
It was only on entering the vehicle and turning on the heated seats that made John make the assessment that Sherlock had money. He had never thought about it before, but clearly Sherlock had money. Serious money. It made sense with a fancy long name and a brother of such ministerial importance. So they had money. That is definitely something John could get used to. The car made him think of the hotel they were heading to. Imagine.
Sherlock was now incredibly focused on the names of the files. John saw that for the foreseeable future he’d be introducing himself it seems. Didn’t bother him in all actuality. John strode over to Molly and confidently said “Doctor John Watson, I’m Sherlock’s doctor and it looks like I’ll be with him on this particular case.”
They silently sat and read the letters, the only break of silence would have been when Sherlock went to find a piece of inconsequential pen and paper from somewhere in Eleanor’s apartment to make some form of note on what he may or may have not found. Besides that for a good twenty minutes the men worked silently next to one another. When John put the papers down, Sherlock looked over at him to find a John who could do nothing other than stare at the wall, lips tight shut in fear that the information he had just learned would somehow escape via his throat. Sherlock tried to coax it out of him, “What is it John?”
Whilst John was attached to the furniture of that room, he envisioned often what he and Sherlock may have been doing as of right now if the smugglers did not know anything about them. He imagined them in some Chinese tea house, John sipping some tea straight from the leaf, cross legged on the floor, whilst Sherlock talked excitedly about the progress of the case. He imagined the case leading them to the paddy fields of rural China, he could see Sherlock behind his eyelids knee deep in water talking to some local with ragged clothes across his back, in perfect Mandarin. Sherlock standing in his suit with his ridiculous coat, with the trousers rolled up, bare foot, talking to some local about a bunch of smugglers. An image like that was one that could make John feel like he had a escaped from those walls that echoed nothing but silence, even if for the briefest of moments. He also played through his mind the potential for small moments, dinner together, a camaraderie this case would have brought between them, the mad interviews, the heat of the chase, the coffee in one of their hotel rooms. John saw Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall and an ancient temple enshrouded in bamboo. All with Sherlock in mind, so alive and so active. John knew it was a coping mechanism, a way to be out of the reality of the situation he was truly in. However, he had thought constantly of those nagging feelings of admiration, pride and well, some kind of feeling John hadn't quite got to grips yet.
John began to pace with the letter placed behind his back.
John began to hyperventilate, and now he was being manhandled to stop him from passing through those doors. “I have to be with him!” Sherlock by this stage was long gone, and John after a lot of wasted effort, gave up. He threw his hands up in the hair and said “fine! Okay! Fine! Is their a viewing window?!” One of the nurses nodded and said, “come.” John said an angry thank you and followed her to god knows where. Once more he was on automatic. He realised that he was on his way to witness his friend being cut open.
Sherlock and John gain access to the docks to help with their case. They are looking for a huge mofo of a boat, and on finding it some things happen that cause both hysterical laughter and terror...
Sherlock went to write on the board but found himself hesitating, chalk only a centimeter from the board, still facing away from John he said “yes, but what killed her?”
“you to.. what? What do you mean you know?”
*rips hair out*
“It’s Doctor Watson, and yes, I think I will, because for fucking god knows how many days I have been pent up in that little room wondering if this man is dead.”
here knew who Sherlock was. Everyone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anderson nodded before the three of them waddled up the stairs in a conga-esque line. Reaching the top Anderson unlocked the front door to what was Eleanor’s apartment. The door squeaked as it opened, and John felt a little bit naughty about the whole thing. This was 100% legitimate, they were on a case, and they were with a police officer for god’s sake. But they were entering a completely alien place. A place that didn’t belong to any of them. A place where a woman was potentially murdered.
So it was definite, John liked Sherlock. He liked liked him. He couldn't get over it, for hours and then days Sherlock just spoke from his hospital bed. Non-stop and even though John listened, he wasn't really listening. He would pace and pace and Sherlock thought he was listening, well not that it would have mattered, he would have spoken to himself if John wasn't present. But Sherlock knew something was wrong, the usual 'amazing' or 'fantastic' didn't escape John's lips when Sherlock finally strung together a deduction about the case. John would just pace and 'mmmm' about the whole thing. Unusually severe about even the supposed steps of progress. Sherlock would even practically scream "don't you see John! See and observe it John! Come on! It's all there!" It wasn't until Sherlock was due to go back into surgery to have the menacing blood draining tube removed from his side that Sherlock finally demanded "John!!"
"Not to mention a lawyer" John remarked, "yes so educated, just as I had deduced from the original letter" Sherlock rebutted. John rolled his eyes; always the smart aleck. John practically ignored him, "so good cop bad cop?"
Where are y'all from?
GOOD TO BE BACK BITCHES
Whilst doing so he removed the anonymous letter from his inside jacket pocket and compared the handwriting. Sherlock scanned the words for a moment before consulting John. “The handwriting is definitively the same. Every nuance, every dot, use of comma and phrase. Either we have a liar or someone who is understandably ashamed, or both." John nodded and then every muscle in his face sprang into action, “You don’t think?! No surely not.”
John feeling suddenly confident gave a wide grin and a definitive “Right!” whilst rubbing his hands together.
Way To End And That
John scrambled to find his shoes and coat. He hobbled down one set of stairs from his room trying to get his left shoe on and he hobbled down the next set of stairs in an attempt to get on the right. On reaching and shutting the front door of his new residence he turned to face Sherlock who was already holding a taxicab door open. Without any hesitation John jumped into the cab and thanked Sherlock, which Sherlock apparently ignored before defiantly informing the driver that they were going to “St. Barts, morgue entrance on the west side” before sitting back in his seat and staring out the window not facing John.
DINNER?
look before turning to Olivia and saying, "sorry, he's just over tired..."
"John, Lestrade is pulling Eleanor's brother in for interview, the potential murderer in for interview John! We have to be there! Lestrade will undoubtedly be outwitted, especially if he uses Donovan or heaven forbid Anderson, he'll let him leave and no charges will be pressed and then we'll arrive fresh from the airport, being chased out by gangsters may I add, looking like a pair of dogs chasing our own tails! John you are a doctor, convince them, I'm fine you know I'm healthy enough to fly."
"I don't know, it's just, it is just that it is hard, I find living hard some times." Sherlock stood alarmed and ready for action, "no, no not like that! Sorry, no sorry I don't mean like that." Sherlock backed down relieved, and put a hand down on the railing, John sighed frustrated at his apparent lack of vocabulary, he squeezed the back of his neck with the free hand and tried again. "What is the point in all of this? Why are we trying to avenge this mans death by finding justice in any of it, this Paul Delaney character seems like the bad sort, and any way if something happened to you, or to me would some one investigate our deaths as much as we are with this mans? Why should this dead guy on a beach, why does his death matter?" John became more impassioned with ever syllable, Sherlock listened calmly but inside fear began to grip him. A tiny negative piece of his core, had been waiting for this moment, a shake in John's loyalty to this, a question as to why it was that Sherlock did this. He had an answer already prepared, he had for almost as long as John had had the question, justifying his work to all who breathe was a day he had mastered; he stood tall and stared his doctor in the eye.
“Right, yes, well, that is good. Good! Where would you like to eat then?”
"John we do this because we are curious in human nature, we do this because I for some reason was born with the capability to solve it, we do this because this man, regardless of his morals and actions had his life cut short by people who think they have the right to not only take the life but also the right to get away with it. I enjoy it John, of course I enjoy it, but who wouldn't when you are discovering every single day what humanity means, I for so long have believed that I am like no one else, as we have discussed even this very morning, and my chase for solving murders and mysteries is partially fuelled by wanting to understand human nature so I can be more a part of it, more a part of the pieces that truly matter John. If I had walked into your office a decade ago I was a shell of myself and we would undoubtedly have not got along, for I got along with no one, but in seeing the true matter in all things, the reality in death despite circumstance over and over again laid out bear, we break that barrier and we see what no one else sees, it is not about us John, well it is, of course it is, we are here for our own reasons, both collective and separate, but it is larger than us, and that more than all is what drives me to keep going, keep thinking and solving and learning and increasingly become better at what I do, at what we now do, together. If you ever lose faith remember that we are making a difference, even if that is to ourselves. I have never worked well with other people, and now you are here John and the world is opening up for me like a book, seeing through you is a tool I never realised I needed, and better than that I actually like you!" John laughed and swayed on his heels, bowled by Sherlock's soliloquy. "His death matters because time itself matters, we can ultimately make ourselves happy, and it is through this that makes me happy, whether that is caused by biology or nurture or a combination of the two, it is what makes me tick, it is the thing that satisfies that panicking part of your brain which screams every morning at you to want to exist despite all the odds. John, you are exactly where you need to be, you are on a boat to France and why the fuck would you want to be any where else." Something had been restored.
Meanwhile, Sherlock’s face transitioned from shock to confused to calm and collected in a heart beat. Ten minutes ago she was trying to kill him why would she want to help. Sherlock did a quick series of deductions and besides a ‘secret tattoo’ and ‘liar’ he didn’t find much else. Liar. Liar. Lying about what? Maybe she wanted Lestrade to leave so she could try and kill him again. So be it, if that is the way he goes, he deserved to die in such a way. To be murdered by his best friends future wife in her own home, right well. At this Sherlock took a seat and didn’t bother to wave as Lestrade shuffled his way out as if a snail had found a shell that wasn’t quite big enough. So be it. Sherlock placed his hands in a connected steeple position under his chin. Although they were not there for long for as soon as the door shut John began to stir.
“She was thirty-four and she was bound by rope at the point of death, but it was removed after death.”
Sherlock retracted a little, a tiny tremble, minor hesitation in his confidence, but definitely noticeable. He’d forgotten. How could he be so stupid and mention war when John had lived it. This was supposedly an opportunity for a new friend, the only friend and he had blundered it already.
Sherlock started soft, “are you both comfortable gentlemen?” They both nodded and Sherlock flicked on the recorder that sat in every interview room, this is what was used in the courts and this is what would allow Greg behind the glass to hear ever word. There was additional CCTV in every corner of the room and John made a mental note that none of it was like how it is on TV. When the red light came a-glow Sherlock changed immediately, he sat forwards, resting his elbows on the table and his hands welded together in sheer dominance, looking not at Mark who sat directly opposite but at the accused. It was like watching a wild cat that had just spotted a deer just outside of the bush it hid in.
Anderson hobbled through a doorframe from another room with a stack of papers in his hands looking admittedly dazzled. He gave them to John and Sherlock, Sherlock made no acknowledgment of Anderson’s efforts but John at least said thank you. Just before they all left Sherlock ensured Anderson had the originals, otherwise fingerprinting would be useless, when Sherlock was happy they departed in their normal manner and Sherlock hailed a taxi for John and he, with a step closer to the cause of Eleanor’s death.
Much to Sherlock's annoyance, he was informed, in admittedly pained and broken English, that he needed to remain in hospital for a few more days. John giggled at Sherlock's reaction to this news. Sherlock moaned and dramatically sagged his body into the thin mattress beneath him. He rolled his eyes and scrunched his brow, but it was the aggressive fold of the arms that really caught John out. He huffed and puffed like a child who had just been told he was not allowed an ice cream. John told him so once the shy nurse had left, "you are such a child Sherlock, honestly it's fine." John returned to the foreign newspaper he was inspecting before the nurse had been the bearer of unfortunate news.
John was still out cold; Lestrade carried John himself to the police car. Sherlock would have found it to be something funny to witness if the circumstances where the slightest different. His best friend being carried by Lestrade. Getting sat up in a mocked position. His head being propped up whilst Mary struggled to put a seat belt on him. No, not funny at all. (Actually it really is.)
His mind was cut off. The man that stood in front of him was wearing a nostalgic smirk and a ridiculous Sharpie moustache. It all became a whizzing blur. By the time Mary realised the situation, John was angry. The angriest he had ever been in his entire life. His hands curled into fists and he hit the table so hard that the celebratory wine splashed all over the red and black tiles at their feet.
On opening his eyes Sherlock lay beside him in no pain at all, but rather he was laughing so violently that no sound was actually coming out of his mouth. His whole body was just shaking and his knees were up at his chest because his laughing convulsions were so insistent. What made it funnier was the torch was still on but had been dropped in the kafuffle and now it rolled behind their heads, illuminating their shadows at their feet in a flurry of movement. John joined with a very high pitch giggle, which in turn made Sherlock noiselessly laugh even more. Sherlock rolled around and even clapped the deck of the boat with a leather-clad hand. John still clutching the bruised knee even snorted and Sherlock laughed so hard tears starting to leak from his eyes. Then their laughter was interrupted by the sound of the ancient police officer that had literally slept on the job. “Oi, you can’t be on there!” Their shenanigans had clearly awoken him. His rickety old voice in his broad accent did not cease the laughter of the duo, if anything it aided it. Being caught occasionally is funny it seems, it added to the entire ridiculous nature that had apparently become their lives. They continued to roll around and finally Sherlock’s laugh became full form, loud and bellowing. It was only when the old fella’ a while later said “I could lose my job!” was the point when Sherlock and John started to do that sighing thing that people do after a full blown laughing fit. A continuous effort began to take deep breaths and try to not descend into a moment of happy madness once more. Still trying to hold it in, Sherlock and John lay on their backs and they looked one another in the eye to finally tempt them back to reality.
(See the end of the chapter for
is it who he wants it to be...
“Greg?! Lestrade your name is not Greg, where the hell did Greg even come from?! Are you attempting to trick John, don’t lie to him, I promise you he is safe.”
This made John go a bit tingly, so much so that he stared down at his shoes rather than the faces around him. Molly seemed a bit uncomfortable about the idea, it seems she too was used to the idea that Sherlock was all hers. She attempted to shake herself out of it, “Well nice to meet you John, what, or who, I should say are you looking for?”
“I bet, but do you mind if we save them for when I actually believe this isn’t a dream?”
And We Never Solve This
TELL A FRIEND FRIEND
Whilst he was changing in the bathroom he heard Sherlock say loudly “what happened to ‘I’ve been in the army Sherlock, I’ve seen lots of naked men,’ you said those exact words to me in Shanghai.” The imitation alone made John snicker, what a cheeky shit. He gave an honest reply through the door, “it’s different when it is you, and anyway that is not technically fair, we where under a lot of time pressure and you were very nearly dead.” Sherlock gave a playful “yeah yeah” before they resumed to quiet. Sherlock liked winding John up, it’s the only person he has ever been able to do it with without anyone misunderstanding or taking him to seriously or literally. Being funny was, pleasant. John stepped out, and even though he did have clothes on, he felt very very naked. Without saying a word to one another, John climbed in the bed as tentatively as possible. “We forgot to brush our teeth,” uttered John as he was making himself comfortable, Sherlock didn’t look up but said jokingly, “fuck it we’ll do it three times tomorrow.” John was grateful that that meant he didn’t have to do a damned thing but lie there. Sherlock was flicking through different newspaper sites on his phone, and once John was completely under the duvet he said, “the story has broke, they are saying ridiculous theories as expected, ‘The Sun’ here says that ‘Paul Delaney was an auspicious creep with an eye for the wrong women, he clearly picked the wrong mistress who then in turn took his life to bury him at sea like the goddess of the ocean herself say experts.’ What experts?!” On turning to John dramatically he continued, “I mean could it be more drab John? I don’t think so. For people who speculate for a living they could come up with some better speculations.” John giggled and tucked himself even further into the duvet, shimmying further down the bed. Sherlock continued to read out paper headlines and details, which apparently were all “so far from the obvious, they look but they don’t see John it is infuriating.” He looked at international news but it seemed that nothing had reached the states yet, or at least nothing was published. Sherlock continued to inform John of things but after a while he looked down to see John fast asleep. Breathing deeply, turned towards Sherlock with his head resting on only a single pillow when they were three available. Sherlock smiled, plugged in his phone and then turned off the light. “Good night John” was whispered into the dark.
At John’s words Sherlock remembered the lady and the case she belonged to.
“Anderson just give it to me!” Anderson seemed offended by the instruction, as a retort he attempted to locate his card as slowly as possible, Lestrade screamed through gritted teeth, “Anderson!!!!”
“No Sherlock, your tea?”
Sherlock nodded and ended pacing on John’s final word, stopping at the body and looking down at her cold form. “Do you think she’s beautiful John?”
Sorry it has been so long! I have been writing my Johnlock fic and going back to uni has been absolutely crazy! Hope you are all well and enjoy x
Then just like that there he was. Down a corridor talking to someone in his department with some impatience. Files in hand. On seeing Sherlock and John he threw his arms in the air, wide as if he was trying to reach the corners of the room. Unashamedly he exclaimed "Thank God! Finally you bastards are here! You both look exhausted. Shit, you okay?" The two nodded, and John was happy to see Lestrade, he was always pleasant, or at least he had been so far. "The case..." Sherlock began, "we've reached a dead end here, we are going to get his hand writing when he comes in some how, but we haven't been able to do much without..." Lestrade went to say 'you' but stopped himself, especially in front of his colleagues, and well, Sherlock. Sherlock completely ignored what was being said and spoke hurriedly, "when are you bringing him in?"
The suggestion made a fairly placid Anderson splutter. He walked towards Sherlock at a pace with one index finger pointing directly at Sherlock and his other hand in a clenched fist whilst demanding “Sherlock you can’t do that! That is police property! This is an open investigation and you can’t...” Sherlock rolled his eyes and took the letters off John whilst Anderson was making his charge. Anderson had said enough in Sherlock’s opinion so he impatiently interrupted, “Anderson what is in these letters?”
Sherlock brought his book back into his eye line and then almost immediately put it back down, “does that mean I am medically fit to be discharged doctor?”
“Good. That’s also good, better you than Mycroft making occasional drug busts with Lestrade." John shrugged and the men returned to their reading until both parted to bed.
“Nothing you should concern yourself with. Are we clear?”
( may want to read previous chapters to understand it all <3 )
John immediately relaxed and he replied with a toothy grin "okay."
It wasn’t a simple surgery then, but it was without its complications (thank fuck.) John felt himself take a real deep breath then. Sherlock wasn’t going to bleed out and he wasn’t going to suffocate. He was okay. They’d stitched him up, and he was as of now (besides the tube still in his side) blood free. Post-op and ready to become conscious once more. Now that Sherlock was going to be okay, John’s mind whirred; they hadn’t in fact got far from Shanghai, let alone out of the country, being so close to the smugglers hide made him feel nervous. What if they found out? What if they said it wasn’t good enough? Thought they had double-crossed them and took them back to kill them after all? John forced himself to relax. To be honest he just needed to sleep. He was exhausted. He hobbled his way back to the reception to find a very sweet and old Chinese woman who pointed John in the direction of his recovering friend.
John struggled with the machines for a while, and on typing in the pin '1-9-7-1' that made his blush reappear, Sherlock all of a sudden bounded at his side, "John our train is in three minutes!" John practically jumped out of his skin. "Alright alright, they are printing now!" The tickets spat out into their allotted slot, making an electronic buzz as they arrived. "Sherlock I only got singles, don't know when we'll be back." It was clear John wanted some approval. Sherlock bit, "good idea John, now" Sherlock grabbed the tickets, seat reservations and receipts and looked John close in the face, "run!" With that Sherlock bolted like a cheetah. John spluttered an "oh!" before sprinting after his friend. Their platform was platform eight. Sherlock had figured out it took precisely one minute and forty-eight seconds to run to, they had exactly two minutes and nineteen seconds before the doors were supposed to close. On reaching platform eight Sherlock glanced at the board to check it was the right train and as he entered through the doors the bloke on the platform blew his whistle thrice. This signalled the train was ready to go. John was approximately six seconds behind Sherlock, after the whistle was blown Sherlock shouted impatiently "John come on!" Then when John jumped aboard the train doors slid shut immediately. They were breathing hard. Both leant over, hands upon knees, bent over huffing. As the train began to move both stood up and leant against the rocking transport, still breathing heavy. Then John began to laugh, "how ridiculous" was all he said. Sherlock joined in the laughter, he agreed "yes, quite ridiculous."
Sherlock looked confused, almost as if Lestrade doing something intelligent was impossible. “Oh, I thought you had… finger cramp or something. Right were is the crime scene?”
He took the initiative to go just before they were about to descend meaning that he wouldn’t be allowed to move from his seat. John stood daintily and wobbled his way to the lavatory. In the loo mirror he took the courtesy to assess the damage. His eyes were a bit pink but aside from that he looked alright. Admittedly his arse was a bit sore, then he remembered that he fell out of his seat.
"Dear Sherlock Holmes,
(See the end of the chapter for
John physically sunk into his seat and placed his hands over his mouth. “Oh John lighten up, this is what normal people do, that’s what you want right? To be like everyone else, or for me to be like everyone else or something. People drink on planes, you wanted a consequence we have a consequence. We have...”  Sherlock looked at his watch and said, “five hours and forty-five minutes left on this plane. Let’s not be boring. Now I believe you have a question to answer.”
Sherlock could tell all of this by the smallest of details. Even mannerisms. And the speed! Sherlock probably figured out the darkest secrets of around thirty people before he’d finished his Americano. They checked in and went through security with nothing noteworthy happening, and the people watching game continued even once the two men had taken their adjacent seats on the plane.
Every inch of his being screamed 'John pay attention to me!' He had a point, John had barely looked at him since he had awoken from his unconscious terror. What was wrong with him? Sherlock was so focussed on the case of which the answer lay literally thousands of miles away (most likely) that he made the faulty, nay catastrophic assumption that John was just distressed of the isolation endured, if only he could string together all the signs of desire that lay behind John's, well everything.The body language, the blushing, the not so secret stares, everything. John turned and finally connected eyes with his detective. Those electric eyes, so full and enigmatic John wondered if it was even possible to not let your heart become totally lost in its misty waters. John said nothing and Sherlock waved his hands dramatically mid air as if to say 'What the actual fuck? You have not been yourself for daaaaaaaaaaaays, I need the actual you! The doctor, assistant, trusted companion, therapist, the lot! Get here NOW.' John got it, he had been waiting for this for days to be frank.
Love you all.
Then a miracle occurs for both John and Sherlock alike.
Like really really real
gawwwwwwwddddddddddddddddd
On arriving at 221b John commented on its prime location and other tattle that Sherlock generally ignored. He admired Speedy’s café and how it would be great for hangovers and such of that nature. Sherlock just gave the occasional ‘hmm’ whilst reminding John to pay, unpacking the car with their small number of possessions and finally unlocking the front door. The gold knocker was at it’s usual ajar, meaning that Mycroft wasn’t in, much to Sherlock’s relief. As John entered behind Sherlock grinning ear to ear, Sherlock called for Mrs. Hudson.
If someone figures it out please write below!!
“Wait so there is no out? There should be a consequence if we want out?”
John took and deep breath and accepted what was happening, maybe it could be fun after all. He rose up from his position and sat up straight once more. “Right, erm I would, do the same as you, speak everything on my mind, everyone tells me I should speak more anyway.”
ERMAHGERD BET YOU DID NOT THINK I'D BE BACK THIS SOON
Sherlock ignored the antics of his brother, most of which were to upset him anyway, but he didn't want to go either. It wasn't the flying, at least he didn't think it was. It wasn't the destination either. All he could feel was that he wanted to be with Redbeard, he wanted to sit with his friend and talk to him. Talk to him like he could no one else. Get grassy knees and a slobbery face. Why could he not come. Surely they could have let him on the plane somehow. Redbeard was better than most people Sherlock thought. As they turned the final corner to their gate, Sherlock felt hot tears well out his eyes and down onto his mothers cardigan. He wanted his puppy. They were the last ones to board, but they made it on. Mycroft was plopped into his seat and he shuffled uncomfortably until his freshly pressed trousers were creased. Sherlock angrily kicked the seat in front as soon as he was sat down. "Sherlock, stop. You know better, would you like it if someone was kicking your seat?" his mother asked. He stopped and let his feet dangle in the air. As all family members sat and buckled up, Sherlock was offered some comfort. "I know you want Redbeard sweetheart, I know you miss him, but he'll be fine, of course he will, he's a good boy, and we'll bring him something back, he'll be very pleased with you darling, hey?" She stroked her youngest sons head until he relaxed slightly. The plane started to move to its starting position when the crew addressed the flyers,
“There was a big fuss and we were not allowed to bury her until the police figured out what the fuck was going on, and it wasn’t until you got involved that you figured out who killed her and why they killed her. I should be angry with you Mr. Holmes because ultimately my grandmother may still be alive, or in the least had died a peaceful and not terrifying death if you didn’t exist. But it happened, and I am glad that you existed to bring her murderer to justice. So first of all I forgive you but I also thank you. Don’t give me this bullshit about not caring by putting on some insensitive show because you read something about me online because Mr. Holmes, Sherlock, without even meeting you I know you care about solving things for people, important things like love, passion and death are commonplace to you. I know you are a man with addictive traits because you do nothing but solve murders, which are a fix itself; adrenaline is a dangerous chemical on its own. You are never-not in the papers being stereotyped, analysed and praised Sherlock. Your brother is a powerful man and I fear this just as much as you do.”
Therapy truly commences and Sherlock and Dr. Watson discuss Sherlock's apparent need for drug use. Who knows, it may even end in a game of chess? ;)
“No, but I know a bluff when I see one.” The unflinching manner and the growl John could feel in his belly was a strength he had no idea where it was coming from. But he had to admit, he liked it. The boss laughed and breathed through his cigar. “Well, we did not kill her Doctor.”
War begun set down on paper
Oh god I cannot stop the feels. I will find some fluff somewhere again. I promise.
"Sherlock please, put. Something. On." With every stretched syllable John squeezed his eyes so hard they crinkled every part of his ageing face. "Oh please by the history on your laptop you are fixated by the human anatomy, and besides I'll only stop once you stop laughing, and even then I probably won't stop." Sherlock leaped onto the sofa, his knees bent then impressively straight in an instant, his behind bouncing until still upon the grey leather. He wrapped the sheet around his whole self, tucking his knees into the folds until he was nothing but a head with curly locks submerged in white cotton. John stood bemused, what was fast becoming a common part of his everyday. "Anyway you are only in a dressing gown." John scoffed, and Sherlock wriggled some more. There was an awkward pause, a moment of still in which they could only share the sounds that London had to offer. People, voices, footfall, sirens, music, trains, life. Then the sound of John's toes shuffling on the wood interrupted it all, somehow pushing the whole of London out with just his digits. "Tea?"
John jokingly shook his head before placing out his hand in front of him to shake the hand of his opponent, just as he had the first time they met. Except Sherlock took his hand this time. Whilst mid-shake John said, “Well Sherlock we shouldn’t play chess ever again I don’t think.”
Sherlock was very weak at this stage, he needed some more professional medical attention and John was thinking of how to get it to him whilst scouting out for the right airline desk. He settled on British Airways, as they would definitely be able to associate with John’s sense of urgency. None of this lost in translation, time wasting bullshit. He wheeled Sherlock up to one of the front desks and said, rather out of breath, “hi, we need two tickets for the next flight to London please.” Once more John and Sherlock were left waiting for a woman to stop typing which seemed to go on for an age.
This is it. The preparation for the tidal wave ahead.
Sherlock just gave a look and so John turned around. ”You realize Sherlock that I was in the army, I have seen a lot of naked men.” Sherlock completely ignored the comment and was in full focus of the task in front of him. He attempted with as few whimpers a possible to undo his belt and hover daintily to allow gravity to let the trousers slide down to his ankles. It was at his stage Sherlock was glad he went commando that day many days ago, taking underwear off would have been a nightmare. He did smell of dirt and the metallic smell of blood arose from his body but he would have to shower later. He definitely did not enjoy being unclean, but being alive felt better, even if he was alive in his own filth. At this point he could not help but whine like a puppy as he as quickly as possible pulled the bottoms over his long legs. On getting them to his waist he sighed in relief and told the back of John’s head, “We need to get out.”
"good reflexes, you'll do"
John makes tea and Sherlock nearly makes him spill it with seven words.
Sherlock and John recomposed themselves and stood. They shook off their communal fits of giggling just as they shook the dust from their clothes. Once floor-dust free, they looked each other in the face and shared a mutual contented sigh.
Sherlock slid the card across the desk from his chair and said “fine.”
“Her step brother. He worked with us too. Now Doctor I really must be getting on, people to threat, games to play, that kind of thing.” At this stage John wasn’t even listening, he was thinking.
John and Sherlock now had less than two hours to get out of the country. On arriving at the airport John looked anxiously around to spot the ‘monitors’ the masked men had spoke of. So much so that he nearly forgot to pay the taxi driver. John uttered an apology and handed him over way too much and before the driver had time to question the amount, John had painfully placed Sherlock into the wheelchair and was essentially sprinting him into the terminal.
John and Sherlock are flying to Shanghai for a case, and about half way through the long flight the two very bored companions decide upon a drinking game in an attempt to ease their boredom.
“You keep your nails short and your hair irrefutably in place, some may say it was the army that made you this way but the childhood pictures about this room tell me otherwise. Suggesting that you like things in a certain way, you need control, if there is no order in your life you spiral, a very human thing to do. You walk bare foot and you speak your mind, so you are confident and competent in all you attempt to do. I imagine on your signing up to the army there was no control in your life, everything was everywhere and there was nothing that could be done about it. A family death maybe, someone close to you was ill or maybe you were just too bogged down with the big questions no person can comprehend. Either way you needed escape, but it had to be specific, planned, nothing less than controlled. You may have considered other professions initially such as Doctor, hence why you are here right now, but it proved long hours and it didn’t satisfy the clear addiction to adrenaline you have yourself. So then the army, structured and a rush all at once. You feel the chase just as much as I do Watson, which is why coming on a case with me is a most splendid idea. Your move.”
Sherlock reached into his Belstaff coat and pulled out a carton of cigarettes, as he proceeded to light one, John plucked it between his grasp and snapped it clean in two before dropping it into his now empty cocktail glass, giving nothing but a disapproving stare. Sherlock simply went to pull another one, but John did the same, and again and again. Five cigarettes sat snapped in John's glass, the tower of unlit tobacco reached nearly the rim before Sherlock gave up and spoke, clearly frustrated. "Well you are definitely not kind." John smiled, the fish had taken the bait, now all he had to do was real it in, "No Sherlock, you are wrong, in me not allowing you to smoke those, I am being incredibly kind and maybe even saving your life." Sherlock rolled his eyes, "oh for gods sake," he breathed, John crossed his arms. He was getting tired. "One in four cigarettes cause cancerous cells to be produced, that brilliant head of yours could be concocting up a tumour right now and you wouldn't even know of it until you one day had a seizure and dropped dead." Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, "John we are getting off track, you need a whisky," John didn't even bother to actually respond to what was supposed to be a request, he knew by now he didn't have a choice once Sherlock had made a suggestion. "Deux Glann ar Mor s'il vous plait."
It was at his nod that six faceless individuals came into the room and preceded to forcefully walk John and Sherlock to a larger room and instead of attaching them to the seats they sat on, they were attached to one another. Hand cuff to hand cuff, wrist to wrist. John felt brave now, with Sherlock he felt like he needed to defend them, Sherlock was clearly weak and who, had obviously endured some horrific things. With this notion John even ignored those in front of him and looked into Sherlock’s eyes, “Sherlock, we are going to be okay.”
“Sir we will not be able to use your rooms for the next week as it was booked for all of that time, we will have to charge you for all of that booked time.”
“Oh, well then you’ll know everything about Cocaine. I didn’t expect anything less Sherlock.”
“I know John.”
New shirt hole free floating by
“Well John, one is a Doctor, the shorter one, you can tell by the tan lines on his wrists and the length of his tie, the other, the taller man, is a sociopath detective, you can tell by the curve of his nose and the crook of his brow.”
John walked up to Sherlock and took both his forearms in his hands and squeezed gently. “It’s everything you did, I’ve never had a patient like you! No, never met anyone like you! You are incredible Sherlock. Just hearing you speak, being around you has made me feel younger, not just that either, it’s the best I’ve felt in years and what has it been two days?! Can I confess something?”
Sherlock sat back and placed his fingertips so they connected and made his hands arch in front of his body. It was an intellectual pose, and made John understand why many thought him eccentric in person.
Soon.
Kudos to whoever translated whilst reading ;)
I'll go iron my hands like Dobby or something.
When he calmed down he faced Sherlock and said as serious as he could muster “I am glad you are back Sherlock.”
With slight relief Sherlock took an awaited inhale of breath and squandered over John’s question. “Well, John my estimate would be most likely escape.”
Comment below what you think it all means...
“Sherlock, thank you, what you have said has been indeed helpful. Would.. would you mind awfully if you showed me your forearms?”
“Yes right, yeah, as the letter says, it’s in Hampstead. Anderson will take you.”
John swallowed his gulp, "no matter how much you have informed me, from the day I have met you, I have always just seen you as human, not a high functioning sociopath, you have had no labels in my eyes, I've never put expectation or judgement on you or anything you do, I have just let you be you, of course I have helped, you haven't relapsed since we came out of my old place of work, which is great, you have had a lot of cases to deal with, which admittedly I am aware has kept you distracted, but for the most part, you've been good company, I like the work we do, it has given meaning to my life once more, an importance I haven't felt since I was in Afghanistan, you feel the way you do about me, about us, because the whole fucking world has a go at you for being smart, but I haven't, neither does Lestrade, Molly or Mrs Hudson interestingly, and I don't give a fly-ing-fuck what your theories are about it because your whole existence has shaped you to think up theories in the first place, don't be concerned by us and where we are heading, because it is all going in the right direction and is all going to be okay." Sherlock sat stumped, never had anyone been quite so direct with him, John downed the rest of his remaining drink and stood up, Sherlock simply stared at where John used to be, meaning his eyes gazed glued to the wall, John patted Sherlock on the chest with several light thuds before saying, "night, sleep well" and sauntering out, with a little drunken swagger the bartender admired. As he reached the doorway, he swivelled round and yelled to Sherlock, in an otherwise empty bar at three in the morning, "oh and Sherlock give the bartender a tip." And then he was gone.
The bag was lifted from his head and he was indeed very alone. His eyes adjusted to the light and he was in a small room with white walls and a concrete ceiling. Alarmingly there was a grate in the corner of the room and the floor sloped towards it as if blood needed to be easily cleaned from this floor. This room had clearly been designed for torture. John felt as if he was going to faint. Where was Sherlock? He said this was a tactic and they wouldn’t hurt him but it severely felt like the detective was wrong. If this was just a threat it was loaded and primed. His entire body shook with fear, and the two men encircled him, assessing his weak points. They spoke to each other in their foreign tongue, but even if it was in English there was no way John would be able to understand for the fear had ravaged his brain. John could only watch wide eyed and shaking like a baby deer trapped in a barbed wire fence.
John and Sherlock have arrived in Somerset to investigate the murder of an American Governor on request of a young and naive police detective, the body on the beach provides clues however John misses a vital piece of information that only Sherlock can spot arousing questions in them both.
CASE CONCLUSION
John began to leave but a weak voice stopped him. “Please don’t go.”
John orders some lunch, Sherlock gets changed and considers friendship before a game of chess alongside which the discussion of war ensues. Could get heated even before their first mouthful of garlic bread.
Sherlock spat the word ‘people’ out as if it were an antagonizing black mass whose sole purpose was to question his whole purpose and existence.
Give everything
TO THE BEACH THEY GO
John and Sherlock continue their game of chess which proves to be a test of character.
"These have been the best months of my life, and it's all because of you."
“Good, glad we agree, move in in two days time Watson?”
Another riddle to be cracked, another code to be broken, more people to meet and figure out. Sherlock could dance and John could sing. This is what they lived for.
John’s eyes moved from Sherlock’s face to the wall ahead, except he was most definitely not looking at the wall, but the horrid images that unwillingly played themselves in his head, he attempted to shake them out, he closed his eyes, lowered his head and shook it lightly from side to side only a few times. On rubbing his temples, he looked up to reconnect eyes with the detective, “will you ask him these kind of things tomorrow?” Sherlock gave a single solemn nod, “even if it is untrue his reaction may be vital.” John lowered his worried hand and put it on his hip, bodies very much a part of the conversation. Sherlock continued his roll of thoughts after one sharp breath between his teeth, “right, we find out about Mark Warren, we need details on him, we could crack him too whilst we are at it, why waste the opportunity, most lawyers are frightful beasts” Sherlock gave a playful smirk, “we need to get as much out of Henry as possible, play any potential weaknesses, his relationship with his father, the mother of Eleanor in the nursing home, his children, wife, his law practice, look up anything he may have been publicly or privately involved in in his profession, we need images of Eleanor, dead and alive, we need to have both those handwritten letters, and the bank statements and the smugglers letters, we need to ensure we discuss his connections personally with the smugglers, an embarrassment like that in front of a colleague like Mark may push him enough to abandon needing a lawyer, we need to understand the man, the drive for incest, murder and most importantly we need his handwriting. John, the chase is the most on it has been as of yet!” Sherlock clapped a single time, and both knowing what was needed done they spent most of the night researching, printing, preparing, noting, talking, pacing and thinking, before they knew it John’s morning alarm chimed. Looking at one another, there was a mutual nod and for battle they prepared. Coats on, down the stair and out the door. The interview room waited and it couldn’t be said who out of the two was looking forward to it the most.
“John no one I swear.”
“Sherlock you are lying to me! You couldn’t have pulled that off by yourself! Not even you! Who knew?!”
Yeah. Yeah it was.
“No she was too large an asset, a key to the Western black market. There is something else in the second letter, in between the first and the second letter I think she made a threat to leave, she was informed by the first letter that she was not going to be given more money, despite her request, so she replied saying something along the lines of if I’m not going to be treated as if I’m needed then I’ll take my illegal ways elsewhere, blah blah blah, then they sent this second letter, angry angry angry.”
John initially thought he was joking, then remembered Sherlock doesn’t joke about practicalities. “Sherlock we’ve only known each other a fortnight.”
Sherlock began to laugh, laugh the hardest he has laughed in a long time. In fact he couldn’t remember the last time he had laughed at all. John laughed with him, and was glad he could bring him some ease through the first of many difficult nights to come.
It was getting particularly late at night, and by the time the pair had reached the port at Calais, the night air was already causing the flowers to shrink and the grass to glaciate. There would be definite dew when the sun made its reappearance. Floating vessel docked without problem, rather loudly maybe was the only criticism; it's complex pump system spluttered beneath the water and the boat shook its way into still as it bounced along the pier. As they disembarked from the crypt of the ferry, immediately it was only French voices that could be heard. Both Sherlock and John were exhausted; it had been a particularly long day. Sherlock drove them to their destination; it was a quaint bed and breakfast over looking the marina. Perfect when the hunt is for a boat. Both men, now on automatic, had several conversations with staff members before being shown up to their hotel rooms. (This time they did in fact have different rooms, unlike what they had in Minehead,) the pair said goodnight and so John dropped off his clothes, threw them in a pile and crashed into the bed, not acknowledging his surroundings one bit, he fell into a deep sleep.
“Sherlock it’s a nickname for… never mind, carry on.”
John rubbed the back of his neck, smoothing down the stray hairs with his right palm. On his first word he leant forward and rested his elbows on the table and placed his conjoined hands of the table’s surface.
tingling
Enjoy!
Sherlock nodded and a tear finally did what it had no choice but to do; it flowed from his eye, frequenting the detectives cheek and lips before falling to dissipate on not his palm, but the back of John’s hand. They both looked at the water change from its significance to not being there at all before they allowed their hands to separate.
The ping noise went off and Sherlock ignored it and continued to play Bach whilst pacing around his bed. "Sherlock? Another email's come in..." was the only extent John went to, who sat on the sofa with a steaming mug of tea. Sherlock rolled his eyes and said, "check it if you want to but I'm sure it'll be just as easy and boring as the other fifty-two I've received in the past thirty-six hours." John stood up with a teeny audible moan, put his mug down, and went to the open laptop on the rickety desk. John nudged it by waving a middle finger across the touch pad. The screen shone to life and the email was entitled, "Body on a beach." John clicked on it and began to read. After reading the first paragraph alone, he smiled. 'Sherlock would like this' he thought. John stood upright once more, and said loud enough, "Sherlock, you'll like this one." Bach stopped his melody. John heard Sherlock shuffle through his door frame and waddle through to meet John's side. Sherlock held onto both sides of the sheet and leant down to read.
“Talk to the police, find out general information on the smuggling game, locate them, find who knew Eleanor, and who wrote those letters, establish if they are likely to have killed her.”
“Yes, thank you,” squeaked Sherlock.
Sherlock was right, of course he was.
The car stopped and this time Sherlock paid. They walked onto the pavement and John couldn’t bring himself to look upon Sherlock’s face any longer.
This gif selection makes me happy
The three walked in a line, Sherlock in the middle, John to his left, closer to in-land, Olivia to the right, closer to the very waves that washed up the body and therefore closer to death itself. They walked parallel to the beach, looking at the full expanse of the westerly coastline in now largely a pale moonlight. It was only until the crunch of stones was beneath their shoes as they met the beach that Olivia began her prepared words, "Mister Holmes, and erm Doctor Watson, thank you so much for coming, we do have a small team here for this sort of thing, but they are all stumped, we are not used to this kind of work, any of it, you know, we deal with stolen bins and missing cats and that sort of thing, we just don't know what we are doing." She was clearly overwhelmed. Her nervous babbling progressed, "and this being so big and all, we only knew that this man was Paul Delaney because the lady that found him was a woman, Sandra, who had spent a lot of time in the states, she said this chap was a bit infamous, we haven't run no tests, or moved nothing." John did listen, and he did actually sympathise, but Sherlock did not hear a word, right then his sole focus was the little white tent that rested about half way up the beach maybe another two hundred metres away. The light reflecting off the moon, lit the tent like some kind of beacon, it's whiteness echoing along the sand. It stuck out like a smile at a funeral, and even John found himself very drawn to it, like a distant fire on a cold night. As they got closer both men picked up the pace, anxious to hone whatever was inside. Olivia did keep talking but even John now could not hear anything. He thought, 'i'm sure you are a very nice person but I really cannot focus on you right now.' Her mouth was moving and she was walking very fast to keep up but she was not a part of this duo.
Sherlock and John spend days together before leaving the rehab centre as partners in crime.
“Alright John, you start.”
lots of feels
fav line: "If he was honest with himself just being called 'Captain' by Sherlock was arousing."
John sat forward and scrunched his eyebrows together. Waiting patiently for Sherlock to finally speak.
Sherlock cleared his throat as if he was preparing for his voice to run for a long while.
LETTERS
Some more orders were given and to both John and Sherlock’s panic, John's hands were tied, his mouth was covered with thick silver tape and a black bag was put over his head. By the noises that ensued it sounded like Sherlock was given the same treatment and the knock of his elbow against John’s confirmed that for him.
On reaching Scotland Yard on 8-10 Broadway, John witnessed Sherlock rather gracefully propel himself over a fence. John moved with too much momentum to stop himself from attempting the same. He ended up awkwardly flipping himself over and landing on his back on the concrete. Sherlock turned just before reaching the front door to make a brief smirk before continuing through the spinning doors. He really did like John. John sighed on his back before jumping up and following after Sherlock. Thank god that limp was gone.
New chapter up soon x Will they find the Cleopatra?! WHO KNOWS
Top Gear was for G and K
And Watch Out For
Sherlock and John arrive back in London after what feels like an age away. A friendly cab driver provides a new opinion and a reunion with Lestrade proves most fruitful.
"Car games?" asked Sherlock, inevitably inquisitive at such a suggestion. John gave a slight nod and a slow "yes." Sherlock uncrossed his arms and sat up straight, preparing himself for whatever challenge John suggested. "What do you recommend?" he asked whilst staring determined at the flying tarmac. "Well most car games involve memory, which seems hardly fair as you remember every fact under the sun, so I believe it may be a fairer cop if we play 'name that tune.'" Sherlock immediately rolled his eyes, this would be dull. He had expectations of earth shattering Hawkins maths equations to take a crack at. "John I would rather read your emails." John pulled his head back in dismay, "my emails?!" Sherlock raised a half smile, "the ones to your sister are particularly fascinating." John was upset once more, "but that is password protected?!" Huffing consumed Sherlocks whole being, "easy, you are proud of your military career, Kandahar71, took me three attempts." John scoffed, he was impressed but what a dick-head. "Sherlock just please, just, we'll play one round and if it is really that unbearable then we'll do something else, we have like another eight hours of this so please just." Sherlock saw John grind his teeth, he didn't want to upset his only friend in this life. He wasn't used to having to control his behaviour, "fine John, you go first." John gave a relieved nod of the head, "thank you, right let me think." After a twenty second interval John said a "got it" before bracing himself to hum.
With that, a well known shared smile spread and the beaches of Calais were coming into view.
(psssssst They may also end the night on a beach in the moonlight... just saying)
Hashtag Johnlock ever? WHO KNOWS.
FANFIC'S BACK BACK
They both still had their coats on so there was no need for faffing around. They walked straight to the door and Sherlock left the residence first with a sudden spring in his step. John was his friend again. That is all that mattered. Maybe they could solve another mystery before the night was over. After all Lestrade knew he lived now so maybe he would ring with a case. John was a little more hesitant, and anger still sat at the pit of his stomach. To almost give himself the potential for an excuse he faced Mary in the doorway “Are you sure?” Mary simply nodded and gave his face a small pinch; “Yes husband I am.”
Sherlock arrives in what is essentially John's prison cell, it appears he too has been suffering. The meet the crime boss and some questions need to be answered. Brave or stupid, you decide.
“Erm right well, Sherlock do you think we should be leaving? I’ll drive you back to Baker Street not a problem, besides we have a lot to catch up on, well Mary if you need…”
"Whilst I was not in fact born out of wedlock, I am in fact silly" Sherlock held up a hand and said rather loudly, "Air hostess, two Gin and Tonics please!"
John replied with a quiet chuckle, and with that Sherlock put on his leather gloves that were probably more expensive than anything John had ever owned, and clambered aboard a boat, arguably the largest in the marina. John had expected this of course, but he felt naughty, he was much more by the book still and he wanted to be a bit more like Sherlock in this way. Capable of not giving a fuck about anything and its consequences, especially in the midst of a case. So John stood on the floating pier and whispered nervously "Sherlock!" On Sherlock not even taking note, too enthralled in his new surroundings and what they may tell him, John looked back at the old man remaining on the concrete. He was sitting on a bollard with his chin touching his chest, his glasses resting on the end of his nose. The poor sod was fast asleep. They were off the hook. As John made his way to enter the boat, one leg was over the edge when Sherlock said, "don't touch anything!" The tone of his voice made John jump and he lost his footing. He felt head first, arms out stretched knocking Sherlock to the ground. They lay tangled in another for a second and the entire boat rocked. Once still it was clear that John had banged his knee rather hard on the way down and he was breathing hard through clamped teeth in attempt to reduce the pain. He clung onto it with both hands and rolled around for a second.
Laughter really was a cure. Tension seemed to be washed away with the sound waves.
About ten seconds after the door closed Sherlock keeled over in pain. He rolled onto his back and moaned in agony. John became the army doctor again. No resources and a wounded soldier. This used to be what he lived for.
“Sherlock that isn’t would you rather.”
In fact Sherlock thought that he might just give up on life entirely if John were to leave. How could he have become so dependent on someone so quickly? Loneliness doesn’t depend on how little people you are surrounded by, it depends on how you feel when with other people. It’s a state of mind, not how little people you know or judged by how much time you spend alone. Someone can spend their whole life with one other person and not feel lonely. Sherlock would feel lonely no matter who or how many people he was with. Maybe John was this one person that didn’t make him feel lonely.
"Oh John for god sake don't become a feeling idiot in this moment." John just began to laugh, Sherlock had just made them a 'we.' He felt butterflies in his belly. "Sherlock Holmes just said our, I didn't think you were possible of the word." To John's further entertainment Sherlock once more crossed his arms like a six year old, "Oh honestly John you made such a fuss yesterday about not going anywhere I'm simply playing at your emotions to get what I want." John looked cockily back at the paper he couldn't understand a word of and said "that, or you are actually beginning to think that you need me." Even though Sherlock remained stiff lipped and the cross-armed-grump, there was a definite blush in his cheeks, and the change of colour made John beam behind the veil of the paper.
On circling the pillar, a door was on the opposite wall. He could hear talking. It was quiet, and distant but he could hear it none the less. He braced himself and reached for the handle. It was old, brass, rusted. it would make noise for sure. He knew he needed to act fact. He took a deep breath and gripped. All in one motion, he twisted the handle and flung the door open.
Sherlock finally opens up about something that may change their friendship forever...
John extended his hands from one another, "what?! Are you telling me they don't actually do that?" Sherlock shook his head before considering this response "only the idiotic ones do." John nodded and ducked out his lips, "fair enough."
It's it my eyes
Soon reporters started to crowd round the pair, making an escape seem less and less plausible. "Keep walking John," Sherlock urged. They scrambled their way out of the maze of shouts and lenses, and left behind them professional sighs and audible frustrations. John was glad they were not followed and Watson and Holmes found themselves on the beach once more, one clue closer to finding their culprits. They headed towards the only rocky section of the beach, it sat beyond the the point of the bodies temporary resting place, which was still strangely marked out by a now empty white tent and police tape that no longer served a purpose. They obviously just hadn't got round to dealing with it yet. They walked past the tent and with it behind and out of sight it gave John shivers and the hair on the back of his neck began to stand, forcing him to turn around to glance at it's innocent frame whilst continuing to walk forward. The rocks met with the cliff face on two sides, water at another and out stretched sand for its final attachment. The cliff, sand and salt water all sat around the grounded rocks like estranged friends at a dinner table. As they descended upon the historic mass of stone John imagined a child Sherlock exploring similar stones, making deductions and seeing it all interweave together in one cause and ecosystem. At the same age as Sherlock would have done such things, John was probably doing what all normal British kids do. Catching crabs and placing them in a bucket full of salt water, the bigger the crab the better the feeling of inevitable success. Ogling at them the rest of the afternoon to just watch what they did, and how they interacted with one another. You'd maybe even place sand or seaweed in the bucket to make it feel 'homely,' even though essentially you'd cruelly imprisoned them when their natural habitat sat agonisingly behind the brightly coloured plastic. Then the sun would sink lower into the sea and mum would say, "release the crabs" and they would either be lobbed back into the ocean or lovingly returned back to the very rock pool they had been plucked from, dependent on character and time albeit. The nostalgia caught John out as they slipped amongst the stones, trying to not get their shoes too wet, "Sherlock have you ever caught a crab?" Without turning round Sherlock said bluntly, "what a ridiculous question." John laughed, he didn't expect any less of a reply. "Well that must be rectified immediately" he joked, "John we are looking for anything murderers may have dumped, and potentially washed ashore, like a murder weapon for example, it's a slim chance but..." John interjected in the same jovial manner he apparently didn't want to let go of. "Blah blah blah blah blah, Sherlock Holmes, I am not listening to anything you say until you catch a crab." Sherlock was beginning to admire the humorous stubbornness that was John Watson. Of course he'd never say that, "John what is the point in terrifying a defenceless crustacean to hold for a moment before releasing it back to Poseidon?!" John hopped from one stone to another so they stood side by side, facing one another before John spouted a genuine, "because it's fun."
Sherlock began a chuckle before saying “Oh, I don’t know John I rather enjoyed it. We appear to have forgotten our lasagna, I imagine it is quite cold at this point.”
Stopping in his tracks on the silent road all bar the whistle of the waves a mere hundred yards away, Sherlock placed his bag upon the floor, raised his heels in a polite bob and took the short walk to the stranger who so needed him here. Arm out stretched he said, "Detective Chalmers I take it? You know who I am," on finishing a short shake of hands, Sherlock gestured towards John and continued, "this is Doctor Watson, my assistant." John and Olivia shook hands and spoke a short polite 'hello' and a 'nice to meet you.' Olivia was very young, she was definitely not what John had expected, her accent was local and broad, and her youthful face made John feel very old indeed. It was understandable why she would ask for help. By the time that was all done Sherlock had already recollected his bag and had begun walking towards the beach, John and Olivia watched the detective make an increasing gap with long determined strides. Without turning around he instructed the pair of them still dawdling stoke still, "to the beach, an investigation must begin." Without question John half walked, half jogged, to catch up with his flat mate, Olivia took a second longer; clearly she had no idea of the protocol on this, and even if she did, it had evidently never begun like this before.
*Throws feels at you, retreats.*
John and Sherlock receive a curious email.
So excited to start writing about cases!
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
John took one look at Sherlock who had now given up his protest and sat on a chair in Lestrades’ office. He looked like that aforementioned child in the supermarket who had now given up in his want. The cereal had been put back on the shelf and now they have sat on the floor in a stoop. Sherlock had put his knees up onto the chair so that they aligned with his chest. His eyes were angry and cast to the floor, he wanted nothing more than to punch someone but he clenched his fists. Maybe he'd fight Anderson later. John didn’t think it possible for a full grown adult to look so childish.
“Drugs, usually by injection, John we’ve been through all this?”
