And yet...
'Probably.' Mary sounded like she did not care. 'Dragging Molly around would have been pointless. She would have been a liability. Besides, all I needed was her voice. Two words was all it took to make John come running, and now he won’t be in my way.'
Frankly, he suspected he'd be more hindrance than help, and Rosie certainly wasn't going to contribute much to the process. Yet rather than dismiss them both out of hand, Sherlock drummed his fingers on the table before inclining his head towards the images he had captured at the Greek team's base of operations.
'They can go in the attic until Rosie’s a bit older, Sherlock dear,’ Mrs Hudson promised. 'They’ll be safe there.’ She waved a wrinkled hand at the various mementos and knickknacks strewn about the place, and Sherlock saw the room through new eyes.
It was time to strike.
'To tell you the truth I've been thinking about moving for a while. I got it right after the divorce. All that mattered was it being close to work and having a roof that didn't leak.' Greg cuffed a hand over his face, reaching for his drink. 'I know I'm not home much, but the times I am I'd quite like a few home comforts. Like a bath. A fireplace. Baker Street's got both of those.'
'But it doesn't seem likely.' John's top lip curled back from his teeth, his pale face gaining a hint of colour as anger began to win the battle for emotional dominance.
'Like you.' John looked at him, raising an eyebrow. 'Maybe that was deliberate. You know what Mary was like: she had fail-safes for her fail-safes. Always prepared. Perhaps she hoped that, if Rosie and I ever found ourselves in this situation, you'd have what it took to pick everything apart. She set you a challenge.'
Enemies came in all shapes and sizes. Back in the army, insurgents were just as likely to be women as they were men. Part of him wanted to wrap his fingers around her neck and squeeze – to punish her for all the pain she had caused him and Rosie – but another longed to remain unaffected. To show her once and for all that he was done caring about her.
Fools.
'There is a place for you and Rosie here, in Baker Street, for as long as you want it.' He smiled, soft and warm, his eyes agleam with something unspoken that John did not dare look at too closely. 'You need not even ask.'
'Breathe.' Sherlock's matter-of-fact command was something to cling to, and John did as he was told, focusing on the whisper of air through his lips. 'Give yourself a minute.'
Sherlock grinned, sharp and wicked. ‘Anderson may be useless in almost all aspects, but it seems he has a knack for moulage. His casts of those footprints were exemplary.’
John spluttered for air, too far gone for words. Even his anger could not act as a bulwark now. His shallow gasps grew deeper as the maelstrom abated, leaving his weight sagged against Sherlock's side, spent and shaking.
Something cupped his shoulder. He flinched away, his teeth bared in a snarl before he realised who it was. Not a stranger, as he had half-feared, but Mycroft and several of his men, clad in helmets and bulletproof gear. He shook his head, wondering if he was hallucinating. Mycroft continued to talk, his thin lips moving around words John could only just make out.
The DI waved them off with a flick of his hand, turning his attention to unpicking the mess of evidence. He'd contact them again when he needed their help. For now, they had been offered a reprieve.
John grunted an acknowledgement, hoping Sherlock wouldn't notice their hands were still linked. If he did, John was certain he would pull away, and that notion left him broken. He already felt strung out and weak, vulnerable and hating it. To have Sherlock withdraw and leave him on his own? He didn't think he could bear it.
John blinked, his mind struck blank not by Sherlock’s conclusion but by the brush of his fingers against the bare skin of John’s neck. It was nothing – an accidental point of contact – but that did not stop his heart from jumping into overdrive.
‘Don’t suppose there’s any chance he’s behind this stuff?’ John asked, sighing when Sherlock shook his head. ‘Pity. They’d love him in prison.’
Sherlock sighed, irritable to the point of wretchedness. How had it come to this? How had he reached a point where even the solace of his violin lay beyond his reach?
John huffed, settling back down at Sherlock's side. It wasn't that he was an impatient man, but his feet were starting to ache and his belly had begun to growl. Sherlock might ignore food on a case, but John was another matter, and the fried breakfast at lunchtime felt like a distant memory.
John nodded, running his fingers over his mouth in consideration. At his hip, the baby monitor echoed the sounds of Rosie's gentle babble back at them. Whether she fell asleep in her cot or not, a few minutes of peace and quiet wouldn't do her any harm. Besides, John needed these small snatches of time to himself: a brief moment to regain his balance so that he could ride the next wave his tumultuous life sent his way. With any luck, Rosie would take the hint and doze off. Her young mind and body relied heavily on sleep, and John would benefit from it, too.
'State-sanctioned,' Sherlock pointed out. 'A soldier by another name in many ways.'
There. A large portacabin stood to one side, with blinds drawn over the windows. It lay apart from the others, with two walls guarded by the ancient, impenetrable breezeblock of an old warehouse. To John's soldierly eyes, it was the ideal location, and he knew Mary would have decided the same.
Sleep would not return, and John shook his head, screwing up his gritty eyes only to open them again and heave himself from the bed. He padded over the carpet, turning on the baby monitor and sneaking from the room. If Rosie needed him, he would answer her call, but a few moments of true solitude felt like a blessed idea: a window of time to help him shore up his foundations and shake off the clinging vestiges of his dream.
He nodded once in quick understanding, gratified that Mycroft did not try to reason with him. Perhaps, as Sherlock's brother, he had the same need to be sure. No one followed his careful path through the long grass, though he knew Mycroft's operatives would have their guns at the ready, prepared to cover him. However, nothing disturbed the heavy, rural peace bar the whispering wind and careless birdsong. If he didn't know better, he could believe he was utterly alone.
By the time Mycroft arrived more than an hour later, the three of them had managed to rack up an impressive bill, ordering everything Rosie might require from clothes and bedding to toys, books and more mundane items. John and Mrs Hudson had been packing away some of Sherlock’s more rare and dangerous objects with care and diligence, and he had to admit the flat looked less crowded than it had only a short while ago.
John grinned, choosing not to answer. He’d much rather enjoy the sight in front of him. Sherlock was always gorgeous, of course, but time had been good to him. The flashes of silver at his temples only made him look distinguished, and the gentle lines starting to chart their path into his face softened some of his hardest expressions. And so what if the years and John’s cooking had finally put some fat on those bones? It had been much needed, and besides, John liked to see him like that.
Sherlock sighed, feeling a brief flash of envy for the victim. At least they did not have to suffer through this ludicrous conversation.
Oh, not always. Once, his brother had been a rook: off to one side, lacking guile and subtlety, barrelling in without any thought but to his own wishes. Mycroft could not quite pinpoint when that had changed. However, at some indeterminate point, he had looked up and realised the truth.
Sherlock seemed to share that notion. There had been no hurry in his reply. John had heard from both Greg and Molly that he had been in touch with them, informing them he would no longer be assisting the Yard or making use of the morgue. Sherlock was severing ties where he could.
Sherlock could not bring himself to disturb him. Instead, he eased back across the threshold and faced the living room, tired from cleaning but still restless. A hoary energy thrummed beneath his skin, fuelled by concern that he could not set to one side, no matter how hard he tried.
John said nothing, recalling the wash of his own doubts and grim fears of paranoia. Back at the beginning, he had been furious at the thought of Sherlock using his homeless network to keep tabs on him. Now he wished it was so blissfully benign.
'I'm afraid he was not fast enough.' Mycroft raised an eyebrow at John, tilting his head in mute apology. He did not tell Mary that John had died in the blast, but he heavily implied it. 'Was that not your intention?'
That only left one file, something hidden in a bizarre subroutine and protected with the kind of coding even Sherlock could not unravel. He'd had to outsource that particular task to someone else, and it would take time.
On a little shelf above it was a colour photo of a number of people in fencing white, each standing with their weapons poised and triumphant smiles on their faces.
John followed him down the stairs from the neat little flat, leaving the Yard behind to build their case. They knew where to find them if they needed more help. Besides, there was not much more either Sherlock or John could do.
'And if it's not me she asks to meet?'
He surrendered the paperwork, already shaking his head. ‘It can wait. Don’t disturb them. How long’ve they been like that?’
'Why not have Greg meet us there?' John demanded, his shoulders jerking in an anxious shrug. He kept recalling Molly's cry: the edge of fear in it like barbed wire across his skin. 'We shouldn't underestimate Mary just because we know her – or thought we did at any rate.'
Mycroft's driver waited for them, returning the wheelchair to the hospital reception without a word as they both sank into the car. John did up his seatbelt, glancing out of the window and realising they could not be more than half an hour away from Baker Street.
John considered it, wincing as a delicate shiver trickled down his spine. 'Yeah, all right.' If nothing else it might help the cold that seemed to press itself against the inside of his skin. In contrast, his eyes felt like hot coals in their sockets, burning every time he blinked, and an odd headache grumbled around inside his skull. 'Thanks.'
was never the plan. He may be weak to my advances, but he knows how to get to me just as easily.
John lay in the depths of the quilt, his eyes shut and his breathing steady. The curtains across the window bathed the room in soft twilight, and only a stray sunbeam intruded through a chink in the fabric. It caught in the ashy blonde of John's hair, turning it to gold: precious and rare. Yet there was a pallor to his skin that made Sherlock scowl, emphasised by the flags of ruddy colour on his cheeks: the virus making its presence known.
He put the DVD in the machine, expecting to see dark eyes and a mad smile. Instead...
One body fell, then another, and he swallowed hard as he watched, his eyes catching on the small, glittering clouds of smoke and gunpowder residue. Yet the splinter group did not break cover and run for the Hind. No doubt they realised that they didn't stand a chance against it. Instead, they defended themselves, moving with seamless determination, separating out in an effort to escape the notice of Mycroft's men and make themselves smaller targets.
‘God, no.’ John grinned. ‘It’s Mummy’s birthday tomorrow, and Mycroft didn’t remind us of that fact until today, because he’s a smug git like that. We spent the whole afternoon tearing up and down Regent’s Street.’
Sherlock did not bother to correct Mycroft and remind him that Mary's last name was Watson. Perhaps it was uncharitable, but this Mary, the one who had plunged their lives into such chaos, did not deserve the acknowledgement of the family she had created. Not anymore. 'Your people documented it?'
Molly reached out, giving John a quick pat on the elbow. 'I'll see what I can find out. If I’m wrong and it is Sherlock, I'll tell him to stop.'
'No, Mycroft. You'll need to tell him yourself. He'll have questions I won't be able to answer.'
They looked to the future, and it was time Sherlock did the same.
Closing his eyes, John scrubbed his hands over his face, trying to remember anything but the tatters of his own fear. 'No, I – I don't think so. They didn't go through drawers or cupboards. They came upstairs, after Rosie and me.'
'John?'
'Except, before long, Mary had connections too. She needed you less and less. I imagine the situation would have become untenable before too much longer, but Mary made some kind of mistake.' Sherlock gestured with his hand, an indifferent wave of dismissal. 'Perhaps she declined an offer from the wrong buyer, one who would not take no for an answer. One who did not understand the unspoken rules of the trade. Suddenly, they had O Dio in their sights, and if they got to Mary then they would get to you too.'
'I have no doubt.'
Sherlock made a noise like an angry cat, and John glanced in his direction, taking in the curl of his lip. They’d paused on their way to the crime scene. Well, he’d stopped, and Sherlock had obliged him, just for a moment. Now, there was no denying the irritation in his friend’s face. Not at John and the delay he had caused, but at the two fencers locked in their waltz.
At first, it was subtle. John's gaze would linger a little longer when their eyes met. He seemed more willing to share his smiles. The edges of his personal space – broadened by anger, enforced by the pandemic and then eroded to nothing by his illness – did not return, at least when it came to Sherlock's presence.
'Can we see where it points? Use Google Earth or whatever?' he rasped, clearing his throat and shifting where he sat, wondering if it had been a mistake to barge into Sherlock's room. He hadn't even thought twice about it. Now his surroundings seemed surprisingly intimate, not helped by Sherlock's sleep rumpled body within arm's reach.
Sherlock opened his eyes, jolting in surprise when he noticed the quality of light. The sun had risen more fully, spilling its wealth through the windows and gleaming off the tilework. The kettle boiled on the kitchen surface, and Rosie sat in her high chair, decorating herself and the room around her with what looked like some kind of banana puree. John stood by the toaster, dressed in his pyjamas, his bare feet wriggling against the floor, unexpectedly vulnerable.
He inched across the threshold, noting all the small changes that suggested Mrs Hudson had been up here, dropping things off or tidying something. She was restless. Helpless. The same as everyone else in this forsaken situation. He could not blame her the intrusion.
It did not matter what logical reassurances his mind could conjure, they did nothing to appease the constant, edgy fear that coalesced into a tense knot in his stomach. He caught himself fidgeting, unable to settle to anything.
'For what?' John took the stack of glossy prints from Sherlock's grasp, already herding Rosie in the right direction. 'Anything specific?'
'This isn't about me.' Sherlock stilled where he sat, holding himself strong and resolute against the sudden sharpness of John's glare. 'What I would do is immaterial, but whatever you decide, our first course of action is clear: we must discover what it is that they seek. Armed with that information, we might have an idea how to proceed.'
. I never could be sure. Even with that very moving speech at our wedding, I could never quite get a grasp on your feelings, Sherlock. Now I know. The great Sherlock Holmes, undone by sentiment. So, you would help me, not for my own sake, but for John's? You do realise that, if your brother is to be believed, John is beyond caring about such things? Mycroft implied he'd not survived the blast at the warehouse.'
'Yeah. Thanks, Sarah. There's plenty who can help out, as long as they've not got it too.'
It only rang twice before the call connected, and John's stomach gave a tense little flip as he turned to watch the clock, counting off the seconds.
He watched the clouds of emotion skate across John's face, a veritable tempest of consideration. The conflict did not surprise him. For all his vitriol, John was still a man who loved deeply. Even when wronged – and no one could deny that was precisely what Mary had done – he remembered the sentiments they had shared. He recalled what they had been to one another, even as he faced down the prospect of a ruined relationship scattered before him by Mary's own misdeeds.
Patience had never been one of Sherlock's virtues. Mycroft knew that well enough, but as the hours slipped by, Sherlock could not help but wonder if his brother was keeping him waiting on purpose. It would not surprise him; Mycroft did like to meddle. He had proved that long ago, and re-confirmed it when he sent Sherlock to this safe-house.
John paused, considering Sherlock's question in the glassy, strange clarity that the fever had left in its wake. Back when Sherlock returned, the "why" hadn't made a blind bit of difference. He'd been so angry: furious at how he had suffered for nothing – grieved for nothing. That eclipsed any joy he might have felt in seeing Sherlock alive and well after all.
has the file I need? Who gave himself away last night when he scampered off to save his country from embarrassment? And who would do absolutely anything to protect his little brother?'
He watched his reflection in the windows, looking not at himself but at his surrounding in the backwards images offered by the glass. Pedestrians streamed around him: other workers on their break, shoppers, mums and their toddlers... He paused by a boutique selling ludicrously expensive baby clothes, pretending to examine their wares. An absent-minded bite of the sausage roll filled his mouth, and he chewed it thoughtfully, waiting until the moment he saw what he was looking for.
‘Bloody hell, Anderson!’ Lestrade huffed. ‘Three hundred years ago, maybe, but are you telling me something like the QE2 is a boat not a ship just because it’s got no masts?’
'I'm seeing things,' he whispered, dragging his hands down his face and huffing as Rosie babbled in agreement. 'That's all it is.'
Mary.
Though fever and illness left their mark, John at least looked more peaceful that he had that first night. Lines of tension that marred his face during his waking hours fled, leaving him relaxed in sleep's respite. His hair, dishevelled and lank, clung to his temples, and those blunt, capable hands curled in the depths of the quilt. He did not sprawl as he slept, but rested on his side, leaving a vast expanse of empty mattress at his back.
'Sherlock. I've missed you.'
Shifting slightly, John copied Sherlock’s pose, except that he turned to rest his head next to Rosie, planting a kiss on her chubby little leg. ‘Sorry Rosie-Rose,’ he murmured. ‘I think Sherlock’s better at this than me.’
The chime of his computer interrupted his ruminations, and he jolted into action, clicking through to the server and downloading the large, compressed folder that awaited him.
Every moment of every day he expected John to retreat, to put up his walls and step back, but it had yet to happen.
‘Repulsive, isn’t it?’
Sherlock smiled in response to John's gratitude, giving his hand a quick pat before withdrawing from his grip. 'I'll be back in a minute,' he promised, waiting for John's permission to go before he slipped out of the room. John could hear him moving through the flat, his presence a constant balm as he considered his current state.
'Some of it could be an exercise in preservation: a way to disentangle herself from the web that Harmattan and similar organisations would endeavour to weave around her. When it comes to selling secrets, it doesn't take long for buyers to develop expectations. If Mary stopped cold, it might have caused alarm among interested parties. By slowly dwindling her contact, she allowed herself to step out of the spotlight of their attention.'
'Not precisely.' Sherlock looked up, meeting John's gaze without a hint of remorse. 'Tracking the progress of the disease means I can provide any medical staff with all the information they should require. It should also help us to ascertain whether you're recovering or getting worse. Data, John. Data.' He tapped his pen against the page. 'What about loss of smell? Sense of taste?'
'Yes.' He hesitated, a clutch more words getting caught and tangled on his tongue. Social niceties had never been his strong suit. Now, in the midst of all this, it seemed even more challenging to get things right. Not that Mrs Hudson minded.
'The pilot's seat is empty, and none of the guns on this side show micromovements to indicate a gunner.'
He and John were compatible in ways that defined logic or reason. Yes, they both made sacrifices for it – to say otherwise would be nothing but a lie – yet they were sacrifices both were happy to make. Neither expected the other to change, yet surprisingly neither one resented the need for minor adjustments to the way they lived.
'Thanks.' John set his half-finished cup of tea to one side, marvelling how even a little bit of chatting could leave him so exhausted. His entire body felt heavy, as if gravity had been dialled up. Even the thought of moving to Sherlock's room seemed like an insurmountable task, and he looked over his shoulder at the door, trying to find the will to get going.
'Your lunch will get cold,' Sherlock murmured after they’d been sitting there for about fifteen minutes.
'Good grief, Sherlock. What do you look like?' Mycroft's thin lips twitched in a smirk as the wing of one eyebrow quirked upwards. He had a glass of brandy in his hand, though Sherlock knew that was more likely to be an affectation at this time of day. Mycroft liked to keep his wits about him. While the civil service and its various branches may embrace a culture of day-drinking, he rarely partook in such behaviour. 'Drink?'
He surrendered it, watching as Mycroft pulled another, different handset from a pack nearby. It wasn't a smartphone. If anything, it looked more like an old Nokia: small but heavy. He did something with buttons before handing both back to John.
He ended up tidying in a vague, haphazard way. The research papers on the pandemic he had perused with such interest went into the recycling, too abhorrent to consider. He washed up the few pieces of crockery in water so hot it turned his skin pink and wiped down the kitchen surfaces again, his actions absent-minded at best.
The noises of him moving around were comfortable and familiar, taking Sherlock back to a time, long ago now, when their lives had been a binary system, the two of them locked cooperatively in one another's orbit. It could never be the same again. Too much had changed since then, but a sense of security still permeated Sherlock's bones.
'That's not true.'
'Can you tell me anything about the blade?'
Holding it up to the light revealed no subtle imprints that could hide another message, and the paper held none of the tell-tale fragrance or texture of invisible ink. No, the only part that gave him pause was one that was easy to overlook. The punctuation.
'When John is ready, I believe their assistance may be invaluable to aid him in moving forward and embracing the future that you hope for.' Mycroft tilted his head. 'One spent as more than mere flatmates.'
The glimmer of John's letter where it lay on the table, a bright white flag of surrender, caught Sherlock's eye. Wearily, warily, like a man reaching for a serpent he knew would only bite him, Sherlock approached it, lifting it from its resting place and unfurling it anew.
'You – you don't mind?' Sherlock asked, his lips numb.
The gunfire had stopped, and he could hear orders being given in foreign languages, their tones belying confusion and uncertainty. 'Fuel tanks. I expect Mycroft or one of his men ignited the fumes as a distraction,' he explained, tapping John's shoulder and gesturing to the Hind. 'If anyone was in there, they would have emerged to investigate. It's human nature. We need to act now.'
Gunmetal eyes and a smile like a scalpel: most people would have fled.
'No, it's all right. She seems to be having fun, and it's not as if table manners are our highest priority.' Sherlock sat back, letting Rosie have her way as he nibbled on the toast, oblivious to the way John's heart skipped and twisted under his ribs. It was all so bloody comfortable and domestic. By all rights he should resent every moment. It shouldn't feel better to be here, in this strange house with Sherlock and Rosie than it had ever been with Mary.
John fished out a couple. 'There aren't many from before she died. One a week for a month, maybe?'
'All right, Greg? We reckon they're not in the city any more. We're moving off in pursuit, but if anything happens – anything you think might be related...'
Despite himself, a smile tugged at the corner of his lips. He breathed out a sigh of relief as he leant back against the wall of the van, letting the soft purr of the idling engine rumble through his shoulders. 'Molly, are you all right?'
Most people’s homes carried some element of their personality, but this little flat in Central London was a blank slate. Pale furniture and touches of silver made up the décor. Stylish, in a no-one-lives-here way. There were no dishes in the sink or wrappers in the bin. Some flowers in a slim vase were beginning to wilt, dropping petals on the glass table, but there was no further sign of life.
'Wouldn't they? "Go to hell, Sherlock." That's what I told you. Maybe in your arrogance you thought it was a hell I hoped you could survive. It wasn't. I wanted you gone once and for all.'
Besides, no-one could claim that their decision had been an impulsive, spur-of-the-moment thing. Not when their friendship had been gilded by the glow of affection from the first day they met. Others might look at them with concern, but John knew the truth. After far too long, he had finally made the right choice, and he would fight with all his strength to keep his and Sherlock's relationship alive and well. Neither one of them was perfect, but together they made it work.
'Is everyone all right? Was any one hurt? My neighbours?'
'That doesn't mean she's the woman in the photos,' John pointed out. He sounded as if he were making excuses and apologies all at once, and a stab of sympathy lanced through Sherlock's heart. The events of the past month or so would be enough to make anyone question their judgement. John, who so often relied on his instincts, had begun doubting himself and his conclusions. Yet so far, they had been right at every turn.
'No, absolutely not.'
'What about us?' John stepped forward, Rosie cradled against him as he lifted his chin in defiance. 'If this is as dangerous as you say, then are we still safe here?'
'Nothing overt, but then I would not expect them to be.' He placed one chart to the side, unfolding another with a grimace. They had pulled over on to a farm track about half a mile from the airfield, the better to give themselves a chance to prepare. He, Mycroft, and the woman who commanded the unit were all crowded around the open back of the van, trying to find any potential weakness in the airfield's natural defences.
She had been wrong.
'And John? Stay in touch.' A hint of a tremor tilted her voice as she said goodbye, and John disconnected the call before huddling further into his blanket. Her worry concerned him. Logically, he knew the chances of needing hospitalisation were low, but when you saw the horror stories every day, it was hard to shake the sinking feeling of dread and doom.
'Mottram Saint Andrew, Sir,' the driver informed him. 'A short distance to the south of Manchester.'
For a split second, John resisted out of habit. A heartbeat later, he lost his internal battle, sagging forward. The steady flow of Sherlock's breath and the subtle warmth of him soothed John's frayed nerves. He sighed, taking comfort in the familiar scent of wool and whatever Sherlock used in his hair.
'How long do you think we have?'
'Your choice. You're the one who's ill.'
'We will get to the bottom of this, John. I promise you.'
Back then he'd been more than a bit infatuated, not with Sherlock himself, but with the idea of him: A man who lived outside the rules in a way John never dared. A man who was so unapologetically himself, regardless of what other people thought of him.
Once, John would have laughed and teased at the offer of Sherlock cooking, but it seemed that was beyond him. He stared into the middle distance, no doubt not seeing anything of what lay before him.
The pistol Norbury carried was a low calibre firearm: fit for purpose, but he could recall the distance between the two women, the yawning space of the dark floor like an abyss. He doubted that the projectile would have had the necessary momentum to exit Mary's back as well as penetrate her chest, and even if it had, there was still the matter of the blood.
Even without the coat he managed to look fucking dramatic, as if he were a creature born to these grand halls. Once, back in his youth, John would have hated that. Hated his arrogance and the fact that every mannerism suggested he came from a wealth John's family could never have attained. Now, he admired it. Not the money bit, but the grace with which Sherlock moved in these circles. Perhaps it never crossed his mind to be awkward, but if Sherlock felt even slightly out of place here, within the hallowed spaces of King's College, he offered no sign of it.
'What truth?' John tensed, and Sherlock felt a tiny shock-wave of doubt ripple through the air. He didn't want to believe whatever Mary was about to say, but John's trust had been shaken one time too many to dismiss it out of hand. 'Sherlock, what truth?'
‘Hold these for me?’ John asked, cracking a pair of chopsticks and handing them over to Sherlock. Greg frowned, wondering what he was playing at. After all, John had another pair of chopsticks in his grip already. He didn’t need Sherlock to hold anything.
God, he'd resented it – his own damn happiness – and resented Sherlock along with it. He'd turned a blind eye to the notion of anything more – had barely been able to get his head around being friends again, let alone nurture that stupid, bashful fantasy of becoming lovers.
‘Aethereon.’
Not like Sherlock at all.
Who had he been punishing? Sherlock, for going away? Himself for still caring one way or the other? In the end it was just resentment, and it took this – a bloody stupid virus and Sherlock's quiet ministrations – to finally kill it once and for all.
‘Leave it,’ John chided as they walked the corridor of Bart’s, heading for the morgue where Molly and Lestrade were waiting. ‘It’ll never get better if you keep touching it.’
By the time Sherlock re-entered his authorisation, John felt trapped in his own skin. Waves of heat crackled through his body, coiling tight and vicious in his joints until he felt he might explode. It took all of his self-restraint not to snarl when Norbury's face came into view. This woman knew what Mary had done – had helped her – and there she sat, looking supremely unconcerned as John's already ruined life collapsed further into dust.
He did not notice John return his phone, nor pay much attention to the comfortable, homely noises of John and Rosie's presence that came and went. He was too lost in his efforts, like a hound chasing the scent: determined not to give up no matter what obstacles rose in his path. His pen skittered over the page, his scrawl graceless in his haste, and by the time he was finished his hand cramped from the tightness of his grip.
‘Before you go, Mummy’s asked if you’ll be coming to dinner at the weekend?’
‘What else is Christmas for?’ John grinned, taking Sherlock’s hand and tugging him meaningfully towards the bedroom. ‘She’ll be showing them off at 4am.’
'You all right?'
It was over.
The temptation to approach them, to drift his fingers over their keys and unearth their secrets, itched beneath Sherlock's skin. Yet he turned away, shifting his attention to the walls even as he cocked his head, listening for any sound of movement. None strafed across his hearing, and he hesitated, checking every corner to reassure himself the place was empty before he crossed the threshold.
'Thank you,' he whispered, pursing his lips and lifting his head to meet Sherlock's gaze head-on. He would not shy away from this as he had so often in the past.
'Sherlock. Sherlock – please!
John shook his head: an aborted denial as his mind curled in on itself, twisting along blank avenues where recollection had once stood. The room over Sherlock's shoulder looked hazy, as if seen through a cascade of veils. Even the bed beneath him felt less than solid: an irrelevant detail.
'Sherlock...' John rolled his eyes, shaking his head before dipping his hand in Sherlock's trouser pocket. There was no point hissing about how inappropriate it was. Sherlock had never cared about that kind of thing. John's fingers tingled from the warmth of Sherlock's thigh: a strong plane beneath the luxurious fabric sheath, and he sucked in a sharp breath before tugging free Sherlock's phone,
'I need to – to sort out Rosie,' he stammered, clutching at excuses as he beat a hasty retreat, leaving Sherlock with no further explanation. He couldn't offer anything else, not when he did not know whether what escaped him would be another useless tirade or a pleading litany:
Sherlock.
‘Money,’ he said, folding his hands behind his back. ‘Drug money, to be precise. These dice are of Chinese manufacture, mass produced for eBay, probably. Look at the label on the delivery.’ He jerked his head towards the opened boxes, spilling forth their treasure. ‘They were sent to the wrong address. The label’s for seventeen, Acacia Avenue. This is seventeen Acacia Drive.’
John swallowed and stepped back into the kitchen, allowing Sherlock to cross the threshold. He did not scan the room as John had done when he first entered. Maybe it was a more familiar space to Sherlock, one he'd seen before. Instead, his eyes alighted on Rosie, and John watched that slender body twitch as if he were stifling the urge to reach out for her.
Sherlock's lips parted, and John watched him dither, a neat leather holdall clutched in his hand. 'I can go elsewhere,' he murmured, bowing his head and turning back towards the door. 'I did not mean to intrude.'
'You think it was someone else on the team.' It was not a question. The Dean sat back in her chair, her concern aging her years in mere moments. 'But who – who would do that? Mille was such a nice girl. Promising, talented... She never had a bad word to say about anyone.'
'Undoubtedly.' Sherlock turned, taking in the pained lines of John's profile. 'Even with the threat of the list being compromised, there is still a great deal of valuable information within it. The sooner Mary or her conspirators get it, the greater that remaining value will be.'
'Then what?' Sherlock tilted his head to one side, attentive to more than Norbury's words. He would be reading her: the twitch of her expression and the nervous tics of her body, the dart of her eyes and the flutter of her pulse. Others in their past had known how to show Sherlock what they wanted him to see – Irene Adler sprang immediately to mind – but while Norbury was clever and cunning, she had been taken by surprise. It seemed she was not the most adept at thinking on her feet.
'No.'
They could be happy together. Sherlock and this – what was his name? John. John Watson. Not just friends, either, but more. Lovers, maybe? More than that? Greg couldn’t quite grasp it.
A tap on the door forced him from his fugue, and he blinked at the room around him., noticing his surroundings for the first time since he’d sat down a couple of hours ago. In theory, he’d been reading, not that he’d paid a blind bit of attention to the thriller that lay open in his lap.
‘Mycroft started it.’ Sherlock’s response was quick as anything, not that it did him any favours. His brother exclaimed in protest while Mummy shook her head in disbelief. Behind her, their father was buttering toast and trying to hide his laughter, his kind eyes sparkling as he winked in Sherlock’s direction.
'Of course. You too.' Sherlock reached out with his other hand, clasping John's arm and giving a firm squeeze of reassurance. 'You are the one going into the lion's den. Keep your wits about you, John. You and Mary are both more than capable of using past sentiment against each other. Do not allow her to manipulate you.'
'No. No. It's fine. I'm just...' Sherlock swallowed, his throat clicking. Normally, he would already be running from this kind of sentiment, shielding himself behind walls of disdain and the clinical barrier of his deductions. He could not do that now, not here, as he bore John's weight without complaint and felt the thud of that heart so near his own. 'Thank you.'
‘What the hell…?’ John blinked as if he were trying to dispel an illusion.
'I'm not.'
'Are you all right?' Sherlock asked, lifting up his spare hand and pressing it to John's brow, no doubt sensing the unnatural heat that burned there. 'How long have you been awake?'
He should have known, back before all this began, that Sherlock would be a dedicated lover. He saw the secrets of John's existence and brought them to light. Why would he not do the same with his desires? He had set about, from that first day, learning all of John's sensitive spots – the bits of his body that made him gasp or groan or grind – and committing them to memory. His devotion inspired John in turn, and he reduced Sherlock to a quivering, keening creature of need at every opportunity.
The intruders were upstairs; too close for comfort. He could hear them prowling along the corridor, no doubt sweeping each room as they went. They were looking for him, seeking to incapacitate or neutralise him before they bothered with the nursery. Perhaps he should be grateful they were being thorough. Every second that passed was more time for Sherlock to act.
'Allow me,' he urged. 'Mary does not yet know what has become of you. We should keep it that way. You can listen in on that.' He gestured to the Nokia-like handset he had retrieved earlier. 'It has no microphone; she will not hear you breathing or be aware of your presence at all as long as you don't speak.'
Passing time had healed a lot of that, but he'd still not allowed himself to consider adding his heart to the equation, no matter how much he’d wanted to.
God, but he was beautiful, John thought, staring at the man in bed at his side. Sherlock slept, his curls twisting across the pillow as the full moon shone through the window, bathing them in pearl.
He felt so strong and alive, trembling from head to foot under John's weight, his heart thudding its rhythm to match the drum of John's within his ribs. His chest swelled with each glorious breath. His lips, lush and wet from their kisses, glistened around a gasp as John pulled back and ground down into him, relishing the pressure that drove their pleasure higher.
'He does if the sun's shining through the window.' John grinned. One of his personal delights was that Sherlock, like the cats he resembled, could not resist basking in a sunbeam. He had never witnessed a sight so glorious, nor so beautiful, as waking up to see his lover sprawled naked in the glow that bathed their bed, purring in pleasure. 'Sometimes, anyway. He can be convinced.'
Sherlock shifted his grip on the hilt of his sabre, his teeth bared in a parody of a grin. 'Perhaps I should put down my blade? Would that make it easier for you? It's the only way you could triumph over Millie, after all. She was unarmed. Did you steal her sword before you killed her, to ensure your success, or after, as a trophy?'
Sherlock smirked, releasing Tyson and backing away. Not that he needed to worry. The bout was over, and even in this rough and ready world of bets and brawls, there was a code of honour. At least of sorts.
‘This is standard fencing kit. It’s made of polyester. Even the highest quality equipment doesn’t include much in the way of actual protection. The multiple layers are enough to shield against lightweight blades, and she was wearing almost everything she should have been: jacket, gloves, plastron… No chest protector, though.’ Sherlock looked up, tilting his head when all he received were puzzled stares. ‘Female fencers should wear them. They have to, in official competitions. They’re plastic – protect the breast tissue from being caught by the blade.’
It was a sad, lonely thought, but one he could not shake as he slipped through the front door and slogged up the steps to 221B. He could not turn back now, no matter how much he wished otherwise. John needed his help and Sherlock would not deny him.
Sherlock could not say when he first began to search for Irene Adler’s influence behind every case. Before his fall from grace and the rooftop of St Bart’s, certainly. Maybe he had done it from the first moment of their meeting: scoured the shadows for a glimpse of her knowing smile.
Lifting her head, Mary glanced down at her shirt, satisfied to see the dark stain spreading from the blood pack. Her ribs ached: bruised, no doubt. The bullet had been a blank; she could not risk a vest to protect herself. Even a thin one would be discovered.
– was an ongoing process, but right now what John felt was centred on Sherlock: that flashpoint of fear when he had seen the gun pressed to his temple, the swell of understanding in the gaze they had shared and the rock-solid certainty as John made his decision.
'I promise.'
'I don't think there's any chance of that. Not considering how hard you hit him.' Sherlock pursed his lips. 'Thank you for that, by the way. I suspect the next time I might not have been quite so fortunate in my escape.'
Part of him wanted to snatch Rosie from the high chair and flee, to escape the confrontation he knew loomed on the horizon. Despite his earlier convictions, he didn't feel ready to face Sherlock. Not now and maybe not ever, but here he was, left with no choice in the matter. All he could do was stand there and stare, scowling as he took in all the little ways in which Sherlock had changed over the past few weeks.
'That's not a guarantee,' John murmured, wetting his lips and shifting his weight before looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. 'There's a lot of open ground to cover between here and there.' He jerked his head at the helicopter. 'If we rush into this, we would show our hand and end up dead for our troubles.'
John rolled, spluttering and retching on filthy river water. Every breath rattled, and Sherlock winced, doing his best to help John onto all fours so he could cough as hard and long as he needed too.
A dozen questions swarmed through his mind. She had drugged him, he decided. Once she had knocked him out, she'd given him something to sedate him. He had attributed his fuzzy head to the injuries he had sustained, but a blow to the temple was an imprecise science.
Gently, John corralled Rosie towards the living room, impressed by the speed of her crawl. It was tempting to pick her up and hurry her along, but she would not appreciate the assistance. Instead, he let her make her own way, murmuring words of encouragement before he settled on the carpet.
At least, not yet.
Mary sighed, her lips parted around the stream of air. If she hadn't been ensuring the aim of her pistol remained steady, perhaps she would have risked rolling her eyes. 'An explosive distraction. As long as he did what he was told, he won’t be seriously hurt.'
She believed it. He could see it in her gleaming eyes and the triumphant lines of her posture. She earnestly believed the file of international secrets she possessed would be the key to unravelling this whole mess, rather than the shackles which would forever bind her to the Harmattan splinter group. They would never allow her to lead them. That was not what they sought out of this arrangement.
'How does that help us?'
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, considering his options. He had never seen more than the same, three people observing John as he went about his day, but it would be foolish to assume no one else skulked in the shadows. His sources had not been able to give him a clear picture of any other potential occupants, but he had no wish to take any unnecessary risks; not when John's safety hung in the balance.
John stared as the body bags were wheeled out on gurneys and deposited in the back of a waiting van. One of them would contain Mary within its black confines: a temporary shroud. He kept recalling her face – the split-second of genuine surprise when she realised what he was about to do. Even after everything, she hadn't thought him capable of killing her. Neither had he; not until that moment.
He couldn't move on, but maybe he could find the strength to at least move forward.
'Shit! Sherlock?'
'Precisely. They'll confront our weaponry ahead while being pursued by Mycroft's men from behind. Perhaps they'll surrender in the face of such odds, but I doubt it. Maybe we won't catch them all, but we can seriously reduce their number, leaving us free to search the base and surrounding areas for anyone who slipped through our fingers.' Sherlock rubbed his thumb over his lip, smirking as he noticed the ignition switch. 'You or the commander will need to man the weaponry arrays.' He jerked his head towards the secondary seat below and further into the nose.
Critical condition. John hated those words. They said nothing and everything all at once. They were a mess of desperation and panic, hope and prayer. They drew the line where the doctors had done all they could. It was up to Sherlock now. Life or death, it was in his hands.
‘Which one?’
He buckled her into her car seat while she grumped at him, arching her back and generally making the whole thing difficult. Halfway through trying to wrangle her into the straps, John noticed his cane lying on the floor. He'd taken it with him to work and then promptly forgotten about it. Not once had he reached for it during the day and noticed its absence.
The stairs did not protest under his weight, and John breathed a sigh of relief as he flicked on the downstairs lights. He had half-expected to find Sherlock awake and going through the evidence, untangling the knot of information to reveal a way forward, but it seemed he had given up and gone to bed. The dinner plates had been washed and the wineglasses set to dry. John managed a smile as they gleamed at him from the draining board. The meal had been a much-needed balm to both his hunger and his temper, but not as much as Sherlock's obvious thoughtfulness and care.
'I had an epiphany at almost four in the morning,' Sherlock confessed, insinuating one leg between John's thighs and wrapping an arm around John's back, cradling him against his chest. 'I didn't want to wake you. I came home at eight, but you'd already gone.' His eyes sparkled beneath half-lowered lashes as his voice turned husky.  'I decided to wait for you here.'
John's company had been an insidious addition to his life. Even after his return to London and John's subsequent wedding, he and Mary seemed to spend more time in Baker Street than their own place: as if some force inexorably drew them there. Now, Sherlock found himself wondering if John would ever darken the door again. Could things return to the way they had once been, or was this the beginning of the end?
He listened to Sherlock bustling about, smiling his gratitude as his flatmate wiped down the little table at the side of his armchair. He suspected the religious cleanliness had probably been more effective at easing their anxieties than stopping germs from spreading, but every little bit helped.
Whichever way he looked at it, the events of Mary's murder did not make sense. There was some facet of it missing – something he could see only in shadows and hints, rather than solid outlines. She had stepped into the bullet's path. Had she known the shot would kill her? Had she been trying to spare Sherlock an injury, thus elevating his opinion of her, and gravely miscalculated? Or had she intended to die in that moment? And if so, how could she have deliberately departed life and left John and Rosie vulnerable to the consequences of her actions?
The bubble of his pocket magnifier distorted the picture, throwing pertinent aspects into shocking relief. There was blood on the rear face of the garment, implying an exit wound, but it was wrong. All wrong. The damage to the cloth was not indicative of a bullet, but rather a small explosive squib, which had left fragments of what Sherlock believed to be gunpowder residue singed into the fabric.
'We don't need to. Imagine yourself in the splinter group's position. You hear the engine of your sole mode of transport preparing to depart. What would you do?' He turned to face John, their noses almost brushing as he raised an eyebrow.
'It's a Hind, sir,' the commander added. 'They carry a number of mounted machine guns.'
And Sherlock, who even now tended to shy away from overt displays of sentiment, had gathered first Rosie and then him into his embrace. He behaved as if, despite all of John's animosity, the two of them were still something to be cherished: the tragic remnants of a broken little family.
'No,' John rasped, shaking his head and blinking to chase away the sting of livid tears. 'No.'
'They think they're clever,' he confided, his cheeks flushed and his eyes bright and earnest. 'So fucking clever, but they're thick as two short planks. Think they're going to get away with it like I won't notice the bloody knife they're waving around! It makes you wanna cry.'
'Almost certainly, at least in some capacity. I believe Mary acted as a go-between for Norbury, putting her in contact with buyers, but perhaps the trade was not so one-way as I first thought. Maybe Mary also began selling secrets
anything.
Sherlock could picture him all too easily, his skin tanning to brown as the tawny in his hair lifted to pale gold: a creature of the sun shedding England’s gloom.
‘They’re not talking about me.’ Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back towards the door. He could sense Mycroft dithering behind him, his curiosity fighting the need to set a good example.
John took the sheaf from the sizeable pile and handed it over before tossing Sherlock a pen. He caught it easily, pressing its sleek form against his lip as he considered the patterns before him.
He tilted his head, stepping back again as the stranger lunged, more desperate, more ragged than before. He missed, and Sherlock side-stepped like a matador dodging a charging bull, his left-hand slamming into the stranger's back and pushing, sending him staggering so that they had traded places on the piste.
Sherlock's breath hissed through his teeth, seething from his lips as the tendons in his neck tightened like moor lines. Fire bloomed through the meat of his thigh, radiating outwards from the bullet hole: a through-and-through that had missed anything vital, but still blazed with agony.
Sherlock’s vow to protect them – Mary, John and Rosie – may lie broken and bloody, but it lived on still. It had not followed Mary to the grave. Above and beyond everything else, Moriarty was a threat to John and his daughter's safety. One that Sherlock would not allow to find fruition; not as long as breath remained in his body.
A quick look at John gave him more answers. His bad mood had materialised at the crime scene. Empathy then. He felt for Lestrade and could do nothing to fix it. Hence the scowl and the shuffling feet.
Rosie loved without demand, and there was no doubt that Sherlock loved her just as much. He’d found something in John all those years ago, but with Rosie as well…?
'Oh, John.' Disappointment lay thick in her voice. 'You know I'm not stupid. Sherlock would never let his brother take sole possession of all that information. He loves you too much to risk being unable to help you. Let's try that again. Bring me the file.'
That was Sherlock’s reaction to almost anything that didn’t involve blood and mystery and a heavy dose of danger. Normally, John tried to look on the bright side, but he had to admit, even he struggled to find any silver lining to this.
'How did people miss this? The police and everyone else?'
Sherlock's fingers tightened around his hand, and John squeezed back, fighting off a fresh, breathless surge of emotion as Sherlock replied.
'Maybe, but that doesn’t change the facts.' John waved towards the window. 'They're still out there wanting God knows what. We can't even give it to them, because we have no idea what it is!'
. A grey hoodie shrouded his torso and jeans hung from his hips. The untied laces of his trainers clattered every time he shifted his foot, and thick rimmed glasses with plain lenses perched on his nose.
'A long week,' John corrected him, shaking his head. 'More than that, even. ' He turned his fork over in his hand, the metal tines flashing under the bright lights. 'I –' He swallowed, reaching for his wineglass and taking a healthy gulp before he continued, 'I wanted to thank you. I had no right to expect anything of you. Not after...'
He should have seen it coming; in retrospect, the motive for vengeance was clear. He had set their hideout aflame, and they had retaliated, a tit-for tat retribution that had left John sinking even deeper in the mire of loss. How much had been left behind when Sherlock and Mycroft forced him to flee? Now his home lay in ashes, and Sherlock felt sick at the thought.
It was strange, the circumstances that could become normal. A year ago, John could not imagine a time when being under constant surveillance would not chafe against his nature. Now, weeks after he had first felt the presence of watchful eyes as he stood at Mary's grave, he had grown accustomed to their burden.
Maybe Sherlock could convince himself of the possibility, but John, at least, knew himself better than that. He would never be able to get over the resentment of it. He'd never be able to forget what they'd once had, and a broken heart would never have the chance to heal.
‘So, what? He sold it?’
’It wasn’t about Mary.’ Sherlock shifted his weight, looking as if he would rather be anywhere else in the world but here, having this conversation. ‘It’s really not important, John.’
John shrugged, not following. His molasses-slow thoughts felt like lead pressing against his skull. He didn't understand this – not any of it. 'Like what?'
– he needed to wait. He had to trust Sherlock to do what he did best and find the answers they required.
'Or until we run out of time.' Sherlock frowned, turning to face John as the seriousness bled through his voice. 'They won't leave us alone forever. These people are likely to escalate. Previous experience suggests we have a week at most before they make their move. If they fail to locate us, they will come at us sideways. It's probable that they have already attempted to lure you out by burning your home. When it becomes obvious they have failed, they will try another method.'
Besides, he could admit the grey hairs gave him a touch of civility. Made him look a bit less like a school-boy scurrying after the police on every case. The passing years had their benefits, he supposed.
Clearly, Mary had no trouble gaining access. He wondered if she'd taken a copy of Sherlock's key or perhaps tricked Mrs Hudson into giving her a spare in case of emergencies. There was definitely no sign that she had forced her way in. Others wouldn't have that advantage. They would have to resort to lock picks or smashing the windows, and he had no intention of allowing anyone to take him or Sherlock by surprise.
'Tell us about the fencing team,' Sherlock ordered, wasting no time in getting to the root of the matter.
A subtle tremor had taken up root in his legs. The right one ached as his body tensed, eager to flee from whatever John might say in response. He was not sure he could face the judgement that awaited him. John deserved the truth, and now he had it, but Sherlock did not dare to hope it could turn out in his favour. Not after everything John had suffered these past few months.
His thoughts skipped like a broken record, caught again and again on everything that had been destroyed. Every scrap of his life, every trace of his and Mary's shared existence: obliterated.
He was not the only one who could use some time to recover. Sherlock would never say as much, but John could see it had been hard on him, too. Perhaps that was why his hope burned brighter with each passing moment: because Sherlock was unashamed of putting his feelings on display, at least when it came to John. That honesty was not something he realised he needed, but now it only steeled his resolve.
‘You’ve met her, haven’t you? Said she was nice?’
A roaring explosion cut her off, shaking the air and rattling the shed windows around them. A dirty cloud of orange and black rose from the far side of the airfield, pluming high into the sky, and Sherlock sucked in a breath before a grin sliced across his face.
'Thanks,' he murmured, his voice rough in his throat. 'I - yeah. Thanks, Sherlock. I'll see what I can eat.'
'How did you know it was five?' John peeled off his jumper, knowing better than to check it for stains. He'd not spilled his curry. Sherlock could smell it on him.
Mary jerked, her eyes going wide at his barked command. Those lips – which he had kissed and had gasped his name in passion – parted in a hint of a snarl, but for once she had the sense not to argue. She stood from the chair as if she were a queen, stalking past him and clattering down the stairs. She left her gun, though he was sure she had plenty of replacements. The door banged shut in her wake, the brass knocker rattling its reproach.
Swords clashed, light glinting along their blades. Two fencers moved like dancers, their grace undeniable. They would be sweating beneath the blank black masks that protected their faces; just because they made it look easy didn’t mean it wasn’t hard work. John could see the strength there, the poise. It made his muscles ache in sympathy, witnessing the discipline under their command.
'You weren't the only one,' Sherlock promised, lifting his head and watching John with a warm, loving gaze, his lips hooked in that soft smile that John adored. One that he shared only with him.
He had set a trap, using himself as bait.
John growled, rolling Sherlock onto his back and pressing his weight down on top of him, his nerves thrilling at the lazy arch of Sherlock’s hips and the flutter of his breath. Passion's spark was a constant in their lives, one that flared to an inferno with just a look, sometimes. John trembled beneath the onslaught of heat in his veins as he pressed his lips to Sherlock's neck.
'Damn right. Don't even think about scurrying off on your own to try and make this better, Sherlock. If anything, it's more my problem than yours.'
Sherlock hesitated before tugging John closer, those long arms folding him an unexpected, awkward embrace.
'But a closer examination shows inconsistencies. Obfuscations. Almost like these files were designed to appease the curious.' Sherlock sighed, meeting John's eye with apology bright in his gaze. 'There is one folder, heavily encrypted, that an associate is unlocking for me. I do not know what we will find within it, but we cannot rule out the fact that Mary's past may include something beyond AGRA.'
'No,' Mycroft admitted. 'We did not have the manpower, but we did park some distance from the airfield's boundaries.'
'And what difficulties did Millie, in particular, face?'
They strode through the building in silence, the stifling air heavy around them until they stepped out into London’s brisk afternoon breeze. John took a deep breath, relishing the taste of it as he scrubbed a hand through his hair.
'You're right. Harmattan became unpleasant when I stopped supplying them with information. I hoped to ease my way out from their influence, but their reach was too great. I panicked. I was worried that they would come after John or Rosie in an attempt to get me to cooperate. I couldn't let that happen, John. I
'I should be isolated!' John protested, knowing it fell on deaf ears. 'Upstairs at least I'm out of the way!'
'We'll keep an eye on it. Pulse oximetry is known for having a two percent margin of error.' Sherlock tapped his pen against the notepad before setting it aside. 'Let's get you comfortable. Did you want to sleep or watch telly?'
Scrubbing a shaking hand down his face, he blinked up at the ceiling, his mind reeling even as the last tattered pieces of the nightmare slipped away. Mary and a burnt house. Her voice a litany of accusation. Not the real Mary at all; just a manifestation of his guilt, not that the knowledge made him feel much better. Off-kilter and out of sorts, he lay there listening to Rosie's steady breathing and watching the hazy moonlight spill through the curtains.
'Where the bloody hell did they get that?' John demanded, looping an arm around Sherlock's back to help support his weight and half-bullying him towards the door. 'And why aren't the air force shooting it down?'
Sherlock did not make a game of sentiment. There was no guessing or uncertainty. He spoke with blatant honesty and encouraged John to do the same. He did not have to hide or offer explanations. He did not have to try and put on a brave face. Sherlock understood and loved him all the same.
Sherlock indicated the military sword, discarded on the floor.  ‘That's the murder weapon. I suspect he stole it from the Dean's office. Though feel free to question her. She might have had some sort of role I've yet to deduce.'
'Are you all right?'
'Anything else I can satisfy your curiosity about?' John asked, raising one eyebrow as Greg appeared to give it considerable thought. 'They’ve got two nipples, no more. Most of the differences are in their skeletal structure, actually. They're very flexible.'
He was going to kill Mary when he found her. Not just for blowing the bloody warehouse he was standing in sky-high, but for daring to snatch Sherlock. If she'd harmed even
Someone cleared their throat, the noise more amused than judgemental, and John smothered a laugh as Sherlock broke off with a sigh.
'Good divorce lawyers, I suspect. Anyway, point is, you can have new and shiny and boring, or you can have something a bit more like Baker Street. Bath, fireplace, good-sized rooms...'
'I have nothing to say to you.'
Sherlock sighed, a tight noise that John could not parse. Something flickered over his face, a spasm of concern and reluctance, maybe? He couldn't read it. Couldn't bring himself to care. For once, this wasn't about Sherlock. It was about John, and finding his best friend once more, even though some distant part of his brain kept shrieking about grief and grave-sides.
The toaster spat out its contents, and John spread a liberal amount of honey on one slice before putting it down on the breakfast bar near Rosie's highchair. 'I can do that, if you like?' he said, gesturing to Rosie who had decided what she really wanted was to mash her porridge with her hands.
'Thanks, I – yeah. Thanks.'
If it were a stranger, he would not bat an eye. It was his job to uncover the truth, not shield others from the pain that such revelations may cause. Now, it was a different matter. While he could not compromise his approach to solving this in the name of sparing John, he would not be so blasé and arrogant in his deductions, either. John was right, they had consequences, and for once, Sherlock would be mindful of them.
'So it’s him?'
'We were, when I was confident that you and Rosie were Harmattan's main targets. Now, I cannot be so sure.' Sherlock approached John where he stood, his shoulders lax with defeat. 'Mary's reappearance has the potential to change everything, and the best course of action depends on what Harmattan know. Either way, I suspect our continued presence here in the safe-house is trapping us in a stalemate. I'd rather you and I were the ones to break it.'
A small voice whispered that he'd done it for Sherlock. He might have resisted at first but he’d folded eventually. Yet Sherlock, for all that he was his best friend, had never made John any promises. He had not stood at the altar and made an oath to love and honour him. They had not started a family together. When Sherlock fell from Bart's, he may have broken John's heart, but he did not break any vows.
John chewed his lip, his heart fluttering in his chest as he wondered if he'd made the best choice. For all he knew Sherlock was back in Baker Street, half the city away and too far off to help. Perhaps he should have called the police instead. What did it say about him that his first thought was not to contact the emergency services, but Sherlock?
'I take it you solved the case?' he asked. 'You weren't in when Rosie and I got up for breakfast.'
It turned under his grip, the lock disengaged, and Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, meeting John's gaze and giving one, quick nod. They both knew what to do.
The splinter group had no means by which to draw them out: no hostages or other external factors that could make them break cover. They would have to come looking. The only question was whether they would favour haste over caution. Would they split their team as Mycroft hoped, making them more efficient in the search but more vulnerable to attack, or would they remain as one unit?
Anger flushed her cheeks and made her eyes spark. Deep lines bracketed her mouth. Her gaze darted to the gun on the desk, and he could almost see the lightning flash of consideration arc across her mind.
‘NO!’ Rosie screamed, her little face red with the effort. She twined herself around John like an octopus, her chubby arms hauling on his neck with surprising strength as she tucked her feet up to her chest. ‘No! No! No!’
John frowned, glaring at the bloke standing on the corner of the street. Hadn’t he been there yesterday? And the day before? He’d not given him more than a passing glance, the first time. There were plenty of people out getting their lunch, after all, but now suspicion took root in John’s mind, flowering into anger and dread.
John bowed his head, his acceptance like a cold wind on the back of his neck. Lashing heat in the pit of his stomach urged him to strike out – to fight against all the constraints that held him in this helpless limbo – but there was nothing physical to hit. Only Sherlock was here to take the brunt of his wrath, and John refused to sink so low.
Discombobulated: brain rattled to bits and the world no longer making sense.
'And it worked,' John rasped, speaking for the first time. 'We all fell for it, even me. Even Sherlock. '
A flurry of blows, so quick they dazzled the eye: all gleaming light and vivid power. Sherlock attacked from one side then the other, hemming in the stranger and forcing them onto the defence. Vicious and unrelenting, John smirked as he saw the other fighter falter, apparently taken aback.
‘A few months, maybe? Well, since we, er –’
The journey to Bart's went quicker than John expected. He and Sherlock sat at opposite ends of the back seat as usual, but the space between them seemed smaller than before. Maybe he was imagining it, fooling himself into seeing what he wanted, rather than what was actually there, but John doubted it. He'd known Sherlock long enough by now to at least get some kind of read on him, and that? There had been something different in that moment, something John could not name, but knew all the same.
'Faking one's own death is not a straightforward matter, especially not when the deed itself is done with at least one eye-witness nearby.' Sherlock lifted his shoulder in a shrug. 'I was as close to Mary when she died as you are standing now. It takes skill to be convincing at close range, and it is easy to make mistakes. That's what we need to look for: small inconsistencies. The devil is in the detail.'
Sherlock smudged kisses along John's jaw, more soothing than demanding, and John chuckled as he found a ticklish spot. Of course, Sherlock latched on to that weakness with a playful growl, and before long John was giggling into his shoulder, wriggling against Sherlock's weight as he gasped breathless, laughing protests.
'What are you saying?'
Oh God, they were plotting. Sherlock never, ever undermined his parenting, not exactly, but he was frankly brilliant at finding loopholes and compromises. It could have caused endless conflict, but actually, John had to admit it helped the three of them keep the peace.
John looked around, spying the hooks in the corner and moving to retrieve their coats just as she spoke with dismissive finality.
'We don't have time for this!' he snapped as pain trapped his temples in a vice. 'We need to look for Sherlock before Mary gets too much of a head-start.'
Mycroft’s wine rack was but a small, pompous slice of his collection. The rest were kept in a climate-controlled cellar, of course. Sometimes Sherlock tweaked the thermostat. Not by much – not by enough to ruin the significant investment it represented – but enough to make the muscle in Mycroft’s jaw twitch whenever he realised what he’d done.
Before he could ask any questions, the van moved, leaving him to brace himself or topple off the seat. It reminded him of being in the army, sitting face-to-face with Mycroft, travelling along the road sideways rather than forwards. If Mycroft was discomfited, he showed no outward sign of it, bracing his hands on his knees as he began to fill John in on what he had learned.
'I'm not dead.' Sherlock's resonant words washed over him, beautiful and bitter-sweet. How long had he missed that voice? Ached for it? Now, it hurt to hear it. 'I came back, John. Remember? It was a trick. All a trick.'
John shrugged. 'Is there any? You said yourself that the inconsistencies were damning.'
Besides, if he interrupted, the masked fucker could turn and flee. Better to let them get too involved in the stand-off to do a runner before he joined the fray. Sherlock knew John was there, watching. That knowledge wrote itself in the confidence of his stance and the way he pitched his voice. Even if it didn't, the quick "wait" gesture Sherlock made with the hand behind his back removed any doubt. He trusted John to intervene the moment it became necessary, not before.
'He was a skilled fighter in his time,' Sherlock explained, his voice rumbling from his ribs to John's chest, making his heart dance. ‘Stopped due to injury. Achilles tendon. He walked with a slight unevenness to his gait. It’s how I knew the masked assailant was Townsend.’
He moved with his hands in his pockets and his shoulders stooped, making himself smaller and, somehow, younger. It wasn't a true disguise. Mary would know it was him in an instant, but he doubted that was the point. This was about Sherlock passing unseen by others. No one would look twice at him.
John was used to it by now. He’d become accustomed to letting Sherlock’s insults roll of him. What bothered him, deep down, was the firm knowledge that Sherlock’s inner monologue was no doubt just as cruel. At least everyone else could just save their own skins and avoid Sherlock when he got like this, but the poor bastard couldn’t escape the voices in his own head.
How tempting it was to fall back into old ways. To be snide and flippant. Even after all this time away, Mycroft still brought out the worst in him. So knowing and righteous. The epitome of an older brother in all his false wisdom.
That was where Mary wanted to meet.
A fire glowed in the grate, chasing off the damp edge to the air that lingered in Baker Street. Nothing disturbed the peace but the gentle crackle of the flames. No chattering radio or grim reporter on the BBC waxing lyrical about sacrifice: like any of it ever made any difference.
Mary, on the other hand, thrived on it: the secrets and puzzles, twisting things up to look like nonsense only for a seed of sense to be secluded at their core. Worse, she was well-trained and experienced. If anyone could break her code apart, it would be Sherlock, but John did not envy him the task.
'Nah. I'll get an Indian on the way home. Just beer.'
'Shut up, you.' Greg threw a bit of rice at him, shaking his head. 'God, I wish I'd never asked now. I should have just found an encyclopaedia, but I didn't want to be the creepy bloke looking up anatomy at the library.'
'Isn't that a good thing?'
'Sorry, am I interrupting?' Greg asked, a picture of innocence as two of his men slapped some cuffs on Townsend's prone form.
‘Because I happen to know that Greg’s got a few cold cases for you. Challenging ones. Something to really sink your teeth into.’ John shoved Sherlock’s legs off his lap and got to his feet, draining the last of his tea. ‘He’s been saving them for a rainy day. I think this one fits the bill.’
John fidgeted where he stood as he waited for the video link to connect, listening to Sherlock's terse conversation with the warden of Norbury's prison facility. The man did not seem happy at the lack of warning of the interview, nor was he convinced of Sherlock's authority, despite the authorisation codes.
One thing at a time, he told himself, managing a weak smile as Rosie gave a soft whimper that sounded very much like concern. The house would have to wait. He couldn't go back to London anyway, not until he knew it was safe. Besides, he realised, his heart aching, there was nothing to say they had to stay in the city: not any more. He could change jobs easily enough – a GP was rarely short of opportunities – and Rosie was not yet tied down to schools. Maybe that would be better; a way to draw a line between the past and the future he had to build for Rosie's sake.
John swallowed, shaking his head. 'Like Mary.'
'John –'
‘And what do you two think you’re doing?’
‘All right. Fine. So, we reckon it’s maple syrup cut with something else, but why? Why bother?’ Lestrade demanded. ‘What could they be hoping to achieve?’
John nodded, checking his Sig was settled in the back of his waistband before ambling down the stairs. He turned the lights on as he went, chasing off the shadows and casting a critical eye over his surroundings.
'No.' John shook his head, wiping his palms down his denim-clad thighs. He looked ill, the skin around his lips tinged with nausea. 'Sherlock, no. You couldn't have foreseen this, and even if you had, you did all you could. You made sure we were safe and beyond their reach. The house is –' He hesitated, swallowing hard. 'It's just a house. They're just things.'
Bollocks, if he couldn’t be honest with himself, then he was screwed.
At last, John pursed his lips, bowing his head in a quick nod. 'Yeah. Yeah, I guess she is. I mean, more the enemy than anything else right now.'
'Bigger like what?'
'Definitely not. Too much drug screening for a start.' One shoulder lifted: a distracted half-apology to John's sensibilities. 'Fencing was a distraction. A way to silence my mind for a few moments; not a career choice.' His phone buzzed in his hand, and Sherlock's bright, genuine smile could have lit up the room. 'Molly says we can drop by within the hour for a quick look.'
'It would be a lucky shot to do much damage,' the commander replied, though she did not sound confident.
'Just spit it out?'
'Did she tell the truth about anything?' he whispered, casting Sherlock a furrowed, hopeless look. 'Was it all just a game to her, something to fill her hours now that AGRA had fallen apart? God, did she – did she even stop when she came back to London to start a normal life, or was she still playing both sides, even then?'
True to his word, it was clear that Mycroft's people had been here. The nest of quilts they had left on the living room floor were gone; no doubt replaced on their respective beds. The heating had been turned on and take-away boxes disposed of. Wood lay in the grate ready to be lit, and though John could see no sign of their searching, he suspected that any remaining surveillance devices had been removed.
‘John, on the other hand…’
He heard John swallow, a tense noise that spoke volumes of his uncertainty. 'What are you suggesting?'
'I hope your brother is cooperative, Sherlock,' Mary said, her voice carrying a musing, calm quality as if she had not just pointed a gun at him and pulled the trigger. 'It won't go well for you if he's not.'
The call went dead before Sherlock could protest, and he curled his lip in annoyance at his brother's heavy-handed orders. So far, these strangers watching John had shown no interest whatsoever in Sherlock. Their focus was narrow and precise, with little thought given beyond John and his tiny family. That, more than anything, enhanced Sherlock's suspicions that this all came back to Mary, and he drummed his fingers on the arm of the chair before getting to his feet.
The most important thing about a battle was to know who you were up against. In all of this, despite all that he had done, Sherlock was not his enemy. John had to try and stop treating him like one: lashing out without rhyme or reason would get them nowhere. He could only be thankful that Sherlock had resisted John's efforts to push him away, but eventually, he would reach his breaking point. No, John had to get himself under control, or he would cast off the only true ally he had left.
Yet as sentimental and flawed as his response had been, Sherlock could not bring himself to regret it. Perhaps his caution had not been what the case required, but his compassion had been the answer to the rift in his and John's friendship. Now, though their relationship was still raw, possibly forever changed by all that had passed between them, it was whole once more.
Warning: Angst.
Sherlock's phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out, tearing his eyes away from the room to glance at the screen. 'Donovan's been looking into the family. They have, of course, been informed. Parents are divorced. Millie was an only child. Doted upon, from the look of things. Both have strong alibis for the night in question, so they, at least, we can set to one side.' He tucked his phone away. 'Not that the parents were truly suspects. A sibling, on the other hand...' He shook his head. 'Irrelevant, since one does not exist. Our best chance at finding our suspect still lies here, within this room.'
'Nothing. I dunno.' Greg shrugged, polishing off his curry in a few more meaty bites. 'It doesn't matter. Like I said it was one of those ideas that wouldn't leave me alone.'
Tears tumbled from his lashes, hot against his burning cheeks. Sweat prickled down his spine as he sagged into the pillows. He lifted his hands to his face, scrubbing at his eyes until he saw stars.
'Do you think I'm stupid?' Mary asked, all arch offence. 'I've been in this game longer than any of them. I know how to check for monitoring equipment. Nothing will get past me.'
‘Sebastian is skimming funds. I’ve notified the board, financial services and HMRC. He’ll find himself in very hot water before long.’
'Sorry,' John whispered as he eased away, not sure if he was talking to Rosie or Sherlock. His daughter gurgled against his chest, and he smiled down at her, unable to meet Sherlock's gaze. He missed the feeling of Sherlock's arm around him – of his warmth when everything in John's life felt cold and stark – but he held himself at a distance, refusing to give in to the weak, whining want for such a simple comfort.
Anthea continued to watch him, her face locked in that same impassive, genial smile that looked more like a mask with each passing moment. The only movement was when her eyes darted to the clock on the wall. 'You are the one at the centre of this web, Doctor Watson.' She said it gently, as if she were giving bad news to a child. 'You and your daughter. That alone is enough to cause concern.'
John twitched, his body jostling itself in bitter denial even as his stomach clenched in grim acknowledgement. Sherlock would not lie to him, not about this. John knew him better than that. Sherlock's untruths, such as they were, were often crafted in the name of protecting John, either from physical danger or from the surge of his own emotions. There was no such saving grace in the facts he laid out before him now. It was brutal honesty: nothing more and nothing less.
At some point, when his aching body demanded it, John slept.
John didn’t think of himself as faint-hearted. He was a doctor and a soldier. Add to that years of living with Sherlock and finding random body parts around the place, and he barely blinked at things most other people would find unspeakably gruesome.
The USB stick had offered a wealth of information, but it was a device encrypted in layers. Some of it was easily accessible – things that Mary had wanted them to find. Others were more challenging, shielded away but still easy enough to pick apart.
Sherlock brushed a fingertip along the edge of the table, out of sight of the camera. It was a subtle gesture, one that John knew well. He was considering the pros and cons of handing Norbury some information, skimming the surface of his Mind Palace as he weighed his options.
'I saw her arrive. She came in late.' He shrugged. 'It's no bother. My better fighters can come and go as they please. They don't need the help from me. They have open access to the court and equipment, providing they obey the rules. A trust system.' He pulled a list from his pocket, smoothing the creases out. 'Might have to rethink that, now.'
He hoped that the second file might hold the answer, but it was almost entirely blank.
'Because once he begins, then both Mary and Harmattan will realise that the file has been discovered and decoded. It puts all the information that they both wish to keep for themselves at risk, and is likely to spur them into action. We need to be ready for whatever form that may take.' Sherlock opened the car door and settled behind the wheel.
John nodded. His stomach felt like rock anyway. He wasn't sure he could manage even a single mouthful of food, for all that it had been hours since he last ate anything. 'Yeah. I just – I want to get this over with.'
‘She’s four.’
‘Last week’s case got a bit vicious,’ John explained. He had not sounded nearly so calm when it happened. There had been a great deal of swearing, and a punch that had taken Sherlock’s assailant down in mere moments.
At last, his watch let out a quiet beep, and he began his steady, prowling advance. Despite the worried turn of his thoughts, he'd used his time well. Old habits died hard, and he'd been surveying his surroundings, isolating cameras and doorways, as well as traps and ambush sites.
'There's nothing pertinent to Mary on there. I left it behind as a dummy in case anyone broke in and started poking around. The file and its decryption are with Mycroft, and I destroyed the paper copies of everything before we departed from the safe-house.'
John swallowed, shaking his head as if he could barely believe he was saying such things, but he persevered. 'At least then I could have... I don't know. I'd have been free to mourn the woman I thought I knew, rather than facing the truth of what she is. What she's really capable of. Sometimes I wonder if it's my fault – if I had unrealistic expectations, but...'
'So they're watching the others, then?' John looked over the audience. None of them stood out as particularly more keen than the rest, and he shrugged. 'Could be anyone.'
Sherlock reached inside his hoodie, groping in one of the specially sewn pockets for his supplies. A grim smile crossed his lips as he pulled free the first bottle of vodka and unscrewed the cap. The strip of rag bunged in the neck burned obligingly once touched by the spark of the lighter he carried, and he waited, making sure it caught before creeping back towards the door and aiming at the wall of photos.
He had no idea how Mycroft intended to explain his absence from the surgery. Perhaps he'd push the grieving angle and let them make their own assumptions. Maybe he would simply inform them that John would not be returning. He bloody well hoped not. Of everything in his life at the moment, his job was an anchor; something uniquely his. Even now, he felt bereft without it.
Greg snorted into his beer as John grinned, shaking his head and reaching for his pint. He was happy with whatever was on tap, but Greg knew him well, and the IPA was just what he needed. London’s flagship stores always left him frazzled: too loud, too crowded, too full of crap that cost far too much…
John hummed. He couldn’t argue with that. The suit had been a fine thing, with a very fine man in it, but it was the coat that had caught him up in its whirl, dragging him along in its wake and landing him slap bang in the middle of Sherlock’s life. ‘The one that doesn’t fit anymore?’
'I cannot say,' Sherlock murmured, his eyes impossibly green over the dark shadows that pressed bruises into the hollows above his cheekbones. 'I gained very little insight into her thoughts while in her company. Her determination to succeed obscured everything from me.'
John's jaw worked as if he were chewing over the bile of his words, but when he lifted his gaze to Sherlock's, there was no doubt. 'What you did – it was because of Moriarty. He manipulated you; played you until there was no other choice. Mary…'
He glanced at John, a flicker of relief racing through him to see a familiar, proud smile curving those thin lips. Even Mycroft cast him a quick look of grudging respect, nodding his head in understanding.
Fingers drifted under his chin, pressing gently under his jaw bone. John’s gaze had lost its focus as he concentrated on what he could feel. A moment later he took Sherlock’s hand, checking his palms as if he were trying to read his future. In a less fuddled state of mind, Sherlock could probably deduce what he was looking for. However, right now, his brain had turned into so much sludge.
He scrambled out as Sherlock paid the driver, his key scratching at the lock plate of the front door. At last, it yielded, and John stumbled into the hall out of the wind, humming gratefully as Sherlock shut out the world.
It brought John a comfort he didn't know he needed, seeing Sherlock's unobtrusive influence. He'd not been forgotten. Whatever was going on, whyever those people were watching him, Sherlock was on the case.
'I – Will you say so again, when you're not ill? Not relying on me for your care?'
'So you came here.' His voice fell flat around them, and Sherlock winced.
In cases such as these, Sherlock knew most people would fall back on reassurance. They would tell soothing lies in the hopes of easing their friend's emotional distress, but he was not "most people". When it came down to it, neither was John. After all they had been through, all they had shared and fought for together, did he not deserve the basic honesty of the truth?
Abandoning his coffee, he raced upstairs, paying no mind to the heaviness of his footsteps as he burst into Sherlock's room. The noise jolted Sherlock to wakefulness. One hand crossed defensively in front of his face while the other flung out sideways, searching for a weapon. A heartbeat later, he found his focus, and his gaze turned narrow and suspicious.
Molly didn't answer. She just gazed at him, probably seeing far more than he ever wanted to reveal. It was easy to forget how observant she could be, and John swallowed, wishing he could read what was going on inside her head. Instead, he could only wait and bear her scrutiny until, at last, she offered him a wan smile.
Sherlock held his silence. John's concern was a valid one. It was easy, while wrapped in the depths of Baker Street, to forget that there was an uncertain world beyond the window-panes. There were many ways in which things would never be the same, and that uncertainty only made John's recovery seem like even more of a triumph: a victory snatched from the jaws of some great nemesis.
He obeyed, offering Greg a quick smile of farewell as he followed Sherlock, ignoring the Belstaff flapping around his ankles. He trotted to catch up, and a moment later caught Sherlock’s hand in his good one, weaving their fingers together.
Normally, Sherlock was quick to give voice to all the little clues he had unearthed, but this time he held his tongue. John appreciated the sentiment behind his restraint, but it chafed at him: wrong in so many ways.
‘Broken nose,’ Sherlock explained. ‘Healed crooked. That’s why she makes that noise.’
John wasn’t sure if that was Sherlock’s way of agreeing with him or not. Most four-year olds were, generally speaking, very nice. Except when they were squealing or putting socks down the toilet.
'I've been doing some digging. I have to say the results have been sparse at best. Whoever is watching John Watson, it's no amateur organisation.' He wandered over to his desk, picking up a few, slender files and pressing them into Sherlock's hand. 'As far as all my personal surveillance has uncovered, John is being watched by three separate individuals. Two male, one female. The identities uncovered are thorough and would pass even moderate scrutiny.'
John took a mouthful of his breakfast, watching Sherlock read the slim missive before folding it up and throwing it into the fireplace, burning it to nothing. That, more than anything, told John it was serious. Sherlock loved to lord any advantage over Mycroft. The fact that he destroyed information he could use as ammunition at a later date spoke volumes.
Scowling, Sherlock continued to stride along, weaving in and out of the other pedestrians as each step ate up the distance towards the flat. Not home, not really. It hadn't been for a long time, not since John had shared those rooms with him. Strange. Once, he would not have minded the solitude. Now it wounded him at the most unexpected moments, bringing him up short and leaving him bereft.
‘An ambulance is on its way,’ he promised, sagging as the electric tension of fear and desperation fled. He felt wrecked himself, soggy to his skin, but unlike John, he had kept his head above water.
Except, well, Greg had seen it happen. Not often, because Sherlock’s emotional control was legendary. It had to be, or he’d lose his mind in the sea of everyone else’s feelings. Once or twice though, it had slipped, that cool indifference splitting open like a wound. The Trait made Sherlock’s already astute deductions agonisingly accurate. Useful to Greg and, it seemed, absolutely bloody fascinating to this Watson bloke.
She roused herself with a grumpy little noise, wrinkling her nose in distaste before settling against John's chest. The driver retrieved the hastily packed duffel bags, leading the way to the front door before gesturing John forward. 'If you could place your thumb on the lock, Sir.'
Never, in all his life, would Sherlock forget the tempest of horror and embarrassment that briefly shattered Mycroft’s composure. His brother was not one to swear, but Sherlock could almost hear his internal litany of curses.
'Was it a lie?'
Jumping down a level, he paused, taking a moment to survey his options. Of course, the main roads that carved through London’s buildings were as impassable as any river, at least up here. However, there were always places where buildings met across the great divide like lovers leaning in for a kiss. If he chose, he could get from Baker Street to Embankment without setting foot on the pavement. Tempting, but he had already been out more than hour, sprinting through the breathless chill of London’s early morning.
John looked like he wanted to argue, but he did as he was told, folding his arms as he watched Sherlock stretch out on the sofa and drape one arm theatrically over his forehead. ‘My heart’s beating too fast, I’m pale and sweaty, but there’s no apparent arrhythmia. Mild fever. Difficulty swallowing. Itchy palms. What do you suspect?’
His expression gave nothing away, no glimmer of joy or grimace of distaste. He looked like an animate statue – blank and receptive – his feelings hidden from Sherlock's sight.
'Not enough,' Greg replied, a bit louder than he probably intended, but John could appreciate the sentiment.
'I know, Sherlock.' John's lips ticked up at one corner, his crooked smile strained but real all the same. And in it, at last, there was something that looked like the first hint of true forgiveness.
‘Naturally. I’ll be off.’ He set the bottle down on Mycroft’s desk: all the proof he needed. ‘Do say hello to Lestrade for me, won’t you?’
Maybe his leg was giving him trouble; he definitely appeared to be favouring that side, and Sherlock pursed his lips as he considered the best way to alleviate John's emotional state. In truth, there was not much he could do, but removing some of the helplessness that surrounded them might bolster John's mood.
‘Which were wrong.’ Sherlock huffed, his skin crawling with the desire to hide from it all. ‘We wouldn’t have seen the culprit if not for you. So you solved that one.’
'Death made to look like murder, and a prison sentence.' John's mouth wrenched to the side in a twisted grimace. 'I think Norbury got the raw end of that deal. Mary gets her freedom and she gets, what?'
'With Mary dead and Norbury ensconced in police custody, their options have grown limited.' Sherlock pursed his lips. 'Norbury has no family. She is, in fact, a remarkably insular person. Perfect for her chosen profession.'
Cautiously, Sherlock sauntered over to the little cupboard where Mycroft kept his keys, noting immediately where the spare had been: now notably absent. Given, probably, to his guest, which rather suggested something more serious than a quick fling.
'What if I said that's what I wanted? ' he asked. 'Would you say it was too sudden? Would you agree with your brother that we would be "rushing" things?'
Her tatty coat gradually grew glossy, and John found some vaccination and flea treatment records tucked carefully into a drawer. She ate better than they did, most of the time, and Sherlock might forget to feed himself for days in a row, but he never neglected the cat.
John’s thighs trembled, and he pressed into Sherlock, biting hot, wet kisses up the pale column of his throat. He was beautiful, glorious, debauched. If anyone barged into the vestry right now, they might not recognise their prim and proper priest: hair tousled and cheeks flushed with high flags of passionate colour.
'You are mistaken,' Norbury croaked at last. 'She would not risk coming back.'
‘Of – of course, Sherlock. Anything.’
John could not deprive himself of that small comfort.
Shadows flickered at the corner of his vision.
John sighed, tipping his head back and swallowing the faint nausea that greased his throat. The confines of the car pressed against his skin even as the whirl of his thoughts trapped him within their cocoon. Sick and claustrophobic, he cracked the window, drawing in a lungful of sharp, cold air as the vehicle hummed along the M6 toll road.
‘Had fun?’ John mumbled from where he was lying, face down, on Sherlock’s bed. The white covers complimented his tanned skin brilliantly, and his hair was stuck up at all angles: just how Sherlock had left him.
Well, it went both ways. Maybe Sherlock couldn’t make the first move, but John could.
To the Watsons.
For god’s sake, he wasn’t even doing anything particularly sexy, like romancing his violin or brushing his fingertips over his lips. Instead, he was handling the mold of a shoe print found at a crime scene, tracing the ridges and furrows with fascination.
‘Never underestimate the power of nostalgia,’ Sherlock murmured, circling the scatter of pocket-watches like a hawk, his eyes agleam. ‘They carry a certain gravitas that some people strive for.’
Reluctantly, John handed over his mobile, watching Mycroft's thumb slide over the screen. 'Ms Morstan,' he said by way of greeting, an unctuous smile that was more a grimace twisting his face. 'I'm afraid Doctor Watson is unavailable, but then I suspect you knew that.'
He saw the moment when John's uncertainties receded, replaced instead by the gleam of determination. Sherlock had not realised how much he had missed him until the last shadows faded, revealing the best friend he knew so well. It was not the flicked-switch of change. Rather, it was as if John came into familiar focus, choosing to put aside every reservation and nagging doubt. He had the strength to face whatever awaited them in London, of that Sherlock was certain, and it was a relief to witness.
John raised an eyebrow at that. A good chunk of Greg’s job came down to reading people. Were they lying or honest? Guilty or innocent? Friends or lovers or somewhere in between? ‘Jagged?’
He smoothed down the restraints over Rosie's body, checking, as he always did, that the car seat remained secure before slipping in behind the wheel. He looked at his daughter in the rear-view mirror and surreptitiously glanced around the street.
And there was something final and absolute in Sherlock’s tone, as if he were setting it in stone. The fact he also calmly and subtly took John’s hand in his only added to that affect, leaving John and Irene as breathless as each other, though for very different reasons.
Today, tomorrow, a thousand years from now… He and John would come and go, living their lives to the full, but London would remain.
In retrospect, he should not have been surprised. John was never going to take any drug use in his stride. It did not matter that they led separate lives now: John with Mary and Sherlock with the Work. Whether they liked it or not, they were still irrevocably locked within one another’s orbits: stuck in a confusing cocktail of resentment and relief.
'Wrong.'
'Just what?'
'Interfering sod.' John wrinkled his nose. He and Sherlock had not mentioned their change in relationship to the oldest Holmes. Sherlock swore it was none of his brother's business, and John deeply suspected Mycroft already knew, which was creepy in ways he didn't want to consider.
Harsh words burned the tip of John's tongue: a cold reminder of the vow Sherlock had already broken when Mary died. Yet he choked it back, swallowing it down and burying it deep in his gut, flint-sharp and heavy.
He wasn't sure what he expected. Some gargantuan pile, probably, but the house was a comfortable, red-brick structure set in a wide expanse of parkland. The car's tyres crunched over the gravel as it came to a halt, and John clambered out, taking a deep breath of fresh air that smelled of cut grass rather than exhaust fumes. It eased the headache that drummed in his temples, and he rubbed his eyes before bending down to free Rosie from her car seat.
Again.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, his shrug eloquent as his gaze drifted around the room. ‘I’m not so sure.’
Of course, hanging around with Sherlock both dragged him into the spotlight and concealed him in the shadows. Between the newspapers and the clients, he felt more involved with society than ever before: like he was on some kind of stage.
'Only if they were time-wasters.' John shrugged, shaking his head as he decapitated his boiled egg and dunked toast in the runny yolk. 'Which is very few of them, to be honest. No, I'm more worried about what we'll see in a year. How many people who needed a quick diagnosis that won't get it because they decide not to bother us – that kind of thing.'
He shouldn't be surprised, John thought. He'd never asked Sherlock not to. During that whole, fraught period, Sherlock had kept his distance. Despite his own involvement – despite the fact that Mary had almost cost him his God-damn life – he had left as much of the situation in John's hands as he felt able. He had not tried to steer him one way or another, but John should have known he would have made some contingency plans.
'Get out of the van, Sherlock. Slowly.' She stepped away, giving him space. The baleful eye of the weapon in her hand never shifted from its mark, and one look at Mary's stony expression told Sherlock there would be no mercy there. She had already proven herself more than willing to fire at him. Now would be no exception. If anything, today she had more cause to finish him off than ever before.
'Shit, are you all right?' Sherlock had pulled off the tattered remains of his shirt, and John snatched it from him, bunching up the fine cotton and pressing it against the wound, his other hand bracing against Sherlock's back to keep even pressure. 'Sit down before you fall down, will you? Can you taste blood? Do you feel dizzy?'
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. 'Then we will adapt until it does,' he promised, meaning every word. He had let John go once. He would not do so again. Not without a fight. 'Now, what else do we need to do?'
Sherlock nudged him, breaking the spell and handing him some coveralls. John took them with a whisper of thanks, forcing himself to focus on getting into the protective clothing. It wasn’t just the floor that was covered in blood. Great arcs of it dotted up the walls and smattered the ceiling. Anderson and his team had their work cut out for them. It would take ages to process a scene like this.
'If you think you can get the file from me,' he said at last, 'I'm afraid you're mistaken. I don't have it.'
Yet his answer broke through that mask of smugness. He saw the sympathy flash in Mycroft’s gaze and curl the corners of his mouth down as he spoke the unembellished truth.
'Jam?'
'But you are the one who got shot.' John folded his arms, shaking his head and watching Sherlock slump back. His bad temper was more an act than anything. He'd have to be blind to miss the way the creases in his face softened with relief or how that long body relaxed against the support of the cushions. 'Of the two of us, you're in a worse state.'
'Let's go.' Commander Wells led them, her gun at the ready as she covered all the angles of approach. Her training shone like a beacon, her competence unquestionable, and Sherlock hid a grimace. Mycroft always had a way of getting the best and brightest, and this team were clearly used to working with him. At least he could trust their integrity and skill, but the presence of a stranger irked him all the same.
'Stay.'
‘Mrs Hudson’s got it!’ John shouted after her. ‘It could be anyone!’ Like some of Sherlock’s clients. Or worse, enemies. Though admittedly most of them didn’t bother knocking.
'Mycroft, is John –?' Sherlock's deep voice cut off abruptly, punctuated by the meaty thud of a blow hitting flesh, but not before John caught the subtle tremor of real fear in his words. Not for himself, it seemed, but for John. Had he overheard what Mycroft said, or had he seen the warehouse go up in smoke before Mary snatched him away?
It spoke of something far more long term and organised than he had first assumed. These were not consultants brought together by a master-mind, but an integrated and established cadre.
Trepidation coiled low in John's gut. Sherlock did not rest a hand in the small of his back to guide him, nor reach out in any way. Did he want him to? John couldn't be sure. All he knew was that the tension in his body inched higher by the moment, getting worse with every step he took. He did not wish to face this: whatever it was.
Ducking through, he glanced around, noting the smashed streetlamps, the feathers of their broken glass lying on the ground. There were several warehouses, all in various states of disrepair. A fork-lift truck stripped of its tyres, engine and everything else of value lay on its side. Slicks of rubbish piled in closed doorways, and puddles collected in the pitted concrete, reflecting the washed-out blue of the sky. The only sign of life was a flock of crows squabbling among themselves, cawing to one another as John passed by.
The thick, protective jacket the fencers wore hid the bodies beneath. Now, even from this distance, John could see how Sherlock's muscles moved, the strain they had to endure in order to push Sherlock's frame into such elegant, stable poses. If this was him out of practice – and he'd never wielded a sword in John's presence before, so he had to be – then he dreaded to think what Sherlock had been like at his peak.
John deserved time and space in his grief, but Sherlock felt ill-equipped to understand the conflicting messages that came his way. He kept trying to see what the future might hold – in a day, a week, a month – and coming up empty-handed. Every moment seemed to pass in a futile effort to select the best course of action. In truth, he felt lost.
'Stop it,' John hissed, his fingers shifting around the butt of his gun as he took a single step forward. He did not shake his head – he would not wish to take his eyes off Mary, not even for a moment – but Sherlock could make out the subtle tremor of emotional strain racing through his body. He did not dare guess what John was grappling with, yet he could imagine how much worse it would have been if Mary's survival had been a surprise. 'I'm not playing your game. Not anymore.'
'Prostitutes.' Greg nodded sagely. 'They lived next door. Nice girls, but loud. Really loud. Them and the crack den on the floor below.'
‘You’re staring.’
The "Greek Team" was a misnomer. In fact, to attribute them to any nationality was to make a faulty assumption. They acted above and beyond geographical and political borders, selling their services to the highest bidder. Extraction and capture. Espionage and sabotage.
Ordering another double round, John gathered the glasses together, just about managing them all. A sensible bloke would take two and then come back for the others, but he wanted to get back to his armchair before some enterprising prat nicked it out from under him. It wasn't like Greg made a very fierce guard dog, sprawled as he was, eyes at half-mast and so relaxed he practically melted into his own comfortable chair.
‘Wrong.’
'John –'
By the time he reached it, he felt as if he might snap. The huge hangar doors were closed and pitted with rust, but the service entrance to the right swung inwards as he pushed it. Going through would leave him framed against the light, but he had no choice in the matter. There was no other access point that he could see, and John braced himself as he darted into the velvet gloom.
Liar. The accusation rattled around Sherlock's teeth, but he did not free it. He would let John keep his comfortable fibs. Now, more than ever, he could see that John was unravelling at his seams, all his pieces coming apart despite his best efforts to hold himself together.
He did not have to wait long for Sherlock to join him. He had changed, stripping out of his neat suit and cladding himself in jeans and a hoodie. He'd raked his fingers through his hair, and there was something hard and sharp about his features that gave him a hungry appearance.
'True. What about you? Are you feeling all right?'
‘And?’
Sherlock risked a glance at John, noting the pallor of his cheeks and the dark gleam in his eyes. Tension cast its sharp line along his jaw, and his arms didn't waver as he pointed the gun at Mary, neither lowering its muzzle nor relaxing his stance.
'Will do.’
'Come on then, Rosie-Rose. Let's go home.'
Sherlock’s mouth twisted as he sat forward in his armchair, his elbows on his knees. ‘Myristicin: the troublesome ingredient in nutmeg. A number of people every year become unwell due to overdose: though most of them are accidental. It’s more effective when freshly ground or consumed as an oil, but more dangerous. More pure.’
Resting his hands upon John’s hips, Sherlock bent his head, his entire body sparking as John melted against him. He smelled like fresh air and tasted of coffee: perfect in every way that mattered. John moaned, a happy, horny sound that made Sherlock’s toes curl and his pulse quicken, intoxicated.
'I thought...' Sherlock trailed off, extricating his arms from where they were pinned at his waist and wrapping John in the depths of his own embrace. They clung to one another, every shared breath and the pressed-close beats of their hearts slowly crystallising the moment around them. 'After I came back...'
'Finding Doctor Watson somewhere to take shelter while we sort out this mess is not the challenge,' Mycroft replied, and Sherlock could hear the clack of computer keys: his brother already making arrangements, solving problems without consulting anyone else about the particulars – as was his wont. 'Getting him there while keeping those who have him under surveillance ignorant of it is another matter.'
‘Don’t see these often anymore,’ John murmured, gesturing to the gleaming silver amidst the feathers of broken glass. ‘I’m surprised anyone still buys them.’
In the blink of an eye, patience gave way to unstoppable action.
Mycroft turned to the commander. 'The CCTV is on a closed loop. Taking control of it will give us an advantage by blinding Mary but will alert her to our presence. We need to choose our moment. That is where Doctor Watson comes in. He will recover Sherlock.'
'Give me the gun, Mary.' Sherlock stepped forward, careful not to block John's shot as he reached out. 'You won't need it here.'
John winced. Sherlock was not even trying to keep the blatant disdain out of his voice. ‘It’s Candice, I think. I’m sure she’s very nice.’
'Thanks,' he muttered, wincing against the headache that drummed in his temples. 'I needed that. It's been a long, fucked up day.'
John loved him. It wrote itself in the strength of his kiss, the brush of his hands, and in every contented sigh. It was a love Sherlock returned with equal fervour, pressing it into John’s skin with shaking fingertips and slow caresses.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his bow screeching across the violin’s strings. The raucous noise, perversely satisfying, did not even make Mycroft flinch. Not a good sign. Normally, auditory abuse would drive him out of the room. Choosing to endure such caterwauling meant that Mycroft would not be content until he thought he had made his point.
Sherlock's words washed over him, a weak balm, but a comfort all the same. John did not have to listen hard to find the deeper meaning to his apology. He wasn't merely regretful over John's current internal conflict.
'Clever investments?'
'There are some Dettol wipes under the sink. They might help. I'm more worried about communal spaces, like the hallway, if I'm honest. I tried not to touch too much when I came back from work, but...'
Sherlock could only pray it was a powerful deception, rather than a heart-breaking truth.
'If the old guard of Harmattan discovered what you were doing, I have no doubt their retribution would be swift and absolute. John and Rosie were in danger from them, and you hoped your "death" would bring that facet to an end, but you never intended to vanish into obscurity, did you, Mary?' Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes as possibilities exploded like fireworks in the confines of his mind palace.
Worse, had he not escaped at all?
For all they that were safe here, it was a tenuous position. He wanted to flee, to grab Rosie and race to the ends of the earth if it meant avoiding this haunted, hunted reality, but the truth was unavoidable.
'Don't be difficult.' Mycroft sighed, waving a dismissive hand. 'My priority is unravelling this mess with Norbury and Ms Morstan. Besides, I don't feel you have much choice in the matter, Sherlock, not unless you want to spend a month or more decoding the documents and making yourself and Doctor Watson more appealing targets in the process. Anyone wanting to either buy the secrets or silence them will hunt you, more so than they already are.'
They shared the broad expanse of the mattress, solemn and chaste but breathless all the same. Sherlock could not decide if it was a blessing or pure, unadulterated torture. To have John close, to know he was safe and happy, sleeping and recovering, put him at ease in ways he'd never thought possible. Yet his receding concern left space for other, brighter things to flourish.
John narrowed his eyes, scooping up the last of his korma sauce with the tail end of his naan. He felt as if he were missing something, some crucial piece of evidence that was staring him right in the face, but the beer goggles were making it hard to see. 'How long's it been bothering you?'
'She is not going to let this go, John. She has already paid a high price in pursuit of this course of action; she will not cut her losses and flee. My inability to predict her next move means we are stuck here waiting for her to act. That could be in an hour, or not for another day. It depends how quickly she can set her plan into motion.'
'Would you?' Sherlock’s question lay like a thrown gauntlet between them. ‘Or would you find a way to continue blaming me for your own misery?' He straightened his shoulders. He could not deny that his arrogance had led him to underestimate Norbury, but there was a limit to the amount of responsibility he would carry without protest. 'I did not pull the trigger, John.'
'And you're keeping one for yourself?'
Pride, he supposed. A little bit of “I don’t need you” which was complete and utter bollocks. Anger too. Here he was, trying to punish Sherlock with his absence, except he was pretty sure the only person suffering was himself.
He had shot his wife dead, and he would do it again to save Sherlock.
Sherlock shook his head, his lips pursed tight. 'Ideally, I would go myself, but there is no way of knowing how far the influence of our Greek observers reaches. Are they isolated to London, or have they spread further throughout the country? The risk of being seen is not negligible. If they followed me back here...' He trailed off, drawing his knee up to his chest and propping one arm on its peak. 'All this will have been for nothing.'
‘I gave him a referral. Therapy, mostly, but to someone I know. Someone I trust. They’ll follow up in a couple of days, and if they can’t help him they’ll get him to someone who can.’
. Of course, it was a result of advancing technology. No longer did you have to print a whole film in order to see your snapshots. You could sort and delete at the press of a button, which made this case all the more unusual.
‘You’ll be all right. Rest, plenty of fluids, paracetamol and ibuprofen if you need them. Don’t go too hard on the decongestant.’
He moved with a soldier's grace, his gun lowered, at ease for now but ready to bring to bear at a moment's notice. He did not expose his back to Mary: a blatant show of distrust. Instead, he traversed the short distance, not returning to Mary's side as she had no doubt hoped, but standing sentry just behind Sherlock's armchair. With that one decision, John made it clear who he believed.
With a blink, he shook his head, drawing back to actually notice what he was seeing. Mary was walking down a street, her hands in her pockets but her shoulders straight. The photographer had caught her mid-stride. The wind blew her hair away from the line of her jaw, but it was her eyes that captured John's attention:  staring straight at the camera, focussed and knowing.
'He's your last chance. The only one who can give you what you want.' That was not technically true. With enough time and the right equipment, he could recompile the scattered pieces of the file and surrender it to her, but he had no intention of doing so: a fact, it seemed, that Mary had already deduced. 'Though perhaps you should have considered your estimates of my brother's regard for me more carefully. John's loyalty to his country is firm, but Mycroft's is without fault.'
‘Make your point.’ Sherlock snapped, hating the turn of the conversation. It had put him on the back foot, leaving his skin crawling and his body tight with discomfort. John was not something he wanted to discuss with anyone – let alone Mycroft.
He whirled away, already plucking free his mask. John followed, shucking off the horror that seemed to encase the room. Whatever this was – mutilating corpses or mass murder, Sherlock would get to the bottom of it.
'Something isn't right.'
‘Oh, don’t worry.’ Sherlock pushed open the door, stepping out into London’s chill. ‘Sebastian will get what he deserves.’
‘I’ll get us a double. It’s almost happy hour and I don’t fancy queuing at the bar later.’
'Of course.'
He wished he felt more rested. Sherlock had said he'd been asleep for hours, but he felt as if he'd barely had the chance to shut his eyes. His head ached and grumbled, a constant drone between his ears and pressure behind his sinuses. Swallowing caused a sharp discomfort: swollen lymph nodes in his neck and jaw, probably, and his eyes prickled every time he blinked.
'Mycroft said it was quick and thorough, which implies they did not search the place once they knew it was empty. I shall have my homeless network confirm it, but I think we can assume you were correct. The intruders the other night were not searching for something that Mary had left behind: they were looking for you.'
'Nothing that might have put her in danger. The team looked up to her. I know she was struggling to balance her increasing course-load and the demands of the sport but...' Winters pressed a hand to her brow, one elbow propped on the arm of her chair before she looked to her right, her gaze unfocussed as she stared out of the window. 'She was considering standing down. Her qualifications took priority.'
Winters gave him a look, half-irritation, half-amusement. 'That won't be necessary, but thank you. If you need anything, let my assistant know. He's in the room just across the hall. All doors are open to you.'
It was like a splash of cold water. That – Donovan did not call him that. Few people did, and until today the sergeant had never been one of them. He blinked his eyes open - when had he shut them? – and did his best to focus.
John was lost.
The thought made John's stomach clench, caught in that familiar tangle of emotion that he could not name: anger and fear and hope all mixed up together. Sharp and desperate, he swallowed against it, hating himself for feeling anything but loathing. If not for Sherlock Mary would be alive. He should have cut him out of his life – turned his back once and for all – yet here he was, still dancing to his tune.
'Stop and think,' he commanded, raising one supercilious eyebrow. 'You're allowing instinct to drive you. Everything we know of the splinter group implies that they favour distraction and subterfuge. A full-frontal assault with a weapon of war such as a Hind helicopter is not only out-of-character, it's nonsensical. They cannot afford to kill indiscriminately if they want the file. Automatic weaponry and missiles are not tools of assassination. They are designed for mass slaughter.'
‘It’s – it’s a fake?’ John frowned, not quite following what Sherlock was getting at. ‘Banksy didn’t make it?’
'Won't her cooperation be taken into account when it comes to sentencing?'
'I'm with Mycroft.' He glanced over at Sherlock's brother who was on his own call, his face an impassive, icy mask as he listened to whatever information one of his minions relayed to him. 'Down near the docklands. Look, Greg. Be careful. Mary's been using explosives as traps and distractions.'
Oh, he found his way back into the shadow of Sherlock’s footsteps easily enough, but the spectre of deception lingered between them, never forgiven. Mary had been John's normal, and then turned out to be anything but. Again, while John may have chosen Mary as his wife, he had not done so knowing of the trouble her past would bring.
'Perhaps not.' Mary stared at him, her gaze cool and hard. 'But one way or another, Sherlock, it will end.'
‘You’ve got lurgy.’
'Here.' Phil handed over a piece of paper, preferring to pass it to John rather than bother Sherlock. 'She was fighting hard, last night. She did, when she was stressed about something, trying to work it through. Six bouts, barely a pause in between, from when she got here until about 10:30 at night.'
John wanted to sob. He loved his daughter, he really did, but the idea of her clinging to him in this heat was too much to bear. He was at his bloody wit’s end, and his daughter was throwing an epic wobbly, because of grass.
John sipped his tea, staring at nothing. Sherlock wondered if he had heard anything he said, or if he was too lost in his thoughts to connect with the world.
'You promised your file to the splinter group, and now you can't deliver. Ajay saw to that. Mycroft's got the only other copy. If you want it, you'll have to deal with him.'
'If you're right and it all kicks off when we get back, then having some food in is a good idea. You might be able to run on an empty stomach, but I can't.' John stared out of the window, knowing Sherlock would not bring up his sporadic lack of appetite. He might not want to eat, but unlike Sherlock, John accepted that it was a necessity. He suspected the next few days would be hard enough without being half-starved as well.
Bracing his shoulders, he bullied himself to sit up straighter. Getting to his feet was unthinkable, but for Donovan’s sake, he could present a strong façade.
A spasm of vivid agony, quickly shoved aside, pinched Sherlock’s features. John saw it all the same. Hard not to, really. When you spent so much time with someone as observant as Sherlock, you tended to learn a thing or two.
In his absence from London, he had been thorough in dismantling every last strand of that particular web. He had left no stone unturned. Besides, as ominous as they seemed, these watchers were too banal – too obvious. They had none of Moriarty's flair. No, if there was to be a sting in the tail of that whole debacle, then it would be explosive. Sherlock would be left in no doubt of who to blame.
He could acknowledge, perhaps, that it had been rendered invisible by the colour of the flooring, but that did not change the fact that he had been there. Right there. Mary had stepped between him and the gun, near enough that he could have reached out his arm and his fingertips would brush her shoulder. However, there had been no splatter staining his shirt whatsoever.
‘So, she ate the flowers?’
Mary had needed to keep him docile for a fixed amount of time in order to get him here without incident, but why? She had called for John and used Molly as bait. It had seemed so obvious that she would select John as the weak link in the chain – the best place to apply pressure. Now he realised that she had been playing them all along.
'Why are you here?' John's question cut through the silence, loud in Baker Street's neglected chill.
‘No.’
Something in his pocket dug into his hip, and John's heart leapt in his throat as he remembered the phone Anthea had dropped off in his office. He wasn't meant to use it here, but she had said it was for emergencies. John was fairly certain that someone breaking into his home counted as such.
His leg always ached worse around this time of year. All in his head, of course, but that didn’t make it any better. It still hurt like the blazes, making his mood a million times worse. He wasn’t fit company for anyone. Best all ‘round if he just ferreted himself away in the flat and sulked, really.
He sighed, pursing his lips in annoyance. ‘My main concern is whether they will work together, or both race for it: the splinter group with the idea of ousting Mary from her position, and Mary with the notion of gaining the upper-hand. That would be the ideal situation. If they are squabbling with each other, they may have less chance to focus on us.'
John did. He was a GP, not front-line staff, but that still meant he was more likely to be exposed to the wretched virus than the average person on the street. His chances of bringing Covid-19 back to the flat were considerable. Now, here he stood, sweating and shivering and not sure what to do with himself. Sherlock had ignored his feeble attempts to keep his distance then, and it seemed that was not about to change.
Swallowing back the bile of his guilt, John settled to eating his fill of the bounty on offer in the safe-house. For too long, his appetite had been negligible. He had fed himself for the sake of sustenance and little else. Now, flavour sparked across his tongue and the fragrance of food filled his nose.
Mary pulled one of the zip ties tight before stepping back to consider her handiwork. 'That's what I like about you, Sherlock.' She smiled as she leaned against a nearby desk, the light filtering in from the slatted blinds over the windows painting stripes across her face. 'Most men would bluster and swear, but you seem to know when you are beaten.'
'But Harmattan aren't the only ones we've got to worry about. You think Mary...?' John trailed off, shaking his head. 'Of course she would. If she needed to, she'd use Molly to get to us, wouldn't she?'
Or had it been deliberate? All this some subconscious bid for John’s attention?
It was Mycroft who had coined the term: sharp and telling. Now, with Mary dead for several years, it still gave away too much.
He turned around, moving towards the kettle with every intention of making them both a cup of tea. It was an automatic method of offering comfort that Mrs Hudson frequently relied upon, and her habit had rubbed off on Sherlock years ago.
Leaving the bedroom door open, Sherlock padded out into the flat, rescuing some leftovers from the fridge. Cooking was not one of his passions, but he knew enough to feed himself, and John for that matter. It helped that John had stocked up on meat and canned soup, making simple stews and other nourishing fare a straightforward endeavour.
Not only could Mary have an alternative plan of which he was unaware, rendering his sacrifice meaningless, there was also John to consider. He had promised, more than once, to be careful, and that meant he could not risk an all-or-nothing scenario. Not with someone as ruthless as Mary.
It took them fifteen or so minutes to stock up on bare essentials in one of the large supermarkets on London's outskirts. A quick stop at their favourite takeaway left the car's interior smelling of Chinese, and John tried not to smirk at the idea of Mycroft wrinkling his nose when he reclaimed the vehicle.
That seemed unlikely, considering their current location, but what Greg had to ask him was personal, that much was clear. 'You can ask. I reserve the right not to answer, and if it's medical you're better off making an appointment with your own doctor.'
Sherlock, not Mary.
There had been such a slow inevitability to it all, their friendship evolving into something that refused the neat labels that others tried to pin upon them. They were not lovers, despite the suspicions of almost everyone they met. Friendship felt like too pale a word for it, insipid at best. No, even Sherlock himself, who spent his life categorising everything that passed his field of view, would struggle to name what he and John had. A bond that had survived more than most marriages could weather.
Either way, it made something warm and hopeful flutter in John’s chest. Not so long ago he’d have tried to squash the sensation, to usher it out of sight, but he’d pretty much given up on that. It denied all his efforts to ignore it and came back to haunt him stronger than before.
‘What would be the point of that?’ Sherlock glanced up from his phone. ‘It’s not as if either of us can drive in this.’ He flicked his fingers, indicating the monotonous view through the windshield. ‘Multiple vehicle incident including a lorry that ploughed through the barrier. Until the wreckage is cleared, we’re stuck.’
Only once he was seated in the back of the car did he dare draw it out again. He turned it over twice in his hand to examine the envelope – utterly unremarkable – before he broke the seal and pulled out the sheet of paper within.
'Doctor Watson. I'm glad you arrived safe and sound.' Mycroft's voice sounded alarmingly present and focused. Normally when John spoke to him, he gave the impression of a man with a dozen better things to worry about than a retired army doctor. Now he came across as serious and genuine; the change alone put John on his guard.
The only thing of any note was the Fiat 500 parked in its gateway.
'Before, I imagine,' Sherlock decided, his eyes gleaming so bright they matched his blade. 'This was never about someone taking her place as champion. You would certainly never step into her shoes, not at your age. This was about punishing her. She didn't deserve her sabre, so you took it from her, didn't you, Mister Townsend?'
'I'm sorry.'
'I have only your word that he is unharmed. Prove it. Let me talk to him.'
Maybe it served her right for believing that her past could stay buried. She should have known it didn't work that way. Especially not for someone like her. There was a special place in hell for traitors, after all. She and Vivian were both professionals in betrayal. Vivian sold state secrets, and Mary? Well, she'd known about
Mary’s smile was a work of art: vapid and empty. She flicked the gun, motioning for him to move as she held her silence.
Sherlock nodded, his gloved fingertips ghosting over her frame as he considered the evidence before him. ‘She was in full fencing gear, but some of the fastenings are undone. Is there a locker room nearby?’
'We'll be ready.' John took his Sig out of his waistband, setting it within easy reach of the makeshift bed. He did not bother to change or even to take off his boots. He simply settled amidst the quilts and put his head on the pillow, leaving the space at his back vacant for Sherlock to occupy.
Sherlock inclined his head. 'What would you like?'
Now, it glinted with wicked purpose.
'I need access to a copy of Mary's autopsy results,' he said without preamble. 'Your expertise would also be appreciated. I am aware you did not conduct it yourself.'
Yet it was John’s expression: soft pride, poorly concealed, that warmed Sherlock through and through.
A gleam of silver in his rear-view mirror caught his attention for the third time since coming out of the car park, and he narrowed his eyes at the little Fiat 500. Sherlock's warning about someone tailing him through London rang in his mind. Not that he could be certain. There were enough cars on the road that it was easy to blend in, but every time he glanced up, it was still there, hanging back and never quite in his direct line of sight.
John shook his head, trying to cast aside his thoughts of Sherlock and fencing, drugs and a quiet mind. Sometimes, often when he had just begun to believe that Sherlock had no secrets left to share, he'd end up blind-sided by something extraordinary. Something Sherlock, no doubt, considered irrelevant, but that only gave John another, intriguing insight into his friend's life before he'd ever been a part of it. 'Already?' he managed, accepting his phone back as Sherlock sprang to his feet and dashed out of the door, clattering down the stairs and leaving John to follow. 'That was fast.'
Even sleep was a guilty pleasure, these days. Something he shouldn't want and could not be permitted to enjoy. His therapist would be appalled by the depths of his self-punishment. Of course, he'd have to call her first. Set up an appointment...
Shaking his head, Sherlock cast his musings away. He was not in Croatia for a holiday, and his thoughts were nothing but a fantasy. John would never see the Dalmatian coast. At least, not in Sherlock’s company. He would be lucky if John so much as gave him the time of day upon his eventual return to London. He may not be the most socially aware of people, but even Sherlock knew that faking his own death was more than a bit not good.
'Every inch of it in high-definition photographs. They did not clean the stonework for fear of attracting undue scrutiny, but they ensured that nothing escaped their notice. You should have everything you need.' Mycroft's voice tilted upwards, questioning, waiting for Sherlock to fill in the gaps. Not that he could offer his brother much in the way of answers.
'Nearby,' Sherlock promised, his expression solemn. 'I told you I would not allow you to face this alone, John. Nor will I make efforts to deal with it myself. We are in this together; we merely wish to give the illusion of your obedience to Mary's demands. The building where she has requested to meet you is on an old industrial-estate: long-abandoned and likely deserted, even during the day. The fact that she's acted already, rather than waiting for nightfall, speaks volumes of the urgency of her situation.'
The detail was lacking and the hair colour was wrong. Sunglasses hid her eyes and her distance from the camera blurred her outline just enough, but he could see what had triggered John's recognition. Not the details of the woman, but the angle of her body and the way she stood.
The woman who had thrown away their life, their family and their marriage for the sake of her ambition, or the man who had helped him put all the pieces together again with quiet dedication?
‘Jesus!’
Biting his lip, John shifted in his armchair. He drew his knees up to his chest, wrinkling his nose as a waft of fragrance from his unwashed body assailed him. The bitter perfume made his skin crawl, and he clenched his jaw.
Follows on from "Ragnarök"
Sherlock huffed. ‘Honestly, John. Isn’t it obvious?’
Like the pieces of a well-oiled machine, the unit separated, each team fixed upon their task. Only John remained where he was, hunkered tense and anxious in the long grass. There was too much that could go wrong – too many unknowns – and it was impossible to take them all in to account.
Some of the subtle tension humming through Sherlock's body eased away, telegraphing itself through the slump of his shoulders and the tilt of his head: a silent acknowledgement of John's point.
'Mycroft was merely informing me that the Greek team has remained in London, and claimed a new base of operations. It was... not what I expected.'
'I – I –' She pushed her spectacles up her nose before folding her hands back onto the tabletop. Her thin lips vanished entirely as she pursed them, her body held rigid as if she were resisting the desire to slump where she sat. 'She should not be here.'
'God, yes,' Greg groaned. 'I've got a few days off, and after the month I've had, I deserve to get a bit pissed.'
Mycroft nodded, his austere face grim. 'We were nearby, as Sherlock requested, when the blast went off. Sherlock had apprised me of your location. I am gratified to find you survived.'
'You make it sound like we'll be interrogated.'
So who were they?
'John.'
Lowering one hand, she freed her pistol from its holster, smacking it down into Sherlock's palm with more force than necessary. 'Satisfied?' she demanded, casting a frosty glare in John's direction. 'Or are you planning on keeping me at gunpoint?'
So, Sherlock did the only thing he could. He reached into himself for his fears, his deepest concerns – the ones that heeded neither logical argument or rational explanation – and he used them to his best advantage, laying them out like cards at a poker game.
They were the ones the old fairy tales were written about. The ones full of blood and warnings about sharp indifference and empty promises. They sure as bloody hell weren’t meant to be flatmates or friends or whatever the hell else John had believed.
'You've been out for almost seven hours,' Sherlock confided, reaching out to flick on the bedside lamp, compensating for the gloom created by the curtains pulled across the window. 'Though I admit it did not seem restful. So far, your reaction to this is rather generic.'
Hanging up his towel to dry, he made the bed and tidied up Rosie's clutter before scooping his daughter back in to his arms. The scent of baby shampoo filled his nose, and he smiled at her as he squared his shoulders and trotted downstairs.
Mary's voice, gentle but firm, carried down the line, slicing through the last clinging veils of sleep. He was aware of Sherlock next to him, his clothed body curled close and his eyes like quicksilver: watching. It felt as if he'd been caught cheating. Mary's words were an invasion, and guilt clenched John's stomach in uncomfortable cramps.
‘Her?’ John frowned at Sherlock as he gave him a look very similar to the one he’d just received from the cat. ‘I’m a doctor, not a vet, Sherlock.’
Sherlock cast him a weary look before flicking a dismissive hand. 'I was champion in the sabre back at university. Though I never noticed any particular trials that came with the role. No more than usual, anyway.'
So he kept his head down and went through life, one foot in front of the other. He didn't see Sherlock, and Sherlock made no effort to get in touch. He didn't know if Molly had said anything; he hadn't asked. Part of him kept expecting Sherlock to show up somewhere – hoped for it, even.
Sherlock jumped, almost falling over his own feet as he spun around to stare at his older brother. At fifteen, Mycroft was a gangle of long limbs, and he dwarfed Sherlock’s childish form. Still, despite his anger, there was no threat there. The last thing Mycroft would ever do was hurt him; Sherlock knew that.
He wouldn't allow anybody to take this from him. Not Harmattan, not the splinter group, and not Mary. She'd had her chance at a life with John, and she'd cast it aside. This was where he belonged, and he would not let it go again.
'I see.' Sherlock curved a hand over his mouth, and John watched the play of light over that familiar profile. The harsh glow of the laptop screen washed out his pale skin to something almost other-worldly, adding a touch of frost to those dark curls even as Sherlock's eyes gleamed with the lightning race of his thoughts.
‘And the – the red?’ John gestured to his own face.
'Email me the details, Molly. They could come in useful,' Sherlock ordered, easing off the accelerator as someone cut across the traffic up ahead, making brake-lights flash red.
John's skill with language had only improved over the years, honed from amateurish and mediocre into something engaging. Perhaps his emotional state had rendered him less articulate than usual, but the more he looked at the letter, the more Sherlock found himself puzzled by it.
Blankness wiped across his mind, silencing every niggling doubt, blocking it out until there was nothing but the sound of his own pulse in his ears and the hot, heady tingle of want humming beneath his skin. He wet his lips without thinking, a prickle of electricity working its way down his back as Sherlock echoed the gesture: an erotic flash of pink skating over the lush curve of his mouth.
With quick, efficient movements, he opened Mrs Hudson's kitchen cupboard, pulling out the box where she kept the spare lightbulbs.  There were not as many as he would have liked, but enough to sprinkle their broken glass at the thresholds of all the downstairs doors, including the grim entryway to 221C. Anyone stepping on it would give themselves away as the fragments shattered underfoot, and the splinters would be almost invisible in the dark.
Weaver looked pained, her short dark hair frizzing thanks to the drizzle that fell outside. ‘Nothing’s missing. It’s not insurance fraud, because otherwise the owner would be claiming stuff’s missing.’
Still, things were better than they had been, back at the beginning. Once, he’d raised every hackle she had, setting her snarling and swearing. He delighted in making her feel small and stupid. Maybe she had been, back then. He was still odd, but the days of spitting “freak” were long past. They’d never be best mates or anything, but… well, she cared a bit, these days.
'I bet I could take a good guess.' Greg shook his head, his laughter chasing them down the road as they trotted the short distance back to Baker Street. 'Come on. You're nearly home. I can see your front door.' He glanced back along the road, looking out for a cab to take him back to his dingy little flat. 'I’d better head off, too. Thanks for the beers, John.'
The front door closed behind him, the knocker rattling its farewell. Sherlock cocked his head, waiting for the tell-tale purr of a car’s engine at the kerb. No doubt one of Mycroft’s minions was at the wheel, ready to squirrel him away back into the echelons of government.
that, but for now, just for a little while, it was real enough for him.
He was listening, rather than speaking, but the frown on his face was all John needed to realise the likely caller. Mycroft. It had to be. Sherlock never looked quite so annoyed with anyone else.
'I'll use the crutches.'
For once, Sherlock did as he was asked without argument, shrugging into the protective gear and fastening it. Its weight was an extra burden, but he knew all too well that it could save his life. Part of him was tempted to offer it to John instead and bundle him up in its protection, but the commander was correct in her assessment. Of the three of them, he was the most tempting target. He needed all the help he could get.
Immediately, thoughts of Mycroft's team and the explosives that had ended their lives darted through John's mind, and he raised his gun again, picking his feet up with each step in case of tripwires hidden in the twilight. Nothing blocked his path, and he inched closer, cocking his head and narrowing his eyes as he made sense of the shape that awaited him.
'I trust you.' Mycroft's smile was a touch sharp at its edges. His eyes held a familiar warning; one that Sherlock had seen ever since his youth and knew to heed. Mycroft's trust was not to be taken for granted. It could and would be broken by the wrong actions. Not that this would be one of those times. If not for John, perhaps he would have led Mycroft on a merry chase, but even now Mary's intelligence dossier was no joke. It was the last remnant of her plot, and one Sherlock was happy to be rid of.
Panic clawed at Sherlock's throat, and he swallowed it down like barbed wire. 'You eavesdropped? I thought that was one of those "bit not good" things?'
'I thought that Mary's secrets would die with her. That they'd follow her to the grave.' A sob hitched in his throat, and he swallowed hard. 'I thought it was over: all the stuff with AGRA.' Guilt rose around him, an inky tide that leached the heat from his skin and left him shuddering in its wake. 'I was relieved that part of her was gone.'
‘To the highest bidder, I imagine. Thing is, that kind of thing is hard to keep quiet. I suspect the real owner of the drugs figured it out and came to get what he was owed.’
A muffled, grumpy noise escaped Sherlock’s lips, and he lifted his head, squinting in John's direction with bleary eyes. It took no more than a moment for that mighty brain of his to get back up to speed. John watched, weary but fascinated, as awareness flared in Sherlock's gaze.
Nearby, Rosie gurgled, oblivious to her father's distress. Sherlock saw John blink at her uncomprehendingly, as if he could no longer fathom the pieces of his life. Pursing his lips, Sherlock caught sight of a faux fur throw over the back of one of the sofas. It was glossy, hardly ever used, and with a quick shake he pitched the heavy fabric around John's shoulders.
Molly reached behind her, pushing open the door and shaking her head, bidding Sherlock a quiet goodbye. She slipped back into the house, leaving him standing on the pavement, tight-lipped and pale.
By the time they swept into the morgue, his resolve had set firm. Molly's greeting was quiet but genuine, and she gestured to the box of gloves before leading them in to see Millie. 'I've not started yet,' she explained, folding back the sheet to reveal the young face. 'I was just about to when I got your text.'
The quick rattle of the machine gun shattered the air, audible even over the din of the helicopter and through Sherlock's ear defenders. The smoke thickened, smearing the landscape with grey haze as it caught and pitched in tendrils around the moving rotors. Within it he could see the occasional flitting shape and the looming silhouettes of the buildings, but he could make out neither friend nor foe.
Tiles clattered beneath his feet, their brittle protests loud in his ears, but Sherlock did not falter in his stride. Perhaps this was a mere practice run, a way to familiarise himself with a new stretch of rooftop, but slowing down was unthinkable.
Slowly, he bent his head, closing the narrow distance between them. John's indrawn breath hushed like tearing silk. He kept waiting for him to pull away, but he never did. Instead, his fingers tightened in Sherlock's dressing gown, bunching in the slippery fabric as if he were afraid Sherlock would evaporate like so much mist.
'Sherlock?' The DI's voice sounded rough at its edges, as if he'd not yet had the chance to grab a mug of that awful coffee he liked. 'What is it? Is everything okay?'
'What's this for?'
Sherlock watched John hunker down behind the thick workbench, noting the unfocussed nature of his gaze and the tightness of his fingers around the grip of the Sig. At first glance he looked distracted, lost in his tumultuous thoughts, but Sherlock knew him better than that. John's eyes were only glazed because he was discerning what he could from his other senses, listening for clues that might give away an attacker's approach.
A logical, doctorly voice may still be whispering in his mind about Sherlock keeping his distance, but John could not bring himself to protest. Some small part of him needed Sherlock here, within easy reach, and he could not deprive himself of his friend's company when everything else felt so bloody wretched.
Sherlock's breath escaped him in a shuddering rush. His emotions roiled, flashing hot and cold. He had known, when Molly handed him the letter, that John would not hold back. As a man he was often a taut wire waiting to snap. On the page, with no repercussions, his blame made itself apparent. There was no nuance, no room for misunderstanding. Sherlock was no longer welcome in his life, and never would be again.
Not on the bullet or Mary's clothes, but on the ground.
‘You what?’ Anderson asked, gesturing to the shattered packaging. ‘What else is it going to be?’
On the one hand, Mary's role beyond AGRA should not be surprising. She had proven herself a woman of extraordinary means and intelligence. However, Sherlock had not built a marriage based on her promises. He did not have to look back over the past eighteen months and question every aspect of his relationship with her. John, on the other hand, appeared half-devastated by the revelation and half-resigned to its inevitability, as if he had hoped for better but not truly expected it.
He half fell into the back of a waiting van, groping for the seat. It was set up like an army transport, with two benches facing each other across the vehicle's width. This one, however, had bits of medical equipment strapped to the walls, and John grimaced as a fresh-faced young man stepped forward, hunkering down in front of him and flashing a pen light in his eyes.
'I'll let you know. Keep me updated, yeah? And don't do anything stupid.' The last was said with a grudging smile in his voice, as if he realised that the urging was a pointless one. Greg knew as well as anyone that, when it came to keeping Sherlock safe, John would do whatever was necessary.
'Why?'
'Better than yours.' Sherlock sniffed, pretending offense and enjoying the warmth that curled in his gut when John gave a tiny, genuine smile in response. 'The people watching you speak Greek among themselves and use it in their documentation, suggesting either that it is their first language, or the one they all share with relative ease. The documents are not, as I initially assumed, about you and Rosie. Not beyond the basics. Even Mary is not discussed in great detail, as far as I can make out.'
'They won't give her much longer to come up with what they want. Not now we're back in town.' John chewed on some chicken, turning it all over in his mind. 'She didn't find anything on your laptop, did she?'
He shrugged. ‘I know. It’s just… Nutmeg? You can buy it in Tesco, for fuck’s sake. He tipped an entire jar into boiling water and drank it. Two days ago.’
Reaching for his laptop, he opened up the email with the log-in details to a private server. He could download the uncovered files and then blitz it in his wake, leaving no easy trail to be followed. His hacker would also be taking every available precaution, from burner emails to who knew what else.
'Hey.' John reached out to Phil as he passed nearby. 'Sorry to bother you again, but who's that?' He gestured to the boy, watching the play of emotions across Phil's face: resignation, frustration and a bitter kind of disappointment.
Sherlock made a tight sound of aggravation as the screen went dark, his body swaying with restless energy. His nostrils flared as he sighed before doing something complicated on the laptop. 'I daren't send it by email; it's too vulnerable,' he explained, his fingers dancing over the keys. 'This way Mycroft has ten minutes to pick it up, only he has the credentials, and the files will be destroyed once he has a copy.'
He listened to the sound of John trotting down the stairs as he set about purchasing necessities. Most baby-proofing had been irrelevant before: as a new-born, Rosie had no choice but to stay where she was put. Now, she was gaining her mobility, and that meant she was free to satisfy her curiosity in a flat full of potential hazards.
'It's rather a generic virus, really. Well, type of virus, anyway.' John wrinkled his nose. Covid-19 may be novel to humanity, but there were plenty of others in the coronavirus family that had plagued people for centuries.
'And if they don't? If they just keep shadowing us, like before?'
'Yeah, while it lasts. I'll call if any "brilliant" cases come up before then.'
The door opened, the well-oiled hinges offering no protest, and his patient walked into the room.
Yet this, in many ways, could be enough. Whether John believed it or not, Sherlock considered it his greatest privilege to be here to offer him comfort and assistance. Solving crimes for strangers held little reward beyond basic accolades, but to help John in whatever way he could? That mattered more than Sherlock could put into words.
Sherlock huffed, but John thought he saw his cheek swell with a hint of a smile: relief, perhaps, that John was talking at all, even if they were just sniping with one another over medical treatment.
He needn't have bothered, because she read it from him anyway: the full truth that lay amidst the hasty construct of almost-lies.
'Remembering?'
John blinked but held his silence, saying not a word as Sherlock liberated his Belstaff from John's grip and ushered him out of the door. Only when they were a safe distance away did he take a breath, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. 'You know her?'
'Yes.' Sherlock turned where he sat as he set the photos aside. It seemed his answer had surprised John: perhaps he was expecting Sherlock to prevaricate and state issues with the lacking evidence. Maybe, in another situation, that's precisely what he would have done, but there was something in John's voice, an undercurrent begging for reassurance and validation.
'And is there anyone to keep an eye on you? I know Sherlock can get... distracted.'
'On your front?' Sherlock asked, his voice thin and faint, like it took all his brainpower just to string the words together.
If indeed it was the truth.
'She told me nothing.' John shrugged, not lifting his eyes from their downcast angle. 'I mean it; even when I thought it was all out in the open, she never shared any details. It went against her – her training, I suppose. Looking back, I wonder if she was trying to protect me from something just like this.'
Yet at the same time, there was more to it than that: not just a fleeting feeling of potential. Beneath was something steadfast and strong: an unshakable foundation, and Sherlock's heart fluttered, buffeted by the sensation. Prickling shivers raced over his skin, and he barely dared to breathe as John stopped in front of him, lifting his head and wetting his lips.
Normally, he did not bother himself with such things. His body was transport, and his comfort irrelevant. Except, well, it was not just his comfort at stake any more.
'A short burst, Doctor Watson, as targeted as you can manage,' the commander ordered. 'The mount will control the kickback, but it will still be a challenge if you're used to handguns. At least make him rethink his shooting spot.'
'Come on, then.' Sherlock stepped forward, stooping to loop John's arm around his shoulder before cradling the line of his waist – more slender than it had been a week ago – in his lopsided embrace. He didn't give John a chance to argue, nor did he allow himself a moment to question whether this was too much, too intimate. Helping one another in the first flush of injury came all too easily, and though illness occupied a different arena, the same requirements lay at the core of the situation.
'Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown, she said,' John remembered. 'Looks like she knows what she’s talking about.' He frowned as a memory bubbled to the surface. 'Seemed to think you'd have personal experience too.'
The light trailed across pale skin like a lover, kissing the same flesh John had worshipped mere hours ago. Here and there, shadows nestled like pools, lingering in the hollow of Sherlock’s back and seeking refuge in the crumpled lines of the sheet that twisted around his legs.
'She's wrong.' John closed his eyes, his shoulders relaxing. Sherlock could sense him smoothing away his internal tension through force of will alone. 'She thinks that treason will be my breaking point. She honestly believes I'm so "Queen and Country" that it's the only thing that matters to me. The truth is, I don't give as much of a shit about that as I should. She knocked the foundations out from our relationship when she shot you, and she forced the cracks in it wide open when she put our daughter in danger. There's no going back after that.'
The worst part? He wasn't even fucking surprised. Furious? Yeah. Hurt? Definitely. But when it came down to it, he could more readily believe that Mary had staged her own death and left him to deal with the fallout than the alternative.
‘Your wife has rights, but so do you. Use them.’ Sherlock took back his coffee from Lestrade’s unresisting grip and turned away, but not before noticing the smile beginning to spread on Lestrade’s face, as wide as any of the grinning gourds.
Sherlock let out a breath, pursing his lips at his own grim satisfaction. He did not dare look too closely at the sentiment. On the surface, it simply made the situation easier. John would always carry some connection to Mary, but if she was a matter of his past rather than his present, it at least brought them both some clarity of purpose.
'With one notable exception.' Sherlock's memory skipped back to her unwillingness to mention her treason outright, but that was before she knew that her list had been leaked. Would she now realise the truth: that John recognised the depths of her crimes? Or did she still cling to the hope that this was one facet of her actions to which he remained oblivious? The answer to that would moderate her behaviour, pushing her over the precipice of desperation or holding her back from its edge. This – the uncertainty over which way she would fall – was almost unbearable.
Air flooded his lungs, making him cough and heave as he scrabbled fitfully, trying to anchor himself in reality. His fists clenched in the cotton bedsheets. The oppressive weight of the quilt pinned him down, holding him captive.
Evenings like this were rare, these days. Normally, he and Sherlock had some kind of case going on. John blamed the weather. It was too cold to bother with any kind of crime. Everyone was clenching their teeth and keeping their heads down, waiting for the cold to pass. Even Sherlock seemed content to remain indoors.
Sherlock pulled into the far end of one of the great, sprawling car parks, ensuring their vehicle was sheltered so John could retrieve what he needed from the boot. It only took a moment, and John checked around, making sure no one was watching and no CCTV cameras were angled in his direction before loading the Sig and slipping it in his waistband.
'I know.' A subtle hitch in Sherlock's voice caught John's ear, and he turned his face into Sherlock's palm. 'I know. I'm here now.'
'Indeed, but we will force them to work for it,' Mycroft decided. 'Be prepared, Sherlock. I believe the stalemate is well and truly over.'
'And if I don't?'
'I cannot be sure. Mary's actions with the explosives in the deposit boxes changes the pattern of her behaviour. Assassins are, by their nature, averse to mass casualties or any method that may catch innocent bystanders in its area of effect. The trap Mycroft and his people triggered demonstrates that she has escalated.
Getting the door open, John tumbled into the flat, shutting out the world and throwing his coat towards the hooks before trotting upstairs. The lights were still on, but the empty kitchen was about as neat as it ever got. The microscope had been pushed to one side and the slides stacked. The bin, which had been overflowing, sat empty, and the clutter that made their flat so homely had a distinctly organised look about it.
John rubbed a hand over his eyes, wondering what it was about training sessions that felt so… off. They were other spaces, where everything else was on hold. They all had the same, half-grey feeling to the air, as if sheer boredom desaturated everything. His eyelids felt heavy and they hadn’t even started, for God’s sake.
He sighed, his thoughts whirling as some of the disparate pieces fell into place. 'Remember those three phases I mentioned earlier? Ditch Norbury and escape Harmattan? You succeeded, at least partially, and that allowed you to enter the third stage. It was not, as you so passionately declared, to protect your family from any repercussions. They were a connection that had to be severed in order to remove yourself from Harmattan's view. Nothing more. Anything you may have told yourself otherwise was a lie. You got out, and suddenly a world of possibility lay open before you. A world in which you could reclaim the life you'd given up.'
‘Come on.’ John smacked his knee, not too hard, but hard enough to get his attention. ‘Drink that, take off your poncey robe and get your coat.’
'Once you are successful, rendezvous here.' Mycroft tapped a point on the map. 'Someone from my team will be there to pick you both up and get you to safety.'
'But they'll need him alive. If they think he's got the file, then killing him will destroy their chances of recovering it,' John pointed out. 'For Mary, he's a valuable hostage, and if the splinter group go for her, she can manipulate them by threatening Sherlock's safety.'
Sherlock paused by his armchair, staring at the smooth leather as he ran a hand over his mouth. His heart lurched high in his throat, its beat a frantic mess as he considered the possibilities.
Only the streetlights outside illuminated the vague bulk of the furniture. John gave his eyes a moment to adjust, breathing in the steady, balanced way that allowed him to tame the adrenaline thudding through his body.
Yet when he looked again, the impression lingered. There was nothing obvious, no definitive view of her, but he still struggled to see anyone other than Mary in the woman's face. The hair might be the wrong colour, and he had never known Mary to wear a lipstick in that shade, but it wasn't enough to shake off the creeping sense of recognition that filled his veins with ice. He didn't believe in ghosts; never had and never would. So where did that leave him?
‘He was carrying a box when he began to collapse. I suspect some form of respiratory inhibition. He found himself unable to breathe, dropped what he was carrying, reached out so support himself and stumbled into the shelving.’ Sherlock reached out, giving it a gentle poke to demonstrate. ‘Unstable to begin with, it jostled under his weight, dropping bottles from the top shelf. Hence the spatter.’
Well, John wasn't going to say no to that. There were leftovers in the fridge at home, but nothing beat a good, hot korma after a night in the pub; not in his opinion. Quickly, he dug in his pocket for his phone, checking there were no texts from Sherlock to hurry him back to Baker Street.
'Undoubtedly. All my current theories suggest our absence from London somehow worked in Mary's favour. We were an aspect she did not have to control, one way or another. Our return might drive her to make an effort to manipulate us.' Sherlock shrugged, shaking his head. 'Of course, it's only a hypothesis. A disadvantage of leaving Baker Street is that the removal has rendered me unable to deduce potential outcomes in a timely manner. Most information I have received has been displaced from context.'
'Sherlock?'
Long fingers dragged at John’s clothes, tugging at fabric and plucking at buttons, seeking his prize. A moment later he found it, blanking John’s vision to white as that grasp wrapped confidently around his thick erection.
Acknowledging the attraction between them had been a risk. John could not pretend he had been in a good place, mentally, after he had shot Mary. Yet, looking back, he could see that Sherlock's quiet, unflinching devotion was precisely what he needed to get him through those first few weeks.
'John?'
Mary.
In the distance, the sound of an ambulance breached London’s throng. Donovan’s relief was a palpable thing, and he gently replaced her hand with his own, pressing the makeshift bandage – her scarf, silk, cheap but much-loved, now ruined – to the thudding, oozing wound on his head.
'I am not the only one who is supposed to be resting,' Sherlock pointed out, casting a meaningful look at the bruise on John's temple.
'Sarah suggested I try and tempt you,' Sherlock explained. His gaze shot up, and there was a shared moment of
John huffed, but he didn't turn down the invitation. He should have known Sherlock would get annoyed with the persistent interruption of his hunger before long. 'Thanks. You want anything?'
'Sherlock.'
'Her face. Her smile. This is not simply the expression of a woman realising she is being photographed. There's true recognition, but neither concern nor alarm. She knows the person holding the camera and does not perceive them as a threat. If anything, she is confident that she is the more dangerous of the two and that she has the upper hand.' Sherlock tilted the glossy paper to the light, allowing the reflection to play across the lustrous surface before he set it to one side.
