Sherlock forced his breathing to even out and willed his heart to resume its ordinary systole and diastole. At least John hadn't been attacked, though –
The kids paused their game and hugged him effusively. Greg kissed the tops of their heads, savouring it; soon enough, he reflected, they’d both be too tall for that. “’Bye, Dad,” Scarlett said, wrinkling her nose at him. “Happy Christmas.” She had some shimmery stuff on her cheeks and nose and above the Cupid’s bow of her mouth. Looked a bit odd, but she’d said it was all the rage on Instagram. Well, she hadn’t said ‘all the rage’ – she’d said ‘lit.’ Sometimes Greg felt very, very old.
"Yes." Sherlock leapt up, more nimbly than yesterday as he'd bandaged his knee according to John's instructions, and went to the door. John was in a plaid shirt and jeans, and the smart wool coat. He'd hurried through his shaving – small dot of shaving cream near his ear – and smelled of the hotel's shampoo. "Afternoon, John. Feeling better?"
Benedict's heart was soft enough to hurt a little at the sight of anyone crying, but he held his ground; Sherlock had, after all, and he'd nurtured a weird little thing for Irene Adler. "It's not that I mind the admiration, you understand. It's just that I'm not really in need of more." Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John bite back a smile.
"Well, I did a bit of digging. He was an early adopter in Dedalus Communications – got in on the ground floor as an investor and it paid off handsomely. Not that he had much to worry about, considering the family coffers. He wasn't short on walking-around money. So it stands to reason that he was there." They came to a set of lift doors, and Sherlock pressed the button.
For an answer, Sherlock pulled John down beside him. Tentatively, he snaked an arm around John's waist. John nestled close, and Sherlock breathed easily and slept.
"Ms Adler paid rather dearly for that little stunt of yours. Too bad, really. I thought the two of you would get along like a house on fire."
"Well, let's see." He put Sherlock through the vitals ritual once more, then nodded in satisfaction.  "Well, that eye's getting better bit by bit and your vitals are fine, so I think it would be okay to let you sleep 'til morning – say seven o'clock."
occasional helplessness seemed to arouse John's more protective and affectionate instincts, though obviously Sherlock would have never mentioned that aloud.
“Mm. What was it about? Something naughty, I hope.” He slid his hand along her thigh, landing between her knees and slowly working his way up.
Unperturbed by the insult, John approached cautiously. Sherlock was a thoroughbred, inclined to bolt or bite. “You need me…on cases.”
"Right, right," Sherlock muttered, and waved the waiter down again. At least it wasn't Angelo – he'd toned down the boyfriend bit, but he was still a little too attentive for John's comfort. When the waiter approached, John ordered pasta primavera and Sherlock ordered chicken Marsala with extra vegetables. As they waited for their food, Sherlock fidgeted and checked his phone. Accustomed to Sherlock's silences, John was content to people-watch.
If it hadn't been for the easy chair directly behind him, Benedict might have gone arse over tit from the force of John's punch. Instead, he careened backward, hit the chair, and sat down with an ungraceful plop. Stunned, he touched his eye socket gingerly. "Jesus, John!"
He struggled to get Sherlock's coat off, then eased him onto the bed and rolled him onto his side, arranging his limbs in the recovery position. The open window delivered a chilly breeze into the room along with a bit of rain. That was all right. Fresh air, fresh air was good. John pulled Sherlock's eyes open; the whites were horribly red, but his pupils contracted satisfactorily. "Excellent," John muttered, and went to the bathroom to wash his hands and get a fresh flannel. He ran it under the tap, wrung it out slightly, and brought it back to the bed. Sherlock let out a wordless groan. "You'll be okay," John said, though he was certain Sherlock couldn't hear him. "I'm going to rinse your eyes just a bit." He bathed Sherlock's eyes, letting water from the cloth trickle into the corners, heartened when Sherlock's eyelids responded by screwing themselves shut instinctively.
Even if the ground had been soft enough to plant something, Sherlock wouldn't have bothered – plants required more maintenance than he was willing to undertake, and the only organisms he'd had complete success coaxing into growth were moulds and fungi. He laid the bouquet of roses between the two gravestones and stepped back, examining them.
It was true that Nora wasn't wild with joy about the move, but she hadn't kicked up a fuss either. She'd asked about a new school, and had received the news of a tutor silently. She hadn't mentioned the swimming at all, and John gathered that she wouldn't miss it. But if she did, there were certainly swim clubs in Barcelona – it was on the ocean after all, surely there was lots of swimming to be had.
Benedict rolled his eyes in genuine exasperation and leant against the mantel. "You won't be staying long enough for tea." He wouldn't sit; he wanted to maintain some logistical position of power, though Jim unfortunately didn't seem to care.
did. "I'm not hurt," he muttered, and pushed himself up. He balanced on his good leg and bounced up nimbly, then set half his weight on the bad leg and almost went down again. Sally Donovan caught his arm and, momentarily forgetting pride and dignity, Sherlock clung to her for support.
the reminder," Sherlock hissed, and saw the cabbie glance over his shoulder in puzzlement. He was about to apologise, but to hell with Cumberbatch's reputation. It could probably stand a little dirtying, since he was evidently the crown prince of understanding human emotion. Treating his flatmate like dirt
"Sentiment," Mycroft replied, his tone conveying his extreme distaste of the notion. Benedict opened his eyes and gazed intently at Mycroft. What if it was all a horrible joke, despite what he'd seen? The ultimate Sartrean prank? Mycroft delicately tilted his head to one side and continued to scrutinise Benedict. "As I said, I've been trying to reach you."
He cast his gaze frantically around the room, staring through the beams of light, and met John's eyes.
"Almost eight-thirty. I was going to go for a run. I know it's not your cup of tea, but I thought – never mind. Never mind, you need your rest. Look, I'm going to run, then I thought I'd pop home for my stuff and then come back here. If you don't want to go out this morning, I've got a couple of scripts to go over. I can hang here, no problem."
Benedict was off-script again, but he didn't care. If Sherlock really cared about John, he should have let him know somewhere, sometime. That was what friends did for each other. Fuck Sherlock and his deliberate obliviousness.
It's fabulous. Beyond fabulous. You've managed to make Sherlock Holmes sexy. Never thought I'd see the day, quite honestly. That is, nothing against Jeremy Brett or Basil Rathbone, but – mm. Certainly a welcome change of pace."
"See you soon, darling." Irene slid gracefully out of the car toward the porters waiting with her luggage, and disappeared.
Quickly, Tom rinsed, stepped out of the shower, and towelled off, dripping on the floor on the way to the bedroom.
Sherlock fitted his key in the lock. "I hope you're not planning to spend the night. The sofa's not terribly comfortable."
"I'm sorry, sir. It won't happen again." Coddington cringed, actually cringed. That was good. Sort of soothing, actually. He backed away as if Jim were the Queen of England.
Though he tried for an air of nonchalance, Sherlock couldn't quite keep his eyes off John, who'd elected to sit in the row opposite Sherlock since they had the plane practically to themselves. There was a woman with two Abyssinian cats (heavily medicated but still complaining mournfully at their plight) who'd spread the cages and her possessions across two rows and was now watching a television comedy with an annoying laugh track on her tablet – otherwise, the flight was empty. They hadn't, unfortunately, been able to secure seats with the charter firm; a two-aeroplane outfit, they'd informed Mycroft's assistants that they wouldn't be available for another two days, but the pilot would be happy to speak with Sherlock then. Hence, they'd been obliged to take a puddle-jumper commuter flight, which Sherlock suspected was Mycroft's revenge for showing him up in front of John.
"The equipment has been thoroughly vetted – well, inasmuch as it can be – but I saw no reason why our technicians should loiter on your doorstep when they could be using their time wisely." Mycroft sat in Sherlock's chair and crossed one leg over the other. One pale, well-tended hand caressed the smooth hook of his umbrella handle.
John stretched his legs and yawned. He set the magazine aside and drummed his fingers on the armrest, then stretched his neck, angling his head from side to side. He flexed his ankles, then massaged his left hand.
"Shut up." He opened the fridge, found bottles of water labelled Fiji, took two, opened one, and upended it over his head.
"Never mind, forget I asked," Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes. "It's always a crisis with you, and yet somehow the world keeps turning." He inspected the body on the floor again. Lady Howe was curled up as if she had died in terrible agony, and yet her face was serene. Sherlock dropped to the floor again. "Her makeup's worn off. I don't see evidence of dried sweat on her face, but it's on her body –" He nodded at the décolletage of her green dress, "and it's stained her dress." He looked closer. "Someone's wiped her makeup away. No…it was the maid, wasn't it? She massaged Lady Howe's face. Did the expression of pain upset her?" he inquired sardonically. It was possible. Most people thought death, even excruciating death, involved a gentle fluttering of the eyelids and a last sighing breath, which was rarely the case.
"Wondered how you knew what colour he used. Hey, thanks for making me pay for the taxi," John said, peering around Moran's elaborately appointed house.
John gazed at Sherlock intently. "Moriarty beat you half to death, Sherlock. The bastard was going to finish the job, him and his friend."
A strange, shivering laugh hopped out of his throat, and the driver glanced at him in the mirror. "All right, mate?"
"Of course, the Rembrandt is still missing," Mycroft said. "Fortunately, I'm giving you both the opportunity to rectify the error. You two are going back to the Moran house tomorrow – or later tonight, actually."
"Oh, for fuck's sake –" Benedict hurried to the other door and opened it to see two men, dressed in special-ops black and toting firearms. "Hi."
"That sounds lovely. Good night, Nora." He gave her a little wave and watched her retreat. "I should be off as well."
"What pretty hair you've got." Two years ago he might have touched it in casual appreciation; now he only smiled.
"Nope, got cancelled. They're doing something to the pool. Do you want me to take the phone to Mum?"
She shook her head. "It's all flea market shit. You can have it, though. Be my guest." She chuffed out a harsh laugh and coughed again.
Mary pulled out her phone and hovered her thumb over the dial. The lines of communication weren't entirely cut. Even during their worst fights, they'd extended each other a rudimentary courtesy, if only for Nora's sake. She changed her mind and sent a text instead.
"Untrue. I'm re-stringing my violin this afternoon. Totally absorbing. And then I might go to the park and feed the pigeons."
Scowling, he turned over a leaf in his notebook and examined the feverishly scribbled notes he'd made a few nights ago.
"Yeah, yeah. So…what about Moriarty? You think Mycroft's going to get him to confess to that murder?"
"Well, well, well. If it isn't Mikey Holmes." Behind an expanse of thick Plexiglas, James Moriarty lounged negligently on his cot, swinging his leg back and forth, back and forth. His voice issued through a speaker set into the wall. "Nice of you to come and see me. I've been sort of lonely."
"Yeah, lovely. We had lunch, walked a lot, stuck our feet in the water." John thumped into his chair and regarded Sherlock curiously. He looked a bit frazzled. "Er…did you talk to Mycroft?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. I just thought – never mind. Nora should be down in a bit. She was really excited that you were coming. Her birthday's in a few weeks and she hasn't so much as mentioned that, but your visit was a state occasion."
Was this a long-established tradition of payment? Sorting Mycroft's ties or maybe some childish retribution? He couldn't really see Mycroft sitting on Sherlock and dangling spit over his face, or giving him one of those nasty arm-burns. "Why don't you say it?"
"I reckon why take chances?" Moriarty asked with a shrug. "This is a private chat – you, me, and Johnny here. Well, you and me. I don't think I'll take the tape off his mouth. It's not like he ever has anything interesting to say anyhow."
Mary shook her head. "I don't know. But he said it would be worth my while to attend. Trish wanted me to, and I think there's going to be some informal reading of the will later in the week, and she wanted me there as well. Apparently she…she called me night before last, but I missed the call. I was planning to ring her back when I got home from Paris, but…." She lifted one shoulder in a shrug, but her eyes shone too brightly. "
He shivered. He hadn't brought himself off – it always took him a while if he was masturbating, and that hadn't been nearly long enough – but that didn't matter either. He freed his hand and rose shakily to his feet, coming almost nose to nose with a panting, red-faced Gatiss.
"Sherlock, Mycroft is not fat. I've known him for thirteen-odd years, and he's never been fat in all that time."
Oh, God, Benedict wished he could wrap his hands round Moriarty's slender neck and squeeze until his tongue and eyes bulged. But with those restless red sight points…he couldn't, no matter how much he longed to do it. Desperately, he tried to parry. "Don't you know?"
"Whoa, hey!" John caught Sherlock's arm and steered him toward his bedroom. "You're not going anywhere for at least a week. You heard the doctor – rest and quiet. You're lucky there wasn't a brain bleed – you're not even supposed to be reading. I think you should see about getting some sort of security system for the house, though. That's twice that guy's broken in."
"IDs, please, gentlemen," the guard said politely. John and Sherlock handed over their identification, and the guard waved them through the metal detector. "It's lower level, Laboratory 3B, Mr Holmes."
"It wouldn't have worked," Benedict said, and leant close to whisper into her ear. "I prefer to be the dominant one."
"Shut up," Sherlock said, swatting John on the arm. "As I was saying, I'm no expert, but the notion of one lid for every pot or whatever that stupid saying is seems ridiculous to me. Mrs Hudson used to jabber on about that from time to time, and it was rubbish then and it's rubbish now. Clearly a great many people are capable of loving more than one person – sometimes one at a time, sometimes more. It's nothing to feel guilty about."
Relief made him weak. "No, it's okay. Probably better in the long run. I'd hate to…inconvenience you or get in the way. And you're right, Nora shouldn't miss school. I doubt she'd want to, anyway, no matter how glamorous St. Louis might be."
, I fucking appreciate it. You're a gem, Mycroft. Don't ever change. How do you expect to get him back if he's a whole…universe away? And how do you even know he won't – oh. He has?"
An unknown number. Mycroft frowned. Probably a mistake, some drunken twit. He blocked the number and set the phone down. Sipping at his drink (a 35 year Glengoyne single malt, a gift from Mr Trudeau who knew better than to send blended Canadian swill), he gazed into the fire and listened to the heartbreaking beauty of the countertenor singing Handel’s opus.
A strange, tiny thorn of disappointment insinuated its way into Sherlock's belly. Well, why in God's name should he be disappointed? Sherlock wasn't in the least like Benedict Cumberbatch.
"Not a problem," Roche said cheerfully. "We'll arrange for you to rest here for a few hours. Okay, your prescription's set up, and Marcy at the front desk will get you sorted with an injection date." She put her hand out. "It was very nice to meet you, Mr Holmes. It's not often I get to treat a celebrity. Please don't let the fact that you've got an injury bother you – it's mostly ordinary wear and tear, and a perfectly normal part of the ageing process."
Sherlock scrolled through the other texts, gathering snatches of information here and there, but nothing useful yet. He had to be patient. Everything would work out eventually.
Mycroft poured out, handed round tea and cakes, and withdrew a file from his briefcase. He glanced at the equerry.
Cases were hit-and-miss at the best of times at Christmas anyhow; his recent inertia shouldn’t have come as a surprise. There was the Epping dismemberment, but without John to assist the whole matter seemed unutterably dreary. He’d tackle it in the new year, perhaps. If some limbs turned up in the interim, possibly he’d drag himself to Epping Forest and have a poke around.
Sherlock's room was dark and pleasantly cool, but Benedict's hunger was so intense it drove him out of bed. He went to Sherlock's closet and found a dressing gown, deep merlot silk, shrugged into it, and made his way into the kitchen. When was the last time he'd eaten? John's lovely breakfast, that was it.
nicer here than our other digs, isn't it, John? I think we'd rather stay here tonight, Mycroft. Also, my phone is on the blink. I need a new one."
"Hold on," the second doctor said (juggling two lovers, one male, one female, recently engaged in threesome and is afraid – reddened eyes, evidence of recent and repeated dihydrocodeinone use – that the other two are beginning to be attracted to each other, leaving her out in the cold – unlikely, judging from imperfectly covered beard-burn and tawdry suck mark by female with small bite). "You seem all right, but we've still got some tests to run. Any neuropathy – loss of feeling – in your hands or feet?"
There was a moment of agonising silence, and then, a familiar voice, with a mocking intonation like Boris Karloff's. "Come in, Johnny boy."
Permission granted, he said, or something like it. He scrawled his signature on a form one of the doctors proffered.
The people carrier slowed, rolled to a stop, and the side door opened. The guards beckoned John out, and he stepped out of the van onto uneven cobble. It was dark, but he smelled the fragrance of grass and water and something sweet like honeysuckle. "Where are we?"
"He's…he's really fond of you, you know." Cumberbatch cleared his throat a little. "I thought all those fan fiction writers were projecting….it's built into the show, I know that, but it surprised me."
He turned on his heel and picked his way through the wet grass toward the brick path, back to London.
"Will do. Thanks." John beamed at her, but she'd already gone back to her phone. Funny; he'd become almost invisible at some point. He'd noticed it in the past year or so – women never gave him a second glance, or almost never. Probably Sherlock still drew attention – he was still glamorous, with the coat and hair and all.
Violet sniffed. “You would think Mycroft would do something about this absurd scrutiny. Ridiculous. I’m going to have a word with him about it. And about making her room a bit nicer. All that grey and hard angles can’t be good for the psyche.”
They didn't speak much as they ate, and Mycroft appeared to ignore Benedict in favour of his food. Maybe that was a carry-over from childhood. In any case, it failed to provide Benedict with added comfort; a silent Mycroft, bolt-upright in his chair and eating methodically, was almost as scary as a verbal Mycroft.
Tom turned to Sherlock, then took a tentative step forward. His nostrils quivered a bit, and as if by some instinct, he glanced at the toilet stall, then back at Sherlock.
"He seems to have done well nonetheless," Sherlock said, craning his neck exaggeratedly toward the roof. "Lovely house, rich friends, a thriving consultancy outfit, a little shady art dealing on the side."
Funny thing, fragrance:  for most people, it was far too entwined with memory and emotion to be truly useful, bypassing rationality and practical cognition and slipping into neural hardwiring where deep memory slumbered. Dogs, who generally existed in the moment and whose sense of smell was easily exploited (if their grasp of scent was tied to emotion, they weren't letting on, and humans certainly hadn't yet sorted it out), were generally trusted with scent identification, but people, with their volatile and unpredictable emotional behaviour, explicitly weren't. Sherlock, naturally, wasn't susceptible to the same sort of random, flailing free association. Usually.
"Shut your fucking mouth, Tom." Henry knelt beside Tom and pushed him onto his stomach. He grabbed Tom's arms, pulled his wrists together, and wound the rope round them, then tied them off in the middle.
She held up a stack of post in one scarlet-tipped hand. "Busy looking after your affairs, that's why.  Here – random sample. Shall I hold on to the rest? Doesn't look as though you can carry all of it."
Benedict got shakily to his feet. "I know. It was…it was lovely, John. That's why I had to stop, to tell you –"
Another few musicians would have helped, but lacking them, Sherlock closed his eyes and hummed the bright opening guitar notes,
"Easy enough," Sherlock said. "Someone got wind of it, probably via Mr Reilly's boasting. He was notoriously prolix and indiscreet when it came to his business. Amazing that he didn't end up in the boot of a car with a bullet through his head. Someone saw the book, did his or her homework, and Mr Reilly and Ms Tresler wound up as temporary curators of a large cache of stolen art. Were you well-acquainted with Lady Meredith Howe, Ms Tresler?"
Distantly, Sherlock realised Tom was weeping, though why was anybody's guess. He brought a hand up and stroked Tom's hair. "It's all right," he murmured sleepily. "It's okay." His chest ached and he couldn't think why. The touching and embracing upset him, and yet he didn't want it to stop. Tom's body shook next to his, and gradually Sherlock understood that it wasn't necessarily the apology that was the source of Tom's emotions. "You're safe now. You're safe." He rolled on his side and embraced Tom. Tom clung to him tightly.
much time. Unless he wants to meet in the loo. I'm okay with that." He made as if to walk toward the bathroom.
Truth was, he didn't want to stay here, not at all. He wanted his London, its teeming underbelly. He wanted to remain unbothered by show-business people and reporters and assistants and fans, and he wanted his un-luxurious, cluttered, comfortable flat. He wanted Lestrade and Donovan and even Anderson. And most of all –
Jim blew out a breath and waved a hand. He was close to melting down, and he wanted to save his energy. "Never mind. Just take your places and wait for my signal."
Sherlock snorted. "Nothing could be further from the truth." He saw John's smile grow strained and hurried to change the subject. "You know you don't have to go to Lestrade and Molly's for dinner. I mightn't. I'm not certain that I can bear two hours of the pair of them cooing and allogrooming. Puts me right off my food."
Sneering about Jim Moriarty's endgame was all well and good when he wasn't actually at his mercy. He'd fucked up spectacularly. Again. "Wh-what?"
"Oh, right." The nurse smiled a bit nervously. Already called the papers, likely, promised them some sort of exclusive. "About that picture – do you mind?"
Her smile dimmed a bit. "Yes, I've seen them. Wonderful collection." She guided Sherlock to the door. "This way. I'll see you in a few weeks, Mr Holmes."
"Huh," John said. "Anyway, Irene Adler's not my type." John looked at the woman with the scuffed shoes. She was leaning toward the man across from her; her hair was dangerously close to the candle on the table. "You seemed like hers, though." God, that sounded snippy. Granted they weren't ordinary flatmates – at least Sherlock wasn't – but flatmates would rib each other, do the whole nudge-nudge-wink-wink-say-no-more thing. They wouldn't sound like jealous lovers.
"Oh, Jesus," Tom moaned, recognising the voice. "Henry. Henry!" There was no answer, but Tom heard cupboards yanked open and slammed closed, and solid, angry footfalls, and a counterpoint of low, furious muttering. "Henry!
The tread of footsteps sounded again – across the carpet, into the corridor, up the stone staircase. Lug soles, reasonably heavy. Balanced steps, quick up the stairs, probably about thirteen stone, give or take. Familiar with layout of the house –
Poor Ben. He'd be okay, almost certainly; he just needed some quality sleep and food. A few days together with no responsibilities was an unexpected luxury, and Tom planned to cherish the hell out of it. He loved being at home with Benedict, at either of their places, though the near covert-operation air of arriving and leaving was a little wearisome, as was their careful spacing of places they could reasonably be seen in public together.
So many thanks are due, as ever, to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for their eagle-eyed and patient beta and britpicking. <3
Mary gasped. "Stephanotis! Gosh, masses of them! Sherlock, you are naughty. Thank you so much." She took the flowers from John and buried her nose in them as John had done. "Mmm. Isn't that gorgeous? I'll go find something for them. Would you like a drink, Sherlock?"
Benedict looked John full in the face and was startled at the expression in John's eyes, and it was that – not the street below 221B, not the mobile, not the running water, not the ambulance trip nor the scary look in Mycroft's eyes – that convinced him. This wasn't Martin Freeman. Martin was a great actor, the best, but there was something different about this man's eyes. And he really
"Maybe I'll get you a big bottle for your birthday." John sat at the table with his own eggs and coffee.
Though it was satisfying, in a sense, to receive confirmation of his suspicions, Sherlock was heartsick nonetheless. If only Mary had told him the truth the night they'd spoken. If only she'd trusted him. If only John had really listened to him – together, they could have helped her, protected Nora, for there was little doubt that Moriarty had threatened the child, and John as well – nothing was beneath him. If only he'd kept his mouth shut and sorted matters out before blundering ahead and assuming John would be willing to both listen and deal with the problem of Mary's return to her former profession. If only, if bloody only. "So what was it that Lady Howe did that merited a murder?"
Christ, what was he doing here? If he went inside, he wouldn't find Lestrade, nor Donovan, nor even Anderson, not even wayward members of his homeless network, only police officers and detectives who would recognise him not as Sherlock Holmes, but as Benedict Cumberbatch who played at being Sherlock Holmes. A façade of himself, an actor alone on a grand-scale stage looking beyond the footlights for shreds of familiarity and comfort.
John shook his head. Sherlock was right. He'd known it all along, and he'd told himself lie upon lie because Nora had accommodated his every wish, and he'd used that in his grief and pain, and he'd tried to assuage hers, but Christ, he hadn't done a very good job, had he? In fact, he'd been piss-poor at it. "I…I can't even fucking look at her, Sherlock, I see Mary, and I feel like I've failed her in a million ways. I feel like leaving's the only way to start fresh." Tears choked him, and he dashed at his eyes.
. Sherlock had considered it when he'd first learnt her true identity, of course, but it was only the thinnest shred of possibility. Magnussen could have placed her, hoping to get to Mycroft through John somehow, counting on old loyalties, but that didn't fit Magnussen's modus operandi. He'd rarely orchestrated, preferring to gently shake his loathsome tree of blackmail and threats and let the ripest fruit fall into his hand. Still, it
John chose his words carefully. "Sherlock seems to have…erm, gone astray." Aware he had Mycroft's attention at last, he inclined his head toward Nora. "Is there somewhere that Nora can sit quietly while you and I have a chat?"
"Oh, he's fine. At least, I think he's fine. He was fine when I last saw him, anyhow. Of course, he'd been taken prisoner by Moriarty, and John –"
Sherlock watched him for a few moments, then slipped Cumberbatch's phone from his pocket. Time to do a little research. He found some earbuds, popped them in, and started browsing the web. Data, data, data.
Moriarty smiled, glancing down modestly. "In every store. Enough to take out half a kilometre in all directions."
"No. And the photos…." He opened the photos:  one of two men holding down a clearly straining third whose face was covered with a dark cloth – but the clothed figure and hands were easily identifiable. There was no question as to the man's identity. The second was appallingly clear:  Sherlock, naked, restrained, and beaten, his body covered in angry red stripes.
"It wasn't locked," she said indifferently. "I was here, on the sofa, and a man and a woman came in."
Sherlock got to his feet, finished his drink, and set the glass on the mantel. "I heard you, but astonishingly I don't understand what the hell you're talking about, possibly because you're babbling. What on earth gave you that idea?"
Sherlock whistled idly and gazed round. Ah, there was the camera, set deep into the entablature. He wondered if Moran was watching him; just in case, he offered the lens an inane grin and noted the cars. Moran was decidedly at home – there was his Mercedes parked at the kerb. No other obvious surveillance; he'd led a quiet, uneventful life since his release from prison, except for the surreptitious art purchases.
'I did mean to, but I have had to change my mind. I may be away for a good while; but I'll come and see you again, as soon as I can. Expect me when you see me! I shall slip in quietly. I shan't often be visiting the Shire openly again. I find that I have become rather unpopular. They say I am a nuisance and a disturber of the peace. Some people are actually accusing me of spiriting Bilbo away, or worse. If you want to know, there is supposed to be a plot between you and me to get hold of his wealth.'"
"True. Why don't I tell you what this is all about, then I can go grab some fish and chips." The sooner he was out of here, the better.
Well, he'd come all this way and he didn't want to just pitch the thing out. It had probably cost a fortune. He pushed the door open and went inside, up the stairs, and into the flat.
accept it. It was too mad. Suddenly he wished he'd taken the time, when he'd had the utterly amazing opportunity to meet Stephen Hawking, to ask him some really penetrating questions about the possibilities of a multiverse, instead of just babbling about what an utterly amazing opportunity it had been to meet him. Well, it wouldn't have worked out very well because of Dr. Hawking's capacity to answer questions, but still. Anything would have helped. Maybe.
Puzzled, John looked up. "Sherlock, what…." He just made out Sherlock's eyes in the early-morning grey; outside, rain spattered against the window. He tried again. "What…."
His strides had become longer, and his heels were hitting the pavement so hard he was surprised sparks weren't flying from beneath the leather-covered hardwood. The streets were more crowded now, workers leaving their jobs and heading home for dinner, a beer, maybe some TV or a book or sex with a partner, but nobody stopped to gape at him, or chased him down the road, or stuck camera phones or pictures for autographs in his face. It was pleasant, and a little disconcerting.
“God, really? No, you probably listened to Mozart and Bach all the time. And I reckon you just wore, what – those gowns and all.”
“As I trust yours. You look so beautiful.” He plucked at a fold of the dark green silk dress. “But you have an odd light in your eyes. What is it?”
"Yeah. Thanks." John turned to look Sherlock full in the face. "Funny. I've always thought that life would be a lot easier if I had more money, but –" He shrugged. "I'm still getting used to the idea, I guess."
"Yeah. Some young couple from East Ham, no kids. They want to renovate." John looked around. "Just as well, I guess."
As if the last message might disappear, he went back to his phone and snatched it up, thumbing it to life.
A delicate little double helix of conjecture and suspicion began to crystallise in the back of Sherlock's mind, twining its way around the dusty and cobweb-ridden but still tender past.
be brilliant. I expect a full report." John turned his attention to Mary. "How about you – good day?"
Mycroft sighed past the sudden tightness in his throat. He couldn't focus on her now. She'd have chided him, said that he should properly grieve her and get it done with, but he held grief in abeyance. When he discovered why she'd died, then he'd grieve her. And he trusted Sherlock to find the answers. Whether it was Moran or some other individual or agency, Sherlock would root it out. And then Mycroft could grieve.
"How did you –" The nurse laughed. "God, the show must rub off on you! Will you be okay? You seem to be walking all right. No dizziness, light-headedness?"
John shrugged. As the lift door opened, he stepped back and held the lift door so Sherlock could exit first. "His PA might have been using it."
"Mycroft had a surveillance team watching Moran's house," Sherlock said. "Letting them know we planned to investigate, as he
Angrily, Sherlock limped up the stairs and into 221B. Stupid, pointless errand. Moran was obviously a jittering bundle of acquired neuroses and a self-aggrandizer to boot, and Sherlock was about five seconds away from calling Mycroft and washing his hands of the whole ridiculous affair. Besides the brotherly harangue, he hadn't a particle of motivation – it wasn't even an interesting case, didn't amount to bugger-all in the diversion department. Dead woman, missing art, addled ex-convict, who cared? He yanked his phone from his coat pocket.
"You're not worried about that?" John touched Sherlock's cheek with affection. "She likes you. She was asking all sorts of questions about you the day after you came by for dinner."
The phone buzzed in his hand, startling him. Another text. He frowned at the caller readout. Was something amiss? Sherlock again? Wouldn’t that be just like him, getting into a scrape two days before Christmas.
lodged itself firmly in Sherlock's brain, and his cock strained harder against his clothes. He put one hand between his legs and rubbed almost absently.
John felt the old anxiety rising again, a chattering little imp of doubt. "Did you ask her not to talk about them in front of me?"
"I'm all right." Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a coughing laugh. "Well, obviously I'm not one hundred percent."
"Wow." Tom got up and cleared the plates from the table. "I thought you were meant to be asexual, anyhow."
"Quite a number of connections between the pair of you," Sherlock said. "You were a ground-floor investor in Dedalus Communications and made out very nicely indeed when the IPO took off. There were a number of plundered art restorations connected with Lady Howe when Mr Dedalus emerged into the communications market. He's also an art collector, funnily enough. And you facilitated a number of nameless third-party guaranteed auctions, all high guarantees and high sales." Sherlock took his phone out and pulled up a spreadsheet. "None of your other confirmed clients have sales that match those extraordinary sums. So Mr Dedalus, a countryman of yours, ambiguous background, some years younger than yourself…tell me, Lord Moran. Would Nick Dedalus happen to be a relation?"
He heard a creak, a rush of warm air, and a heavy slam. Someone had entered the room and was walking toward him – leather soles, gritting slightly on what felt like a concrete floor. Benedict shook with fear and felt tears gathering in his eyes, but he kept his lips pressed together.
Sherlock set the phone in its cradle. He wrapped the sheet tightly round his body, hissing a little, then picked up the S&W as the front door creaked open. He and Mary took up positions on either side of the kitchen entryway.
Heat crawled up Sherlock's neck. "Now why don't I believe that? Such an outsized ego for such an –" He let his gaze flick contemptuously up and down. "Inconsequential person."
"All right. All right." Sherlock's hand gripped Benedict's, hard enough to hurt. "He's rushing things. There's another game. He said he'd burn my heart –" The hand gripped tighter. "Burn my heart out."
John dragged a crumpled tissue from his pocket and scrubbed at his eyes and nose, sniffing quietly so he wouldn't wake his daughter.
"You wouldn't be, though." John hesitated. "Well – it wouldn't be like that exactly. Let's not worry about it now." He drew close to Sherlock and kissed him. "When was the last time you ate?"
Mary and Nora had come home an hour later, as John, having got four hundred decent words down, was rapidly flicking through television channels and finding nothing. "Smells grand," Mary had commented after Nora had kissed John and thundered upstairs.
Sherlock waved an impatient hand. "I told you, I'm fine." And he was. He was feeling marvellous, actually, and they'd lost far too much time already.
I'll be heading out of town this week and then dealing with the beginning of the semester at the university where I work, so there will be a delay before I post the next chapter. I apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience.
"It doesn't explain why several of her toes and fingers were broken, though," Sherlock said. "And it doesn't explain why she tried to phone Lord Moran a half hour or so before she died. Nor why she was actually murdered in the first place."
"Got a picture?" He couldn't ever remember asking to see a photograph of anyone for reasons outside a case. But this was different.
"What's aconitine?" Nora piped up – softly, though, as if she expected to be ordered out for some indiscretion. She wasn't accustomed to company, John realised – neither he nor Mary really hosted gatherings at their house. When Mary socialised, it was with the people from Tim's surgery, and John wasn't much for gadding about – getting to a racecourse now and then was about as exciting as things got for him in the intervening years between his adventures with Sherlock.
John crossed his legs at the ankle and laced his fingers together over his stomach, settling deeper into the uncomfortable waiting-area chair. "Doesn't matter." Idly, he watched a man with steel-grey hair and a fake tan angrily stripping off a gold watch and all but throwing it at the young woman in a fur coat and heels trotting beside his bed as they rolled toward Radiology.
"What did he say to you?" the woman demanded as she led the hapless porter and the boy away. There was an inaudible reply. "
John smiled at Sherlock's urgency and touched the drooping curl on his forehead again. "Why'd you cut your hair?"
Mycroft couldn’t even be bothered to roll his eyes. Violet Holmes, empress of the mixed message. Years of exhortations to eat followed by comments on how tight his trousers had become had weathered his hide to iron.
"Oi. Oi, Benedict!" A hand tugged at his elbow, but before he could turn on the perpetrator, they came to Baker Street. He bounced on his heels, waiting for the doors to open, and the hand tugged again, more insistently.
"I do? Well, I had a rough day at work. Lots of sick people. Happens in the winter, you know. Lots of flu, bronchitis, other respiratory trouble. There was a little girl about your age with a very nasty flu. It's worrisome. I'm glad you're so healthy and strong."
"Oh, come on," Moriarty said, rolling his eyes. "They haven't got their shit together enough to do that, nobody'd believe it. But yeah, Derry, Galway, Belfast, and Dublin will be the first to go – just long enough for people to start blaming the Real IRA. And then, one after another, boom, boom, boom." He clapped his hands together softly.
"I'm sure you didn't. And I'm sure Eamonn didn't use your particular knowledge unless he absolutely had to. You did tell him about it, didn't you? Where was your father's stash?"
"You play well. Not brilliantly, but competently enough. Your fingering needs work, particularly your little finger." Moran held his glass out. "Could I trouble you for a refill?"
had paid off handsomely. He'd never seen anyone so ruthlessly calculating and competent – not that Ben wasn't fit, but that escape and rescue had been Tarantino-worthy. It was a debt Tom couldn't hope to repay, not that he would mind trying, if Benedict allowed it. Maybe after a few years had passed, he'd follow Ben's example and talk about it.
There wasn't time for consolation or coddling. Tom could cry in the car on the way home. Sherlock retrieved Henry's knife and crouched behind Tom's chair, cutting him free and gathered up the tape that had bound them both, stuffing it in his pockets. The handcuffs he'd have to deal with in London. "Come on," he said brusquely, getting to his feet. "Let's go."
Amazing, the way genetics worked. Sherlock was an almost perfect amalgam of his parents. He'd teased Mycroft for years about being left at the Holmes doorstep wrapped in newspaper until Mycroft had produced a mouldering photograph of one Routledge Wakefield Holmes, balding, bewhiskered, and choleric in appearance – in short, there was a terrifying resemblance. Naturally, Sherlock had then accused Mycroft of Photoshopping the picture, whereupon Mycroft had presented a raft of documentation – birth registry, marriage certificate, war service records, et cetera. Sherlock had parried with the assertion that Mycroft could have had all that stuff made up, but he'd eventually conceded that Mycroft was actually a Holmes by blood. It had been a fun game while it lasted.
For a very long moment, Sherlock sat frozen, uncertain of himself and his power to help. Molly had said that the only thing to really assuage grief was time, and that had felt true for Mrs Hudson, for his parents, but this – Mary hadn't died of age-related illness, and Sherlock had had a hand in her death besides – what in God's name was he supposed to do? John was clearly in the Anger stage of the Kubler-Ross model of grieving, flawed as that probably was, and though Sherlock didn't fear John's anger, he did fear doing something to alienate John for a long time.
Tom opened his mouth to say God only knew what, and whooshed air out harshly as a body slammed him up against the wall and pinned his wrists. He wanted to scream, but no sound emerged from his throat.
As he approached TWH's house, he saw a figure leaving and tensed. He waited in the shadows, watching. It was a young man, forgettable face, decent clothes but not the same quality as Tom's, messenger bag slung over one shoulder. Tiredness round the eyes, hands exceedingly dry from extensive handling of paper. A relative? Another secret boyfriend? His stalker? Sherlock strode forward, full of adrenaline and purpose. "Hello there."
"Oh, yes," Tom said, before Sherlock could answer. "They took him to hospital and gave him all sorts of scans. Still, it's got to be wearing. Maybe we
He reached out and stroked the soft wool and then picked the scarf up, holding it to his nose. He smelled dust and a bit of perfume – not Mary's old Claire de la Lune, but something richer, smokier, with benzoin, tolu balsam, fig leaf, and Rosa Indica caryophyllea. A sophisticated fragrance; her tastes had changed. He couldn't smell his own scent on it at all, nor John's.
Surely if this peculiar little switch proved anything, it was that science trumped superstition. And it could possibly prove useful somewhere down the road – he had a handful of unsolved cases in his mind palace filed under
"Ooh. Tempting. Right, you're on. Get upstairs. Be naked by the time I finish my beer." Benedict swatted Tom's arse and watched him leave, his cock already standing to attention. He leant against the cupboards and drank leisurely.
The door slid open, and there was Mycroft Holmes, leaning on his umbrella, his coat looped over the other arm, his countenance extremely displeased.
was Henreid. She'd introduced them both as he'd stepped off the plane:  Lance Corporals Henreid and Farrow. "No vehicles. Recent tyre tracks, though."
"But I do! If you jump, I'll let him live. I'll take him with me for a while, and hang on to him for…oh, a year, year and a half. We'll have lots and lots to talk about. And he'll be an entirely different man when he leaves, I guarantee that. Of course, people are going to be talking about him – I mean, he disappears right after his best friend takes a dive off a tall building. Okay, that might be a teensy bit problematic for him, I admit. He might take some heat when he reappears. But hey, he'll be alive." Moriarty's voice dropped suddenly. "But if you don't jump, Sherlock, you get to watch him die. And then I will tear you apart, bit by infinitesimal bit. You don't want that, do you?"
Mycroft got to his feet, took off his blazer, and unhitched a pair of bright red braces. As Benedict watched in utter stupefaction, Mycroft unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers. "I hardly think I need to."
They arrived at the station with a few moments to spare. Sherlock alighted from the car, snatched his bag, and remembered to wave and smile at Vertue, who was peering at him curiously. He banged the door shut and, letting the smile fall away, sprinted toward the platform. A quick scan of the contents of Cumberbatch's wallet had revealed a driving licence (good), an open return ticket, Cardiff-London (better) and an MBNA Platinum card (best), along with sundry useless stuff. Hampstead address, good enough he supposed; easy to use as a base for working out how to get back to Baker Street.
Sherlock waited until John was nearly out of sight and then began the laborious climb up the stone staircase. Stupid buggery knee. Despite the wrapping, it was decidedly aching again. He'd have to visit the doctor once he got back to London. Perhaps even an orthopaedic surgeon – annoying.
the brain cells got fried." She reached up, cupping his cheek, kissed him lightly on the mouth, and went into the house as Sherlock moved aside. "I'm not staying, I've got a date. But I wanted to see how you were holding up. I expected to find you with all your hair burnt off and your skin blackened, creature-style."
Moriarty shook his head. "In fact, we're introducing a new model in two weeks. Business has never been better."
"I called in sick." John folded his section of the paper. "I thought you could use some company, considering the day we had yesterday."
"That's not fair. It was my first time making crispy duck." Molly took the sample to her own lab table.
The young woman's eyes were enormous. "Oh my God." Her hand went to her throat, and she nodded stupidly. "I…I…."
What had Cumberbatch meant by that? God, it was infuriating being thrown into that white, featureless space that defied any sort of careful examination – was it even really physical, or was it some sort of bizarre fugue state? – and subjected to the panic of a babbling idiot who got flustered at the very idea of a universe that expanded beyond the staggering selfishness of his own tiny sphere without the opportunity to sort out what was happening to them or even to ask pertinent questions because Cumberbatch was far too busy flailing and bellowing to give Sherlock a chance to think. Pity; he wasn't a half-bad actor.
"I can have a counsellor sent up here," Dr Choudhury went on. "Someone qualified to speak to children."
The silence stretched out between them, a horrible eternity of wordlessness as they stared each other in the eye.
"They can if someone's selling on the quiet," Sherlock said. "I doubt all these names are the entirety of fugitive Nazis. There were thousands, some who had enormous caches of knowledge. Picture it, John – you're on the run, and you can't take loads of art and objects with you. But you know where it is – buried in mines, under abandoned factories, in church crypts, in the cellars of great houses. Assuming many of those pieces are quite well-hidden, what would you do about it?"
Sherlock gave Benedict a shaky smile. "So would I," he murmured, and took one of the little spheres. He locked eyes with Benedict for a moment, then looked up. "Is something supposed to happen?"
. Get hold of yourself, for God's sake. I've dealt with more temperamental actors in the past few days than anybody deserves, and I'm sick of it. Calm yourself. Think rationally." The voice was soft in his ear, and familiar. Familiar.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft hatched plots like eggs, and revelled in secrets. It was his nature and inclination. He concealed; Sherlock revealed. It had always been that way. "I didn't say I wouldn't."
"I know a liar when I see one, John," Sherlock scoffed, and then caught himself, not daring to give John another sideways look. It was true, though – some of the coolest dissimulators on the planet had tried his patience, and he'd shown most of them up. Kerstin Tresler was an amateur. "She was protecting Eamonn Reilly, and the painting we found proves it," he went on. "The smell, the scrap of paper in her flat – it was next to the gin bottles – and as long as he was alive, she had no intention of betraying him. I have to give her some credit for loyalty, I suppose. And it wasn't as if she was profiting from the sale of the work."
Sherlock lay prone and still on the floor half in and half out of the loo, dark fabric covering his head.
"Surgery," John said blankly. "I – oh. Yes. All right." Surgery was a nice word for what really took place, necessary and altruistic as organ and tissue donation was.
“I don’t think any of us are,” Martha replied sadly. “Things are different, that’s all. They’re not as close…well, John’s got his own house, of course, for himself and little Rosie, and it’s lovely, but…it’s not just Mary being gone, you see. And Sherlock, poor lamb, he’s just so lonely. He’d die before he admitted it, but it’s true.”
Moriarty smiled, and nodded at the first hired gun, who hauled back and punched John in the jaw, hard enough to send him sprawling to the floor.
Benedict kept his face still, but he could have kissed John right there, and might have done if Moriarty hadn't still been in the room.
"It's true, I am really good at all that." Moriarty gave Benedict a modest smile. "But you, Sherlock – you're
"I knew something was wrong, but body-swapping wasn't on the list of probable causes." Tom kissed him again. "Oh, Ben. Tell me."
sad, all cooped up and huddling in the dark, and starts to languish and pine for his old life in the sunshine. What should the bunny's owner do next, Sherlock?" Moriarty paused. "I think that's a koan, anyway. See you later, alligator." He slipped out the door, and the sound of his footsteps echoed on the stairs and faded away.
"Please," Benedict said, putting every bit of urgency and command he possessed in his voice. "Just wait. Just a moment." He pulled out Sherlock's mobile and dialled, putting the phone on speaker.
Drawing on his other glove, Sherlock went to the door, John close on his heels. He left without a word and retraced his steps through the galleries. "Uncommunicative," he murmured. "Uncommunicative."
The sky was lilac, with grey drifting plumes of cloud, and John zipped up his cardigan against the cool air as he trotted toward home. He ascended the stairs and came into the flat to see Sherlock lying on the sofa, one arm crooked over his eyes, his jacket off and half-covering him. "Sherlock? You okay?"
" He got to his feet – one of his knees creaked alarmingly – and took the pillow-case to the window. He opened the window, tossed the fabric onto the little metal grate that probably held flowers in summer, then went back to Sherlock, prising his mouth open to check for vomit. "Good." He grabbed Sherlock under the armpits and hauled him up with a great deal of effort. "Oh, fuck's sake." The case had been loose over Sherlock's head, and it hadn't been ten minutes since they'd parted, so there wouldn't be any irreparable damage beyond some irritation of mucous membranes, probably, maybe nausea and a headache as well. The effects of halothane didn't last terribly long – twenty to thirty minutes at most.
"Mr Holmes. Quite an honour." His Irish accent was far more pronounced than his brother's, and it was decidedly the voice of the man who'd come into the Moran house the night Sherlock and John had been there. "May I come in?"
The doorbell shrilled again, but he paid it no mind, trudging back up the stairs and into the darkened bedroom, where he slumped back into bed. He'd walked from NSY to Hampstead, surprisingly unbothered and, finding himself exhausted at the end of his trek had collapsed immediately. Now he picked up his phone and discovered he'd slept nearly ten hours. Several more texts and voicemails had come through; he deleted them methodically, without opening a single one.
"No. But I won't be able to forget that." Mary shook her head. "Right, I think that's about it. I'll wear my good coat on the flight. Her lawyer's booked me at the Four Seasons if you can't reach my mobile." She paused. "Should I take a hat? I don't think Americans wear hats to church much nowadays, even in St. Louis."
"I wonder if she knows," John said. "Christ, I've tried to hide it from her, the way we go at it sometimes, and how bitter it can be…both of us have. I wonder if she knows, though."
Now, however, John was clearly uncomfortable. Was he regretting his decision to accompany Sherlock? Wouldn't be too surprising. It had been a bolt from the blue. Perhaps the jab about surgeons had been ill-timed.
Sherlock jumped out of the chair as the door opened and the blonde woman popped her head out. "All set?"
Sherlock smiled, a trace of his old smugness returning. "Fortunately," he said, "I have the perfect solution."
Thank God for adrenaline; it flooded his veins, sending him into full, if precarious, alertness. "On my way."
Perhaps he wasn't irreversibly trapped. Mycroft had been a bit cagey when Benedict had asked about going back, and after his initial disbelief, hadn't really questioned Benedict at all about the switch, or seemed to think he was mad. Maybe, in this universe, switching bodies and worlds with someone was no crazier than stealing corpses to simulate a terrorist attack, or hiring Sherlock to get information from the dominatrix threatening a young, foolish member of the Windsor family.
God, it was Rupert's voice, yes, but a bit wearier, rougher, the accent a bit thicker than the one Rupert used. "Why?"
"I could check on you a bit later. I'm afraid we don't allow food or drinks in here, but if you'd like to call down, I could arrange for –"
"God damn it, Sherlock…." Uneasily, John looked around, afraid to hammer on the door lest the hotel staff come. No, that wasn't right. Something wasn't right.
"Ah. That's true, John. One shouldn't be entirely careless. The world's full of violence, lies, and treachery. Sometimes I'm amazed we've lived as long as we have."
John shucked his jacket, then went immediately into the tiny loo to wash his face and hands. He felt grubby and vaguely malodorous, as if the dirt and miasma of Kerstin Tresler's flat had followed him out, clinging to his hair and skin and clothing. As he scrubbed his hands, he lifted his arm to his nose and sniffed the sleeve of his jumper. Fine; it was just his nasal passages suffering, in all likelihood.
"Oh, Johnny. Come on." Moriarty reached behind him and withdrew a firearm in a plastic sack. "You don't think I'm
Sherlock snorted in amusement. "Broken toes. And two broken fingers, as it turns out. Even if she was convulsing, that's extraordinarily violent activity. Any luck finding her PA? I wouldn't mind asking her a few questions, now that the maid is dead."
"Don't know," Sherlock said. They came to a lift, and they got in as the doors slid open. "It's never been disclosed, and even Mycroft doesn't know."
"I'm not. I'm…I don't know. Maybe you're right. I didn't mean to take it out on you." He kissed her neck, and slid his hand down her back to fondle her backside. "I'm an idiot."
Sherlock frowned. "Mycroft, every case you give me seems to concern the fate of the free world, and yet –"
Only five days ago, if he'd been asked, he would have said that romance was irrelevant, that their bond of friendship was more than enough, but just now, seeing John's stricken face, the confusion, embarrassment, and disappointment that he'd imperfectly covered with anger, he couldn't say that in good conscience any longer. Perhaps somewhere out there, there were a thousand iterations of Holmes and Watson, and perhaps nine hundred and ninety-nine of them were content with the bond of friendship. But not here, not now.
"Good." Moriarty seated himself across from Sherlock again, whilst the others gathered round Sherlock's chair. "Ready to get out of that chair?" Sherlock chose not to answer, and Moriarty grinned. "Well, our little lab rat's learning, isn't he? Good boy."
"Oh," Sherlock said, "forgot to mention:  I had another visit from our Halothane-toting friend from Derry."
He went to Google and started researching the concept of the multiverse. Despite his confident tossing-about of the idea to Cumberbatch, he'd managed to delete most of it immediately after he'd learnt it because it had seemed a pointless notion. And as he delved deeper, he realised that he'd been right to delete it – it
That was Martin's voice. Of course it was. He opened his eyes, and there was Martin, kneeling over him in a khaki-coloured t-shirt and a worn blue cardigan. No makeup; he must have washed it off. Benedict smiled tentatively. "Hey."
There was a chance he could be wrong, albeit a very slim chance. The tone, the insolent little smile, the contents were so blatantly willful. And the blackmail and coercion.
Sherlock flapped a hand in dismissal. "Oh, you know. Go home before it's too late. Et cetera. He was from Galway. Or close to it. Labourer, callused hands, scratched on the cloth." He sighed and sipped again. "I'm perfectly capable of holding my own teacup, John."
Sherlock smiled. "I know it sounds absolutely insane, but bear with me and I'll explain everything." He laughed. Actually laughed.
Furious, he took out Cumberbatch's phone, erased the last few messages that had come in – all from that Karon person – and texted Tom.
"Oh, apparently he was only in prison for five days," Sherlock replied. "Anyhow, if that visit was meant to entice me somehow, it's failed. Even if he was involved, he's done now. And so am I."
"No –" Tom adored sexual, consensual bondage – though he fleetingly wondered if he ever would again, if indeed he lived to contemplate it – but couldn't stand the sensation of any obstruction in his mouth. Tom abandoned the sudden two-second mental aside. "Henry, please, please think about this." He wriggled backward, getting leverage with his feet as Henry lunged toward him. "Henry –"
"And I can't stay. I've got to give her the best life I possibly can. And that means keeping her as safe as I possibly can." John withdrew his hand and stared miserably at the tabletop.
"Oh, if you insist. Just for a moment, though. Lindsay, Elise – I know I saw Snaffles and Win here. Win has the funniest story about Nice – go find them, I'll catch up with you in two shakes of a lamb's tail." She sidestepped them and swept through the crowd gracefully, managing to chat here and there without stopping for so much as a second.
Storage cellar in one direction, wine cellar in another. There was a stink of lye and a fainter odour beneath that Sherlock recognised as human decay. "Tom!"
wasn't in the script, and neither was –" Benedict bit his lip hard before saying anything about Sherlock and Mycroft's relationship – though that might have been a ruse. Definitely a ruse. "At any rate, I think he's ruining my reputation as an actor because there are
not discussing that right now." He brandished the lights. "Right, she's going to be here soon. Let's get this place glittering and impress the hell out of her."
"I know that. I mean, what the fuck is happening here? Where's the crew? Why is there a ceiling, and a street –" Benedict thinned his mouth into a grim line. "You're having me on."
"John –" he tried to shout, but his head was dragged back, and a thick hand clamped over his face. He sucked air in through his nose and staggered.
"So he's trying to demoralise you by attacking me. Breaks down the same either way – it's all about you. I'm a pawn." The bitterness was back.
"Hey." Ben lifted one hand a little and gave him one of those tight-lipped smiles. "Sorry I'm late."
Sherlock thought about confessing to the dalliances with Gatiss and Brealey, and thought better of it. "Not recently. He's not very happy with me at the moment."
A cup of tea, he'd call Mycroft, and the wheels of covert justice would be set into motion. It didn't matter now how hard a butterfly flapped its wings; the situation had got far out of hand the moment he'd woken up here.
"Yes?" Sherlock stood still, looking out at the darkening street – though not so dark lately: spring was on its way.
Sherlock heaved a sigh. "Oh, shut the hell up, Mycroft, and get out of my way." He pushed past Mycroft and hobbled out of the lift.
included the piece in its notorious Degenerate art exhibition in 1937 and subsequently confiscated the painting. So congratulations – you did manage to liberate one missing piece."
John closed his eyes for a moment and leant against the wall, breathing hard. He turned the photograph toward the envelope and went into the kitchen. "Nora," he said softly, "go upstairs and read for a bit, okay? Get ready for bed."
"Good." John balled the scarf up and tossed it to the floor of the wardrobe. "I'll let you shower. Do you want something to eat before you go?"
," Sherlock hissed, and flung John's hand away. He gained his feet and half-stumbled to the loo, went in, and slammed the door hard enough to rattle the hall sconce.
I must once again thank kimberlite and vilestrumpet for their amazing beta and Britpicking work. Their close attention and careful reading and encouragement were more than motivational; they were inspirational. Thank you so very much. <3
"Brealey," Sherlock said, remembering. Louise Brealey. Went by Loo. Anyone who permitted themselves to be called after a toilet probably had worse self-esteem than Molly, if that was possible. Except clearly she didn't. Maybe.
Obediently, Nora went to work on her eggs and resumed reading. John opened the paper, scanning it idly.
Based on his research, TWH had gone to Eton and Cambridge (nothing special) and was a classics scholar (useless), but that meant bugger-all in the general brains department, evidently. Well, Sherlock had had plenty of school and uni acquaintances who were even more stupid. All of them, actually. "What else would it mean?" Sherlock snapped, then sat up and gave Tom's arm an I'm-just-having-you-on push. "I'm fine. Really. They performed every test under the sun. You know, star treatment."
Sherlock rolled his eyes in exasperation but heroically refrained from making a snotty remark. "When we moved in together, I understood your reasons for doing so:  stagnation coupled with financial need. When you began to accompany me to cases, I understood that as well. You are, in popular parlance, an adrenaline junkie. Accordingly, it's simple to comprehend your reasons for continuing to work on cases. However, you're fiscally solvent now. You could move out if you wanted to, have a flat of your own. Furnish it with three-piece suites, something nicer than what you termed my…what was it you called my furniture? Charity-shop castoffs, wasn't it?"
She couldn’t navigate a pub with ease either. Lucy, from Telemetry, had gone home with a guy she’d met at the bar, just like that. Not that Molly wanted some casual sort of fling; she wasn’t made that way. A few men had spoken to her, not bad-looking, but none of them had piqued her interest in the slightest.
He’d bring a Fortnum’s hamper. Ms Marechal would be only too delighted to arrange something for him. And wine, of course. Not the best stuff. Sherlock might appreciate it – possibly – but no-one else would. Besides, the better wine was more suited for intimate celebrations.
on the inside, and eventually they break. The world never hardens them. You wonder why nature fails to provide for their survival." Moving forward, he clasped Tom's face between his hands, tangling his fingers in Tom's hair and yanking when Tom tried to flinch backward. "You took so fucking much from me."
Sherlock edged toward the door, watching intently. This was a rare sight, and he had no intention of missing it.
"Oh, I think 'mastermind' is debatable," Sherlock scoffed, but his heart clenched again. Moriarty was clever enough to find Sherlock's weakness. And if John was with Cumberbatch, he'd found it already. He didn't value John, Sherlock knew, except as a pawn. Which, on reflection, made the term
"Violence committed by family, friends, or acquaintances isn't at all uncommon," Sherlock said. The first time he'd been kidnapped (he had, by his own count, been abducted or taken hostage sixteen times) the perpetrators had been one of Mycroft's colleagues, hoping to glean information entrusted to Mycroft, specifically locations of missile sites in Pakistan to sell to interested and remunerative parties. Aged fifteen, snatched away from his room at college whilst revising for a chemistry exam and bundled into an ancient Volvo, he'd languished in a tiny room in Sheffield for almost four days before he'd been rescued. He recalled being frightened, but after the initial fear, he'd begun to catalogue facts, and during the phone call they'd allowed him, he'd managed to surreptitiously deliver enough clues to Mycroft for rescue to come a day and a half later. The colleague had been rounded up, drugged, and quietly and summarily dispatched to Pakistan with the information sewn into the lining of his jacket where, acting upon an anyonymous tip, the authorities discovered him trying to re-cross the border. What happened afterward was, Mycroft told Sherlock, simply the appropriate punishment for a kidnapper and a traitor. It just proved that one really couldn't trust anybody. "At least you managed to escape."
"That's the feisty Tom we know and love. No, not back with the boyfriend." Henry slammed the hatch closed, put his hand round Tom's arm – a detatched, impersonal grasp, not intimate or sexual, Tom thought – and dragged him toward the rear passenger seat, opening the door and pushing him inside. "On your tummy." Tom reluctantly lay on his side, then rolled to his belly. He let Henry tape his ankles together, then secure them to his wrists. Henry tested the tensile strength of Tom's bonds by yanking his ankles backwards. Tom yelped at the sudden pain in his shoulders and felt a pat on his thigh. "Good boy. Right, I've got to gather some stuff up, won't be a minute. You and Benny behave yourselves. Take a tip from the boyfriend, Tom." He closed the door, and Tom heard the locks depress.
"Oh." John exhaled. "Erm. Well, we'll have to see." He hadn't told Mary the cause of the rift. He had a right to keep some things private, and she'd never pressed him for details. She knew better.
"If you like that sort of thing," Sherlock shrugged. "He's not a complete washout in the intelligence department, at least."
had noticed that Sherlock and Mycroft had a more complicated relationship than ordinary brotherhood. On the other hand, more than a few people thought that he and Moriarty were destined for true love, so obviously there were a few rogue spanners in the works.
He was sorry he'd come. He should have just popped the scarf in the post. "Well, I'd better be off. Have to get to work."
Sherlock tried to twist one wrist, but it didn't budge so much as a millimetre. "Fair enough. Will you answer a few questions?"
"Oh my God. Thank you!" She clutched her clipboard to her chest and all but skipped away. As Benedict watched, she made her way to Andrew's side and proffered the clipboard with the same shy, ducking motion and aura of worshipful awe.
"Whatever you want." Tom's lips were parted, his knuckles white. Sweat glittered in the hollow of his throat and down the centre of his chest.
They went through a sitting room that wouldn't have looked out of place at the Hermitage, crowded with paintings and objects and delicate seventeenth and eighteenth century furnishings. Beyond that was a bedroom more austerely appointed, but still clearly expensive, swathed in apricot silk, then a dressing room painted bright scarlet and lined with shelves and built-in wardrobes reaching from floor to ceiling. At last they entered a bathroom of brown marble and copper fixtures, with a dead woman in a green evening gown crumpled next to the toilet.
Benedict stumbled backward, gasping. "Jesus. Jesus Christ." He couldn't get air, and sucked in one rapid breath after another.
John turned the bedside lamp on and sat on the bed. "C'mon, Sherlock, wake up. I want to check your vitals."
Back to work. He resumed his twisting and tugging, moving steadily and methodically. As he worked at the tape, he mentally calculated what it would take to notify each metropolitan police force in a Dedalus store city, and the likelihood of their rapid compliance. There were certainly some countries who'd be hostile to a warning coming from UK intelligence, but Mycroft would work something out. He'd be doubly willing once he discovered that Moriarty was responsible for Meredith Howe's death. Sherlock supposed he should say something consoling about that, and distract Mycroft from the fact that it was Mary who'd actually done the deed. Surely the attempt at an antidote would be a mitigating factor.
"Well. Apparently she followed the transactions, the different institutions of deposit, and realised that they led to some very specific places. And then she was dumb enough to ask me about them." Moriarty clicked his tongue. "Not very bright."
Mycroft shrugged. "Simple enough. Sherlock's phone has a GPS system. I'm glad you decided to take my advice and keep it," he said to Benedict. "And that Moriarty's henchmen were too foolish to remove it."
Unfamiliar church bells pealed in the distance, reminding Benedict that he wasn't home. It was Sunday, and he was in Sussex, in a safe house with guards outside and a very angry John Watson inside.
"Yes. Try not to break anything." Sherlock drew off his coat and draped it over the back of an Empire-period mahogany and bronze fauteuil. "Moran's office is probably on this floor somewhere. Start digging. Look for Dedalus letterhead, any mention of art, personal correspondence." He started down the hall.
What a piece of work was man. Tom would have understood, or at least listened to him sympathetically. It was childish and petty, but he wanted Tom to feel his absence. He obviously, if one paid attention to Sherlock, wasn't missing Benedict the way Benedict was missing
Five minutes. He needed five minutes to pull himself together, and then he'd call Mycroft. It wasn't the arrest that was troubling, though that
"So you never met her before this morning?" Lestrade folded his arms and stepped closer to the table.
"God," Sherlock muttered, and leapt into the back seat. He buckled himself in and leant back, closing his eyes.
Benedict had gone downstairs, stomping emphatically like an angry child. Tom heard his thumping footsteps, heard the fridge door open and bang shut, heard various mutterings and thudding until Ben went into his study and threw himself onto the sofa. Tom waited for the sound of the television – Ben liked to soothe himself with movies, an excellent habit – but only silence followed the thud of twelve stone on cushioned leather.
The sudden illicit elation he'd felt upon calling Fann and begging off was nothing to the contentment that glowed like hot embers as he sat on this comfortable and expensive sofa in a corporate playground, watching grown men and women chatter and cavort like ten-year-old kids.
go after all." He rubbed Sherlock's forearm. Clearly some forms of physical affection were acceptable.
Why? For God's sake, it couldn't be simple jealousy. There had to be something else. He had to talk to Henry, work it out. He was persuasive, and he could be charming. Even Henry had remarked on it once. Unless that had been an act.
Of course it was. Sherlock snorted quietly as the voice on the other end answered. "Listen very carefully. I'm calling from the residence of Henry Burgess in Tilford." He gave the address. "A series of violent crimes, among them rape and murder, has been committed here. No, I'm phoning you because Mr Burgess seems to believe he has the local police force in his pocket.
"Doubt it. But we do have to go back to Derry, John, and as soon as possible. Or I could call Ms Tresler tomorrow, I suppose, but it's not the same."
He'd had plenty of time for reflection on the plane, time enough to circle half a hundred trajectories of Mary's possible thought processes before reaching the baffled and furious conclusion that he didn't know her at all. And yes, so much of that had been a willful shutting-out of truth and fact; he loved her, and her past didn't matter to him, no matter what Sherlock had said. He'd managed to tell himself that for years, even as it niggled and ate at him – not in his brain where, once the notion had mutated into true suspicion, he could have clearly told it to sod off, but in his heart, where malignancy was checked by her daily affections, by his own, by their mutual love for Nora.
"Well, I'm not sure that all the tests they did – maybe they weren't thorough enough. Maybe you need an MRI, BSI baseline, something. Look –" John took a deep breath. "I'm going to ask you something, and…no judgement, okay? Just tell me straight out. Are you using again?"
Benedict rolled his eyes and mouthed 'Lestrade' at John, who perked up a bit. "Can't you tell me now? Is it some sort of secret?"
"It's an academic question, I reckon," Sherlock conceded. "Still, you can't blame me for being curious. Bad accident, was it, with the eye? Firing pin after a hard recoil? Must have hurt."
"Henry, shut up for God's sake," Graham said. His cheeks had turned a mottled pink, contrasting oddly with the lank ginger-blond hair flopping over his forehead. "Besides, I'm certain that Tom's…you're chums, the pair of you, not –"
"Okay, then. You just sleep." John smoothed the blankets up, snugging them close to Sherlock's neck. He let his hand linger on Sherlock's shoulder, just for a moment, then turned away.
"Right, I'm gone." Sherlock pounded down the stairs, and then back up. He hovered in the doorway. "Mycroft…."
"Yeah, she did. She was really excited." John felt himself thawing on the subject of the phone. It was a practical thing to do, and smart of Mary. Nora was growing up, that was all there was to it, and he couldn't push back the tide forever.
Benedict gazed into Jim's eyes for a moment, those fathomless black pools of malice. He felt a strange icy fear coiling round his spine. "Let me think. Something about burning the heart out of me."
"I mean –" John gesticulated with one hand. "I could make conjectures, but you always tell me – no. No, I never guessed."
Mycroft stared up at the house and drew a deep sigh. If he had considered this a social obligation, he'd certainly never have come, but the object of his mission had proved disturbingly elusive of late. Cornering prey in its den was the obvious but hardly ideal move; with any luck she wouldn't suspect his motives until it was too late.
A silvery red haze of pure fury glazed Jim's vision; he sat perfectly still. For the first time in years he had a compulsion, almost too powerful to deny, to commit physical violence, to wrap his hands around Molly's skinny little neck and squeeze and squeeze until her face turned blue and her eyes bulged and her tongue lolled out of her mouth. He hadn't been hands-on in years and years, and now –
, but I haven't done. I am still pissed off, Sherlock. I don't want an apology, I want an explanation. If you…if you loved me the way you said you did that day –" John shook Sherlock again.
"Ideally, a definitive connection between Dedalus and Lady Howe. I'm going to get Mycroft to get his people to scramble the security alarm. Time he got off his fat arse and actually did some work on this case himself." John let out an amused snort, and Sherlock glanced over at him, pleased that he'd made John laugh. His glance evolved into a thorough examination from beneath his eyelashes. John, in his smart coat and bad haircut and his ten extra pounds, emanated a quiet power merely sitting beside him, and it took Sherlock a moment to see it through a sudden odd cloud of pervasive warmth and contentment that he eventually recognised as safety. And as much as he'd derided nostalgia in the past, now he accepted it, not wallowing, but dipping a toe in and finding it not unpleasant. It wouldn't do to immerse himself, though; whether or not those blond hairs proved to be Mary's, he'd have to hurt John again, one way or another. Too much lay between them. There was nothing for it – he'd have to re-establish his old carapace, the armour of his solitude.
"Human cloning isn't a medical or scientific feasibility yet. Certainly wasn't in the late '70s, either, despite all that
"Please, just let me finish. Sherlock's such a fucking stubborn arsehole, he'll cheerfully die before he admits to a tender emotion. He'll never say one word – he probably doesn't even understand how because normal human feelings are incomprehensible to him."
He pulled on the socks, tied his shoes, and stood up. He was hungry, and even if John was furious, that was no reason for Benedict to stay holed up and starving in his room all day. Even a cup of tea and some toast would tide him over. Resolute, he marched into the kitchen.
Tom froze for a second, taken aback at the scorn in Benedict's voice. Benedict sat up and glanced around the darkened bedroom, then fumbled for the bedside light. As he switched it on, he glanced round again, and there was a sudden look of total panic in his eyes before he turned to Tom, scrutinising him. "Ben," Tom said cautiously, "are you feeling all right?"
"Dr Watson, we have evidence linking you to the shooting of Darren Christopher Tuttle. A weapon was used in that shooting which we have reason to believe belongs to you.  We are therefore arresting you on suspicion of murder. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. Will you turn around, please, face the wall, and put your hands behind your back?"
"Hey, you paying attention? I asked if you were feeling okay. We've got to board." Not-John frowned. "You've still got your makeup on. And your costume."
There was a faint crashing noise like splintering glass. Sherlock picked his head up, straining to hear past the thick padded walls. A heavy thud sounded just above him. A body, falling to the floor.
"No! Quite liked it for a while there, in fact. Then it got deadly dull – I realised all my schoolmates were utter morons." Sherlock sat on the sofa beside John and opened a box. "This is…kitchen linens. Yes. Tea towels, napkins, curtains, the lot. We should probably launder these first." He saw John staring into the middle distance and closed the box. Too soon for all this domestic folderol, maybe, but he couldn't really camp out on the floor, could he? "Sorry if I'm…if it's a bit much."
"It's okay," Sherlock said, and hurried to Tom's side. "It's okay. Hang on, hang on." He went for the gag first, pulling the rope down with some effort and easing the cloth from Tom's mouth.
He ordered a coffee – mercifully, the woman behind the counter seemed to have no idea who he was – and slumped at a table. Clearly, he needed a new strategy, one that didn't involve a lot of public exposure. He'd have to do more research.
Sherlock refrained from rolling his eyes – it was shockingly tiresome to have to play Benedict Cumberbatch, Glad-Hander and Public Arse-Kisser at all times. He swung himself up and offered the man a grin. His head swam. "Terribly sorry about that. I was feeling a bit faint and had to have a lie-down. It's not really on to fall asleep in the…."
Sherlock breathed heavily through his nose, making sounds that sounded almost if not exactly like sobs, and Mary's heart, unbidden, tied itself in a knot. Sherlock was indefatigable, steel enclosed by skin, and she couldn't bear those noises. Quickly, she reached behind his head to unbuckle the blindfold. He blinked and squinted as it came off, then tried to raise his hands to undo the gag, but there was no strength in his bluish-purple fingers.
Moriarty's eyes darkened, and he leant closer. "You remember the last time you and I sat across from each other, Sherlock? Hm? You wanted everything to be clever. You wanted me to be able to control the world with a few lines of computer code, and what do you know – now I do. And I waited; years and years, making everything perfect, so you could appreciate it. And now here you are, duller than ever, but I am not going to be disappointed by this meeting. I refuse." He stood up, pushing his chair back, and went to the staircase. "I'll get you that water."
Sherlock had given them the address and ducked back into the air-conditioned coffee shop to wait. Not fifteen minutes later a discreetly luxurious car, the sort Mycroft favoured, had pulled up, and Sherlock had climbed in, thanking the driver profusely, and sat back for the ride back to – surprise, surprise – Hampstead, not far away from Cumberbatch's flat.
"Give it to me," John snarled, and sniffed at the water. It didn't smell funny. He took a sip himself. Tasted okay. If not, he was fucked, but he didn't think Jim Moriarty would take the trouble of breaking into their flat just to poison them.
Sherlock beamed. "Nothing. Talk away." He moved past Tom into the bedroom and flopped down on the bed, toeing his shoes off. Comfortable. He was actually a bit drowsy.
"It wouldn't have changed anything," John sighed. "Sherlock, that's just it. I mean, that's part of it, anyhow. The way she died – I meant that. I can keep Nora safe, I've got the money to do it, but you – you put yourself in harm's way all the time. If something happened to you, I couldn't…I couldn't face it. Not again."
"Rumours of your death are greatly exaggerated." She set a small red frame handbag and the box of treats on the gleaming worktop, untied the ribbon, and opened it, revealing three rows of different-coloured macarons. "Pistachio, rose petal, and caramel. Pick one."
"It's an effective technique on stupid gits who don't have the good sense to listen to their doctor." John held Benedict's gaze for a long moment. His face turned a darker red – maybe it was increasing blood pressure owing to his face-down suspension, but Benedict didn't think so, especially after John cleared his throat loudly and sat up, keeping his knees clasped close to Benedict's body but releasing his wrists and raising his pelvis a handspan, just far enough away to avoid physical contact. "Anyhow, shut up. The second thing…right, the second thing is if the police have connected the gun to me, it's done. You haven't got time to get to Brighton, if that's what you were planning to do."
John clenched his fists. They weren't dead-broke; they both worked, and even though the mortgage was astronomical and he'd been spending a bit more than usual lately, they covered expenses and had money for treats now and then. Neither of their demands were grandiose, and Nora hadn't yet hit the age where material wealth mattered a lot. But in the two weeks that Mary's Aunt Trish had been in London, she and Nora had spent time with her, soaking up the unattainable atmosphere of complete luxury. Nora had come home chattering about the delights of tea at the Connaught, hampers from Fortnum and Mason, and the pretty dresses at Harrods and Harvey Nichols. And Mary had been banging on about sending Nora to St Teresa's School – more than five thousand a term in fees alone, not including room, board, uniforms, excursions – and in bloody Surrey, close but not close enough for a daily back-and-forth drive. They'd argued over it numerous times and it had come down to two points of contention:  it was far too expensive, and he didn't want Nora to leave. She was
"But I threw you a tasty bone here and there, through her. An arms deal here, a little terrorist cell there. Of course you knew that. That was why you let it dangle so long. So to speak. And never a word to baby brother, who can't take care of himself." Moriarty beat a frantic tattoo on the glass with his fingertips and spun around, dancing close to Sherlock. "How far do you think you'd have got in Serbia without Mycroft, Sherlock? Not half a kilometre, I promise you that. How are you healing now, by the way?"
he'd been reading three nights running and turned to an article on maggot therapy. As he saw the accompanying photograph, a nostalgic smile crept onto his face.
"No. No, it's good," John said, patting Sherlock's thigh. "Good to get it all done in one fell swoop. I just…I just keep getting flashes of the way things used to be. Not just with me and Mary – with me and you, too." He looked Sherlock full in the face. "It's a bit scary sometimes. A lot's changed."
"One never knows, sir," the guard said. His dark eyes gleamed from his brown, chiselled face. "We're compelled to anticipate that possibility and take every precaution accordingly. So if you don't mind…." He gestured toward the house.
"Erm, no, not quite yet. I thought perhaps…you and Eleanor might like to come back to 221B and have lunch with me if you haven't any other plans."
"Okay." Chastened, Benedict slipped back into the house and closed the door behind him. "They must have changed shifts during the night."
Tom leant over to get the phone from where he'd left it on a side table and got a strange head rush. He stood still for a moment, hunched over, and awkwardly scooped up the phone. He wobbled as he straightened, and Henry grabbed his arm. "Wow."
"Lord Moran's younger brother was supposed to have died in a car bombing as a teenager, but he didn't die – either he survived the bombing or it was staged, but he's alive and well and I'm certain he's connected with extremists – maybe the Real IRA, maybe another faction, but he's alive, Mycroft, and working for or with his brother, who's conveniently missing. And both of them are connected with Nick Dedalus from Dedalus Communications – Moran got in on the ground floor and did rather well because of it. Dedalus is Irish, so his biography says – it's a thin reed to hang your hat on, but it's possible there's a double connection there. Dedalus could be funding Moran's art purchases – someone's funding extremist groups in Northern Ireland. One of Moran's connections was a major player in the backdoor talks, and so was Moran – not a coincidence. Something went wrong between Moran and Lady Howe…Meredith. I just need to go to Ireland to –"
Maybe Sherlock would just blow it off and not show up. It would be rude, but easier to explain than the doubtless horrifying answers to questions about being a newly minted sex god.
. Though disposal didn't seem to be too much of an issue, if Henry owned as much land as the petrol station clerk had asserted.
harder and emerged with nothing more than a headache. Not even that, sometimes. Now I'm just rotting, and it's ridiculous. Is this what happens with age? I thought it might be a slow downward slide. Do you know that this morning I woke up with my back hurting?"
, offshore transactions most likely, buyers who didn't give a damn about the original provenance of the work. I doubt anyone would be able to locate them, much less repatriate them."
- a mold farm? Christ. Tins of things, furred with dust, jars of what looked like ordinary dirt (probably grave dirt or something horrible). No bread. Some pasta, a box of rice, and there – there. An unopened packet of Cadbury chocolate digestives. He checked the date:  recent. Good. He'd drink the tea
The point was, things didn't happen for a reason, but there was occasional happy chance, and sometimes whilst on a case, Sherlock had managed to work out other problems, like the time he was wrestling with the problem of the Aluminium Crutch and discovered the existence of the owner of a house that wasn't actually a house…and further, that the owner, a socialite and gambler, had a taste for kidneys in béarnaise sauce. Fortunately, it had all turned out to his advantage; he was up one façade posing as a Leinster Gardens house, and he'd escaped the Clarence House cannibal with his kidneys intact.
Bit sad, really. If it had been 1982 – the most brilliant year of 80s pop, in his opinion, the year of ‘Goody Two-Shoes’ and ‘Mirror Man’ and ‘Don’t Go’ – he’d have been having it off with Nige Lambertson and a pilfered bottle of Hendricks in the broom cupboard of Nige’s parents as they hosted their Christmas drinks party. An hour later, after a lot of groping and pawing, he’d have skulked off, back to his parents’ house as they watched some naff Christmas show on telly. They’d greet him amiably, befuddled by his togs and his smeared lippy but wonderfully quiet on the matter, and offer him tea and a biscuit.
"Oh." Sherlock shrugged and slipped his phone into his pocket. "I suppose. If you like that sort of thing."
They'd been driving for more than an hour, and John was aching to see outside. If Sherlock had been with him, he'd have figured where they were headed just by the number and direction of turns the van had taken. John had tried that and had got confused after five minutes. No point in making his head hurt; he'd find out their destination eventually.
"Much better," Sherlock said, almost truthfully. The worst of the lacerations had healed, mostly, even if he was a mess of scabs – they'd fade, the dermatologist had told him, and if they didn't there were measures they could take – but his knee was a foul mess from overstraining it during his imprisonment. He was due for surgery next week. Boring. "Thank you."
Biding his time wasn’t Sherlock's style, but he didn't see anything else for it at present, vexing as that was.
"Could be," John said. "Optic neuritis isn't uncommon after a fall like that. Inflammation can be nasty."
While she waited for the response, she sent a text to Tim, informing him that she'd be stopping by within an hour. Immediately after she sent it, she received a reply from John.
"You have a daughter," John said, half-whispering so that he wouldn't roar. "A nine-year-old daughter. Did you ever stop for one fucking minute to consider that she might be vulnerable?"
"Why don't you just get on with it and tell me what you want?" Benedict sat back, crossed his legs at the knee, and feigned utter boredom.
"Fuck!" John threw the god-damned phone against the wall. Breathing hard, he dragged his hands through his hair and closed his eyes. His chest hurt.
"No idea who those people are, but that's a start." Ben tossed the violin to the sofa and folded his arms, the bow still in one hand. "Go on."
"What happened after the ceasefire?" John asked. "What's this book got to do with now? The Titus painting?"
The day was too warm. Well, it was high summer, evidently, and nearly midafternoon – he'd spent hours watching the programme and some of the vids, and time had just vaporised. Amazing, how much useless telly people watched. Still, they were watching
Sherlock closed his eyes. "Think nothing of it." He really wanted a bath, but the urge to sleep was even stronger.
Sherlock watched the car pull into traffic, its taillights winking red and vanishing into the night, like distant stars. He looked up, but saw only clouds, dark lilac-grey, concealing the heavens.
"Yeah, of course I do. It was only a couple of days ago. But you – you know, you melt down from time to time, throw tantrums, and –" John shook his head. "I can't even believe I'm discussing this with you. Come on, Sherlock, let me go, all right? I just want to read."
Eurus blinked; Violet took it as an encouraging sign. “He said he visited last week and that you played a bit from
He got up, a bit startled at how wobbly his legs felt. "Back in a bit." Tugging his jacket into place, he wove his way to the loo and pushed the door open. He unzipped, had a piss, and washed his hands, staring at his face in the mirror. God, was that a spot on his nose? Wasn't that the cherry on the cake.
Her eyes, full of sorrow, stirred the last of John's compassion, but he couldn't forget why she was leaving, why all this was happening. "How could you have lied to me for so long, Mary?"
Sherlock remembered Kerstin Tresler's description of the people who'd removed the painting. "There was a man, too. Talked like cut glass, Ms Tresler said."
"Yeah," Tom said. "I don't mean to be abrupt, but I'm really tired." His tongue was thick and uncooperative.
Sherlock steam-rolled over Cumberbatch. "If anybody can help, Mycroft can. He does prove himself useful now and then. At the very least, he can go to England's top physicists with the problem. The Centre for Theoretical Physics, possibly. Maybe CERN, I don't know."
John sighed a little and groped for something to fill the mortifying silence. He looked at the X-ray; it almost looked normal – a single skull with only small ridges over the occipital midline, two ears, and what looked like a wide ribcage until one's eyes dropped to the double set of legs. He shuddered in sympathy.
"Stupid," he muttered, and erased it. What the hell was he thinking? It wasn't his problem, not really, and was there anything more tedious than being asked to account for oneself? Not that TWH had asked, specifically, but still. Stupid.
"It's nothing. I tripped. What about it, John – can you recall any instances of that particular toxin?"
Sherlock rose to his feet. "If you'd prefer prison, that's perfectly fine with me. Good day. John –" He turned and drew on one glove.
"Shit!" Mary leapt up and ran into the kitchen just as the smoke alarm went off, shrilling at ear-splitting volume. She grabbed the handle of the smoking pan, threw open the back garden door, and set the pan onto a paving stone. "Shit, shit, shit."
John pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. He had his work, he had Rosie. His colleagues at the surgery had gently encouraged him to start dating. It had been well over a year, and the grief had softened, but he wasn’t ready.
Sherlock slipped the phone into his pocket and washed his hands, stalling for time, staring into the mirror. Tomorrow night would require caution, delicacy, stealth, outright lies if necessary. It couldn't fall apart so quickly.
TWH himself, dressed in a pair of exceedingly brief black running shorts and nothing else. Well, the beginnings of a beard and a broad smile.
John crossed the room and went back to the mantel again, then went to the window. Having to stay confined was a bad idea.
John's voice, like Martin's (or was Martin's like John's?) was soft, easy on the ear. Benedict was reminded of car trips to relatives' places – 'Darling, we're at Gran's. Put your shoes on' – and now, as then, he would have been happy to stay asleep in the cab. It could drive him away and he wouldn't have to cope with this madness any longer.
Mary sighed. "Yeah. I thought that might be the case." A tired, mirthless smile stretched her lips. She'd thought that Sherlock had been the biggest threat to her marriage for so long – Sherlock under the shadowy grey London sky, recklessly pursuing the murderous, the larcenous, the malicious, and never once pausing to look up to examine that shadow. Poor Sherlock. She owed him an apology. "I need a few favours from you, Tim. And that's it. We're done, you and me."
been preparing for wanton carnality, the typical sex-soaked indulgent celebrity escapade if one were to believe tabloid headlines, and considering the clandestine habits of the ordinary non-celebrities he'd encountered, both as clients and criminals, he wouldn't have been at all surprised. He hadn't quite anticipated the foot-massage, nor the solicitous questioning, stupid as it had been.
he wanted to ask. What had Sherlock done, or not done, to provoke this visit? He couldn't trust it. It was transient. The entire experience was transient. That was all right. It was fine. Just a little while would be perfectly fine. He tamped down the delicious flood of possibility that entered his bloodstream in a dizzying rush.
Sherlock gazed at him silently for a moment. He'd changed, John saw, into a t-shirt, pyjama bottoms, and his dark red dressing gown. "I'm perfectly all right, John, but I appreciate your concern."
“My kids are going to Greece,” Greg said. “I’ll probably watch some telly, have a few beers. What about you?”
Sherlock considered a variety of responses regarding TWH's sexual voracity and decided to go with a simple answer. "He's fine."
"Hey yourself. Have you got a goose egg forming back there?" Gently, Martin insinuated his hand beneath Benedict's head. "That was a hell of a fall you took."
"Never mind," Sherlock said. "I'll wash the sheets." He saw a silvered trail on John's cheek. "You're not all right." He sat up, conscious of a dull ache in his back and thighs and a sharper one in his anus. Distantly, he wondered if he'd bled, but mentally waved the thought aside and caught John's hand. "Was it too soon after all?"
"…Katie," Henry said. "The very same. You should have seen her at the end, Tommy. Begging, pleading, promising me anything." Eagerly, predictably, he fumbled with the knot of the rope holding the gag in Tom's mouth and yanked it down when it wouldn't give easily. He pulled the gag out and let it drop to the floor. "What'll you promise me?"
"Please, Henry," Tom whispered. "Whatever's wrong, whatever it is I've done to upset you – I promise you, we can sort it out. Please, pl –" He had no chance to say another word. Henry wadded up a tea towel and stuffed it in Tom's mouth, then bound another length of rope around Tom's head. The fibers cut painfully into his skin. He shook his head wildly, trying to dislodge the gag, but Henry had tied it too tightly. Tears streamed from his eyes and he pleaded for release through the stifling cloth.
Did they believe these stories, these fan fiction writers? He'd never been inclined much toward fiction himself; why lose yourself in the unreal when there was limitless potential in the reality of this world, its uproars and enigmas, its visceral tangibilities and idiosyncrasies? And neither he nor John were capable of such exaggerated and passionate emotion. It wasn't them.
Martin sighed. "Yeah, that's exactly what I'm doing, is having you on. Off with the apron and sit on the sofa before you fall down. Can't think why you'd do an arse-ended – never mind, scratch that. Come on, you're staring and it's starting to get weird."
Tom lifted Sherlock's legs again and got up. His own legs, bare to the very tops of his thighs, were improbably long, slender, but tightly muscled – an athlete's legs. He bent close, and Sherlock found himself imprisoned (and half crushed) by a pair of wiry, very strong arms. "I'm glad you're okay," Tom whispered, and kissed Sherlock's ear. He detached himself and smoothed back Sherlock's hair. "Back in a flash."
Henry struck Tom in the face. "Shut up," he said. "Just shut your fucking mouth for once, can't you?" He bent close. "I mean, good job you worked with a lot of the same people over and over. Branagh. Did you suck his cock? I didn't think he went that way, but hey, who am I to judge?"
Tom closed the door quietly and trotted downstairs. He shrugged on a sweatshirt, found his phone and keys and money clip, thrust them in his pocket, stuck in his earbuds, slipped on his sunnies, and left through the garden door.
"Hm." Moriarty stroked his chin. "I'll bet you'll be able to tell, with really sophisticated technology. All that information out there, just floating around in the ether, and if a number gets scrambled here or there…." He shrugged and smiled. "There might even be an app for that. It'd be awful if it really
"Friendship," John repeated firmly. "That's love, too. There are all sorts of love, Ben. It doesn't have to be about romance, or sex. Okay?" He walked faster, ahead of Benedict.
Sherlock pressed his lips together to stifle another moan, and his eyes flew open as Tom's mouth descended on his.
"One of our doctors pronounced him dead," Mycroft said, clearly nettled at being questioned. "Would you like to examine the body yourself? Would that help your acting career?"
He tidied the rest of the kitchen efficiently, putting things away, sorting the groceries John had apparently bought and left on the floor. Cans and boxes, pasta, rice. More lettuce, cheese, some grapes – it wasn't much the worse for having been left out a few hours.
Though John might have done the same, in slightly less vulgar language. But only slightly. "Yes. I'm fine now."
To meet near or distant relations, old friends, people who knew Mary Morstan as someone else? Annie, for God's sake? What would he say to them? She'd have to give him a crash course on her early life, and Nora would want to know why he didn't already know the proffered information, and it would dredge up so much, Christ
and to turn to see the object running to catch up, to learn more about the intriguing soul who'd suddenly and most unexpectedly captivated them.
"Yeah, it's warm. Well, it is August." Tom stepped closer and gathered Ben close. "You okay? You're all stiff." He bent and kissed salty skin just under Ben's ear, pleased at the little intake of breath he provoked. Boldly, he slipped his hands down to cup Ben's arse, digging his fingers in a bit. "Relax. Kiss me."
“Yep.” Janine nodded triumphantly and took a drink. “God, let’s stop talking about Sherlock Holmes. I’m in the city this week and I haven’t got anyone but those tossers back at the pub to hang out with, and I’m sick of them already. What are you doing tomorrow? I don’t want to intrude on your Christmas plans, but if you fancied a stroll through the shops, I’m free.”
"Look, Sherlock, I – you might not realise it, and God knows neither of us are what you'd call –" John groped for a word. "I don't know. Romantic, or whatever. But I don't – I'm not great at the whole relationship thing. I mean, you've met the women I've dated. Or some of them, at least. Some of them I don't think could handle meeting you."
"I need a drip," Sherlock said through gritted teeth. "My wounds hurt. And I need to know what room John Watson is occupying. Immediately."
"Something else. Whoever was in there was probably a man – traces of fragrance, oud and incense and saffron. I don't know the label, but it's a blend usually marketed to men. Chewing gum, too. Spearmint." Sherlock frowned up at the building.
"Well." Mycroft sat again. "All is not lost. It seems that piece is a –" He pulled his phone out and consulted it. "An Ernst Wilhelm Nay. The Nazi
“Oh, thank you so very much,” Violet replied, oozing acid sweetness. She ignored Sig’s gentle prod of reproach, gathered up the gifts, and marched through the gloomy grey corridor toward Eurus’ room at speed.
"Had a few." Benedict rubbed the length of his thigh. "Have a boyfriend now. We're not out or anything, though." He didn't mention Sherlock being with Tom and their possible sexual exploits.
Sherlock took the champagne amiably and wrestled the cork out without popping it. He poured two glasses and waited for the foam to settle.
John nodded. Stiffly, he picked up his bottle, then hurled it at the opposite wall. Glass shattered and beer sprayed in all directions. "God
The nurse brought an armchair to the side of Mary's bed, and he sat, Nora clinging to him tightly, reminding John that Mary had called her Nora Barnacle when she was tiny because of her mighty grip. Long minutes and the first storm of Nora's grief passed. Only the first storm.
He opened his eyes. No. Still in 221B Baker Street, lying on a lumpy sofa, a musty-smelling, flattened pillow that had given him a knot in his neck beneath him. He sat up, stretching his neck from side to side, and noticed that while he'd slept, John had covered him with a plaid woollen blanket and had removed his shoes. That was nice.
"Photograph it," Sherlock replied. "Unlikely that they'd trouble to hang it – I think this is a way station and no more – but one never knows. We'll split up and meet back here in half an hour. I'll go upstairs, you stay down here. Let me know if you find anything particularly interesting."
"I'm good. Yeah, I'm – look, about that. I have a bit of upsetting news. It seems Ben's suffering some side effects from the shock the other day. Yeah, yeah, I'm afraid so. I had to get him back to hospital yesterday. What? Oh, God, it was sort of – no. Anxiety, agitation, erratic behaviour – really sort of scary. His doctor said they were common side effects, and he's coming home tonight, he's going to be just fine, but they recommend a week of recuperation. I'm afraid that's going to put a dent in your filming schedule. I don't suppose you can work around him for a week?"
"Thank you." Mary let her head fall against the seat and closed her eyes. Just for a minute, until they'd achieved liftoff. Even a ten minute power nap would do wonders.
"Nope," Sherlock said. "So much for Mycroft's grade four surveillance." He broke a piece of bread and buttered it.
Mary bustled into the kitchen, bearing a box from the sweet shop near her office. "How goes it tonight?" She kissed the top of Nora's head and dove in for a brief peck on John's cheek.
Mycroft's car drew up to the kerb at the Richmond Terrace entrance to the Ministry of Defence. "You're certain you wouldn't like a lift?" He stopped short of inviting Sherlock for a late dinner, though God knew Sherlock looked as though he needed a good meal; his face was terribly drawn and pale. Whatever they'd participated in today, the rapprochement between them wasn't yet complete. Perhaps it never would be now.
sake –" If it was that journalist again, he was going to tell her where to go. One shoe in hand, he yanked the door open, glaring.
The door closed in his face. Benedict stood still for a minute, then about-faced and went unsteadily down the stairs.
John was safe, for the moment. Benedict wondered if there was a way to move him beyond the red sights. "It's one of my strong suits."
"Oh." Tom sighed. "Yes, of course. Stupid of me." He sank back against the plush leather seat and closed his eyes.
"You do believe me, though, don't you?" Benedict pleaded in a raspy voice. They'd walked for hours in softly lit Hampstead darkness as he'd told his story, and come back to Benedict's house to drink beer and snack on cheese.
Mary sagged, sighing. "No. Not really. I'm glad you're seeing him again – you've been happier, I can tell. Maybe ease up on the death threat chat, though."
The text sent, he placed the phone gently on the worktop next to Tom's. He shook his head, laughed, and hurried upstairs, to the brilliant warm reality that awaited him.
Mycroft put his hand on Benedict's head, guiding him closer, and then rubbed his thumb over Benedict's lower lip.
?" Jim took a step toward Coddington and bared his teeth. "Did it not occur to you that I might want a bit of a chat before things got going?"
"Absolutely. About seven-thirty?" John asked. "Make sure her homework's completely done, Mary. She's getting lazy with maths. Check it."
"And hope to die?" Moriarty grinned again. "Okay, here goes. You couldn't have known all that unless you've really, really been paying close attention to me. Like,
John stumbled into the bedroom for the kit and came back out, switching on a lamp. "How's the head?"
It was an unwritten rule in show business, but one almost everybody respected stringently, to close ranks on the topic of content in production. If Benedict didn't care for the way a scene was written, he wasn't shy about input, and even if no changes were made to a script, at least he was shown the courtesy of a listening ear. Ultimately, a programme or film belonged to the producers, directors, and writers; the money and glory usually went to the actors, though, which was a pretty fair trade-off. But in return, one didn't complain or express any dissatisfaction about a production in public; people who did usually found their employment prospects dwindling.
Moriarty had threatened her, or John, or Nora, or all three, clearly – that was his modus operandi, never known to fail, and Mary had been susceptible to it. Mary, who was so resourceful, but who had weaknesses no assassin should ever have.
"Fine, thanks." Sherlock stepped over the threshold into organised chaos. Boxes sat everywhere, haphazard on the floor, sitting on furniture, stacked atop each other, numbered, colour-coded, and labelled.
"Ah. Good." Sherlock scanned her up and down. "Is there, erm…is there anything I can do to help? Something to eat? Cold compress?"
Lady FitzSimmons clutched her handbag tighter and pushed past Sherlock, just close enough to – yes, perfect. She marched toward an unfussy black sedan. The driver waited beside the car – clearly a hired driver from a limousine service, judging from the plates and the lack of concern for his passenger's security. "He certainly wouldn't permit
No, that wasn't quite right. He'd scanned some of the stories on the train – Doyle's story had been called
She reached up and traced a slim finger down his cheek. "I think I would enjoy teaching you a thing or two, Mr. Holmes."
"She does," Moriarty said. "Years now. But I can tell you she doesn't come cheap. Competent help rarely does. You know," he added, leaning forward confidentially, "you probably shouldn't have told Johnny-boy about her little moonlighting gig. Might have saved you both some grief, huh?"
"Well? What about it?" The arms tightened fractionally about Sherlock's upper body and there was a deep nasal inhalation, a drawing-in of scent. "'Cos I missed you, you know."
Sherlock arranged his appointment, two weeks and four days away, first thing in the morning and then caught a cab, instructing the driver to head to Bart's. He sat back, allowing himself to brood. Stupid traitorous bodies; today was the first obvious step, he supposed, along the long, slow, inevitable slide into decay. Not that he'd ever expected to live long enough to see dodgy knees, grey hair, a bad back, any of that rubbish. Soon enough he'd have to have his trousers let out to accommodate continence pants – no, the day that happened, he'd check out.
Benedict went into the corridor and back into the front room. Two other paramedics and a police officer in a City uniform scrutinised him carefully. "Hello," he said.
, didn't she?" Mycroft got to his feet. "Why did you protect her – for John? What in God's name –" He heaved an impatient breath. "I admit that I underestimated him. We – no-one expected him to flee the limelight, since he so obviously craved it desperately. I had no idea of the extent of his patience. I accept responsibility for that. But I thought…I thought you would be diverted, if you looked for him…."
Ice flooding his limbs, John stood and glanced back over his shoulder, where Nora slept on. He tiptoed into the corridor and closed the door. "Tell me." Dr Choudhury pressed her lips together, and that gesture, tiny as it was, told.
"It's me." Benedict held Tom away for a moment. "Let me look at you. Christ, you look fucking amazing."
More time passed. Just as Sherlock was about to hurl boatloads of invective despite a head that felt as though someone had cut it off, stuffed it full of tiny icicles and miniature cymbals and cannonballs and tossed it down a flight of stairs, a door creaked open and he heard deliberate footsteps coming toward him, leather soles gritting against the concrete floor.
"Congratulations, you idiot!" Molly said, shaking her head. Then she laughed. "Gosh, you know how to make a girl feel good."
He caught it deftly and scrutinised it. It was an address book, cheap blue leatherette cover. Opening it, he paged through the book, inspecting the names and addresses written with blue ink in a flowing, feminine penmanship. The names were overwhelmingly male, the addresses scattered across the globe. Many of them had outdated postal codes and places; he saw an address for Zanzibar, one for Rhodesia, two in Czechoslovakia. The majority of the names and addresses seemed to date from the late 1950s, though the ink used throughout was consistent. "Your mother's handwriting?" he inquired.
"Clever." John leant forward and kissed Mary's mouth. "All right. I'll keep it. And I want you to find a decent tailor."
And the furtive way John had stuffed the papers into his pocket – guilty, and the way his eyes searched Sherlock's now, a bit anxious, likely hoping Sherlock hadn't seen the gesture…ah. John Watson had become a racing aficionado. Chelmsford City racecourse, in Essex, a bit out of the way and not one of the smarter courses, less likely to run into colleagues or friends. Sherlock glanced down at John's hands, new depressions and indentations, signs of stress. He'd traded one sort of gambling for another.
"You'll set yourself on fire," the man said in clear amusement, and crouched down, extending a lighter.
"It's perfect. I've pulled the lasagna out and the bread's in the oven. We should be ready to go in just a moment. Nora!" Mary called. "Come on down, love, we're about to eat!" She smiled at them both. "Want to bring the lasagna in, John? I'll get the salad and vino. Sherlock, have a seat anywhere – we don't stand on ceremony."
"It's an injection in the knee," Sherlock replied with enormous hauteur. "I very much doubt I'm going to faint in the taxicab."
Sherlock took a deep breath and plunged. "John – don't go. Don't move. It would be disruptive for Eleanor, don't you think? And you – you'd miss London terribly."
John's proximity was maddening, but Sherlock forbore from saying so, and willed his erection down, trying to think of something sweet and tender to say and coming up blank. He could reprise part of his best man’s speech, as that had contained every drop of his heart's blood and then some, but the timing might be off, and John would probably remember at least some of it, even paraphrased. Could be awkward.
“You always have been.” John grasped Sherlock’s arm and pulled him in for a quick kiss. “Happy Christmas. Idiot.”
Sherlock said nothing, but stared down at his knees. The handle of the knife slipped obligingly into his palm.
and it wasn't a fucking set in Cardiff, there was traffic and running water, and John was there, John fucking Watson –" Benedict drew a breath, only dimly aware that he was crying. "And I was in a London I thought we'd invented, do you understand? It's not the Doyle canon as it was written, it's mostly a figment of Steven and Mark's imagination, and he looks like
Stifling a shudder, he remembered the kiss he'd given Benedict, the passionate declaration. He couldn't do that again, and all at once he wondered if he'd only summoned the courage because he'd known, on some level, that it wasn't really Sherlock he was kissing and addressing. It was a soul-shrivelling thought, but it made sense. Sherlock would have stopped John cold if he'd begun to tell him he loved him, never mind actually kissing him.
"You…oh, Sherlock." John reached out and grasped Sherlock's hands, then kissed him back. He pulled Sherlock close, holding his body tight, tighter, until his arms hurt and he was sure Sherlock could scarcely breathe, but he couldn't let him go. Sherlock didn't protest; he opened his mouth for John's kiss, yielding to him, then kissing back just as hungrily. At last, John drew back. Sherlock's eyes blazed. His mouth was full and wet. "Sherlock, how long…how long have you…." He couldn't bring himself to ask the question; he wasn't even sure what the question was.
Nora was tired, glassy-eyed on the ride home. Too weary even to chirp about her lesson, she leant against John's arm, the damp ends of the hair sticking out of her cap darkening John's parka.
been pretty. They were beautiful things, and clearly beautifully made. It wasn't who they were, though – he hoped Mary saw that. "This'll last forever, though," he said, tapping the blue book.
The house had three storeys. The ground floor had that musty cheerless air of chambers that were viewed not used, and the rooms were alternately paeans to Empire stiffness and Victorian bad taste and were blessedly empty. The two upper floors, their galleries accessible by means of a ponderous stone staircase, were bedrooms, sitting rooms, servants' rooms, and were also deserted. Briefly Sherlock wondered if Henry had managed to dispatch Tom already, but given the anger and wariness in his voice when Sherlock had mentioned sending the police out, he thought not.
"Disregard," John said. It didn't matter, none of it, not right now. Ruminating was only going to distract him. He needed to focus and get Sherlock out. "Any movement?"
"You shouldn't have trusted him to keep his mouth shut. He told your young friend, didn't he? And by the time you realised what was happening, it was too late. Think of the loss – probably millions of pounds of art, all with flea market bills of sale, or smuggled in suitcases, or concealed behind other pieces. And the other names in here," Sherlock said, patting his pocket, "other hiding places, more people to intimidate. And whoever it was is still profiting. They let you live as long as you didn't talk about it, and acted as a way station, and they reaped millions in private sales. You've got nothing to gain by protecting them, and everything to lose."
"Front door, are you fucking joking?" John kept his voice to a whisper but pointed above his head in a stabbing, emphatic gesture. "What if whoever that is happens to look at his car or whatever?"
Greg turned on the radio and heard some pop star he didn’t know mangling ‘Silent Night’ to an electronic beat. It wasn’t a patch on Band Aid, that was certain. And it wasn't the 80s anymore, but he wasn't bloody decrepit, was he?
"Got it off? Good." John dried his hands and knelt on the carpet in front of Sherlock. "Here, give it to me." Sherlock handed the crumpled bandage over. "You've got to roll it properly first," John said, demonstrating. "Nice and tight. Okay, straighten your leg, but not completely. Does it hurt?"
John scowled, but got up and retrieved the pack and lighter, setting them on the coffee table. "You know, you'd have an easier time breathing if you cut back a bit."
"If you're asking how I knew his address, however," Moran added, "you must remember that I was once privy to a great deal of sensitive information. I might have come down in the world, but I haven't eradicated all that information entirely."
"I might have done," John said, and shook his head again. "I can't – this is just too weird, I'm sorry."
Sherlock turned his head and looked Henry in the eye, feigning loss of focus. He squinted, frowned, and mumbled behind the tape.
"I'm afraid I've lost my appetite," Mycroft said. Two hectic splashes of pink still stained his cheeks. "I'm not feeling well."
Tom picked up his pace. He remembered the paparazzi shots of them coming from lunch together. The photos had been totally innocuous; they hadn't been standing close together, there were no glances of complicity, no public displays of affection, but the knowledge that they'd been watched, staked out even, had been beyond unsettling. Benedict had insisted on takeaway the next few weeks, and Tom had taken to looking over his shoulder for telephoto lens flashes. He didn't mind the fans – Benedict did, sometimes, because they'd become a bit nuts, a few of them at least, and obviously it wasn't on to tar everyone with the same brush, but most people were respectful. The paps, on the other hand – stalking, chasing, shouting dog's abuse – yeah, it was the price of fame, but it was
"Sherlock!" Mycroft thundered, and Sherlock looked up at him, startled. Only then did Mycroft truly see Sherlock's countenance – not the aftereffects of the severe beating he'd received, for perversely, Moriarty hadn't damaged his face – but the new dark smudges beneath his eyes, the dreadful hollows of his cheeks, all too suggestive of the skull beneath the skin, the lack of vivacity that permeated not just his face, but his entire body and spirit.
TWH conceded, but ordered Sherlock bottles of still and sparkling water and made him drink from each. He also cajoled the waiter into bringing more bone marrow on toast and watched sternly as Sherlock ate. Finally the main courses arrived, and Sherlock sat in silence, tuning out the chatter around him.
He glanced at TWH, who was sitting straight, staring out into traffic, his knuckles white on the steering wheel. "That went south rather quickly. The food wasn't spectacular, though, so I suppose it doesn't matter," Sherlock ventured, trying for some levity.
Sherlock's face softened for a moment, then slid back into its cold, impervious mask. "Did Mycroft sort everything out?"
"No." Mary lifted the cover from a large box. Atop a sizeable stack of clothing was a raspberry-coloured velvet dress with a dainty white lace collar.
There was a pause. The ellipsis flashed, then stopped, then flashed again. It stopped. Greg waited, chuckling.
They were alike in many ways, he and his wee daughter. He leant over and gave her a kiss on her warm temple, smelling faintly of chlorine, and she smiled at him, forgiving his faults.
"Come on." Tugging on Sherlock's hand, Tom led Sherlock down the corridor and into a bedroom, much smaller than Cumberbatch's, and less stuffy. The bed, a tarnished brass, was made up with a duvet of what looked like a dozen different embroidered sari textiles in blue and green, the walls were papered in blue and yellow stripes, and the long curtains at the windows, parchment-coloured silk, blew gently in a faint breeze. Clothes and books littered the room; Tom nudged a pile off the bed and drew back the duvet and top sheet.
"Oh, darling, I think you're still a bit shaken, aren't you? Come here." She caught his hand and drew him close, embracing him. Reluctantly, he encircled her in his arms. She smelled nice, a pretty accord of citrus, white flowers, and musk. "I'm worried about you," she whispered against his throat.
John's stomach did a funny flip-flop. "Cheers," he said, and took a large swallow of what was probably the loveliest wine he'd ever drunk. He wondered how much the bottle had cost. "Well. Let's dig in, shall we?" He served generous portions and everyone began to eat.
Flailing, Sherlock had complained to Molly. "He's ignoring me. I must have made him angry." Maybe it was the text about Moriarty, though Sherlock wasn't about to mention that to Molly. Surely John would have wanted to know, though?
Kate drove away, easing smoothly onto the motorway and accelerating. She turned on the radio and listened to something syrupy, pretty – Debussy, maybe – nothing Irene would have liked. Irene preferred the crystalline perfection of baroque music, its symmetry and seamlessness.
Wouldn’t it be a turn-up if he showed up in just a little bit of eyeliner? No, not tonight. Maybe another time.
Sherlock lifted his hands in the air. There were several items close to hand that he might employ as weapons, but he was too far away from the man to use anything effectively.  The forceps, perhaps, flung with speed and precision. He moved closer to the table. "I'm not armed."
Nevertheless, John stayed put, frozen, the feeling of Sherlock's arms around him too exquisite to take in properly. And then his cock started to twitch.
"A plot to get Bilbo's wealth." They had read the trilogy once before, a few years ago, and she'd read it on her own twice.
"That's not funny at all," Benedict snapped. He paced the length, then the breadth of the room, stepping over the man's crossed ankles. "How long was I out?"
Benedict hesitated, then went back to scraping out his dish. "That's none of your business," he said, hoping a snotty answer would cover any ambiguity.
Now they had this entire small jet to themselves, the very lap of luxury. Their hotel suite in Barcelona was theirs for a month, ample time to find a flat. John had arranged for an agency in Barcelona to send a number of bilingual au pairs for interviews during their stay. Even Nora's therapy was on track – Maria, her therapist, had agreed to video sessions once a week.
"She was lying on the floor," Sherlock said. "She might have tripped on the dress. She had that bruise on her chin, consistent with a fall."
"He's fine. We caught the stalker. Tom is absolutely fine. Benedict – you said you'd help me if you could. I need you to help John." Sherlock swallowed audibly. "Please."
He didn't wait long. Before half an hour had elapsed, John came back into the parlour, skirting Benedict's chair by a good margin, and seated himself on the sofa. He regarded Benedict in silence for a bit, and then took a deep breath. "Benedict Cumberbatch."
John waited until he heard the soft click of the closing door, and then breathed again. He waited a few more minutes, then set to tidying the kitchen, turning the dishwasher on, putting away leftover food, wiping up crumbs. He emptied the rubbish bin of its bag and took it to the large bin in the back garden; Nora would never see the photo, and she'd been taught not to open anything not addressed to her. Of course, if whatever lunatic who'd sent this mailed something to her – well, John would simply have to monitor the post, that was all.
John studied Sherlock's face. "You must have hated that," he said, keeping his voice benign. He'd had lots of time to consider his friend's quirks of personality, even when he was furious with Sherlock. There hadn't been much permanence in Sherlock's life when it came to friends; he'd pushed most of them away, sometimes deliberately, sometimes inadvertently. Sherlock wasn't easy to take, even when he wasn't actively insulting. It seemed as if he'd mellowed, a bit, but maybe that was just what passed for uncertainty with Sherlock Holmes. People didn't change much, in John's experience; they just became more themselves, and no matter how lonely somebody was, loneliness wasn't an excuse for rudeness or cruelty.
There it was. Silently, she screwed her suppressor into her Glock and fished out the key she'd had cut. A television was flickering in the front room, and a human-shaped shadow shifted, slumping down further in a sofa. Mary went round to the back garden, climbed the fence, and sprayed silicone lubricant on the hinges before fitting the key into the lock. She pulled down her balaclava, swung the door open, and stepped over the threshold.
"Obviously." Sherlock felt good enough not to take any more jabs at Mycroft, his pompous, self-righteous, priggish, annoying brother. He wondered what would happen if he were to grab Mycroft and hug the stuffing out of him. No, he'd save it for another day when Mycroft was
Sherlock dug his phone from his coat pocket and began texting rapidly. "Better than I'd hoped. First of all, it gave Mycroft ample time to get the alarm disabled. Second, she just told us that Moran's nickname isn't commonly used among friends, so the man in the Derry house was either a family member or a really intimate friend. I'm betting on family. Third –" Sherlock finished his text and produced a key from his other pocket. "I stole the front door key from Lady FitzSimmons' coat pocket." Sherlock's phone buzzed.
"I always thought it was curious that you were never able to identify the individual who shot you at point-blank range," Mycroft said, and slipped the stick back into his pocket. "It's interesting that you chose to protect her then, and that you're choosing to protect her now. What is she to you, Sherlock?"
him – and Tom curled up to protect himself. The urge to vomit flared again, but he swallowed, tears clouding his eyes, and cried out. "Henry – please –"
---Benedict Cumberbatch, London Theatre Guide, Q&A. Boring. Dull. Pushed a little girl offstage. Hm.
What the hell was all this, anyhow? Moriarty was angry because he thought Sherlock harboured a thing for John? It made a crazy kind of sense; Jim Moriarty was the very definition of obsessive, luring Sherlock into those games, playing with lives because he was bored, but surely he didn't desire Sherlock that way. He didn't seem…well, he'd never given much thought to Moriarty's sexuality, which was probably for the best.
"You've got two choices for supper – creamy chicken and veg over rice, or teriyaki chicken and veg over rice."
, at least," Jim snarled. "Go on, get out. I can manage." He drew his Glock – sexy little thing – out of his pocket and caressed it before repocketing it.
It had to be a prank. The letters, the kidnapping, all of it. They'd all played practical jokes on each other in uni, at RADA – clothes and papers stolen whilst the victim was in the shower, mashed potatoes in the bed, door handles switched, taping car doors shut with metres and metres of gaffer tape – other stupid, adolescent stuff. They'd moved beyond it for the most part, but every so often something would happen – a year ago Tom had received nearly twenty hard-core pornographic magazines in the post along with polite requests for final payment to complete his subscriptions – Graham had been responsible for that one. This had to be a joke. Henry had been almost jovial about the whole thing.
"Come on. Bring the package." Sherlock turned and moved quickly – relatively – past the study, where a lamp glowed golden, making the room friendly and inviting, and toward the massive front door. He opened it carefully, ushered John through, and closed it as silently as he could. Hurrying down the steps, he made a beeline past the black Mercedes SUV in the circular drive and broke into a run, ignoring the protesting of his knee.
"Oh, but it is. It really is." Moriarty settled back into his chair. "Want to hear something funny? We didn't know it when we moved in here, but there are seven bodies buried in this cellar. Found them almost by accident. Must have been the mid-80s, because everything was still pret-ty smelly, if you follow, but by the looks of their clothes they were squaddies. The orange kind. Oh, the Troubles, the Troubles." He exaggerated his accent, shaking his head in mock regret. "You think their mothers miss them?"
