Steve blinked at him. Was Tony having a stroke? Should he be calling an ambulance? Did people talk about Scandinavia when they had strokes? Quickly, Steve ended his own call and hurried up the stairs to help usher Tony back to bed.
Tony continued without so much as acknowledging him. “I got into Preston’s university email and found his personal account,” he said, referring to the third victim, then finally opened the laptop to reveal what was clearly a dating site profile page.
. All at once, Steve’s body was keyed up in a very unexpected way, and it didn’t help that he could hear each of the soft, inviting sounds Tony made as he dropped into his hotel bed and pulled his blankets up around him to get cozy.
Jane was the first of the other officers to speak up, albeit very quietly. “Lieutenant Tony Stark,” she said, struggling to control the tremble in her voice. “Are you saying that ...he’s been thawed? Crossbones is free?”
Thor frowned, his pleasant expression suddenly dark and grave. “Do you take me for an imbecile, Stark?”
Steve let go of Tony’s hips to grab a fistful of Tony’s hair and jerk his head back, forcing him into a backbend. Tony’s mouth fell open with a wincing gasp of pain, and Steve capitalized on the opportunity to force four fingers into Tony’s exposed mouth. Tony gagged and sucked down around his fingers in his surprise, and it was enough to plug up the noises Tony had been making.
Steve strode across the bullpen, smirking at his good fortune. “I heard every word, Detective.”
Steve caught the chain and planted his feet. With one firm pull, he plucked the rider clean off and threw him into the marble walls of Taco Bell. The bike veered off uncontrollably into the truck, and from out of the shadows five more figures rushed after it. Steve took off in a dead sprint to intercept them when a series of explosions blew two tires and the side door off the truck.
What was meant to be a quick teasing video nearly brought Tony to tears. At first the plan was about giving Steve a good show and nothing else. Tony tried to keep his head clear by taking intermittent breaks from that aggressively well designed toy. He’d pull all the way off the shaft, reaching back to bare his well fucked hole for Steve through the mirror, but soon those brief respites were not enough. He alternated between jerking off with a surging need or grinding his palm against his cock to stave off the inevitable.
, but I’m trying to get some new stuff going. Director of ‘branding,’ basically, has opened up, and if I can prove to my boss—who loves me, by the way, that’s very important—that I can write for men
“Mr. Rogers, this is Anthony Stark. He will be representing Mrs. Hansen’s husband in the case.”
For a short time, only silence answered him. Then, little by little, Tony became aware of a whispering sound cutting through the darkness from above.
“Mom, it’s
“Listen to me, you bitch,” Hansen snapped, “I want my money; I earned that money! I had a promising modeling career, a future in science, and I gave it up for that man. I am not going to wind up a twenty-six year old mother of three with nothing to show for my time just because you didn’t prepare a better case!”
“Where do you live?“ Stephanie asked, more curious than Tony ever could have imagined a Woman being in anything he said. His pleasant surprised was short-lived, however, and he shifted uncomfortably. What would she know of the way men had to live? To her, a humble home might be a countryside house, or a cottage hidden in the woods.
“Tony, I’ve got some bad news,” Steve said with a quiet sigh. “Naser’s aunt hasn’t come to pick him up, so I’m staying with him until she gets here.”
It didn’t matter how many showers he took, Tony never felt clean. His skin felt too small for his body, itchy and dry no matter what vitamins he took or lotion he used. The discomfort was a constant distraction; nothing felt right. He would hug his mother even though it felt stifling and irritating, he would smile and shake hands even though his face ached and his fingers wanted to curl into protective fists. But he was Tony Stark. If he couldn’t keep up a charade, who could?
“Forty—Steve!”
Tony all but glared at the doctor at that, then with slow, exact enunciation, he said,“They are.”
“I’m convinced he was alive when he was alive,” Steve agreed after some quiet reflection. “But I’m not convinced he was alive the whole time.”
“Eight today,” Steve was telling him as he adjusted the position of harvesting machine, lining the arm up to Tony’s ass. It had a wide, rounded lip like a shoe-horn that Steve eased into Tony’s ass to keep him spread open as each new canister was loaded into him. As the first one slid into place and started fucking Tony from behind, Steve slipped the sleeve over Tony’s cock and strapped it into place.
To give Tony’s sixth sense a wide berth, Steve cleared his throat and hummed in the affirmative to indicate he was ready. “Got it.”
Steve stared at the cheese plate Tony had prepared and tried to parse out what that information could mean outside of Tony’s blind faith in their Governor.
More than money or sleep, he treasured that notebook. Maybe he’d even show it to Tony one day.
“Great!” she said with a toothy smile, “because people are stupid and think that pulling out is as safe as pro-fil-acts.”
The interruption left Tony breathless and mildly dazed. He leaned up on one elbow to see what Steve moved away to do. This wasn’t the first time they had laid together in bed for long stretches of time, kissing each other breathless while their hands roamed, familiar and all the more eager for it. Still, Tony suspected he’d never tire of watching Steve getting ready to prepare him, from the care he insisted on taking with every step, to the look of concentration in his eyes. The movement of the copious lube between Steve’s long, strong fingers was absolutely hypnotic, and Tony was so nearly swept away staring at his fingers that the first touch of Steve’s hand left him gasping for breath in surprise.
“Call me Steve,” the Captain told him then. “Captain Steve sounds weird.”
“I believe the accepted masculine term is sartor, or tailor,” Tony corrected gently, but he must have sensed some tension in Steve’s tone, because he spun around on his heel to avoid eye-contact and busied himself folding the sweater up to put it away somewhere.
“Why—why, what? Who hunts pigs?”
Steve was finished with his midterms by Tuesday, 1pm. He had nowhere to go. Nobody was waiting to celebrate the end of midterms with him, nobody was waiting to hold him after days apart. Steve adored his friends and they each had their place in his life, but Tony had a knack for making even the worst test feel like a victory. At the very least, he would say it was
“A foster family took me in when I was two. I was sick with a lot of stuff, and it became too much trouble, so they gave me back. That became the pattern, I was placed with, well. Until I was eight. I could breathe better by then, but I was small, and I got into fights in school. Once I was ten, eleven, families wouldn’t really want me. Then, I came out when I was fifteen. That was a nightmare. So, I ran away. I was homeless for almost three years,” he added before Tony had to ask. “It wasn’t so bad when I was younger, I could sleep in youth shelters pretty regularly. They’d always find a space for a fifteen year old, a sixteen year old. But at seventeen, you’re practically an adult, there’s no special treatment. There’s really only one thing you can do then, and it got bad, for a time. Winters, especially.”
“He’s only ‘better’? You’re practically glowing, pal. What kind of magic dick does this Steve have?”
“They know?” he asked carefully, and Steve made it a point to smile back at him.
Steve blinked and looked at him, blushing in a way Tony imagined only polite farm boys could. “We?”
So why did he feel like such a hypocrite?
“Don’t you think we should ask Tony first?”
Clark’s sudden smile was like a dawning sun. “Did you talk?”
“I—I can’t,” Tony repeated, and he was so agitated that he couldn’t seem to decide where to put his hands; first on his hips, then crossed at his chest, then gesturing wildly at the magic Steve had created, until finally he pushed his fingers through his hair with a long whine. “I, I don’t eat sweets. Weight loss diet.”
happened.”
“No pockets, huh?” Tony teased as they finally emerged to rejoin the party. They were just making their way back as they realized Sam and Sharon were standing at a podium in front of the whole crowd.
The fog lifted and he sprinted after Steve, his parents shouting after them in his wake. Tony got out on the porch just in time to see Steve pulling away in their rental truck, pulling out and speeding away into the approaching night.
Slowly, his breathing calmed and his mind cleared. Carefully, without moving the rest of his body, Tony tried wiggling his foot. He couldn’t gain an inch any way he tried, the damn root held - but at least the worst of the pain was already subsiding. With a little luck, nothing was broken.
“Dad, I wasn’t—”
Tony was mulling over the depressing paradox of how a relationship could feel so stable and yet so fleeting when Steve spoke.
He felt Steve’s quiet huff of a laugh before he heard it, but there was no hesitation. The bed dipped as Steve crawled closer, and without opening his eyes, Tony turned onto his back and puckered his lips.
Despite Tony’s weight settled comfortably on his torso, Steve sat up in one smooth, effortless lift and caught Tony in his arms. He would likely live to regret it, but the risk of aggravating his injuries was worth the sudden shiver that ran through Tony’s body and the wanton glint in his eyes when Steve laid his hands on Tony’s hip and lower back, braced his weight, and stood.
NOMAD FOR PRESIDENT 2020
Without knowing the voice, Steve jolted upright and wiped at his wet face with his shaking hands in the vain hope that she wouldn’t realize he’d been crying.
Steve waited for Tony to follow Bruce out of the kitchen so he could vent at the rest of the original team who were gathered in the kitchen, but instead of following Bruce’s obvious lead, Tony came over to see what Steve was doing by the oven.
Steve wasn’t sure if his ears were playing tricks on him, or if he’d genuinely heard the suggestion that Tony was on the market. His heart skipped a beat, and distantly, Steve hoped and prayed and wished he wasn’t already sweating in his premature excitement.
“What about her?” he suggested, a little louder than necessary while pointing at a nearby girl who was having a great time dancing with her friends. “She looks like a free spirit.”
“It’s—no, don’t let me—”
By the third morning, the abrupt change in Tony’s routine left him aching to come. Every morning he begged for release until Steve fed him from his cock, placating Tony despite his frustrated misery. At night, if Steve was away or unable to come again, Tony rubbed off against the cushions of their nest until he fell asleep.
“I think someone’s coming—”
“You also drink extra hot grande chai tea lattes with 3 pumps, skim milk, no foam?” he wondered, regarding the cup with a thoughtful smile. “Is that a coincidence?”
“I guess I should thank you for unveiling the secret here with us,” Carol teased him after a needed hug. “I couldn’t have asked for better publicity, people will be talking about the Initiative for weeks because of you.”
Listen, I like Rumlow (and Rumlow/Sharon) about as much as you do (maybe even less!). We'll be back on an even keel after ch. 3, I promise.
Rhodey tore down the improvised bridge Tony created out of Steve’s bedroom door. Tony learned his lesson; it just wasn’t the lesson Rhodey intended. That night, Tony was back on that ledge scaring the life out of Steve one more time as he jumped the two meter gap between two fifth-storey balconies into Steve’s waiting arms. The next morning, Steve’s second bedroom door met a similar fate as its partner, but this time Tony showed Steve how to put the door back in its place so there’d be no material evidence left of their ill-advised tryst.
“You have apologized. You’ve explained what happened. You’ve made meaningful changes in your life,” Steve listed, making a sincere effort to speak slowly and calmly, but he couldn’t ease his grip of his dog tags. “Sweetheart, there is nothing else I could ask of you. God help me, but I still love you, Tony. I think I always will. I only need you to promise me you won’t keep anything about your health or our relationship from me again.”
“What’s the difference?”
PREACH!
, Steve had only laid out one toy. Tony tried not to look disappointed, but the damn thing wasn’t even particularly intimidating, it was a run of the mill beaded glass dildo with a gentle curve in the shaft.
Steve swallowed down the shame and hurt before they got the better of him. With his chin level and his shoulders squared, he strode into the party like he owned the place, meeting the eyes of the few who felt entitled enough to look down their noses at him. All he’d intended to do at this party was catch Brock alone so that they could talk. That was all he’d planned to do, and not even these conniving elitists were going to get in his way.
Steve turned after his voice like a flower searching for the sunshine, and rather than waiting for Tony to push his way past the six women watching Steve stack chairs, he politely excused himself to see Tony.
“No! No, no, and—absolutely not,” Tony insisted in a rush, because that wasn’t a mistake he was willing to make twice. “Your boyfriend is disgusting and has
“That was genius!” Josh bubbled over with glee. “What’d he say, don’t bully Captain America’s husband? Something like that.”
“Steve? You need to get down here.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but he said nothing. He stepped away briefly to shrug out of his jacket and toss it over the nearest piece of furniture, then he kicked off his shoes, too, for good measure.
“Tony, what you’re asking… it’s humiliating,” Steve mumbled under his breath. When he didn’t continue, Tony relaxed his grip of Steve’s chin but instead gently cupped Steve’s face in his hands. Gently, he pressed his forehead against Steve’s and waited.
That's the image I can't get out of my head: Tony sucking on Steve's balls just a little too aggressively, hungrily, sloppily, dripping spit, while looking right up into his eyes, Steve still choking in disbelief and staring at Tony with wonder, while Tony is jerking Steve off over his own face. Tony looking up at Steve until Steve comes all over his face. Tony would moan heavily around his balls when Steve finally comes, and as Steve is coming off his high Tony finally releases them, lazily sucking open kisses to catch all his excess spit, then lapping the length of his softening cock base to tip, maybe even taking it softly into his mouth for the very last of his come. And when Steve's thighs really start quivering dangerously, and he's whimpering from too much stimulation, Tony releases him. Draws a thumb through the come across his face and purposefully catches Steve's eye as he sucks it clean. It's just burned into my thoughts. that eye contact. the Want.
Steve pouted down at the clean load of laundry he’d just thrown into the dryer, as if it would somehow yield answers to life’s craziest riddles. What level of Hell did sons who wished their mothers butted out of their lives end up in, for example?
The tension started to ease away, and the pressure deep inside him started to build into a consuming pleasure. Tony’s quiet, occasional whimpers of discomfort grew into soft, insistent moans, and as they grew more eager and needful, Steve pulled away from Tony’s lips and straightened. Without the constraint on his position, Steve took Tony’s other leg by the ankle, and bore down on Tony with newfound intent.
“I kill wolves with my hooves, and I can tear through your arm with one bite. I’m not afraid of you,” Clint retorted coolly. “This can be peaceful, or you can suffer severely, but I’m staying either way.”
“You’re helping me do this, right?” Bucky called as Steve turned to leave the living room, not asking for his help as much as he was asking for support in this vulnerable moment of realizing how expensive it was to be a woman.
For a long time, Tony only stared back at him.
Tony rolled his eyes, then reached back to pull one of Steve’s hands off his ass. “You asked me to please
Bucky shoveled one heaping spoonful into his mouth. One bite, and his droopy eyes lit up with renewed life.
“I don’t care.”
“Is that so?” he said after a pause. “Got a way to get there, too?”
“That’s not fair,” Tony complained at the same time as Steve said, “He would be an engineer, programmer maybe?”
“Almost,” Steve agreed without having to count. Some things you just knew, like how Valentine’s Day was days away, and how the six-month anniversary of their first date would land on the Ides of March. Steve wasn’t a superstitious man, but some coincidences were better than others.
Tony nodded slowly as he tried to understand what Steve meant. “Does that make you feel alone, Steve Rogers?” he wondered. “Would it help if I stayed with you?”
When the door closed behind her, Tony bowed his head and hid his face against Steve’s shoulder. “I am so sorry,” he whispered. “She won’t touch you, Steve. Nobody will hurt you, I promise.”
The most challenging part of his excursion was to convince Steve to join him. He had initially balked at the idea - flying with a private jet to Geneva, staying in a suite for well over five thousand a night, and then running away to some resort in the alps was too far out of Steve’s financial comfort zone. Tony finally had to reframe his question and tell Steve how uncomfortable these situations made him. Sure, he could put on a show better than anyone, but that didn’t mean the performance came easily. It was exhausting and isolating, and if Tony could come back to Steve at the end of the day, Steve would help him in ways money never could.
Clint laughed, and a moment later he shut the fridge and turned to grin at Steve over the counter full of steak and colorful vegetables. “He looks like a different person, doesn’t he?”
“Oh, fuck you,” he muttered through a grin once he got it. “You two shits deserve each other.”
A dozen men and women were already seated at the Governor’s table when Steve and Tony arrived. With a subtle nod from his assistant, Governor Pierce stood to greet them.
“God, don’t remind me,” Tony shuddered involuntarily. “I’m never forgiving you for setting me up with him, I hope you know that. All I want is a regular guy, it’s not that complicated. Someone who’ll randomly bring me pizza and squeeze my ass now and then. Is that too much to ask for?”
“This isn’t funny! This is too good to be true, you know it is—”
Nothing stopped the Mayor from taking what had been willingly offered to him. The chief priest’s body was his to use, and Brigid’s attendants his to command. Newfound power brewed into momentary delirium. A chance to taint a body so sacred, so exquisite, to claim him for his own and take what was offered to him without remorse. He could throw the chief priest to the altar and order his twelve attendants restrain him there, spread his legs and bare him to Torin’s depravity. But Torin would not satisfy Brigid in a matter of seconds or minutes. This ritual was an extended act of worship on her mortal form where Torin proved himself worthy of leadership. Proved himself worthy by surrendering his human vice and gluttonous lust in the face of divine temptation to serve the hundreds waiting in the audience to see the appetite of their patron goddess satisfied.
Steve didn’t like the sound of that (or anything, really) getting between them and their relationship, and instinctively he closed the distance between them and burrowed into Tony’s open embrace.
Steve smiled at her before turning to look at Clint, where he sat in his saddle already, waiting for Tony to get ready. “What are you guys even doing?”
He packed up his laptop and notes then huddled into his leather jacket before joining Maria out of Hastings Hall. They walked in that stilted awkward silence of people who
Tony walked to the closet, opened the doors, and pulled down a Murphy wall-bed.
“You’re not secretly Arlene’s dad or anything?”
He pulled the boxes out of his pocket then, and, carefully, balanced them on the wide rim of the tub.
“Bucky?”
“You should hold it from the corner,” a stranger’s voice said from Tony’s other side, and they both turned to see a woman no older than them smiling back. “Hey, sorry,” she said, “couldn’t help but overhear. I ate that last time I was here and I thought the same thing, but it’s really great. It’s easier than you’d expect.”
Steve snorted in a burst of unexpected laughter. The audience howled with amusement and Tony bit his lip to temper his own bark of laughter into poorly contained giggling. Even Graham rolled over in his seat so the cameras wouldn’t catch him cackling on national television.
“I told them I could take it.”
Tony licked his lips without taking his eyes off of Steve. “And then when?” he whispered, grinding his teeth against the pitiful tone he hadn’t meant to share.
“They will fit like a dream,” she promised as he lifted them out of the box. “American made—hand made—two tone crocodile and ostrich leather. These are a statement piece that will impress without being too loud.”
“I think you mean doe-eyes,” Steve corrected primly, then dropped the act with a shrug and a resigned half-smile. “Who knows? I’ll pretend he’s Jack Savoretti.”
“Come here, my pet,” Steve coaxed him in a gentle voice, and Tony knew this was it. This was how it always started.
Bucky almost tore at his hair in his frustration. “Except he fucking
Brock scrambled to wrapped his bath towel around his waist as Steve walked by, but neither Sharon nor Steve had to wonder why.
Steve gave it a curious look and carried it home with the rest of the papers and bills and advertisements. “Hey, babe? There’s a package for you.”
Steve cursed and jumped at the unexpected sound of Tony’s voice. Tony laughed in his triumph, and leaned in to steal a kiss while his husband still looked disgruntled. Steve had found a seat near one of the smaller fireplaces in a corner, well concealed from staff and politicians alike. It was unclear how long he had been hiding in his books, but this late in the year, it was difficult to mind the hours at all. No sunshine shone through the library’s tall windows, and the world outside the palace looked so bleak that only the occasional dusting of snowflakes gave depth to the darkness of the winter’s day.
“We can’t discount it,” Steve wryly agreed. “But since Tony hasn’t uploaded the pages and he’s editing these previews himself, whoever it is must have been watching us that night.”
Cursing and praying by turns, Tony cut off the trail to follow her, doing his best to keep her in sight without tripping on rocks, running into trees, or stepping on some small, unsuspecting animal.
“With all due respect,” he dared to say with a big grin, “that’s your problem, not mine.”
“Tony?”
There was a variety of jeans in different sizes folded up in the shopping bags, along with a new brown leather belt. Tony dug through the selection until he found his measurements, then wasted no time pulling the jeans on, practically jumping into them in his hurry to wear something that fit again.
“You didn’t worship them growing up,” Tony reminded him with a frown. He grimaced at a thought, but then he took a final, calming breath and moved on to the point he wanted to make all along.
With a sigh of defeat, he slumped down in his chair and reached into the pocket of his sweatpants for some relief. This was a library, people were studying all around him, and he should be, too - he had no interest in religious studies, and that made it so much more difficult to absorb the details. Broad strokes wouldn’t cut it, the professor had told them that she considered every word in the textbook fair game. It didn’t matter that providence by cock would never be relevant to his life again, he still had to know it inside and out.
Out of nowhere, the unusual silence of the room was disturbed by a quiet vibration of noise. Tony glanced around the room, careful not to displace Steve or wake him up, and finally noticed Steve’s phone flashing with a series of new incoming text messages on the table.
In a flash, he was back in that office being told he would
Tony stopped dead in his tracks on the threshold of Steve’s bedroom, and heaved a slow, measured breath. Then, he took two more steps, and five more, and three more, until he pulled the covers back and (less than gently) dumped Steve into bed.
Steve scrunched his nose at the thought. Catching up with Tony after a long day sounded like something he could do, but a random person? He took a breath, reminded himself that his career depended on networking, and figured the pros outweighed the cons.
This time, the shock was numbing. Tony couldn’t hear the laughing gulls anymore, or feel the chill of the ocean breeze on his skin. Whether he wanted to or not, he couldn’t move a muscle or even breathe as he watched Steve go down on one knee.
His smile might have been enough to fool strangers and the curious onlookers watching them walk by arm in arm, but not his husband. Steve shook his head no, and with a devilish grin that only spelled trouble, he said, “No, I’m asking you to kick his ass.”
“Him,” Tony clarified, then with a wry grimace, he quietly said, “look, I don’t mean to sound ungrateful. I know it’s, it’s a privilege, having a family, especially one that wants to see you every once in a while, but we just function better apart. My dad has these traditional opinions of me taking over a business I don’t want to run, and mom lives to introduce me to debutants so she can finally have a daughter. I’d rather not be reminded of how I managed to disappoint them both.”
Tony choked on air. Before he knew it, laughter spluttered out of him in intermittent bursts of embarrassed giggling and genuine snickering. Marple sprung back up and wagged and tap-danced beside him, sharing in his happiness -
“You are right, Steve,” Tony said when his sudden spike of affection was under control. “My apologies, my love. But, I have not been near an uncontrolled crowd of people in my life. And in the dark?”
Something vital in Tony’s processor collapsed, and he gazed up at Steve in awed silence until his tongue came back online. Steve capitalized on the moment and cupped Tony’s face gently in his hands, leaned in closer, and kissed life back into Tony’s slack lips.
“For as long as you will have me.”
He needed to regroup. All he needed was a few hours to himself where he could get his bearings again.
Howard shook his head, while Maria and Clint both either grinned or snickered to themselves, but it was enough for them to move on and get back to their tasks. Maria carried a bag full of oranges over to a big fancy-looking juicer in the corner, while Howard wandered out of the kitchen with a stack of letters and bills.
He could no longer make out the words Tony said, but he could hear the affection in his deep, honeyed voice, but then he pulled the vibrator out just a fraction to begin thrusting into Steve’s body, shallow and unhurried, and it was all Steve needed. His hips shot forward involuntarily, pumping wildly as he came, painting the bedsheets with his come.
a victory, after all: at the end of all this, Tony and Clint would both walk away as free men. “I spoke with Talia. She accepted my terms: I am her betrothed, and in return for bearing her a child, a daughter, she will forgive Clint and release you both as free men. Her tribe will never again bother you, Tony. You’re safe.”
In a vain attempt to dig up clothes he could arguably sleep in, Steve dug through his drawers for clothes Tony might plausibly believe Steve wore to bed. Steve, who ran so hot he kept a stash of clean boxers next to his pillow in the dorm so he could sleep naked and pull on a new pair before getting up.
it. “I’m just… relaxed. That’s all. Is it so hard to believe you’re just this easy to laugh at?”
Everything was still right with the world when Steve arrived at his office. Sharon was dutifully waiting for him with his morning latte, the computer turned on, and his work space tidied and prepared for the day how he most preferred.
Tony barely bothered to towel off, walking out to the bedroom instead with the towel simply draped over his shoulders. Steve tied his towel around his waist and followed Tony out to the bedroom, sitting down beside him and watching Tony mull over the boxes. He held the big box in the palm of his hand and the smaller, round one with his fingers, thumbing at the latch in thought.
Tony barely cared to breathe in his urgency to feel his mouth and his throat heavy with the weight of Steve’s cock, sucking hard and gagging himself repeatedly to constrict his throat the way Steve responded to best. Steve’s cock was still half-hard when the first dribble of pre-cum leaked down Tony’s throat. Tony didn’t taste it, but he felt the effect immediately. The world around him faded away, the tension and fear evaporated from his body, and all that mattered was
Whether he did it consciously or not, Tony had started combing his fingers through Steve’s hair, and Steve leaned into the tender touch of his hand, even indulging a little by nuzzling against Tony’s firm chest.
Oh, god, no. What were these thoughts? What was happening?
“Tony,” he said quietly, hoping not to wake him if Tony had already fallen asleep. Tony hummed under his breath, encouraging him to continue. “Are you moving back to LA after Bucky’s case is over?”
“Hey,” Tony said, apropos of nothing and visibly distracted. Carol glanced at him to see if any coherent words would follow.
“You asshole!” he laughed, sitting up so suddenly that the horse startled back and withdrew from the window. “Get in here, Dummy! Come on,” he called after the horse with a smile in his voice; it wasn’t long before the horse nickered and nudged the windows open again, sticking its head into the room to nuzzle into Tony’s waiting arms. “You’re dumber than a bucket of wheat, but your nose sure works.”
Tony’s breath caught and he exhaled with a quiet stutter, and Steve chased the sounds with a slow, purposeful grinding of his hips. Tony’s thighs quivered at the direct attention to his prostate; Steve shifted their position until his cock dragged over Tony’s spot with every thrust, until Tony’s whole body shuddered under his weight and came with sudden, breathless gasp.
“Mom!” Tony glowered through gritted teeth, this time grabbing for Steve and pulling him down to sit on the bed so he could get his arms around him. “What the hell? What did I say about harassment?”
“You’re not? That's terrible form,” Thor rumbled, his frown evident in his voice. “How do you think he'll perform for you if you refuse the simplest act?”
Steve stared at him. “Exit…. survey? From prison?”
“Fifteen minutes!” Steve cried, not sure if he should be howling with laughter or in outrage. “Who—what? Why would—”
“I was the one who asked to do it, it was only fair,” Steve assured him.
Chills ran down Tony’s spine as he realized what had happened. Those two weren’t dressed as Thing 1 and Thing 2 anymore - Sam was in a striking tuxedo, and Sharon was breathtaking in a white, silk gown. They were in the middle of saying their vows.
So, in the relative privacy of Sharon at least pretending not to look, he clicked his way to the lace garter tights. It wasn’t even real lace or real garters, it was
Tony pursed his lips, unsure of how to answer him at first. “That is how it is done, Steve.”
A distant voice in Steve’s head cried out
“Shh, hey,” Steve said gently, leaning back enough to meet Tony’s eyes. “How about we go to bed? It’s been a long day, I’m ready to be put it behind me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So one day, I get to set, and he’s left a coloring book in my trailer so I can doodle, too. Then, for my birthday, he got me these amazing markers, Copic something? Those colors are liquid velvet, they’re amazing—people sitting next to me on planes think I’m a lunatic everywhere I go now, shading skulls in with blue, purple, and pink all over the place, but that’s even better. Nobody wants to chit-chat with the adult man coloring skulls.”
Who do you think you are, Sting? That sounds painful, Steve. Fifteen minutes, tops, and you’re not exactly in your prime—”
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, the relief clear in his voice even though he was trying to whisper. “Won’t you… you know. Want some space?”
With an off-hand comment about Steve’s greedy ass taking up all the space, Tony kicked his shoes off and climbed onboard. After all, if there was no space for him to nap on the couch because of Steve, Steve only had himself to blame.
,” he crowed, reaching for a strip of hot, crispy bacon, but Maria smacked his hand away before he even got close, tuting at his poor manners.
“Boys are turned into the wild when they are young, many of us survive,” Clint pointed out. “And she was cast away by magic, so she could never return alone. I heard she will always be waiting for someone to find her, someone whose compassion can return her to this world. Once she becomes the Great Chief, she can reverse my spell and save us—not just you and me, but all men.”
Not five minutes after Rhodes’ call, Bucky led the highly trained protective detail away from their king. Machtberg’s defensive wall left a limited number of ways in and out of the country, so Bucky packed his team into three military helicopters to cover the two nearest of four gates into the neighboring kingdom. They were put in touch with Machtberg air traffic control to help navigate through open skies far from civilian routes.
“Mr. Tony! Please can we go see the tigers?”
“That’s not victory, that’s bile,” Thor pointed out, and Tony glared up at him.
“...rat burgers?” Steve said quietly in his apparent disbelief. “Leticia’s burgers are rat burgers?”
Fury called another meeting. The gold class lieutenants took their seats around the table, and like the only other time Tony had been included in a strategic deliberation, he remained standing at a short distance away.
“I will,” Steve promised without hesitation, his voice so low and deep that it rumbled through him like a predatory growl. “Living with you, being a part of your life, it’s all I’ve thought about these past few months. But filming it, or having sex after a long time apart isn’t the same as being together every day for eight months. I don’t want,” his words faltered in a moment of insecurity, but he quickly pushed through. “I don’t want to lose your interest.”
“Got’m?”
With a final push of effort, Tony managed to catch up to Steve and his long stride. “Captain Steven G. Rogers, enhance your calm. Were you not listening to me? Only minutes ago I was swearing that I would not allow—”
“Travel days are cheat days,” Steve smiled up at him, “and I’m hungry as hell. Let’s go.”
Steve laid him back against the firm back cushions of the couch. In his new, adjusted position, Tony reclined comfortably in a gentle backbend, and with one hand at the small of Tony’s back, Steve angled his hips up for himself, allowing Tony’s legs to naturally fall open. With a quick lift and sleight of hand, Steve slipped a cushion under Tony’s ass to keep him positioned just so.
“That will be all for now, Mr. Stark,” Steve said loudly before whatever curses Bucky was chewing on became a problem. “We will have a patrol car take you home. We will be in touch if we need further answers, but in the meantime, if you think of anything,” he said as he pulled his card out of the evidence folder. “My personal number is on the back. Day or night, if you think of anything, call me.”
Relief revived Steve with an intoxicating power that neither oxygen or fire possessed. In that one glimmering second he felt
“Natasha can smell presents, Steve, you’ve got to help me.”
Tony felt more than heard the growl resonating deep in Steve’s chest, and somehow, Steve managed the whole interaction without saying a word. He pulled Tony’s hood up immediately, doing what he could to protect Tony’s privacy as he steered them away from the nosey teens on the pier and back towards the car.
Rhodey muttered something about millenials as he wandered off, presumably to start closing up shop.
“You have to make sure my mom has at least three cats at all times,” Tony recited from memory. “I’ve brainstormed stories for the next fifteen years for ways you can get your parents down to Portugal every summer, so you should be okay there. We need your dad to retire already and move them both there, but short term goals: get her there every summer. She’s only going to get worse in Boston, so you can’t forget it. And after an appropriate mourning period, you need to move on—but you can
With a sudden flash of rage, Bruce glared across the office at his partner. “What do you know about it? You are not the one incapable of providing your partner with healthy children.”
It hadn’t been the most convincing bluff, but Steve still pursed his lips in irritation. “I
,” Tony growled with feeling, smacking the last pillow in his hand harder than necessary before helping Steve sit up again so he could tuck it between Steve’s back and the arm rest.
Tony huffed in wry amusement. “Another ritual would be a good distraction right about now.”
Steve blinked at him in confusion. “I thought silver class adults were only restricted from getting married. There’s a bigger difference?”
Turned out, he was only another disappointment.
“What, I can’t have ideas?” the man asked. “It’s a sure hit, dude. You could pee on the whole city from there.”
Steve turned in his seat then, watching them go. “How come Dummy’s always loose?” he wondered.
“You know, I was going to ask if this was somehow about me,” Tony said in slow, deliberate words as he casually leaned into the door jamb. “But guessing from the world’s first silent-but-deadly shovel talk Natasha just glared at me… is there something you want to tell me, Steve?”
“You have some fucking nerve—”
Ironically, the reminder of how little money mattered to Steve always made Tony feel worse. If Steve didn’t care about the money even a little, Tony didn’t have a chance. Soon enough, Steve would get bored of him, and without the draw of money to keep his attention, Steve would leave him, too.
For the first time in a long time, Steve got out of bed with a smile on his face. He washed his face, spent a few minutes recording a reply to his family, then texted Coulson to let him know he was getting ready for the day.
“Who’s that?” Tony wondered, and from the window, they could see him stop walking in the general direction of Steve’s apartment. “Is this a bad time?”
Steve never meant to kiss him.
Steve knew better. Raw, unprocessed human hormones were dangerous, the most addictive substance to their species. What was harvested intravenously—the serotonin, the oxytocin, the prolactin—became ingredients for the most powerful and lucrative sources of pain relief in their world. What was collected directly as expelled fluids—or what they sometimes humorously referred to as harvested
Steve, Maria, Brock, and Sharon were all asked to wait outside Hawley’s office while she and Stark had an initial discussion among themselves over where their clients stood on the case. They were given copies about the client and the case at hand so they’d be familiar with the details when Hawley was ready for them.
Steve grunted under his breath, but he didn’t stop working until he stood up and threw the manhole cover aside. Lights came on automatically to illuminate the ladder built into the wall of the tunnel leading down to the sewer system.
“But there is one final guest who’ll be coming on a little later, surely you’ll have heard of him. The fastest man alive will be joining us, ladies and gentlemen: Usain Bolt!”
The stretch car slid to a halt with a squeal of tires and a chorus of honking cars behind them. Before Happy could twist in his seat or even get a question out, Tony had shuffled to the left and climbed out of the car.
Steve pursed his lips in thought. “Ever said what?”
He dried off his hair quickly and ran to the bathroom to get a little mousse in it before it misbehaved—or worse, naturally curled over his forehead.
Tony knew where that was, and he quickly led the way. Except, they didn’t meet the Governor in the conference hall. His face was instead projected through a live VideoGram, a vivid, three-dimensional projection on a flexiglass screen.
“It means, if you are willing to be yourself with me, and keep our relationship out of your article, then I have some vacation days I could spare,” Steve replied. “Would five days be enough?”
Steve eyed the two bags Tony had dropped on the coffee table dubiously. Neither of them looked particularly cheesecake-shaped. Guessing he had the slight advantage of being weak and needy, he turned his most pleading eyes up at Tony, his secret weapon since childhood. Back then, it was his sure-fire way of getting his mom to let him skip school. Now, he really needed it to shout
“Yeah! Yes, anything—you’re the best, Pep!”
“What the hell,” Bucky muttered, looking from the phone to Steve then back again. “What the—you—what the
The long, private road leading to Taco Bell was lined with palm trees. Fairy lights housed in bright purple bells twinkled in the twilight of the evening, and as much as Steve felt it should be cheesy and intolerable, he couldn’t deny it added to the inexplicably buoyant excitement and mounting anticipation.
“Tranquility?” Steve echoed in quiet disbelief. “I relived the war, my worst nightmares, the week-long trail of bodies leading to Rumlow’s arrest—I felt nothing else for a hundred and forty-seven years,” Steve told him in slow, measured words. “You think you did me a favor? I was trapped in my body for over a century, all for doing my job. ”
“Just call me when—call me when you can?” Tony’s voice sounded much closer, and Steve could only assume he’d been taken off of speakerphone. “The minute it’s done, Steve.”
“I kinda liked your earlier suggestion better,” Steve admitted with a hopeful but sheepish smile. “If it’s still on offer?”
Despite the comfort of knowing Steve was alive, Tony couldn’t bring himself to work. Instead, he busied himself in the kitchen. He wasn’t sure what Steve would be able to eat and keep down - he didn’t even know what dietary allergies Steve might have - but he figured plain oatmeal would be safe. As quietly as he could, he got a pot on the stove, and tried to remember how his mom had once taught him to make oatmeal the right way.
Tony pursed his lips and tried not to laugh. “The sad part is, New York has the good water.”
But what truly unnerved him was the silence. He couldn’t hear anything or anyone around him—not even the ever-present bustle of their living, breathing city. The only window he could see in any direction was a small, circular window near the ceiling, but it was too dark to tell if the distant sparks of light were from stars or tall buildings.
“Not really, but my brother gets tickets through work sometimes, and he’s more of a Knicks fan,” she explained, “I just moved here from Tennessee a year ago, and we’ve got the Predators, but not anywhere near where I’m from, you know? Besides, it’s not like here,” she added with a secretive smile, gesturing around them as if to encompass to full arena. “This is so cool!”
“Do you think it’s acceptable that Mr. Rogers is unprepared?”
Steve punched Bucky in the shoulder. “On your feet. We’re about to be arrested.”
“That’s thirty seconds, man,” Rhodey told Steve quietly, sounding sober all of a sudden. He sounded serious enough that Steve didn’t hesitate to follow his unspoken command, and powered down the bull.
Tony deserved better than this.
His legs fell open easily, and as he was wont to do, Steve stroked Tony’s cock until it jutted up against Tony’s abdomen, firm and leaking from the tip. With Tony practically writhing in his arms, Steve moved on from his pet’s cock and cupped Tony’s exposed balls in one hand, fondling them leisurely for his own pleasure. Steve kept Tony hairless for harvesting; it made everything easier, and on the occasion that Steve spread Tony open to inspect his pet, he would always stop to marvel at how delicate and silken Tony’s skin felt in his big paws. Reverently, Steve cupped and rolled Tony’s balls in his hands, rubbing soothing circles over his testicles with a slow, tender touch.
“How do you do it, Tony?”
This close, Steve didn’t need his dad’s super hearing to notice how Tony’s heartbeat pitched into a whole new kind of panic. He was going to act, Steve just knew it—Tony was holding his breath and blinking like he was staring into the sun, and the sudden flash of determination in his eyes made Steve's heart ache with understanding.
Sharon rolled her eyes and gave him a long-suffering smile. “And what about the rest of you?”
“I can clean the house,” Steve interrupted, since neither of them had bothered to include him yet. Clint looked a little disturbed by the suggestion, and Tony looked like Steve’s words somehow hurt him.
Without thinking, Steve grabbed the pillow under his head and smacked Tony’s side hard. Tony curled up and covered his head, giggling madly, and Steve beat him once more for good measure.
“I have enjoyed admiring Jane among her own kind,” Thor intoned between scraping at something stuck between his teeth and inspecting his nail to see if he’d got it. “She outshines all her peers, yet by the end of the day wants nothing to do with them, so as Natasha’s wisdom suggests, an evening of fawning and adoration from those less gifted brings me much gladness.”
Tony huffed in quiet amusement, but turned back to answer Steve. “The plan was to meet Pepper and a few people from work about a conference we’re part of hosting next month, but she got a call on Friday about a job in LA, so we rescheduled. I used to work in LA, and she had questions.”
Steve laughed, easily and without irony. For all that he moaned and complained, Captain America was dear to Steve, and part of his motivation for returning for the fourth installment had been that impulse to protect the franchise. But every minute spent with Tony was a lesson in how dedicated he was to developing Iron Man into a hero with a profound heart, a hero who people could love and get behind. Now, Steve would only be relieved to see Iron Man move into the fore. There was a chance he was more eager and excited to see Tony Stark top billed for the next Marvel cinematic feature than Tony himself.
“The Governor’s offices,” Tony said in a rush as Steve’s voice brought him back to the present. “The Governor has the means to oversee and alter the rehabilitation of all Cryo prisoners. Anyone with access to his computer terminal can potentially assign thawing orders. Those orders are not questioned, Steve Rogers. No commandment from Alexander G. Pierce is.”
Tony pressed his lips together in a mockery of stifling his laughter; he had no sincere interest in cutting short his giggling joy until Steve sunk into the couch beside him and quieted him with a soft, unhurried kiss that left Tony moaning his change of heart.
“No! No blowjobs while driving,” Steve said in his strictest tone of voice, the one that sent rippling sparks of electricity down Tony’s spine and fanned the fire Steve ironically had no intention of addressing in this moment. “No blowjobs, no handjobs, no sex of any kind. Are we clear?”
“You should come with us,” Barnes said, and it sounded less like a suggestion than a demand.
Karl and Georgie smiled as they listened to the story, but out of the corner of his eye, Tony caught Steve clutched Fran to his chest and openly stared. Before Karl or Georgie had a chance to move the conversation along, Steve spoke up.
Steve wasn’t alone in bed. Was that better, or worse?
Steve frowned, but was fairly quick to comply: he crossed his arms and held on to his own shoulders.
“You might want to take that up with her,” Maria said, then smoothly changed the subject. “Remember when Hansen said she was a graduate student at MIT?”
“You could open it, you know,” Steve whispered. Tony glanced at him with a smile, and did exactly that.
Steve still had his phone pinched between his shoulder and his ear when he gestured for his best friend to come in out of the rain. “Hang on, my friend’s here at ten o’clock at night for no good reason,” Steve told Tony before taking the phone in hand and turning his attention to Bucky and his three bulging black and white shopping bags. “What’s this, Bucky? Did you rob Sephora?”
“Oh, it’s Tony now, is it?”
Natasha shook her head, while Steve tried to will away a blush. “Um, no,” he said, glancing at his partner. “We can take some now?”
Steve’s icy glare spoke volumes of his irritation and his anger. “This is not a negotiation, Colonel,” he growled in a whisper. “This is a direct order from your king. There is no man I trust more to ensure my husband’s safety than you, no man he trusts more. We will depend on you to defend the kingdom while we rest. I will depend on you to keep my husband safe. So, I will repeat it for you: take your team. Take Bucky. Get out of my sight.
“Hey Steve,” he said, swaying a little on his feet before moving closer. Steve didn’t have the heart to offer a handshake, and he didn’t have the emotional buffer to offer a hug, and Tony’s nervous energy only worsened without a clear invitation.
“Don't talk yourself out of it,” Steve recited reluctantly. “They are meeting with you for a reason, you don’t know what that reason is. Bring your best to the table, and let them decide.”
“Tony! Tony, wait,” Steve called after him, and fortunately, Tony turned around. “I just, I didn’t want to make it a big deal. I sparred with someone stronger than me and they bruised my side. It’s a first date, it was supposed to be about you. I didn’t want to make it about me. It won’t happen again.”
“I love you. I love what we have, what we do,” Steve whispered with the urgency of a man desperate to be believed. “I don’t need more.”
Steve watched him with an impish smirk. “What kinds of things do you fix?”
“That’s slander—libel.
“I mean, how does he feel about children, and how many will he want to have? How did his parents raise him? Are they in the picture, would he expect you to move if you have a family?”
“What do you mean, ‘we’?” Steve blurted out, but his input was either ignored or unheard.
In his absence, the room loomed around Steve in silent judgment. His clothes were nowhere to be found - not even his phone was charging on the bedside table. Twisted thoughts tumbled together faster than Steve could recognize them until his insecurities reared up to wonder whether Tony even wanted him there - in his home and in his life.
“Tony, you didn’t give me a reason,” Steve told him with a low, impatient snap in his voice. “You told me your mom was worried, and that was
“Would that I could bear those memories for you,” was all Steve could say. “You are not alone anymore.”
Tony eyed him thoughtfully. He couldn’t decide if he could bear not knowing how many hours Sam and Bucky had spent brainstorming the name, or if he really was that much of a masochist.
With that promise, Tony hung up and left Steve to stare at his phone in an uncomfortable silence. Tony had sought help. He’d recognized his problem, sought help, and recovered. Some might call his journey a heroic one, a victory over an addiction that otherwise consumed so many.
“Oh, shi—Steve? Steve,” Tony whispered, rushing over to Steve’s side. Steve visibly shivered even in the warm kitchen; remembering Steve’s reaction to the unlocked window last night, Tony had a nauseating understanding of what his shivering meant. At first, Tony walked over with a tight grip of his loose jeans to stop himself from pulling Steve into his arms. He needed a moment to steady himself, and as soon as he did, Tony forgot about everything else and opened his arms instead, leaving Steve the option to be held if he needed the physical comfort.
“Fuck you,” Bucky grumbled even as he rolled to his side and onto his knees with a great heave. Whatever else he might have said was lost in the thundering clapping of hooves as the cavalry neared.
“He’s humble, he’s generous, and he’s kind,” Tony said after some thought. “He tries. That deserves a second date, doesn’t it?”
I’m Steve.
“No, even Stephanie wouldn’t say yes, Tony,” Clint said quietly, and inwardly even Tony agreed with that. “She’s not just a big, scary weapon. She was Stephanie’s friend.”
By the time he was back to his room and climbing the stairs to his fifth floor suite, it was late enough that people were flitting through the hallway, chattering and saying their goodbyes before bed.
“First of all, it’s a
Tony followed Steve into his room a few minutes later. He’d arranged a tray of food for him, with the burger Clint had made for Steve, along with a cinnamon roll, a cup of coffee, and a glass of water.
As gentle and affectionate as Tony sounded, Steve knew better than to take it lightly. “No more jealous YouTubing, promise. I’ll be better.”
“Steve?”
He remembered telling Tony he would see him on Wednesday. They had been invited to see a school play; the Year 10 students were performing Molière’s Tartuffe, and Steve had been brushing up on his French in the hopes of speaking to the kids without a translator.
It was his eyes that gave Tony away.
Colin smiled back with a flash of his irresistible, devilish charm. “I’d rather take my chances with you, love. Any time, any place.”
Tony lived in a sleek, glass-encased high-rise overlooking Seaport Blvd. But then again, Tony’s poor taste was none of Steve’s business. He turned into the convenient underground parking garage, dropped his car off with the valet without a second thought, and jogged the whole way to the elevators.
“Tony,” he finally managed, genuinely at a loss for what to say. “Sweetheart, nobody gave me this ring. I bought it myself. You have no-one to worry about, I swear to you.”
“That’s terrible!”
“That’s right, and you were my first,” Tony said with a straight face and a seductive glance, his delivery just coy enough that Stephen ducked his head to laugh.
“How many wrong turns can a person take!”
Without looking up from his drawing, Steve said, “If plaid flannel is all he owns, and she already agreed to the date, wouldn’t that mean she liked him in plaid flannel?”
“You can either stay awake, or I can wake you when I get in, but we’re having a talk when I come back,” Steve told him. He still spoke quietly, but the teasing edge was gone, and there was no doubt in Tony’s mind that he meant it.
“Visualizations for your presentation,” Steve explained, logging into his computer then stepping away from it so Tony could take the seat at his desk. “I was thinking it would be a good way to show them the different physical skills Dum-E has learned? Your robot can operate a freaking fire extinguisher, Tony,” Steve reminded him as he urged Tony to take the seat. “Do you realize how incredible that is?”
Tony interviewed by Seth Meyer talking about the episode of SNL he's hosting the week before the Academy Awards, where Tony makes it very, very clear which one is more intimidating and exciting.
, or the first twenty days?”
“It feels like I’m the only one around who’s not had the chance to appreciate your talent—” Tony gave him a hard, dubious look, and Steve folded like a house of cards in a stampede. “And…  maybe it’s really hot?”
“This isn’t spooky,” Tony mumbled in disagreement, and he yawned loudly enough to interrupt himself. “Can’t you feel it?” he asked after a moment, his voice heavy with sleep. “We’re safe here… we’re safe.”
This time, Tony felt a little less embarrassed in his reaction. It was nice to feel like he wasn’t the only one excited for their next date. Steve slept naked, so there wasn’t much to grab on to - Tony took him by the hair and pulled him in for a happy, sloppy kiss and didn’t let go until his man was moaning putty in his hands.
The shop was nothing like the regular boutique spots near campus - it was a low-key, blue-collar salon with two manicure stations and five hair chairs, an ideal place for old ladies and young waitresses to get prettied up for the week. It was exactly the kind of place his ma would take him when she needed a break from her day to day, and small, unassuming salons had quickly become his safe space away from home.
“Thanks,” Steve said with a smile that usually got him what he wanted. He unwrapped the biscuits and placed the bundle between them. “Please, help yourself. The package is bigger than average, it’s made to be shared.”
“Right,” Tony mumbled quietly, clearing his throat and rubbing the back of his neck before catching himself and putting both his hands flat on the table. He took a moment before looking at Steve and saying, “Do you remember Howard’s arc reactor?”
Tread lightly, all ye who suffer from second-hand embarrassment.
“Oh, god,” Tony murmured in sudden shock. “You’re really doing it, you’re retiring Captain America, you’re leaving me to—”
Dr. Odinson hummed quietly in understanding. “Do people often treat you like you are different?”
The look of delighted interest faded from Stephanie’s face as Tony stumbled his way back to the talk of her future bride, but she said nothing. An awkward silence stretched between them when only Clint’s eager munching could be heard, until finally she spoke.
Tony never congratulated Steve on his exceedingly suave rendition of A Casual Man Asking a Question in Repose, but in his defense, his gaze turned distant, and even though he sat across the table from Steve, Steve could see the moment Tony’s thoughts carried him off somewhere mournful and upsetting.
It was a quiet
“I’m sure there are nice stories,” Steve said diplomatically, and to his right, Tony perked up at his attempt to steer the conversation elsewhere. “Or,” Steve added, “perhaps, less suicidal?”
As requested, Bond made the call to Q-branch once the car was lost to him. Tony couldn’t tell if it hurt more or less, but he put her down himself.
“Vegas it is,” he rasped, his voice pitched noticeably deeper after the kiss. Steve felt himself grow weak in the knees, twitching and aching all over for Tony’s attention.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, you are fined five credits for a violation of verbal morality statute 1-1-3.”
“Sorry,” Jane giggled, snorting softly with every inhale. “But Tony, come on. Who are you trying to convince? I don’t know what’s more depressing: Sylvia Plath or your love-life. You don’t leave your workshop, you don’t let friends set you up, and when we do manage to trick you into it, you always fixate on some stupid problem so you don’t have to see them again. You didn’t like the last guy because his palms were sweaty, remember?”
“Lord, spare me the fucking cavities,” Clint muttered. “But, he’s right. Steve, guests don’t do our chores. You any good in the kitchen?”
Cotton candy was the best. The whole world should be made of cotton candy, and then nobody would be homeless and nobody would go hungry because sugar is amazing and even clouds need love.
Since their costumes were created with each model’s dimension in mind, the costume department had let them keep their armor and clothing. At the time, Steve easily understood why the women were happy - their togas were beautiful and made with modern fashion in mind; they’d be able to use those unique, handmade dresses as often as they pleased. He hadn’t understood why the men had grinned and clapped themselves on the back, though. Their costumes would look insane in the regular public, and Steve hadn’t understood why they were happy about something clunky and impractical that only served to collect dust between Halloween parties.
“Bring me Rhodes. Best friend or not, he is not to disobey the king,” he told Bucky quietly. He left Bucky to his task and turned back to thank the members of the mayor’s staff who were currently working to receive donations when the teenager who had donated his childhood books approached Steve again.
Stephen grinned like the fanboy he was and listened eagerly, loving this personal ‘inside scoop’ of what Steve Rogers was like. “So, like, you never have fights?”
,” she added, setting a bottle of water down in front of him.
But the man Steve faced in the aptly named Hall of Violence was not a mortal man. His punches were powerful enough to bruise Steve’s bones, his feet nimble enough to slip away at every turn. Steve bowled Brock to the floor with an iron cannonball, put him through a wall, and still the man wouldn’t stop. With another cannonball, Rumlow broke the floor to ceiling window of the exhibit and leapt out of his impromptu second storey exit.
“Calm yourself, Captain Steven G. Rogers,” Tony said in a firmer tone of voice. “There is a villainous maniac on the loose, and whatever else this pacifist, meatloaf fearing society has done to offend you, we live, we love, and we try just as much as people in your time. So may we table the collapse of your psychoemotional disposition until the threat of this heinous criminal is neutralized?”
Steve pressed away from the wall and turned Tony so he faced the free-standing bookshelf. It brought them a few feet closer to the main aisle of the balcony, just enough that Tony could even peek over the railing if he made an effort. Steve guided Tony into a wider stance as he jerked Tony’s jeans down past his ass, leaving his cheeks fully out on display. Tony gripped onto the metal ledge of the bookshelf he was facing, and desperately tried to remember that he couldn’t lean against it, that he’d somehow have to push back to meet Steve’s thrusts if he didn’t want to topple the shelves and announce their presence with a terrible scene. But Steve pulled him back by his hips until Tony balanced on the balls of his feet, his ass turned up for Steve.
A thrill of amusement tickled down his spine, and Tony eased himself down on the mattress until he could lean far enough over the edge to kiss Steve’s nose. “Anybody ever tell you how gorgeous you are first thing in the morning?” he whispered with a mischievous smile.
Bucky, on the other hand, looked fascinated. “Do you know anything about people penises? How did we evolve?”
“Was acting something you’d always wanted to do?” Georgie wondered, and Tony’s honest answer was a little shrug.
“And I’ll call in an order for breakfast burritos at Alacran,” Bruce agreed even as he pulled up the website for their number. “Dress him in anything but blue!” he reminded Tony before he was out the door.
Clint stared up at him without blinking. “Explain.”
“Access denied,” the computer cheerfully replied. “Silver class personnel not authorized to review rehabilitation assignations.”
Tony’s eager hand didn’t help Steve’s insane challenge of trying to make no noise as he stumbled around the debris littering his room, while carrying Tony’s uncooperative weight. As if stroking Steve’s erection while they walked wasn’t bad enough, Tony rolled his hips up against Steve’s body, seeking the friction of his firm abdomen and unfamiliar body hair.
“You’re having the wedding here,” she told him, smiling with the satisfaction of a woman who only allowed people to agree with her. “Go get dressed dear, we’ve got work to do! I’ll go get Howard’s pocketbook.”
Steve looked at Tony, then back at Fury, his brows furrowed in confusion and anger. “What?”
Late September in Harvard edged into cooler temperatures that encouraged most students to wear a jacket whenever they left the house. Steve had considered it, but even his favorite leather jacket would look awkward over armor, so he threw caution to the wind and walked the three blocks to the off-campus party in nothing but his gladiator sandals, leather pteruges, and scaled armor strapped across his chest that covered his right shoulder and arm. The strap across his chest and back was designed to framed his bare chest beneath his collarbone so the tension emphasized the breadth and proportions of his pecs to perfection.
“You have to see it,” Stephen added for the audience, but then quickly changed the subject to avoid saying too much. “So, what’s coming up next for you? The holidays are around the corner, are you taking some time off for anything special?”
“Make me proud, Tony,” Steve told him quietly. “Impress me, and I’ll feed you from my cock until you sleep.”
“Steve, what are you—”
“I built it myself, years ago. It’s not difficult,” Tony told her, growing more eager the more he spoke. “I could help you, or build you one; maybe somewhere near fresh water with a big clearing for your dragon? I don’t think I could build one for her, but maybe it would be big enough that she could see you inside it? We could build a hearth that she could fire, so you could cook anything you like, and keep warm all winter. Or, I mean,“ Tony stammered in the end, as he started to remember himself. “For you, and your bride, of course. I would build a cottage for you and your bride.”
Tony shot him a look and tried to brush his jab off. “Your job is serving booze, my job is knowing when someone’s trying to hide something. Bruce Wayne is hiding something.”
“What I mean is,” he continued, his words spilling out in his discomfort faster than he could control them. “Many will find you grotesque. They will call you names, fear you, or otherwise express their disgust in your presence. If they cry when they see you—”
Clint grabbed two cutting boards from a shelf near the grill. He put one board and a knife in front of Steve, and sat down with his own on his side of the table. “Alright, then we’ll put you to use: you wedge potatoes and slice onions. I got the rest.”
The question surprised Tony enough to take his attention away from the scenery, and he looked up at Steve with a questioning look. “Yeah, you had a concussion the day before from a motorcycle stunt,” Tony recalled easily. “We stayed in and had a DIY spa day and watched
“…no,” Jane said when no more information was forthcoming. She gave him a meaningful look. “Was he
“Burgers?” Tony asked, clearing his throat a little awkwardly. “I’m—where do we stand on carbs?”
“You don’t have to feel the same,” he finished quietly, wanting so badly to hide now that Tony wouldn’t stop looking at him. God, he really should have thought this through—what if this is the end of their friendship? He’d sprung this on Tony as casually as a question about where they should go to dinner, what had he been thinking?
“Tony and I ran into each other at a rodeo out in Iowa when I was seven,” Clint told Steve when they all were sat down for breakfast a few minutes later.
“Open your eyes,” Steve urged him in a whisper, punctuating his demand by grinding his hips up against Tony’s so Tony could feel his hard cock pushing and pulling between his cheeks. Tony’s lashes fluttered and he bit into his lip again in a vainful effort to stay quiet, but finally he opened his eyes.
Steve took a moment to process what he heard and barely had the time to groan before Tony startled him by drumming the most obnoxious tattoo against the doorframe.
Steve sighed, then with a wink and a smile he slid off her desk to let himself into H’s adjoining office. His meeting was brief, more so than usual. Steve’s last mission had only been a partial success; Venice was no more submerged than it was the week prior, but Scorpius had gotten away. What little Steve had salvaged only baffled Q branch; the data was there, but it was either too damaged to view, or the security installed in the drive was beyond the best at MI-6. Either way, Steve was firmly back to square one.
But yeah, it was a lot about what he said, too.
A soft jingle pulled him from the gentle comfort of sleep. Groggy and confused, he blinked his eyes open until he saw it.
Tony blinked a few times in his confusion, but he considered the question carefully before answering. “There is no precedent for it or against it. Would that make you more comfortable, Steve Rogers?”
“Thank you,” Steve said with what Tony fondly thought of as his big USO smile.
Steve growled softly in answer. “Take me home, and I’ll show you.”
Fury glanced at Tony, who was vigorously nodding back. Then, with a long sigh and some silent soul-searching, he turned to Tony and officially asked, “Lieutenant Anthony Edward Stark, do you accept the burden of stewardship for Captain Steven Grant Rogers?”
“—Tony!”
“No, stay. I’ll go get it,” Clint assured Laura when she stood to fetch the pie, though rather than looking grateful, she looked betrayed by his help. She turned to Steve instead and they shared a look of silent commiseration.
and nearly goes into shock when the presenter calls his name.
“Not really,” Tony admitted quietly, then turned enough to catch Steve’s eye. “You’re all I need. I don’t need you to make promises to anyone else, just to me.”
In the age of social media and in front of functional cameras? But it seemed to be the only event Steve really wanted to win, and after the fifth pie, Tony had found himself hypnotized with a morbid fascination.
, I fucking was there, wasn’t I?” Steve snarled as heavy footsteps approached. “Tell me
Tony offered his most innocent of smiles and batted his eyelashes. “I’d still share the byline?”
“I’ve been in this business for thirteen years, Tony,” Steve replied, speaking in a calm tone to avoid sounding patronizing. “There’s a big difference between what either of us should and shouldn’t do.”
“You aren’t going to die alone, are you?” she repeated. “Bruce found someone, I’m dating a doctor with the body of a god—”
Steve paced the length of his living room, glaring daggers at his phone and daring it to prove him wrong, that he hadn’t just been stood up. He tried to sit down, he tried to relax and forget it, or even pretend that it wasn’t bothering him so that when (if) Tony did show up, he could appear to have been entirely casual and calm about the entire affair.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him, both amused and suspicious at Steve’s sudden interest. “Why the sudden interest, Sparky?”
Bucky nodded in understanding, then with a sly grin he much too casually asked, “Hey, how’s Steve doing? Up and walking again?”
Before he knew it, the sore weight in his muscles eased away, and he drifted to sleep.
“A, no,” Steve replied, and finally he looked Tony’s way. Tony was still staring at him, unblinking with his lips slightly parted as if he had forgotten how to maintain his listening face. “A relationship.”
,” Steve eventually, and very pointedly, corrected him when another voice cleared their throat as a polite interruption. Steve and Tony turned as one to see the old man Rumlow had briefly held up approaching them with a bald man in pink and beige robes following in his shadow.
“Who in their right mind pays a hundred and twenty dollars for socks?”
, long story short, all available Air Force cadets are marching on the Gap and Banana Republic to get him a decent outfit for tonight’s date.”
” Tony whispered from Steve’s elbow, shuddering at the thought. He leaned across the counter to address the reservation agent directly. “Look, just give us a Ford truck. F-150.”
Steve’s smile scrunched with impish delight, flashing a possessive, mischievous grin that left little to the imagination. “Damn right I do.”
“He's stiff, but I think this could work.”
Tony pinched his lips together in a tight line of discomfort, but slowly, Steve noticed he breathed more easily. Color slowly returned to his face until he was practically blushing. Whether Tony believed him or Steve’s deliberate tone of voice helped calm him, Tony seemed to have found an even keel again.
After Steve first started picking up regular modeling jobs in high school, he decided to take a gap year and give modeling his full attention. College would always be there, after all, and he wouldn’t always have the connections and physique to try modeling. One year became two, and after traveling the world and meeting some of the most renown people in the industry in person, Steve had cleared off his mom’s life-long debt and bought them a modest but comfortable two bedroom apartment in Greenwich.
“Thank you for your help, Tony,” Steve whispered as he scribbled out a list for the scientists of things he needed. He snarled at them until they all but ran away to get surveillance equipment and radio jammers ready in a new car for him. “The professionals are on their way, but I feel better. I’m sorry for, for what I did this morning. You deserve better. Good luck with—”
“Not really,” Steve said with a wry twist of his lips. “A task takes as long to finish as you allow it.”
The fourth and most recent victim was an older man who’d been reported missing from his hourly job at a custodial service four months prior. Steve and Natasha asked the Captain to put them on the case immediately. Carter had been on their side initially, and even let them bring Bucky and Sam onboard, but as weeks without leads turned to months, she grew less supportive of their flimsy serial killer theory.
Steve eyed the box and decided to take his word for it. He tore into the box and pulled one of the unhealthy indulgences free. The sweet, flaky coconut shavings and the smooth, gooey marshmallow layer over a cream-filled chocolate cake tasted like a dream. For every bite he was taken back to long-forgotten childhood victories of eating endless candy in front of Saturday morning cartoons, a time where a strict diet wasn’t part of his life and Captain Crunch counted as a nutritious breakfast.
“I’m an engineer. I fix things,” Tony said with a hint of a smile, but if he had more to say, he silenced himself with a sip of coffee.
Half of it slid into Tony smoothly, but there was enough resistance where Steve’s fingers hadn’t reached that prevented it from slipping in without force. Tony held his breath but kept his knees spread wide as Steve pushed it in further, until Tony’s thighs quivered and a good six to seven inches of the canister was inside Tony’s body. With a press of his finger, Steve warmed it a few degrees and turned on a soft thrum vibration; young and responsive as he was, Tony’s breath hiccuped with the added sensations, and Steve watched on with satisfaction as Tony’s fingers began digging into the mattress again. As Tony’s soft whimpers and whines turned into murmured pleas and cries for
“Clint, Steve looks upset,” they heard Tony’s voice calling from not too far away. “Why are you upsetting Steve? Dad already gave him a shovel talk, you can stand down.”
It was Tony who saw it first.
Tony rolled over and looked up at him with beautiful, bright, laughing eyes, utterly unrepentant. “Still your friend though, aren’t I?”
Steve caught Tony’s eye over his shoulder and winked at him before turning his full attention to giving Tony no less pleasure in return. He lapped up the come and lube spilling out of Tony’s ass, even trying to suck it out of him between teasing his furrowed rim. When Tony mustered enough motor control to reach back to spread his own ass for Steve, Steve could finally put his fingers to better use. He fucked two fingers into Tony, licking him out like a treat. Tony’s breath caught in his throat as it always did whenever Steve really leaned into eating him out, because there was nothing he’d shy away from - scooping the come out of Tony to eat him out, stretching his hole to its limit as he licked into him, sucking on his rim for minutes on end until it came away dark, red, and bruised with a terrible hickey.
“Cheap shot,” he mumbled with an unhappy pout clear in his muffled voice. “How dare—”
“When I told him that Hawley came on to you - without any details,” she hurried to assure him, “he said it was probably your fault. You wore something or did something. There have been some red flags here and there, but victim blaming? That’s an unforgivable dickhead move.”
Steve’s flinty expression warmed with a small smile. “Then, I’ll be listening for your voice, Tony,” he promised.
Tony squirmed in his seat, momentarily uncomfortable by the praise before he got himself together and quietly replied, “You’re welcome, Steve.”
Those pockets of time slowly grew to include more than just a weekend, and by the third month, Steve had practically moved in with Tony in his new condo close to campus. During the day Steve had his classes and Tony worked, and in the evenings they found other ways to occupy their time - some nights that meant going to local performances or pub trivia, while other nights that meant staying in with a bottle of champagne and a rigged game of strip poker.
“—and, I guess I complained enough about him showing off, cause—I mean,
Steve looked up from his enormous order of sushi and gave Tony a long-suffering look. “Yes, Tony: I’ll be right here binge-watching
A sudden spark of hope had his heart skipping a beat. What if that dinner could be their first date?
“I’m right behind you.”
“Thanks,” Steve smirked, pleased to see the appreciative interest flashing in Brock’s eyes. “You don’t look so bad yourself. Having a good time?”
“It was, Mrs. Rogers,” Tony said as he put his feet down to stop the swing for Sarah. The screen door connecting the kitchen to the back porch swung shut behind her while she shuffled out with a little bundle and, more importantly, a tray with two lime green margaritas the size of Tony’s face.
Like most interviewers, she thanked them, looked interested, but somehow wove off with her own questions anyway. “That’s, that’s beautifully put. You both clearly care about these characters. Was that a product of your interactions on set? You share a lot of screen time in this movie, did you do anything together off-set as well?”
“If we go any farther East, we will fall off the edge of the earth and there will be no-one to tell,” Tony groused in reply, adjusting his seat on Clint’s bony back for the hundredth time. He had never ridden a donkey before, and he never wanted to again; apparently, he still had more to learn about the downsides of being born male.
“Steve, what are—”
With his lips thinned in determination, Bucky nodded and led them back to Tony’s apartment. Tony was nowhere to be seen, but it didn’t matter; Steve was there to see Bucky. They grabbed some water out of the fridge and sat down at the kitchen table to talk.
, Steve wanted to say, but this wasn’t the time. Even he could not be so selfish to make this moment about his own feelings and pining infatuation. However Steve felt about it, he recognized as a friend that what had happened between Tony and Channing had meant something to Tony, and that he was sad to be without it.
“I’m glad you asked,” she purred with a broad, self-satisfied smile. “You see, I have a daughter who is your age. You would be a good match for her, provide handsome children.”
Steve hummed in reply, laving his tongue over the darkening bruise with a proprietary confidence. When he lifted his head at last to nuzzle at Tony’s cheek and see what he had to say, Tony couldn’t have stopped himself from smiling back if he tried.
“Please don't say anything—” Tony hurried to assure him when Steve loudly spoke over him.
CERN had invited Tony to visit as part of a handful of engineers and physicists they wanted to wine and dine for future collaborations. While it was a genuine honor to be recognized as a leader in his field already, Tony was the only one in the group who hadn’t been driving when the Jackson 5 were still a thing.
“You’ve moved it,” Steve observed with a curious look of amusement.
“The Boss sent me to pick you up from work,” he explained. “Get in.”
“Aw, shucks. That’s tough for me. You see, I only have time for first dates on Friday,” Tony lamented with a big, mournful pout that fooled Steve for one whole second. That second was just enough time for Tony to slip out of the kitchen.
“It’s very quiet,” Steve eventually admitted. “Too quiet.”
“I don’t need you or your friend of a friend to set me up with anyone,
Steve rose to his feet and clapped a hand over Tony’s mouth to quiet him. When he finally indulged Tony enough to finger his spit-slick hole, Steve’s fingers were well-coated in lube. Distantly it occured to Tony that maybe that’s why Steve had only spread his ass for rimming one-handed, but it didn’t so much matter as one and then two fingers were fucked into his ass. Tony had gone to bed with Cesar the night before, his black special occasion monster dildo, so it didn’t take Steve long before he was fucking three thick fingers into Tony, twisting and stretching his rim until he was satisfied.
Trapped between his fear and his duty, Steve looked ready to scream and rage at the sky.
While they’d only been dating for two months, they’d been friends much longer. A lot of the worst hurdles were behind them; they knew how to communicate, they trusted each other implicitly, and they counted on each other’s support more than anyone else. The consequence, however, was that little went unnoticed between them. Every expression and tone was recognized and interpreted intuitively, and if Steve wanted to keep the worst of his pitiful insecurities from Tony, he’d have to be very careful.
It took Clint more courage than he knew he possessed to dare look away from the dragon’s savage teeth and claws long enough to spot the beautiful, blonde woman riding on the back of the black dragon. She smiled at them, as if unbothered by the abominable beast she so casually rode.
Steve kicked the door shut behind them and practically tripped over his own feet in his rush to follow. They had stolen into a small janitorial closet, one with a small sink and counter space where all sorts of mops and cleaning supplies lived. There was barely enough space for them to stumble into, and even distracted by Aladdin’s trouble-making fingers and soft moans, mindful, protective Steve caught the small workstation Tony was rushing into.
Tony nodded even though he didn’t understand what this final job could possibly entail. Steve had told him they were here to help train future harvesters, but they had all left.
“Have a seat, Mr. Rogers. I hear congratulations are in order.”
. “Just for that, you’re eating one whole tentacle.”
“Don’t be such a drama queen,” Bucky muttered while Steve continued his rambling disagreement with everything they were currently doing, not least of all missing the actual game, when Tony and his lady friend unexpectedly stepped out of the restaurant.
“I met him at a dinner event. I was a model and a student, he was this incredible businessman. I was about to start graduate school; I turned down a full ride to MIT because he worked out of LA, and he didn’t want to be on the East Coast,” she said with a sigh. “Too rainy, he said. And I’d say it was all worth it, until about five months ago when he started to behave differently, unpredictably. That was when I found the bottles.”
She was no better than the child who pitted one parent against the other, but Steve didn’t miss a step.
“I’m really tired of magic,” Clint muttered while Tony hurried to pull his tunic over his head and offer it to the young Woman. Clint rushed to the cottage, while Tony helped her as she struggled to push herself up to sitting. Careful of where exactly he put his hands, he held the tunic in front of her to cover her until she could better control her jerking limbs and trembling nerves.
The car understood Tony’s request, and without the need for buttons or even a touchscreen, the radio turned on at a reasonable volume.
Instead of arguing, however, Bucky closed the folder and looked at Steve. “If that’s true,” he said quietly, distracted by his thoughts. “Wasn’t there a letter Stark found to do with this? A guy who accused him of rape because he expected to end up in the book?”
“You’re purple?”
Bucky gave Steve a tired look then dismissed Tony’s offer with a reluctant shake of his head. “How can we help you, Mr. Stark?”
Steve slowed his steps, and for the first time since the incidental connection in the car, he turned to look at Tony. He smiled, but it was not a kind smile. Irony, perhaps, or what the 21st century historians would have called 'sarcasm'. Tony couldn’t be sure.
“Playing hard to get?” he purred, licking his teeth in his obvious delight. “Think you’re too good for my money, Steve? Well, every man has a price.”
Tony couldn’t be happier for him, if only Steve’s beloved job didn’t also mean that he couldn’t join Tony on all his business trips and conferences around the world. The man didn’t even like taking his sick days when he knew that patients would be counting on him to be there.
“Mr. Stark, who’s the special lady?”
“It is a fertility ritual, the practice that keeps the small town of Marham lush and temperate year round,” Tony explained, his voice deep and soothing and Steve couldn’t look away from his lips as Tony slid in closer to him on the couch. “It is performed once every season according to ancient Celtic traditions. The elected leader of Marham has to prove he can satisfy the town’s chief priest… before the entire town, the priest is tied to the altar,” Tony whispered against Steve’s wet, parted lips. “His body subjected to the people he served, vulnerable and exposed, a sacrificial gift to their gods…”
That May, Steve graduated from Sargent College in the College of Health and Rehabilitation with a Bachelor of Science in Athletic Training. His mother was there to watch him in that sea of scarlet gowns, surrounded by his friends and fellow junior officers. He had so much to be grateful for, and so much to be proud of. He carried his diving medals over the stole recognizing him as student-athlete graduating with honors. Steve and all ROTC cadets wore their dress uniforms under their gowns to mark the occasion, and outwardly signaled their service to their country with red, white, and blue graduation cords. Sam and Carol wore the additional royal blue cords of the Air Force, while Steve and Bucky wore golden cords for the Army.
“I thought I’d call him, invite him out to something,” Steve replied, trying to answer her question but obviously still struggling with
“Or another time,” Mr. Perfect said with an easy smile. “Marple is welcome, too.”
“Where is he?” Bucky complained through a mouthful of nachos. “It’s been twenty minutes.”
“Prepare the paperwork for his termination,” Steve was telling her just as Sitwell started shouting at their backs across the bullpen.
“That’s cold, man,” Sam drawled. “And I was gonna invite you to watch Blade with me and Buck.”
Tony gave him a few minutes to adjust and relax before holding up a chip. “Dorito?” he asked, and Steve opened his mouth without question. Instead, Tony stuffed the chip into his own mouth to delight in Steve’s look of disgruntled surprise, then fed him two chips immediately after.
Tony hummed happily into the kiss, but before he forgot what he was saying again, he reluctantly pulled back. “Let’s think of this as… warm-up,” he said, still a little breathless from the kisses that hadn’t remained chaste for very long. “Tonight, it’s only about you and what you like. We know you like kissing,” he added with a grin, cupping Steve’s face in one hand and fondly brushing his thumb over Steve’s spit-slick lips. “And darling, you’re damn good at it.”
Tony sucked in his bottom lip and quickly wetted his lips with his tongue, trying to keep a clear, steady head. Sometimes, he still remembered that living for sex, for another creature’s pleasure and fantasy, wasn’t a healthy way of life.
Steve turned to look at him again, but this time Tony’s face was strategically hidden behind the script in his hands. Clearly, he wasn’t taking it as well as he wanted Steve to think.
the puppies,” he shot back, and while Karl hid his red face behind his cards, Georgie took her cue and read off the next question.
Unbidden, a familiar knot started to make itself known in Tony’s throat. Quickly, he looked down at Steve’s phone before his eyes gave him away. The phone had been idle too long, but Tony stared at the black screen as he tried to will his tears away.
Clark watched him with a knowing, sympathetic look. If anyone could understand what it felt like to watch your partner fawn and gush over someone else because of boundaries you created yourself, it was Steve’s dad.
“Steve, hey!” Tony greeted with a burst of excitement, but then he quickly cleared his throat and pulled himself together in an effort to sound calmer. “I’m, uh. I’m glad you called.”
Before Tony could make his case, Steve clapped his hand over his mouth and gave him a warning look. Tony didn’t even have the time to be angry before the office door opened and two armed security guards walked into the room.
He swallowed Steve down until his nose bumped against his hip. This was no time to sleep, not with all the people buzzing and chattering around him, but Tony closed his eyes, burrowed in close, and let the world fade away. All that mattered was the task given to him, and to make his master proud.
I read a chapter out of it, and this short scene from
Before their lips could touch, Tony slipped away and glared at his charge. “You are more savage than I ever imagined, Steven G. Rogers. I wish you to leave my domicile at once. Your place of residence has been arranged four doors to the right. I trust you can find it without my assistance.”
When the third man stepped up for his turn, the audience around them was dead silent. He notched his arrow, took a steadying breath, and nailed it. Perfect bullseye. He had enough decency to glance at Tony for a moment before plucking the next arrow out of his quiver, and Steve must have rubbed off on him more than Tony had realized, because in the moment he found it easy to give the stranger a nod of encouragement to continue.
. He wanted crunchy, colorful leaves, not white sand beaches.
Tony could only shrug a little and shake his head.
Tony, though, seemed less convinced. “You think you’ll be able to make do-me eyes at Barton?”
“I made two pans,” Steve explained in the affirmative.
Tony could have said it with as much cheer or sarcasm as he liked, but Steve still understood what he meant. What he didn’t want to say. Tony wasn’t just alone, he was lonely.
Months before the wedding, Tony started to feel his nerves rise into the fore. Not his nerves about the wedding or the unification; those questions were either long settled or in the process of being resolved, and he accepted his limited role in how they came to pass. As part of the plans related to the wedding, however, Pepper had raised the question of their honeymoon, and where they wished to go. Her recommendation was to stay local, where press could be contained and monitored. She reminded him of an alpine castle that was the highest royal residence in Machtberg, they would have nearly complete privacy in a place so remote and wild. There was even an old baronial estate in the northernmost mountains of Terrini she felt was suitable with its stunning views, privacy, and comfortable amenities.
It took all of three minutes to get his phone out of the bedroom, text Peggy that he’d call her in a few hours when Tony was at the gym, then return to the kitchen to get his own food in order.
For the first joint solstice festival celebrated in Consone, Tony chose a dove grey suit to recognize the informal nature of the day. He had not been prepared to discover his husband-to-be in traditional black lederhosen, an embroidered black vest, and a white shirt with full bishop sleeves.
Neither Tony nor Steve made another sound, and soon Dr. Odinson felt comfortable enough to sit down in his armchair again, settling down with his notepad and his pen.
He practically heard the dry tone in the look she gave him. “Try again.”
Steve slipped his hand quickly under the blanket to pick up the canister, and with the same care that he entered the room, he slipped out through Tony’s closet door to return to his own world.
One after another, Tony picked his way through every alternative, while asking Steve the same unreasonable questions nobody could answer honestly.
Tony shoved a couple of twenties at the driver before they shut the door and watched the car pull away with Bruce all but napping already in the backseat.
“It’s what I get for laughing at Timmy all these years,” Tony grumbled to himself, and Mr. Perfect laughed. He laughed so unexpectedly and so freely that Tony basked in the sound, soaking it up like sunshine on a cloudy day.
Tony was still pulling off the tags when Steve walked up behind him and gently rested his hands on Tony’s hips, loosely framing Tony’s ass with his hands. “Damn, Tony. These jeans were made for you. You look incredible.”
“I was always afraid you’d end up dragging me to one of these,” Bucky muttered under his breath while the middle aged woman ahead of them in line asked to have six books signed. “Never thought I’d be forced to say yes.”
And now, he’d associate that filth with Steve.
“I talked to you earlier, Your Highness. With the books? My name is Taobe,” he replied, his words spilling from his lips in a rush of anxiety. “You probably don’t remember—it, it was—I mean, it’s not important to remember for a King, why should you? It was a long time—”
Steve hid his face in his hands and dissolved into giggles well before Bucky put two and two together and groaned in his disappointment.
“You got this, boss.”
“I never told you my name,” he said slowly, and startled by the possibility that this man might know him, that Steve had somehow forgotten a creep like this, Steve took a closer look.
“It’s cheaper than therapy.” Steve started to say, but their burgers were brought out in time to interrupt him. “And food, of course.”
Romanov’s watch beeped in a muted alarm. Tony recognized the sound, it was the signal of a breached perimeter.
“Sex’s messy, ‘s okay,” was all Steve managed then, though he seemed to have given up on telling Tony to sleep.
alive!”
Steve’s confidence and focus started to fade as Tony got to his feet to stare back at him, face to face.
“Let’s, let’s do it,” Steve said, smiling for Tony.
“This is insane,” Tony was still saying since they first received the steak sandwich. Steve died a little on the inside every time Tony used the word incorrectly. “How is anyone going to eat all that meat?”
When he came back and handed Maria the files, Maria didn’t say anything or make a move to leave. Steve wasn’t sure what to do. Maria never struck him as an awkward or insecure person; as far as he knew, the only emotions she expressed were disappointment in the capitalist patriarchy and an unshakable resolve.
“Sorry, didn’t mean that,” he somehow apologized without laughing himself hoarse. “I’ll be right here with Netflix all night, okay?”
Four years, to be exact.
“They really need to stop calling it that,” Steve muttered under his breath, and Sharon smirked in agreement.
“Thank you for health check, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark. All systems are in fine fettle.”
That was when Steve stood up. With his hands on his hips, he rose to his full height, flexing his arms and back in his leather jacket in a way that made him look even bigger than he was. At some solid inches over six feet and 250 pounds, intimidation often got him farther than he cared to admit.
Got that airhead in the sack yet? I deserve a raise for all this extra work.
“It’s bigger than almost every human man’s penis,” Tony said before Arlene voiced the question she clearly wanted to ask (and mortified Mr. Rogers again), “
Steve considered the man’s dilemma as he enjoyed the rest of his Sno Ball. He’d never been a father, but he could understand the impulse to protect them at all cost. He couldn’t imagine his ma stopping at anything to make him happier and safer, even as an adult.
make the call,” Bucky sighed and stepped away to do exactly that. Steve might have argued or told him off, but it wasn’t as if Bucky was wrong. He could make the call as easily as Steve, and they weren’t exactly swimming in alternative leads.
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Stark! Congratulations on the marriage, Mr. Stark, what can you tell us about the special day?”
“Alright, sure,” Tony said with a smile. Why not? Who would look for him in the children’s room, and he needed some way to pass thirty minutes. When had a life decision been as easy as puppy therapy or no puppy therapy? Or was it an adult dog? He looked at the dog more curiously, then reached out to pet its head.
Gently, he put pressure on the chain. Tony followed his lead until they stood toe to toe and shared the same air. Steve only needed to lean his head forward to rest his forehead against Tony’s.
How Tony ever let him slip away before was a mystery best forgotten.
“It’s very… is that supposed to be me?” Steve finally had to ask, gesturing at the chiseled cheekbones and decorative stars and stripes.
Steve cracked the laminated menu across Tony’s head before he had a chance to finish. Tony jumped with a yelp, then immediately ducked his head so Steve wouldn’t see him giggling like a schoolboy.
Steve’s grin gentled into a thoughtful smile as he considered Tony. “How about a beer and your company? Here, I mean,” he quickly clarified, lest Tony think he wanted sex to make up for any perceived slights.
- he watched Rhodes chase Tony around the workstation like some tired imitation of Benny Hill. It didn’t matter how many times Tony accused his best friend of treason of the highest order: Rhodes caught him eventually and shepherded Tony all the way back to the royal apartments. He deposited Tony on a bench in the sitting room where his grimy clothes wouldn’t ruin the furniture, and Steve watched as a hand from behind the camera - Natasha’s - dropped a folder into Tony’s lap.
“Pepper, my ex. She’s a school teacher, second grade. She’s… she’s special,” he said like it was a promise. “You’ll see her if we go out; she loves to dance. My best friend, Rhodey, he owns and runs this converted barn—the best drinks, great music. Mechanical bull,” he added with a smirk and a playfully exaggerated wink. “We call him the Captain.”
So he was clearly mistaking Steve for another lawyer working with the firm. On one hand, Steve felt really good about his new wardrobe, and on the other hand… he didn’t want to disillusion the man.
The brothers took Steve to Maria’s formidable cupboard of cleaning supplies. Steve stared at it with palpable envy.
“What’s Trafalgar Square?” Steve wondered even as he followed Tony in the suggested direction, because either way it was something new to see.
Never in his wildest dreams had Tony thought a Woman would listen to him, let alone speak kindly to him. Before he had to respond to Stephanie’s compliment and clear awe, Tony ducked his head and started shoveling his now-cooled eggs into his mouth.
Steve absently caressed the back of Tony’s hand with his thumb while he drove, not once letting go of Tony for the whole ride home.
“Steve would like Paris,” Carol assured them both before Tony had to defend his choices, and Tony brightened with a glimmer of new-found hope. “He loves art, he enjoys French music, language, culture.”
Erin had texted from herself and Paulette to ask if he was okay—they clearly remembered Steve and Tony had intended to keep their shotgun wedding under wraps, and wanted to be sure he was okay. Around the same time, a call from Sam had come in and he’d left a brief voicemail to let Steve know he’d be home all day if he needed company.
Steve rolled his eyes at the old joke (ha!) before he realized Tony hadn’t said ‘old’. He said ‘old
“Oh, god—Steve? How, how do you feel? Do we need an ambulance?”
He should have been upset when MIT lost, but it was so difficult to care when Steve had done so well.
Shouts of shock and surprise came from the restaurant staff, while Rhodey, Pepper, and a handful of Steve’s team poured into the room to swarm around them, and if Tony hadn’t been listening with all his soul he might have missed the
“Because you spent two minutes explaining how Barnes did it,” Natasha reminded him, which Tony elected to ignore without acknowledgement.
“No buts, Tony: your face is on every magazine in the country at least twice a year!”
,” Steve jolted in bed and his back arched with one sudden, firm flick of Tony’s wrist over the tip of his cock.
a new direction for the company, did you ever think of—”
Tony bit into his lip in his effort not to grin too broadly, but he couldn’t resist giving Steve’s thigh a playful pinch. “You think you know so much,” he teased, soothing Steve’s skin by slowly rubbing the heel of his palm over the spot he pinched. Then, with a quieter tone, he explained. “I’ve been in the rodeo all my life. Competed all my life. Barrel racing, bull riding. Broncos. My last trip to the hospital,” he said with a slight grimace, trying to find the words in vain. In the end, he shrugged it off and cut his losses. “Forget it—long story less long, I didn’t really need another trip to the hospital, courtesy of the Not-So-Gentle Giant.”
