When the fervor of lips and hands finally subsided, John planted one more sweet kiss on Sherlock’s lips before bidding him goodnight and heading up to his own room. If he pulled his cock out immediately upon shutting his bedroom door and wanked himself to completion without ever taking his clothes off, well Sherlock didn’t need to know.
He stood in the doorway, naked except for a white sheet loosely draped over his body. One end was wrapped around his waist, while the other draped over his shoulder. They met at his hip, where he lazily held them together.
Clementine did as instructed, wiping the screen before settling back on the couch, gently rubbing her over sensitized flesh. John hit the button on the screen that flipped the image to the front camera.
Mycroft just stared back at him, a strained look on his face, trying desperately to hold himself together.
John was thoroughly disappointed by that answer. It was a reasonable thing for Sherlock to spend the night, but John missed him terribly. It was almost frightening how much he missed him. It had only been a few days, but he missed everything. He missed having tea with him in the morning. He missed listening to his brilliant deductions about things John cared nothing about. He missed his warm strong hands on the small of his back, the feel of his curls on John’s cheek. He missed his lips. John could feel his prick stiffen slightly just thinking about them. Then his phone pinged again.
John’s body moved with Sherlock’s mouth. The two men danced, wrapped in each other, taking all the pleasure they could from this moment.
“While we are on the subject of things we didn’t know about each other,” John ventured, “What was all of that stuff about drugs.”
The sound pierced Sherlock’s ears as he frantically looked for the source. There he was. John had managed to grab onto an ornate piece of architecture, jutting out from the side of the building. He clung there precariously.
“What—” John’s question was cut short when Sherlock grabbed his cock and lined it up with his stretched, dripping hole.
A few moments later she heard a huff of anger and footsteps retreating from the room. Clementine sighed in relief and relaxed into her chair. She was finally alone again.
Suddenly one arm gave out and then the other. She propped herself up on her elbows, her head resting on Sherlock’s chest. John raised his head off of her, but remained curled around her.
The pathologist lifted Clem’s left arm. Her hand and arm were wrapped up where John had dressed her wounds a few days ago.
Mycroft let out a sigh, his body visibly loosening. Clementine fell back into the couch from where she had been leaning forward listening intently to the two brothers.
“Besides, you could have an injury too yet you immediately move to check anybody else before yourself.” Sherlock remarked.
“Yes.” John replied quickly. “I trust him. Despite what he has done, I still bloody trust him, with my life. He’s going to find me.”
Finally, he reached the ramp leading up to the dock. The detective cradled his blogger and carried him to the top. John became more aware now; he squirmed in Sherlock’s hold and then was gently laid down.
“I’ll just leave you two…” Mycroft quickly left; John watched him go, and then turned to Sherlock, crossing is arms over the chest.
Sherlock seemed to ponder this for a moment, and then looked at John with a serious look. “I guess it was just tea. I’ll take you over it any day.”
John recalled that morning, and then shook his head. Sherlock thought for a second, and then leaned forward and kissed John’s forehead, his face beaming. “This is why I married you.”
“I never really got to know him, John,” Victor continued, his eyes softening. “He was colder back then, distant sometimes, more wild and uncontainable. He’s changed. No matter how he tries to insist he’s the same, he’s not. And I’d like to thank you, John.”
Sherlock took the photos and looked over them. The date marked various days in the past couple of months, days Sherlock couldn’t quite remember.
John smiled and wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s neck. He pulled him closer, and then kissed him deeply. Sherlock pulled back, just enough to whisper against John’s lips.
“I need to find my cigarettes, John,” Sherlock said urgently. He flipped through some of the books, and then discarded them as if he made up his mind. He headed to his chair and started feeling in between the cushion and armrest.
“Enough with the scoffing Sherlock. You’re not a child anymore so stop acting like one.” Mycroft said sternly.
John slumped further into his seat, his hand hovering heavily in the air against the cuff. “Just go…” He whispered, still looking away from the detective.
The woman nodded, and remained in the doorway. Sherlock stepped closer to John, and knelt down beside him. John’s head was hanging limply, and his eyes kept fluttering open and close.
Sherlock’s furrowed his brows, forming his face with attempted seriousness. “Now why would you say that? Nothing is wrong, and nothing like that would be our concern for a few decades at least.”
John sat on the edge of the bed reading the email on his phone. Sherlock and Clementine were fast asleep behind him, wrapped around each other like rag dolls tossed in a cubby. His hands were shaking.
He was close, they were all close. He could feel it. Then, like an exhausted runner near the finish line, John gathered his strength to finish. He began thrusting in time with Sherlock. Clementine braced herself, allowing the two men to just fuck her. She could feel the pressure building in the pit of her stomach.
“John, you almost killed two different people yesterday for simply grabbing me. That’s a very powerful reaction for someone who hadn’t actually hurt me.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed at the confession. He stepped closer to John, causing the shorter man to tilt his head up to maintain eye contact.
“You know, it is a better idea to pack books in small boxes. Otherwise they get too heavy and unruly.”
Sherlock nodded frantically. His feet twisted on the floor as he felt his orgasm coming on like a freight train.
The apartment was small. Most apartments in the London area were. She wandered down the hallway and into the living area. No one appeared to be home besides them. There was a wall covered with family pictures. She paused to inspect them. Perhaps they held some insight into who Vic actually was. Neither of them really knew this kid. There were recent pictures of him and his family on what she assumed was vacation, fishing, drinking, eating, hanging on the beach. There were older pictures of who she assumed was Vic in diapers running around a muddy backyard playing with sticks. There were birthday pics of kids with cake smeared faces and wrapping paper strewn floors. It was all so positively normal. She didn’t know why, but it made her chest ache.
But John’s question skirted close to the rough edges of that life. The pain and loss that she was not keen to rehash.
John let out a groan at the filthy proposition and resumed fucking Sherlock with interest. It didn’t take long, John was so close. When he felt just about to topple over the edge John pulled out, tore off the condom and stroked himself to completion. Hot ribbons of cum fell onto Sherlock’s back. John could hear the man moaning beneath him as every new spurt landed on his back.
“Yes, sir.” Her voice was small. Sherlock almost recoiled at the sound. He had only ever known her as a fierce and powerful presence.
Clementine wanted to yell. She wanted to scream that he was full of shit. That his parents didn’t care about Sherlock, that all rich people were the same, concerned first and foremost with their money. Instead of yelling she just turned her head away from him.
It had been a week since his erotic encounter with Clementine and her roommate. They had exchanged numbers, but John hadn’t heard a peep from her and he didn’t quite know what he’d say if he had.
Once they all were otherwise occupied Clem fell flat on her stomach and ducked her head down, pulling up the dust ruffle on her bed. There was the boy curled up in the corner against the wall.
“You left!” Sherlock stalked toward him face reddening. “You don’t just leave people you care about! You don’t disappear with no explanation whatsoever!”
Sherlock gave John’s cock a few firm strokes. They both had to tighten their grip on the poor man’s body as his balance started to falter again under the pleasure of it.
“Thank you,” he said, accepting the phone. John stood at parade rest, heart beating at a breakneck pace.
“Go to her.” John whispered and slowly Sherlock’s feet began to move. John sank back into the chair and settled in for his lesson.
“But it was hard. I still had friends on the street and neither Mycroft nor Clem understood. Clem had been through her own personal hell that I couldn’t relate to and I went through things she never understood. By the time you met us we had settled into our lives together. I remember the first night she brought you home.”
John settled himself between her legs as she slowly crawled back to give him room on the bed. He could see her wetness glimmering off the soft lips between her thighs. She was neatly groomed, but with a generous covering of hair. John appreciated that. There was something about a woman with hair down there that was undeniably sexy.
“Out there,” he thrusts his finger toward the window, “That isn’t safe. Here,” he points down, “This is safe. But he isn’t here. He’s out there. And yes I understand the threat to my sobriety that continued contact with drug addicts poses, but Rizz is more than just some drug addict. I owe him my life in so many ways. Yes, you dragged me out of that squat house and I will forever be grateful for that. I owe you my sobriety, but I owe him my life.”
John's smile turned sad and he lifted Sherlock's chin up. "Hey," he said and Sherlock couldn't help but look up. "It doesn't matter if there was no one before me, all that matters is that you'll never have to worry about it ever again, because I will always love you."
"If it's any consolation, Mycroft sings better than I do," Sherlock said, looking up at John through his eye lashes.
He had hoped that the meeting would convince her to stop trying to headhunt him, but it had just made her more determined.
With grudging acceptance they agreed to the standing reservation despite wanting to be treated like other patrons, then bade her goodbye before walking out to John's waiting car, hand in hand.
John stood up in a daze and walked out into the hall, and as he did so he brushed past a tough-looking bloke in a leather jacket and plain black backpack. John murmured his apology but the guy ignored him.
It was looking more and more likely that he was going to have to go to Cork and kick their arses into gear.
John looked down. He was standing on both feet equally, his hand clenched, his back ram-rod straight. He felt more alive in that moment than he had in months.
John chuckled and then was cut off by a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock had buried his face into John's crotch and Christ it felt good.
They sat down and ate, talking about their trips even though they had spoken on the phone and video chatted as often as possible. There was always a new story to be told or a different aspect of an old one to be revealed.
Mycroft didn't even bother forming an argument and just walked out, wincing as Sherlock slammed the door behind him.
Seb took a swing at Sherlock, but his fist never got there. John stopped him by grabbing his wrist and twisting it. Seb struggled and security came running.
"I wouldn't say that was the same as marrying an editor, brother mine," Mycroft said. "At least this one isn't an arse like the last one."
"The extra words emotionally invest a reader into the character, if it's well written they won't mind the extra words. It's like that old saying, a good book and a good cup of tea are always going to leave you wanting more," Sherlock said.
"Oh, sweetheart," Mrs Hudson cooed when he put her down. "I haven't seen you in ages! Let me look at you." She held him at arm's length to give him a once over. "You are more handsome than before, you fox!"
Mycroft's head snapped back as though he'd been slapped. He grabbed the keys out of the ignition and got out of the car, slamming the door behind him.
She turned around to see him looking ashamed. She sighed. "I know. I'm just shit at timing, aren't I?"
She swatted at him playfully, "You'll be gone by next year. I so hoped that I would be able to see France's greatest seat in a quarter of a century."
"Oh really?" John asked, leaning forward. "Must have been quite the tale. Go on, wordsmith. You want to tell me, and I intend to be your captive audience." He moved his queen.
Just then Bertie came in between them and threw his arms around Sally and Sherlock, "And we all know
Sherlock buried his head in his hands. He wanted to text John (or considering how desperate he felt, actually call him to hear his voice). But he didn't have the former doctor's number and he would impale himself on his letter opener before he asked Mrs Hudson for it. She would tease him about asking, and he couldn't live with her gentle ribbing.
Some of the apparitions could speak, but most were mute. Silent in their agony and pain. Their loss and mourning etched into their features but not able to tell of their torment. John liked those only marginally better than the screamers and the violent ones.
On the back was a coupon to a dress shop in town called Tegan's that would allow her to pick out the dress of her dreams. It was mysterious and little strange, but she supposed it was better than having a dress magically appear in her locker. Now the question was to go or not to go?
Deciding to ignore her, he turned on the shower and once the water was hot enough, dropped his robe. Her gaze never faltered, but neither did it change from the same blank stare.
Molly put her knife down and sighed. "Lucky you. Most men either recoil or lean in too close when I tell them I do post-mortems."
They walked on in silence for a few moments before Sherlock turned to John, "How is Operation: Get-Mycroft-a-Date going anyway?"
Sherlock? He was in his dressing room panicking further. Did John see how well he did? Did John see how much he put his heart into it?
"Thank you," Sherlock replied with a blush. He glanced John over and then huffed out a giggle at John's apron.
"Um, miss?" John asked. She continued her blank stare. He looked behind himself just to be certain she wasn't looking at someone else, but he was the only one there. He stepped around her into the bathroom and her eyes followed him.
A week later Sherlock swanned into Molly's lab at St. Bart's. The pathologist looked up at him and smiled.
"Well excuse me, I didn't know I was speaking with some hotshot publicist," John sneered. "I think the scene is important and I don't care what you say."
"Was it just one shipment of a single book or were there several books in the order that were bound incorrectly?" Mycroft asked.
Greg looked at the list and back up to them in shock, "What am I supposed to do, buy him noodles, a book, and listen to bunch of idiots who don't know how to play their instruments?"
"Estate fraud, scam artist. He goes in as a medium and bilks rich, grieving families out of millions in most cases," Mike explained.
"I happen to know that Sherlock Holmes is allowed to date provided his brother, Mycroft, does," Mike said, triumphantly.
The next time he was conscious enough to be aware of his surroundings, he found Sherlock on his own laptop, reading.
left; but if John went out with this vile creature then his life would go back to the way it had been when John first moved back in, only with
He looked around and started to laugh out loud. Across the street was the burnt husk of the remains of the shop where he had met the bloke he had been chasing all year.
Sherlock dusted himself off and said, "Looks can be deceiving. A fact that you should be far too aware of." He indicated to John's tatty jumper and well worn jeans with his chin.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You really are a gossip whore, aren't you? I don't have to tell you shit, Irene, and you know it."
"I feared as much," Sherlock sighed. "I'm afraid she caught you up in a little game to try and get me to go work for her. I believe her goal in ruining you was to make us look for another company and then bankrupt them as well. She would then swoop in and buy them out or if they wouldn't sell, she would buy out their rivals and undercut their prices.
But the fact that Sherlock still took him to crime scenes kept the candle of hope burning far brighter than it had any right to.
"Oh?" Mycroft asked. "I don't believe you mentioned any of that the half-dozen times we've spoken since."
Anthea jumped up and tried to see over the crowd. When she finally managed to catch sight of him she said, "I'd tap that, he's hot."
Sherlock gritted his teeth as he watched Mycroft's face for tells, but his brother's face was a mask.
"Welcome back, Mr Lestrade," Mrs Hudson said, standing up. "I see we're making these visits of yours weekly."
"Sherlock!" Sally hissed. "I've told you not to do that. And another thing we've talked about, you can't just–"
A couple of months later, John came home from doing the shopping to find his lover engrossed in his microscope.
Divya was Mike's long-term girlfriend and would love a ring on her left hand from Mike. He bit back the fear and anxiety and placed his trust in Mike. He knew Stamford had never let him down and now was not the time to start doubting the friend who got him through advanced chemistry.
Sherlock started making gagging noises as John nudged him with his shoulder. Maybe it was better this way, maybe he needed to step back and let him and Mary happen naturally.
Greg smiled and it seemed like Mycroft was going to kiss him, but before he could make a decision to kiss back or not, Mycroft took the choice from him. By retching on his shoes.
John hastened to soothe the chef. "You've already done so much for us, it would just be too much. Everything is just lovely as it is."
Mycroft held up the car keys, "And I have your only way home." He jingled the keys with a teasing grin.
The owner bowed shallowly, mostly with his head and shoulders. "Very good, Miss Hooper. I am Mycroft Holmes. At your service."
But here it is. The story is complete and all it will take is time to type up a chapter. And while I can write at work, I can't type at work. I tried. I thought that I could email it to myself, but alas, my work email is intranet only and was not meant to be. So sorry.
There was some scrambling and when John had opened the door wide enough, he saw Sherlock standing up, a duvet in a puddle at his feet.
"Because he wants to know how much backlash he's going to get when he comes out with his very flamboyantly gay boyfriend," a voice drawled. John turned to see Sherlock standing there with two tumblers in his hands.
He looked for all the world like a man who has just been given a death sentence. John then noticed the near-empty carafe of brandy and the very empty tumbler next to it. John stopped to wonder how full that bottle had been when Mycroft started to imbibe, and then realized it wasn't any of his business.
John didn't know when he had stood up, but he was towering over the desk and Sherlock, his cane on the floor, forgotten. "Fuck you," he muttered.
The detective huffed. "Disappointing." He got up and binned them in the container that John had bullied him into getting especially for the dead things Sherlock brought home. Then once a month either Molly or Mike would stop by and take them to be disposed of properly. After the third call in a week from neighbors about Sherlock
Anthea smiled. "Well that's good enough for me." She felt much more at ease about this mystery bloke now who she'd spoken to people who knew him.
Hello, everybody! I have come to wrap up that little cliffhanger from last time. And give a little of Seb/Jim tease for people.
"I almost wish I could be a fly on the wall to see that argument," John admitted when they got far enough away.
Sherlock's face lit up in a soft smile. "I only have the leftovers my landlady left before she went to visit her family."
The man always dressed well, but tonight he had pulled out all the stops. He was in a black suit with a deep blue button-up shirt that brought out the blue in his eyes.
Sherlock looked him up and down. "You know, for someone who got thrown out the Royal Opera Theatre because he had his hands down his boyfriend's trousers during intermission, you sure are homophobic. I guess what they say is true, the more closeted a gay man is, the more homophobic he becomes."
Sherlock frowned. "It was the biggest news piece for nearly six months ten years ago, you would have had to have been living under a rock not to have heard of 'Griffin's Steps'."
," Greg sang, and as he reached the end of the chorus, he pointed to Mycroft, who couldn't help but laugh.
"When they would 'pick up' Mike, what they were really doing is going to both flats to pick me up. They'd pull up to Mike's address, wait 15 minutes and then come to my flat. When I'd be talking to him in the car, the driver assumed I was talking to myself or on the phone with my assistant. They just chalked it up to me being crazy."
This one is a bit angsty at the end, just remember, happily ever after is always the end game with me.
"I'm going to have to keep working at the surgery, otherwise people will say I'm a kept man," John grumbled into his pint.
"I want you to suck my cock, just not tonight," John explained as he lathered up some lube on his fingers.
"A bottle of our best white wine, it will pair very nicely with your orders," Angelo said. "And I thought it would be charming if my nephew Mickey played for you while you ate."
, Victor. You never were. You strung me along until daddy's money came through and then you vanished like a thief in the night. John has stood by me through it all. You are just a ghost. A shadow that defines my past. But you are not my future."
Sherlock let out a small sob. "The one person who understood me and cared about me, not even alive." What followed this pronouncement could only be described as a wail.
"What is wrong with you? This is highly unprofessional, and I'm getting tired of your attitude," he bit out.
The man gave up his assessing stare and went to wander through the aisles of books. But that itch between John's shoulder blades that said someone was watching didn't go away.
John looked down at his crepes and sighed. He was almost done, so he finished them up as quickly as he could. When he was finished, he pushed the plate away and clasped his hands in front on him on the table.
Sherlock stood up and walked over to Moriarty. He got into the other man's face. "No one threatens my crew," he hissed. "You are quite fortunate to have these officers around."
John patted around for the bottle as he continued his ministrations. When he found it at last, he fumbled with the cap on handed before Sherlock took pity on him and opened it for him.
Sherlock blushed and bumped John back. But you can't kill a thought once it has made a home in your head.
There was a knock on the door and it opened a crack to reveal the face of Mrs Holmes. Seeing that Sherlock was dressed, she opened the door just enough to slip inside.
Mycroft eyed him suspiciously and cocked his head to the side. "You aren't surrounded by your usual haze of smoke."
John threw a pillow at Mycroft, who had to duck to avoid the fluffy projectile. The publisher stood back up and glared at John, who winked.
Mike got up and went to the bar, leaving John exposed to Mary's view. She immediately caught his eye and smiled.
Sherlock worked his throat, trying not to cry. "He didn't know it was mine at first, but finding that out didn't change his mind. And-and he liked the kiss, too."
"I don't know when I'll be back, it shouldn't take more than a couple of weeks, but it could take longer. This is my last night in London for God knows how long," Sherlock explained, letting go when John yanked his arm again. "I could be spending it packing; boring. Or with Mrs Hudson; embarrassing, all that crying. Or with my brother and his husband; torture. But I chose you. Doesn't that–" he stopped, looking down at his feet. "Shouldn't that count for something?"
Soon both shirts were gone, dumped onto the floor, and both men ran their hands over each other's chest. Their kisses were heated and refused to stay on their mouths, instead roving over necks, ears, shoulders; anywhere they could reach without denying the other the pleasure of kissing their partner.
Greg chuckled. "In London, actually having to buy a place, instead of stealing from that landlady of yours, he'd be right. He probably didn't want you to freak out over how much was in there."
Cathy waved her hand. "Don't be ridiculous, John. Of course you can and do. It's all the same thing, running and jumping. Only in rugby, you have the added worry of someone trying to tackle you. What you do is far more dangerous than any ballet."
John had been very attentive, he thought. Well, as much as he could without tipping Joey off that they were an item. They met up after school.
Greg shook his head, but John squeezed his shoulder. "It'll be okay, besides it's just silly superstition, right?"
Mike and John knew they were going to have to take matters into their own hands if Greg continued to fail at wooing Mycroft, so they hatched a plan. After the incident at the music shop, Greg had completely stalled out.
"Oh what the hell," Greg said, pulling Mycroft on his lap. "I was going to ask your parents first, but you might have figured it out by then."
John glared at him, but Mrs Hudson completely ignored it and continued, "He's got a meeting with a perspective publisher on Saturday."
"Hey!" John greeted. "These are my best mates, Mike Stamford," pointing to the one in glasses, who waved, "Bill Murray," he thumbed at the red-head, who flashed them an even toothier smile, "and the captain of our team, James Sholto." The remaining man just nodded shyly.
Toby: No, it's not. I've seen the reviews and most of them can't be repeated here. Why do think that is?
Once he and Mike got everyone served, they grabbed their own mugs and plates and went to sit down. Mike sat down in the open spot to Divya's left. John looked for Mary, but she was flanked by Molly and David. David smirked. But Molly went to stand up.
Sherlock was up like shot, dumping John on the floor. He was nearly to bathroom when he called over his shoulder, "Well, what are you waiting for?"
Sherlock was freaking out. Wiggins at Will Call had told him that John had shown up for one of his final performances. With another bloke. Wiggins couldn't describe him, he wasn't paying attention to the other man, only that John had come at last.
Mycroft's face lit up and he grinned, "That is fantastic." He went in for a kiss but as their lips almost touched, Greg got yanked away.
After presents Molly and Divya decided to give John and Mike a break from fixing their meal and went to make scones.
"We don't have to send you," Mycroft assured him. "You have a PA as well as an entire department of capable people, any one of whom we could send in your stead."
John sighed. There was nothing he could do until Mycroft was through talking to her. He slumped into a nearby plastic chair and hung his head over his knees, elbows on his thighs. Five minutes later a cup of very black coffee was being thrust under his face.
Mummy threw her hands in the air and went to answer the door. On the other side was a young man in a white suit coat with black tie and trousers.
Mike walked slowly down the steps from the stage to the floor and cheer went up as Mike and Anthea met in the middle.
It took him a couple of days to figure out Mycroft's schedule. Well, if he was honest, he mainly got himself into trouble and then peeked at the school files while he was waiting for Mrs Hudson to let him in. Apparently her story was going well, because it took her a half hour to open her door. Which had given him plenty of time to get Mycroft's schedule and look it over. Greg sighed as one particular class stood out to him.
I'm so sorry. It was a combination of things, getting sick, writing a murder mystery for my birthday party, writing a slightly more explicit sex scene than I'm use to, and not wanting this story to be over with.
"You haven't missed a meeting since Victor went and put up all those pictures of the two of you when you were dating, and I just worried is all," Mycroft explained.
"There are several areas of the house that are considered haunted," Sherlock explained, as they walked down the hall to a set of staircases. "Milverton made it to be maze like; his servants were often getting lost and were forbidden to make maps. It is suspected that he did this to prevent would-be vigilantes trying to avenge their love ones or even the victims themselves breaking in to steal the evidence on them."
"So what happened?" John asked, mostly because Mike wanted to tell him and not because he was actually interested.
John slowly worked Sherlock open, taking his time. They had all night after all, and he didn't want to hurt Sherlock their first time.
Sherlock's laugh was far more genuine this time. "I have both books fully written and edited on a thumb drive in a picture frame in my office. And if I ever get the itch to try writing again, I look at it or if I'm away from home I just go to any book review site and read the reviews for 'Griffin's Steps'."
"Did you ever find out how Mike was paying for things when we went out, or why no one said anything when the two of you were being driven around in your car?" John asked, snuggling closer to Sherlock.
Sherlock was looking at his closet yet again. This time he had the sense to leave the clothes where they were, he hadn't enjoyed the clean up when he got back from tutoring John.
They couldn't bear to sell it, so they boarded it up and told Molly that when Will was old enough to need a place of his own, it would be his. They had talked it over with Greg and Molly, first, as Will was barely sixteen at the time, but they agreed that upon him turning of age, Baker Street would be his.
Molly had been looking down throughout her ramble and when she looked up, she gasped. There had been a subtle shift in their demeanor and suddenly she found that she could read them just fine.
Mike chuckled. "I don't care what the reason, I'm grateful. You get kept alive and bad guys go to jail. Really, it's a win-win situation."
"It's time for a little history lesson in the life of one William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I entered uni at a young age. Younger than what is average, in any case. The trust fund was set up so that I could only receive it if I had completed a degree. They didn't care what. Art history, English lit., or even apiology for all they cared. As long as it was something.
They weren't in the front room or the study. Will poked his head out back, where the bees were kept, but they weren't there either.
"Well, when John Watson, the star of the London rugby team, comes in with his super model girlfriend, of course he's going to get priority over some nobody and his mummy." She made the last word sound like an insult.
John looked down only to be met with his duvet. He tried to pry it off him, but he was a weak as a kitten.
He searched the house high and low, but could not find them. He finally decided he should check the bedroom for them. But when he opened the door, what he saw made him sink against the doorframe and sob.
made me a deal," he replied. "If I make it through this year of school and pass all my exams, she'll let me play polo during my gap year. So here I am."
He tenderly put Sherlock's legs back on the bed and slid out. He moved to his lover's side and pulled him close.
"Emilia Ricoletti was deranged before she had heard of you, Sherlock," John argued. "She was always going to fixate on someone. It could have been a sports figure like me or even an actor or musician. We don't know enough about her past to speculate about how, when, or why she decided on you. But it. Does. NOT. Matter."
"I'm a little fonder of the universe, then, if it thought we should meet," John muttered, drifting off to sleep.
Greg tilted his head to the side, questioning. "You know, you don't strike me as the sort that would need permission from anyone, let alone their mum."
John rubbed his face. "I don't have a fear of crowds or public speaking or any of that, but for some reason my anxiety spiked and began to hyperfocus on the sudden upheaval of my life." He stopped for a second and then swore a blue streak. "Okay so maybe not for no reason."
John went and got a bit of his favorites and sat down at the table. He watched Sherlock pour two drinks and handed one to John.
Divya laughed. "The more, the merrier. I just fixed up some curry, please have some, sit. I'll take your things." She grabbed the luggage from Greg and motioned to Molly to help her.
She clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. He was right, of course. There was no show without him and the smug bastard knew it. As long as Sherlock Holmes wanted the job, it was his. "Unmasking the Supernatural: The Science of Demystifying the Ethereal," for all its cumbersome title, wouldn't be popular without its eccentric host.
He suddenly found himself with an armful of consulting detective. He soothed Sherlock as the heart-breaking sobs of when he came in changed to the tears of a man who had been given the greatest gift of all.
"If you only said had something before," Mike said, swinging his shovel around. "I have a satellite phone back at the lodge that you could have used. In fact, once we get you unburied, I'll let you use it before you go, so you can let her know you're on your way."
"That's what they said, but being promiscuous doesn't make you a slut in my opinion. I just means you're promiscuous."
"You berk, get up here and kiss me," John groused. Sherlock came up and did just that, the smile refusing to leave his face.
They finished their meal shortly after that. They were all standing around under the valet awning waiting for the valets to return with their cars.
So John started to bring coffee and scones for James, Mrs Hudson and himself to cheer himself up. Winter was coming in and still Sherlock was in Ireland.
This was why Sherlock was gay. He really couldn’t see the appeal in the other sex. Give him a broad, flat chest, tanned skin, blue eyes that shone like sapphires, and sun-kissed blonde hair. Sherlock cursed. He had just described John.
And now for the part I've been promising for two chapters Greg serenading Mycroft!! Yay!!! (Insert Kermit the Frog arm flail here)
Mycroft and Greg had taken the other two back to their flat after the police finished getting their testimonies about what had happened.
John sighed, too. This wasn't how he imagined dinner would go. "I don't like it either, love. But I'm sure it'll get better as the night wears on. He'll get too busy and forget all about us."
"Where did you put it?" Sherlock growled. "Where is it?" He continued his dance about the room and John looked on in wonder. He loved this.
John had a vague idea what the silent ones were trying to say most of the time; but the one that haunted his bathroom, he had no idea what the hell
"I let you out of my sight for two minutes and you catch my murderer by what, exactly? Tackling him to the ground?"
"I'll suspect you'll want a shower," Sherlock said, side-stepping the question. "Go, I'll grab you some clothes to change into."
"Me too," Sherlock admitted softly. "I honestly don't know what this idiot is doing, but I think he is trying to see which buttons he can press before someone snaps. Particularly me."
"What do you mean the printer says the images for 'Kellen's Den' are wrong? I've sent them the same size files I always have. How can they be wrong?"
"I know we haven't been dating long," Greg looked over at Mary, who blushed. "But we've know each other for years before that, will you marry me?"
," Sherlock said, sticking out his thumb toward the maitre d', "gave away because we were only five minutes late."
Then the most popular boy in school, Bertie Gruner, spoke up, "As opposed to a bitter, self-righteous tosser who has no friends?"
"Fuck," John cursed as he pulled his shirt from Sherlock's fingers and began buttoning back up again. "Yeah. I'm just glad it didn't bleed. I think she changed the intent of the bullet when she saw it was going to hit me and not you."
"Violin, is very romantic, nothing quite like being serenaded on violin in an Italian restaurant, eh?" Angelo beamed.
Greg closed his eyes, he wanted to reassure Mycroft that this wasn't what it looked like, but it really was. So he ignored the other boy and opened his eyes to glare at Bertie. "Sherlock is a
Toby: I'm the one that should be apologizing to you. I understand that the Mary Sue or in this case Bobby Stu aspect was a perceived fault that critics latched onto when they reviewed the book.
"That pest Miss Adler, kept texting me all morning demanding to know why you were late to her meeting," Mycroft explained. "As if I keep tabs on every breath you take."
"Anderson!" Sherlock hissed as he danced around the room. "Where is her purse?" He wove around the room looking for her purse.
Once he was finished, he put it some place safe, then quietly slipped out of their flat. He didn't want to be there when Sherlock read the note. He didn't think he could stand it.
The day had finally come and the whole shop was in a twitter. The release party was to be held at 221Books with everyone heading to Mycroft's penthouse flat for the after party.
John noted that she hadn't mentioned her name, but he knew the type. Asking for it, no matter how nicely, would result in either a knee to the groin or being completely ignored. And neither was worth it. Plus he wanted to stay on her good side.
John shrugged it off, he had better things to do than worry about this guy now. If he turned out to be the school bully he'd know to watch out for him, but until then he had to find out where his first class was.
"Will you be spending this evening packing or...were you planning a more pleasurable way to spend your last night England for a fortnight?" Mycroft asked, aiming for nonchalant.
He had come from an adjacent alley and Sherlock had headed him off by leaping through the air, apparently.
"Fantastic!" John said, beaming up at Sherlock. "Hey, me and a couple of the boys are going out to get something to eat, why don't you and your friends join us?"
John nudged Sherlock and even whispered in his ear, "He is just a friend, Sherlock. I only have eyes for you."
"Well, well, Mr Holmes," Gregson said, rubbing his hands together gleefully. "This is the prettiest fish you have netted me to date."
"I'm not talented, John." Sherlock stared John in the eye, very solemn, "Everything I've accomplished is from years of hard work and study. I do a lot things well and a couple things decently enough, and then there is my dancing...that isn't something I
They had exchanged numbers and John had spent the whole week continually surprising Sherlock. So here he was trying to find an outfit that would further impress the rugby player. He had tried on several shirts, trousers, leggings, shorts, and finally struck on a combination that he was satisfied with.
The TV host stood there for a moment, in shock but then moved to wrap his arms around John. "Thank you."
When John excused himself to go the restroom, Sherlock had to clamp down on the emotion that this was it, John wasn't going to come back.
John chuckled, removing the shirt. Sherlock reached out to touch, reveling in the strong outline of John's muscles.
"Which meant Mycroft didn't know about it either, I'm willing to bet," John said, moving his pawn to meet Sherlock's.
Sherlock was trying to keep his attention on the bookshop owner, but whenever he looked over at John, the man was focused on his phone, a deep frown between his brows.
He got on his motorcycle and put on his helmet, wondering where he went wrong this time. He rode off without finding an answer.
Mrs Hudson cleared her throat. "Is there any way to know for sure it was Victor who sold you out to the press?"
John spilled across the sheets while Sherlock spilled into him, the contraction of John’s muscles sending him over the edge.
As John clung to Sherlock’s neck, legs wrapped around his waist, Sherlock’s hands at John’s hips, he could feel the other man’s climax building.
Hey everyone! So this is going to be the last update for probably quite a while. The next two months are going to be SUPER busy for me and I am not sure if and when I will find a moment during that time to update.
“John…I understand there is a history between us. However, I must tell you that over the past several years I have begun to consider myself married to my work and—”
Standing at the edge of the bed, John could drink in the sight of the gorgeous woman before him. The moon light, broken and filtered through the curtains, bathed her skin. Her breasts were pert and luscious covered in that soft lace. John’s mouth began to water as he forgot all about the strange encounter with the eerie man in the living room.
John fucked her with abandon. Clementine’s howls of pleasure and Sherlock’s warm silky words surrounded him.
“He is the British government," Sherlock interjected, "When he’s not too busy being the British secret service.”
“Sherlock?” Victor said, as if it were the first time hearing the name. “Oh, yeah! Tall guy? Dark hair? Beautiful lips?”
It wasn’t until he made it to the electric pot, completely naked, that he noticed the suit sitting at the kitchen table.
This pulled his attention away from the feeble form on the ground and back to his wife. Good. That’s what she wanted.
While John wasn’t sure if Sherlock was intentional with his touches, he was intentional in his decision to return them. Unsure what the new touching rules were, or if there even were any, John decided to start small. A hand on the shoulder whenever he left the flat. Sherlock didn’t even realize John was leaving half the time anyway so he figured this would be a safe place to test the waters.
Sherlock hummed enthusiastically against John’s quivering flesh, hands on either cheek of his luscious arse, spreading the other man open. Pulling back suddenly, Sherlock landed a quick slap to the fleshy mound of John’s backside.
After one particularly stinging criticism, John smoothly took Sherlock’s hand in his and brought it to his lips. He placed a sweet kiss on the back of the hand before lacing their fingers together and settling their hands on the couch between them.
Clementine could no longer stand back and watch. She marched forward, but John held out his arm to keep her behind him.
“Castor began the debridement,” Garrett stated, seemingly oblivious to the tension around him. “But he was—interrupted.” He shot a pointed look at Sherlock, who tore his gaze from a nervous and bewildered John.
Then Sherlock felt it. John was coming. He gripped onto Clementine hard, riding out the waves of his orgasm.
She had not been the only one to keep secrets. His sister’s alcoholism was an infrequent, but persistent interruption in his life. He hated it. He hated seeing his strong, wise, and loving sister reduced to a slobbering idiot. She deserved better. She
“Those lips,” John huffed out. “They are so luscious.” He leaned in to capture Sherlock’s lips in a slow needy kiss. “They taste amazing.” A small nip at his bottom lip. “They look so amazing wrapped around my cock.” Sherlock let out a quivering moan at this statement.
“Oh, um hello. I’m here to see Clementine.” John tried for his most gentlemanly demeanor, but knew there was only so gentlemanly one could appear knocking on a woman’s door late Friday evening. The woman seemed unfazed, though.
Her mother was now purely in the past tense. Everything that she ever was or was ever going to be was gone. Eradicated in an instant. Crumbled beneath strong fierce hands.
“He lifted his hand, getting ready to hit her. I was so scared and I didn’t know what to do so I just yelled, ‘Daddy! Don’t hit mommy! You’ll scare Santa away!”
“Can’t you see that I am busy?” She motioned to John, who gave a pathetic wave. Sherlock gave him a cursory glance and then returned his attentions to Clementine.
“The next part is simple. The inscription on the back: Harry Watson. Clearly a relative of yours. This phone has all the latest bells and whistles, a young man’s gadget, which rules out father or uncle. Sure it could be a cousin, but you are a young responsible medical student living in a rundown bedsit. Why else would you bring Clem back here instead of your place? So it is unlikely that you have an extended family, at least one you are close to, else you would be living with them. So brother it is. The fact that it was originally a gift to your brother is quite easy. If
“That’s what this is all about isn’t it?” John said softly. Neither one of them responded. John lifted his head to run his lips across the soft skin of Sherlock’s back once more. “She makes you feel safe doesn’t she?”
“Clem?” A broken voice sounded behind her. She shot around searching for the source. A thin figure, splayed out on a bed of cardboard sat up. The figure wore filthy tattered clothes and a stocking cap. But through the dimness, underneath the grime Clem could see the sharp features of her friend.
“John.” Her voice took on a stern edge. John willfully ignored it, sinking deeper into the pleasure of the bodies surrounding him.
John released a bark of laughter. What an unexpected and inexplicable creature this man was. After a moment John heard the deep rumbling of his companion’s laughter. The two men gave into a fit of giggles before shaking hands and introducing themselves.
He hopped into the first cab he could find and a short while later was standing outside the door marked 221b. He grabbed the knocker and clanged it a few times. To his surprise an elderly woman answered the door.
“Oh, sure! According to the lab assistant? Hardly a reliable source. I told you her mask was in her desk drawer. I saw it there that afternoon.” Sherlock paced back and forth, manically in front of Mycroft’s desk.
“Stop it! He loves you and you know it. Let him help. Get clean. Finish school. When you are ready give this back to me. We can start over, move in together. We’ll go to university. Be grownups. Be together.”
John looked back to Clementine, who seemed to have stopped pacing, before regarding Sherlock once more.
“I think the time for talk is over boys. All I want to hear is the sound of you two fucking each other into oblivion. Put that brilliant cock of yours to work, John Watson.”
“You are nothing but a distraction and you have been nothing but a distraction this whole time!” Sherlock advanced on John, who stepped back in surprise.
“Text Clem and see when she’s coming home.” John figured since he was already on his phone he might as well do something useful.
“Don’t be silly,” he said, planting a gentle kiss to the other man’s lips. “I was merely curious.” A kiss to his cheek. “She doesn’t usually work this late.” A kiss to the neck.
“Where is it Mycroft? She never takes it off. Not since the day I gave it back to her. It wasn’t in her personal possessions at the hospital and it isn’t at the flat.”
“Go on, Sherlock.” He heard John whisper in his ear. “Tell her how she looks. Tell her how wet she’s making you.”
It took John a moment to dust off that name from the recesses of his memory. As far as John was concerned Mike Stamford was from another world entirely. He shifted his cane and reached his hand out to greet the other man.
Clementine shot him a questioning look, peering down at the hand, back to his sister, then back to his face. John nodded slightly in affirmation. Clementine gave him a sweet smile and nodded back.
He hadn’t been on an actual date for almost eight months. It was before the awkward almost-kiss he and Sherlock shared in the kitchen. She was a nice woman that he had met at a pub one night with Stamford. They went out to dinner, grabbed a few beers after and ended up at her place. The night ended with a blow job for him and John fingering her to climax. He left with a smile and a quick peck to the cheek. Neither one ever called the other.
“Holy shit!” Sherlock couldn’t help but jerk his hips forward in pleasure. John hummed in satisfaction.
“That’s what this is all about,” John said waving his hand about as if the situation were something he could gesture towards.
Shit. People know about him? Do they know what Sherlock and Clementine liked to do together? John wasn’t particularly keen on word getting out that he let some strange bloke watch him fuck a woman he picked up at the pub.
Thank you all for your lovely comments and suggestions! I love hearing what you think and any ideas you have.
“There was nothing in your letters that would have been helpful to Sherlock.” The statement hit John with such a blunt, matter-of-fact tone it knocked him back a step.
“Oh god!” He gasped out. “Please. Please. Please” He wasn’t sure what he was begging for or from whom, but when John began to move he knew that was exactly what he needed.
With a huff Sherlock pulled himself from the bed. He grabbed Clementine’s dressing gown from the back of her door and wrapped it around his naked frame, before plodding into the kitchen. John, following close behind picked up his trousers from the hallway and hurriedly put them on.
He wanted so badly to take her away. To take away all of her pain and fear. The desire burned deep within him, a monumental feeling for such a young body. But what could a little boy do?
She was dressed in a smart, plane navy blue day dress with a slight frill at the collar. Small wire framed spectacles rested delicately on her nose. Her hands were cleaned of their usual smudged ink. She had always difficulty keeping her hands off the lead, but she was not about to get ink on the loaned tux John was wearing tonight. A bit of ink was, however, smudged on her cheek. It made John smile.
“From the moment I saw you in the pub I wanted you.” He pulled her shirt over her head. “Wanted to feel your body. Wanted to taste your skin.” He pulled his shirt off as well, before leaning back down to suckle at her neck.
“Come on,” the soft voice above him spoke, “Come lay with me on the couch and watch this. It’s starting to get cold out and you’re going to need the body warmth you lanky git.”
He stopped when he felt the side of his overstuffed chair hit the back of his legs. He didn’t fall over, just stood firm as John continued his forward march. When he reached his final destination, John pressed their chests together, swiftly cupping the back of Sherlock’s shower damp head and pulled him in for a kiss.
I think that is why I decided to write. He got me thinking about you and hoping you were doing well. What are you up to these days? Using your chemistry genius to invent new drugs and cure illnesses? Or have you simply found new ways to make the kitchen smell? Haha!
“The way you carry yourself, your authoritative air, and strength says well suited for military career. Possibly even some UOTC training.” John postured a bit at this complement.
John set a hand on Clementine’s shoulder and gently kissed the top of her hair. She reached up and brought John’s arm around her chest, between her and Sherlock.
Clementine hadn’t been quite so lucky. She had suffered hairline fractures to the back of her skull from hitting the floor and multiple basal fractures inflicted by her father’s elbow to her face. This had required some minimally invasive surgery that, while normally an outpatient procedure, coupled with her additional head injury had warranted an extended stay in the hospital.
As Clem walked through the building she stepped over heaps of trash, wet clothing, drug paraphernalia, and the occasional passed out body. At one point she came upon a young woman who looked to be about her age. Clem couldn’t tell if she was breathing. The urge overwhelmed her and she reached down to check on the young woman.
He reached over grabbing a small foil packet, tearing it open and sliding the rubber sheath down his aching cock. Positioning himself behind her he lined himself up with her slick opening, pushing just the tip of the head in. He then leaned in to her and with a gruff voice said,
“I want you to look at him.” He said. “I want you to look him in the eyes as you come. I want you to come together.” He shot a look at Sherlock, who appeared to be on the edge. John reached down and flicked her clit with his middle finger. Clem howled as she came. Her body shivered, convulsed, and John gripped her hip with his free hand to keep her seated on his cock. He felt her orgasm as it racked her body. She never broke eye contact with Sherlock, though. Just when her orgasm seemed to peak Sherlock spilled over his hand and her pleasure was renewed. John continued his relentless ministrations and thrusting.
This was the first time that they had all shared a bed for something other than sex. It was sweet and comforting and seemed so right.
Now, a year later, the two got on jovially. Aunt Martha was the shining ray of light in the shite show that had become her life. She had transferred schools for sixth form. This was good, she reasoned, as it meant Sherlock likely wouldn’t have to change schools. She wouldn’t have put it past his parents to pull him from the most prestigious public school in the area because of her. Probably would have sent him to Harrow or Eaton instead.
His stomach turned. What had he done? How had he put her in that position? Tears burned in his eyes.
It was clear that Sherlock was panicking. John cupped his face to still him, looking right into his eyes.
and I have no expensive equipment.” His voice was casual, but self-satisfied at proving his know-it-all lover wrong.
had them,” came Mycroft’s voice from behind him. John spun around, startled to see Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table. John looked back to Sherlock, who still sitting on the couch, speechless.
Sometimes it would happen at the most mundane of times, when they were watching telly or sat in their chairs reading. One would look over at the other, an unspoken desire communicated and they would find themselves in each other’s arms.
Shortly after John returned to his place above Sherlock, the tall man felt slick fingers at his entrance.
It took a few moments before their heads cleared and they regained full control of their limbs. Untangling themselves from each other gently, John leaned back against the headboard of the bed, while Clementine remained prone, her head at the foot of the bed. As Sherlock slowly climbed off of her, Clem reached up a hand to run gently down his cheek. The two shared a gentle smile.
When a cool slick finger slid down the split in her cheeks she realized what he had done, what he was going to do.
John moaned and Clementine pushed her arse into his thrusts. She had reached between her legs and was rubbing her clit.
But if he was being honest, he couldn’t give a damn if they noticed him or not in that moment. Clementine was wearing a skirt. A short flowy skirt that, when she was standing up-right, probably hit her mid-thigh. Since she was bending over, however, it hit her right above the crease where her thighs ended and her ass began.
“Myc!” John heard Clementine’s pleased voice behind him the same moment he saw the stern look melt away from the stuffy man’s face.
He was a thing of beauty, John thought. The sleek sinewy body John appreciated in a man and the skilled control of brute force that he respected.
Her father was throwing one of his many client parties. He was the best financial advisor in the UK. Among his clients were the richest of business world, the most influential of the political world, and more recently some of the oldest landowners in Britain. Old money, they were called.
“You did, when you spoke to Doctor Stapelton. That man cannot stand to speak about anything but medicine. The fact that you were able to actively engage him in what appeared to be amicable conversation for an extended period of time suggests medical training. Filed surgeon, most likely.”
“Thank you for being there for me today in more ways than one.” She leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to John’s lips.
He pulled out of Clementine’s mouth and gripped the base of his cock. She wiped her hand along her mouth, hair falling messily around her face. A growl escaped John’s lips as he lunged forward, pushing Clementine on her back. He deftly relieved her of the dainty black knickers she had been wearing, bringing them to his nose for a brief inhale, before tossing them to the floor.
“It is really important that you keep your nutrition adequate. You will heal faster, better, if you stay well-fed.”
When John came over and it was just Clementine they would lay together on the couch. Sometimes they would talk, about nothing in particular. Light hearted banter about who was a better detective, Poirot or Miss Marple. Other times they would just lay there in each other’s arms, John running his fingers through her hair until Sherlock came home.
There were at least five people in the cramped room. Each lay on some form sleeping pad. Some were actual mattresses. Some were nothing more than broken down stacked cardboard boxes. She couldn’t tell if any of them were actually Sherlock at first. She peered around, checking for any recognizable features. Then she spotted it. A matted snarl of greasy dark curls. She knelt down beside the body. Placing a hand on its shoulder, she shook gently.
Sorry, this must be really boring. I hope you are doing well. I’d love to hear from you if you feel so inclined. You can send letters to the address on this envelope. If that changes I will let you know.
Sherlock was frozen. John looked to him for some kind of answer. When none was forthcoming he looked back at Mycroft.
Clementine and her mother looked very much alike, all pale skin, long dark hair and fading bruises. They shared a sweet, but hardened look. As Sherlock and Clem sat at the kitchen counter eating the freshly baked goods her mother provided, Sherlock savored the moment. A moment when both women were relaxed, the sweetness taking over the hardness.
“For the last time, Jim, no.” John recognized Clem’s voice and peered through the glass on the lab door.
I watched TAB on Netflix the other night and got inspired to write Mycroft feels. I wanted to see him at a time when his affections for Sherlock were more unguarded, the moments that led him to conclude caring wasn't an advantage.
Clementine and Sherlock froze. He was home. What was he doing home? He wass at least two hours early.
John knew the song was not for him, but he couldn’t help but be soothed by Sherlock’s words. The song seemed familiar, something from his youth perhaps. In this moment, sung in that deep baritone he loved so much, the song enveloped him.
I think I may just go insane before my tour is up. The nurse that works on my shift at the base hospital is completely bonkers and it is driving me up the wall. He is absolutely obsessed with pottery. He goes on and on about materials, design, history, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I didn’t even know you could say that much about pottery and there isn’t even any pottery in the room! Sometimes, he gets so overcome talking about it that he starts to weep. I sear. No joke. I think his knowledge of pottery may even rival your knowledge of chemistry. Though that is not really a fair comparison.
“I’ll try my best,” he said, without turning around, “But I take no responsibility for my actions while I’m asleep. So you better get your arse to bed soon.”
“The only person who can stand to be around you is goddamn freak. I’m sure the only reason John is here is because you have been fucking his brains out.”
“Yes.” Her word was more breath than voice, as Clementine road high on a cloud of pure lust. But she could still hear the smirk in John's voice.
Sherlock, ignoring the movement of his companions, continued to read. When John reached Sherlock he plucked the paper from his hands. Sherlock gaped up at John, startled by his actions.
John was acutely aware of these touches. Each one electrifying his skin. They seemed deliberate, but subconscious. Sherlock clearly meant to touch him, but John was not sure how much thought he put into them. They were simple reassuring touches. I’m here, said a hand on his shoulder as John read in his chair. Pardon me, said a soft bump of the hip as Sherlock maneuvered around John in the kitchen, hands full of glass beakers. I understand, said a soft squeeze to his shoulder.
“When I said I don’t trust Clementine, what I meant was: I don’t trust Clementine to not fall in love with you.”
Standing in the doorway was a young boy, looking to be about her age, with a mess of shaggy curls hanging around his face. He was breathing hard and looked around the room frantically, his eyes not even registering Clementine sitting up stock straight in her chair.
John and Sherlock stood at the counter waiting for their dinner. Apparently, assured of his success, Sherlock had added his own order before ever coming to the table. Rather presumptuous John thought.
Clementine put a few slices of bread in the broiler. Sherlock pulled out a jar of jam from the fridge and reached for a stack of plates. Clementine traded Sherlock the plates for a butter knife. After turning the bread Clementine spread the three plates out on the counter and traded Sherlock the jam for a container of butter.
“Look, you know that ‘never’ is a huge exaggeration. I’m sure she look it off at the flat and you just haven’t found it yet.”
“I can’t wait to get you perched on my cock. Would you like that?” His voice as low and heavy, eyes glazed over with lust. Clementine stared up from the bed, equally affected. “Would you like me to fuck you until you cum?”
Then John felt it. Soft palms running down his back. The heavy weight of breasts brushing against his shoulders. Wet lips trailing kisses across his neck. The weight of the lithe body against his back grounded him.
“Listen. I’ve survived far worse that a house full of junkies. I can handle myself and you can provide me back up.”
Sherlock had disappeared. The absolute nutter had gotten into a car with a deranged cabbie. A bloody murderer! John chased after them. There was no way he was going to lose Sherlock, not again. Not like this. He found the cab parked outside a school. But which building was he in? John chose one, burst through the doors and jogged up and down the hallways. He ducked in and out of any open room he could, calling Sherlock’s name. Eventually he burst through a door and saw the dark mop of curly hair.
Clem reached out her hand as if at any moment the apparition would disappear. She gently lifted one and brought it to her face. It was soft, fluffy, light. She inhaled its delicate scent, butter and flower with just a hint of lemon zest and sugar. She took a bite. It crumbled in her mouth, the pieces melting on her tongue.
“I need to stretch out that tight little body of yours so you can take all of me don’t I?” John slid in second finger and began pumping in and out. Then he wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s aching prick.
Below them Sherlock had become furious in his devotion to sucking them off. He moved his face with their thrusting. They could feel the slick slide against his lips and tongue. John couldn’t help but think how much he wanted that gorgeous mouth on his arse.
A few veiled threats, a plea for help, and some stunning deductions of his own, Mycroft stood staring at John.
Sherlock was amazingly skilled, keeping tight wet pressure up and down his shaft, stroking what he couldn’t fit in his mouth with his hand. His tongue flicked over John’s slit on every up stroke. John ran his fingers through the soft curls in front of him, moving his hand with the bobbing of Sherlock’s head.
He didn’t want to hurt him. That’s why he had made this decision. That’s why he’s leaving. He could sense the shift in their feelings toward him as well. They were growing fond, attached. While he was unsure of specifics he knew that they both had experienced abandonment, loss, and loneliness in their life.
John pulled Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers and splayed his hands on the man’s bare back, needing to feel the heat of his skin. Sherlock moaned into John’s mouth at the contact.
“Are you two ever intimate when I’m not here?” John couldn’t believe he had just said that out loud. He had been wondering for a while now. Since he watched Sherlock fuck Clementine, really.
With that he walked past John and toward the exit. He didn’t even pause his stride when he called back, “Welcome back, Dr. Watson.”
“John.” His name was a benediction, a gasped confession of everything Sherlock felt, but was unable to express, as the sensation of John’s body on his had robbed him of coherent speech.
Tentatively John ran his tongue over Sherlock’s tight pucker. The man moaned obscenely. Emboldened by this response John began lapping at him, dipping his tongue past his tight entrance periodically. Sherlock was a debauched mess. His brain was short circuiting with every press of John’s tongue. Clementine purred encouragements in his ear.
Sherlock loosened his grip in John’s hair, trying to pull back, but was blocked by the chair behind him. John could see his trepidation. He clamped Sherlock’s hand back down onto his head, urging him to keep his grip.
Sherlock held on to is sulky countenance with an icy grip, but with each warm press of lips to skin he melted further until he was laid back on the couch, completely surrounded by the med student on top of him.
“Sherlock. What are you doing?” Mycroft seethed at him, holding Ms. Hudson tighter as she let out a wracked sob. Sherlock turned on his brother.
John groaned deeply at those words. He pulled himself from the crook of Sherlock’s neck and looked him in the eyes.
With this statement John had reached the final button and deftly relieved Sherlock of his button down, leaving him only in his undershirt.
“Our families are friends. We were forced to associate as children.” Clementine took over the story as John pulled Sherlock’s shirt over his head. “Sherlock can be a bit of a prat at the best of times.” Clem ignored the stinging glare sent her way. “So you can only imagine what he was like as a child.”
“Did you meet that roommate of hers at least?” This question came from Sally, Anderson’s girlfriend. “That guy is a real freak.”
John began to gently spread his fingers, stretching her out, preparing her. She cried out in pleasure as he inserted a third finger, continuing to pump in and out.
“That would require some rather expensive equipment, harnesses and what not,” said Sherlock, his voice strained and wrecked. He was clearly on edge. Just then John slowly began stroking his hand in and out of his body.
John didn’t know what to say. All these years all he had wanted to do was talk to Sherlock. Hear his voice. Hear him say wonderful, comforting things. He would have given anything to hear Sherlock come close to saying the beautiful things he is saying now. But all he could think to say was:
Sherlock hailed a cab, ignoring Clementine’s protests. She grabbed his arm as a cab pulled to the curb. He turned and looked her in the eye.
The snogging was harder to justify along these lines, though. In the rare moments when Sherlock was honest with himself he knew that his participation in the kissing and groping sessions were more for his pleasure than John’s, though John did seem to thoroughly enjoy them.
She watched, detached as the movers and cleaners and appraisers checked off lists, moved boxes and furniture and art and appliances, and wiped down surfaces. Her whole life there had always been people there to do extraneous housework. They had a gardener and a housekeeper. The gardener clipped the hedges, watered the flowers and trimmed the lawn. The housekeeper scrubbed the tile, dealt with the dry cleaning, and dusted the light fixtures and the corners of the tall ceilings. Her mother did daily tasks—did. She hates that word.
Who the hell did Mike think he was? They were never anything more than pub mates back in med school. The thought that Mike Stamford had ever known John Watson was laughable. It was insulting to the few people who ever did know any form of John Watson at any point in his life. Anger boiled at the back of his throat.
John stepped back, completely dumbfounded at what was transpiring before him. The two women whooped, spun, and shimmied against each other. Clementine, for all intents and purposes, looked just as drunk as Harry.
John’s flagging erection jumped at the thought. Sherlock could feel it hardening against him and he started to grind their hips together again. Slowly they rocked together as John typed out the next message.
Clementine regarded her cone where a drip of melted ice cream slowly slid down the crisp sugary surface. She licked at it before it had the chance to reach her hand. The cool viscous liquid burned against her tongue.
Clementine and John smiled lazily at each other, pulled themselves from the couch, and followed the mad chemist back to the bedroom. When they entered the room Sherlock had already laid himself in the middle of the bed.
Then without further preamble John gripped the base of his cock, lined up with Sherlock’s entrance, and thrust in until his hips slapped against the man’s arse. Sherlock howled. John angled the camera with one hand and clung to Sherlock’s hip with the other.
Mycroft had delivered the message that, by order of their parents, Sherlock was no longer allowed to associate with Clementine. She hadn’t been allowed to visit him in the hospital and had not seen him since she was discharged a few days later. Mycroft informed her that Sherlock had regained consciousness shortly after arriving at the hospital and had been kept overnight for observation. He suffered not serious injury, just the minor concussion and some bruising to the face.
“Sounds like a conundrum,” her mother sighed. “Whatever you decide, though, you need to be back by ten. You know your father’s rule.”
“I was so impressed with the way he helped people. He’s the reason I got into medicine. I wanted to help people like he did.”
“I play the violin. My job keeps me out at all hours of the day and night. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
Clementine could hear a cacophony of footsteps on the stairs. For a moment she didn’t move, just held the piteous gaze of the boy under her bed.
They never really talked about the letters after that. John picked up some locum work at a nearby clinic. In his down time he helped Sherlock grow his consulting detective business into a lucrative private detective business. Life fell into a pattern of normalcy, if you can classify random body parts in the fridge and getting kidnapped by Chinese gangsters as normal. But for the most part it was wake up, go to work, help with cases, and relax in the evenings when they’ve got nothing on.
“Goddamn it Sherlock Holmes!” Her tears began pouring again. “How could you do this to yourself!? How could you do this to me?”
John reached back to stroke her hair. Sherlock was wrapped around his front, while Clementine slid her body seductively against his back.
The shout jostled him from his thoughts. Had someone just called his name? He turned around toward the source. A portly man with a receding hairline and glasses walked quickly toward him. John couldn’t place him, but clearly the man knew John.
Sherlock met his brother in the kitchen with a curt nod, flopping into a seat at the table. John continued with his previous task of making tea.
“Yes,” she gasped. “All for you, just for you.” She was desperate, reaching out with her lips trying to capture his in another kiss.
“There is never a time where I don’t want you. I wanted you last night wrapped in that sheet. I wanted you this morning when I woke up with my arms around you. I want you right now, here on this table.”
“Oi!!” John shouted as he reached the pair. He grabbed Anderson by one hand, weaving his fingers around the other man’s thumb, and twisted. Anderson shouted in pain as his arm contorted in an unnatural way and John inserted himself between him and Clem.
So, quietly and with the greatest of care he dressed himself. Once in the living room he grabbed a piece of paper from the desk and left a short note on the kitchen table for them to find in the morning.
“Look at you naughty boys,” she sighed, gently rubbing herself. “Is this what you two get up to when I’m not around?”
“Christ, I want you so bad,” John growled has he bit down on Sherlock’s plump lower lip, before sucking it into his mouth.
The boy shrank back a bit. Clementine was aware that children of this society knew one thing above all else: never interfere with business. The anger on the group’s face gave way to disappointment.
text from John. Those texts made him blush. It was the only time they were even remotely intimate outside of the flat.
A few grueling moments of raucous shouting, bodies pushing him side to side, and an empty flask later the fight was ready to begin. The referee shouted an announcement of each fighter.
“God, that’s beautiful,” Clementine huffed, “Push that up into him, Johnny. That greedy little hole wants your cum.”
“Now, if you two are finished swapping traumatic childhood stories—” With that Sherlock turned with a flourish of his sheet and walked back to the bedroom.
It wasn’t as if John had never seen a dead body before. In fact he had seen many over the years, most of which were in much worse condition than the one on the floor in front of him. But he always knew how his patients died. Blood loss. Blunt force trauma. Dehydration. And he knew the circumstances surrounding those deaths, more or less. There was something eerie and unsettling about not knowing the basic details of this woman’s story. Then, suddenly, Sherlock began rattling off deductions. It wasn’t the whole story, but it gave a humanity to the woman that wasn’t yet present.
Sometimes it happened in the morning. John would be nearly ready to head out the door. He would lean down to give Sherlock the customary goodbye kiss. As soon as their lips touched, that yearning, that urgent need for the other roiled deep in their stomachs. Sherlock would stand, wrapping his arms around John and who would inevitably be late for work.
“Fine. Fine,” he said, his tone relenting, but affectionate. “It just seemed like the kind of movie you would like.”
“I was going to go into my sister’s room to wake her up, but when I got into the hallway the noise in the living room sounded strange. It sounded like someone crying. I peeked around the corner and saw presents scattered across the living room floor. Some of the wrapping had been ripped, the toys in some of the gift bags had spilled out. And there, in the middle of all of it, was my dad towering over my mom.
They stood in the living room a few moments longer just kissing. John ran his hands through her silky hair, down her back, and lightly squeezed her plump bum through her thin shorts. No panties either, apparently.
He fell asleep that night with thoughts of the sinful quick-witted mouth on his prick and woke up as hard as a lead pipe. He was sure that his chance of seeing Holmes again was non-existent. Not only was he completely out of John's league, but John's article would laden with criticisms of the fundraisers opulence juxtaposed to the poverty it feigned to assist. While he wouldn't be fired for such scandal he knew he would be blacklisted from future high-society events.
Suddenly Sherlock’s hands were on John’s shoulders pushing his jacket off. John began kicking out of his shoes, never once losing contact with Sherlock’s lips.
“No thank you Auntie!” Clementine called down from the stairs where she had already dragged John halfway up by the arm.
Sherlock blushed at the show of affection and turned to Clementine who was leaning against the counter, chewing her toast and sipping her tea. She gave Sherlock a knowing look.
Sherlock stood staring at her, making no move to the door. Clementine motioned to it, waving him out of the room.
John could feel a heated blush in his cheeks. Clementine approached Sherlock, who had sat himself across from John at the table, and ran her fingers through his hair. He leaned into the sensation like a cat, nearly purring at the contact.
Mycroft had not told her that the apartment she was to share with Aunt Martha was a one-bedroom. So shortly after she was left, face and heart shattered into fragments, at this new domicile she would call home, she was shown to her new bedroom, the living room.
“With pleasure,” he growled before smashing their lips together. With more desperation than finesse, John relieved Sherlock of every article of clothing. Then, with a sharp slap to his bare arse, positioned his lover back on the couch on all fours.
“I’ve missed you so much.” John achingly admitted between kisses. “I’ve missed the feel of your body under my hands, the sound of your voice in my ear.”
As their breath quickened and bodies fell into a rhythm, John felt large strong hands slide onto his hips.
Clem waved at the two men holding the teen and began walking off. Panic gripped Victor again as they began to drag him off.
The features on Clem’s face melted from total fright to raging anger. Tears no longer pooled in her eyes as her fists clenched and her spine straightened.
They made their way back to Sherlock’s bedroom, pausing when they reached the bed. Sherlock leaned in and kissed John. The franticness was gone. Sherlock poured every ounce of what he was feeling into that kiss. It told John how much Sherlock had missed him too. It told John how much Sherlock wanted him, how much he needed him, in this moment and beyond.
“Yeah that’s it. I want to see you cum all over yourself. I want you to squirt your juices all over than lounge. I want you to know, every time you walk back in there, what we made you do. What a dirty little minx you are. Cum for me love. Let me see it.”
John pulled a flask out of his vest pocket and took a swig. It quieted the burning in the pit of his stomach, the sweating of his palms. He was starting to question if this outing would be enough to settle himself. Perhaps he could pick up a young deckhand at the bar by the docks later. His prick gave a twitch at the thought.
Not to participate, of course, but to watch. The Irish had brought the sport with them to the states and John had instantly taken a liking. The thrill of the danger. The sound of the impacts. The blood, sweat, and muscle. The raw masculinity of it was a heady mixture of danger and desire for the doctor.
“I don’t know how Clem stands to live with him.” Sally continued. “He is a bloody psychopath. Do you see the books he carries around? Serial killers. Blood spatter identification. What the hell does a chemist need with books like that?”
When these parties came around she would make an appearance, greet everyone, making sure her father saw her. She would then wait until he had a few drinks, was thoroughly absorbed in shop talk and rubbing elbows before sneaking up to her bedroom, closing the door, and reading until it was time to see everyone off.
She grabbed Sherlock’s filthy hand, gently placing the necklace in his palm and wrapping his fingers around it.
On the other hand, perhaps it was simply a ploy so people wouldn’t suspect him of being a sociopath. People rarely suspect the man with a smiling wife and child. Clementine wasn’t completely sure what his ultimate motives were and it really didn’t matter.
More than anything, Sherlock felt the unending emptiness. It wasn’t a hunger or a thirst that could be satiated or quenched. It was a gaping maw that Sherlock knew could never be filled. The panic he felt was infinite. He knew there is no going back. That his life was over.
Sherlock began to fuck her fast and hard. There was no finesse no acrobatic techniques as John had expected. He was a man driven. A man with a goal. Clementine was laid back, breasts bouncing wildly at the force of his thrusts. John was hypnotized by their movements. Almost forgetting his aching prick still gripped in his hand.
Shifting from foot to foot John clenched and unclenched his fists in a vain attempt to grope his way through the situation.
“Games? Oh I’m not playing any games. I’m simply wondering why Sally is still hung up on Brice, when you’ve been shagging Sarah for the past three weeks.”
Clementine stared up at his impassive face. Her body felt like ice, terror freezing her to the spot.
The two sat there, softening cocks cradled in John’s hand, cum cooling stickily on their skin, trying to catch their breath. Sherlock leaned up and placed a soft kiss on John’s lips.
“She lives in Surry with a nice man named Tim. She left my dad when I was ten with the help of a local women’s group.”
John reveled in the tight heat of her body, the press of Sherlock’s cock against his. Clementine mewled with every thrust.
They smiled at each other across the length of the couch. For a moment they returned to drinking in silence before Clem spoke once again.
Sherlock shifted anxiously on his feet and finished the rest of his whiskey before placing the glass on the counter behind John.
He had thought a year at least. He still had nine months of clerkship left. That was going to be enough time to figure things out. To plan. But he knew there was only one plan now. Only one thing that he needed to do above all others. He looked back at the sleeping forms behind him.
The clenching around his cock and the sight of Sherlock coming undone in front of him was too much, though. He shouted his release as the most intense orgasm of his life washed over him. It felt like it would never end. Wave after wave of pleasure washing over him. When he finally came down Clem had gone boneless beneath him and Sherlock lay sated and disheveled in the arm chair.
“Well, I have work in the morning, so I’m off to bed.” John laid one more quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
The evening proceeded like a series of dream moments. Those moments that change suddenly and you find yourself in a different situation, with new people, some known, some unknown, doing things that are somehow connected to what you were doing before, but yet are wholly disconnected. No real transitions are made. There is no logical unfolding of events. You aren’t aware of how these changes come to be, but you don’t quite question them either. You just keep going forward as if the world frequently changes its axis, taking just enough time to adjust. It was this distinct feeling which flooded John’s senses.
to be reported on. That is how the rich work. If you don’t write about them then no one will know they were at the event. They will be falling all over you. The women will be captivated by your devilish good looks—” He blushed at this. “—and the men will want to tell you all about their latest business ventures and how they will make their next million.”
What John, and all other male journalists, failed to understand was that female journalists did not relish this style of writing any more than they did. If women were ever to put more than a shallowly scandalous spin on a story, if they were ever to report on more than who showed up and spoke to whom, they would be exiled from attendance at future parties, effectively ending their journalistic careers.
“Why couldn’t you have just stayed away?! I was going into the lab that night you showed up. If you hadn’t nocked on my door like a horny kicked puppy she would still be alive! I would have been there and I could have saved her!”
As he reached for his tin of pomade he couldn’t help but think of one stuffy ponce in particular. Indeed it was that man’s image which drove him out this very evening. A tall dark haired man who had read his military career in the briefest of instants.
They heaved their breaths. They licked and sucked and kissed their way over each other’s bodies. They wrapped their limbs around each other, never leaving more than a hairs breadth of room between them.
John looked down at the two bodies lying next to him. Clem was tucked into his side, face slack, chest gently rising and falling. Sherlock, on the other side of Clem, was sprawled out on his stomach lightly snoring. One arm draped haphazardly over Clem’s back. John wasn’t sure which sight was more endearing.
Mycroft’s gaze flicked between the three companions. John noticed he had the same look on his face that Sherlock often did when he was deducing someone. Then suddenly the man stiffened and drew in a deep, displeased breath.
“You do not have a monopoly on suffering Sherlock! How dare you tell me she was nothing to me?! I loved her and I will never be able to tell her that. She will never know and that kills me!”
do to me. I think about you and my cock begins to ache.” He was rubbing Sherlock’s hand against his prick now.
It was no wonder then that one evening after a long case, John, craving that touch, walked over to say goodnight to Sherlock, put his hand on his shoulder, leaned in and placed a kiss on the crown of his head. It was a quick kiss, but long enough for Sherlock to feel the full pressure of John’s lips and long enough for John to feel the softness of Sherlock’s curls on his cheeks. Sherlock didn’t flinch, didn’t stiffen. He just reached his hand up to lay on John’s.
Clementine moaned around his hardness with each shallow thrust. He didn’t hear a sound from the man in the chair. He snuck a furtive glance in his direction. Sherlock was stock still in the chair, sat in the same position John had last seen him in. Finally the pressure began to build and John could feel his orgasm approaching.
John groaned as he ran his fingers through the pooling strips of cum dripping down Sherlock’s arse. Then gently, with two fingers, gathering the viscous liquid, pushing it into his lover’s stretched and swollen hole.
The two men stepped apart. John could feel the loss of Sherlock’s closeness as he turned to pay the hostess behind the counter.
It was a quiet whimper. A question. A wonderment at the mirage before him. With the utterance of his name, John surged forward to declare forcefully that he was there. He was real.
Mycroft rubbed his face exasperated. It had been almost two weeks since Clem died and Sherlock was obsessed.
“Third degree burns in curtain three. Cooking accident. Boiling water on the arm. The patient is refusing pain meds. Castor wants you to take it.”
John ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s chest and didn’t miss it when his cock gave an interested twitch. Slowly John stalked behind Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around the man’s body, bringing his fingers to the button of his shirt. John’s lips couldn’t quite reach the tall man’s ear, but it was clear that he was speaking to him as he slowly, torturously unbuttoned his shirt.
He ran wax through his mustache, curling the tips slightly before donning his flat cap and vest, and heading out the door. His cane, his actual cane, was nothing more than a plain stick of wood with a curved handle. A far cry from the black, silver handled cane from the night before. John loathed the thing, but bore its necessity with quiet grace.
“You just say that because he’s smarter than you Sally.” It was Greg’s turn to chime in. “Sherlock is a genius and you know it.”
Before John could even find the words to answer, Sherlock was pressing into him. The two men lost themselves. Sherlock pushing frantically in and out of John’s body. John moaning and stroking his own cock, screaming “Yes, Sherlock, harder!” every time the man hit his prostate.
, Sherlock thought as he rolled the word around in his mind—came crashing down upon him, the weight of how much he missed John stabbing him in the gut. He missed eating breakfast with John. He missed telling him all the little deductions from his day that no one, but John would find interesting and brilliant. He missed kissing him good night. He missed John laying his head in Sherlock’s lap while he read. He missed the orgasms, the feel of John’s strong hands on him.
John had to work the next day and needed to be in bed at a reasonable hour. This moment, right before bed, had become a bit awkward for John recently. More and more evenings, as of late, ended with John and Sherlock in some state of physical intimacy that ended with the two of them in Sherlock’s bed. In fact, John had spent more nights in the past few months sleeping with the other man in his bed.
Still, she was unwilling to mingle long with the progeny of the rich and powerful. So today she found herself in the library of her house. She sat cross legged in her favorite chair by the window, enthralled in her latest science fiction novel.
This was a constant battle. He had been accusing her of infidelity since shortly after they had been married. It was just a product of his insecurity and anger. Even if he hadn’t kept a tight watch on her, she would never be unfaithful, even to this evil man.
“Don’t lie. He ran into the house. He is in here somewhere!” It was the boy’s turn to shout at her now.
Sherlock looked up from his microscope. His face gave nothing away. He stood slowly, eyes fixed on John as he walked toward him.
“You know what I mean!” Sherlock snapped back. “They didn’t let me examine her body. There was no sign of vomit or bodily fluids on the floor at the lab. If she had truly died on the floor as you say there would have been something. Some trace.”
“Whatever it was, it was amazing,” John tilted Sherlock’s face up to kiss his lips. Sherlock hummed with contentment.
With that Sherlock began thrusting deeply into John. His hips pushed against John's arse, propelling him into Clementine. The woman wailed beneath them. Sherlock had one hand on each lovers’ hip.
John peered at his watch. Wilkes Hall was a few minutes’ walk across campus from where he was currently, so he set off at a brisk pace.
“The drugs. He began using a few months ago. Cocaine mostly, sometimes morphine. Then he began running away again. I found him one evening in a drug den. He was laid out on a dirty mattress, unresponsive.”
“It’s alright dear. I’m just glad to see you back and healthy. Lord knows how they treat you poor dears over there,” said Ms. Hudson.
“I—I just meant—since I was just a shag to you and—and—and you didn’t care then I wasn’t going to—um—to hurt you when I ship out in three month.”
“However, I will warn you that my father is an intensely private man and would not appreciate strangers snooping through his house. And he does have quite a temper on him. Let us also not forget that my father is in charge of the money that buys you those fancy clothes and expensive electronics.”
He would be lying if he said the thought of Sherlock’s lips wrapped around him had not crossed his mind a thousand times. Most times when it did John couldn’t help but touch himself. It was more amazing than he had ever imagined, though.
“Course you hadn’t,” John smiled wickedly. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the man’s plump full lips as they wrapped around the cigarette. There was a slight cut on his bottom lip and John wanted desperately to suck it into his mouth.
He knew where the clean mugs were, the ones Clem had forbidden Sherlock to use for experiments. John chose a white one with a chemistry joke on it, something about the element of surprise, and tossed in a bag of PG Tips that sat next to the kettle on the counter.
Not only couldn’t he ask them to wait for him, but if he never came back he didn’t want to die knowing the hurt he would leave behind. It would be bad enough leaving mum and Harry behind. He couldn’t hurt Clem and Sherlock too.
“Touch yourself Sherl. Wrap those gorgeous fingers around your aching cock. I know you want it. You need it, love. Go ahead.” Clementine’s voice came through over the phone.
“For putting you in that position. For Harry touching you like that. She marked you.” He gently squeezed the side of her neck indicated the offending spot.
John nodded his head vigorously. The push and pull of her fingers and Sherlock’s lips had him right on the edge. It was too much, but not enough. Then all of a sudden her fingers stilled, deep inside him.
Clementine was completely lost. John could see it. Her head was thrown back. She leaned back against the couch, only her tits and cunt on full display as she fucked herself in front of the camera.
They clinked their glasses together then took a long sip, the liquid warmth doing nothing to calm their bodies.
“Does he like to see you take my cock like this?” His eyes still on Sherlock, as the other man tried and failed to stifle a small moan. Clementine had sunk her face into the bed, relenting her body to John’s thrusts, riding the waves of pleasure. John continued to watch Sherlock, his erection looking almost painful.
“You are the wisest and best man that I know. Of course—of course I forgive you,” John hiccupped. “I only beg that you can forgive me for leaving. Please forgive me for all the hurt I caused you.”
John knew that Sherlock couldn’t see his face, but he tried the hide the elation he felt as it burst from his chest and settled in an aching smile on his face.
Quicker than John’s eyes could take in the spectacle and his brain could process the information Sherlock landed a solid cross the other man’s jaw, while blocking a sloppy jab. An elbow to the face was next followed by a low block to the right and a high block to the left. An uppercut to the solar plexus and a hook to the jaw had The Brick stumbling backward. Sherlock moved swiftly forward executing a jab to the ribs and a cross to the other side of the jaw before mooring a solid kick to the man’s diaphragm.
John was too busy inspecting the contents of the bookshelves to really hear what she was saying. His eye had caught a shining piece, seemingly the one item Sherlock had not allowed to be covered in dust. It was a silver photo frame. In it was a picture of Clementine. John had not seen her face in over a decade. She was more beautiful than he remembered her. Dark hair and laughing eyes. Next to her, in the photo, stood Sherlock. The young, boyish Sherlock looking overly serious as Clem wrapped her arm around his, crushed into his side as if to fit herself in the frame. Standing on the opposite side of the straight-faced Sherlock was John. A huge grin split his unlined face. He saw a sparkle in his eyes that had likely dulled over the last decade. His arm wrapped genially over Sherlock’s shoulder, hand just brushing Clem’s hair.
He began frantically opening and closing the drawers of her work station. How could this have possibly happened? This couldn’t be real. She would never have made such a mistake. Something was going on. He pushed past boxes of rubber gloves, half empty tubes of chapstick, her respiratory mask and lab glasses. There was a random assortment of hair ties, lotion, pens and pads of paper in another drawer. Her lab notebook still sat open on her desk.
Sherlock was stuck. He didn’t have an active case and had just finished his latest experiment. Honestly, he knew about the date the evening John asked Sara. It was painfully obvious. Still Sherlock decided not to let on that he knew. It wasn’t his business. He had sworn off relationships in the early stages of his recovery after Clem. Not that he had ever been very good at them before. After a few years they just didn’t hold any appeal to him.
At the thought of his desire for John, Sherlock’s cock began to thicken. John reached around and gave it a few steady strokes to help it along.
“Not exactly. She owns the building and lives in the flat downstairs. Sherlock and I live in this one. There is another one in the basement, but it’s been vacant for a while. Probably because of the damp.”
“The Wilkes boy told me I could find you in here. Said you had called him a freak and told him to bugger off.”
When he was being even more honest with himself he would admit it was really Sherlock he was falling for. Clementine was a wonderful, intelligent, beautiful woman who he cared for deeply, but there was something about Sherlock that lit a fire in John’s heart.
His stiff prick bobbed from a thick nest of dark hair. John’s mouth began to water. Slowly he leaned down and ran his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s throbbing erection. Sherlock moaned deep in his throat.
John had no intention of revealing to Mike that he had no intention of staying in London much longer. Had no intention of telling Mike about the illegal handgun in the drawer in his bedsit, waiting for him to come back so he could make one final exit.
Seb, as it turns out, was a heroin dealer. Victor had let Sherlock crash at his place for a while. Her friend had been couch surfing between junkie friends and dealers for a few weeks. Victor kicked Sherlock out when he came home to find the curly haired boy passed out on his bed with a need in his arm.
The white silk nickers were gone. All John could see was Clementine’s fingers gently spreading herself open for them. He could see her glistening wetness.
Sherlock had always had boundary issues, leaning in close over John’s shoulders as he worked, read, or typed. He had no problem manhandling John in the name of a case, grabbing his hand, his head, his arm to push or pull John where he needed him to be. But these new unnecessary touches? These statement touches? They were new.
“Kids eh?” John’s voice was low, but seemingly unaffected. “I can only imagine the type of trouble you two got into.” He gave a soft chuckle as his fingertips gently caressed Sherlock’s lower abdomen.
Hey all! I'm here with another update. I just finished reading "A Little Life" and I am totally dying! My heart is broken and while I only aspire to be that amazing of a writer I decided I needed to write some sad stuff. Enjoy!
Their lips brushed every inch of exposed skin. Hands running over lean muscles and under soft warm fabric. John hummed in satisfaction. Sherlock whimpered with desire.
It was a large abandoned industrial building with a small office complex. Sherlock was holed up in the back office of the main work area. The floors in there were cement so they had not succumb to the years of leaking roofs and rainy London nights. They decided to go in during the early morning, figuring most everyone would be asleep at that point.
Clementine sat in a large overstuffed chair in her bedroom. Out her window she could hear the shrieks and laughter of other children. Hateful.
“I like to find a willing companion.” John felt his knees quaking beneath him. “Take him home and ride his cock into the next morning.”
He opened the front door and dashed up the stairs when he finally arrived. Sat at the kitchen table were a sight for sore eyes. Two dark haired beauties, hunched over microscopes, slides and Petri dishes and notebooks all around them.
Sherlock took advantage of this move, her chest now splayed and exposed, and sucked a pert nipple into his mouth. John’s finger had been circling her tight pucker and as Sherlock began ravaging her breasts Clementine relaxed into John’s touch.
Clem raised a hand and the men stopped their forward motion, not letting go of the boy. She approached the trio.
It was clear to John the middleweight was assessing his target. He saw a keen eye rake up and down the other man’s body. John's blood pumped in his ears. His breath was coming quickly. This was what he craved. This was what he needed.
“If you need anything Clementine, you can always, always call me.” Mycroft had tried to reassure her.
“Please Sherly. Please. Please! Please! Make it stop!” She wailed into Sherlock’s chest. “It hurts! Sherly, it hurts!”
Is that what she was? No. Friend. Whom he also shagged and engaged in an exclusive threesome with on a consistent basis. Yeah. That is not what a girlfriend was. You don’t share girlfriends and Sherlock was certainly not his boyfriend.
"I'm sorry we kept things from you." Clementine whispered as she brushed her lips across John's shoulder.
He was lanky, a bit tall for their age, and his hair was a ratty mop of dark curls. He wore black slacks, a white button up shirt, and sweater vest. They were all wrinkled, a sharp contrast to the shiny dress shoes that adorned his feet.
He knew it was coming, was prepared. He didn’t flinch or pause, just continued to kiss down to his chest. To stave off the eventual response he would have to make, John sucked a pink pebble into his mouth.
“When she’s right there, almost ready to cum just from being fucked.” The filthy words spilled from Sherlock’s lips and made John dizzy. “Right there, you can see it on her face.” Indeed Clem’s face had gone slack, her mouth hanging open, her eyes just barely closed. “That’s when you make your move.”
At that moment she was engrossed in the world of the book in her hands and couldn’t be bothered with such thoughts. When she was reading the whole world shut off.
Clementine closed the door behind them as John took in his new surroundings. The room was sparsely furnished with just a neatly made bed, nightstand, chest of drawers, and an armchair. A framed periodic table of the elements was the only decoration on the walls.
“Stop!” Sherlock yelled and leapt toward them. He grabbed the man’s arms, but was easily flung back. His back hit the counter and he let out a pained “oof.”
Sherlock hummed his approval before unwrapping himself from John and walking to the chair. The chair where he had first watched John fuck his roommate.
“You feel so good John.” Sherlock, was frantic, chasing his own release. John wanted to feel him come apart. Wanted Sherlock to fill him up.
John peered over the wall in concern, but no sooner had he hit the dirt than the man reached up to the edge of the wood pallet and began hauling himself up.
It took Sherlock a moment to register the words, before he crashed back into John, wrapping him in his arms.
John couldn’t believe he was back here. He thought he was the luckiest man alive. He clung to Clem’s hips and met her every downward thrust. Her breast bounced as their bodies collided. John was hypnotized by their movement. He reached up to cup them in his hands, messaging them softly. He broke his gaze from her tantalizing body to examine Sherlock. Gone was the calm cocky exterior he had exuded in the living room moments ago. He looked just how John remembered him from last time, face flushed, lips parted, and massive erection tenting his pants. But this time John looked deeper into his eyes and saw passionate desperation.
But Sherlock wasn’t there. He was sitting at a table across from an older man, the cabbie no doubt. They were one building over. Two windows and a small courtyard separated them. John thought about running from his building over to the next, but realized he wasn’t quite sure how he had gotten to the room he was currently in. Then suddenly he saw Sherlock hold up a small bottle with a large pill in it. Poison. That is how he did it. He got people to take poison. Surely Sherlock was too smart to actually take the pill.
Clementine wrapped her free hand back across his chest, holding firmly on his opposite shoulder. Sherlock brought one hand up to splay on John’s stomach, the other continuing to assist with the amazing blowjob he was currently giving John.
Under the auspice of buying a bag a weed Sherlock and Clem found themselves at Victor’s apartment one evening. Sherlock and Victor sat on the small twin bed while Clem sat on a beanbag chair that took up half of the floor space in the room. There was about as much floor space as there was bed. They chatted a bit about inane teenage things. The kind of conversation that Sherlock normally loathed, but seemed perfectly content to engage in now. Clem was utterly board. Then Victor lit a joint and took a drag.
He hesitated only a moment before lightly gripping the collar of her t-shirt and pulling it down over her shoulder. He flinched at the sight of deep purple bruises smattering her skin. He let go of her collar and pulled up the hem of her shirt, exposing more contusions on her side and back. Clementine whimpered, eyes becoming misty.
“Did you think I wouldn’t come?” He asked in a husky voice as she peeled his coat from his shoulders, throwing it in a heap by the door. As soon as his arms were free from the garment he wrapped them back around the woman in front of him.
Luckily for the kidnapped man, John and Sherlock barged into the dilapidated apartment moments before the kidnapping turned into murder. A chase ensued, the Met hot on the two men’s heals.
John couldn’t stand it. The thought of someone other than he or Sherlock touching Clementine sent molten rage down his spine. He stalked toward the two women, but Clementine shot him an urgent look and held out her hand to stop him.
She lay sprawled out on the duvet, shirtless trousers undone. He grabbed her jeans and yanked them down her legs, tossing them to the other side of the room. He looked down at her now, flushed and panting, naked but for her matching bra and knickers. John could feel his prick get harder. He moaned as he palmed his erection.
Sherlock’s eyes shot open at the sound that ripped from her mouth. The dual stimulus of John’s fingers and the image of Clementine, writhing on her own fingers while she pulled and twisted her dusky-pink nipples had Sherlock’s cock leaking.
Sherlock reciprocated by wrapping both arms around John, pulling him close and placing a kiss to the top of his head.
With that John headed off to their room and snuggled into bed. About 30 minutes later Sherlock slipped under the covers, wrapping an arm around John’s waste and the two fell asleep.
“Yeah,” John said quickly to back up her claim, “She helps me with chemistry and I try to return the favor with anatomy.” Clementine gave a little smirk upon hearing this.
When he finally felt brave enough to move away from that tantalizing cupids bow it was to lick and suck at the tall chemist’s neck. John ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s chest, circling thumbs over hardened nipples. Fingers exploring the topography of a muscled back, the swell of a luscious ass.
He began yelling at her. Telling her how cruel she was and how if she didn’t want to be his friend she should just stop pretending. Stop making him come over here just to be rejected.
Then slowly, Sherlock stood, running his hands up Clementine’s body. He paused to suckle at her breast, burying his face between them for a moment, just letting the soft mounds brush against his cheeks, before leaning over her shoulder to kiss John.
Clem was laid out on a table, covered up to her collarbone with a thick white sheet. Her eyes were held closed with medical tape and a small white towel rested under her chin to keep her mouth closed. Apparently dead bodies do not appear restful, calm and asleep as they do on TV. They gape. Eyes don’t shut. Neither do mouths. They stare up at the living with a desperate, accusatory plea. Why are you alive and I am not? Sherlock didn’t know.
As she looked over at her roommate, who was now coolly observing the two, John expected her to screech at him to get out, to be confused, outraged, embarrassed. On the whole, however, she seemed unaffected.
Her previous efforts were all for not, though. Shortly after the kettle had boiled two groggy men padded their way into the kitchen. John was still in the boxers and t-shirt from the night before. Sherlock had traded his sheet in for a pair of pajama bottoms and a loose t-shirt.
Now Clem was stepping forward. The boy was taller than her, but she just tilted her head up to meet his eyes as if his presence was nothing more than that of an annoying mosquito to her.
John wasn’t sure where to go from here. The other night on the couch had been one of the best experiences of his life. In that moment, watching Sherlock come undone by his hand, he knew that he could not live without it.
“I thought about what you said to me—at the hospital—about not caring and only wanting me for a shag.”
“You don’t have to tell me anything, John, but I guarantee you that your situation is neither typical nor boring. That is not how families are supposed to be and you know that, clearly.”
John learned pretty quickly how much Sherlock enjoyed a finger or two in the bum while being sucked. Sherlock loved the feeling of being stretched, loved the brush of John’s fingers against his prostate. When he came with John deep inside him, swallowing him down to the root, it was transcendent. His mind shut off and all he could feel was pleasure and relief and John.
The two men returned to their respective tasks, Sherlock staring out the window, John eating his pasta. Before John had any time to really consider the implications of their conversation or what else it was he wanted to know about Sherlock’s life over the last decade the night had shifted again.
“Yeah, you like that don’t you?” His voice was husky and dark. “Would you like that too?” He looked up to regard Sherlock, who stared back at him stunned. “Who’s right? Hmm? Am I right, thinking you’d love to know how delicious it feels to be buried to the hilt inside your gorgeous roommate? Or is Clem right, thinking you’d like to feel my thick hard cock inside you?”
John noticed Sherlock smirk at his brother. Mycroft knew and Sherlock knew he knew. He felt the pads of Sherlock’s shower soft fingers at the back of his neck.
They spilled into the first cab that pulled over, barely disconnecting from each other. It was only in between frantic kisses that Clementine managed to give the cabby her address.
“Wait! Wait!” He screamed, his voice cracking, a testament to his youth. “I can—I can—” He was desperate, reaching for anything to appease his captors. One of the men opened the back door to the car. “Seb! Seb! He’s with Seb!”
Quickly, Sherlock grabbed the lube. John nudged Clementine further onto the bed. He knelt behind her and continued his vigorous thrusts. Sherlock climbed in behind John and began running slick fingers between his crack.
Sherlock’s mouth watered and without a second thought he rolled on top of John, slid down his body and swallowed him down. John gasped and grabbed at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock moaned around John’s erection, pulling up with as much suction as he could create.
It was the pain of her face that finally pulled her from her lamentations. Slowly she became aware of a voice. Someone was calling her name. Were they ready for her? Was it her turn to get on the truck?
John brought a loving hand to Sherlock’s face, brushing the streams of tears from his cheek before kissing him firmly, lovingly on the lips. That kiss was a promise. A promise from John to Sherlock that he would never be alone again.
“This is important. If I don’t keep both substances at a consistent temperature the entire experiment will be all for naught. I cannot adequately monitor them both on my own.”
That damnable shoulder, mottled with scar tissue, ached every time it got cold and somehow impaired his ability to walk. Holmes had noticed. Psychosomatic. He was a smart ponce at least. What John wouldn’t give to have that smart mouth all to himself for a night.
Jim just stood there a blank expression on his face. Then he turned sharply and walked out of the lab.
It’s been about a month since I arrived at the Kandahar base. I hope you got my first letter. I assume you are still at Baker Street. Please tell Mrs. Hudson that I miss her and her chocolate biscuits. They give us tea and biscuits here, but they are nothing like from home. The tea tastes like it was made with the laundry water (and with several hundred sweaty soldiers covered in dust getting their clothes nasty every day that is really saying something). The biscuits aren’t really biscuits honestly. I think they are some kind of American cookie. They come in a big foil bag. They just get dumped in a big pot and left out in the mess hall next to the laundry tea. So it ain’t all bad.
“I merely woke of my own accord and noticed your absence.” He tightened his grip on the sheet at his hip.
“Grab the phone. Keep your hand on that spent cunt of yours. You gave me such a beautiful show. I want to return the favor.”
“But,” she interjected to stave off his tears, “you have nothing but love in your heart. I know it and so does he. And right now I need you to tell me where he is. Where can I find him?”
Clementine shrugged, unbothered by the interruption, as she began nibbling on the edges of her cone.
“I want to see you,” he would say in a soft, reverent voice. And Sherlock would be laid bare for him to feast upon. John’s eyes raking over his body.
“While Clementine and I have no issue being intimate around and now apparently with each other we don’t become aroused by each other’s presence.” Sherlock supplied the explanation John had been looking for.
“As I have already said, I was out helping a friend. You, know, help. It’s a four letter word meaning to assist, make easier, to serve. Perhaps you should try it some time.”
Sherlock’s face had gone slack with pleasure. He was no longer thrusting down as hard as before. John had taken over and was bouncing Sherlock’s body effortlessly on his cock.
Sherlock thrust harder. Each time he heard Clementine gasp for breath. She was close. He knew John was close too. He could feel the shorter man clenching around him.
“The question is: Do you want to cum on my face?” Sherlock gripped Johns cock and rubbed it across his swollen lips, his stiff jaw, and sharp edge of his cheeks.
Next, John was in an Italian restaurant with Sherlock, who was presently caught up in staring out the window. Over the course of the night John had learned that Sherlock had taken his chemist and deduction skills and used them to become some sort of detective. His connection with Lestrad seemed to help him secure work with the London Met. But there was more that John wanted to know. So, so much more.
“That’s what women DO!” John flinched as the man shouted his response. John reared back as if he were going to strike.
Mycroft stared at his brother for a moment. Then, with tight-lipped nod, he rose from his chair and walked out. Sherlock did not turn to watch him go. He did not turn to look at John.
“Get out from under there! This is my room! Get out!” Clementine dropped to her knees and reached under the bed.
John sat on the twin bed, rucksack at his feet. It was time to go. He hoisted the bag over his shoulder and made his way out of the bedsit and to the street. In a way he was relieved. He had been dreading this moment since he first read his orders six months ago. That had changed everything. He’d panicked, afraid of how the news would impact his burgeoning relationship with Sherlock and Clem. So he ran, like a coward. He knows that now, knows what a pathetic, selfish move that had actually been. He had been so wrapped up in what might have happened that he destroyed the best relationship he had ever had.
“Absolutely not!” She paused, her blanket gripped in her hand. Her Aunt sounded furious. She couldn’t help it, Clem began trembling.
“Don’t mind him.” She said turning her gaze back to John and firmly gripping his cock. “He’s just here to watch. Make sure you fuck me properly.” Her voice was seductive and playful, with an edge of a challenge.
For the first few days after the incident at the A&E, Sherlock’s statement stung like the coldest of ice, sticking to his skin, unable to loose itself without the soft heat of a stiff drink.
Not another word was spoken. The trio relaxed into the warmth of their mingled bodies and fell fast asleep.
‘That’s why you interrupt her dates. You don’t trust the guys she’s with. You are trying to protect her.”
“No. No. No. I’m glad you stepped in. They were assholes and it felt really good to have someone stand up for me. Sherlock is the only one who has ever done that for me before.”
Then there were arms wrapping around her waist, pulling her away. She flailed her arms and kicked her legs.
It was better to be alone. It’s best to leave when no one will miss you. That was something he could trust in. When he leaves this world, tonight perhaps, no one will missing him. He even doubted anyone would know he was gone.
That was as far as it went. Kisses from the neck up. Hands from the waist up, always over clothes. The rules never spoken, but silently agreed upon.
Victor crossed his arms, leaning against the door frame, seeming genuinely affronted. “I don’t do drugs.”
Clementine was proctoring an exam that evening and it was just the two of them. John had just told some god awful joke that Sherlock laughed heartily at, then trying and failing to be indignant that he had laughed at such a childish joke, which caused John to laugh in return, the two descending into a fit of giggles.
It lasted a lifetime. Sherlock was lost in the exquisite pleasure and comfort that was John Watson’s mouth. Sherlock was a decadent dessert, one that John Watson was content to savor as long as he could, tasting every inch of skin that he could lay tongue and lips on. Sherlock serenaded him with the deep moans and high hitching breaths that escaped his mouth while John feasted.
“You’d like that wouldn’t you,” John continued. “Being filled from both ends. You’d be our little toy. Wouldn’t you? There for our pleasure. Oh and you’d give it to us. Wouldn’t you? Gagging on Sherlock’s cock while I fucked you into him. Would you cum for us? Would you squirt all over for us?”
Suddenly, Sherlock was distracted from the throbbing of his own erection when he felt an insistent push against his hip. John was slowly grinding his own impressive erection against Sherlock.
the tales and collars of the white tie apparel did not look garish and squatty. His tux cut a strong figure, curving in at his waist, sharpening his shoulders. His long pale neck perfectly complemented the cut of his shirt collar. A crisp white square peeked out of his breast pocket.
“Aren’t you a little old for spy movies?” His voice was thick with taunt and boredom. Good. That would work.
With those words, as if her permission, her desire made it all okay, Sherlock’s hand flew to his zip and pulled out his throbbing cock. It was long and thick and uncut. John could feel his mouth watering at the sight. The dusty pink tip just peeked through the foreskin. John groaned with pleasure and let go of Clem’s hair to grip her hips and begin fucking her in earnest. Sherlock gave his cock a few lazy strokes.
“While third degree burns like this can cause substantial nerve damage the debridement process can be very painful. Are you sure I can’t convince you to consider even a small dose? It won’t leave you too loopy.”
Standing in the doorway was not Sebastian Wilkes and the other kids. It was a tall boy, probably about 14, with short well kempt auburn hair. He was dressed in a sleek three piece suit and tie. Too formal for his age, but somehow it oddly fit him.
“If you were here right now I’d bend you over on the bed and take you from behind.” Her breath hitched. John could tell she was close. “I would sink deep into that wet pussy of yours, fucking you hard while I gripped your hips.”
“No. He—He told me I looked beautiful. He told me he wanted to feel me. I was so wet, John. I couldn't help myself. He was sliding his fingers between my legs.”
John slowly brought his hand up to the middle of the other man’s back and pushed him forward gently. John pushed until Sherlock was on all fours, Clementine’s limp body still splayed out beneath him. John reached behind him to grab the bottle of lube he had seen next to the condoms, throwing it onto the bed next to him.
“Yes. Yes. I want you. I want you both. Please.” She was desperate, trapped between both of their bodies, at the mercy of both their attentions.
It wasn’t a complete lie. She hadn’t recognized the boy as belonging to the Holmes family, but she knew the name well. They were one of the most well respected wealthiest land owners in Britain. They even had social connections to the royal family. They were by far her father’s most coveted and newest clients.
“I’m afraid it is quite your typical boring story. Working class family. Dad liked to drink and knock mum around.” He wasn’t going to boohoo the situation. He wasn’t looking for sympathy.
Now that was a sight: John, knees bent between Clementine’s legs, cock thrusting up into her. Clementine, exposed, restrained, being fucked.
“Uh, hi.” He said, waving awkwardly, before remembering himself and his state of half dress. He scrambled to find his shirt on the floor, but Clementine had already risen from the couch and gathered their garments. She hooked her arm into his and led him toward Sherlock.
There was Dr. Royalt, old but waning money. She didn’t expect much out of him that evening. Duke Ormestein, the future king of Bohemia. There was Sir Charles Baskerville of England, who was baronet to the Baskerville estate. Emilia and Gunnero Lucca, new money. Baron Adelbert Gruner and his lady companion Violet de Merville. And Mycroft Holmes, chief adviser to the mayor. He practically ran New York.
“I thought I was going to bring this beautiful bird home, have a nice shag, and then off you pop. Then I got here and standing in that doorway,” John motioned to the kitchen entrance, “was one of the most gorgeous creatures I have ever seen. Tall,” John ran one of his hands up Sherlock’s thigh, “Lean,” his hand ran across the expanse of his abs and chest, “Breathtaking,” he cupped Sherlock’s cheek and ran the pad of his thumb across his plump bottom lip.
John wasn’t sure what to make of the scene playing out before him. The banter seemed to be a weird cross between mother vs child and husband vs wife.
“Oh you dirty little thing,” John growled. “I have three fingers up this luscious arse right now. I can feel him clenching around me.”
Clumsily the two men reached for each other, bumping fingers before gripping the other’s hand tightly.
Her brain was operating at lightning speed. How could she get out of this? How could she minimize the pain? Where could she run? How was she going to kill Sebastian Wilkes?
“If you need a flatshare to stay in London and you don’t have a job keeping you here, why don’t you go live with your mother in Norwich?
Slowly he lifted himself from the bed. Clementine moaned languidly at the movement. He placed a small kiss on her forehead as he passed over her. As he walked to Sherlock the other man lifted his head, which had been leaning against the back of the chair. His eyes opened lazily to watch John, in all his naked splendor, cross the room. As John approached him, Sherlock’s breath hitched. He ceased breathing altogether when John reached out and gently grabbed the wrist of his soiled hand.
“Now bugger off. I’m reading.” Clementine turned her back on the boy, still standing there with his finger raised menacingly, and sat back down in her chair.
John received the text from Sherlock on the fourth evening of Sherlock’s absence. It was the first communication he had received since Sherlock left.
“Sherlock look at us. Sherlock!” John cried out Sherlock’s name as a wave of pleasure washed over him.
Slowly they began peeling the clothes from each other’s bodies. When they were down to just their pants they stood there, each one touching every inch of bare skin exposed to them. Kissing. Kissing.
John pulled up his trousers and rolled the sleeves on his dingy white shirt. A far cry from the tux of the previous night. He buttoned his suspenders and slipped them over his shoulders. He looked like a laborer. He felt strong.
It didn’t matter though. The owner of the footsteps knew she was in there and walked right around the chair to face her.
John wanted them both. He wanted to hold them and touch them and just be with them. More than anything, though, at that moment, he wanted to fuck them.
Uni began in a few weeks. Mrs. Hudson was giving them a steep break on the rent, but Clementine knew it was just because she wanted her close and Clem didn’t mind one bit. The place still smelled a bit of old cabbage and curry from past tenants. The walls were a bit beat up, but Aunt Martha had agreed to let her spruce the place up a bit in her own style. She had already painted her bedroom and hung a set of curtains.
As he neared them he noticed Harry sinking deeper and deeper onto Clementine’s shoulder, as if it was getting harder and harder for her to stand. Clem gripped the other woman’s hand tightly, using the arm slung over her shoulder to keep her upright. The jovial jaunt had quickly turned into the inevitable aftermath of a bender. Harry was losing it.
“How did you know I was here?” Sherlock asked. Clem sat back a moment and looked into his eyes. They were glassy, but still held a drop of that sharp cunning that defined Sherlock.
“Has anyone ever told you that you have the most ridiculous lips?” Victor asked. Clem saw him reach out to brush his thumb across Sherlock’s lower lip as she walked out of the room. Truth was she didn’t need to pee. She just couldn’t stand to be in that room any longer. They weren’t actually there to buy weed and she wasn’t trying to fuck Victor so why did she need to be there? She had only gone because Sherlock was too nervous to go himself. That seemed to no longer be an issue.
“You are an enigma.” John crossed over to Sherlock and planted a soft kiss to his lips. Sherlock drew in a quick breath at the contact.
It had been nagging at the back of John’s head all weekend that he had engaged in all manner of debauchery with Clementine, but had failed to actually take her out on a proper date. This was contrary to John's concept of how these things worked. Sure a one-off without a date was one thing, but he had every intention of seeing Clementine again and it didn't sit well with him for it to just be sex.John Watson was not the type to use a person for sex. So this Wednesday evening he decided to invite her on a real date. This was one of his two evenings during the week, Saturday being the other, where he did not have clerkship the next day. Shortly after he sent his text he felt his phone buzz.
Sherlock loved the feeling of John’s lips on his, the way he licked and nipped at them. He loved the taste of John. He loved the way his lips and tongue tasted of tea. The soft salty tang of the skin just underneath his ear. The deep full flavor of the skin at the base of his neck.
He dripped a few more drops of lube onto the head of his cock. They had taken to hiding bottles of lube around the flat so they would always be prepared.
Clem held John’s hand in hers, lightly brushing her thumb across his knuckles. It was late and they were both exhausted. They smelled of vomit and spilled beer. She gently rested her head on his shoulder.
John nipped at the soft pillows of Sherlock's lips. He could feel the stiffness of the other man's erection pressing into his belly and at that moment John knew what he really wanted.
John is surprised by the apology, but couldn’t be bothered to stop kissing the man who offered it. He was on a mission after all. But before John could reach into Sherlock’s pants, Sherlock pushed him back against the counter and took a small step back. John felt a rush of cold as the space between them grew.
Sherlock turned to see John, alone, hanging his jacket back on the rack by the door. He glanced at the clock. John had been gone a few hours.
“Do you think we can get his attention?” He inquired as he began unbuttoning Clementine’s shirt. When he popped the last button out of place he spread it open wide, exposing her pink lace covered tits.
They ran through London, chasing a cab, which turned out to have an American tourist in it. Not a murder, according to Sherlock. They were back at Baker Street and Lestrad was calling Sherlock a junkie. A junkie? The sad look in Sherlock’s eyes told John that there was far more about this man that he needed to know and he felt more desperate than ever to know it. Once again, before he had adequate time to sort out these thoughts, the night shifted.
He had to spend a few days in Cardiff tracking down a ring of retail thieves. It would have been a two, stolen high-end purses were laughably irrelevant, but after one store’s assistant manager turned up murdered Sherlock noticed a pattern and realized that it wasn’t the purses themselves, but the raw diamonds being sewn into their linings that were the real loot. John couldn’t go because he had shifts at the clinic.
John could see tears threatening at the corner of his eyes as the taller man fought back the avalanche of emotions cascading in his expressions. He could see anger and pain and confusion and elation and remorse and fear.
what happened. That’s why we are here. She has been getting weak and clumsy. She hadn’t been interested in food for so long that when she said she wanted to make dinner I was elated. Stupid. Stupid.”
“I have to be off to complete that medical training the army is paying for.” He chuckled against Sherlock’s cheek, running his hand through the dark curls at the back of his neck.
He turned back to the counter and the source of Clem’s frustrations. Sherlock was arguing with the hostess behind the counter about the length of time it takes to make chicken piccata. Poor thing looked terrified and irritated all at the same time. John was starting to get the feeling that this is how Sherlock made most people feel.
Sherlock stiffened and followed John. When they reached a quiet corner just down the hall John let out a pained sigh, finally running his hand through his hair in frustration. He had so much he wanted to say, to ask, but was devoid of words. He opened his mouth to begin speaking.
done what I thought was best. You have to believe me. What was I supposed to do? Mummy and Daddy were never interested in him. Never wanted to take responsibility. They left it all to me!”
It took some struggling, but they managed to get her limp body in a cab and over to the A&E where he and Clementine now sat in the waiting room.
He tossed back the remnants of his glass and asked for the check. He had no intentions of getting drunk tonight. In fact he had plans tonight. And while those plans required liquid courage he could not be belligerent or sloppy.
“Don’t stand here as if you are the one who has been hurt in this situation.” Sherlock’s voice was low and menacing. “You don’t get to morn her. She was
Sherlock moaned at the filthy moniker and John stored that piece of information for later use. It had been a risky move, but it paid off.
Sherlock seemed pleased with this solution and looked at Clementine expectantly. Her irritation had not yet abated.
He wasn’t sure if Sherlock felt the same way, but figured it was a safe bet that he did, given the cuddles on the couch after and the lack of awkwardness the next morning. But John didn’t get an opportunity to find out for sure because the evening after the tryst on the couch Sherlock was called away on a case.
“So I lay in bed listening for the sound of reindeer hooves and sleigh bells. I don’t know what time it was. It was late. I should have been asleep, clearly, but I heard a noise downstairs. At first it was just a shuffling. Then I heard a man’s voice.
“You think she gets wet when you fuck her deep?” This was the lowest John had heard Sherlock’s voice go and he felt his prick thickening in his hand at the sound. “You haven’t even begun to see her wet.” Sherlock gave a lascivious grin before siting up straight on his knees, leaving Clem’s ankles resting on his shoulders. Emboldened by the thought of showing John just how good he could be, Sherlock continued.
Slowly she reached a hand out to feel his forehead in mock concern. Sherlock slapped her hand away, affronted.
At some point, Sherlock wasn’t sure exactly when, they began kissing again, their free hands roaming across the other’s neck, shoulder, face, chest. It was frantic, but slow. Gently, but forceful. Above all it was pure bliss. Sherlock could feel his climax building, his strokes on John’s cock faltering.
But it was too late. Sherlock watched as time slowed to a crawl. He saw in painstaking detail how John rushed to tackle the suspect, trying to wrap his arms around the man. He saw the look in the man’s eyes, the determination, the fortitude as he simply plowed through John taking him over the edge of the building with him.
He’s gone. Major Sholto has been transferred to a new company. It makes sense. He is the best at what he does. They need him to train new recruits. Lord knows we need them over here.
“I can’t do this if she moves. I need her to be still. He won’t hurt her. That is the last thing that I want.” John tried to project back to Sherlock his own agony at the situation. Sherlock didn’t say anything in response. John nodded to Garrett and the man gently, but firmly, held Clementine’s arm in place.
Sherlock felt as though he was going to burst from within. Pressure building up deep inside, but the rough texture of his trousers, the constriction of the tight space kept him on edge, never allowing him to completely come apart.
“Clementine has led a rather lonely life. We are very much alike in that manner. Though, admittedly, Clem is not lonely because she’s a rude prick.”
“Did it ever occur to you that we are almost adults? That you could have simply waited? Fuck your parents, for sure, but this is just ridiculous. If you keep doing this you might not live to see adulthood and if you do you won’t be the Sherlock that I know and love. He will be gone and so will I.”
When he saw John standing in the kitchen it was like being able to breathe again, as if he had been wearing a mask this whole time that only allowed him to draw in oppressively warm, shallow breaths. Then the mere sight of this ordinary man in his plain denim trousers and oversized jumper, his bare feet against the dirty kitchen floor making tea had been the hand that ripped the mask from his face and Sherlock drew in the freshest, fullest breath of his life. It was renewal. It was invigoration. It was life.
Slowly, in an agonizing slide, Sherlock pushed into John until their thighs met. He stilled for a moment, letting John’s body adjust. Then John rocked his hips. He thrust into Clementine, then back onto Sherlock’s cock. Back and forth he undulated his hips.
The words had not ever really been spoken beyond the confession of exclusivity. But when Sherlock had asked John to move in last night he had wanted to say yes. His first thought was, yes. But then he remembered the email. He remembered what his life truly was.
John slowly pushed one finger into Sherlock. His breath hitched at the intrusion, but his body slowly relaxed around it. John pumped his finger in and out of Sherlock for a brief moment before inserting another finger. Sherlock gasped as John began to gently scissor his fingers, stretching him out. He had become a writhing, babbling mess underneath the capable hands of John Watson. The feeling of Clementine’s hands in his hair rooted him to the spot, though, kept him from flying off into oblivion.
John woke up alone, and then went back to sleep. He had nightmares—gruesome ones—but when he woke up, it was to someone else’s screaming. By the time he was aware however, the noise was gone, and he wasn’t entirely sure it was real.
“I’m going to have a shower.” John said out of the blue. “Don’t suppose you can find a case, you know, anything to…” His voice trailed off as he headed into he bathroom, and didn’t bother finishing whatever he wanted to say as he closed the door behind him.
“Can’t deduce that?” John teased. He leaned further, rocking his hips intentionally against Sherlock’s. The detective gasped softly.
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and took John’s hand reassuringly. John grinned at him and squeezed his hand.
Moran scoffed. “I have a while department to run, Mr. Holmes. I can assure you, I have my priorities straightened out.”
The monitor beeped as the numbers dropped to zero, and Sherlock stared with widened eyes as he saw the heart line become flat.
John looked at him and then went to the end of the bed. He lifted up the bag where the tube was attached to so Sherlock could see it.
Sherlock lowered his head in defeat. “I don’t want this,” he said. “But if you need space, then you have it.”
The next day John had told him he loved him. And since then, they both had been expressing their profound sentiments toward each other; happier than they ever thought was possible.
Sherlock came to bed less than half an hour later. John had his back to the door and was looking intently at the wall. As Sherlock climbed in on his side, John turned around and faced the door, his back to Sherlock. Sherlock sighed and pulled the covers over himself.
John cleared off the kitchen table, taking the pile of mail, and headed to the sitting room. Sherlock was at the table, drinking his tea, and staring into space. John set the pile beside him and reached for Sherlock’s empty cup.
John nodded his gratitude and stood up. “Thank you for your time. I’ll call if—actually,” he paused, thought for only two seconds, and then stepped back into the office. “Do you have an opening later this afternoon?”
“You broke your back in the landing.” John met his eyes, and they were indeed glistening, but no tears were falling. “You’re paralyzed. From the waist down. There may be some feeling left, but…”
John watched Sherlock disappear behind the elevator doors and then reached behind him and pressed the call button.
There was one about an inch and a half long cutting the middle of his left eyebrow and up to his forehead. It was thin, but clearly had been deep enough for stitches. Diagonally below it and by the corner of his eyes, there was a thicker one, yet shorter, that stopped just onto of the cheekbone. There were a couple of scratches next to it that were almost completely healed. John realized he must have covered his face, since there were more scars on his forearms. Most of the scars on his face were on the sides. On the other side, there was a long one—about two inches—starting on his cheekbone and going down his cheek towards the corner of his mouth. It was also surrounded by faded scratches, and a there were a few more along his temple. John’s eyes flickered up, and saw the faded scar from brain surgery, nearly covered with hair, but it was uneven with the rest of it. The surgical scar stood out as a circle just above his forehead. On his neck, John faintly registered thin scars, almost like pecks, but still deep enough for stitches. All of the scars were a faded pink, the smaller ones closer to his skin color, yet lighter.
John had been talking to Mary sporadically over the phone, actually answering her calls this time rather than ignoring them. Usually they would always end with John huffing with annoyance. Fortunately, he never lashed out at Sherlock, and kept to himself as his irritation boiled down until it was practically forgotten about…until the next time he talked to her.
Sherlock kept stroking John’s hair, rubbing the cloth gently over his skin for several minutes. John fell asleep under his touch, but kept breathing with his mouth open, his face wincing once in a while from pain. He was looking grey and had a thin line of stubble along his chin. The skin around his eyes was puffy from crying, as well as his nose. Sherlock wanted to take the mask off his face and kiss John—anything to make it feel better. But he couldn’t risk it. John’s immune system was still weak, and any contact with another human being could put him at risk. Just him stroking his hair and holding his hand was risky enough.
Harry glared at him ferociously and replied to him in a threatening whisper. “Don’t think you can just waltz in here and see him. After all he’s been through—
Sherlock remained where he was but he grew more concern for John. How was it possible to feel this much worry?
John’s eyes were wide with shock and self-loathing. “Oh my God what have I done?” He raised his hand and trailed his fingers along Sherlock’s bruised forehead and dried blood that lined the small breaks of skin.
Sherlock furrowed his brows, unaccustomed to be wrong. He looked over the facts again, and then sighed. “The gunshot wound is fresh.”
He suddenly stepped forward and leaned John against the wall. He pressed his lips among the doctor’s, tenderly yet chaste. Before John could kiss him back completely, Sherlock stepped back. By the time John opened his eyes he was gone.
Sherlock and John walked into the victim’s home, accompanied by Lestrade. Sherlock made his way easily to the end of the stairs, which were directly in front of the door, on the right, while John looked around as he followed him. At the foot of the stairs, there was a dried pool of blood.
John laughed weakly and nodded. He lifted himself out of the chair and took a step before he could stabilize the crutches on the floor, and before Sherlock could grasp his belt. His leg crumbled beneath him and he fell onto the floor, catching himself on his knees and with his palms.
Sherlock was overcome by the frenzy; he stepped back without a word. He could only watch in horror as the seizure continued for several more seconds before John finally calmed down, unconscious but breathing nonetheless.
Sherlock took a deep breath and then carefully answered. “From what has happened recently, it was completely logical to assume an illusion of me would appear once I left you alone. You’ve had about four episodes today, after four days without a single one. Taking precautions, I handcuffed you so you wouldn’t follow it, in case you would be convinced enough that it was really me.”
As the women left, Sherlock stepped to the bed and placed a bag on the table. John could hear him taking something out, and then he felt something soft being placed over his body and by his arms. He looked up and saw Sherlock grinning softly as he arranged the blanket and the union jack pillow. John recognized the blanket; it was his from the flat, a pine-coloredknitted blanket his grandmother had made years ago. He gave Sherlock a strained but genuine smile, and nodded his thanks. Sherlock nodded, and then tilted his head towards the bag.
“Nearly six years ago give or take…you came back after two years,” John explained. “Moriarty’s network has already been dismantled, Sherlock.”
“But your father wasn’t there. Nor your sister. They were back in the states, working for the man himself. Yes your father is Sebastian Moran, which makes Kim your sister. Isn’t this a good day for a family reunion. But oh wait! Your husband’s currently in lockup wanted for small things, terrorism, and treason…quite the deal breakers. Now, you were only included in when things got a bit sketchy in Kandahar in 2004. On once again, April 2
Sherlock smiled and leaned forward. They met halfway and kissed gently. John pulled away and cleared his throat.
John gave him a wider smile. “Well I am. I’ll probably have some water and then go back to sleep. You can question him, and then come back to tell me.”
She nodded. “He’ll be sore for a few days, with some mild bruising. He’s lucky. It could have been worse.” She looked at him closely. “I understand you fell too. Are you in any pain?”
“I don’t think so. Dashwood wanted revenge on Ellis, so he drugged his wife, and made his life endlessly exhausting.”
Sherlock looked up and nodded, and then leaned against John as he pulled him off the bed. Sherlock was still sore but was tired of laying on the scratchy piece of foam the hospital called a mattress, and wanted a decent wash.
“John—.” Sherlock trailed off and licked his lips. He quickly leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s, pressing firm yet gentle and reluctant at the same time. John slowly raised his hand and cupped Sherlock’s cheek, stroking his with his thumb as he weakly kissed back.
John furrowed his brows, and then slowly shook his head. Dr. Bailey seemed to leave it at that for now.
Sherlock shuffled his feet. “Do you want to change? I understand you haven’t had a wash in a while.”
John trailed his fingers along Sherlock’s marble back before settling just above his arse. They were already both naked bare; completely exposed only to each other. Their cocks lined up almost perfectly, and already leaking with pre-cum. John tilted his chin up and exposed his neck to his lover. Sherlock leaned down and pressed the softest touch against his Adam’s apple as John’s fingertips continued to caress Sherlock’s back, one hand teasing it’s way farther down.
They hadn’t even kissed yet, which John was annoyed about, but at least his presence would be comforting, and maybe he should ask? There wouldn’t be harm in that, would there? Sherlock wouldn’t be having second thoughts, would he?
“It isn’t your fault John.” Sherlock reminded his blogger gently. “It happens all the time, you said that yourself.”
Okay, so here it is. Warning: it gets a bit angst and it quite short. The next chapter will come around Monday- the latest Friday.  I don't own Derek Shepherd, he belongs to Shonda Rhimes and ABC.
They made it to New Scotland Yard, and headed to a conference room where Lestrade was there with the daughter of the victim and her mother. Lestrade and the daughter—Lucy—were talking while her mother was looking between the two with a slight quizzical look.
“Stop it, John.” Sherlock interrupted fiercely. He hardened his gaze and cupped John’s check with his left hand, lifting it upwards to meet his gaze. John swallowed tightly and at first avoided his eyes, but then reluctantly meeting them. His own eyes were still glistening, and his cheeks were red.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “You still have the catheter in. Pajama bottoms might not work.” He looked at John.
Mary turned on her heal and fled. John watched her carefully run down the tunnel until she disappeared into the darkness.
John peered at the liver and grimaced. He looked at Sherlock beneath him and smiled softly. Before he could speak, Sherlock pushed him off and stood up. He winced as his hand stung; he raised it only to sign with annoyance. He had cut his palm on a shard of glass, and it was inconveniently deep enough for a couple of stitches.
“All out of those. We get a lot of elderly patients, and since we’re a small store, our supplies our limited.”
For a moment, in the middle of the night, Sherlock realized Victor had been right. Sherlock had depended on him for months, almost used him in a way to keep himself sane. Sherlock couldn’t imagine going through three months alone; just a day like this was hell. But, Sherlock knew deep down, this would have been preferable, than to see John wake up again without Sherlock by his side. Victor knew that, and wanted Sherlock to make a decision. Now Sherlock knew it too, and silently did. Sherlock chose John. Victor seemed to know his choice anyway. He hadn’t returned.
John sighed, and looked back at Sherlock. His friend’s head was hanging and it looked like he was focused on the floor. After a few moments of uncertainty, Sherlock turned around and entered John’s room. John slowly raised his eyes and met Sherlock’s, who was hesitant in his steps but looking directly at him.
John licked his lips—in that either nervous or keen habit of his Sherlock seemed to always notice. The detective wondered,
He could feel Sherlock tense beside him, and as he prepared to turn completely away from him, Sherlock answered quietly.
He grimaced and ran into the street just as a motorcyclist stopped in front him. He stopped in his tracks and held his hand out just as it stopped.
“Mr. Shillcott works on the Tube, on the District Line,” Sherlock answered her. He looked back to Shillcott. “I need surveillance footage, the one you called about.”
“I’ll go to the starboard side—the right—and meet you at the bow—the front. Fletcher should be at the wheel in the back.”
“I didn’t ask you to,” Sherlock huffed aggravated. “I’ll be fine for a few hours on my own. You don’t have to keep watching over me to make sure I won’t hurt myself.”
, 2000, now why on your birthday? And why in Agra? Not the first place I’d pick. It’s where your husband was born isn’t it? Not his family’s native place but his birthplace all the same. A family affair! How splendid.”
Sherlock played his violin for most of the morning, but he barely paid attention to what he was playing. It did seem to distract John from his pain, though. John sat still in his chair, occasionally flexing his right fist and closing his eyes as the pain radiated through his nerves.
“It’s Sherlock’s blood tests. I’m a friend of the doctor’s, and she gave me the results. They show that he’s, well…” she shuffled her feet, and glanced at Sherlock then back at John. “He’s doped up on three different types of benzodiazepines. But I’ve never seen these before…they’ve been manipulated somehow.”
“Hold compressions. Push one of epi.” Doctor Shepherd took John’s pulse and then checked his heart with his stethoscope.
Mary and John looked at Sherlock and then Kim, the two latter looking at each other. Sherlock blinked himself out of his thoughts and slowly looked at John.
John sat up without difficulty, and maneuvered himself until his feet were hanging off the edge. The room swayed slightly, but it quickly came into focus.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around his lover’s waist and pulled him up. John groaned but kept walking. They limped down the hall, the bullets having already subsided.
Sherlock smiled back, and then on second thought, he stepped forward and kissed John on the lips chastely, before walking backwards until he was out of the sitting room. John heard him slow down his pace as he left the flat.
Margaret walked in and removed the top as Sherlock slowly stepped to his left side. He sat down and looked at his hand, wanting to take it.
John finally entered their flat and headed upstairs, hearing a faint sound of rock and roll music coming from the kitchen. He walked into the kitchen from the hall and stopped in his tracks.
Mycroft was taken aback from the politeness, but didn’t get a chance to speak as Sherlock turned on his heal and walked in a rush to the elevator.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John swallowed and tried to form a word but instead winced at the attempt. A weakly grin tugged at the corner of his lips and his eyes peeked up through his lashes.
John inhaled slowly and took a step back. He inhaled again, and then looked down, trying to organize his thoughts.
John sighed again, feeling a tingle of boredom starting to grow. He didn’t want to sleep more than he needed to. His breakfast wouldn’t arrive for an hour at least, but even by then, John doubted he would be hungry.
Long fingers wrapped around John’s wrist, and he glanced around, meeting Sherlock’s open eyes instantly. They were greenish blue, glistening against the lights, and clear. John inhaled softly and leaned closer.
It's a bit shorter than I wanted, but I like the way this one ends and that means there will be more than 3 chapters like I had planned. Comment please!
“You should have stayed one more day,” Sherlock pointed out. John shook his head, dismissing his comment.
John turned towards his direction, but his eyes turned unfocused and droopy. “B-but then I won’t see you again.”
If this gets enough hits/kudos/comments, I could bring this universe back with new characters and a whole new day/crisis, but that won't be for several months if ever.
“I felt guilty,” Sherlock said as if he knew John’s thoughts. “I wanted to make it up to you because—.”
Cyclone: from Wizard of Oz, when the Wicked Witch of the West appears in the tornado. Maybe something wicked this way comes?
“He is, and wants us to come in later. He sent a team over to watch the street, in case he shows up here.”
He stood up shakily and looked at the door. It had opened from the explosion; apparently it hadn’t been locked at all.
John started to nod, but then a thought cut if off. He blinked and continued to nod, but by the doctor’s face, it wasn’t convincing.
Sherlock sauntered into the main room, eying the group of people with a look of indifference. Two men in black suits stood behind Sebastian Moran, and Kim stood beside him, however she was looking unconformable with the situation. Mycroft stood to Moran’s right, his face matching his brother’s. He glanced down at Sherlock’s left hand, raised his eyebrows, and yet kept his reaction to himself.
“Yes, yes I know. I’m the best man in London,” he said teasingly. Sherlock smiled, and with a simple tilt of his head, requested John to lean forward. John met him the rest of the way and kissed him deeply. Sherlock broke the kiss, and whispered against John’s lips.
The package was about three feet long, and it was wrapped in parcel paper and tied tightly by string. It was addressed to John, but he wasn’t sure what it was.
“Just a partial seizure,” Victor informed. “One of the nurses was just here. She said you probably haven’t had a dose of the preventive medication yet—.”
The smoke stung his eyes, and the heat overwhelmed him. He looked around, and quickly headed towards the stairs.
“Turn it off or answer it,” John mumbled. Sherlock shuffled closer and huffed something incoherently. The phone rang again.
John looked at Willoughby. “You bastard!” He lunged at him, wrapped his hands around his neck, and fell forward to the ground. Willoughby yelped, and although he was just over six feet tall, John kept him under him as he swung his fist over the man’s face, breaking skin across his cheek and jaw with repeated punches.
The hallucination gulped as if nervous to say something, but it spoke before John could continue questioning him.
He blinked heavily and focused on his wound. He relaxed his face, and looked up at Alex, raising an eyebrow. “Where do we begin?”
A whole bunch of fluff and some smut (I had difficulty writing this, so hopefully it's as realistic as possible and makes sense)
Sherlock hummed but didn’t move over. John drank his tea, looked over the notes they had so far, when Sherlock moved and nearly gulped down his own tea. The rest of the day past in relative silence, Sherlock going back to the journals and managing a few bites of dinner. John went to bed soon after, and fell asleep hours before Sherlock joined him.
Sherlock was above his head, and could see everything from a higher height. The view was wider and made the setting around him larger than it was when he was sitting. He held onto John as they walked into the tide. John inhaled sharply from the contrasting temperatures, but continued to wade in.
The man leaned down and began pressing kisses down Sherlock’s throat. He sucked lightly and was thorough with them. A moan escaped Sherlock’s mouth, one that he did not give permission to. He grinned against Sherlock’s neck and nibbled gently before licking the area. His hands trailed down his sides to his lower back. Sherlock arched up to the touch, their cocks grazing each other.
“Because if there’s a mistake, or an emergency on a subject, it’s a nice safety. Works like a charm.”
Before Mary could respond, the door suddenly clicked opened, harshly banging against the wall as heavy footsteps entered the sitting room.
He hadn’t slept at all, but must have started to doze off, because he was startled when his cell door opened early the next morning. John looked up to see Mary and Mycroft on the other side, refraining from stepping in or out of the way. John stood up and walked up to the door, but they didn’t budge.
John was raising his voice now, leaning forward and staring accusingly at Sherlock. He clenched his fists and paced in a circle, intending to leave but changing his mind and rounding onto Sherlock again.
These were John’s least favorite—hell, he dreaded these. Having to repeat the past was one thing, but to include Mary, well, it was painful. He could see it now just how painful it was for Sherlock, but for him to repeat it and think John wasn’t with him was upsetting to John. He had managed to hold his nerve so far, but was always afraid it would unravel.
Sherlock spotted John instantly against the wall, eyes closed and his head and body bleeding profusely from a recent beating.
“Sorry, it’s a mess,” he muttered to himself. John grinned at Sherlock’s sudden need to clean, and managed to grab his wrist to keep him close. Sherlock paused in his movements and looked at John. He seemed to read John’s mind, for he inhaled slowly and relaxed, and then offered a relieved grin.
That seemed to calm John down, and he kissed the detective softly. He leaned back applied a generous amount of to his fingers. He gently prepared Sherlock, preparing him until he managed to fit three fingers in. He rolled the condom on and then lined up to Sherlock’s entrance.
Sherlock remained silent. He wheeled to the sofa and lifted himself into it. He lay down and rested his hands under his chin, wanting to just think. John didn’t protest, and sat down in the armchair across from him. He opened up the morning newspaper and started to read, oblivious to Sherlock battling his desire to do anything but sit still. But he couldn’t.
John set a plate of breakfast in front of Sherlock, just the way he liked it, and then placed his tea in front of him. Sherlock picked at the perfect eggs, drank the tea with ease, and nibbled at the toast.
John furrowed his brows in pure confusion but simply hummed for Sherlock to continue at his own pace.
John laughed nervously and crawled to the end of the bed. He set his feet on the floor and faced Sherlock.
Sherlock stared at his brother, narrowing his eyes. He stared at his brother for several minutes, participating in silent deductions and an arguing conversation. With finality, it was Mycroft who broke the silence, seriousness and warning leaking profusely in his tone.
Sherlock took a step back, and then stopped. He walked forward and lightly kissed John’s forehead, before stepping back, taking in John’s reaction.
Alone, John placed his hands on the edges of the sink and breathed deeply, slowly through the nose and then out the mouth. He wanted to get out of this place badly, but couldn’t do it by himself. He wondered if Mycroft would do something, but he hadn’t heard of him since he was first committed. The days were blending in and whatever anger management medication they were giving him was not helping. He was sleep deprived, yet didn’t even have hallucinations or nightmares when he did sleep. He only heard Sherlock right after his therapy session, or in the morning the next day.
Their kisses grew more heated, and pretty soon Sherlock and John had their pajamas and underpants off, their cocks hard with arousal.
“We can put him in a smaller bubble, almost like a coffin. It’s like an adult incubator; it’ll have two holes for arms to go in so it’ll be easier to administer drugs to the IV tube in his hand, and to check his wound. The ventilator tubes can go through another hole, and that way, the seal won’t be such a hassle. It’ll be best if we put him to sleep—.”
Sherlock sat up steadily and leaned against the armrest. “Go on and get it out. That’s the reason you came here, after all. You’re not here just to check in.”
As their orgasms began dying away, John caught his breath and pulled out gently, and then turned onto his back and looked at his husband.
“I think Anthea could be being framed, now that I think about it. It does seem rather easy, finding evidence against her. First Watson, then her. The system malfunction was sudden and unexplained, but it wasn’t the entire system that stopped working. In the back we have these systems that are temporary set up here, but they stay on a separate grid, and continue working so they can keep our information and files blocked by a firewall so it can’t be hacked into. We have several walls blocking certain files. When the system crashed, they would still be working. There was a recent log in, with her name, but she rarely left your sight.”
The abbreviations that Sherlock mentions are from the numbers/letters corresponding on a cell phone.
“This is just procedure, Sherlock. It’s just a check up. Besides, they need to print the images and examine them. This is something to do in the meantime.”
“And what are you going to tell John? Tell him not to worry and everything is done now or that you both are still in danger?”
