"This isn't a one time thing, is it?"
He didn’t want to leave the flat, far from it, but he didn’t have any other choice. John hadn’t given him another choice. And now, after John had leaned down and kissed the crown of his head, he’d had to hear what John definitely sounded like after he came.
He mentally shook himself. Now was not the time to think like that. "But you just got off the phone with...someone."
Sherlock spent the entire ride with his leg going, his foot hitting the floorboard over and over again. He worried at his bottom lip and pulled at the edge of his shirt.
Not many people were here after all.
But! I decided to write a mid-night shirt chapter because of them~
John's eyes un-glazed. They were the colour of midnight. If midnight could shine the way the galaxy seemed to shine. They were tinged with a light green on the outside of his pupil. "Sometimes...I still see the war."
"They're spelling something. And we have a good idea what." Sherlock's interest piqued.
John takes in a shuddering breath, and Sherlock breaths out hard, sending a tremor through John's body.
John had no idea what to make of it, or if he even did want to make anything of it. He entered the kitchen and looked around. Sherlock wasn't here, so he was probably in
Oh! And there is a youtube video.
"Dammit John. You could've broken my nose." From the sound of it, Sherlock was fine.
"Did it help, dear? Having someone like that?" Mrs. Hudson's voice was low. John shook his head, and then nodded. "Just...pressure. When I get like that, I need pressure," John mumbled. Mrs. Hudson reached out, and once again took his hand.
His fingers tangling in dark curls.
"I am not going anywhere." He could see John swallow, and a though ran through his hair.
Sherlock kept looking at the clock on the plane.
Silence.
He tasted a bit like strawberries, but he supposed that was Mrs. Hudson’s doing - always buying fruits for them, wanting them to be healthy. He tasted a bit of lugduname, and that was one Sherlock had himself to blame, for he’d given the sweetening agent to Mrs. Hudson when he found out everything about it he needed to know about it. But he did taste like tea. And not just any tea, it was Sherlock’s Earl Grey Lavender one.
I will make one with any commented languages.
Part of him was wondering why Mycroft called Sherlock back even after John had never answered. But he supposed that was just how the Holmes brothers were. They did things without thinking and when they did think, they didn't take anyone else opinion into matter.
But then again life wasn’t fair because he was having to leave London to protect a damn man who didn’t love him back. But he’d do anything for John and even if that meant….
room. They had booked separate rooms, with a door connecting them.
Sherlock stayed still. Not a word, his hands at his side, his mouth slightly agape.
"Not about this," he answers. "You went through Moriarty and Eurus. And you still go through Mycroft. I'm not letting you into this one," he adds quietly. John nods slightly but doesn't move his hand.
"Why would I not?"
Marks on his neck to stay.
Yes, I know this one is short. It's a lead in to something bigger.
everyone knew as Sherlock Holmes.
, Sherlock, where are you going. There is no one else for me to ask." Sherlock cocked his head a bit, and his brows furrowed.
Sherlock’s mind ran as he made his way out of the building.
"What!?" One thought crossed his mind, but he pushed it away.
"Well I wouldn't say nothing."
He shook his head and then smiled, pulling his arm from Molly's, "I suppose I should go get ready," he said, and Molly nodded.
Unnaturally fast.
It was in Manchester, UK. Not only was it far, but the forecast had said something about a big storm. Sherlock had, of course, ignored it. Bustling John into a taxi, yelling at him for taking so long.
And it wasn’t like Sherlock didn’t like the sound. No, quite the opposite. He very much liked it. Maybe too much because now he had thoughts of John coming undone in his head. And then he had thoughts of John’s thighs in his head, and how they would clench when he came.
"What?" Sherlock's voice was rough. "I need pressure. Please, Sherlock." And Sherlock did. He pulled John to him, pressing him against his chest, and John had a sudden realization. Neither had shirts on. John could feel every muscle, every bone in Sherlock's body. He wrapped his leg around one of Sherlock's.
The pressure was slowly subsiding. Sherlock was holding him close, and he was listening to Sherlock's heart beat.
John was sitting, his cuppa on the dark carpet, now darker in one spot. He was straight backed, his fingers gripping the arms of his chair. His face was white, and Sherlock saw him swallow.
"Is there anything to eat?" She heard Sherlock ask. She didn't turn around, but threw the same answer she always had over her shoulder.
Hands pulling him closer to the warmness of a body.
John sighed heavily, "Okay, fine, yeah, I love you. Okay? You can be pissed all you want and if it really matters I can get my stuff and find another place to stay."
He went through everything again in his head until he was running in circles and had no where else to go. So...he came out of it and winces right away. He looked down at his hand to see a white bandage around his palm and wrist. He looked up to see John sitting at one of the chairs.
Clothes gets pulled.
"And what if I did? Huh? Maybe you're worth stopping."
Lestrade had given them this case. A young woman had shown up dead at the local beach. Police had taken her fingerprints. Her dental. But she wasn't in the system. She wasn't anywhere. She was unidentifiable. So, naturally, Lestrade had given it to Sherlock. The case, however, wasn't in London.
Again, silence.
, Sherlock had shown up. And....all that pain had just...evaporated. Had just left.
Gently? Sherlock thought. Since when did Mycroft Holmes do anything gently. Sherlock shook his head, “What about him?”
"I just...I need a second," Sherlock breathes out.
And then....God, and then John was being pressed against a wall.
Lips and tongue.
John nodded and made his way to the stairs, ignoring Sherlock when he called for John. He pushed his door open and grabbed his bags, heading back down the stairs.
"What if he doesn't wake up?" Greg asked, his voice cutting though John's sleep induced mind.
God...the stupid game. With fucking Moriarty and Eurus. Sherlock was right. He'd dealt with so much...he'd gone through almost dying more than once...
John stayed where he was, leaning against Sherlock, listening to him tell Rosie about the uses of tobacco - he always brought it up whenever he could - and he smiled. This was his family.
I know. I know. But, silly me, I can't figure out how to put videos on here.
Sherlock began buttoning his shirt, "And?" Sherlock sighed.
John keens, and his fingers scratch down Sherlock's back, until he'd holding Sherlock's ass, pulling him deeper, and harder.
"I love you."
Sherlock watched Mrs. Hudson walk out. After he heard her footsteps receded almost fully, he plopped down in his chair, and pulled his legs up.
going to get himself off when he was this pissed.
"Because you're not the only one in love!"
Movements go faster.
And then Sherlock presses another kiss to John's shoulder and starts to move down, nosing against John's stomach, leaving soft kisses on his way. He breathes in deep against John's skin, holds his breath a little too long, and lets it rush back out in a warm puff that makes John shake.
She sighed, knowing she would have to go up there and patch the wall up. Again.
Hands touched his skin.
The writing changed then, going from Sherlock's hand writing to John's
Sherlock's. And then after two years,
And he wouldn't think about the smile he got when Lestrade came over with a new murder. Or how when Molly (tried) to hit on Sherlock, he would always turn to John for some reason, as if asking
And no, he had
-   Mycroft Holmes
Sherlock looked over, and smiled. John was still there, although asleep. He looked younger. Sherlock reached out, and lightly rubbed one finger down John's cheek; from his temple to the edge of his lips. The edge of his mouth was soft, and Sherlock imagined kissing him there.
Or how he would make Sherlock beg under him while he licked and bit at the other man's neck, marking up his collar bone. Fuck, how that collar bone killed John every time he saw it after Sherlock would come out the shower.
Feet stumble across the room; bodies don't un-attach.
It was a loud thump after his that made him look up in time to see John come out from the stairwell, his eyes wide. Sherlock could see better now from the light upstairs and it was then that he realized his vision was blurry. Sherlock blinked and it took him another moment before he processed the fact that his eyes were full of tears.
And maybe if John did Sherlock wouldn’t have to leave, but he wouldn’t ask because he’d be damned if he ruined anything with John now. And if he ruined things before he even had much of a start to fix them it wouldn’t be fair.
And John nearly clocks him in response. John doesn’t know why, just that his body leans forwards, arms protective, his breath tearing through his chest.
Sherlock goes to the morgue the next day, buys two cups of tea and two packets of crisps, and finds Molly. She smiles when she sees him come in. “Oh, I had a measles case two days ago, but he’s already gone.”
It’s like coming home.
At times, he is not even certain that he feels anything at all.
They’re both just so damn good looking, too. John doesn’t always realise that anymore, but seeing them like this...
Sherlock does indeed help John up from the kerb with a quick pull of both his hands. They return the tray and line up on the tall chairs, waiting to hear the challenge.
it. Us. I still do.” He swallows, then says, “I love you.”
Gently. With a soft, heartbreaking press of lips.
Mycroft wants her to at least feel connected to others. To be able to communicate. A certain degree of solitude comes with intelligence, and with being a Holmes as well, Mycroft knows. Sherlock and himself were raised in such loneliness.
And John knows he’s expected to refocus her on civilian life. They’ve got breathing exercises, even. But instead he says, “You ever consider becoming a cop? A bit of trouble would do you a world of good, what do you think?”
Sherlock does not see any of this. He looks as if he barely dares to breathe in her direction, but he can’t tear his eyes away either.
John grins. He’s pretty sure most kids her age would stick with ‘birdie’.
“Some liquor might be pleasant right now as well.”
Mycroft has not received a single message from John.
Sherlock is the only one with a key that overrides the system.
“You go through great lengths to appear both approachable and sociable, but in truth...” Sherlock yawns. “Useless conversation bores you as much as it does me.”
Then says, “I have a case.” He doesn’t, actually.
She nods.
But after, John always reaches out. John’s fingers sneak in between the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt to lie on his stomach, or John squeezes his arse, and Sherlock has to hold himself still so he doesn’t flinch. Sherlock has to control the shudder, the instant urge to pull away, and make himself smile. Make it appear as if it is turning him on.
It took many years before Mycroft looked back on his own actions then and realised that he should not have been ashamed at all. He was there for Sherlock when they were not. His caring was not a defect to be negated or suppressed, but something essential. Something that he does not regret giving.
Sherlock runs a quick check of his body - his stomach is empty, yes. His tongue is dry, and sticking to his lips. He looks at the door. John is right there. Sherlock’s erection pulses at the thought.
Sherlock seems all right. Of course, they only fucked a couple of times, so that doesn’t mean a thing, but John can feel his chest pulse with the realisation of that fact.
Sherlock, predictably, gives him a lingering smile. “I want that, too, John.”
, which is something John never would have chosen for this challenge, but apparently it worked for him because Irene sounds genuinely impressed when she says, “That is a
And John can’t stop himself from wanting more every single day.
Mycroft unzips John’s trousers, opens the button, and works them down for him. Mycroft pulls John’s cock out and - expertly, Jesus, John can feel himself grow in his hand – slides his fingers over him.
John sends a text the next day, “I resigned. JW” Sherlock hopes that that’s what it was, then, that John was agonising about giving up on his work.
Sitting here, Mycroft lets himself imagine it. He looks at John, currently nursing a cup of tea and watching Sherlock with a warm expression. Sherlock, playing the violin with his eyes on John. Mrs. Hudson, with Violet on her lap, attempting to teach her some kind of clapping game. Violet seems fascinated by her hands.
John breathes. He’s really quite drunk. The car is a haze, and he can feel Mycroft’s eyes trail over him. “Are you all right, John?”
Mycroft sends back, “I would like to think that it takes more than this. But then humanity as a species is as deeply flawed as it is idiotic. MH”
“We don’t have
Mycroft thinks it best not to get involved.
glad to see him. Observing Sherlock’s obvious fascination with the baby and hearing his eagerness about William’s progress has been a joy. Sherlock seems content. And Sherlock is here first thing in the morning, honouring their bond. Mycroft appreciates it more than he could ever tell him.
“So, how’ve you been?” Greg asked as he sat down, not bothering to take off his coat.
“…Yeah.” He nodded. “That was you on the blog, then? ‘Mary, x.’” He mimed quotation marks with his fingers, and her blush teased out a small smile from him. “How did you find it?”
They shook hands.
Mary tucked the scrap in her pocket and nodded. “Yeah, I uh, I moved here… about a year ago? Yeah, almost a year.”
“Wait, that was... your brother? You phoned
Mycroft has no idea how John can find him attractive like this.
It’s the easiest relationship he’s ever had with someone, being an uncle. Mycroft has always been a powerhouse, impossible to live up to. And John is pain and happiness combined, but Violet… Violet is tiring, but every moment makes sense. If he pays attention - and Sherlock does - he can predict nearly everything she needs. Sherlock can tell when she’s too hot, or too cold. When it’s too loud, or not loud enough. When she’s bored, or hungry, or tired. He is good at this, raising a child. Completely unexpectedly, he is, and the idea fills him with a strange joy. He, never good at people, can raise a child, even Mycroft thinks so.
“Is John is not satisfied with your…” Mycroft could say this delicately, but then what Sherlock needs right now is clarity, “...
“You being ambitious over there, Sherlock?” Janine calls out. She has a smudge of paint on her cheek, but she does not seem to care one bit.
A masterpiece. Easier said than done, that.
Mycroft has always disliked dancing. Although he is proficient after the sheer amount of practice he has put in, he does not actually move very well. Mycroft is only too aware that next to Sherlock’s talented form, his performance has always been subpar.
Sherlock eyes John and the half-mast erection he sports. “I would say so, yes.”
Sarah smiles at him while she works. She’s using bright blue, which John wouldn’t have done. She’s also got a very minimal outline, John sees. She’s going for a faded watercolour sort of look again.
As if Mycroft cares about that praise.
Mycroft nods briefly.
to it, don’t you?”
John looks at him with clear intent, then puts his arms around him and pulls him into a warm embrace.
Mycroft has seen the way John loves, and he does not want that for himself. Why would he, when he can see Sherlock’s suffering daily?
Sherlock frowns. Mycroft is not even seven months pregnant. “There’s two more months.” Followed by years, probably, until John gets bored. Sherlock hates to acknowledge it, but that is likely to happen eventually. To both of them.
“Yeah? Yours is all too reliant on your linework. How about some bright colour? Use that red like paint, splash it over there.”
Mycroft sighs. And then gives in with a nod.
“Mr. Holmes.” The client throws an anxious look at the production assistant behind him and says, “I don’t want a back piece. I want to be tattooed on my arm.”
Something harsh rises up in his throat, and John says,
Sherlock laughs, and John can feel something light in his chest as he smiles. Ha! Someone else who can’t stand that wanker. John’s still smiling when the production assistant says, “Everyone, silence please!”
The judges confer, and then announce, “The winners of the flash challenge are… Bainbridge and John!”
Mycroft can only spread his legs wider in reply. Sometimes John uses his fingers, first. Other times he merely breathes there, that close. Sometimes he goes straight to it and presses inside of him, and it both hurts and soars to receive him. Now, he leans closer - Mycroft can feel him - and then there is the soft, wet trace of his tongue. Mycroft doesn’t make a sound.
John has no idea what to do. Or what to
Sherlock looks at him with some confusion. “John?”
Mycroft thinks all these things, and still he gives in. His senses crackle and overflow, enough that he lets out a barely audible sound. John knows him enough by now to speed up and to take more from him. John does it with a pleased moan, as if it is John himself reaching the peak. Mycroft allows himself to wish and want and reach for John. He orgasms into John’s mouth.
into the hole of the scar itself.
“Looks right to me.”  Despite Sherlock’s vivid explanation, John hasn’t got a clue what the rules of this style are, really. “It’s good work, you’ll be on top.”
“Exactly,” John says, as he digs his thumbs into Mycroft’s arch, and Mycroft can feel some long-ignored tension suddenly release.
Anthea eyes him. “It changed you. Having her.” She says it not as an insult. Although she must have thought it so many times over the last year, right now it is just a comment.
Sherlock draws John’s tattoos from memory.
Mycroft has never attempted a relationship without a certain level of secrecy himself, granted, but surely this is different. “Then simply tell him that you do not wish it?” He briefly thinks about his words, but he cannot see the flaw in them.
Mycroft interrupts him - he will see all that in the notebook they keep in the bag. “Why did you bring her here, Sherlock?”
The lift pings before Molly’s fully done talking. They walk towards the sofas to see Sherlock seated there. He's breathtakingly attractive even though it’s pissing it down outside and the lobby’s gloomy.
He hadn’t even considered that. Lestrade is right, people do tend to have more than one, don’t they? The thought is intriguing. Sherlock eyes Mycroft. Was he lying?
, Mycroft always does - but he holds back and just nods. “Sherlock.” He brushes a hand over Violet’s curls. “See you in a bit.”
John walks amidst the remnants of the party after it’s all done and avoids Sherlock’s questioning gaze. He’s in a bad mood. The people, the whole deal. Work has been crap as well.
John sleeps in Sherlock’s bed the next night, as well. And the next.
- John trusts him. He trusts Mycroft. John saw Mycroft’s face when he told them he wasn’t pregnant, and now as well - too scared of everything that might go wrong to be happy yet. Mycroft wants this. They all do.
Distant chatting.
John says, “Good thing you’re always prepared, yeah?”
The only other thing that John can think of is the obvious one - Mara. And it’s not like that’s going well at all.
She’s gone before Mycroft can object to the overly personal remark, but he feels a brush of anger nonetheless. Anthea is well aware that he never shares those appointments with either of them. There are sides of this that Mycroft wishes to keep private, and the indignity of his doctor’s appointments is very much on that list.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows.
John wonders if Sherlock ever even cared who he was. John was just one in a long line of fucks while Sherlock was blasted out of his skull, and it didn’t mean a goddamn thing -
John says, “Well, he just injected himself with bonding hormones, so I’d say he’s got a shot at it.”
Sherlock hesitates. He’s still working. They really don’t have to if he’s too busy. “Ten to.”
John cooks dinner. His mind isn’t in it, but Sherlock never seems to particularly mind what he makes anyway, and by the time Sherlock actually comes to sit at the table - miracles, and all that - John feels strangely good about it all. Great, even. He asks, “Want to have some wine with that?”
Mycroft gets out, walks around the car to Violet’s side, and takes Violet in his arms.
“I did, yeah.” John smiles. “That’s what people do, isn’t it? Bring their fiancé flowers.”
John curses, and Sherlock gets up and takes her. “You’re with us, Violet.” She’s wailing, sniffling, and gasping for air. Sherlock takes her to the bed to lie between them. She quiets down again a bit there, but not fully. It’s been stressful for her, Sherlock is aware. He pats her back.
A child.
Eventually, Sherlock walks to the kitchen. John is sitting there, cradling a cup of tea.
John doesn’t have much of a strategy. He decides on impulse. “Sherlock, you tattoo on the back.”
on his knees, opening his mouth, eager for it to be filled with John’s cock.
John can feel his gaze be drawn to him. It feels like he hasn’t seen him in longer than it’s actually been, for some reason. Mycroft notices, but he just looks back calmly.
“Text me, stupid stuff. Come to the park on Sundays. Stay up all night with the kids with me when they’re sick. Let me sleep over sometimes. Talk to me.”
Nothing.
Mycroft was not prepared for the question as such. He takes his tea cup, has a sip, and controls the shame that comes along with having to admit this to John. He carefully states, “I am aware that it is not a permanent solution.” Sooner or later they will have to break this bond.
Mycroft frowns. “I really don’t think that…”
It’s only a temporary escape. Sherlock feels about done with the crowds by noon and goes home anyway. He waits for the nanny to bring Violet - once she’s here, he’s fairly sure he’s safe. Mycroft wouldn’t want to risk a potentially volatile discussion with Violet between them.
John takes two pastries out of his bag and puts them on her table. “Here, morning delivery.”
John feels alive here, when he’s competing and proving himself against everyone else. It’s not all just Sherlock; this is what he wanted to do. Who he wanted to be.
Mycroft has worked himself up into a quite unpleasant mood by the time he actually is there. Perhaps he should not.
John makes hot chocolate, and they play the Disney film about cats and all hide under a blanket as the sky darkens even though it is only afternoon.
But John barely gets a look in return for his trouble. A quick flick of Sherlock’s eyes. A hint of his smell. “Hm.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Childcare isn’t limited to omegas, John, it’s not the fifties. And I can combine both.”
John shakes his head at the omega, and there’s a low, angry pitch to his voice as he says, “I’m sorry, mate, but it’s not gonna happen.”
John looks at Mycroft and meets his gaze. Mycroft’s eyes soften. He still seems a bit stunned, too.
take his hand. But again, no reason to be jealous, it’s different. John tried not to take it personally. But ever since then… Mycroft just doesn’t seem to want him anywhere near.
And really, he should have figured it out by now, shouldn’t he? It’s been
Sherlock grabs John’s arm, leads him to the sofa, and sits him down. John sinks down into the cushions.
So John walks that long corridor again down to the NICU. He scans the wristband they gave him to be let inside.
Oh. Mycroft eyes him. He has very little idea as to how relationships like this are meant to work, or what John even wants from him, if it is not simply sexual. But John should be allowed to stay, Mycroft imagines. “Yes. Of course.”
John considers introducing himself. He’s not sure whether Holmes is sleeping, or meditating, or what. He has stretched ears, John can see, with simple black plugs that match his wild curls. Besides those, his face is completely bare.
Sherlock is sitting in a rocking chair. His shirt is opened, his chest is bare, and he is holding the baby to his skin. Sherlock sees him, smiles brightly and whispers, “I’m
Mycroft suppresses these thoughts and ties them into a dark corner of his mind, but yet they return often. When he changes William. When he takes him home and has him in the car next to him. Mycroft does care for him, but it is the absence of intensity that seems… unfitting.
It’s a much nicer taxi ride than the one a couple of months ago. Now there’s a sense of expectation, of joy. Sherlock’s tapping his foot up and down.
It has been a long, warm day, and his legs ache. Mycroft’s feet are swollen, his joints are painfully pressing as he walks up the stairs. But it is Tuesday, 8 PM.
John takes his time finishing the steak. It’s really gorgeous, the best meal John’s had in months, and Mycroft doesn’t seem to mind waiting. Actually, Mycroft is taking him in while he eats, John can tell. He’s almost annoyed when he’s done, because there’s nothing left now to say, except what they have to.
She is nearly four months old.
It’s fine, Sherlock’s never been certain that what he feels for John is love, either. It’s much more than that. More than whatever passion ordinary people seem to be capable of. Love is kissing and holding hands, Sherlock is sure. What he feels is his chest being ripped apart. It’s much crueller than being in love.
If it really continues like this there are ways to make it stop, of course. Maybe it’s his hormones playing havoc, a recovering brain sending out all the wrong signals. His doctor would probably love to know about this, but John’s loath to go in and have them question him, at least about this. It’s harmless, anyway. It’s not that he minds, either. It’s just that it’s giving him a bit of an uncomfortable flashback to puberty here - unexpected erections haven’t been an issue for quite a while.
“Would you, John? Be there?” Mycroft seems to doubt it.
Sherlock lets go, brings his hand to his nose, and smells it. The scent of John. It is intriguing.
John tattoos another circle and tries to tell himself he’s being an absolute arse. He met Mary in Mike’s shop, almost five years ago now. She was the mouthy blonde who came in every once in a while because they ordered the needles in bulk from the US. The one who Mike introduced with, “Oh, don’t you two know each other? Mary runs her own shop, AGRA Tattoo.”
Moriarty.
John didn't turn, just stopped, one of his hands on the knob of his bedroom door. "Bed." And with that one word, he opened the door, slipped inside, and shut the door behind him.
He shucked his clothes off and climbed into his bed. It felt nice to be back in his own one. He didn't much like the one at the hotel, although if he was honest, it was only because Sherlock was much to close then. He was a floor above Sherlock now, and there wasn't a chance that if, and that was an if, he had a nightmare, Sherlock would
He didn't think he could go a week like this. He was always tense, and his mind was always wandering, and always at the most inappropriate of times. When they were surrounded by people, or when Sherlock would actually eat and he would tell his love of the food through his throat.
He opened the door, climbed in, threw his bag in the back and started the car. He put his hand on the wheel and flinched a bit.
John shivered, "I was thinking about it." He heard Sherlock hum.
John shakes his head again and runs a hand over his face, "I just said I loved you."
"And why not?" John shot back.
John shook his head head and looked down, hearing a shuffling. "How long do these cook?" John looked up.
John's fingers weave through Sherlock's hair, and he pulls and jerks it with pleasure. Sherlock hums as John alternates between pushing up into Sherlock's warm grip and riding back down onto his hot tongue.
"I must have gotten them mixed up," John smiled at her.
"What did you do?" John gaped.
He wondered how it would be tomorrow, when the storm was over, and the thunder stopped.
Regret.
John asked. Sherlock turned a bit to look at him. "I forgot you couldn't just grab it."
"Because is what I'm like?"
Because of Sherlock. And because of the war. And because of the fall.
And as he thought of that, he let himself fall asleep.
But now that he was here, he never wanted to leave. He had Sherlock. He had his own little girl, Rosie. He had a family that was his to call home. He had everything he ever wanted. And god, he never would let that go.
"Sherlock, what were you doing in my room?" Still no answer from the other man. Worry lanced its way into John's gut.
And when John whines a low half needy sound, Sherlock goes over the edge with him, burying his head in John's shoulder, his thrusts stuttering to a stop, his vision blurring and his back arches, his fingers painfully digging into the bed sheets.
He'd smelled of honey which meant Mrs. Hudson had given him tea. And he smelled like wood which led Sherlock to realize John had taken a shower, and he could still feel the heat of it coming off of John in waves. He could feel John's skin against his arm and he felt it even more when he pulled away and it wasn't there any more. He could taste the stress coming off of him, and he could smell.....
"No," he said, " do you actually want food, or did you just come down here to mess with me?" John asked.
"Yo....You're not hurt? You're a-alive" he asked, his voice low and rough and laced with worry and desperateness. John stood still, his own stance the same mix. Sherlock shook his head and swallowed. "M-mycroft said you were....." he trails off and mentally hits himself. Of course Mycroft had lied.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock straightened himself, and he shook himself. "You're fine," he stated.
Mycroft shook his himself and looked around again. There was no door. There was an outline where one should’ve been, but there was no way for him to do anything with it. The ceiling had a single vent, which Mycroft knew was only so whoever was in here would be able to breathe. There wasn’t a way out. Mycroft didn’t know how he’d let himself get taken. It had been stupid. Of all the people to get taken they had decided to take the person who was technically the British government.
Gasps.
people," John sat up straighter and turned to Sherlock fully.
John shouted.
"I..I dont c-care? What in the bloody name of the queen do you mean I don't
“Hello, Mr. Holmes,” the voice sounded, light and calm. Mycroft’s chest tightened, and he his sped up.
He was so fucked.
John stood silent for a good minute. Has he just....said that....out loud? No that...he wouldn't do that. But now Sherlock was standing there like he'd just seen Mycroft do something particularly disgusting.
"I was worried." John looked up at Sherlock.
His tongue asked for entrance of the soft mouth; it gave way.
His head tilts up; soft lips on his neck.
And Sherlock...Sherlock was ruining him.
years for him to get here.
His fingers trailed over heated skin.
Lost of breaths.
"Of course I'm fine, Sherlock," John answered.
Sherlock jumped, throwing his arm out. His fingers connected with the phone, and he answered before another ring ran through.
"We should probably go anyways," Sherlock said and pulled his hand from the water, turning the faucet off.
But it had all been
understand, John," Mrs. Hudson. said John opened his mouth to answer, but a loud thump came from above them. Mrs. Hudson looked up, frowned, and then looked back to John.
I am so evil. Cliff hanger. Yay. Don't hate me. BUT CLIFF HANGER.
Sherlock turned and walked to the door, his breath still coming uneven.
Love you all. Hope you do!
Kind short chapter. Love you all bunches. Sadly, next one will probably be short too... Sad face....
Sherlock's mouth fell open again, "Why would I want you to leave?"
(See the end of the chapter for
She heard another crash.
A bed.
A pitied look from Mycroft.
John didn't answer. He was far too deep into his sleep already, but the question pricked at his nerves.
Back to the sociopath and
was getting over me, John."
"Why not? It's my choice."
Yes, there were bodies that
Sherlock hesitates but eventually nods, “Fine.” Whatever Mycroft wanted to know couldn’t be that bad.
Sherlock wanted to change that, but he couldn’t move except to roll his hips again, his groan caught by John’s mouth, as the man pulled him closer again. Sherlock took it in that John had lost all his tension, and his mind flickered to the thought that maybe he had been tense because of Sherlock. But he pushed that away, like the other one, and simply ran his tongue over John’s bottom lip, reveling in the shudder he pulled from the man.
"W-well where are you going?" Sherlock looked back to him. "Where am I going?" John nodded, and raised his hand to block a yawn.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then Sherlock is pushing his erection against John's, and Oh god the friction felt amazing. Sherlock moved his lips down John's jaw and to his shoulder, and the he reaches down with a free hand, and firmly wraps his hand around John's cock, and strokes him.
sorry this is so late. i have another one coming up guys. comment and leave kudos.
Sherlock sat in the chair, his legs pulled up and against his chest. He hated lying to John about the bodies, and he hated even more when John found out. He'd stopped lying about everything and told John all the answers after Eurus.
She nods at them and sits down, then dabs her eyes.
“I have a newborn, what did you think?” Mycroft sounds just as irritated as Sherlock feels.
Sherlock’s mouth pulls just a little, but it’s enough to make this all right, what just happened. They’ll still be friends in the morning, John thinks.
Mycroft immediately says, aware of the great, deep disadvantage of being caught in the middle of a wish destroyed, a child taken from him, “Leave.” When Sherlock opens his mouth, Mycroft raises his voice, “
“Taffeta.” Sherlock scrapes some dirt from under the woman’s fingernails and collects it in a sample bag.
“I did not finish,” Sherlock admits. John undoubtedly saw.
Fine. John goes on, “Could you tell me when Mycroft is in his Diogenes Club office? And, um, not tell him that I called?” John thinks about what he’s asking, really. She probably can’t give out that information at all. “I’m not going to… I don’t know,
Violet knows how to wave goodbye, and she does so happily. “Ba ba ba ba!”
John is having sex with Sherlock.
Mycroft will take him to his own room, of course. He has noticed the possessive hand John has on Sherlock’s lower back and the fatigued, but sure way they move together. Mycroft will make himself scarce as soon as possible - John and Sherlock deserve their privacy.
They all guide their clients to their various shops, but it’s nothing like the mayhem the first challenges were. Three artists in a space this big are barely noticeable – once they’re in his shop, John can’t even hear Sherlock’s voice, or see much of Janine.
Mycroft can feel himself say, “I believe it would only be a short term solution.”
He’s always given John cases instead. The thrill of it is what John likes even more than sex. And Sherlock’s the only one who can provide that for John, so as long as he does, John won’t leave.
“...I can’t do this.”
John says to her, “There’s an artist who did live pigs, isn’t there? Tattooed them. Remember seeing it on the news, couple of years back.”
“Hello, my dear.” Mycroft feels rather tired.
Sherlock looks at him a bit oddly, as if he’s thick. “John, you need to support him.”
It is only his own belief in this that still shocks Mycroft. Not that it is happening, but that he is slowly but surely settling into the thought of its continuity. Perhaps it is because they are being clear about what they are asking. They all have committed to this, after all. To each other. Mycroft cannot define it precisely, only that it no longer feels like a choice that he is ill-equipped to make.
He relieves himself, and then eyes the bath. John is asleep, so he will not miss him. The baby monitor is in the bedroom, but if Violet wakes, John will hear and he will get her.
When Sherlock kissed him on that rooftop, John thought he’d burst in two with love for that insane bastard of a man.
“It was a cold, you know. Or well, we thought it was, she thought it was a cold. It’s been the time for it. And then-”
And still, it does not happen.
There is no reason to be complacent or joyful about this until the moment that he is holding a second child in his arms. The process to get there will be long, frustrating and difficult. He knows it.
Sherlock actually showers, re-dresses, and gets ready to go again.
“Welcome, contestants! You have entered this competition with one goal in mind: to earn a hundred thousand pounds, a feature in Ink Magazine, and the title of ‘Ink Master’. This challenge is meant to test your creativity…”
“I know that, he quit.”
She seems taken aback to be asked. And to be honest, John doesn’t actually have a thing to do in the kitchen, it’s all Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock on that front, but Molly gets up and follows him. John turns to her as soon as they’re out of earshot, and he was right - she is upset.
“…We did well, yeah. You?”
He observes the calm expression on John’s face. There are some bags under John’s eyes, but it seems to suit him remarkably well, this life. And Mycroft can see the love radiating off Sherlock, as could anyone. Mycroft wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock has been announcing to random strangers that he has a child.
They never really discussed it. Mycroft needed Sherlock, therefore Sherlock bonded to him. Sherlock once looked up the numbers of sibling bonds and found that they are nearly non-existent. But then
John walks out exactly on time, wearing his jacket. As he sees him, he smiles, first. And then as it sinks in, his expression shifts somewhat. When John reaches him, he says, “I know, I’m sorry, he just…” John sighs. “He pressed me, and I told him, and then… well, I’m still hung-over.”
They don’t talk about it again. John seems to want to pretend that everything is normal, so Sherlock does, too. John doesn’t say that he’s going to date someone else, but it’s only a matter of time before John gives his body to someone who can satisfy it better.
However, I decided to play his game. Doubtless, I would learn what he was up to sooner or later, so there was little harm in indulging the mystery while it lasted. I could find
to him? What I had done was to protect him, shield him from my own vile nature. Yet, I so desperately wanted to know how he was… My heart yearned to know if he was well, to be assured that I was right to act as I did, I forced it down, I must not allow my judgement be clouded by sentiment and wishful thinking.
him leave.
Watson falls unwell, alone, in a filthy Edinburgh lodging house.
“You’re right,” I whispered,voice hoarse. I stood up abruptly, throwing my pipe down on the mantelpiece. I began pacing the hearthrug, gripping my hair tightly and pulling until it hurt.
“Come now, my love, stop catching flies and come sit!” His face was flushed with life and the heat of cooking.
Hello friends :) happy Christmas Eve! I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas despite the crazy times we are living in (if you celebrate Christmas or just a great day if you do not!). Hope you enjoy this chapter, yet again it is angstyyyy. But I've come to realise whilst reading through my stories/ideas that I like to rip my heart out on a regular basis over these two... oops. Enjoy!
It had been two days. Forty-eight hours. Twenty-eight hundred and eighty minutes since I left Baker’s Street. I had fled to my club that night, securing a room and sending word to my practice that I would be taking a week's holiday, not that there would be many patients to note my absence. I couldn’t face normality, to return to my routine would be to get on with my life, as if nothing had happened, and the very thought of it nauseated me.
“Beautiful…” he mumbled into my skin, and I clawed at his smallclothes, desperate to see all of him. He understood my action perfectly and pulled down his smalls to reveal the most exquisite sight. My breath hitched to see him so exposed and, impossibly, I became even more aroused. We rocked together then, gasping at the pleasure the friction brought to both of us, not needing anymore than this, so overwound as we were. All too soon we found our completion, Holmes keening and sighing above me as he reached his climax. I thought he was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
I lay awake most of that night, my mind a whirl. I had just lost the single most precious thing I had on this cursed planet. The idea that I would never again see him cut me so deeply that I had sobbed openly into my pillow. But this desperation also made me feel a deep shame, for what was I without
I threw my clothes into the cases like a madman, hands trembling and fumbling. When I had packed every item, I realised some of my things were in the sitting room and my heart leapt. I couldn't go in there. I couldn't see him again.
He shares my proclivities, I considered, and therefore could be trusted with this story, but not here.
“My present…” I said, confused, “So the meal wasn’t my anniversary present?”
Enjoy the last chapter and I'll be back soon with another one-shot that I've just finished :)
“Watson, I think it best if you seek alternative accommodation. Not immediately if you would rather not, it has been a tiresome day, but tomorrow will suffice.” His voice was emotionless, cold. I felt a chill run down my spine and I shivered involuntarily.
Watson and I swear to you,” The lump in my throat constricted painfully, “I
Hello again :) this one is a short but important one! Hope you're all keeping safe and healthy! Enjoy!
“I would never have thought that Holmes… I… Hmm…” He mused and I looked at him, myself now confused.
“Find him,” he whispered.
“John captured you perfectly in his stories, I see. Verbatim, even—such a cold, callous machine that you can’t even recall the cruel, heartless way you treated your devoted friend not three days ago!” Stamford’s voice began quiet and cutting, but he shouted the last words with a venom I had never before heard uttered from his lips.
, I thought with a cringe. I didn’t have much in the way of money, I had yet to establish a lucrative practice, only allowing the patients to pay what they could afford, however, in that moment, all I could think of was getting away. The cabbie caught it, shouted at a crossing sweep to mind the horses, and with a toothy grin, bounded up the stairs to do as I asked.
“Holmes!” I scolded, leaping back once more, attempting to look at him crossly as he guffawed.
Watson wallows in his new reality but meets an old friend.
” Still he did not awaken, jerking his head back and forth on the pillow. I looked about me and saw a chair in one corner of the room, reluctantly I let go of Watson’s hand and dragged it towards the bed. Noticing the unlit candle on the nightstand, I lit it to better see Watson’s face. My fingers were trembling as I struck the match, and my vision blurred. Candle lit, I once again laid a hand upon Watson’s brow, the other I placed over my eyes, trying to clear my head enough to think.
“You know nothing about it, Stamford!” I barked.
“Well…” Holmes murmured, seating himself beside me, “That’s just it… I…”
” I looked back to see Stamford’s face, which was hard as stone, eyes sharp with disappointed judgement.
The next morning I awoke to Holmes nuzzling into my neck, his arms wrapped around my torso from behind, the whole long line of him pressed up against me. I sighed and tilted my head forward as he pressed delicate kisses to my neck.
Watson's fever breaks and Holmes takes care of him.
“Well, if we are to exchange presents then let me acquire yours!” I said, jumping up and extracting the little box containing his gift from behind some heavy volumes on the bookshelf.
” I ceased pacing and stumbled back into my chair placing my hands over my face, digging in my nails.
Watson wakes, fully conscious and a long awaited conversation takes place between him and Holmes.
Did so many years of friendship and companionship really come to this? Was he so disgusted by my proclivities that he couldn't even see me off? My mind whispered black thoughts;
I sighed and lit my pipe. I briefly wondered where he would have gone, after I had cast him out so cruelly.
“Yes...” He sighed the word, letting his baritone ripple over it like sunlight.
What had I
need some small amount of data. I cannot make bricks without clay.”
that had fallen in love with
of you." I pleaded, turning my back to him. "I…" Leaving him like this was breaking my heart. I swallowed hard. "Goodbye H-Holmes." I croaked. With pain in my chest I strode towards the door. I would go to my club. Only then, only when I was alone and behind a locked door would I allow myself to mourn the loss of our friendship and my tattered heart.
“John! How good to see you old chap! What brings you here?” He approached me and clasped my hand, shaking it with his usual upbeat geniality and a warm smile. I attempted a smile in return but the result was a weak, pained expression, which I knew he would instantly see through.
Hello friends! I've just moved house and have no Internet until 15th which as you can imagine is devastating. I am able to walk up the road to get 4G though so thought I would post whilst I had the chance!
The black feeling of isolation wrapped itself around me, smothering me till I could hardly breathe. I felt an overwhelming tiredness - not necessarily a physical fatigue, but a deep weariness. I was made of lead.
This one is angsty but I love angsty Holmes so no regrets tbh. Enjoy!
(See the end of the chapter for
I could feel the hard line of his arousal through his trousers, and thought of it consumed my attention as I tugged eagerly at his belt and flies. He obliged by kicking them aside, only clad in his smalls now, before his fingers lifted my nightshirt up and over my head. I lay bare before him now, and he stared at me, his grey gaze dark with desire as he drank in every detail. He placed a hand over my heart, leaning down to kiss one of my nipples.
“I suppose I had better make some tea and warm my hands if I am to be allowed to kiss my husband again anytime soon!” Smiling cheeky, he turned to fill the kettle from the tap before placing it on the stove.
I hushed him, smoothing his brow with the wet handkerchief, “Shhh, Watson, shhh, I have you, I’m here my
him. All logic paled in the light of that fact. I had
“It’s nothing, John, I’m so sorry old chap, this
I held the carefully wrapped box out to him. He took it with a curious smile and met my eyes.
The chicken pie Holmes had made was just as incredible as it looked. The pastry was a little overworked but still definitely edible. Holmes grumbled about it not being to his satisfaction and apologised far too many times. It was beautiful, sitting there, opposite the dearest man in the world, feeling such happiness.
Try as he might have to hide it, I knew my Watson was near tears. The observation tore through my heart like a fillet knife. I had wanted to change my mind right then— to apologise, take him into my arms, anything! But I only stood there like a drowning man, useless, and spoke his name like I hadn’t lost my right to it.
“No!” he whispered earnestly, I looked up and his dark eyes bore into mine, pleading, willing me to understand. “That isn’t it at all. I feared my emotions, yes, but never because of my work. I feared them because I feared myself. I thought you couldn’t feel the same, you, an admirer of women, and I thought that… well… I feared you would eventually…” He huffed, apparently irritated at his lack of eloquence, “...that you would be disgusted… look at me with hatred, fear a-and revulsion.” His voice trembled, “I would sooner break my heart by casting you from me than ever let that occur…”
He stopped short in the middle of the room, and stared at me with such a piercing gaze that it unnerved me. He seemed to come to some sort of decision in his mind because he stopped frowning and drew himself up to his full height, rolling back his shoulders and lifting his chin high. I knew the expression he had on his face. It was the expression he wore when he was placing that abominable mask on, that cool, unfeeling mask of indifference. My blood ran cold.
“You don’t mean to tell me you found a translated copy!” I gasped, staring at the volume in Holmes’ hands.
That evening we had recently returned from the conclusion of a case. Holmes had once again strung together the threads of a murder in his usual seamless and accomplished manner, and we had dined comfortably, with our usual, easy camaraderie. It was not yet dark, as the evenings were much brighter during these spring days and I enjoyed this immensely. Despite this light stretching further into the evening, it was still decidedly chilly in London and I was glad of the fire that was crackling gently in the hearth. After dinner, I had begun to notice Holmes looking at me in a peculiar fashion and smoking his onyx pipe contemplatively, but did not comment on it. By the time I had taken out a cigar and lit it, he was pacing the small space between the sitting room door and the edge of the fireplace. I frowned, uncertain what had brought about this sudden agitation. He had been smiling his enchanting smile at me during dinner and had, or so I thought, been in extremely high spirits. But what had changed in such a short space of time?
The opportunity to buy him a new one had arisen when I had travelled to London for a medical conference. I could just as easily have had his old one repaired, but I wanted to treat him to something particular. The jeweller was a discreet and trustworthy fellow that I had known for a number of years - having treated his wife’s arthritis on numerous occasions. I purchased a beautiful silver watch, and arranged for our initials to be engraved on the inside of the hinged cover. What had caught my eye in the shop was the style, a design explained to me by the jeweller as a ‘skeleton watch’. The inside of the watch face is transparent, so one can see the mechanism ticking away inside, and the wearer is able to read the time with the numbers on a ring round the edge. This style was only just beginning to become available - or at least, affordable. I knew Holmes had seen one many years ago that a very wealthy client possessed and was fascinated by it. I knew my darling would doubtless spend hours watching the cogs turn and the mechanism tick, it was just the sort of thing he would love.
he would not.
“... Holmes?” I offered hesitantly.
my traitorous thoughts whispered. My mind was whirring as I threw my cigar in the fire, turned, and strode towards the door. I couldn't look at him, everything in me wanted to look back, just to gaze upon his elegant face for one last time, but I couldn't. He would see the tears in my eyes and I couldn't bear that.
“Not all of it,” said Holmes mischievously.
“I cannot find the words…” I murmured as I traced his lips with mine. “I… I don’t deserve you, my love…” My voice shook with emotion as a single traitorous tear slipped down my cheek.
He was all that was good in my life, and his presence brought out the best in my abilities. When I was with him, I deduced faster, more efficiently, more effectively, like a well-oiled machine. I was constantly hungry for his approval, his praise, so much so that I was theatrical and dramatic in my deductions, but without ever straying from the core logistical foundations of each one. I performed for him each and every day like a showman would to an auditorium, he was my harbinger of joy, my conductor of light. Without him, I feared that I would rust—fade away.
I closed my eyes against the venom of my thoughts. The driver secured the cases to the back and the cab jolted a little as he did so. After shouting out the address of my club, I realised with agonising pain in my heart, that I would never see Sherlock Holmes again.
I was reluctant to talk anymore about it, Stamford again looked at me with clear concern in his expressive eyes and insisted that I ate something. We dined in the club as I was too weary to venture out again. With a herculean effort I attempted to distract myself and talk to Stamford of other things whilst we dined and played cards into the night. But all the while my heart was still pressing tightly and sharply into my ribs, I couldn’t help but think of Holmes and what he might be doing at that moment, and my heart yearned to be by his side once more.
I rushed down the stairs and through the front door in a frenzy. I cast about for a four-wheeler, as much as I would have preferred the speed of a hansom, it wouldn’t take my luggage. I hailed the first I saw and instructed the driver to bring down my cases, recklessly throwing a sovereign at him.
I had always known it was impossible for Holmes to reciprocate my feelings, but to hear that my presence irritated him–disgusted him even–to the point of his forcing me to leave was enough to break my heart into a thousand shards.
For the second time in so many days he spun round looking incredibly guilty. However, this time he turned and exclaimed, “I told you not to come in! It’s almost ready, now shoo!”
(See the end of the chapter for
That evening everything had come to a head, during dinner he had smiled at me in such a way that his whole face looked awash with sunlight. His eyes were bright and so dazzling I could do nothing but stare. That smile had made me feel so full of joy, of aching love. Later, when I watched him settle himself in his chair, I watched his surgeon’s fingers light a cigar and I thought about how they would feel upon my skin. I had lashed out at my mind for tainting such an innocent scene and I realised then, that I couldn’t do it anymore. I had to do something. It was my name upon the lease so he must be the one to leave. I had to
“Oh, my darling…” Holmes whispered, abandoning the volume in his lap and taking my face in his hands, delicately wiping away my tear. “You deserve the world.” He punctuated this statement by once again capturing my lips in his. Such joy blossomed in my chest at his tender caresses and heartfelt words that I was quite overcome.
Once we were upstairs and behind closed doors, I let out a weary sigh and sat in one of the armchairs while motioning Stamford to sit too. He was looking even more confused and a little shocked when he saw my cases in the corner of the room.
, and in my panic, I had snapped.
As I returned to my club I saw a familiar face in the smoking room. Stamford. A part of me was relieved, whilst another part of me wanted to run. He looked up from his paper as I entered and jumped up to greet me instantly.
Watson wakes to fevered imaginings.
I cast off his shirt wildly, running my hands over his taut muscles. He broke the kiss to devour the skin of my neck and my breaths came out in harsh pants. He moaned when my fingers skimmed his pectorals and he slid his hands up and down my thighs, sending sparks of arousal up through my body and blood to rush south.
The strength of that tactile recollection startled me, it had seemed so real. I tried to bring a hand up to my lips but found I could not, for my fingers were being clasped tightly.
I took a fortifying sip of whiskey. His hand was warm and it helped to steady me, and so I began to tell him the whole sorry story: how Holmes, quite out of the blue, had turned to me one evening and requested I find alternative accommodation. I told of how I had fallen deeply in love with Holmes some time ago, but had resigned myself to it, how now I feared he knew the truth of my feelings and was repulsed, disgusted, and never wished to see me again. Stamford listened attentively, brushing his thumb over my hand comfortingly when my voice caught and cracked during my tale. His expression, while sympathetic and reassuring, was also contemplative and quite bewildered. When I had confessed all I realised my tears had made a steady journey down my cheeks without my noticing, so I brought out my handkerchief and wiped them away, slightly embarrassed. I needn't have been, as Stamford and I had been through much together and had wept and comforted each other dozens of times.
to you, I will never be parted from you again.”
He saw my hesitation and his brow furrowed into a look of deep concern.
? I was a broken man before I met him, and he had put all my pieces back together with such tenderness. His friendship, while not openly affectionate, was a reason to live. Helping him with his work gave me purpose, and looking after myself in the hopes that he would, for once, think about his own health, had consumed me.
(Holmes POV)
the agony I had been in with Watson in such close proximity. My actions were for his sake alone; he meant more to me than Stamford could ever begin to understand! How dare he admonish me for keeping Watson safe?
“Your hands are ice!” I gasped, scowling, but he merely chuckled, looking thoroughly amused. He distracted me by swooping down for another kiss, and as I softened, his freezing hands returned to skim their way into my nightshirt.
Just then, Holmes looked up from his work with the bees and glanced in the direction of the window, waving. I waved back, feeling so much affection for him in his ridiculous bee hat, and smiled.
“He loves me,” I said, brokenly.
But the alternative was far worse. I could not bear for him to see my true motives. He would be repulsed, disgusted, and that beautiful face would look at me with hatred. I could not
"I cannot give particulars, Watson!" he snapped. His voice was cutting, making my already broken nerves disintegrate entirely. "It's just...
Hello all, sorry this update was a little late I've been working on a new story which I hope to share with you when this one has reached its zenith. Enjoy!
“Holmes…” I started, but found I was at a loss for words. He chuckled, taking me by the hand and guiding me to the seat opposite his. “I- I… you… what…”
In the meantime I decided to read in the garden. The sun was warm and the breeze gentle, and grabbing a novel, I lay down in the hammock and began to read. It was not long before I fell asleep.
I would
my mind whispered, echoes from a dream.
“H-Holmes?” I stammered, the tears that threatened upon my waking loomed in the wings once more, but this time they were not tears of grief.
I was still staring at Stamford, aghast. He
“...You really didn’t know.” His eyes became kinder as he looked into my stricken face. “You’re a fool, Holmes.”
Tears sprung to my eyes as I surveyed the scene. Holmes was the smartest man I’d ever known, but in the moments he made itself known, it was his thoughtfulness that took my breath away. Before I could recover, Holmes bustled in carrying a large dish and placed it on the table. As he stepped back, I saw it was the most delicious looking pie, the crust was a perfect golden brown. It smelled heavenly. Gobsmacked, all I could do was turn to him with my mouth hanging open in utter astonishment as out he bustled again, returning with potatoes and vegetables. I was still standing there stock still, staring at him, when he finally took notice and laughed at my expression.
My heart beat a sharp staccato rhythm within my chest as I approached the steps and rapped firmly on the door. The cold was beginning to bite and my breath came out in ghostly clouds, illuminated by the street lamps. There was a shuffle and a murmur on the other side before a wide, red faced woman, in her mid-sixties, opened the door. Deductions flew around my brain like a tornado but I bore them no mind, immediately requesting permission to visit my friend. At the sight of the half-crown in my hand, the landlady forgot all qualms she may previously have had at allowing a strange, dark gentleman to call at such an hour, and bobbed a hurried curtsey before leading the way. The smells that reached my heightened senses were overwhelming.
"Watson..."
“You feared your love,” I said carefully, beginning to understand. “That is why you sent me away…” A darker thought crept into my mind then, “You didn’t… want what you felt to distract you from your work…” I looked down at the bedsheet, suddenly feeling self-conscious, vulnerable. “You said yourself that you abhor the softer emotions-”
I sat perfectly still. My fingers clutched my pipe firmly between trembling fingers, and I stared at Stamford with blank amazement, confusion and horror.
? You know what he thinks of himself, Holmes—the low opinion he bears of his abilities, his scars, his wounds.” He looked away from me then, all his words used up.
look at him. If I looked I knew I would break. I hurtled in, entirely too fast, and cringed as I stumbled over to my desk. I could see Holmes out of the corner of my eye by the window.
“I suppose you’d better…” I said, eyes narrowing. Where had he been this morning? He must have walked into the village for some reason, although I knew not for what. I sat down at the kitchen table, eyes wandering over my husband’s form. Tomorrow it would be an entire year of having him all to myself in this beautiful cottage, and yet it still hadn’t sunk in. This still felt like some ridiculously idyllic dream, some ludicrous fantasy. I half-expected to wake up some mornings and find myself back at Baker Street, Holmes keeping his distance while I watched him in awe and badly disguised desire. Or worse, wake to find him still dead, lost to me amongst the swirling water of the falls.
When Holmes had wiped us both down and came back to the bed, he encircled me in his long, sinewy arms, drawing me close so my head rested against his chest. I sighed, feeling drowsy again and still hovering high from the pleasure we had just indulged in. I held him tightly as we both drifted off to sleep, determined to never let the insufferable man go. I needn’t examine my heart, now, or ever again, for there he was, never, I fear, to be removed.
fault that my mind interpreted his kindness as more, only the crazed imaginings of a depraved lowlife such as I was, am.
I awoke feeling content, not burning as I had been previously, but pleasantly warmed, cosy. Slowly, as consciousness began to creep back, I recalled scraps of a conversation. I recalled dreaming in my fevered state that I saw Holmes here, speaking to me. ‘
“Oh, Holmes…” I said softly, quite overcome, and more than a little taken aback by the amount of pain he had been concealing from me for so long. I passed a hand through his hair again. “I
Hi friends! Sorry this was supposed to be uploaded yesterday but I lost track of the days! Also sorry this one is so short I'll probably upload another this week to make up for it. Happy new year!
that pain.
Now I was alone.
If I had thought his previous expression painful to my heart, his next almost broke it. He had been brave, my Watson, in the face of such cruel words from the one he called friend.
“Not here, Stamford. Come up to my room, I am staying here.” I barely had time to register his look of surprise as I turned around and led him from the room.
(Watson’s POV)
“You first, my darling Holmes… tell me what this intriguing volume is.”
(Holmes’ POV)
It was coming up to a year since Holmes and I had entered retirement. We had come to the mutual decision that our bones were far too weary to keep up with the fast-paced rhythms of London, and we required a gentler lifestyle. I can still remember the flood of warmth I felt when Holmes led me blindfolded to the house he wished us to purchase. It looked like, and has since proven to be, paradise. We had long since known each other intimately, but this was a chance to cherish those moments in solitude, far removed from such precautions as locked doors and hushed voices.
I jerked around on the chair scanning the rest of the room frantically. I leapt up upon seeing the washbasin and poured more water from the jug before bringing the basin to the bedside. I cast about in my coat for a handkerchief and, carefully, I dipped it in the water before wringing it out and placing it upon Watson’s fevered brow. Again he stirred slightly, but did not regain consciousness. There was no fire lit in the hearth, which was probably just as well to reduce Watson’s temperature but the chill of the room seemed to intensify after dipping my handkerchief in the cold water. With one hand on the handkerchief, I let the other take up Watson’s hand again. His fingers were calloused but exquisite. How many times had I longed to feel them in my palms and kiss them? I did so now, brushing my lips across his knuckles and placing tiny kisses upon his palm. He shifted again and made a slight noise that could almost be called a whimper.
stupid."
Just maybe.
"Pack your bag. We leave today," his hand reached to the knob of the door, and a warm hand touched his shoulder. He tensed, but turned. John's hand fell to Sherlock's upper arm.
Comment.
The first touch, just Sherlock's tip rubbing against John's hole, John's breath rushes out of him.
Realization.
John wondered how long Sherlock would go before he tried...
When Sherlock raised his voice, it got deeper. And lord above help him if that didn't get him all hot and bothered. But right now, he was angry at Sherlock. He was
"S. H. E. R." Sherlock shot up out of the bed, a surprised noise coming from behind him.
"I know he will. He's Sherlock bloody Holmes. He always wakes up." John was shaking. He didn't know if it was fear from Sherlock not waking or anger at Mycroft and all those damned doctors.
His space taken up.
They were the only thing the boys - especially Sherlock - knew they couldn't touch. It was one of the only family heirlooms she still owned.
It had taken John
And when the car got stuck in traffic, not even 10 minutes from the flat, Sherlock felt his heart stop.
Comment, vote, tell me what you think.
She smile slightly, "I must have forgotten. I'm sorry," Sherlock looked up at her. Martha was never one to apologize to the two boys, and Sherlock must have realized his mistake.
He always thought.
happen?"
he was so angry.
Sherlock waited a moment before he finally found Mycroft’s eyes - eye contact was something he never did unless he was very serious about something. “Take me out of London,” he stated.
"Maybe that's why you deserve it"
And then he could move. He moved back, pulling John with him. The other man followed, but that didn’t stop a lot of stumbling, seeing as neither wanted to pull away and take any real lead. At least neither did yet.
Sherlock swallowed and took his, slamming the door shut, and turning to the door that would lead inside. He took a slow breath, put on a smile, and walked up, opening the door.
"You need sleep."
But he loved him even more.
"Sherlock?" He heard the voice, but looked to John instead.
What would it be like, to kiss him there? Right below his neck.
It wasn't easy being in love with Sherlock Holmes. It was, in fact, the hardest bloody things John had every had to do in his life. It was the hardest thing he knew. Well....second hardest at the moment. But he wasn't going to do a things about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lips slow.
Words fall from his own.
John snorted, his shoulders shaking with the laugh. "I've never actually believed that. I used to watch them as a kid, just to see if it was true."
Silence.
40 minutes.....
So he stayed, and he didn't sleep, and he made sure John at least got something of sleep. He ignored Greg's protests to stay; he had to.
God, what John would give to touch them, and to press light kisses in between them and to be able to see Sherlock fall apart. And how he would dig his fingers into Sherlock's jutting hip bones, and how he would nip and bite at them, leaving marks there. And how his fingers would curl into Sherlock's hair.
Mrs. Hudson stood after a moment, and busied herself with making two cups of tea. There was one thing she always told the boys, "I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper", but she loved those boys.
He closed his eyes, and images of John flashed unburdened. Maybe tonight, he would sleep.
God, how John hated when he did that. He hated it, with everything, but he loved it just the same.
"I didn't do a thing, Mrs. Hudson," he said, as she began to move to the low table and sit down. She sighed and pushed a cup of tea to him, and he smiled, taking it.
“You’d have to pass me to get theses, Sherlock, and even I know you won’t do that,” the man says and then looks up and Sherlock finds his eyes again. “What about John?” Mycroft asks gently.
His hands pulled the man closer.
Okay, I got some creativity in my bones because of a certain comment - yes,
20 minutes....
After a moment, John let out a small sigh and looked up at Sherlock. His eyes ran blue today and Sherlock had to break eye contact with him after a moment. "I don't understand why you're so upset about it."
John did his best to find Sherlock. He had looked and looked and looked and he had almost broken down by the fifth hour of being back in that stupid house and near that damned well. And now he stood next to a bed in a hospital with Sherlock lying in it and doctors saying he wouldn't wake up. And they were obviously wrong because Sherlock always woke up. And Mycroft was already walking around by now, so Sherlock would wake up soon.
No, Sherlock told himself firmly. Not here. Not in Mycroft’s office would he think of….that. Instead, he rolled his shoulders and opened the door in front of him. And of course Mycroft was exactly where Sherlock expected him to be.
"Fuck," he said aloud. It had only been an hour. How had it only been an hour? It felt like an eternity. Like he'd been in this room forever.
He slowly climbed into his bed and wrapped the covers around him. He was more than tired now, his eyes fluttering closed.
"Because you would've tried to stop me."
And just by sitting there.
Sherlock smiled. "But you wouldn't have it any other way. You love me, and you know it, John. Now get it, would you?" Sherlock noticed the tense of John's shoulders at his words, but he pushed it away. John handed him the laptop, and he pulled his feet up, tucking them underneath himself. He opened his laptop, turning it on and watching the slow movements of the coloured windows.
John shifted under the cover he'd pulled up and around himself and shuddered as he dragged the edge of his cock against the sheets.
Sherlock scoffed. He watched as John poured the water into cups. John took both after he finished and walked to Sherlock, handing him one. "John, get my laptop would you?"
, he argued with himself.
When he heard John bustle in, he quickly stepped away from Mrs. Hudson, who rushed to John. Sherlock scowled and turned to march up the stairs. When he made it up, he slammed the door shut and collapsed on the couch.
Sun hit Sherlock's face, and he brought an arm up, covering his face, blinking some. The foundations of where he was didn't sink in until he pulled his right arm, only to feel a slight weight on it.
"What?" Sherlock didn't like not knowing things.
Silence.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" John's voice pulled Sherlock, and Sherlock looked away. He hadn't even realized he had looked back at John.
Sorry again if this was too short. Comment, leave kudos - I thrive off of them. Tell me what you think, no matter what
The man would not admit it, but he was worried. He was worried for Sherlock, but he was also worried for John. The man barely had any sleep, and so worrying wasn't something he liked to do. But he stayed awake for John. He stayed awake for Sherlock. Because he needed to be.
I am...I tried really hard to make this one good....I love you all...Thank you so much for the comments...tell me what you think...
Silence.
He moved and leaned back down, capturing John’s mouth gently after seeing the other man had started to move self-consciously under Sherlock’s gaze. “Perfect,” he murmured under his breath to John, and Sherlock felt him relax.
be spelling out his name. And yes, Sherlock had gone through everyone it could be. And
A low laugh went through the kitchen, "Are you making breakfast?"
"John?" Sherlock's voice broke through the silence. John hummed his attention, but Sherlock just looked at him.
"No you bloody well can not"
John's voice rose a bit. A grin went across Sherlock's face.
He took a deep breath and then pulled his door open slowly, and slipped out. He walked quickly down the stairs, and he didn’t even bother with his signature coat. He just pulled the door open to be hit with a small breeze of air, and closed the door behind him.
"You should've told me," John whispers.
"About a year," he whispered. Mrs. Hudson smiled and reached over, taking his hand again. "It's nothing to be ashamed of, dear," Mrs. Hudson said. John nodded and felt his eyes water.
Sherlock counted all the words he could think of: Sherbert, Sheriff, Shergottite, Shareefs, Sherpas, Sheroot, Sheriffdom.
Sherlock looked away and to the doorway, going into his mind palace. It would have to take at least 10 minutes.
Sherlock shifted in his seat and looked away.
"I've know since the first 8 seconds I stepped in his house."
"Sherlock would understand. He
Sherlock's heart pounded. He smiled and he took in the feel of John's body pressed flush against his. He had taken in every little scar, every little things John would see as a flaw, and he'd filed it away. he knew he would use it when John was feeling very down on himself. He did that now. He ran his fingers on a small scar on John's outer thigh. it wasn't much, but it was noticeable. Sherlock felt John tense, relax, and then sigh contently.
Comment
"I'm with John right now, Lestrade. I can't," a sigh mirroring Sherlock's issued from the phone.
John. But they'd gone through it together. And now Sherlock was back to hiding things from John.
"I don't really need it in my line of work," Sherlock had leaned down a bit, and a shiver went through John.
She carefully maneuvered her way up the stairs, and pushed the door open that led into the main room of the flat.
Sherlock starts going faster, harder, slamming into John in a pace that has him gasping for breath and scrambling for purchase, fingers digging into Sherlock's shoulders much too hard.
Angry and hurt roared around the room.
He would blame it on the sleep later. But right now, he didn't care. Sherlock was close, and the pressure was relaxing.
The moment he saw 221B, he sped up. He threw the door open, ignoring the slight scream from where Mrs. Hudson would be cleaning the floor because of the time and the date.
He half thought about being quieter next time before sleep over took him and he curled himself into his pillow, thinking of Sherlock as he fell asleep.
But he wasn't going to sleep, not now. Not with John right there. He wasn't going to sleep.
So he just rutted faster until his breath was coming in fast pants because the friction on his cock.
Sherlock strode over, and took the cup, lifting it, and smelling it. "Can't you do anything right? John hates sugar in his drinks," Sherlock bit out.
He counted each beat, and it sounded like music to John's ears. He was in love. Indefinitely. With Sherlock Holmes. But never mind that, because the beats had slowed to a rhythm. And the rhythm was lulling. Like a lullaby.
"A watched pot never boils," Sherlock voiced.
But John couldn't stop his thoughts. He had closed his eyes a while ago, but he was unable to fall asleep. Aside from Sherlock, the chair was hard as hell, and so was the wall. He doubted he was going to get much sleep at all.
This wasn't as long as I hoped it would be. It took me two days to write,and it's *still* not very long. I'm sorry guys....
John nodded and reached for his own - which were some dark colour, like a navy blue mixed with some kind of lighter one - and he started on them.
worth it?" his voice is rising even more, and he can feel the tension roll off of John in waves.
The room was empty except a single chair pushed up against one of the damp walls - where Mycroft had put it when he’d first waken. He knew the walls her damp, not only because he’d touched them lightly, but because the colour of it was different from regular cement. Yes, he knew it was cement.
John looked around and ticked off people as he went.
John let out long sigh, and Sherlock watched as his face relaxed again, moving back to Sherlock's neck.
It all slows.
Down the heated neck....away from the curls
Sherlock scoffed, "You're John Watson, don't you
Pressed against his thigh.
John made an annoyed sound. "Could you not get it yourself for once? I always do it."
He moved back to the sofa, lying down, letting the warmth of the room take him over.
Sherlock blinked. He could smell himself on John.
"Sherlock?" Sherlock tensed. He had been about to button his trouser. He'd forgotten about John, for a moment. Sherlock turned, and immediately averted his eyes.
He can feel John break before he hears it, "I'm the one being to into my own head, Sherlock? You're the one who being so stupid and idiotic you can't see the shit we all for you! You can't see the things I hold back every day for you!"
John tugged at his hair and Sherlock moved faster then, his hand - as well as John’s, since they had to move around each other - pulled at the others clothes. He stopped after a moment, and he almost sighed when he realized he’d have to pull away.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I can't deal with having nightmares. Not right now," John said, his voice breaking at the end. Mrs. Hudson didn't say anything, just waited for him to finish.
Maybe, if Sherlock was lucky, he would dream of John.
Sherlock half smiled to himself and moved so John was pulled flush against him. "Of course it isn't a one time thing," he answered.
She squeezed his hand lightly, and nodded. He let out a sigh, and hopped up, rushing out of the room.
What in the hell did Sherlock do this time?
John sighed and then leaned forward and touched Sherlock's inner arm - since he usually touched Sherlock's wrist and Sherlock's wrist was in a bandage at the moment.
And then Sherlock's tongue shoots out and swipes over John's entrance, and John's hips jump up even as his hands spasm and bury in the bed sheets beneath him. Sherlock's tongue is hot on Johns hole, and John lets out a whining beg, and Sherlock’s stomach twists hot when he hears the sound.
John's chest constricted. He couldn't loose Sherlock again. Not after....the fall. It had taken two years...two years of drinking and hurting himself and talking to someone who wasn't even there...
Sherlock’s heart sped up, thumping in his chest, and he pulled his off, tossing them aside taking in where they landed - by the door - and he looked down at John. His breath left him again and he had trouble pulling in a breath.
It was something he started in the war and never stopped.
And if he said anything, he didn’t even know it. He watched John’s tongue nervously come out, wetting his lips, and Sherlock’s mind stopped - and that was saying something.
"Why would you love me?"
"I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper."
the violin started.
And he really wanted to know why because Sherlock very much wanted to hear profanities fall from John’s mouth, and fuck if he didn’t want to see John wearing his unif-
It was on the way he smelled: like honey - mostly because of all the tea he made for Sherlock, and the smell just stayed with him - a bit of wood. The wood was different today than it was before. Today he smelled more of amber - rich and warm, vaguely honey like….ah, that’s where the honey was from, not the tea. And he smelled of citrus, which Sherlock supposed was lasted over from whenever John had taken a shower, he always zoned out when John took one. He smelled a bit of lavender, which was from Sherlock’s last experiment that John had gotten to close to.
After he cleaned, Sherlock climbed into the bed, and pulled John against him, and he sighed when the latter put his face into Sherlock's neck, inhaling. He ran a hand down John's side and let his eyes flutter shut.
58 minutes, 23 seconds, and 1.5 milliseconds....
Lips crashed back against his.
He did that now, studying John. He kept creasing his brow, his nose crinkling slightly. His hand was clenching and unclenching on his thigh. Sherlock doubted John even knew. He did it when he was thinking of things that hurt to think about.
And most importantly
"What do you mean?" John a sound, and Sherlock turned his head. "What do I mean? What was the
"Obviously," Sherlock deadpanned. John gave him a funny face, and Sherlock turned away.
"I don't need anything." a pause. "I need him to wake up."
He didn't even think. He just simply threw the door open - not even shutting it behind him - and he began to run. He couldn't even count the number of people he ran into. He no doubt looked like a mess, his hair astray and his shirt rucked from where he ran into people.
John huffed out a breath, "This could be
And then it was how John’s back would arch off of the bed, or how his body would shudder and he’d lose his breath and then he’d scream. Because Sherlock knew, whether he wanted to or not, that John had been holding back.
God damn his feeling. God damn him wanted human contact. That's not what he was like. That was not Sherlock Holmes. He hadn't even realized John had gone until he heard the bedroom door shut. He knew what he was gonna do.
He groaned and whimpered - not even fully into the pillow and he was vaguely aware that his noises were echoing around his room. His hips almost fully stopped as the warmth in his stomach tightened to a wire and then broke, and he came. Rutting against his bed. Into his boxers. Half naked. Thinking of Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Understanding shot through Sherlock. He gripped the fabric of John's jeans. He could hear John's trembling breath, feel the muscles in his leg tense. Sherlock was squatting in front of him, his face inches away. "John." He uttered the name, shaking his head, but John seemed to suddenly focus, pushing himself from the chair, stumbling across the carpet. Sherlock stood, the room tipping a bit in his vision of worry. "John, where are you going?"
Feverish.
An hour.....
with you, you
"And?" he asks after a moment.
The older brother got up, straightened his shirt vest and his tie and then walked forward until he was in front of his desk and he leaned back against it. He tilted his head a bit as if trying to read or see through Sherlock. After a moment of this he gently sighed - again, with the gently? - and he fixed a piercing gaze on Sherlock. “Are you in love with John Watson?”
"That sounds like him," Mrs. Hudson said, and pushed his cup back toward him. "A storm hit last night, though." John put in.
Tensed.
I'll try to come up with a final ending soon, I promise.
"He has a case." John nodded.
Sherlock had made the song when he first realized his feeling for John. It was surprising, really. Sherlock wasn't one to feel things, especially love. Mycroft had always told him love was a weakness. He supposed Mycroft was right, but that didn't stop him.
"I can do them if I want"
John shook his head, moving his attention back to the now boiling water. "The water's boiled. Probably 'cause I didn't watch it," John said.
In this moment, he can allow himself to be.
Mycroft glances at them. John can feel a smile tug on his lips. “It’s tradition now, yeah?” He grins. “In case you’re going to be fainting all over the place again.”
It’s harder for Mycroft to lean down and take her grubby hand, so John does. “It’s fine, the benefit of being short, yeah?” John smiles.
Sherlock argues, “I do have an appreciation for colour work.” His shirt is pulled out of his trousers because it was irritating his tattoo, and his bare toes twitch on the hotel room carpet while he speaks.
. Mycroft has never understood the thought behind saying that. There is no need for the universe to constantly be in balance. There is hurt and suffering all around, it is the human condition. It is what people do to themselves, and to one another. To be alive is to hurt unbearably.
He’s just kidding himself. Why is he even here, if he’s not going to fuck Sherlock? To check up on him?
Sherlock twitches awake and blinks at him owlishly.
The smell is all around them. John’s come. Sex. Sherlock feels shaky, now. He glances at John. Moving away will be difficult since John is blocking the way. Sherlock really wants to wipe his hand on something, but there’s nothing close by except his own trousers, and that would ruin them. If they aren’t already, he doesn’t know whether any of it got on the sofa or his clothes.
“Well, I’ve been busy!”
“I want a traditional Gypsy head on my lower back.”
, every breath out is
The next moment, he is leaning over the sofa again, and the teacher stands behind him and breaches him. Then the teacher holds still while he, too, is being prepared to be fucked. Sherlock glances back at the Starbucks employee boyfriend, and then at John, who watches them with a mix of interest and wariness.
Sherlock is alone when Mycroft comes by to pick Violet up. It often is a very short visit, some conversation about how she is doing, nothing more, but today Sherlock looks drawn. He is sitting in John’s armchair, his knees tucked under his chin. Violet is on her playmat on the floor, working on how to hold her head up, at which she succeeds at times, and then fails with a cry.
Presented in the same manner.
“I’m working with ‘Bridge,” Raz announces.
And then Mycroft gets back into the car, takes his phone, sees the three missed calls in the time he was gone, and gets to work. Somewhere between the flurry of the diplomatic nightmare as well as the general threat level, everyone is deeply on edge. There are American fighter planes ready to bomb the facility.
Sherlock blinks.
Sherlock is only too happy to do it.
His tattoo appears onto the screen. It’s all right, John thinks. Although maybe he overdid it on the shading in the cheekbones. He’s never been a black and grey artist. He can’t get it anywhere near as subtle as Molly’s shading tends to be, or as precise as Sherlock’s.
It takes some getting used to, being back out there. Meeting women, chatting with them. It’s been years.
John’s mouth pulls. He breathes out and grimaces. “You cock.”
“If you would agree to that, you will need to make an appointment.” Mycroft feels a faint flutter of discomfort. “Also, and I will let you research the particulars, but be aware that there is a certain limitation on when you are allowed to engage in intercourse or masturbate beforehand.”
“What?”
“And lastly, John and Sherlock.” Mike leads the judges towards their DNA strand.
John takes the stairs first. Mycroft comes up behind him, and John can feel how uneasy he is.
There is a rule. “John can’t be with anyone else.”
John makes them all sing ‘Happy Birthday’ as Mrs. Hudson brings up the cake with a single candle. Lestrade films it on his phone.
As soon as the image of
It is.
Sherlock is aware what John meant by raising the suggestion. But there might not be more than tonight. If they want to be certain of ever doing this at all, it needs to be now. Sherlock thumbs open his phone and selects a familiar number.
Mycroft seems uneasy with having Sherlock that close. He moves on to his back and tries to manoeuvre to find a good way to lie down and keep the monitor in place. Sherlock shifts in response, and lies near the edge of the bed in an attempt not to touch him.
Sherlock isn’t certain whether John is speaking to him or to Mary. John turns towards the bedroom without saying anything more, and the loss is as poignant as losing anything ever has been. Sherlock follows him, even if only not to lose the trace of warmth that still lingers between them.
It is magnificent to be allowed to observe this closely. Sherlock’s fingers find the scarred, raised flesh of John’s gunshot wound and trace it. He feels fascinated by it - feeling it, and by John, doing this for him. Showing him parts of himself that he holds tightly reigned in whenever possible.
The conversation had gone on without him, but John directs it to the bloke who asked in the first place. “Irene Adler. She’s gay.”
Mike turns towards the crew gathered by the revolving door. “Sorry, I really can’t...”
He installs his tattooing bench and unpacks all of his equipment, and then, for the final touch, takes a step ladder out onto the street. John balances on it and uses a stencil to spray paint the logo he designed himself on a sign above the window.
Mycroft looks at him, and considers that there is one more thing he can say. He takes a breath, and says, the words rather unfamiliar on his lips, “Thank you.”
“I won’t. Just Mycroft, we agreed on that. I’ll stick to it.” John knows it’s a bit weird saying that, but he means it. He’s not going to get into that mess again. And he’s done with making Sherlock look that sad, too. That wounded.
But Mycroft has a very difficult time putting it out of his mind.
He doesn’t move a muscle.
It takes a moment, where John is still. And then he takes the vial, and pulls the morphine into a syringe. “Ten mg?”
Sherlock falls down onto the bed. “He’ll say yes.”
John takes a bite from his toast, a bit awkward as one arm is holding William who’s on that post-bottle edge of drowsily conking out.
John goes ‘to dinner’ with that women again two days later.
However, Raz won the Gypsy head elimination challenge, and he can choose their teams. Sherlock fully expects to be paired with someone who he will despise.
Not far enough.
He sprays the hot and swollen skin down, then wipes the sheen of ink and blood off, and gives the client a chance to have a look at it in the mirror. John stretches, and then carefully stands so his leg can take his weight gradually. The production people come by to take pictures of his work for judging, and then John rubs the tattoo in with Vaseline and wraps it with cling film.
“Is this you telling me you’d cut my cock off and stuff it in my arse if I asked you to? Because for the record, I’m not sure I’d be into that - even if I’m dead.”
They buy Violet an ice cream. Sherlock has a serious conversation with her about accidentally hurting people and saying sorry, and ten minutes later, all of it is forgotten.
Mycroft had been considering offering legal parental rights to Sherlock and John for some time now.
He’ll take them all if he has to, but he’s doing this.
That is why he allows Sherlock to take her so often. Oh, Sherlock does not realise it himself, but it is entirely captivating to watch how he interacts with Violet. He talks to her and holds her close in a way that is quite obviously so because he cannot think of anything else he would rather do.
Mycroft frowns, then says, “John, there is no need to compromise your career for the baby, we can get assistance…”
Father’s face falls. “A child? Mykie?” He smiles. “No… That’s not true, is it? Are you joking?”
In the end, it doesn’t have much of a solution, except that they do find who stole it and why, and the countess gets to meet her distant relatives, yes, great and all that.
Sherlock sulks at that, because it’s true, but it’s all because of some biological reaction. It’s not like it’s real. So the next time he plays his violin, sharp and loud, and John walks Mycroft out.
But Sherlock glances back. He doesn’t reply.
“Sex.” Sherlock has no problem with saying that, apparently. He frowns. “Be careful.”
John laughs. “Thought of that, actually.” Trust Sherlock to point that one out.
Sherlock stares at him again as if he can see every minute detail of John’s mind. John thought that he’d gotten used to it, but it’s still an intense experience. Sherlock really
It’s a strange sensation. Sherlock has always, always endured the terror of his heats alone. With drugs, when he could find them. He has never had it end like this. “Yes.”
like a mantra, until he can take it for one more moment, one more. Sherlock looks at the clock, and doesn’t comprehend what it’s saying for a long moment. It’s night, now.
John frowns. “You’re going back in the morning then?”
John and Sherlock see something of his foul mood - Mycroft has been managing to keep himself occupied with work enough, but he is not used to fully hiding his thoughts around them anymore and, unavoidably, some of it surfaces.
Mycroft has felt John’s mouth on him several times by now, as John has his. They have tumbled into bed together, used their hands and mouths on each other to great effect. Mycroft has been waiting for John to ask for more, but other than carefully trailing his fingers
The doctor smears the cold substance on his stomach and touches the probe to his skin.
“Guess we solved that one.” John smiles for a moment, but the edges seem brittle. Does he want to do this?
John gets up, too. He brushes his teeth, pees, then goes to Sherlock’s room, and hesitates in the doorway. “You, um, you want me to sleep here?”
Mycroft takes a breath, then says, “I was thinking of naming him ‘William.’”
John’s stopped looking at her and thinking about what it would have been if she was his. If Mary... all of it. Violet’s not.
Mycroft smiles briefly at his expression, before he pulls a desk chair around and sits down. They’ve had to get creative now Mycroft’s getting bigger, but John doesn’t mind. It’s glorious to sit here and to have him between his legs.
It comes out before Sherlock has really thought it through, but John seems to find it profound for some reason, because his eyes go all soft. “Me, too.” He coughs. “Yeah, anyway, going!”
Sherlock groans by his ear, and Mycroft feels his knees tremble. His whole self agrees that yes,
Sherlock throws him a slowly growing smile. “John, I…
“With your permission, of course.”
“I spent a night in jail. In the meantime, Sherlock got who really did it.” Mike sounds almost fond of the memory. He shakes his head. “Terrifying, but he told me he would.”
John tries the door.
John is already using the lubricant and coating the dildo with it. At the first touch of the dildo, Mycroft shudders. It is colder than John’s erection. But as John pushes it inside of him, the feeling transforms into that of a deep stretch. John moves up the bed, and then his lips touch Mycroft’s neck. Mycroft cannot help it, he moans into the pillow. “Nh!”
They watch some TV - something about procuring evidence in the fifties that Sherlock’s fascinated by - and lie in bed later, still listening to the occasional rumble of thunder. John’s always liked summer storms.
She raises an eyebrow. “You have? That’s-”
John’s not sure if this is one of those times where he would be better off not looking at Mycroft, or whether they should talk about it. He’s had enough awkward moments with Sherlock that he doesn’t want to go there at all. But this is something altogether different. The difference between having sex with Sherlock and this is immense. Mycroft
Mycroft feels mostly well.
John seems calmer about it. Much the same, in fact.
He already rigged the front door downstairs so they can come up. Sherlock eyes the door. Come
He needs until the very last seconds to put in the level of detail he requires. He is still tattooing when the count-down begins.
Sherlock can’t think in words for a moment, but when what John said falls into meaning, he feels a flash of pride.
No reply, but Mycroft did not expect one. He lets himself in. Sherlock is lying back on his bed, looking every bit the sullen teenager Mycroft remembers so well. John is still in the living room, but he is close enough to overhear them talk like this.
“My upper arm.”
“At our wedding? Hell yeah.” John smiles at him. “Need to take my brand new husband for a twirl, don’t I?”
- takes his hand. “You didn’t do anything wrong.” John sounds calm. “All right? You’re fine, you did well.”
“Yeah, yeah, that works. Awesome.”
Those eyes.
Sherlock tilts his chin up. “We are in an alliance.”
Violet splashes and moves her legs in the water. And when they make a game out of passing her between them, she giggles loudly, and screeches at the moment where they nearly let her go.
John takes his hand and leads Sherlock to the dance floor. They fit together instantly. Sherlock puts a hand on John’s shoulder, one to his back, and it feels right. John leads comfortably, and they turn and sway.
John sighs. Sweat prickles on the back of his neck, and John wants to pull Sherlock’s head close, and just thrust,
Mycroft can feel some of his doubts fall away when John grins at him. John seems genuinely pleased to have been asked, at least. They dance, and for all of John’s claims that he is a bad dancer, he is not truly. He has a decent feel for the rhythm, and they make it work well enough.
She was already dozing in the cab home, so John carries her up the stairs and puts her on the sofa.
Mycroft doesn’t relax so much as just nod in acknowledgement.
. And John hates himself for thinking like that, but it’s not like he was proposing to
“Yeah?” John’s eyes linger.
The judges appear onto the stage, Jim first among them, rocking his weight back and forth from the tips of his toes to his heels. Jim always was electric in his movements. Fast, vividly intelligent. Brutal, as well. But he has been dialling it down this entire competition. The man Sherlock sees before him right now, smiling into the camera, is not Jim Moriarty at all. He is playing a part, just as they all are.
He has never felt so fucking dirty.
John grabs his balls and pulls them. Then trails a finger down to his arse and holds it there. It’s a comfortable ache when he presses it in. Just one, John doesn’t take more, but he’s always thought that he would if Sherlock would need that. Mycroft’s cock would be smaller, if he wants to push him down on the bed and have a go at him, John would let him try it.
In his adult years, Mycroft has always tried to ignore the occasion as much as possible. It is hard not to notice the garish Christmas lights, London always appears to want to decorate its obvious appeal away and to turn into something that is photographed by the masses. But Mycroft prefers to pay no heed to it.
John seems regretful to have to stand as well.
John likes it just fine when it’s playing pool and laughing at jokes. He loves the military camaraderie, he
Either it agrees, or he is too tired to notice, because he does fall asleep very soon after.
Mycroft agrees as he carries her downstairs. “Yes, there is a baby in my belly.” He thinks about it, then says, “Your brother, in fact.” There is no reason not to tell Violet, although Mycroft doubts that she is old enough to understand the concept.
Sherlock makes a small, breathy sound around the slick head of his cock and John groans in response, yes, that,
Mycroft had suspected it from the surveillance, but he is glad to hear it confirmed. Mycroft wants to tell Sherlock to keep John close now, that surely it has been enough, that he can see how much Sherlock suffers. But he does not.
“Well Janine, I think you definitely hit this one out of the park. The colour play - the brightness of the colours and the juxtapositions of the cool to the warm tones - one of the nicest tattoos I’ve seen you do,” Mike says.
Sherlock looks away first.
Sherlock lets himself fall down on the sofa as soon as Mycroft clears the door. He holds his hands over his face. Annoying, so tedious, it’s always the same when it comes to Mycroft. It’s better to focus on that than on the warmth still spreading through his body from bonding, some sure sense of ownership. Or the confusing whirl of John nearby.
Mycroft can feel this changing him. It is not simply his body that underscores it - the constant weight of his stomach, the aches and pains of pregnancy, the sense of being helpless against this tide, unable to control the rate at which his whole self is taken over by the creation of his child. No, even more so, his entire self is taken over by John.
Mycroft laughs. “I would say so, yes.”
John moves back and breathes, looks down at a whole lot of naked Sherlock, and it’s amazing. John wants to tell him something like
John still can’t entirely believe that he really did it. He’ll half-forget that it even happened, and then suddenly it’ll slam back into him that yes, he really did go down on one knee and
It is almost boring how common-place such a thing is.
So John runs back upstairs, changes quickly, and they’re off.
Sherlock stands. “It was an honour to work with you.” He leans in and places a small kiss onto Molly’s cheek. “Molly Hooper.”
them. “The baby is your child, John. Not mine.”
Then they get up.
And then there was a faint cry.
“All right?” John eyes him.
Sherlock, with something tense in his chest, repeats Mycroft’s words. “
John’s eyes trail over his body. Sherlock can feel them even without looking. Especially on his penis, when it swings free.
.” He sounds close.
“Considering we were asked to gather in the studio, I would assume today’s flash challenge to be drawing or tattooing inspired,” Sherlock replies while they slide onto the chairs.
, that’s all he can think. No fucking way. John says, “No, Hamish is my dad’s... His dad’s, too. I don’t want my kid…”
“Hold her head higher.”
John loved it. Just making out for these last couple of weeks has felt like a drawn-out burn and John has enjoyed every second of it. To see Mycroft’s eyes slowly heat up, to break that iron will bit by bit. The first little twitch of Mycroft’s hips, the smallest sigh, the quick brush against his crotch, the tremble of his hand. His
Mycroft makes no move to go back. John glances at him. He can’t tell whether Mycroft’s upset, or just weathering the time until they can go.
John can feel a pull to go after him, but what can he say? Mycroft is Sherlock’s brother, and John’s always known that he could never, ever go there.
But with every movement of hers, he is sharply aware that he already has put his own wishes, his own desire for a child, ahead of protecting Sherlock. And it feels like failure.
Sherlock unzips his trousers and steps out of them. “We’re spending the night apart before the wedding.” Sherlock collects his new trousers, and then glances at Mycroft. “Let him stay with you then, too.”
Finally, John goes down to Mrs. Hudson’s, tells her, “I’m going to look for him, if he comes home let me know,” and heads out.
Mycroft briefly thinks that he should have called ahead with the request not to discuss anything private about his medical file. But she seems to understand this as she skips the talk about how he feels, and leads them to the paper-covered bench. “Let’s have a look at how the little one is doing today, shall we?”
Raz joins as well. He has a special hummus wrap – John heard him ask for it. “Damn ‘Bridge, that’s posh!”
John feels for him. Irene’s right about the skin, John learned to do it like that as well, but Raz never asked to do this, did he? Molly looks a bit guilty too, for assigning it to him.
Dimmock comes by to collect him. They all agree on giving the statements tomorrow, see them off, and then Sherlock and John walk back, taking the same shortcut through the gardens.
Sherlock looks at the baby and ties every minute detail into his mind. Already, he looks somehow different. He has the faintest trace of small downy hairs all over him. His eyes blink open. “Good morning.”
, too.
There’s something nice about seeing him in his natural habitat. In Baker Street, Mycroft always seems slightly uneasy, he always moves as if he knows that he does not belong there. But here, he leans back in his chair with the ease of habit. John thinks he was right to come here instead of talking to him somewhere else.
is how to come out and play the game.” Jim winks.
John’s eye lingers on “55/6 Montague Street. Come around. Anyone. One condition: don’t speak. S.H.” And then he looks on and scrolls past the sea of “Young twink seeks Daddy,” and “45yr old needs cock.”
Sherlock rolls close to him and tucks his chin into the hollow of John’s shoulder. “Hm.”
John, still in last night’s hastily worn clothes, takes Violet upstairs. Together they sit in the living room. After a few minutes of Violet playing on the floor, she crawls into his lap. Violet’s curls brush against his nose. She smells like baby shampoo and something sugary. Violet tilts her head back and looks at him, then bursts into a wide smile.
“It was fine, yeah.” John says it with his habitual calm, even though his clenched jaw signals some tension.
Violet sleeps for an hour or two, on and off, and then suddenly cries again. Sherlock didn’t do a thing, she just woke up. And now she’s wailing in his arms.
“And your own.”
John looks him over and grins. “Well… who could resist?”
That is, until he gets a text with an address he does not recognise. “Come and pick her up here? SH”
One of the distant relatives cuts in, “Such a loss…” and Sherlock turns away. He pretends to study the art on the side of the church doors. The inscription is wrong, no way that is a cutting from the eighteen hundreds, this church wasn’t even built yet then.
. Sherlock has legal parenting rights and he is officially as much of a parent now as Mycroft or John are.
And yes, by the time that he’s upstairs, Mycroft is standing in his bedroom doorway. He’s in his pyjamas, a dressing gown tied over them, and he is holding Violet. She’s wrapped in a blanket, so Sherlock can hear her more than see her, but she is very much awake. Her cries are piercing.
Sherlock thinks of the mess in the house. Of Mycroft’s expression when leaving for work. Of holding Violet throughout the night. It still doesn’t feel like it was enough.
Mycroft had thought that Sherlock might still change his mind. That he would declare it too difficult, too uncomfortable, or that he would simply say no out of spite. Or, alternatively, that a day would come where Sherlock was on a case and it was simply not possible. Mycroft would not have blamed him.
Mycroft could deny it if he wanted to. But then he suspects that Anthea has known the truth for a very long time already, so he calmly replies, “Thank you.”
Instead his eye is drawn to John’s forearms. John has rolled up his sleeves slightly, and the tattoo work past his wrists is showing when he gestures. Sherlock’s gaze lingers on the small slivers of skin. He wishes to see the rest of him. Every tattoo of John’s.
John grins. “Thank you.”
Mycroft never needs to ask twice. The whole room slowly falls quiet.
Jim takes over to say, “It concerns her speciality: realism, proportion, and...” He waggles his eyebrows. “...beautiful women.”
Sherlock can feel some nervousness in his throat. He brushes his nose against John’s cheek, and John turns his face a little. He smells good. Warm, comfortable. Sherlock can almost taste the rumble of John’s voice as he laughs, a low, breathless sound.
Or something like it, anyway.
John splashes on, his torch lighting the walls in uneven flashes.
Mycroft looks at it, and then agrees. “Just a small one, thank you.”
“I have executed an extensive chest piece over scarring less than two years ago.” Sherlock collects his portfolio and hands it to her opened at the right page.
ready.
“...Not sure it’s particularly Buddhist, actually.” Janine eyes the monk.
It makes him feel worse about it, suddenly. What if he really can’t come? What if it’s medically relevant? John pretends to read his book for the next five minutes, occasionally turning a page without seeing what’s even there. He actually debates going to his room and trying again, but it’s going to look awfully suspicious now, so he sticks it out, breathes out slowly, and forces himself to get it under control.
She looks at his stomach and offers, “A summer wedding might be prudent?”
with great finesse,” Irene picks in. “And your
He will speak to John.
He can see Mycroft’s stomach behind the table, actually. There’s a small Holmes in there.
“Sure, yeah.” John pulls back the covers, and Sherlock lays her between them, coat and all.
He only realises the cashier has orgasmed when John’s hand falls away.
, to keep him.”
Sherlock prepares a stencil for the main outline. He can improvise the rest while he works.
Sherlock can feel that thought as a constant thrumming in the back of his mind. John
John throws him a quick wink - ah, that is why he said it - “You deleted it, didn’t you?”
Mycroft feels relieved. “I am glad he is doing well. MH” He does not allow himself to send more, or suggest anything to John, but it feels clearer, now.
Now, the screen shows a faint white shape: his uterus, his ovaries.
thinks they could have been.
John looks at it and laboriously types out a reply. “I did. You were busy.”
But that would be useless now.
Mycroft’s focused other things right now. John does get that. But when he was at Mycroft’s house, which is a place he’s come to love in the last few months, John could feel a bit of a spark there. Mycroft was joking, and there was some sense of friendship, so John had tried to kiss him.
“Oh!” The woman smiles. “When is the baby due?”
Sherlock eyes him.
John laughs. He lowers his head, and grins briefly as he walks on, his silhouette outlined against the walls.
, and says, “I’ll take his temperature again, all right?”
Sherlock grins at him proudly.
John showers, has breakfast, and puts a plate with a slice of buttered toast and a mug of tea next to Sherlock, who’s doing some in-depth thing with his laptop and doesn’t even look up.
A nurse commented on it, and said, “It’ll pass once you feel more secure again.” But Mycroft is rather certain that it will not. That he will continue to think of his body as something fallible until the very moment that his child is in his arms, alive and healthy.
