Sherlock’s hand flies to the man’s face and cracks against his jaw with splintering force. His head falls to the side, blood spattering on the deck and staining Sherlock’s shirt. Moriarty’s arms fall limply to the floor and, for a moment, he is completely still. Then his legs begin to move slowly from side to side as he fights to stay conscious.
Glancing at the wall clock and furrowing his brow, Sherlock considers who the hell would come to his door at this hour. Greg? Another bang on the door and he sits up. It can’t be about Molly. He spoke with her just that evening. He had sneaked out of the stadium around 8:30 and gone straight to Ford. Well, almost. There was a stop for her favorite ice cream on the way. They had talked and joked as they ate the contraband treat.
“You’re sure there’s no one here? You haven’t seen anyone?”
It is cold, a shock to his system and a single, quick shudder vibrates through his body. The weights around his waist and ankles drag him down immediately. He looks up to watch the water’s surface and its light pull away fast. He desperately wants to struggle and thrash his body in an effort to escape, panic clawing at his mind, but he does not. He resists the urge because it will only waste his energy and what little air he has in his lungs. Instead, he moves his hands as steadily as he did on The Crown. The ropes are looser, but not enough to pull a hand through. It will be harder to slip free now that they are wet. It will take more time to work the ropes enough for that, too much time and John is very concerned about sinking to a depth he cannot swim back from before his lungs give out. Even once his hands are free, there are ropes and weights to consider. As if that wasn’t enough, a sudden spasm of pain shoots down his side from the gunshot wound and it is all he can do not to gasp. John clenches his lips, rolling them in on one another to form a seal and looking back to the rapidly vanishing surface again. He doesn’t have a chance.
“I want to stay, John,” Sherlock snaps in an angry and too loud voice. He glances toward the room’s other two occupants and they avert their eyes when he catches them staring. Sherlock shifts his body to look at John and effectively turns his back on them. When he faces him, John appears very unamused to say the least.
And there you have it, the end of Part 2!
There are many more questions, my friends, but I have to stop somewhere. Feel free to submit your own questions and we'll chat. Haha. I feel like that character from SNL with the thick New York accent. Cawfee Tawk! Yes, that's what her show was called! And she loves Barbara Streisand. Anyway, I feel like "I'll give you a tawpic: Sherlawk and Jawn are clearly in love, so why don't they say it awlready? Tawlk amongst yourselves." Hahahaha.
John nearly face palmed. So much for not slamming all of his cards down on the table without even bluffing. Fortunately, Sherlock was not bothered by his enthusiasm in the slightest. He flashed a brilliant smile and gestured ahead. The two men began walking and talking, occasionally brushing hands as they went. By the time Sherlock opened the door to 221B on Baker Street, John knew this would be the relationship to end them all and he would forever be at the side of Sherlock Holmes.
“No, I don’t think so,” John chuckles. “A couple of butterfly strips will do it. D’you have any in that first-aid kit of yours?”
Sherlock gets a call for help.
Who would kill Harry and why? Ditto for Standish and what does it have to do with John?
Thanks for all the love and support. I truly will never get tired of saying that. You all are The Best.
“I did, yes,” he straightens to his full height, which with the skates is impressive, “until you hired someone to replace him on a whim.”
Sherlock pushes himself up to look down at John. Sherlock’s eyes are full of both concern and anger. John shakes his head and looks away for a split second, ready to continue, but his flatmate interrupts him.
(See the end of the chapter for
There is a moment of silence while the two men gaze at one another. Searching and learning, drawing on one another’s strength.
They continue to stare at one another, neither moving an inch. Sherlock finally rolls his eyes and huffs, shifting his feet impatiently.
Now then, a couple shockers in this one, yeah? A secret marriage AND a secret couple?? My, oh my.
“Goodnight, John.” The detective stalks into his bedroom and locks the door. John’s shoulders sag in defeat. He takes two steps back and leans on the wall, staring at the closed door. He bites his lip and then blows out a long, frustrated sigh.
“He was in your apartment?”
“Goodness, boys, settle down, settle down,” she clucks. “I could hear you all the way down the hall.”
*No need. She just turned up. Only you now.*
(Hmm. I'll be honest, that terrifies me. I've written nasty Moriartys before, but this one is so calm and subtle. He has such potential for evil and is so quiet about it. He threatens with looks and with his eyes and with smiles. He told John what he wants and he might lose his temper if John defies him, or worse.)
Sherlock knows he is on a boat on Lake Erie, but can he find John in time?
“With me on the floor, no less,” Greg remarked looking out over the dance floor. “I forgot how hot it gets in here. Usual?”
Hmm. I feel like I should ask some DP questions, but I've said enough already. I'll leave those questions to all of you. Go ahead. Ask me anything. Maybe I'll give it a sassy DP answer. LOL.
“Look, how else do you explain the poison?” John presses in next to Sherlock, nudging him out of Greg’s face. The GM is certain it was not done to make him more comfortable, but is glad for the distance nonetheless.
“We were kids,” Sherlock shrugs again. “We were invincible.”
So, John gave up dating. Sherlock did sit up and take notice of that, certainly, but never pointedly asked John why he had done it. Instead, he made more benign remarks and inquiries into John’s love life. “...that is, if you do not already have a date for tonight…” “...you haven’t brought any of your insipid women to the flat in weeks…” and the like. John mostly ignored these comments and went about his business.
* First Mary and now Janine? Is John too trusting?? (But isn't that what makes him sweet and adorable John Watson?)
“Oh, of course, I’d forgotten that Moriarty is some kind of criminal genius. Come on, Sherlock.”
“Oh, Doctor,” a smile spreads slowly across Sherlock’s lips, “you not only see, you observe.”
AAAARRRRRRHHHGGGGGGUUMMMM! Jane. Jane!!!!! WHY? Two cliffhangers in a row??? What happened to our fairly safe and highly amusing Johnlock meets roller derby? Well, the trust is I just can’t help myself. I am the Empress of Evil, the Harbinger of Doom. Oo, I should’ve put that on the back of my t-shirt. Haha.
"What?"
“Thank you, Greg,” she smiles, taking a seat. Greg follows suit. “We met on the morning of the second day. Charles Griffin and I got to breakfast late and he was sitting at a table on his own.”
Sherlock gives him a pointed look, but one that cannot hide the hurt in his eyes.
Thanks for joining me with this exciting and amazingly free of curses school lesson. Join me again next time for another great lesson. We'll be talking about nouns and verbs. Oh, sweet baby jesus, it'll be great.
“Thanks,” John says, his thumb lightly feathering up and down over Sherlock’s thumb to the back of his hand. “I know that wasn’t easy to say. Certainly not what I thought we’d be talking about when I walked here.”
A moment later, John is sitting next to Sherlock on the sofa watching singing trolls and John smiles in spite of himself. He can’t believe he’s watching this. He can’t believe Sherlock, of all people, is watching this. The story begins to make more sense as the film continues and John’s grins keep getting wider and wider whenever he spares a glance at Sherlock. It’s not long before John just has to say something and totally disregards his promise.
power over John. Is he going to tell him the truth outright or try to pass this off as nothing? He trusts Sherlock, but will he trust him with this?
Hello, my friends! Sorry for posting again so quickly, but I couldn't help myself and this is a short chapter. Speaking of which, I may be adding a chapter or two to the total once again. It will still be a little while before I know if more should be added. I'll keep you all informed.
“Sherlock, I’ll not have you risk your life for me,” he replies shortly. He moves his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders and shakes his head. “That is something
HOW LONG BEFORE THE WEDDING, JANE??? SERIOUSLY.
Sherlock stops dead and stares straight ahead, every muscle in his body rock hard with tension. He turns to Greg abruptly, livid and eyes blazing.
On that note, I expect I'll release the last chapter tomorrow or the next day. Work on Part 3 is about to begin! I'll get it up as soon as I'm able.
Sherlock gives John directions as they go and before long, they are parked outside his building. He turns to face John, but doesn’t quite meet his eyes. Once again, it feels like the end of a date where neither party can decide if he should kiss the other. God, how Sherlock wants to this time. Just the thought makes his stomach flip. Again. It is really starting to piss him off and yet, he hopes the feeling never stops.
doing that and will
When people keep repeating that you’ll never fall in love
“Shut it, Holmes,” Greg’s eyes flash with fury as he directs them to John. “What happened exactly?”
Sorry, my friends, I have little to no time to add something to the end. I just finished editing this and HAD to post.
Oh, so many questions and I'm sure you have some of your own as well. Feel free to ask. I'm always happy to chat.
* So things are kind of normal between the duo, but when will John TALK TO SHERLOCK?!?!?! You know it's all just festering right now. Will it blow John's top at some point or will he broach the subject rationally?
When the chorus began, both John and Sherlock leaned forward toward each other. John’s lips parted and new droplets of sweat bloomed at his hairline. Not just from the dancing, but from the desire pooling in his belly and the thoughts taking root in his mind. John quickly lifted a hand and wiped his forehead in an almost unconscious gesture. He had never eye-fucked someone so hard in his life and every bit of the effort was reciprocated.
“Oh, John, really.”
“Oh,” the word sounds like a sigh and John’s eyes are soft. “That’s so sweet.”
* Where will this case lead and how long before it gets dangerous? (bc you know it will.)
John laughs jovially as they climb in.
Da da daaaaaa!
Love, Jane
1. Will one of our beloved idiots bring this to a close before it even gets started?
3. What's going to happen now that it's all over? Will John move out of Sherlock's condo?
“Would you join me in the hotel restaurant? We need to talk about tomorrow.”
Anyway, I hope this chapter affords you all a little respite. It is a bit of a short one. Sorry about that, but the next is more the normal length. Maybe if I can get it edited faster than usual, I could post it before the next weekend is upon us. I shall do my best.
“Well, believe me, it isn’t. It’s bloody brilliant, that’s what it is,” John remarked as he changed their step slightly to fit with the new song. John took both of Sherlock’s hands in his and stepped back, putting more space between the two of them. Their arms outstretched, fingers laced together, they mirrored one another’s movements and smiles as a cheerful voice filled the club.
(See the end of the chapter for
Moments later, the two men are seated in the living room. John is on the couch and Billy sits in the recliner just opposite. John purses his lips with no idea how to start. To his surprise, the older man beats him to it and cuts right to the chase while he’s at it.
Right.
Much love, Jane
Hello, everyone! I'm so sorry it has taken me so long to get this chapter out. I've had some troubles reading through the rest of this part, but I'm working day and night. I promise!
I love you. Jane
And arguing?
Sherlock spends the cab ride telling Greg about the bout and Smacks’ injury. He scrubs a hand through his curls as they discuss it at length, as well as #32’s apparent personal vendetta against HardOn.
Get thee to Persistence: Part 2!
-- The Clash
John felt Sherlock’s hands slide off his arms to his waist and then fall away. He stared in shocked disbelief into Sherlock’s face. He may have shared John’s surprise, but the heat in his eyes had sparked to life again. He panted onto John’s lips. John ventured a quick glance at them and a surge of adrenaline shot through his chest to his stomach and limbs. It was a combination of lust and honest affection. John was almost lightheaded with it. He looked back at Sherlock and his brow furrowed at what he saw. Disappointment shadowed Sherlock’s eyes and creased his forehead. The corners of his mouth angled downward.
“I’m afraid the police force is far from competent.”
The skin beneath Sherlock’s eyes contracted slightly as he looked at John thoughtfully. The doctor could tell there were a myriad of questions turning circles in his mind and he was trying to pick one to start with. Rather than wait for it, John decided to counter with one of his own. One that was much on his mind at the moment.
“No, you’re right. I’m sorry,” the doctor interrupts, taking a step away from the door. “I apologize for the hour, but I just got a message from Mike.”
Jammer - the skater who skates around the track and aims to pass all of the blockers on the opposite team. A point is scored for each opposing team blocker the jammer passes.
“Right,” John takes a step closer to the sofa. “And just how are adoptive trolls a statement of the human condition?”
“Oh, come on. I’ve seen the way you look at him.”
I don't know that there's more to say about this chapter than THE PLOT THICKENS. So we'll get right to the questions.
“And yet, you keep winning,” John replies with a cheeky smile, “and you love Molly.”
“Yes,” John nods. His lips press into a thin line, his brows drawing together in concentration.
He had not meant for this to happen and, while part of him wants to stay this way forever, another part tells him he can’t possibly do that and keep his friendship with John intact.
Angelo takes a few steps back to look the two men over and then he’s shaking John’s hand.
Hello, my friends! I’m back and I’m sorry to have kept you all waiting so long. I didn’t expect shit to go right off the rails and get so off schedule. I’m afraid chapter 18 will have to wait as well. It won’t be anywhere near ready this weekend, so I will post it next weekend. I should even have extra time over the holiday. Yay! I’m sorry I couldn’t keep everything on track and hope you’ll forgive me. It's been a tricky couple of weeks.
“I pushed too hard.”
“Smith just radioed in,” the man tells them, unaffected. Sherlock watches Riley thoughtfully thinking how he must have worked with the dimwitted Budreau for so long and he is used to his dense, slow mind. Sherlock sighs almost out of pity. “They found The Crown and Sawyer. She tried to dock in Sandusky and blend in with the amusement park crowd. They’re taking her to the station.”
John grumbled darkly to himself, heading for the bar and the club’s sole proprietor, Greg Lestrade. He and Greg had met some ten years ago and the club was a hotspot even then. Now it was one of the most well-known on this side of London, but still retained its own rustic-city style with brick walls and an antique, solid oak bar. So many others had strayed toward trendy and pretentious, which only made John love this place more.
“Oh, no, John,” Sherlock corrects him. “We are very different, trust me.”
“It’s a cartoon.”
“I would like to,” Sherlock murmurs into the space between them.
There are so many other questions too.
(See the end of the chapter for
John did not have much time to feel sorry for himself. As he stood there staring at a sizable puddle at the edge of the street, a fast-moving cab splashed through it and sent a wave of dirty water over the front of his body. His eyes flew shut in the onslaught and he gasped out an “Oi” that the buildings around him swallowed whole.
“Hello, my dear,” he bends down to hug her. “Did you sleep well?”
“What?” he asks, grinning almost like a fool.
“Ta,” John mumbled, feeling his cheeks flush and ducking his head at the unexpected praise. He recovered quickly and gestured haphazardly behind his back. “You’re doing well yourself. Another busy night I see.”
“And what did you study?”
is a position of authority.”
I’m Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips
I can hear all of your voices now. "NO, JOHN, NO! Don't fall for Mary's trap! Don't turn away from Sherlock! AHHHHH!"
“He isn’t here,” Sherlock cut him off in a soft but firm tone. John looked at him with unabashed confusion and disbelief. Sherlock swallowed and placed a hand on John’s. The doctor stared at it with wide eyes that shifted back to Sherlock’s. “Just for this song… I could be your boyfriend.”
“She told me that too,” John grins.
Much love, Jane
And now for something completely different.
“Not if it’s you,” Sherlock replied with a glance towards the club. “He might not even know without me to pull him away from this place.”
“Thanks,” John smiles kindly, his features weary but relieved. “For everything.”
When I told her (let’s go) I said
“I’m fine,” John chokes in a quiet voice. “Just need to catch my breath.”
Without realizing it, Sherlock has drifted quite close to John. He knows he should pull back, but has no intention of doing so. John smells so good. Cinnamon and vanilla with a unique musky scent that must belong to John alone. Sherlock inhales deeply, wanting to memorize every detail of it, of this moment because they will never be this close again. John will snap out of this spell and step away, a window in time to be suffocated with shutters and never reopened.
Hello again, my friends. A nice long chapter to make up for the last short one.
Hmmm.
“I can’t believe I fell for that,” he gasps out between two rather undignified snorts. “Bastard.”
Sherlock just blurted out his feelings.
2) Speaking of, what will Jim have to say about this? John's taking a big step defying him. Mistake??
“He is concerned she will discover his suspicions about the company and Lennon and dump him,” he finished triumphantly. “There’s more, of course, but those are the highlights.”
* On to recovery and wedding plans! Will things go without a hitch?
(See the end of the chapter for
have to explain herself to you.”
What he has told Sherlock about his romantic life is true. He has devoted no time to dating during his time in the States. He put little effort into it in the UK, to be honest, but had dated off and on in uni and medical school. He really only felt anything for two or three of them and none of those feelings came close to what he feels for Sherlock. It is… What is it? John is so confused, his head spinning. What does it mean when you don’t just want to spend the night with someone, but every day too? To talk to him and learn about him more than you want to sleep with him?
“I’ll drive you in my car,” he placates in a soft voice that surprises even himself. Sherlock looks to the paramedic for approval as he continues. “We’ll go to the ER and get you taken care of.”
Greg remains silent while John tells the tales of the previous nights, including this morning when he spoke to that irritating detective again. When he is finished, Greg’s fury has not diminished, but he has reigned it in.
“I have researched it quite extensively and found that there is a very sensitive erogenous zone on the feet of most men.” Sherlock slides his eyes to look at John, an impish smile on his face. For his part, John bursts out laughing. He throws his back against the arm of the sofa and categorically ignores Sherlock’s petulant expression.
“Good. I want to take her straight to the closest ER. If her tibia is broken the way I think it is, she’ll need surgery,” John’s voice is crisp. He is in full-on doctor mode, his orders for the two men clear and concise.
As their lips part, Sherlock takes a breath and relaxes his shoulders. His lips still hovering in front of John’s, he opens his eyes and looks at John. So many words are on the tip of his tongue, but he is not sure he will ever be able to say any of them. John gazes back at him with a look in his eyes that Sherlock doesn’t expect. Instead of surprise, he sees desire. Sherlock blinks in disbelief and gapes.
Another song began that was one of John’s favorites and he let out a hoot as the faster beat took hold of his body. He switched his weight from one foot to the other, turning his body to match, sometimes twice in the same direction before changing.
Okay, so it was another fairly short chapter, but what a chapter! Am I right? It was a fun one to write, let me tell you. I hope you all enjoyed its sentiment and its steam. I'm not sure what to say about this one, other than what I've already said. Our intrepid duo picks up the case again in the next chapter, which I believe, will be a longer one. Keep your good eye out for it. I'm hoping to post it quickly.
The close of the song bled right into the next one. Without missing a beat or pausing for awkwardness, Sherlock held one of John’s hands to his chest and slid the other around the shorter man’s waist, taking the lead. John put his hand on Sherlock’s hip, flashing a sly smile and effectively stealing the lead. Sherlock laughed and followed John as he set the pace for their steps. Around them, the whole dance floor began to relax after the long stint of nothing but fast and furious. Many headed for the bar to make Greg’s night incredibly harried once again.
I know, I know. First Sherlock has nightmares featuring Jim and now John too. Come up with something more original already! I would, friends, but night terrors and panic attacks can be a totally normal part of emotional trauma after rape, and they're what I've decided to do here. My poor John has so much to work through and thinks he needs to do it all alone. He is most definitely a strong man, but there is no weakness in asking a certain consulting detective help him. Greg is a good foil and friend to both men, but what a difficult position to be in, no?
Sherlock takes a toothbrush still in its unopened package and a small tube of toothpaste from the bucket. Replacing the bucket and standing, he catches John’s curious eye.
John comforts him.
“Molly is my family. I will place myself in the line of fire to protect her every time. You know that. Failure means the murderer will try again. And she isn’t the only target. So are you. I cannot allow that.”
And now, without further ado...
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” John replies with not just a little affection in his voice. “Something like that. Can you trust me?”
The paramedics thank him as well and then one climbs into the ambulance to ready the vehicle to leave the scene. The other remains before them to tell Sherlock how to care for the wound, as well as all of John’s other cuts and bruises. He listens intently and commits every detail to memory, knowing they will only give him all the same information in the ER and he will listen again then without being bored. Anything involving John will be preserved in the mind palace for as long as Sherlock draws breath. Sherlock intends to spend the rest of his life learning as much as he can about John, if he will let him. ‘It’s just fine’, John had said on the boat when Sherlock confessed his desires for their future. ‘Just fine’. He hopes the doctor has not changed his mind now that the danger is well passed.
“What could you possibly…”
Much love, Jane
John smiles to himself as he sips tea. Having just shared a cuppa and lovely chat with Mrs. Hudson, before they realized the time and she had to dash off, John poured himself the last cup and has been deep in thought ever since. Three weeks have passed since their last confrontation about Sherlock’s nightmares. He and Sherlock have tried a few different tacts John has learned over time. The first week was hard to get through, but the last two have passed without event. John isn’t entirely sure if that is because there have been no nightmares or because Sherlock has managed not to wake him. Either way, John has every intention of discussing it when Sherlock returns from the case he’s working with Greg.
Well, friends, I was wrong. This Part is 10 chapters after all. Sorry about that.
“You’re bunking at Sherlock’s,” he repeats slowly. “You’re...really?”
John stares up at the red roof of the Edgar Allan Poe House and Museum in the late morning sun. It is a fairly small and unassuming home, but he cannot help wondering at what secrets it holds. He has bubbled with anticipation since he read the words “..walking into Poe’s Baltimore home is both disturbing and ethereal” on its website at breakfast. He had invited the skaters along, but they all had other plans already. So, here he is, standing before it alone.
“Molly stayed in the midwest. Well, Ohio before heading back to Detroit and I followed Victor to California for grad school. I hadn’t intended on studying, but I was bored with my job within five minutes and Victor thought I’d enjoy school. Molly and my parents did too, for that matter.”
“No,” she snorts and turns sideways so she can see him fully, “it was time to switch to the next center.”
“Ahh,” Billy breathes, stepping back from the doorway. “Molly sent you. Come in, John Watson. Come in.”
His head snaps up at the light tap on his door as it opens. Sherlock’s eyes are wide again and he swallows audibly as John steps in with a warm smile on his face.
“Fine,” he says in a calm voice that is almost unsettling. “May I remind you of our position on fraternizing with the skaters?
“What?” Sherlock’s brow furrows, creating a small wrinkle right across the bridge of his nose. John’s brows and the corners of his mouth rise in tandem. That was clearly not what the coach expected to hear and John finds it incredibly amusing. And oddly endearing.
Hello again, friends. This chapter isn't action-packed adventure by any means, but things you all need to know. Trust me on that.
Notice some of the tags have changed and the rating has gone from Mature to Explicit. (insert infamous eyebrow waggle)
“You’ll want to cuff him,” Greg remarks as Riley secures his hands behind his back. Budreau looks at him with sharp eyes.
The duo has a little spat and John has a visitor.
Well, I will call you darlin' and everything will be okay
6. Oh, wait.
Before I turn you loose, I just wanted to thank you all for your love and support. Thank you for all the kudos and comments. Each and every one touches my heart and keeps my spirits up. I love and appreciate all of you, whether you've read everything so far or just one chapter. You all mean the world to me. Thank you and enjoy!
What did you all think of one, James Moriarty? Grade A Bastard, as John thinks? Not sure yet? Well, we shall see. Trust that this is not his only appearance in this fun little fic. He's like a bad penny. He always turns up. Oooooo! It's so much fun to quote Indiana Jones. He is the pinnacle of hot. THE MAN, my bestie and I used to call him, in spite of the fact that he is the same age as our fathers.
Whatever their relationship, John could not stop noticing Sherlock when he was on the dance floor and he carried the guilt of it wherever he went. He should not, should
“No. You’re perfect.” Sherlock tips forward and kisses John passionately, but he keeps his mouth closed. When he pulls away, he brings his hands up to cup John’s face and meets his eyes. “I do not intend to rush you.”
It took your love to make my heart come alive
“I don’t see, John,” Sherlock corrects as he works, “I…”
When John’s eyes came to rest on him again, he blinked and blinked again in shock. That man, that gorgeous man with legs a mile long and cheekbones sharp enough to cut yourself with was absolutely
Sherlock arches his brows and stares at her sharply. She lowers her eyes to the table and fidgets with her spoon. When Rosie looks back at him timidly from under her eyelashes, his stern expression has faded and he watches her sympathetically.
“Which is?”
Sherlock spins around and tackles Moriarty, grabbing his wrist to keep him from slashing or thrusting with the knife. The smaller man struggles to get the blade close enough to stab Sherlock’s body and escape his grasp.
“Okay,” John said suddenly in a voice that did not sound like his own.
“Damn it,” Sherlock mutters as he produces the offending device. “Greg, hello. Your timing, as always, is impeccable.”
“What?”
“What about you?” Sherlock asks suddenly, eager to change the subject.
.....confessions and a row.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock ignores the comment, “but I intend to find out.”
3. Will Moriarty be back (already told us that one, Jane) and will he cause trouble for our intrepid duo? They are working together now, after all. And we all breathe a sigh of relief.
“Not her husband,” Sherlock corrected, his tone flat. John’s brows shot up again as he met the detective’s sharp eyes.
“I don’t think it would be a risk with this one,” she answered solemnly.
“It does at that,” Greg chortled. He watched as John’s eyes scanned the dance floor and the club’s entrance again. The smile slowly faded from Greg’s face as he headed down the bar to sort out some drinks for a few people before returning to his friend.
“They found me in what doubled as a library and office when I was four. There I was, under the desk with a book in my lap. They thought it odd because it was decidedly not a picture book. It wasn’t until I started talking to them about the events described in that book, and others, that they realized I was reading them. And quickly too,” John puffs out a breath and looks away, out into the restaurant at other patrons as if in disbelief at his own memories. “They had been teaching me letters, sounds and colors, things of that nature, for a week or so. There weren’t any nursery schools close enough to our house and they’d taken it upon themselves to teach me the basics. Meanwhile, I used what they had imparted upon me and taught myself how to read.”
The grin broadens as she takes John’s hand in her smaller one and guides him to the table. Sliding a piece of toast buried under globs of jam across to the nearest chair, Rosie drops his hand and nods toward it.
John feels so buoyant, no longer tethered to the weights and it is almost intoxicating. He nearly forgets where he is and what he needs to do until hands unseen take the regulator from him for a few seconds and then press it back into his hands. The same hands grab him around the waist as he takes another breath and pull him upward. John kicks his legs to help. Before too long, Greg needs more air and takes the mask from John again. He touches it briefly before taking it each time as a signal to John that he needs it. John wishes he could open his eyes, but the sting of extended exposure to the water is more than enough to put him off the idea. He needs to flush his eyes, not add more algae.
In the meantime, you know I can't resist this.
Sherlock’s expression quickly melts into relief. He wraps his arms around John and tucks his head over the man’s shoulder in a tight embrace.
were poisoned.”
“Watch out for 32. She hits hard and she has your number,” Sherlock’s eyes are narrow slits when he looks to Harry in the tight huddle they form with Hella, Groot, Smacks and The Woman just outside the track.
Sherlock freezes. Molly’s recovery has gone perfectly by anyone’s measure, but the brotherly and ultimately, irrational part of his mind jumps to frightening conclusions. The logical, and thankfully, larger part of his mind quells the worry before it can be seen on his face. Still, John continues quickly and though he can see it all as clear as day. Damn it, he knows Sherlock too well.
John stops chewing and locks eyes with him. For a moment, Sherlock is afraid he has overstepped and his heart stops as he waits for John’s expression to turn into a scowl. But John just starts chewing again and flashes that brilliant smile after he swallows.
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John rushes to his side, dialing for help as he goes. “I need an ambulance and police at 221B Baker Street. Gunshot wound to the chest. He’s lost a lot of blood.”
“And the physique,” Sherlock says before thinking and immediately closes his eyes, cursing internally. John just laughs.
I said it all at the beginning, but I will again. Thank you all for being with me as I edited and posted my way through this. Your love and support means the world to me. All of you are my treasured friends on and after this journey. This story has a special place in my heart for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is meeting my lovely beta, MyBreadAndButter. Thank you, my friend. You have help me shape this story and my craft into something truly great. I look forward to working with you, and to seeing all of you again, which leads me to...Questions Time?
I know you're all suspicious, trying not to be lulled into all this bliss because I, the Evil JaneOfCakes, always end things with drama and devastation. "I will not be fooled, Jane!!" I can hear you say. You know I don't like to give anything away, but....you all may be right.
What is this "one option" John doesn't like, but feels compelled do?
Btw, I'm pretty sure there's a pretty glaring spelling error somewhere in the second half, but I couldn't find it when I read through again. I may have corrected it, but I still might have missed it. My apologies.
Love, Jane
Also, no spoilers.
* What is Moriarty going to do with him? Hell, what is he going to do TO him?!
“We have already done that,” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “What do you think we did last night?”
“Strength in numbers, Watson. He trusts Molly and she trusts you.”
“Yes, probably, but that’s not what I had in mind, actually,” John bites his lip and wonders how the hell he is going to explain this without sounding insane. He clears his throat and knows exactly how Molly felt. God, what is he even doing here? “I’ve only been here a couple of weeks and I… Molly Hooper...”
“Harry delivered an ass-kicker of a hit to 32,” Sherlock adds, his eyes sparkling with mirth, “and wasn’t called for it.”
The boys get up to something. (infamous eyebrow waggle)
Sherlock grimaces and uses the last of his strength to punch him square in the jaw with his left hand. Stunned, Moriarty falls to the floor, but manages to pull himself up again to look Sherlock in the eye one last time. He can see the detective is fading fast.
“You’re frightened,” John catches Sherlock’s attention with that and his eyes snap open.
“Can I stay if I promise not to say anything?”
In another bit of housekeeping, there are definitely going to be 11 chapters in this Part instead of 10. Just letting you know.
“She does have a bruised rib,” John interjects in an unassuming tone. He is not about to get defensive about this, something he is not responsible for.
“Behavior,” Sherlock tells him. “You are very independent and driven. You may work well with others, but have set ways of doing things. You speak of your parents fondly, but not of siblings.” He pauses, the corners of his mouth turning up and a mischievous gleam in his eye. “I’m not wrong.”
She has a mischievous gleam in her eye. If she was anyone else, Sherlock would be in a rage, but Mrs. Hudson has always been different. He is well aware she thinks of him as a son and, with his own parents dead for nearly five years, he is inclined to think of her as a sort of surrogate mother. He has known her for a long time and, truth be told, trusts her to a fault. The decision to hire Anderson was one that had to be made quickly. Deadlines were looming and they wouldn’t have been allowed to compete for nearly an entire season without a team doctor. By the time they learned what he was doing to one of the ladies, they were in the championships and the season was almost over. Mrs. Hudson fired him on the spot, in spite of potential disqualification. After her husband’s legacy, maintaining a high level of professionalism and strict adherence to rules, both the league’s and her own, were of the utmost importance. She also had the police outside her door to arrest him as soon as he left the room.
“I wondered if you’d get up the nerve to knock,” he remarks in a friendly tone. “I saw you drive up from the kitchen window.”
In a sudden fit of rage, Sherlock growls and veritably throws the smaller man off the bed. His mind clouded by anger, he jumps up and launches himself onto Moriarty’s body. The upturned knife pierces his chest and he falls heavily onto the other man, the blade pressing further into his body. Moriarty pushes the detective onto his back and grins when a strangled cry slips from his throat. He stares right into Sherlock’s eyes and leans in close, so close that Sherlock can feel his breath.
“Oh?” He can’t help but notice Sherlock’s uncharacteristic nervousness - the wide and shifting eyes, the color in his cheeks, the way he licks his lips.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice finally breaks through his thoughts.
“We’ll talk after Rosie is asleep and I will tell you everything. I promise.”
“Angelo would have been hesitant to let you in in that condition anyway,” Sherlock’s words pulled John back from his own thoughts. The detective still had a hint of a smile on his face as his beautiful eyes ran the length of John’s body. “You’ll never get a cab and will catch your death walking for an hour.”
How does John feel about being told the love of his life never wants to be his husband and what news does Mycroft bring?
Mwahahahaha. Evil. PatPrecieux tried to warn you on many occasions. Empress of Evil, she calls me and she is not wrong. When I got to the end, even I was thinking NO! YOU CAN’T STOP THERE! And now you all have to wait a week to see what happens next. Oops. And truly, with me, you just never know. Will one of the ladies knock on the door because one of them has disappeared? Or Mycroft phones with some news? Or Greg suddenly turns up to help with the bout?
“What’s stopping me?”
Riley holds Sherlock’s shoulder as he sits him next to John. Sherlock takes in the doctor’s condition in a glance. His skin is pale and his whole body shivers where he leans against the boat with his eyes closed. Unacceptable. Sherlock turns back to Riley abruptly.
1. Who the heck is this guy and why is he so intent on ending our dear doctor?
Sherlock looks at him again and sees the concern in his eyes. His anger melts away with a sigh. He puts his hands on John’s shoulders and looks at him with soft eyes. When he speaks his voice is gentle. He speaks slowly and emphatically.
Hella finds her hand and holds it tightly, a misty look in her eyes as she lays her head on HardOn’s shoulder. The bus is quiet, every skater exhausted, and in a haze of worry and regret. Watching them from his seat at the front, Sherlock straightens his spine and calls out so all can hear.
“Yes.”
“Now, Sherlock,” John’s face fills with doubt, “don’t rush to any conclusions.”
“With myself,” John rushes to say and continues in a decisive tone. “Not with you. I didn’t mean to give the impression that I wanted to disassociate myself from you.”
“John,” Greg’s face brightened as he placed a glass in front of a woman who winked at him as she picked it up. He gave her a sort of lop-sided smile he had perfected over the years and then turned his attention to John. “Rather late for you, isn’t it? No work tomorrow?”
After a long day, John visits Molly in the hospital and goes home to his flat.
Much love to you all.
“Sir!” calls a man from the police boat. He had been directing other boats to the marina to be questioned as witnesses when something caught his eye. “There’s another one in the water over here. We’re pulling him out now.”
Hello, friends! I got lucky and had some time to edit last night. Woo hoo!
Just wanna dance, dance, dance
“Griffy introduced you then?” Greg asks with interest.
“God, you’re gorgeous.”
YES!! They've done it and Sherlock has finally - how did Greg put it? - "pull[ed] his head out of his ass" and started looking for John. I know I made him a bit thick in this chapter, even after the effects of all the drugs had worn off. I wanted to convey Sherlock's feelings of fear, not that John had left and would never come back, but that Moriarty actually took him. He considered the possibility the night after he spoke to Greg and yet, he was still convinced that John had left him the next morning because even the great Sherlock Holmes didn't want to believe that his worst fear had come true. His mind finally lets him put it all together and see the clues when he's ready to deal with it. I hope you can all make sense of that and not just think I'm just portraying Sherlock as a dumbass. Not my intention.
He presses his lips together in a thin line and glances at the clock on the wall. He’s nervous. Why the hell is he nervous? It’s not like it’s a date. It’s nothing. It’s just two colleagues having dinner to chat and get to know one another. Never mind Sherlock has been avoiding John as much as possible for the specific purpose of not getting to know him. After all, the less John knows about him the better, and vice versa. Mrs. Hudson has already told him enough. Sherlock rolls his eyes. She means well, but she does meddle.
“I said…” Sherlock stares indignantly. “I do not talk in my sleep!”
“You coached her.”
Sherlock stares at John without blinking, unsure of what to say or do. Don’t apologize could simply mean that John takes no offense and does not want to dwell on it. Several internal dialogues rapidly play out in his mind and Sherlock ignores them all to concentrate on a decent response instead. He begins to speak, but is not beyond John’s name before he is being manhandled towards the door. His back thuds against the wall with a curse and John’s body is against his, pinning him there. John’s face hovers in front of Sherlock’s, looking uncertain and a little scared, but heated and full of want. Without a word, he presses his lips against Sherlock’s and Sherlock’s mind goes blank.
John waved him off and took another drink. He watched Greg and Roland mix drinks for a bit, chuckling whenever his friend fended off the flirtations of both men and women alike. The man was an enigma, never showing interest in any gender or persuasion, the ideal businessman. It was really no different from him at Bart’s, John supposed. Still, it suddenly seemed odd that in all the years he had known Greg he never mentioned a partner and John had never asked.
“A partner,” Sherlock replied just as tentatively and brushed his fingers delicately over John’s in an unmistakable gesture.
John is leaning against the back of the ambulance, his bum resting on its bumper. A bright orange blanket hangs around his shoulders in spite of his swift movements as he points a finger and glowers at the paramedic before him.
“Shit.”
“I… He...he threatened me and then he killed me.” Sherlock closes his eyes in anger. Why can’t he bring himself to tell John what is really bothering him? Where is the courage and confidence that defines him? Is this what being in a relationship does to people, to him?
“What? Sherlock,” John shifts in his arms to slide back into view. “Sherlock, you know something. What is it?”
Sherlock's awake again and he asks to see John.
And...
“You have a bruised rib.”
“Well, well, well,” Budreau walks to Sherlock and John and stands before them with a look of interest, “what were we doing here, gentlemen? Evening on the lake to watch the sunset and have a drink?”
Christ, no!!!! RUN, JOHN!! RUN!!!!! (like he'd ever leave Sherlock helpless)
Quite a night at 221B.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock becomes more and more concerned about Moriarty's plans for John, and begins to fear his feelings for John are damping his deductive skills.
He stands aside and John walks in hesitantly with a ta. In moments, they are seated on the couch, sipping from water bottles. There is an air of discomfort and awkwardness between them that crushes Sherlock’s heart. He has never felt this way with John in the whole of their association. Even when they met and he attacked him with accusations and suspicion, John was completely at ease. Irritated, yes, but not uncomfortable. Sherlock’s mind works fast for a way to fix this.
Holy shit, Jane! AGAIN! We can't take all this suspense! First Molly and now John! *swoon*
“John!” Sherlock bolts forward to grab John’s hands. The police voice barks orders for him to stand still, but he ignores it and helps John into the boat.
“She lives outside of London and travels in more often than necessary for business, which she does actually do while here so she doesn’t feel as guilty, but she mostly comes to see him,” Sherlock explained in a confident tone. He sounded as if he was reading a book. It could not possibly be something he just made up on the fly and John was captivated. He watched Sherlock’s face as it flowed from one expression to another. “They favor this club because no one who knows them typically patronizes dance clubs. Not to mention the atmosphere lends itself well to a certain anonymity for all its patrons.”
‘Cause I can’t help falling in love with you
“Hi,” John grins and Sherlock looks surprised. “I didn’t see you at breakfast. You did eat?”
Shall I stay?
BUT NO! I wouldn't do that to you. Leave you all hanging with no actual wedding. "No, Jane, no! You must give us the wedding! We had to sit through that damn wedding between John and Mary on the show and we don't get one here?! The one we WANTED to see??" LOL No worries. There will be a wedding and a wedding night. (infamous eyebrow waggle)
“Right. You’re all coming to the station so we can get this straightened out,” a tall sergeant orders all four of them. “Cuff ‘em, Riley.”
Sherlock shifts back, but is still close. His gaze falls to John’s chest as it rises and falls, the thin fabric of the shirt pulling taut over his pectorals. Sherlock can just make out the darker outline of a nipple before he forces his eyes back to John’s face, trying desperately not to stop on the man’s lips.
“Do someone else,” John suggested lightly. Sherlock looked relieved and he let his eyes wander all around, looking for the next subject. John pressed his lips together and licked them with trepidation, never taking his own eyes off the taller man. “Do me?”
He is in love with John Watson.
This chapter was incredibly difficult to write. I must have read through it for edits three different times and I changed something every time. I hate doing such horrible things to my John and Sherlock. I truly love them both and, frankly, identify with John the most. Writing is not just something I do for pleasure. It helps me deal with my own feelings and with things that have happened to me in the past. However you all may feel about stories of rape and abuse, I hope you can see it in your hearts to stick with me and trust that I don't just do it for effect. It has actually been very therapeutic.
What is he doing? What the fuck is he doing? He is
John noticed him on the dance floor a few more times after that night and Sherlock was always dancing with a different man. This new knowledge had befuddled John. He had assumed Sherlock and the tall man were together, but that was clearly not the case. He started paying more attention and his hunch was confirmed every time he saw Sherlock at the club. That was when John started to keep track of who Sherlock left the club with and it was Greg. Only ever Greg. He had wanted to ask Greg about it so badly, but never did. He respected his friend’s privacy and part of him did not want to know whether or not Sherlock was attached to anyone in general, or to Greg in particular.
“You even suspect he is seeing someone else. He has increased the time he spends with a certain friend, especially in the last four months, but you have done nothing to alter your relationship,” Sherlock gazed at John for a long moment, obviously seeing his growing irritation. His lips parted in what might have been an apology, but instead Sherlock spoke firmly. “He is not cheating.”
“Look, if you don’t know where you stand, there’s only one way to find out.”
“I know how it sounds, John. I don’t put any stock into gut feelings, emotions or sentiment, but something is not right here. We have to be prepared for anything,” Sherlock tells him in a low, serious tone.
* Thank god the shoulder scans didn't reveal any hidden tracking devices. Moriarty clearly didn't plan on John ever escaping. Or did he? They didn't really scan anywhere else...
“Are you going in or just passing by?” he gestures to the house.
2) Is John's exit as final as it feels?
Loves and hugs.
Sherlock chuckles good-naturedly and almost slyly too.
The duo has a case.
Martha Hudson has seen a lot in her time, but Sherlock Holmes with his head in his hands weeping uncontrollably, she has not. She is out of her chair in a flash and on her knees, her arms wrapped around the boy. That’s what he is right now in this moment. A boy afraid of losing all that has ever mattered - his beautiful, perfect little girl and the love of his life.
The three continue with what remains of the tour and soon the duo bids the guide farewell. None too soon for John, who notices her pressing a bit of paper into Sherlock’s hand under the guise of a friendly handshake. Her number, no doubt.
“I’m listening,” John said cooly, but with extreme interest.
Is John right about his feelings for Sherlock being stronger than anything he might find out about their past?
“Fine,” Sherlock says. It makes sense. It does. John is not wrong, but Sherlock still believes Moriarty is behind all of it. Everything he knows about the man, every experience they have shared is all the evidence Sherlock needs. However, solid physical proof is what police will require. All the more reason to go with John to his apartment in the morning, which he might as well mention now while he is at it. “I’m going with you to meet the police tomorrow.”
do it again in the future. He has already gone over this in his mind palace enough times to know he cannot act on these feelings. It is too great a risk.
his mind supplies so coolly it is like something they were always meant to do.
“It won’t stand,” Greg tells them, resolutely ignoring the fuming coach inches away from him. Greg wants to put a little space between himself and Sherlock, but refuses to give even the slightest impression that he is backing down. “Molly took a hard hit. She was falling fast and knocked her face right into an elbow. She could have mistaken anything for the poke of a needle. And how the hell could they get a syringe on the track? Tell me that.”
The men glance at one another like two school boys who have been caught out. Sherlock’s expression is one of apology for saying too much and John’s is resignation.
“That’s enough!” Greg slams his fist on the desk. The room is silent, all attention on him. “Why do I always find myself reminding you that, while your input is very important, Mrs. Hudson owns this team. She does
“Oh, I’d feel a little odd doing that. Wouldn’t want to intrude on the off-chance someone is still there.”
“Yes,” John breathes. He swallows and leans forward, sitting on the edge of the couch. “She told me about the accidents.”
And it was not a decision. That dinner with John changed everything. The door wasn’t just opened, it was forced from its hinges. In spite of it, Sherlock has tried to board up the doorway and move on. He may have feelings for John, strong feelings, but cannot risk his heart again no matter how persistent it is. Because John would have nothing less than his whole heart and losing it, losing John would destroy him.
“You seen him?” John asked, already knowing the answer.
What is going to happen?? Will John remember everything? Will John and Sherlock confess their feelings?
* Who's behind the apples?
“I’m sorry. I can’t,” John muttered, barely loud enough to hear over the din. Disappointment shown thick on his face and in his tone. “I’m meeting someone.”
“Officer, if you’d just…” he begins, but the man interrupts him.
What did you think? Anybody else excited to see Billy in a completely different role?? I love breaking the norms, taking the road less traveled. That's right! Your friend, Jane is a crazy woman. Bwahahahaha!
Thanks so much for all the love and support. I couldn't keep posting without you.
“You can’t blame yourself, John,” he tells him in a gentle voice. “Bill wouldn’t want that.”
“Sorry. Your apartment,” John sneers the word and then laughs. “I’ll never get used to that word no matter how long I live here.”
“No,” Sherlock stops him cold, “it isn’t.”
What will John remember and when?
Question time, my friends! Couldn't get a better lead in to it and I'll start with the question first and foremost on all our minds.
“All right.”
“Oh, I’m quite sure you don’t.” John chuckles
“Don’t be absurd,” he remarks dismissively. John turns with him and grabs his arm.
“Now you know our suspicions. What we lack is proof,” Sherlock begins sharply.
(See the end of the chapter for
I want to thank all of you for your support and dedication, for going on this wonderful, mad journey with me into an AU I feel has been sadly neglected by Johnlockers. It has true potential, as I think we all see. This has been a joy, a true joy and I am so humbled and touched that all of you came along with me from beginning to end. I have to say I’m sorry to see this John and Sherlock go. I have grown to really like them, and the precious friendship between Sherlock and Molly. I think you’ll be seeing more of that from me in the future. Hopefully, I’ll be able to mix it up a bit so it doesn’t seem the same from one story to the next. Haha.
When he returns this time, John is standing closer to the bed. He looks nervous, holding one hand in the other and wringing slightly. Sherlock smiles reassuringly, trying to ease John’s mind. He steps in close and drapes a thick dark green towel on the bed. When he stands straight again, he and John are face to face, inches apart. John’s mouth is open and he is breathing more heavily than he should be. His pupils seem even larger than before.
John laughs at the story and Sherlock’s stomach does a flip.
Sorry, friends, no summary. I don't want to give anything away, but...
“Physics.”
John shifts his weight, trying to contain his fury. From everything Sherlock has ever told him, Mycroft Holmes has tried to control him ever since the death of their parents. Granted, John can understand why he came to action when Sherlock was on a destructive course, using drugs and the like, but the detective certainly does not need any such close observation now. And, as far as John is concerned, any relationship he and Sherlock might pursue is unequivocally NOT Mycroft’s business.
I don't want any spoilers, but this is a GREAT chapter.
“Far be it for me to…” Greg began, but John raised a hand to stop him. There was no need for him to hear it all again. It made no difference. John would wait. Always.
Sherlock’s eyes are watering so much he can barely see and they begin to close. He can see himself in his mind’s eye as he gasps for breath. John must look the same, struggling not to gulp in the liquid all around.
“Let’s have dinner.”
“I’ve wanted to say…to tell you…how much I…” he cannot seem to finish any sentence he begins. John tilts his head slightly and licks his lips. It would be so easy to kiss him. To just lean forward the few inches between them and kiss those plush lips. “John, I…I…”
John talks about his sexuality and Sherlock gives him a sponge bath.
John purses his lips, raises his brows and tilts his head to the side in both a thoughtful gesture and one that acquiesces the point. Sherlock leans closer and rests his hand on John’s thigh, just under the wound. He watches John’s face as he glances down at Sherlock’s hand and then lifts his gaze to look at the coach full in the face. His features are wary, but otherwise unreadable. Sherlock squares his jaw. Nothing is going to keep him from finding the truth.
And arguing!
Sherlock cocks a brow and replies.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John…”
I love you all and I'll see you again as soon as I can. I promise. Keep an eye out for me! I plan to throw our boys into something I don't think they've been in before. :D At least, I've never seen it.
“In the throat.”
Wait, what? John!
John wakes up in his new home.
“I won’t go. I can’t.”
I want to thank you all again for all your support, and to apologize for not getting this chapter out before now. I have been in a bad way the last couple days and working on this, while on the forefront of my mind, was not something I could do. I hope for better days ahead and a little bonus time with the holiday. I appreciate everyone sticking it out and hope you continue to do so.
P E R S I S T
“When Claire, her name was Claire. When she told me she was pregnant it was because she wanted me to marry her,” John licks his lips and stares at his water glass like it holds all the answers.
“Oh, I do apologize,” John smiles and kisses the tip of his nose.
When Greg opens his eyes, the coach is closer and wearing the same face he does in the huddle. The face that motivates every one of the ladies to kick ass on the track, and Greg feels it too. It starts down in the pit of his gut and roils up inside his body, bringing with it new focus and determination until Hell, yeah, we’re gonna find who’s behind it and we’ll make ‘em pay!
“You keep a rather modest flat, despite being able to afford more because you don’t see the point in having something extravagant. You spend little wakeful time at home,” Sherlock was on a roll now. The impressive line of his shoulders was relaxed and his jaw loosened. “You could change your hours, of course. You haven’t been at Bart’s long, but have the clout to do it already.”
But he doesn’t. Sherlock is not his.
“Well, that
Please, PLEASE stick around for the next chapter. Same bat time. Same bat channel.
“Molly, I can’t.”
They had moved in closer again, seemingly unable to be apart for any length of time. They were not pressed together like the other people around them, but John’s hands rested comfortably around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock’s fingers were wrapped around John’s biceps in a tender embrace. Their steps had turned into something more like a mere shuffling of feet as the great detective spoke quietly and John laughed or did double-takes. Everything about it was delicious and there was not a thought in John’s head that was not about this man.
Hi, Friends. I thought I'd posted this chapter already and wondered why no one had said anything about yet. Imagine my surprise when I checked on this Part and found that there was no chapter 4 post. Ha. Maybe I dreamed that I did it? Who knows. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy it.
I'd say more, but I'm not even sure what else I can say. So bring it on. What do y'all think of these developments? What are you theories? Can Sherlock really protect John when Moriarty can apparently still just waltz into their flat whenever he wants? When will he come for John and what will John do when he does? What will Sherlock do? Jeez, I thought I had no words and here I am Deadpool questioning anyway. Here's the big one. The biggest MFer of them all. ... What is Sherlock going to do when he discovers Mycroft's betrayal? AHHHH!
Love, Jane
“And what about Greg?” John teased. “Think he’ll mind having a guest in the flat?”
3) What about the man in the hotel? Will he continue to follow Rock City or lag behind with John?
3. What will John think?
“She told me about your time with Rock City and about hiring you, what she saw in you and how she feels about you. She didn’t say anything else. I’d like to know you and hear it from you,” John tells him emphatically. “And I can tell you about myself too.”
Head over heels and toe to toe
Mycroft brings a matter to Sherlock that requires his immediate attention.
(See the end of the chapter for
Are your hearts broken? I can hear you now. "Jane! Jane! How can you even live with yourself after ending the Part this way??? Oh god, Jawn. AND Sherlock." I know, but Pat and Purrfect do call me Empress of Evil for a reason. Speaking of which, how's that for angst, ladies? Heh heh heh. I really AM evil.
"So, dinner?"
“Not a chance,” Sherlock gave a single shake of his head and huffed a laugh. “Angelo’s well on his way home by now.”
4) Will there be another attempt to sabotage Rock City and will they see it in time to save its target?
“Possibly sooner rather than later,” Sherlock adds. “We’re at the top of the league and will stay there, if I have anything to say about it.”
“You said I didn’t have all the data?” John clears his throat, trying to get back on track.
What? What? Jane, how can you give us such awesome things like John and Rosie hugging and John grabbing Sherlock's hand to invite him to stay, and then taking it right back with Sherlock crying tears that are not out of joy?? Why, Jane? Why????
“Look, I only know what I’ve been able to piece together when it comes to Victor Trevor,” he says and Sherlock visibly bristles at the name, “but I know a hell of a lot about John Watson. If you’re worried about him changing once you’re involved, don’t.”
“God,” Sherlock moans as he releases John and falls back onto the pillow behind. “Intolerable.”
“But now…” Sherlock’s voice pulled John back to himself and the dance floor where he had been moving by rote. His eyes focused back into the here and now, and he blinked at Sherlock’s thoughtful gaze. “You may have found someone else who’s worthwhile. A reason to change.”
Obediently, Sherlock slowly raises his hands again. He fixes dark eyes on the man before him, ignoring every murderous thought that enters his mind.
The duo catches the serial killer.
Gavin? Gaston? Garrett? Greg. His name is Greg.
Sherlock closes his fingers around John’s elbow and fixes him with an earnest gaze. The next words out of his mouth are nearly ‘I love you’ and thank god, he doesn’t say them. Nothing in the world would be more awkward and John would have bolted like a frightened rabbit.
As this new Part begins, I want to thank you all for your love and support. It's already been a long and sometimes stressful undertaking (it's not over yet), and I couldn't have gotten this far without all of you. I truly hope you are enjoying this as much as I am and that you'll continue to follow my two lovable idiots as they learn to heal and live together again. I look forward to your thoughts and feelings.
I wanna make you move because you’re standing still
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know,” he says. “He was all in black with a knit cap pulled over his face.”
“Yes. Yes, it is.”
Think you got me right where you want me
And giggles!
“You’re one to talk,” Sally snorts. “Where the hell were you?”
“It’s fine.”
“Janine is in surgery?” he asks in spite of its obvious answer.
John Watson is in the building.
to be with him, but...
“My time is far too valuable to spend it with such frivolities and imbeciles,” the brunette continued with his nose wrinkled as though the steak and kidney pie had gone decidedly off.
Tune in, as I've said before, to the same Bat time, same Bat channel. :D
Moriarty to finally have John, possess John, and keep John.
(See the end of the chapter for
Don’t need nobody in my so-oh-oh-oh-ng
“I want to talk with Rosie tonight and bring her here to see him on the weekend,” he says, forcing his attention back to Mrs. Hudson.
“My...right! Right. Of course,” John looks both flustered and relieved. He leans over so his hip is easier to see, clenching his teeth in pain as he goes.
“You are so screwed,” he mumbles to himself. He studies his features for a moment and scowls. Walking into the suite’s living room, Sherlock diverges and heads for the kitchenette to pull a bottle of water from the small fridge. His phone pings with a text as he snags a bottle. He opens it and takes a drink while pulling the phone from his pocket. He knows exactly who it is. He has given him a particular ping. Greg, the bastard, noticed right away and has teased him whenever they are alone ever since. In spite of all protestations to the contrary, Greg is truly the big brother Sherlock never had.
“Oh, she was, believe me. They didn’t share a room for nine aways after that.”
A very big part.
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes at Greg’s big-brother overtones. The call ends just as the cab pulls up to the hospital. Sherlock pays the driver and walks swiftly into the building. He makes a few polite inquiries into John and Janine’s whereabouts, resisting the urge to snap at every person in his way. Taking a quick detour to stop at the hospital coffee shop, he ultimately pushes into the day of surgery waiting room. John is alone, save a couple mumbling in low tones to one another in the corner.
Sherlock asks John on another walk with the intention to propose. Who should stumble upon them? What man has tried to block Sherlock's every attempt thus far? I think you know.
Anyway, I hope you all enjoy this one. Uh-oh. I feel myself slipping into Deadpool mode. Take a little time for yourself, friends. Sit down with a cold brew, maybe a good red wine, some bonbons, or maybe just a Kit Kat. Kit Kats are good. Put on some good, soft music and just groove while you read. That's it. And if you find yourself reaching for a unicorn, we'll just keep that to ourselves. Hahahaha!
“Torch?” Sherlock’s eyes crinkle at the edges and John looks at him blankly for a moment before realizing. He smiles brilliantly before he can even think twice about it and Sherlock’s heart swells at the sight.
“Of course. Can’t say I give it much credence.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock, on the other hand, now seems to be annoyed in addition to furious. He rolls his eyes again while John stands fixed to the spot and studies him. Clearly frustrated, Sherlock steps forward and tries to muscle his way to the door, but John has none of it. After another try to no avail, the coach backs up with a long and angry sigh, and glares at John with his hands on his hips.
John stares Sherlock down for a few seconds, but not with piercing eyes or an angry expression. The paramedic gives a reluctant nod of concession and then Sherlock turns all of his attention to John. They gaze at one another for what seems like a long time until John sighs, shoulders relaxing a fraction.
“Yes.”
Sherlock reveals his theory on casseroles.
“Do you have a friend like that?” Sherlock asks and then wonders if it was wise when John looks at him with shining eyes.
“You’re going to visit Molly as soon as we get back?” John’s voice is quiet and gentle. Sherlock gazes at him and they slowly become the only two people on earth. The hotel room falls away. In fact, the whole hotel full of people no longer exists as Sherlock finds and catalogs every hue of blue in John’s eyes. And a fleck of dark brown in only the left one.
Sherlock sits at his desk, his eyes wide and focused on the screen of his laptop. He is making notes on a new play, but his fingers have inexplicably stopped moving. He stares right at the words, the cursor blinking behind the last one and yet, he sees nothing. His mind, that should be filled with skaters on the track dodging this way and that, bringing his plan to life in his thoughts, is awash with John Watson instead.
John’s eyes bounced to Sherlock’s lips for a brief moment and his gut clenched. Before he could beat himself up for blatantly flirting, their eyes locked and he saw the answer in Sherlock’s before he heard the confirmation in his words.
“He was a fool,” John all but whispers, shaking his head. His expression is soft and his eyes look almost sad. Sherlock’s stomach flips again and much more dramatically than usual. He only just hides his astonishment from the doctor. To that end, he rushes on before John has a chance to notice and before Sherlock can think much about what it could all mean.
I am totally blown away by the reaction to this work. I cannot believe all the kudos and kind comments. You all are amazing. With friends like you, I'll keep writing Johnlock forever! It warms my heart to know what joy it brings to others. It truly does. Thank you, all of you, for your love and support and encouragement. I treasure the lot of you.
John’s angry voice and clipped words draw his attention to the argument taking place at his side. He listens to every word the paramedic says, every justification for John to go with them to the hospital, all while John shoots back refusal after refusal. Apparently, John is much like Sherlock in that way. He certainly doesn’t mind visiting Ford Hospital when one of the ladies is laid up, but he detests going for his own treatment. Nevertheless, John must go to the hospital. Sherlock presses his lips into a tight line and moves in closer to the doctor.
Sherlock drops his face into his hands and sighs.
Don't worry, my friends. I won't leave you hanging for long. I'm already editing Part 3. It looks like I may have done the same thing with the chapters as this one, so I'm not even sure how long it is. I may have actually edited all of chapter 1 already and just don't know it yet. Ha! In any case, I'm plugging away and will try to post soon. Also, be warned. Some of the tags are going to change and I'll be adding warnings as part of the chapter summaries.
“You’re my flatmate, Sherlock, the love of my life. Of course we talk about you.”
Thanks so much for all the awesome input on the first chapter! I love reading all your thoughts and seeing what you think might be ahead for our Boys. Thank you all for being readers too. I know I keep saying this, but you all mean the world to me. I just can't believe all the positive responses and hits and fans each part has gotten. I never expected this and I owe it all to you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
“Anyway, no one on the short list could make it, so here I am,” Greg grinned and gave a slight bow, “at your service, m’lud.”
(Okay. How wrong is it to mix Marvel and DC? Anybody?) LOL
Greg’s eyes dart to meet Sherlock’s. The thin man is on the edge of his seat, elbows perched on his knees and fingers joined beneath his chin. The position makes his limbs look impossibly long. The skates on his feet don’t help either. Unable to stop himself, Greg rolls his eyes and returns his gaze to Mrs. Hudson.
As trite as it may sound, I mean that as much as I mean this.. Keep your stick on the ice. We're all in this together.
“Coach?” Trixie asks in a quiet voice. He turns his gaze on the acting captain and straightens his spine.
5) Ultimately, what is going to happen next?!?! Moriarty could strike! It could be the team or John or Sherlock OH GOD, JANE! WHO?? WHAT??? HOW?? WHEN??? WHERE??? Hey, this is like grade school. Lol.
“Of course,” Sherlock bristles. “I have seen countless injuries on the track.”
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock waves him off.
“Maybe another time,” he says coyly.
That deep and shaking baritone pulls John from his horrified stupor and he rushes for Sherlock, ripping his own coat off as he goes. He beats his friend with it until the flames on his clothing are smothered. He turns his attention to the release rope, but its incendiary treatment continues fueling the flames.
“I have...an uneasy feeling,” Sherlock pauses and swallows. He should feel like an idiot, citing anything as irrational as sentiment as a basis for suspicion, but it is a feeling he cannot shake. Something is not right in Baltimore.
“No, you’re not,” John supplies. “My parents would’ve liked another child. They thought I needed a playmate, but I did fine on my own. I had a lot of friends.”
John leans forward over the back of the sofa and looks at his flatmate with a sideways smile. Sherlock glances at him with narrowed eyes.
“An erogenous zone, my…JESUS CHRIST!” John gasps, his hands suddenly clutching at the sofa. Sherlock skillfully leans across John’s body and seals their mouths together. His tongue immediately winds around his flatmate’s, tastes and breaths mingling. Both men feel like they have been kept out of heaven until this very moment and sigh into one another.
And we're back. I know it's been a little while. I hope you aren't all vexed by the wait. Speaking of which, I want to add that we'll be on the move for Thanksgiving. I'm hoping to keep editing and posting, but I can't make any promises.
“Erm…well, I rather thought after this morning…after what I did...and said...” he pauses awkwardly, waving his hand in a rather general way as if hoping it will somehow clarify his meaning. John raises his brows in question and Sherlock sighs in frustration. “I know when I’ve been dismissed.”
“Oh, please. There is no redeemable value in those travesties. Their only credit is Dame Judi Dench, and even she was killed off.”
“And once inside, she exposed herself.”
John’s head snapped up, his wide eyes immediately finding a lone figure standing across the street. The corners of John’s mouth quirked up, his foul mood instantly lifted. The tall man in the swooshy coat was unmistakable. John felt light and his heart soared, even as his throat closed. He could not seem to get a word out, so he just stood there grinning like an idiot. He watched as Sherlock made a few quick deductions and scowled.
John flounders and then jerks hard to one side. Unfortunately, he tips right over the edge of the couch and brings Sherlock with him. His back thuds onto the floor loudly, the taller man thumping down on top of him.
“John, you’re here,” Jim said in a pleased tone that would have fooled anyone else, but not John. Jim leaned in for a kiss, but John turned his head and angled away. Jim frowned and then shook it off, resuming his typical swagger. “Greg wasn’t sure he’d seen you.”
“So,” John casts his gaze on Mycroft pleasantly enough, “why don’t you tell me who the fuck you are and what you want.”
“Oh? Hasn’t Mrs. Hudson taken good care of you?” he teases, casting a mischievous grin at the older woman.
“It’s not,” John persists. “I wasn’t thinking of you. I wasn’t thinking at all.”
It's here, my friends! And not a moment too soon. I don't know why, but this Part has been harder to edit than it should be. Sorry, y'all. No summary, no spoilers.
“I can see why you like it.” Suddenly music starts playing and John jumps back, standing straight. “And, oh my god, they’re singing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And stay tuned for Persistence: Part 2!
Sherlock’s fork stops half way to his mouth and he raises his eyes to meet John’s. The moment hovers thickly in the air between them. Sherlock cannot tear his eyes from his colleague’s face. The doctor looks content and relaxed, his eyes full of admiration. Sherlock clears his throat and shrugs his shoulders.
“Bender!” Budreau barks at another officer on the boat. “Take the helm and follow side by side to the marina.”
“Like what?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow curiously. John furrows his brow, crinkling his forehead and looking adorable.
The keys of his laptop click away as John types some notes on Witch Hazel, or Anthea, as her parents call her. She had sprained her toe just after the day’s practice. It is John’s fourth week with the team and the ladies are gearing up for the first bout of the season. Hits are harder, skates roll faster, and the chance for injury is growing. Although, and much to her chagrin, Anthea’s injury is not the result of skating. Sherlock had called practice, gathered everyone for the post-practice huddle and then sent them off to clean up. Anthea had the misfortune of slamming her foot into one of the stadium seats. When she kicked it. She was pissed off about something and chose to express herself in an usual and unwise way, as it turned out. In fact, it was the first time John had seen her express any emotion. She typically has her nose buried in her mobile and gives one word answers to every question.
Sherlock has an epiphany.
“This one could be deeper,” Sherlock mutters nearly to himself, as he grabs one of the hand towels and presses it against the wound. John inhales sharply, but does not flinch.
Thank you all for reading and loving. We're almost there! Persistence pays off. :D hahahahahaha. Sad, I know.
“Damn it, Sherlock,” John huffs, “if I’d been there... If I had joined up I could have saved him. If I’d just been there. I’ve...I’ve never been able to shake that.”
1. Sadly, the good doctors are correct and the threat has not passed, but who will be the next victim?? Da da daaaa!
I can’t help falling in love with you
So true, funny how it seems always in time, but never in line for dreams
“Your concerns are unfounded,” he replies petulantly. “I have been sleeping, as you can see.” He flashes a fake smile. “Now you can go.”
“But reporting the incident is still a good idea. Better to have it on record in case…”
Omg, Jane, you are so mean! Poor John! Poor Sherlock! Haha. You are not wrong. My Empress of Evil shirt is literally in the mail as we speak. Hopefully, I’ll be wearing it as I post next week. That is my dream. Now, I know what you're saying. "Okay, Jane, okay. We got it, but will you be posting something just as gut-wrenching? And will there be any sandwiches?"
It's a short chapter, but it packs a punch.
Love, Jane
“They wanted to get rid of you and bring Anderson in,” he says as a piece clicks into place.
“They were hit on patrol and pinned down for hours,” he sounds distant and still stares straight ahead. He looks as though he can somehow visualize the scene, like he was the lone witness who could do nothing. Sherlock inhales sharply when John’s elbow leans into his touch with all its weight. He can feel John’s pain as acutely as if it is his own. John finally looks at him with watery eyes haunted by sorrow and guilt.
“Yep. They’re setting the tibia and repairing the ankle. Should be finished in an hour or so,” John turns his head to face him. “Did we win the match-up?”
He was in love with Sherlock Holmes.
“Okay then,” Greg announces from the ladder as the police boat approaches the opposite side. Their weapons are drawn and they demand that everyone stay still. Greg turns to look at them, raising one hand slowly and gesturing at Moriarty with the other. “We’ve got your man right here. There’s another one somewhere in the drink.”
“Trust me.”
Unfortunately, Mycroft agreed with Greg that they do not have enough evidence to prove anything and that it would be useless to go to the police. Plus, that would only alert Moriarty to their suspicions. Instead, Mycroft enlisted the help of a few friends on the force who could look into Moriarty’s activities without being noticed. There had been no news thus far and with no further attempts on anyone, Sherlock and the others must simply maintain the holding pattern. Something will happen soon enough and they must all be ready for it, but the frustration of waiting becomes more and more evident, especially in his new roommate.
Deadpool style!
Then he realizes his own hand still rests on John’s, warm and soft, and for much longer than is normal for friends. He grins uncharacteristically foolishly, hoping it will distract John while he slowly slides it off. The doctor just chuckles quietly and says nothing. Sherlock chastises himself in his mind for being such an idiot. Is this what love does to him? He clenches his jaw irritably. No. He was never like this with Victor. This is what John does to him.
“John,” Sherlock whispers. It is nearly inaudible, but John sighs his response and Sherlock knows he has heard. Sherlock wets his parted lips and gathers the courage to continue quietly, hesitantly. “John, I…thought I’d lose you.”
I absolutely LOVE the comments I have received so far. You are all awesome!
“Sherlock,” Greg growls in warning.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Still… It’s your bed, Sherlock. You shouldn’t have to give it up for me.” John watches with soft eyes as Sherlock shrugs dismissively. He continues hesitantly, not quite meeting the detective’s eyes. “Maybe we shouldn’t talk about cases in your room.”
“Stupid?” John’s voice is hushed. “Oh no.”
“I hope Italian is all right. Now’s your last chance to protest.”
There are many, many more, but I'll just finish up with this.
2) Will #32 try try to get Harry again before Rock City leaves town?
And so I take my leave. Stay safe and keep your stick on the ice. We're all in this together. (*sigh* I already miss hockey.)
* What can they do to help Greg and will they be able to do so in time? (In time for what, Jane? Mwahahahaha! Don't you wish you knew?)
“I could be your boyfriend,” Sherlock’s deep voice halted John’s mind completely.
“Great. Let’s do it soon, and often,” he replies pleasantly. “I’ll see you at practice tomorrow.”
to explain how you know all that,” John nearly growled, “but later. Do someone else now.”
“I…” he begins in a hushed tone. “I should go.”
“That is hardly due to discussing cases with you. Or even you being in my bed. My brain doesn’t just turn off. I leave my room in favor of working quite often. You know that.”
“I don’t know. What
Sherlock pulls the towel from his face and opens his eyes, brow furrowed. He presses his lips together, shaking his head and hanging up the towel. He is still so far gone on John Watson, despite his efforts to stop himself. All of which have been fruitless, he might add. Sherlock puts his hands on his hips and gives his reflection a very unamused look.
Wow. Moriarty is a bitch when he's angry. I know I'm really sticking it to my poor John. It's not because I don't love him. John is my absolute favorite character. Like I've said before, he's the sassy man version of me. With great challenge comes great strength. John's trials are my own exploration of strength and John Watson always comes out kicking ass. It looks pretty bleak now, but this too shall pass. The dawn coming our way. But beware for the darkest hour.
“Of course, John. I’ll see you there,” Sherlock says with a silent sigh of relief.
John narrows his eyes and exhales a steady breath. To Sherlock’s surprise, John remains silent instead of arguing or simply telling him to mind his own fucking business. After a moment of waiting, Sherlock decides this is far worse than shouting. The air is thick with John’s anger and the weight of anticipation is overwhelming. Sherlock’s lips part, placations at the ready, but he remains quiet when John’s features transform right before his eyes. The hard lines soften and his muscles relax.
“Yes…” Sherlock prompts him softly.
“I know, John,” Sherlock places his free hand comfortingly on John’s knee. “Bill’s death was a tragedy to be sure. But if you hadn’t been in London for the people you have saved before and after it,
“What was it?” John asks after puffing out an almost flustered breath. “What did they use?”
The dream, and marriage, ended in 1987 when Mr. Hudson was arrested for larceny, embezzlement, drug and sex trafficking, and murder. Some of his crimes were directly related to the team and some not. For her part, Mrs. Hudson testified against him and sealed his fate with a smile on her face. After her husband’s conviction, Mrs. Hudson spent the next six years doing everything in her power to rid Rock City of disgrace. She fired everyone on staff and dismissed every team member proven to be willingly involved. With the rubbish cleared out, she rebuilt from the ground up. She slowly re-established her own reputation and the team’s along with it. When she finished what had once seemed impossible, she was finally in a position to attract talented newcomers again. One such young upstart was Gregory Lestrade.
“The last two nights,” John pauses and Greg’s brows dart up in expectation, his face exuding impatience, “a man in a mask has tried to kill me.”
3. Will accidents start happening when the season begins and, once again, who will be the next victim? Seems they should all watch their backs.
Alone in his upstairs bedroom the night before as he listened to slow, sad violin music drift up from below, John had resolved to speak with Sherlock first thing in the morning. That plan came to a crashing halt when Sherlock greeted him with new information on the location of a flat Moriarty had recently occupied. They grabbed their coats and left immediately.
If Sherlock isn't going to take Mycroft's advice, how is he going to protect himself from John?
I also want to apologize for the delay in getting this chapter out. I had planned it all out and someone nearly broke her arm over the weekend. Turns out that can change the best laid plans in a heartbeat. Go figure.
Well, there may not be as many DP questions at the end of this one because it was a rather peaceful departure from the madness of my (as it would seem) usual chapter. Although, I maintain that if you go back you will discover more non-violent chapters than you expect. They just aren't as memorable. I swear I remember this work having more sex in it that it has had to this point. Arg! I will admit that I did cut one for sure. I remember reading it while editing and thinking, "No. No, they wouldn't do that here. Not now." So, I apologize, but if I'd left it in you would have been saying the same thing.
I came to party on my oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-wn
Sherlock stares at him, expectant and annoyed. He even jerks his head forward to punctuate the unspoken addition.
Fear not, friends, he’ll get there. Even-tu-ally. Haha. You know it won't happen so easily. That is simply not the way I work. Do not doubt that I am still the Mistress of Villainy. Mwahahahaha!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” John answers with a shrug, almost numbly. He huffs a laugh and angles his head to gesture at the blanket still on his shoulders. “She says I’m in shock.”
“Shh,” the doctor shushes him, squeezing his hands. “You knew that wouldn’t happen. You had Greg in the water. You knew he’d find me.”
They arrive at Krispin’s Diner nearly an hour later, colonially themed and larger than one normally expects a diner to be. Perfect for their over-sized group. They are able to get tables fairly close together, in spite of the busy night. The evening passes nicely enough as they all eat, joke and laugh. Unfortunately, the opportunity to talk through the bout does not arise, much to Sherlock’s chagrin. However, there is a restaurant in the hotel and he intends to speak with John once they are there. It might be better to do it alone anyway.
“Honestly?” John sighs when the man nods. “I don’t know what to think. He’s so easy to talk to and it makes me feel like I’ve known him my whole life. Then he’s cold and distant and would rather do anything but talk to me. He avoids me at practices and basically ignores me at meetings. He’s a fantastic coach though and boy, can he skate. He’s amazing.”
“Sherlock,” John sighs, “when you woke in hospital the first thing you said was that Moriarty purposefully failed to kill you. That he’s trying to make a point.”
And there you have it! That Part is done. I was just telling one of my readers how much I love this chapter. It tickles me. The interactions between the boys are perfect to my way of thinking and I laugh every time I read them. The image of John putting his hand over Sherlock's mouth and telling him, in no uncertain terms, that he is going to tell him exactly what he wants to know is so easy to conjure in my mind. I can just see Freeman and Cumberbatch in those roles and god, it's so funny. I hope you all enjoy these images too.
“Yeah, the one you hate talking to,” sighing in frustration, “If you hate his interference so much, why do you let him control you?”
“Sherlock, please don’t go.”
John frowned into his empty glass as if it held all the answers of the universe. Forty-two, as they say. He let out a short chuckle with a slight shake of his head and then a sigh as he turned his stool to look back out at the sea of dancers. Deep in thought, he was not really looking at anything at all until his eyes came into focus on a pair of ethereal blue ones staring back at him. John blinked in surprise and jerked his head back as if burnt. The stare belonged to a tall, impossibly sexy brunette who demanded space in the massive throng of heaving, shifting bodies. He danced like his body was possessed by the music itself. His limbs and movements appeared graceful, elegant and effortless in spite of the speed and vulgarity of the hip hop track that filled the air. His white shirt glowed in the blacklight above him, drawing more attention to the V of his neckline that was nothing less than a delicious, scandalous temptation where two buttons left undone exposed his pale throat. His black jeans hugged every sharp edge as well as the curve of an ass that had no right to be as plush as it was for a thin frame such as his.
“A surgeon, in fact and a skilled one at that. You consult with patients, who appreciate your bedside manner, but are also the first they call for emergencies,” Sherlock paused, looking more comfortable and resolute. He pressed on. “As a result, you spend a great deal of time at the hospital. St. Bart’s.”
The doctor pads to the sofa in stocking feet and stands for a moment, just watching his flatmate. God, he’s gorgeous. Pale skin and ridiculous cheekbones, angular face and firm physique. He isn’t as thin as he used to be. John assumes it is from having regular meals with Rosie and perhaps age, a slowing metabolism. Lord knows the man himself hasn’t actually slowed at all, nor has his mind. He is as brilliant as ever. John smiles down at him softly, wishing he could run his fingers through those luscious curls and touch the full lips with his own.
“Yes,” but then John back peddles, “unless you have plans.”
4. Why is Sherlock being so moody around John and avoiding him so much? (I think we all know that answer to that one. wink wink nudge nudge say no more)
“You said the gunfire held them down. You would’ve been shot if you tried to get to him. Even if you had been right next to him, you may not have been able to control the bleeding. He may have still bled out.”
John and Jim have a chat.
“You really are brilliant,” John said sincerely. He bit his lip as he watched Sherlock’s face slip from one expression to another. It was not the best thing to say and John had meant to say Sherlock’s deductions were brilliant, but he could not take it back and part of him did not want to.
“I assist the police when they are out of their depth, which is always,” Sherlock answered, growing quite serious. “I am a Consulting Detective.”
A few months in, they began staying the night in one another’s flats, but did not even think about moving in together. John could not explain why, and Jim had asked regularly, but he was not ready for such a big step. It was something that would truly bind them together and John was not certain he wanted that. Two years later, John was out of school and already a skilled surgeon. Jim had climbed the ranks quickly and now owned his own construction company. Then Sebastian Moran came into the picture. Jim had hired him as an assistant. It was a typical occurrence for John to put in late nights or be called in for emergencies, but then Jim started working late too. John thought nothing of it at first, but it did not take long to figure it out. In spite of his somewhat jealous nature, John said nothing. It was easier to let it go and just make excuses to Jim about why he could not stay nights at John’s flat.
“Fine.”
“Oh.”
He stops abruptly and pulls back again. His hands hold onto John’s shoulders, but now his face is tight with apprehension and regret.
John Watson is in love with his flatmate and he wants him to know it, but how to tell him? Perhaps the perfect time will arise over the holidays. As ever, Mycroft gets in the way.
Thank you and love to you all. Jane
That was all Moriarty had gotten out of his mouth before Sherlock hit him and the same white hot fury streams through his veins now. Sherlock yanks Moriarty onto his back by his lapels and throws a leg over his body to make sure he stays down.
(See the end of the chapter for
NO! WHAT?! NO!!
This is the sound
“Suppose he gets bored with stringing us along. Suppose he chooses not to fail.”
What the fuck is he going to do now? It was one thing when it was just an attraction. He can live with suppressing an attraction, but love? With someone he works with and sees every day? Someone he is friends with? If he takes this chance as Molly suggested and it ends like Victor, he will have nothing to fall back on. Derby and skating, his very life blood, will remind him of John.
Sherlock on the dance floor with his long, elegant limbs and swaying hips. Such amazing hips. He could move like no one John had seen in real life and it was captivating. Lithe and smooth, every step and swoop and shift in perfect alignment with the music. Sherlock effortlessly danced to any song or genre and Greg’s DJs liked to mix it up too. From hip hop to techno via pop or the 80s. They were even known to throw in slow songs so patrons could relive their high school prom nights. Jim always wrapped his arms around John and snuffled into his neck during those songs. John had tried to do the same, but his heart was never in it, especially during the last few months.
“You can do that?” John stopped walking in shock. Sherlock stopped a pace ahead and turned to look at the doctor.
“Did you notice it happening more or less during a certain part of the season? Or in certain places?”
was a good idea? After all he had told himself about getting hurt, of John not feeling the same way? But why had he said don’t when Sherlock tried to get up? God, he must find some way to salvage this. He cannot bear to lose their friendship. He cannot lose John. It would be like… No, it would be nothing like losing Victor. It would be exponentially worse. A piece of his own heart ripped from his chest, never to return, and what a piss poor job he has done protecting it.
Why does John never answer when Sherlock asks him? (I mean, except that one time and it totally makes sense why he said no.)
I hope you aren't disappointed that I skipped over the actual watery rescue and flight off the island. It isn't as important to my way of thinking than John waking up, or he and Sherlock being reunited, for that matter. Reading through this for edits made my heart melt. The two of them finally meeting eyes, talking to one another... They had to kiss. They just had to. They are my two pieces who fit together perfectly and everything is falling into place again. I hope you all love this chapter as much as I do.
“And my doctor,” Sherlock ignores the interruption, “you are obligated to help me relax, by your own admission.”
“God, I’m so tired of doing this every night,” John had said one evening, just after walking in the door. “I wish I could just come straight home and relax.”
“Yeah,” the word was out of John’s mouth before he could even think. “Yes, please. I’d love it.”
Good god! A seemingly innocent character is introduced and turns out to be a psycho killer?? Jane, isn't this a bit old hat for you? LOL. I know you're thinking it, but we're talking about Sherlock and John here. Murder and mayhem are the spice of life. And sex. Really, really good sex. Hmm. A hint at what's to come??? Come. Bahahaha! Oh, I'm feeling sassy tonight and maybe a little naughty.
“Dig back in your files,” he turns to Sherlock.
“Who shot at you, John?” Sherlock asks without preamble. He pins the doctor with such an intense glower that John cannot possibly look away or avoid the question. His smile fades.
You just never know.
Sherlock pushes open the door to his hotel room, key card in his mouth, a bag in one hand and a garment bag flung over his shoulder. His dark curls are all askew and one falls onto his forehead, nearly into his eye as he stumbles his way into the suite. He blows it off his face only to have it drop right back down and barges head-long into the bedroom.
“I should have stayed this morning,” he says quietly, still not turning his head to face the taller man. “We should’ve talked and that’s my fault.”
“Yes, something like that,” Sherlock chuckles and, before he knows it, John has joined in his revelry. John continues talking a moment later, taking on a more serious tone.
“So you have been paying attention in practice,” Sherlock smirks.
Some of these questions and many others will be answered in the next chapter of Knickerbocker's Yolanda the Famous Chicken. Tune into the same bat time, same bat channel.
“No,” John shook his head, still holding the amber and ice-filled glass out over the bar where Greg had handed it to him. “Not Sally. No way. You’re having me on.”
Sherlock glares, his lips in a thin line. Moriarty shrugs in response.
Sherlock knew John had heard different theories from most of the ladies. HardOn’s rendition was the most colorful, as one would expect. Sally’s would be the most accurate. She was there after all, but she had declined to offer an explanation out of respect for her coach. Sherlock had never told anyone what had actually transpired, always dodging the questions with declarations of reps or laps, but John had been nothing but honest with him at their dinner at Angelo’s. His face hid nothing and his obvious pleasure in Sherlock’s company had gotten the better of the coach, as it so often does.
“And many more lives saved,” Greg reached over the bar to pat John’s shoulder. “You’re a credit to the profession.”
3. Will there be another attempt on John's life?
Sherlock rolls his eyes. The conversation is unbearable. What Greg said is one of the lamest covers he has ever tried to pull off and John doesn’t believe a word of it. Thank god he has decided to spare Sherlock and not press the point. Instead of advancing on Greg to find out exactly what he meant, John steps away and reaches for the door.
(Why do so many of the characters want to get Moriarty and put him in the ground? Ha. Any wonder.)
“We turned and skated as fast as we could,” Sherlock laughs, “covered with paint and cotton candy.”
“I was not suggesting that you couldn’t,” Sherlock looks at him evenly. He narrows his eyes. “But you do not have all of the data.”
Here we go, my friends. I'll see you on the other side.
“Can’t really blame her, love,” Clara Hell on Wheels teases with a flirtatious grin and a glance at HardOn’s posterior.
“Sherlock.”
I think I can hear you all yelling one by one somewhere in the distance as you reach the end of the chapter. Needless to say, Sherlock is in quite a pickle this time. What's Giles going to do when he realizes he's taken someone who looks like Ben, but isn't him? Does not look good for Sherlock. Nope, not at all.
Would it be a sin?
It's here! The last chapter. AHHH!
“Sherlock,” John says in a calm voice that even surprises him.
“I’m inclined to agree, but won’t know until you clean it up,” John’s voice is tight. “It hasn’t stopped bleeding. Could need stitches. You up for this?”
* Or exact revenge?
“Can’t happen again? Why the hell…” his eyes narrowing, “You’ve been talking to Mycroft. Or maybe he’s been talking at you.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says quickly with a cringe. “I shouldn’t have said that. A bit not good?”
Sherlock’s face adopts an expression that screams ‘Really, John? Really?’. He lowers his narrowed eyes a moment and then gives John a sardonic smile.
Here's your chapter before the weekend, as promised. I don't know what time it is where all of you are, but it isn't quite midnight here so this totally counts. i hope you like this one. A a couple of parts really tugged at my heart strings. I think you know which ones.
“Get started with drills.”
“Can we talk now?” he tests the waters. Greg inhales deeply and gestures with his hand.
Sherlock keeps his icy gaze on the older woman, pointedly ignoring Greg. Mrs. Hudson herself just looks at them both fondly. She has never made a secret of the fact that she views them as the sons she never had. Greg holds the place of firstborn - polite, responsible, authoritative. Sherlock is the little brother who will always be quietly satisfied that he is taller. He is just as responsible and an excellent coach, but is also petulant, disagreeable and a bit of a shit. Both men are friendly and talented and won over Mrs. Hudson nearly the moment she met them. Martha is nothing if not an excellent judge of character. It’s like a sixth sense and she prides herself on it, so how she failed to notice Anderson’s complete lack of ethics is beyond her.
Sherlock’s face pulled itself together as if John had told him to bathe in the Thames for the foreseeable future. A smile instantly appeared on John’s face and he huffed a quick laugh as he watched the man before him.
2. Will Sherlock play nice when he and John meet?
“This is a hired bus and yet, you know the driver?” John replies, making no effort to hide his smile.
Their server suddenly appears, earning him a glare from Sherlock. But he bites his tongue and hands the young man his picked-over salad. Sherlock finds himself excited to continue, which is odd because he doesn’t usually offer information about himself to others. This whole conversation is odd. It is like talking to Molly, only different somehow. He cannot quite put his finger on it. It is certainly just as comfortable as talking to her.
is BACK....
“We cuff everyone,” he reasserts.
“What did you do?”
“She entered under the guise of some injury.”
With a smile on his face, Sherlock turns to the kit and begins rifling through its contents for the strips. He knows he has seen them before and is certain he has never used them. Just as he sees them, his hands slow to a stop and eyes lose their focus, as he stares blankly at the kit. John’s wounds are from bullets grazing his body. Sherlock has seen examples just like them in the medical books he studied while Anderson was the team doctor. He wouldn’t trust that man to place a band-aid on a scrape, much less execute decent stitches. Sherlock had felt more secure knowing he could step in, or at least watch to make sure as little was bungled as possible.
“My what?”
“Does that surprise you? Do I not seem the marrying kind?”
All of these questions and more will be answered when you do as your favorite characters do.
“That is a great idea. I’ll have to remember that,” John nods, making a mental note.
The next long awaited chapter of Finding John Watson is here. --in which John and Rosie meet.
Goddamn if they aren’t the sweetest boys in all the world.
And now, because there has been banter and because the way this Part ends it could easily be the end.
“I’ll do my best,” John laughs from his own seat in the front.
The sound of shrill sirens fills the air and a megaphoned voice demands that arms be raised, hands visible, and it is clear that the cavalry has arrived. Greg’s face lightens and he huffs a laugh.
girlfriend, but Greg steps in quickly and interrupts the coach before he can get a word in. The man clearly knows him too well.
“No,” Sherlock rushes to say before trying for a more casual tone. “I mean, nothing specific.”
(See the end of the chapter for
So, Question Time!
“It’s delightful,” he smiles. He might have said more, but their server interrupts to give them menus and tell them about the specials. A moment later finds Sherlock studying John rather unabashedly as the doctor scans the menu. He would stop, but John does not seem to notice.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, papa,” HardOn quips as heads begin to drop, the skaters finding their seats. She casts a glance at John and jokes. “Don’t let him tell you what to do, Ph.D. Keep him in line.”
A CASE! An honest to god case!!
p.s. My apologies for all the swears.  ;D
Sherlock’s breath hitched and he pulled back to steady his gaze on John. The doctor’s grip tightened slightly in response as if determined to keep the man right where he stood.
Greg notices something different about Sherlock.
Boy, you can cool it dow-ow-ow-ow-ow-own
2. Will/when he admit it to John?
Sherlock to be with John, to help him heal, to finally get Moriarty.
“Jesus Christ.” The words slip through his lips in a gravelly, desperate whisper.
A big thank you to all of you for the love and support. Your comments are priceless and honestly help me when I'm editing new chapters. A special thanks to my good friend PatPrecieux. Without knowing it, you have prompted me to pay close attention to a certain relationship, one that I overlooked when I first wrote this saga. <3
“Of course not.”
I hope you all enjoyed the chapter, and that notifications are working again. Personally, I have my doubts. Please keep checking up on this because I'll still be posting. If you think it's been good so far, stick around. It gets even better. (infamous brow waggle) At least, that's my humble opinion.
office,” John nearly shouts. “
Hello, my friends. I'm sorry it's been such a long time and I've been just awful about answering comments. There's a lot of shit going on in my life right now. Haha. I need to get myself back on a posting schedule. Anyway...
He should have dove in to look for John himself. He saw him go in, so it stands to reason that it would be easier for Sherlock to find him in the murky depths. God, it’s a terrible plan and not knowing what is happening beneath the water is unbearable. He has to put an end to this wretched little man as quickly as possible and help Greg look for John.
“Papa!” she exclaims, wrapping her arms around his leg. “I missed you so much!”
“It’s fine. It’s fine. Just come with me,” Sherlock takes hold of the hand on John’s uninjured arm and guides him through the condo.
Suddenly feeling as though he may burst into a million pieces if he doesn’t cover John as completely as he can and shield him from harm, Sherlock rests his head on John’s thigh. He still holds one hand and wraps his other arm around the smaller man’s body, holding him tightly.
“You best your ass, Coach,” HardOn answers boisterously, Hella raising her head again with a grin. “Ph.D.’s the best of the best. We don’t keep him on just for his body, after all.”
He jerked their hands down to their sides, pulling Sherlock into his personal space and fixed him with a smoldering gaze.
“Yeah, when have I had the chance?” John snaps back, but with little venom. “It needs stitches.”
John is in the kitchen, lingering around until his tea is done. He glances toward the sitting room and is reminded that today is a break day. Craning his neck to listen, he catches a word here and there in different voices. Sherlock must be watching telly. Removing the bag from his mug, he sets off, glancing at Sherlock as he walks through. He stops as soon as he is out of the room and blinks in confusion. He slowly turns his head back toward the doorway and stops again, looking back into the room. Sherlock has either not noticed or is ignoring him. Truly unable to help himself, John walks back in and stands behind the sofa, sipping his tea. Sherlock is slouched down in the chair and only his curls are visible from the back. John watches the screen for a moment. He sips from his mug again.
“Jenkins!” the sergeant calls over to the officer on the police boat. “You got the man from the water?”
I want to thank you all again for the love and support you have given. It has been truly amazing and inspired me to keep posting as quickly as I can. (Which has meant a chapter a day for 3 or 4 days at times. I hope no one is too bothered by that.) Believe it or not, I have actually made some changes based upon your comments. All of which, I believe have made this fic better. Thanks much and keep 'em coming. :)
Sherlock places his left hand on John’s bicep to hold him steady and touches the wet gauze to the wound right at the curve of his shoulder. The skin around John’s eyes tightens slightly as he watches the gentle ministrations clean away blood to reveal an angry dip where the skin was split open and the muscle marred.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s face sours immediately, the mood completely shattered. He sneers and untangles himself from their embrace, pushing passed John.
“We’re in this together, yeah?” he says simply, leaning across the table. He looks at Sherlock so intently that Sherlock tips his head to the side, almost in wonder. “You, Greg, me, we’re working together to pull this off and protect the team. Now it’s just the two of us and I can’t help if I don’t have all the pieces. I
John’s rebuttal always outlined every last way in which they were, in fact, not at all the same.
There is a long silence. Sherlock is just beginning to think he should have kept his mouth shut when John’s lips turn up at the ends. It is a subtle movement, one he almost did not detect, but it is there nonetheless. John places his hand over Sherlock’s where it still rests on his knee. Sherlock’s stomach flips and his brows bounce up to reach the curls on his forehead.
“I would do anything for you, John,” he replies after a few seconds. John looks at him, that ghost of a smile still on his face. He pulls away the elbow Sherlock has been touching throughout the conversation and extends it until his hand is resting on the coach’s bicep. A shiver surges through Sherlock’s body and he is sure John feels it too because his smile widens slightly.
Love to you all and please continue to give your support. It means so very much.
Greg’s torso lurches forward just a bit, his shoulders hunching as he bites back the bark of laughter threatening to burst from his mouth. He coughs a little, clearing his throat, trying to cover. Sherlock gives him a pointed look, clearly not buying it. Greg recovers quickly and glances from one to the other as they stare each other down.
“Janine will like hearing that,” John grins. They both chuckle quietly, an edge of tiredness to the sound. John sighs and looks at Sherlock, leaning his temple against the wall. “It’s going to be at least two or three hours before I’ll be able to see her, depending on how quickly she wakes from anesthesia. You don’t have to stay.”
Omg, Jane! OMG, you are vicious! I know, friends, I know. How can I keep you waiting a whole week to see what happens? Evil. Pure and simple. I know I should say more, but I’m just going to leave you all with your thoughts and theories and move right on to Question Time.
So, on with the story. The shit’s finally hitting the fan and John just went over the side of The Crown. Aahhhhh, JAWN! Save him, Sherlock! SAVE HIM! (Don't you fuck with us, Jane. Save our John Watson.)
“John?” Sherlock fixes him with a steel gaze.
“Shh. Relax. Stay still.”
John had come at his request because they had not had much time to themselves lately. Both of their jobs had ramped up and meeting together had become difficult. John bit the inside of his cheek in irritation as he scanned the floor. A night in the club, much as he enjoyed their usual haunt, did not mesh with his vision of ‘quality time’.
Thank you again for all your love and support! I love you all! You are the best fans a gal could ask for!
Next chapter: The boys are reunited. AH! XOXOXOXOX
“It would be wise for us to sleep in our own rooms for a time.”
Jim stared at him inquisitively. He tilted his head curiously and cocked a brow, seemingly about to speak. John cracked a mirthless smile and squeezed Jim’s shoulder.
“So long, Sherlock. I’ll give your love to John.”
“You certainly don’t have to use it on my account,” he looks across the car roof with a bright smile. “I believe the proper term for my home is condo.”
He pulls John close into a desperate kiss and then wraps his arms around his shoulders tightly.
“Oh, no, no, no. He would never do anything like that,” she shakes her head emphatically.
WTF, JANE?!? WHERE THE HELL DID THAT COME FROM?? I can hear you all asking it. The answer is that I have woven a great tapestry that comes to life in this story and it isn't over yet. (I hope you are all as excited as I.) How can I call something Persistence and cut it off at three parts? No, no, my friends. The story goes on. And because I love to do this (and because it seems very appropriate after this chapter)...
Jerking his head just in time to avoid being stuck by it, Sherlock holds tightly to the smaller man and rolls to his other side, dragging Moriarty with him and slamming him down onto the deck. With his opponent momentarily stunned after the blow, Sherlock knocks the gun from his grip and then slams his head to the deck again. A surge of adrenaline races through Sherlock’s body at the sound and he is suddenly back in time listening to Moriarty badmouthing Molly all those years ago.
“And a woman,” Sherlock adds, pulling away from John to look in their direction.
“Who were you playing?” John asks.
He shoves at Sherlock’s arm again, watching fondly as Sherlock tries to reign in his merriment. When he has finally collected himself again, he looks at John with a more serious expression. It does not last as he starts to giggle and then quickly descends into laughter again. John shoves at him a third time, making both laugh even harder.
“You put off university for Molly,” John restates in what looks like awe. Sherlock simply nods and John shakes his head with a quiet laugh. “You’re amazing.”
John and Sherlock are reunited! Film at 11.
“Evening,” John said as he approached the end of the bar.
“God, that was hard,” John said breathlessly. “Are you okay?”
And now, THE QUESTIONS! In no particular order.
“I’d love that too,” Sherlock whispers as he rests his forehead against John’s.
Sherlock feels his heart crack right down its middle. His face betrays nothing.
What the hell does that mean? Surely not what he wants them to. Why is this man so damn murky in a world that is otherwise, clear as glass? Everything and everyone so obvious and Sherlock likes it that way, but John Watson is an anomaly, an enigma he cannot quite piece together. It is absolutely infuriating and yet, everything Sherlock has ever wanted.
“It’s a film.”
“No!” John said in a choked whisper. “You didn’t.”
Hello, Everyone!!
Greg leaned in and rested his own elbow on the bar’s top as John took a quick sip from his drink. The burn as it slipped down his throat punctuated his mood. He had been in this situation many times before, waiting at the bar with Greg while his boyfriend remained absent, but John would damned if he let it ruin his evening this time. When Greg continued speaking, John made a concerted effort to improve his own disposition.
5. Will Sherlock survive living with John and will he finally "be brave" and talk to him about his feelings?
“I promise,” he smiles, leaning down to kiss her cheek. She kisses his too and smiles sleepily up at him.
“Neither does eating,” Angelo reminds knowingly. Is it Sherlock’s imagination or did John just glance at his slender frame? Probably thinks he is too thin like everyone else, Sherlock thinks as he shakes it off.
2. Will he beat the man to the condo?
(See the end of the chapter for
He kisses him again and then along his jawline to his ear. After a few good nibbles, he ducks his head down under John’s chin and snuggles up to his chest.
“Got it.”
How great is it that Jim didn't get his way, am I right? I know I've been incredibly cruel to John in this story, but I couldn't do it again. I just couldn't. He'll have enough of a PTSD relapse from just being threatened with a return to the island, much less actually being sexually assaulted again. And that doesn't even address Sherlock's feelings on the matter or the consequences.
4. Is Sherlock correct in feeling that something is rotten in the state of Baltimore? (I know it's not an actual state, but go with me on this. I love Shakespeare and had to fight with myself for the whole chapter to dance around it and not just blatantly quote the bard. I was a double major and one of those subjects was English.)
“It’s all right, Greg,” Mrs. Hudson says easily. “I expected it. I expected you’d both be angry I didn’t put it up for discussion, but I knew John Watson was the doctor for our team as soon as we were introduced. Spending so much time with him at the conference only sealed the deal.”
1) What is Sherlock going to do when John tells him he's resigning? What will he say? What CAN he say?
And now, because I HAVE to, thank you all for allowing me this extra time to craft a very cool chapter (if I do say so myself - sorry for bragging camp, but I'm really proud of this one) I didn't expect to add. Your support and patience mean the world to me. I'd have never made it this far without all of you. Thank you! I can't wait to see what you all think. Enjoy!!
...please...
Sorry, everyone, but now that I've started writing a bit of porn, I just can't stop.
They looked at one another in silence for a long moment, both gauging the other. Standing still in a sea of moving bodies.
Thank you for your patience and for all the love. I know I say that all the time, but it's so true. You all mean the world to me. I hope you love this Part as much as the previous three. I'll be posting whenever I can, so keep an eye out.
4. I hate to say this, but what if Sherlock finding the boat and joining them is ALL PART OF MORIARTY'S PLAN?!?!?!?! Mother fucking aaaahhhhrrrbbbegahhhh!
1. Is Mrs. Hudson right about their new doctor? (I think we all know the answer to that one.)
“We both finished in two years and got jobs. I started teaching at Stanford and Victor joined the family business practicing law,” Sherlock sighs in resignation at the memories. “He was expected to attend a lot of formal functions and parties, and needed someone attractive and poised on his arm. I fit the bill, but he wanted someone with no life of his own and nothing to do but help him look good. What Victor wanted was a trophy wife and I did
“And how was I to do that, hm?” Sherlock snaps. “We came straight from my place. I couldn’t very well ask him to give us a minute.”
Much love, Jane
John Watson stands in front of a quaint house wondering what the fuck he’s doing there. It’s been two weeks since his first day in the stadium. Fourteen days since he spoke with Molly Hooper about her suspicions. It has been in the back of his mind ever since as he has read medical records in his office, spoken to the skaters in the exam and training rooms, and even while making dinner or reading a book in his flat. It is especially on his mind while he watches the ladies practice and god, he cannot believe how hard they hit on the track. He has seen hockey players crumple under hits like these and they are covered with pads. Frankly, John is surprised there are not more injuries throughout the year, especially since these are only the practices.
Sherlock straightens and removes the gauze, and his hand, from John’s hip. The angry mark on his skin looks so hateful, marring what is otherwise a gorgeous landscape. Sherlock clears his throat and looks at John, nodding toward the wound.
John’s laughter died in his throat. He looked at Sherlock in shock and Sherlock thought his chin might actually hit the floor.
I love Sherlock and John in this one. Sherlock is so uncertain at times and then full of resolve. He loves John so much and makes it clear he will do anything for him, and to help him. Likewise with John trying to keep Sherlock from doing more than he's ready for. And their kissing and snuggling. They're adorable. Suffice it to say, I am full of warm fuzzies.
In the meantime, what d'you think? I'd love to read your thoughts, but can't reach out into the ether and find them on my own. Go ahead. It's the comments section right at the bottom. Right there - you can see it. (Haha. Okay, so I guess the smartassery of Deadpool hasn't worn its way out of my personality yet.
Greg stops all movement and stares at John, first like he hadn’t heard him and then like he has two heads. He blinks once and leans forward slightly.
“Many times,” Sherlock grabs a napkin and fishes a pen from his breast pocket. He starts to draw a diagram of the track and team boxes, the spectator areas, every detail he can think of. He looks up to John when finished to see him already studying the diagram closely.
“They are the only family he’s ever known,” Sherlock replies, rolling his eyes and then adding. “Aside from the reindeer.”
The case continues and things take a surprising turn.
and he had meant Sherlock’s condo.
Sherlock is looking away and rising to his feet, desperately wishing this conversation would end. He picks up a sterile bandage packet and tears it open, swiftly putting the bandage in place. It surprises John enough that he almost recoils, but Sherlock grabs his hand roughly and shoves it toward the bandage.
2. Will there be a sequel? (asked with narrow eyes)
Sherlock nods, giving John’s arm a tight squeeze as he pushes him off the track and towards the exit. John understands, gives Sherlock a tight smile and jogs after Smacks.
“Like a sister. It’s different.”
Sherlock proposes. Sherlock proposes?!?! 0_0
The answer hits John like a slap in the face.
“Do you want me to put a towel down before you sit? Because you are going to sit on the bed,” he says, meeting his wide eyes. Are his pupils bigger than the lights should allow? They are certainly beautiful. Blue like the ocean, clear and open. Then John blinks and looks down at his feet as he shifts them.
“Bill Murray,” John says louder, sounding more like himself. “Met him when I was thirteen. He was fifteen and had just moved next door. He was an only child like me and really into tech repair. He’d fix anything, tear anything apart to see how it works and always got it back together again, usually in better condition than it started. He appreciated my capacity to learn quickly and extrapolate. It helped him with his work.”
John looks away, unable to hide his disappointment. Sherlock uses the two fingers under his chin to gently turn his head back. Their eyes meet again. All of Sherlock’s walls are down and his eyes are so full of feeling they peel away the layers of John’s doubt and dismay like the layers of an onion. He looks deeper into that sparkling silver gaze than he ever has before and it takes his breath away, even before Sherlock speaks.
It looks good for John's recovery so far. Will things change once he's back home at 221B?
“It is a possibility, John.”
John glanced at the woman laughing again with her partner as he considered Sherlock’s words.
(See the end of the chapter for
4. And when will the object of his affection finally admit he feels something too?
Sherlock touches with his ring finger now too.
Did I just post last night? I did! I think I did. I just can't help myself.
Anyway, wherever you are, whatever you're doing, I hope this next chapter and all of the following being a little joy and distraction to each and every one of you. Sorry it's a bit short, but the next one is freaking long! It's taking me forever to type and edit. I can't wait to see what you think of it!
I'm going to stop there. If you have more thoughts or expletives for me, feel free to comment. >:D
“I don’t have a boyfriend,” John shrugged as he casually took a step closer. Sherlock’s eyes widened and his brows furrowed in confusion.
Hi, Everyone! I hope this chapter finds you all safe and healthy, and coping with all the craziness in our world today. Personally, I can't believe how many people are panic-buying toilet paper. Why toilet paper?
Anyway, question time!
“And I am going to search your apartment myself once they’ve gone,” he continues. “I’ve little confidence in their abilities. I will solve this mystery myself.”
“Normal people don’t have enemies, Sherlock,” he answers sharply.
What can I say, friends? They're so cute and in love and active in their sexual lives. And we now know that John will use Sherlock's military kink to his advantage. I'd say full advantage, but I think he could've done more this time around and chose not to. Who knows about next time though. One of my favorite lines of this chapter: "God, I want to bite it." You know what I mean. Oooooo.
But now he is wearing sleek black trousers and a bespoke, white button-down with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, like some sort of well-dressed scientist about to begin an experiment. All he needs are goggles. And speaking of eyes, dark brown curls fall artfully around them, setting off pale skin and sharp cheekbones. John blinks once at this sight he has never before seen. He had not even considered what Sherlock’s hair might look like, always hidden under black, blue or dark purple bandanas. Never in his life would he have imagined what stands before him now and that is the precise moment that John realizes how little he knows about this man. Where did he come from? How did he get here? What exactly is his connection to Molly Hooper? Mrs. Hudson told him a lot during the conference, but it still seems like so little now when he suddenly wants to know everything about Sherlock Holmes.
“I believe I misjudged you, John,” Sherlock called over the noise around them, his face every bit the smug bureaucrat who is too posh for his own good. John raised his brows in response, an unspoken question on his lips. He wanted to take whatever Sherlock was about to say seriously, but how could he possibly do it when he had that look on his face? Sherlock continued in a very superior tone, barely keeping the corners of his mouth from quirking upwards. “You’re a much better dancer than I expected.”
Also, a little update. I'm not entirely certain yet, but it's starting to look like this part may end up being 10 chapters instead of 9. AH, the suspense! :)
I considered a summary and then decided on no spoilers. Although I would like to add a disclaimer. I was watching/listening to Inception for the first time while writing this and I think it influenced me a bit. (shrug)
Find out here!
John swallowed hard and bit his bottom lip. He slowly moved his hand from Sherlock’s cheek to his shoulder to ease the clenching of his own heart. As if on cue, the couple behind him pushed at his back once again and John lurched into Sherlock. His lips brushed over the detective’s and his eyes fluttered closed, seeing stars. He felt Sherlock’s fingers tighten around his biceps and  a soft answering pressure on his lips. A surge of lust and joy rolled over him for just a moment before reality set in again. John’s eyes snapped open in an instant as a touch of panic filled his body from head to toe. Sensing his distress, Sherlock leaned back and allowed John to pull away as far as the space would allow. They locked eyes and stopped. Just stopped.
Sherlock stops and turns to look back at John with silver eyes cold as ice. His muscles work furious beneath his jaw and he lifts his chin sharply.
Blocker - a skater who tries to prevent the jammer from skating around the track and scoring points.
* How the fuck is John going to find Sherlock? Will it be too late? Is this the fall? Hmm? I know he fell off the cliff already, and with Moriarty even like the Sherlock of books, but this could get pretty bad.
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor stares at Sherlock for a moment with stormy dark blue eyes that slowly begin to lighten. The anger and seriousness on his face smooths into something softer. He releases his hold on Sherlock and shuffles backwards, relieving the tension and what little space there was between their bodies. Sherlock, however, is not going to let him off that easily. He closes the gap again and touches John’s shoulder just under the blood. John flinches, but does not pull away.
“You’re really starting to piss me off now.”
“I started training with Molly even more so she could be the best skater derby had ever seen,” Sherlock replies resolutely. “I gave her advice and told her about the strategies I’d been dreaming up.”
“It couldn’t be helped,” Sherlock tells him honestly. “I’m glad you came.”
Sherlock is in Nepal and he gets in trouuuuublllllllle.
“You used to surf in Anaheim,” Sherlock remarks instead, clearing his throat and keeping his tone even. John blinks.
Someone attempted to murder John.
Hey, y’all! I hope you all had a great week, even in the state of suspense in which I left you. Haha. But seriously, I hope all of you are well and as good as you can be.
“Never gonna happen,” he says in a flat tone. “You know the policy as well as I do.”
“Lawrence, we’re all here. Shall we go to our usual haunt?”
“John, I assume your experience with men is somewhat…limited.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Until next time, my friends. Keep your stick on the ice. (I watched a most excellent winter classic from 2008. They went into double OT and the penguins won on the stick of Crosby in a shootout! My god, it was fantastic!) We're all in this together.
I'm back! I couldn't stay away, so I really powered through this chapter. I do apologize if there are any errors as a result.
1) What was Sherlock going to say??? Is he interested?? Does he want to date John?? Oh god, the mind reels!!
“How was school today?” he asks. It is a tact he has used before - engage in friendly conversation and work his way to more serious topics. He loves talking to Rosie. She is so full of life and energy. She loves speaking with people, especially Sherlock because he is the one person who will do ‘grown up talk’ with her. Mycroft does to a degree, but steers away from certain subjects. Sherlock does not place restrictions on their conversation topics. It is just as complex and honest as with anyone else. Rosie has quite the vocabulary as a result, though she does not always use said words correctly.
Moriarty quickly asserts himself over the wounded detective and pins him down. In spite of his injury, Sherlock grasps Moriarty’s wrist to regain at least some control over the knife, but Moriarty doesn’t try to attack. He just smiles and licks his lips.
“You’re fucking kidding me!”
That said, thank you again for all the support and well wishes AND great feedback. I appreciate it and value each and every one of you. How better to show my thanks than post another chapter right on the heels of this one. Watch for that to come before the weekend. Did I say before the weekend? That only leaves tomorrow. Ah!
“No…” he struggles to speak, to hold his eyes open. “John…” Sherlock’s eyes close and silence surrounds him.
5. I'm sorry, everyone, but I just don't see how they're both going to get out of this alive.
“You have an ambulance on standby, yeah?” he asks them.
Without opening his eyes, John leans in and draws Sherlock near. They kiss. This time with a hunger, a need. Sherlock’s hands slide around to the small of John’s back, holding their bodies even closer. John tilts his head up further and sticks out his chin to get a different angle on the tall man in his arms. He pokes the tip of his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and then retracts it, pulling his chin back as well.
“You’re usually here with that detestable little man who drinks too much and yells at the other dancers,” Sherlock ignored the sudden change in John’s demeanor.
So much love to you all. Jane
“Good. We could leave from here around six?”
will not allow. I will not put you at risk.”
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Moriarty bites out, his faculties sharpening again. “If I knew it would all lead up to this, I’d have jumped on you a long time ago. Is that how John likes it? Rough and dry like…”
Thank you all so much for your kudos and comments. All your encouragement means the world to me and truly motivates me to carry on. I love this story, which is why it came out so incredibly long. I just couldn't stop working with these characters. I do hope you will all stick with me to the bitter end and that you all love it, and the boys as much as I do. You all have my undying love and respect.  ("Bitter end"? What does that mean, I wonder? Ahhh!)
“Oh. Are you finished?” John gestures out to the hall. “I can wait if you need more time. You could just give me a call.”
“So when did you and Molly get into derby?” he asks with interest.
John doesn’t remember what happened when Sherlock returned from the dead, but he knows enough. It was far from a loving reunion or happy embrace, and he still married Mary. Why did he do that? He recalls the wedding now. He knows how he felt about Sherlock, that he loved him with all his heart. Did he believe his friend did not feel the same? Was he simply protecting himself? Did he actually think Sherlock was happy for him or that he, himself was happy with Mary??
“Oh,” John’s shoulders sank and his face fell as disappointment filled him. He scolded himself silently for just abandoning Sherlock on the dance floor without a word. My god, he was so stupid. John was certain by now that it looked like he was stalking off in a jealous rage. No doubt watching from afar only confirmed it when John got angry and snapped at Jim. Honestly, what the fuck had John been thinking? He had every intention of kicking Jim to the curb when he started across the dance floor and then with Moran there being all possessive and Jim doing his typical song and dance, John’s anger had gotten the better of him until he finally snapped out of it. ‘Be right back’. That was all he would have needed to clue in Sherlock, but John had just stomped off. Jesus Christ, he was an idiot.
* Will any apples appear? God, I hope not.
“You know damn well what happened and we need to talk about it.”
“Good. Yes. Stay with John and stay out of trouble. We’ll figure this out when you get home,” Greg says with a hint of that GM instruction in his tone.
John glanced at Greg, who gave him a pointed look. The corner of John’s mouth turned up. He would never reveal his friend’s lie. His eyes slid smoothly back to Jim and his smile tightened.
“Greg’s a good friend,” John answered. Finally his brain seemed to be back online and able to communicate. “And I like the club.”
“Sherlock?”
Whistles blow loudly, three in rapid succession, as Sherlock rushes onto the track. In spite of being closer, somehow John gets there first. He calls for his bag and begins assessing the damage. Sherlock squats next to him.
“Sally called in sick,” Greg handed him the drink as John’s brows shot up and his jaw dropped. “Can you believe it?”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes. His eyes must be dilating and he cannot stop them from giving him away.
“Um...sorry,” he huffs an embarrassed laugh. “My name is John Watson. I’m looking for Dr. William Wiggins.”
There has never been any point in saying anything to Sherlock about his feelings because the man clearly does not feel the same way. Or does he? John isn’t sure anymore. Ever since Baskerville, Sherlock has found more and more reasons to touch John. Just a friendly hand on his shoulder or a brush of their hands that might have been avoided. John is almost certain that his flatmate’s eyes have fallen to his lips on more than one occasion. John is perplexed. He desperately wants to confess, tell Sherlock everything, but will he ruin what they have? Will the friendship he values above any other relationship he has ever had be irreparably shattered?
“You’re right,” John said suddenly, his mouth curving up. He looked back at Jim and clapped a hand on his shoulder. “It is fine.”
“Right. Tell me if you get dizzy or anything,” Greg says in a serious voice that demands John’s full attention. John nods and Greg helps him turn to face the ladder. He seems to sense that John’s tired muscles are ready to give out, but does not utter a word and John is grateful for it.
Sherlock’s words stopped abruptly, as did their movements. Couples holding each other close swayed around them, but did not bump into them somehow. Sherlock’s body was rigid to match John’s, his face startled and filled with dread. He knew he had said too much. All of it was true, of course, right down to the notion that John was toying with the idea of asking Sherlock out on a proper date, but to say it aloud with so much presumption, because there could be no doubt as to who “someone else” referred to. Sherlock had inserted himself right into John’s life with the ease of that one comment and was clearly petrified John would be angry, insulted even. They had only just met, after all.
Thank you all for your love and support. I couldn't do this without all of you. Writing and posting is truly a joy, but you all help make it even more fulfilling. Thank you from deep in my heart and watch out for Part 7. I'm hoping to start posting at the end of the week. Can't leave you hanging for too long. That's cruel. Also can't wear a green dress. That's cruel. Bahahahaha! Shout out to anyone who gets the reference.
“You really are two of a kind.”
Sherlock looks at him with a withering expression.
John’s brow disappears under his damp, spiked fringe as he swats away a paramedic.
Meanwhile, our poor detective still wars with himself on his role in Rosie's life as well. Is he her father? One minute his mind says yes and the next no. John is back and HE is Rosie's father, so where does that leave Sherlock?
(See the end of the chapter for
