Dean didn’t see how that was possible, but then he realized what Castiel planned to do and began to turn over in earnest. Castiel removed his fingers just to plunge them back inside once Dean was on his stomach. A moment later and Castiel was pressing his mouth to Dean’s ass cheeks, working towards the center, kissing, licking and biting. The hand not attached to the fingers currently in Dean’s ass massaged and kneaded, grabbing roughly before soothing again. And then Dean was being spread apart, and Castiel’s tongue flicked around the fingers scissoring inside of him.
The room erupted into cheers.
Castiel made his way back up to Dean’s mouth and kissed him softly, before laying his head on the firefighter’s chest.
And that included his fiance.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean startled at the question. He looked to Castiel for support, but the doctor just stared back at Dean like he’d like to hear Dean’s answer too.
He wanted to. God, he wanted to.
This chapter is a bit of a tooth-rotting gift to you all. At least, I hope it is! Please let me know what you think. :) A Castiel interlude is up next! Shouldn't be more than a week.
“Hi!” Awoman greeted them as she approached their table. Castiel looked up to find his friend Anna.
“What’s the difference?” Dean asked, perturbed. He didn’t like the way Castiel was speaking to him, like he was some impulsive child.
“Yes. I know.” Cas said sadly as he found a chair to fall into as well. He let himself ponder the existence of a breed of elephant that manifest the phenotype for pink skin for a moment before turning to regard Sam again. “I am at a loss as to what to do next Sam.”
“Like I could forget, jerk.” Sam rolled his eyes, but allowed himself to be pulled into a hug by his big brother. Sam was significantly taller than Dean by then, but Dean didn't see it that way. He’d always be the same snot nosed boy who gushed over pokemon and science fairs at school. “Tell Ash I said hello.”
“Never met the man in my life,” She replied simply. “I live a few floors up and heard there was a party here tonight. Thought I’d get my free booze on.”
“Um.” Castiel said dumbly.
“Dean.” Cas warned, his hand going out to Dean’s arm in an attempt to reign him in.
Fate or no fate, Dean knew exactly how he was going to see his friend again.
Dean started walking again, catching Jo’s eye. “Dean? Did you-“
“Oh shall we discuss criminal justice reform?” Michael suggested from the chair. “That should be a lively topic of conversation.”
He just wanted to meet this woman that would be taking Alex home with her. He just wanted to be sure whoever this woman was, that she was capable of dealing with Alex’ issues, and doing it in a way that wouldn’t mess her up even more.
“Hey! Ow!” Gabriel cried. Castiel ignored him.
“I have no intention to warm you to anything, Mother,” Castiel replied. “I think that’d be rather impossible.”
The friction was getting to be too much without lube, so Dean sat up awkwardly in the back seat and gave Castiel his hand.
“Alright, then,” she answered with a  sigh, leaning over to give Charlie another quick kiss. She stood up from the table and picked up her tray. “I’ve got to meet with the guardian first, so I should probably-“
“But I heard her squawking at an orderly and thought,
“Yep,” Eileen replied with a laugh. “I was worried we’d have to strap you to the top of our car.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean groaned as Castiel worked through another knot at the base of Dean’s spine. “Right there, Cas.”
“Can we just get on with it then?” Dean barked out, confident that whatever the mind reader was seeing in his head was something Dean would rather he not know.
Dean shook his head quickly. “No. That’s not it. If anything, I’m probably ahead of the curve when it comes to us.” He could feel the blush rise to his cheeks at the admission but pushed on before Castiel could comment on it. “No, the pressure…it’s different. It’s…” Dean paused again, this time taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. He just had to say it. “I feel like at some point I’m going to have to quit my job to keep you ,and I don’t want to do that.”
Castiel bobbed up and down a few times, and then pulled off Dean cock with a loud pop. “And now?”
Dean almost shrugged his brother’s hand off, but he didn’t. Instead, he let out a groan and proceeded to whine like a small child. “Sam, why can’t you just leave it alone?”
“I’m fine.” Dean replied back, scrubbing at his pants. He continued to scrub and blot, replacing the napkins as they disintegrated, for a few more minutes until another knock echoed into the tiny bathroom.
“Your death or someone else’s?”
But even before the longing Castiel felt as he left Dean, there was a moment he had shared with Dean upstairs,  and it was significant. Dean had relented and gave his blessing for Cas and Sam to continue their search for a cure, something that Castiel was sure was difficult for him to do. There was a moment though, where Dean looked at Castiel and a feeling radiated all over his body. It was as if Dean had wings himself, and were wrapping Cas in them, soothing him with his presence. It startled Cas, seeing how he was supposed to be the one comforting Dean in this situation but Castiel was sure of what he felt, of what he saw in Dean’s eyes.
“Donna, you got her? Probable contusion, and-” Dean carefully lifted the girls shirt slightly so he could place his bare hand on the skin of her abdomen. “Skins too hot. Internal bleeding likely. I’m going to go around.”
“I’ve never pretended to hate you,” Dean replied, lifting his head just enough to look over his shoulder and gaze at the beautiful man sitting behind him.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was soft and soothing. He didn't want to upset Dean but Sam was right. This reaction, even though Castiel hadn't even said anything yet, was extremely dramatic.
Anna smiled instantly and pulled Dean into a hug. “I’m so glad to finally meet you, Dean. Cas just doesn’t shut up about you when he calls to check in.” She squeezed him tighter, and then whispered. “Please don’t hold us against him.” Dean liked her immediately. He hugged her back and nodded. “It’s good to meet you too.” When she pulled back, he gave her a wink. “I’ve heard a lot about all of you too.”
Dean was grateful for the moratorium on the relationship talk. He didn’t want to jinx it. He was happy with where they were and where they were going. No need to rush into anything else.
Castiel, smiling and nodding in agreement, brought his attention back to the girls. “I appreciate your concern, Joanna, but I think Dean and I will manage just fine.”
“I just wanted-“ Dean cut himself off. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “Okay, no pork. No chess. It’s fine.” Castiel stared at him with wide eyes. Something was going on, but he didn’t know what it was. Dean was certainly overreacting. Did he think Castiel cared about a spoiled dinner and lost game of chess? Surely he knew him better than that.
He felt his heart begin to beat more quickly, his blood rushing through his veins at speed that made his skin vibrate. It was the first time he had seen Cas since he had his little church epiphany and now that he was accepting his feelings for him, he felt incredibly nervous to be around him. That combined with his constant impulse to inflict an incredible amount of violence on anything that was remotely difficult, Dean was on the edge of a cliff. He was preparing to fall but hoped that something could pull him back before it was too late.
They hit the road an hour later. Sam is driving, he insisted that Dean try to get some shut-eye. Dean is trying to sleep but he is in the back seat next to Cas who insisted on letting Mary sit in the front with Sam. They’re not quite touching but he can feel the heat coming from the body next to him and he is trying really hard not to lean into it.
“It has taken me some time to understand what I feel for you. Talking with Sam made me realize that I feel differently about you than I do him. I love Sam. But I love you differently.” Cas says holding his gaze – not even blinking.
Dean’s outburst startled Castiel enough to make him slide off the counter. Thankfully, the water on the floor was cool enough to withstand. The tiny burns where his skin wasn’t protected stung a little when they sunk into the cooler water, but the pain was easily ignored.
Charlie’s expression brightened. “So tell me more about this house!”
Dean looked up, and Castiel took another photo.
“You’re done already?” Dean asked incredulously. “I figured you’d be over there for awhile.”
“Understandable,” Charlie supplied. “I mean, she lost her parents and… well, you know. She’s not exactly out of the woods herself. She has to be so scared.”
“Too fast?” Dean finished. “No. And if we are, I don’t care. This thing with us is going to move how it moves, Cas. I think we just got a hold on and enjoy the ride.”
“I think I’m going to go for it Dean. Declare pre-law.”
“Well, I slowly moved into my girlfriend’s place without her realizing. So, I don’t think I’m the best person to ask.”
Castiel was smiling, but a hand covered his mouth. Dean continued to sing to him.
“Its your grace Castiel.” Metatron explained. “Your grace is the key to saving Dean Winchester.”
I've got an American Thanksgiving special for you! Five new chapters! Two will be released today, three tomorrow.  These are unbeta'd because I just busted them out over the last two days.
Their business was really gaining steam and their lawyers said if they impress investors in New York, they could hit the next level soon.
“Do you think they would have approved?” Castiel asked. He didn’t look truly worried, but Dean thought maybe Castiel would have still been nervous to meet Dean’s parents.
This is what normal families did. They took vacations together. They fell asleep on the beach and got sunburned.
“Oh so he is just out there somewhere, deciding who is and who isn't good enough to bang an angel? That's pretty creepy man.”
“Dean. Look at me.” Cas said, bringing his hand up to the hunters face. The blood from the demon he bit earlier was caked into the stubble of Dean’s beard and Cas brushed it away with his thumb. “Its okay. You can do this Dean. Look at me. Look at me and come back.”
Castiel smiled and finished reading the note.
Dean was now in the same city as Castiel, in the very gallery Castiel had placed his photographs, but there was still something holding him back from calling him.
“Uh, Yeah.” Dean rubbed his forehead roughly. “Sorry Cas. What's up?”
Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut as Dean moved over him, dipped his head pressed a kiss to the bolt of Castiel’s jaw. “
“Oh that's right,” Metatron quipped. “He already has an angel in love with him.” He chuckled softly. “How lucky for him.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’ve got a button here that brings that prick of a nurse back in,” she replied. “You could probably take him, but I bet he’d call security before you did any real damage.”
Sam encourages Cas to talk to Dean.
“Um, yeah.” Anna said awkwardly. “Well, um I guess we should be going.”
Sam sat in the kitchen at the bunker with a beer and a large book that took a larger book in order to decipher. He huffed and sighed and groaned until finally Cas’ voice came from behind him.
“So, Bon Jovi got a major recording contract or something?”
“I think she’s hilarious,” Charlie responded. She leaned over and placed a kiss on Jo’s cheek.
He was pretty sure his disbelief shined through each word.
“So you’re saying, that Cain needed to conquer his personal demons if he was ever going to fight off the real one?” Sam knew he was reaching but it made enough sense to him that he went for it.
He was still reeling from the angel’s confession of his feelings  for him, that Dean hadn't realized his own words spilling from his mouth until it was too late.
“Yeah,” Dick cut her off with a wave of his hand and stepped around his station and into her personal space. “No worries, my lady. It’s all about you tonight. Is it the big 2-1?”
Dean scoffed but gave Mr. TDB the once over, to which the dark haired man smiled and averted his gaze.
!” Dean cried, eagerly participating in what had become something so much more intense. Castiel was pulling Dean’s ass back and forward as he swallowed down his cock. Dean was fucking his lover’s mouth and he was losing his mind at the sight of it. “Cas, I’m….
“Hey Cas.” Sam said softly, pulling Cas out of his thoughts.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. “What?”
“Dean-”
“I know you feel like shit, but I just want to tell you that I’ve been there. I’ve lost my parents, and I’ve been stuck in a hospital bed for weeks. It sucks.”
“Oh yeah?” Castiel countered, a smirk on his lips. “What’s screwing one like?”
She looked worried, biting her nails and ignoring the book in her lap. In one of the larger chairs across from her, sat a man a couple years older than Castiel, his blonde hair striking against the fire in the hearth. He was staring across the room, where another man leaned against the ladder for the bookshelves. The second man had a book in his hand that he flipped through aimlessly. He looked bored, but oddly confident.
“Apologies,” Castiel replied. Dean could tell he was grinning. “Shall I play some peaceful water sounds for you?”
“Cas, you said that I changed you, but you have to know you changed me too. You turned my life upside down, and yeah, sometimes it wasn’t such a great time, but you showed me what it really meant to be free. You made me want to fight for it too. Watching you become your own man… it inspired me. I’m so freaking
“FreshenUpYourBaby.com?”  Castiel read, one eyebrow raised. “You’re selling car air fresheners online?”
‘, but trailed off. He didn’t want to put that into words.
“I…” Jack’s eyes move slowly around the scene again. “I did rebuild heaven.”
He stepped back, still smiling brightly.
“Oh really?” Dean pressed, smiling despite his rejection. “You really think a lot of yourself, huh?”
He could announce his presence, that way she wouldn’t freak out and fall off the roof when he made his way to her. He could just stay here and watch her to make sure she didn’t do anything dangerous, and just wait until she was ready to come inside before reaching out to her. He didn’t get a chance to decide.
“You didn’t?” Sam’s face is contorted in that way that makes him look like a scared animal, and Dean hates it so much. This is Heaven, Goddamnit. Sam isn’t supposed to look like that here.
Cas nodded and gave the younger Winchester a smile before turning and heading up the stairs to Dean’s bedroom.
His body hurt like it does after a night of drinking, but not like it does after a night of fucking. With his eyes still closed, Castiel let what he remembered from the night before come floating back.
The room was so quiet, Dean feared he’d lost his hearing from shock.
“Why can’t you just call him?” Meg asked while she unpacked Castiel’s books and put them back on the bookcase. “You have his number, right?”
“Not even once,” Dean replied breathlessly. He was too turned on to pretend otherwise. He rolled his hips into the mattress, enjoying the small relief of friction the motion provided. Dean was tempted to turn over and slide their erections together, but sometimes delaying immediate gratification made everything so much better. “I may have tried to deny how much I wanted you, but I went from crushing on you to falling in love with you pretty seamlessly.”
“Cas,” he tried for a third time. His words would fail him, he knew this, but he had to try. “I love you so much, you know that right? You know that I’ve never loved anyone the way that I love you… I honestly don’t think it’s possible. This thing between us, it feels like more than that.”
There were loud noises coming from the garbage truck down the street, and Dean could hear them clearly through the open window. The same open window where he snuck in the girl he lost his virginity to.
Castiel turned back towards his friends, his heart pounding in his chest.
, you know? If we’re really going to do this, I don’t want to just pick any place.”
“This isn’t Heaven,” Jack says. “I didn’t build this place.”
“So when did you do it?” Dean finally broke the silence, picking his french fries apart and tossing them back to this plate.
“Alright then, as long as we’re clear.”
Dean gave Castiel a very good impression of his little brother’s bitch face.
“No, I’m...” Castiel tried to reply but the man was already half way down the sidewalk.
“I swear to God Cas if you say anything right now I’m going to kick your ass.” Dean stated matter of factly, his body falling forcefully behind the wheel and slamming the door behind him.
“You’re really not going to tell me your name?” Dean asked,  one last ditched effort.
With Castiel settled between his legs, leaning back against him and talking about proper surgical sterilization, Dean let out a content sigh.
“Well, uh- I’m Dean, for the record.”
“Dean?” Charlie asked warily. “Are you okay?”
“Not to me little brother.” Dean said, eyes on the two men who just emerged from the beat up civic. The driver was a tall blonde, thinly built wearing a black t-shirt and dark jeans. The other guy had short dark hair that looked like it had never seen a brush.
“Let’s not turn this into some sort of Novak family moment,” the man in the chair said. “Try to reign yourself in, little brother.”
Castiel sat up slowly, noticing that he was wearing a long sleeved shirt that didn’t belong to him. When he stood up, a few bones in his hips and back cracked and Castiel stretched into a yawn.
Dean dropped the act and smiled back him. “Later, Cas.”
“Don’t bother, Cas.” Dean said with a small smile. “I’m just going to go.”
The older couple nodded and then man reached out and patted Dean on the arm.
“Except maybe don’t mention the air freshener thing.” Castiel said with his trademark smirk.
“Noted,” the firefighter answered. Then he sobered some and readied himself to share the other bit of news. “I’ll uh, be missing lunch next week. Headed to Cas’ folk’s place for Thanksgiving.”
“Tell me something.” Castiel said.
If you celebrate the American Thanksgiving, I hope you have a relaxing and safe holiday! If not, I still hope you enjoy your week! Love to you all!
Dean took in the angel’s crisp appearance. He was wearing his usual uniform of slacks, white button down and tan trench coat, but they were unusually straight. Dean was used to the disheveled appearance of Cas’ clothing, so it took him a moment to adjust to the sight. In fact, it took Dean quite awhile to get used to Cas without his blue tie too. He sometimes missed the tie, despite the fire that built in Dean’s chest at the sight of Cas’ chest sneaking up through his opened collar.
Dean kept his eyes on Cas for another moment, bringing their joint hands up to his lips and kissing the back of Cas’. He stirred in his sleep, shifting his face towards Dean but kept his eyes closed. Dean lowered their hands back down to his lap and closed his eyes as well.
Another car pulled up behind them, a worn civic with a missing side mirror on the right side. It’s windows were down and loud punk rock music blasted from the stereo.
“Actually, you’re not too off the mark there.” Dean said, pullin g out of the gas station and heading back towards the highway. “Lisa said she didn’t want to be number three or four in my life. She said, she was okay with being number two, but not if number one was selling air fresheners online.”
Cas shifted uncomfortably for a moment before turning around and closing the doors to the dungeon.
“Sure, no problem.” Dean said, taking another sip of his tea.
“Hey, uh, I’m Dean Winchester, one of the first responders to Alex’s accident,” Dean said with a smile. “How’s she doin’?”
When he puts the car in park Jack stirs and slowly opens his eyes.
Amara - which is my fault by the way.” Dean paused and slumped down on his bed, head in his hands. “Everything is my fault.”
“Your brother wouldn’t want that.”, Castiel said almost gently.
“But there will be a price to pay.”
“Will it be worth it?” He pauses for a moment. “Even if he might not feel the same way?”
When Cas eventually pulls away from their kiss it’s only so he can lower his head to the column of Dean’s neck. Dean moans at the scrape of Castiel’s stubble against his sensitive skin there and blindly busies himself with the buttons of Castiel’s shirt. With the way they are still pressed together, he only manages to get a few of them open but it’s enough that Dean can work a hand in and make both himself and Cas shiver pleasantly at the first touch of fingers upon naked skin.
Dean was bone-tired.
No matter how badly Dean wants Cas by his side, Cas deserves to make this choice just as much as the rest of them. “We don’t keep you around just because we think you might be useful.”
The noise Cas makes, raw and yearning, is answer enough already and Dean lets it fill his mind, drowning out the inhibitions that have stuck with him all his life and allows himself to be open and honest with his own desires.
Dean pushes at Cas’s shoulder, getting him to sit back on his knees and give Dean some space to work with. He stretches his arm and reaches for the nightstand where he keeps the lube, usually at hand for some special alone time in the bunker. Belatedly he realizes that he doesn’t have any condoms in there as well. He didn’t really have a use for those in his own bedroom. He never met anyone he could – or even wanted – to take home, and not just because he lives in a secret bunker full of supernatural artefacts.
Dean’s not quite sure what to make of that or how to reply, so he keeps his mouth shut.
“What’s that supposed to mean? Who the hell are you anyway?” Because one thing was for sure, this was not your run-of-the-mill demon Dean was dealing with here.
Cas bashfully lowers his gaze, Dean can see his jaw working as he seems to mull over his answer.
Cas nodded shakily and instead spread the fingers of one hand over Dean’s hipbone, his touch a warm, soothing and strangely prickling sensation, Dean wasn’t all that unfamiliar with from the countless times Cas had healed various cuts and bruises. On the second push in it went far smoother and Cas slid deeper and Dean had to wonder if Cas had helped matters along with his remaining grace somehow. If so, Dean didn’t care. It was still all Cas, it was still all
Cas slips a hand between them, popping the button on Dean’s jeans and shoving them down his thighs. And then Cas is cupping his dick, rubbing over it through the fabric of Dean’s boxers and Dean can practically feel the blood rushing from his brain, leaving him lightheaded and dizzy. He lets himself slump forwards a little, trusting Cas to take his weight and resting their foreheads together as he moans breathlessly.
“But,” Cas continued, “who’s to say that what he saw in us was all there was to see. Maybe even omnipresence has its limits.”
Dean awkwardly let’s his hands glide of Cas and takes a step back. He clears his throat. “Now that you are human, do you experience stuff differently?” And before Cas can launch into a speech about the gustatory wonders of peanut butter and jelly again, he clarifies. “Like emotionally wise?”
“Is that what you do with the competition?”
“Damn,” Dean curses. “You’re killing me here. Will you just get on with it?”
“How?”, Dean asks simply, not even sure if it truly matters. “How did you make it back?”
Despite himself Dean found himself smiling at that. If anyone knew what it was like to put up with the famous Winchester stubbornness, it had to be Cas. Dean finally allowed himself to look up again and meet Castiel’s eyes. There wasn’t as much amusement there as his tone might have suggested but there was no accusation either, just a deep seated fondness and conviction.
Suddenly a bolt of lightning shot down, hitting the demon right where she stood. Blue energy crackled up and down her body as she screamed and sizzled like she’d been doused with holy water. Then just as sudden it was over and she fell to the ground. Dean stared in shock at her still form and the gruesome sight that were the empty sockets where her eyes had been burned out, and tried to wrap his head around what had just happened.
And he just started to make it work for himself too, hadn’t he?
And Dean feels it too, like all of this is almost too much, too good to be actually real; but still he knows that it is.
Cas never dared to dream that getting to voice this simple truth could put a smile as bright and beautiful and content as the one he’s seeing right now onto Dean’s face. He would watch a thousand western movies for that.
But Jack turns and looks at the distant tree line. “Walk with me, Castiel.”
“If you don’t like the gun but wanna stay out of range, you could just throw your blade. I’ve seen you do that.” A thought crosses Dean’s mind all of the sudden and puts a grin on his face. “In fact, hold on a second.” Dean makes to leave the room but turns back to Cas one last time, pointing a finger at him. “Just stay here, okay? I’ll be right back.”
Castiel for his part looked a bit shaken but like he was trying his best to regain his previous aloof composure.
is over. Dean came to terms with the fact that he can’t picture a life outside of hunting anymore, that he
It took a bit of scrambling and rearranging of limbs but finally Dean could settle his head against his pillow with Cas lying on top of him, naked skin to naked skin where their chests pressed together and Dean’s still skin-clad jeans against Cas’ bare thighs. Dean felt like they should definitely remedy the latter.
He watched Cas drag his finger through the smear of precome on Dean’s belly and spit in his hand for good measure before rubbing it over his dick; and Dean just knew it wouldn’t be enough but couldn’t find it in himself to truly care.
When he let go of Castiel’s wrist eventually, Cas seemed to get the message. He pulled his hand back, slipping his fingers from between Dean’s lips and reached under himself where Dean’s legs were spread around his hips. The first brush of a spit slicked finger over his hole send a shiver racing up Dean’s spine. And then Cas went and pushed in.
He leans in and finds Cas meeting him halfway.
together before everything went downhill. Then again, Cas has apparently started to rediscover the wonders of Netflix, so maybe he’ll have some ideas for a binge watch as well. Dean wouldn’t mind either way.
He kisses Dean’s throat and shoulder, brushes his lips and nose over Dean’s collarbone and slowly keeps on moving downwards. He takes his time, apparently determined to touch and kiss every inch of skin laid out before him. There is a reverence to it, a devotion that stuns Dean to the core. It feels more like an act of worship than anything else. Now that he’s allowed to touch, the dam around the feelings that Cas must have kept bottled up for years has broken, affection washing over Dean in waves and he might as well just drown in it.
At least he tried to.
? Truly, all of me?” It seems so outlandish put like that. Dean’s never met anyone, who, in their right mind, would look at Dean Winchester and consider keeping him around for more than a night of pleasure or to deal with their monster problem. Dean’s too messed up - too broken - to be anything worth wanting.
Jack’s question almost gets lost in a sleepy yawn.
Cas does and Dean holds on to him, giving himself over to the strange yet exhilarating feeling of being filled, of being with and
There are no sparks flying as their lips finally meet, and thankfully no heavenly choir starts singing either. It’s nothing more, and nothing less than an almost unsure push and pull as they figure out this new way to fit together.
It’s clear he’s not talking about the dog anymore but Dean can’t find it in himself to correct Sam on this one; not when he is right.
But then he gazes back up into Castiel’s face and finds all his insecurities, his helpless longing and desperate hopes reflected back at him.
That at least made Dean look at Cas, anger rising inside of him at Castiel’s apparent refusal to be angry with Dean himself. Cas had no right to try and make him feel better, and he sure as hell had no right to make empty promises.
Before he met Dean, Castiel didn’t even know what it meant to
Sam pulls a face that tells Dean he’s getting his point across. Dean refrains from pointing out that this sort of instinct might be appreciated in a guy on other occasions. Luckily so does Sam. It’s not really a topic Dean wants to get into right now, especially when it’s linked so dangerously close to Cas.
They have
“Do you believe it now?”, Cas asked like he could read Dean’s mind or at least like the words had stirred up the same memory in Cas himself.
Dean’s still not sure what to do with this last bit of information. Because the thing is, they’ve talked quite a lot since Castiel’s return. They’ve talked about Jack and the new order up in heaven. Cas has told Dean and Sam about meeting Bobby and what Mary’s and John’s afterlife looks like. They even talked a bit about how Jack raised Castiel from the Empty and what other angels were chosen to join them – Gabriel and Balthazar, as Dean already knew, but apparently also Anna, Hannah, Rachel, Benjamin (Dean is
Only instead the light walks towards him. A worried “Dean” on Castiel’s lips as he closes the distance in a few long strides.
Dean racked his brain about demon and general supernatural lore but came up empty.
The corners of Jack’s mouth twitch like he’s holding in a smile at how predictable Cas is being but his expression sobers again right away. “I won’t stop you from going down to save him.”
together.”
Cas wants to start arguing, wants to beg Jack to change his mind, for Jack to see reason, even if Cas is afraid that Jack might see reason more clearly than Cas himself right now.
But that’s okay, Dean will have Jack to look after. He might still technically be a half-angel but after having given away all his power, he’s also as human as it’s possible for someone like him to get. There will have to be weapons and combat training in the near future should Jack decide to stick with hunting. Maybe Dean can take him on a few hunts, make some kind of trip of it. Maybe Cas will come along. Yes, Dean thinks, that would be pretty awesome. Just the three of them hunting the everyday monsters and ghosts while saving some people’s lives together, the family business; them being a family.
are it for each other.
Something catches Dean’s eyes then, a movement in his peripheral vision. He turns his head as far as it will go. He must be pretty far gone already, he muses, because apparently he’s started hallucinating.
“What the hell?” Dean stared at Castiel indignantly. “You burned me. What the hell did you do that for?”
“You stayed because you didn’t want me to be alone. And I didn’t say anything because honestly I didn’t want to be alone either.” It seems selfish now, that he denied Sam to go and figure out what he wanted his new life to look like for himself, but he also knows that he wouldn’t have made it a day without Sam back then and he’s grateful that Sam stuck around.
“Oh.” Dean said, his face starting to burn almost as hot as the brand on his shoulder. “I just figured… with demons you have to kiss them… I assumed it’d be the same, don’t really know why. Hell, that is awkward.”
“Watching
Dean could all but feel the sarcastic air quotes there even if Cas refrained from actually making them with his hands this time.
“So you’re human now?”, Dean asks after Cas has explained what happened in heaven. “Jack took your grace?”
Something needed to happen now, something that had not been orchestrated by Chuck.
But instead of getting a blush or a bitch face from Sam, like Dean expected, Sam starts worrying his bottom lip and focuses again on the screen of his laptop to avoid eye contact with Dean.
“It’s what
Still high-strung, Dean stopped himself from making one of his usual quips along the lines of how Castiel should feel free to call on his service anytime he wanted; it was a close call though and he closed his eyes for a moment to calm his frayed nerves. When he opened them again Castiel had vanished.
There were questions Dean wanted to ask, but couldn’t. Like what had it been that had made Cas rebel then, what it was that set him apart from all the others. Because deep down he thought he already knew the answer and he had tried his best to ignore it for years. Now, on what might very well be the last night on earth, any earth, he found it couldn’t be ignored any longer.
Cas goes still and stares at him, though his eyes have gone unfocused. He looks completely overwhelmed, like not even in his wildest dreams he let himself believe that he could have Dean at all, let alone that there would be
“Sure I can, it’s my damn soul to give.”
He pops the trunk and fishes out two beers before walking back around to the hood and letting himself drop onto it.
Dean lost himself in all the sensations, Castiel’s mouth, his hand, his cock, all the ways in which Cas was with him and around and inside. There was no way Dean could last. Castiel did seem just as affected, his thrusts growing more and more erratic and as a twist of Castiel’s wrist send Dean over the edge, he could feel Cas following along beside him.
A few moments later Cas settles down beside him and Dean wordlessly holds one of the bottles out for him to take. Dean has always liked these moments when he and Cas managed to communicate without words, just falling into place next to each other.
Dean swallowed thickly. Even though he was seeing it with his own eyes he couldn’t believe it. If angels existed he should have heard of them. Automatically Dean fell back on the weapon that served him best when backed into a corner and that was simply his boldness.
And so eventually it was Castiel who pulled away, if only far enough to let Dean take a breath he had forgotten he needed, and to rest his forehead against Dean’s.
But now he was definitely thinking about it. About how his initial plan would have had him kissing some demon bitch and how now apparently he had ended up with an angel dude instead. It shouldn’t matter. There was nothing sexy or romantic about the whole affair of signing your soul or free will away on a gravely crossroad in the middle of nowhere. And the beings that you made these deals with, be they demons or angels, weren’t even human. Why would Dean care about in what package they came in? But he couldn’t help it. Looking at Castiel across from him, looking at his strong jaw and stubbly chin, he found he did care and the prospect of kissing another guy had always been as strangely tempting as it had been utterly terrifying to Dean.
And from what Cas just told them, it’s not forever. Eventually Cas will go back to heaven again, and so will Dean and Sam apparently. But for the time being they get to make the most out of just
Twitching and moaning, Dean gave himself over to Castiel’s tugging grip, feeling himself get fully hard again from where he had softened slightly at the initially weird sensation of being penetrated.
This however feels different than all those other situations. They are much too close like this. Dean can feel every breath Cas takes through the rise and fall of his own hand on Cas’ body. It’s seems profoundly intimate all of the sudden. They are toing that borderline to dangerous emotional territory again, only this time Dean slowly realizes that there is no use in running away. It suddenly becomes clear that every situation between him and Cas is doomed to drift into awkwardness eventually if they don’t talk about what’s really on Dean’s mind; because until Dean finally learns the truth, whether he’s gonna like it or not, it will haunt him every day. He takes a deep breath and steels himself for the inevitable.
His hands go for Castiel’s pants in turn, forgoing finesse in favour for pushing and pulling until he can shove them down Cas’ legs right along with his underwear. From where he’s still resting his head against Castiel’s, he casts a glance down between their bodies and isn’t surprised to find that Cas’ dick is just as amazing as the rest of him. The sound Cas makes as Dean wraps his fingers around him is instantly addicting, spurring Dean on even more.
And Dean’s first instinct is to say
In a far off corner of Dean’s brain he wonders if they are moving too fast right now but then he thinks about all the years they’ve apparently taken it way too slow. Also Dean almost died last week and it would’ve been for good this time and if that taught him anything it’s that he should stop wasting anymore time.
John Mark Green
“You’re going to be alright.”, Cas says and Dean believes it, the realization that Cas is alive and
Dean tries not to feel devastated. He tells himself that what he and Cas have right now is good - is awesome even - and much more than Dean could have ever hoped for. Just having Cas here with him and being able to goof around with him like they did earlier, simply the chance of seeing Castiel’s face every day for the rest of his life, will be quite enough.
Dean shrugs. “Whatever you wanna do, I guess. You know a lot of stuff, you lived to see the whole of human history, you could be a teacher or a scientist, hell, I know the little old lady who runs the bakery in town if you wanna try your hands at that.”
“You’re such an idiot.” he says, standing his ground and not letting himself be pushed away. “I’m not indulging you, Cas. This isn’t me trying to repay you for all the stuff you’ve done for us or whatever bullshit your mind just came up with because you can’t let yourself believe the truth.”
Sam doesn’t really seem to have a comeback for this one and Dean sees the opening he needs to get this thing on track. “You know, last I heard, Eileen just wrapped up a case up there is Wisconsin. Maybe she could give you a hand.” He doesn’t really aim for the double entendre there but if Sam wants to understand it that way so be it. After all pushing Sam towards Eileen is kinda the point of this whole endeavor.
Dean and Cas are being idiots but eventually work things out. Sam gets a nudge in the right direction.
“No. Keep resting, kid. You earned it.”
“No.”, Dean managed to say breathlessly. “Like this.” He spread his legs further, letting Castiel’s hips settle fully between them, hoping it would explain what Dean sure as hell couldn’t say with words right now.
It would have to be them.
and the world outside had fallen away completely.
If Cas feels like Dean’s question comes out of nowhere he doesn’t show it. “Yes, that’s how it works.”
want. I want you. Want to feel you.”
In all his eons of existing, Castiel never experiences anything that could hold a candle to being with Dean, and even if he were to live eons more he would never grow tired of it.
Dean assumes he is talking about the bunker.
“I told you.”
He thinks about what Cas said to him while Billie was knocking on that door, all his beautiful words. Dean could never hope to recreate a speech like that, he will always be better with actions than with words. But right now he knows he’s gonna have to say something, he has to at least try to put his feelings into words because it might be the only way to get Cas to listen, to believe, and to understand.
The little boy replied,
… he wants…
Sam let out a soft snicker. “Right back at you buddy.”
Castiel stared at his brother for a long moment, obviously trying to figure out what Gabriel was getting at. When he reached for his bag, Gabriel refused to give it to him. Dean couldn’t be sure, but it looked like Gabriel’s smile had turn sympathetic.
“Whether you want to accept it or not, Cas loves you Dean.” Sam said quietly after a long a pause.
Castiel left Dean with Alfie and allowed himself to be escorted away by his two best friends.
Dean’s eyebrows raised, very grateful not to have to field that question, but also mentally scolding Gabriel for putting Jimmy and Amelia in a position to do so. Although, Dean was pretty sure they were used to that.
“Dean,” Castiel started, walking towards him and reaching for his hand. “It’s alright. I’ll call in for food now, and we can play something else. Let me see your hand.”
He didn’t let it out until the he played the first notes of the song.
“That’s the one,” Dean answered. They shared a long lingering look where Castiel could feel his heart suddenly start beating to a new rhythm. It was one of those looks where he thought he could very well melt in the firefighter’s gaze. It was soft, yet full of something heavy. Castiel loved the feeling. It wasn’t entirely new, but it was different.
Sam instantly recognized the sadness he found there and pressed his lips together into a hard line as he took in the bloodshot appearance of Dean’s eyes.
Dean was blindsided.
Dean shuffled his feet slightly as he watched the mind reader set up his stuff for the seance and found himself looking to Cas in a moment of weakness.
for being my beta!
Michael nodded. “Yeah.”
“Talking about me and Cas gettin’ married,” Dean replied, letting out a long sigh. The DJ began playing a new song, an R&B hit Dean couldn’t remember the name of. “I don’t like the pressure.”
The candles lit around the room were a nice touch, and even with his eyes closed Dean could see the tantalizing dance of contained fire. He wasn’t burning with need at the moment, but melting under the artful ministrations of one Dr. Castiel Novak.
“I know.” Castiel said, more wistfully than he had intended. “I just want to see them.”
Dean was smart enough to divert his gaze as quickly as possible, but when he gathered the confidence to meet Mr, Tall, Dark, and Blue’s eyes again, the man didn’t look at all peeved to be the subject of Dean’s ogling. In fact, he looked pretty damn smug as he smirked at Dean and found his own seat.
“Yeah sure, hold on.” The voice on the other end of the phone said politely, then  came a muffled yell. “Dean! Phone!”
“Oh, don’t be like that.” Anna replied. “Come on Castiel, it’ll be good for you.”
“I don’t want to do this.”
Dean let out a soft groan as he lifted his hips to meet the roll of Castiel’s. “Oh yeah, what’s that?”
Castiel loved that they had a framed photo of the two of them politely placing cake into each other’s mouths, right next to a photo of them smashing cake into each other’s faces. He loved that Dean had his baby nephew in his arms for a good portion of their reception, and that Castiel got a number of photos of Dean dancing with the baby on the dance floor.
Carry on my wayward son...
“Excuse me?” Dean asked, his voice dripping with hostility.
“Hmm?” Castiel replied; already back to Dean’s neck and kissing it softly. It was enough to distract Dean from what he thought he heard and get back to his man. He rubbed his hands up Castiel’s arms and then began to back away towards the bathroom.
Meg and Alfie had gotten married in Vegas seven months ago. The result of that union was currently incubating in Meg’s uterus.
“Shut up,” she said, but there was no heat behind it. Dean thought maybe things were going to go his way up here.
Castiel pulled Dean into a half hug, and stroked his back with his hand. It sent a jolt of something hot down Dean’s spine, at the memory of the last time they had touched.
Dean gritted his teeth. “What I mean, is that you can talk to me because I get it. I’ve been there and I get it.”
Castiel closed his eyes and grimaced, but let out a laugh a second later.
Dean interrupted him.
“She needs a bottle of tequila and the first season of the latest teen reality show,” Bela replied calmly. When Dean’s eyebrows threatened the ceiling, Bela rolled her eyes. “Do I look like a bloody therapist? The kid is not getting a parent here.
Dean closed his eyes and signed. He wasn’t as stealthy as he thought.
Dean popped open the beer and emptied almost half its contents into his mouth before turning to face his brother and leaning against the counter.
Dean thought about what he would want if he were here. If he had woken up and found out both of his parents were dead; if his arm was just barely attached to his body. If he were fifteen and surely and the world definitely seemed to be out to get him. He struggled with his thoughts for a long time. Alex eventually grew restless with the silence and let out a frustrated groan.
Dean felt the mark’s power subside instantly and a warmth spread within him. Cas could feel Dean relax considerably at his touch and didn't suppress the soft smile that graced his lips.
“No, I don’t want you to apologize, Cas. I’m just curious as to…well. Are we in danger here?”
“Who said I had a breakup?” Castiel shot back.
“Did you, like, audition people?”
“It just hasn’t come up, okay!”
They kissed again, then settled back into their pillows, eyes soft and only on each other.
“Of course Sam. If Dean wanted me, I would stay.” Cas said quietly.
“Dean still doesnt know he is in the dungeon.” Sam informed him.
There were clothes and a full toiletry bag inside. “Hmm.”
And then the curtain around his bed was being thrown back and billowing around his boyfriend dramatically, but Dean couldn’t enjoy the melodramatic, superhero vibe he put off because the situation was fucked and Dean was angry.
He could feel his erection heading towards half mast and he was grateful. When Cas walked in, Dean was worried he would have to grab his other pillow to hide his harndess though. Despite how wrecked he looked, Dean couldn't help but find the way Cas’ white shirt was rolled up, like he had been working with his hands, incredibly sexy. He was able to suppress his arousal just enough though, at the thought of how concerned Cas looked in that moment.
“Worth it.”
“So, will I need the jaws of life or…”
Dean thought about that for a moment.
“DONT YOU THINK THAT’S AWFUL, DEAN?”
“In Heaven. The real Heaven. He’s helped me rebuild it.”
Right. Living together meant one of two things. They would rent or they would own. Together.
“See if I ever buy you lunch again.” Castiel said back, tossing the goods in the back seat.
Dean was an excellent dancer, swinging Castiel around the floor brilliantly and moving in rhythm to the music. When a slow song came on, he pulled Castiel in expertly too, and swayed easily with Castiel in his arms.
No answer.
When they reached the top of the stairs, Dean was tempted to ask if Castiel was about to reveal some sort of weird kink to him, but then Castiel was stopping in front of the room Dean had only been inside once. It was the room Dean had begun to think of as
He couldn’t let Dean do this. Castiel couldn’t break up a wedding like this, it wasn’t right.
“A fire?” Castiel replied immediately, turning on his side to face Dean. Dean turned to meet his inquiring gaze.
“I’ll just leave it on the nightstand for you babe.” Dean winks and Castiel rolls his eyes.
“What’s your stance on pancakes, Cas?”
“Careful! Ow! Cas-“ Gabriel tried to complain, but Dean cut him off.
“It should probably feel weird that I’m talking to you about him,” Dean said aloud. He looked up to trace the lines of Inias’ name with his eyes. “I mean, you know how great he is. You had him first. You’d probably still have him if…well, you know.” Dean sighed and looked back down at his lap. “It’s just…I don’t want to lose him and it feels like I could if I make the same choice you did. Not death, obviously. You didn’t choose to die, but…you did choose your profession and to Cas, that’s basically the same thing.” Dean’s shoulders slumped after he took in another long breath. “Maybe I should just quit. There are other things I could do. I really liked what I was learning in school, actually. For awhile there I thought I might go into motorsports engineering. I talked to a recruiter once and he made it sound totally badass.” Dean frowned. “A classmate of mine went into defense work. He analyzes IED explosions and designs vehicles to protect soldiers better. That’d be pretty cool, I guess.”
“I got strike one before we even met?” Dean asked, incredulously. “You can’t get strike one before you even step up to the plate!”
Dean’s meeting wasn’t until the next morning and Ash wasn’t expecting him until later that night, so he spent his afternoon exploring Brooklyn and taking pictures for Sam. He stopped at a few street vendors and picked up a second hand book he knew his mother would enjoy.
“You’ve been so…tense, lately.” Castiel used his other hand to gently stroke the inside of Dean’s thigh. “I want to help.” He reached up and placed his lips against Dean’s one last time, before ducking back down and kissing the tip of Dean’s cock. With one hand wrapped around the base and the other still gently stroking Dean’s thigh, Castiel began to lick up and down Dean’s length, wetting his shaft completely. He was aided by the drips of pre-come that Dean released as he groaned out Castiel’s name and buried his hands in the doctor’s hair once more.
Dean was by his side a moment later, just as Castiel was trying to stand up. Dean’s hands were under his arms and helping him up before Castiel could protest.
Cas’ body crashed hard into the edge of the doorway and his eyes flew open in shock. He quickly composed himself though and narrowed his eyes at the now guilty looking Winchester.
“Mmm...Cas.” Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth between kisses. “Maybe we should take this to my room?” The words were out before he had a chance to really think them through.
Castiel laughed. “Glad to see our activities together aren’t easily forgotten.”
“That’s not what I said.” Dean defended, rolling his eyes again.
“Sacrifice.” Castiel repeated. “My sacrifice.”
But that was almost an hour ago and now Dean is staring longingly after his boyfriend and trading casual conversation with a penguin. He imagined things could be worse.
“I don’t,” She replied after a few moments. She lifted her lips into a mischievous smirk. “Will you rat out a party crasher?”
“Don't you dare use my shampoo on him!” Dean called after Sam. His brother just waved him off as he disappeared down the hall.
Dean’s chest shook as he laughed quietly. He leaned down and kissed the top of Castiel’s head. “Ask me again in the morning.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said honestly. “You’re sixteen without a guardian. They’ll want to put you in foster care unless you can find another relative or family friend to take you in.”
Arby’s
“I can’t believe you just assumed that this was why I called you.”
Dean stood up and moved around the edge of the bed so that he was standing only a few feet away from Cas.
Dean nodded.
She lifted her cup. “I am grateful for my healthy daughter, my loving husband, and my friends at church.”
“Yeah, maybe.” Dean said. He looked out at the ocean. “He’s a good guy, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind being friends with a fuck up like me.”
“Uh Dean?” Sam stared questioningly at his brother from across the table.
He knows time is an issue, the kids will be up soon, so Dean doesn’t tease Castiel any more. He works his way up and down Castiel’s shaft, licking and sucking the way Castiel loves.
Dean nods. “I get it. It’s cool. I’ll just avoid vamps and barns and I’ll be all set.”
Once inside, their first mission was to get drinks. Castiel led the way to the bar and Dean followed closely behind him. Before they could make it there though, Castiel heard the distinctive whoop of his closest friends cheering at his arrival.
“That and you are no where near my type.”
Dean cocked his head to the side as he regarded the strangers ass a little longer than necessary, until the woman behind him hustled him forward. He turned around to apologize, but the woman was less than interested in hearing it. She gave him a strained smile, then pointed ahead again, motioning Dean to move forward once more.
Dean shook his head. “You have absolutely nothing to be sorry for. You don’t pick your family.”
Dean shook hands with both women.
They didn’t talk about how Castiel was relieved that Alex wouldn’t be living with them. They didn’t talk about how Dean still resented Castiel for the death of his friends. These were all things that didn’t need to be said because they just were. Dean and Castiel were in this for the long haul… that’s all that mattered right?
“What’s so funny?” Castiel said as he walked up to Dean, wrapping an arm around Dean’s waist and leaning into him.
Then he secured his gear again and ran toward the building, shouting stuff he couldn’t even understand. Other people were shouting, crying, screaming in pain. There weren’t any screams for help anymore. The building was silent except for the roar of the flames as Dean tried to find a point of entry.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There it is.” Castiel said softly. “That’s the one.”
“No, dumbass.” Dean smiled. “This.”
“I cleaned out this room to prove to you and myself that I am ready for this, that I am
The song is "I'll be there for you" by Bon Jovi.
“Just so you know, your band is fucking horrible and so are your ‘skills’.”
He was going to visit Alex and they were going to talk about normal stuff. The kid was probably desperate for something to do aside from hate herself and everything around her.
He goes to find Castiel.
He wonders briefly how John would have handled this news. He knew part of the reason Dean held back so long was the way they were raised.
Dean and Sam pack up the Impala, and Castiel decides to check on the state of Heaven before he meets them in Kansas.
He knocks on the door and Cas tells him to come in. He finds the Angel doing push-ups and from the sweat pooling on his back, he’s been at it for a while.
They have a late lunch of burgers and shakes around the dining room table and it’s
“Man, that was a long ass day,” Dean says sighing before taking a big gulp of his cold beer and working his tie loose.
Castiel had given no heed to his survival; he fought with all his considerable might slaying thousands of demons as he advanced. He had been astounded and humbled when he had broken through a horde of lower beasts to come upon the being they sought.
walk away from this. She can’t help the tear that escapes then cause it’s just such a fucking
“Yeah, figured we’d need to shower and change before we start talking to people. And I could do with some breakfast.” Dean says putting the car in park. There is a Denny’s across the street and his stomach is growling.
More screams ring out, and the pain has a psychic effect on Sam, making his guts roil. He's not the only one getting affected though- Artemis is pulsing in distress.
“Yeah?” John’s interest peaks at hearing that. He knows there are other residents that live in the bunker with the boys and Mary who are out on a hunt. He didn’t think some of them might be family as Mary is implying.
freak her though. Because he was holding and kissing
"Remember Bobby's wife? She didn't …munch on brains," Sam says, taking a sear next to Dean at the table.
“I still do not understand. If you cast the spell to receive clarity on Benny, why are you still afflicted? “Cas didn’t miss Sam’s staring. “Is Dean under his influence?”
Sam told them about the latest vision, the Guardian showing him beasts being held back, the Chosen, all the talk of balance, and the line ending again. That part always made his heart seize up.
back.
"Don't interrupt me, son! Where're your manners." She scolds him, and he feels frustrated and almost snaps at her but apologizes instead.
He hauled himself up and went over to his sink, rinsing the copper taste from his mouth, putting on his favorite robe and a brave face he set out in search of coffee.  He finds Sam nursing a cup with an open bottle of Tylenol on the countertop.
"Eat up, boy. We got a lot to talk about, and I don't wanna have to yell over that racket." She takes a seat opposite him and gives him a look that says it's not up for discussion.
"Oh yeah, sorry. Anyway, there was a reference to Genesis chapter 38." Kevin points down to open Bible he has on the table. He reads a section out loud.
He opens his mouth to say something then closes it again.
He's mesmerized by the throbbing light, the rhythmic flaring, colors bleeding slightly into each other at the edges.
always yielded.
"I have worked in many gardens," Cas replies entirely serious.
"Just a guess, but translating an ancient language with zero help might be more difficult than we think." Sam tried to reason while getting breakfast supplies from the fridge.
“We could take turns now.” Castiel smiles at his mate feeling the bond hum between them.
“What? Dean and Cas are going to take out all demons? How? “Kevin asks and wriggles away from the
“Gabriel, Gabriel?” Dean asks, “Wasn’t he in witness protection- hiding out as Loki?”
He smells like
“Dude, what the hell was that!?” Dean demands, making no attempt to conceal the fact that he is scared and pissed off.
Cas stays. He doesn’t move from Dean’s bed for days. He keeps vigil and pulses grace into Dean every hour, to no avail. Dean’s vitals are improved, but he is not waking up. His slow, steady breathing is the only sound in the room, and it’s the only thing Cas has to hold onto.
Sam. I tried so hard.” Cas says in a voice so low that if the bar had had any other customers Sam isn’t sure he would have heard him.
“Dean still beat you both. He stabbed me in the chest.” Cas deadpans.
Sam drifts in and out of sleep with his face against the window. He thinks they ought to pull over for the night soon and says as much to Mary when they cross the Arizona border. They agree to pull off at the next exit and find some dinner. He suspects Dean is going to be extra grumpy after going all day without food. He is proven right less than 5 minutes later when he hears a grumble coming from the back seat.
?” Dean says, getting worried merely because Sam and Castiel seemed concerned.
“Na, I think my stomach did the waking. We kinda had an early dinner or late lunch. That was hours ago. I’m starvin’. Dean says as he scoots up to sit next to Cas.
Mary can’t stand it any longer and shoots up to get in the woman’s face before Sam has a chance to “Well, someone should! You traumatized and abused these children, who are now, undoubtedly extremely disturbed adults. You ruined lives, Mrs. Holt. Not to mention the fact that what you did has manifested itself as a murderous presence that threatens more lives. You have a lot to answer for!”
They had found a demon who worked for Crowley during their search for the old prophets' writings. He had thought the demon was looking for the same thing they were and had learned that they were, in fact, on a mission to find the crypts of Lucifer, rumored to contain among other things -the Angel tablet. He had left Kevin, his mother, and the psychic to continue their search for the key to deciphering the tablets, and he'd returned home.
Sam burst out laughing almost falling over: “Seriously?!? You didn’t know about those two? They’ve been an item since we finished up in Montana!” He
“Sam, Benny saved his life. He helped Dean when I – when I …couldnot. “ Castiel’s eyes are, downcast and his aura is ashen as he talks about this. A lump forms in Sam’s throat when he senses guilt and gratitude so intense and exquisitely intermingled from the Angel across him.
He is bone tired. These trials are putting him through the ringer but he can’t sleep.
He surged forward and kissed Cas until they lost themselves in each other.
“Dean- “Cas starts, he wants the say the same to his new husband, that he doesn’t want or need for anything. That he got everything he has ever wanted and what he never even knew he needed. But Dean cuts him off.
Their lips brush softly, tentatively, they are aware of the power this wields. Its already altered the course of their lives and it has the potential to change so much more still.
"That's a comic book, Sam, there's a badass Raccoon, and a tree and a few aliens and a guy with excellent taste in music," Dean says around a mouthful of mostly syrup and some pancake.
Now Artemis was walking Dean and Sam to their deaths. But her aura and its reaction to Prometheus did not escape him this time.
"What'd I do?" Dean sputters indignantly; he hated it when Sam got all cryptic instead of just saying what's on his mind.
Should I stay up and finish the next chapter?
"Do we have a plan?" Cas asked, getting back to business.
"You're thinking deal?" Sam asks
He smirks at Cas and pats him on the shoulder, “Douche move, I hate it when people do that.”
Sam is briefly aware that Cas is glowing too- pulsing a bright blue that hurts his eyes, so he looks away. There's something else surrounding Cas too- he can't quite look directly at the light, so it eludes him, and then the sense falls away again. There's another scream. Sam can sense the pain coming from Cas now too, it's almost physical, and he has a hard time staying upright. It's like Cas is mirroring Alfie's suffering back to him, giving Sam a double dose of it every time his new ability kicks in.
“You too, Sam,” Cas says, looking from Dean to his brother.
“Dean we should talk” Cas says so calmly that it makes Dean want to push past him and never look back. He sounds so casual. Like Dean didn’t practically beg him to come over last night- and the texts flash through his mind making him flush. He wants to puke again.
Dean knows Cas loves him. Apparently, he’s told him before. There was no blow-up. No fight about it. He didn’t kick Cas out of the bunker. Sam feels like he just woke up in bizarro world.
Here you go guys... I am still basking in all the crazy love from everyone. Thank you so much for all the kudos and lovely comments- it means so much.
"This mess, though, is a whole other level of crazy. It's like you, Winchester boys are lightning rods for the supernatural." She shakes her head at him in an odd mixture of sympathy and annoyance.
"Okay, sure, yeah. Believe whatever you want." Sam feels like he's in middle school, passing notes.
They drop Meg off at a bus station, and she tries to entice Cas to join her.
moments of Dean’s life when Sam had asked-so matter-of-factly- if he ought to get
He still needs to research that red tether that seems to have no intention of dulling now that the chain has been severed.
“I would never judge him for making a life for himself. From the way you and Mary talk about them, they clearly love each other.” John feels slightly affronted that Sam would think he’d have a problem with Dean making an unconventional family for himself.
"Geeze Cas, you're such a romantic." Dean teases. "Besides, not all guys are assholes like that."
“Cas, I think he has a hold on Dean. Like he’s put some kind of spell on him.” Sam leans forward and folds his arms on the tabletop. “I’m worried about Dean.”
Cas just looks up from his cup with slightly raised eyebrows focusing on Sam and waits. The guy is very sparing with words, another thing he considered in his analysis as he lay awake last night. He tends to say what needs to be said, gutted down to the core, makes his point with no adjectives or superlatives. Efficient, sometimes brutally honest.
Sam was paralyzed, for a completely new reason and failed to help in any way. His mind was racing with questions and theories.
Oh shit
“You’re married to an
the Guardians; claimed she was part of the first – and I have a mind to believe her. They were a splinter group, a sort of mystical underground railroad. The pagan gods and Heaven made an arrangement to stay in power for longer than was meant for them. Just like the lady said in your last dream- a time for everything."
kitchen is his oldest son. His pride and joy. His perfect boy. On his knees. Betraying everything John held dear. He raised him better than this. Goddamit he wasn’t a perfect father -far from it- but he did better than to deserve this.
He's a little light-headed and looks away from Dean. He stares at the highway to keep from shaking at the sheer magnitude of …of …
"I translated a few sentences on the tablet- it's not making any sense, though. But maybe it will once it's all done."
"Long enough for me to stab it in its throat," Dean replies gruffly.
Sam has been mulling over the things he has learned in the last few days. It keeps him up at night.
Little conversations"
"You tell us, man; I came in and found you on the floor," Sam says, taking a seat next to the teen.
"Oh, Cas is cool. He's not like the rest of them." Sam tries to reassure her- thinking back to when he first learned Dean was talking to an angel and how awed he'd been. Now he thinks of Cas, and he pictures the guy making coffee in their kitchen, watching bad movies with Dean on the couch, and sitting in the back seat. Then his brain flashes with his memories of peeking inside Castiel, and it's a contradiction. The ancient power, the unfathomable being that is their friend. It's such a paradox it makes his head hurt, and his vision goes spotty.
And then there's Cas. The angel has been sticking closer to home than he has in ages. It makes Dean happy. He likes having his family close.
Castiel has secured Naomi in the prison cells of Heaven. He dimly recalled being hosted there some time ago during his "re-education" as Zacharia had called it.
“You want me to write novels?” Kevin asked irritation coming through his voice and his frown deepened.
, in front of your kinda-sorta-maybe
Kevin calls to let them know that the next trial requires them to save an innocent soul from Hell. That sets them off on research once they get back to the bunker. Cas having to explain that sometimes demons intercept souls meant for heaven and detain them -either as leverage or for personal grudges. They are all disheartened to learn this information.
God his pants are getting more uncomfortable by the second and the lack of blood flow to his brain is not helping his synapses.
“Are you angry that we were copulating in a common area?” Cas finally chips in. Dean doesn’t need to look to know his head is tilted and that he has a little scowl on his face. “Dean has a rather well-developed exhibitionist side that I indulge. We have never actually been observed, well rather – we have never upset anyone. I apologize.”
“You are my soul mate Cas. I just married you, babe. I don’t ever want to be without you again. Heaven wouldn’t be paradise for me if you weren’t there and right now we don’t know what happens to you …after.” Dean can’t say it. Cas’ mortality still terrifies him.
Tonight, he walked up to the door and was relieved to see no sock. Thank Chuck. He walked in and shucked his coat off. Dean was watching a rerun of his cheesy medical show- Sam knew because he had seen the episode with Dean- Dr. Piccolo almost loses her license for sleeping with a patient.
"Oh, um yeah. Missouri, this is Kevin, Kevin. Missouri, she's an old family friend," Sam says.
Guys...guys... I am soooo sorry for the delay. I got sucked into doing SupToberArt2018 on tumblr. It was an amazing 31-day Supernatural themed inktober challenge hosted by the crazy talented @wincher-reload and didn't have time to write AND art. If you haven't checked it out- DO IT!!!
“Huh?”  John is confused “Your people?” He gets out and takes a sip from his chocolate shake.
She poked her head in to see who was watching television at this ungodly hour and immediately regretted her phrasing.
“Why?” he finally asks when Mary seems to have gone quiet.
Cas freezes for a second his mind derailing as he thinks about it. Did Dean tell Sam about what happened? That seems unlikely. “Your brother is nothing if not consistent.” He decides that is both vague and honest enough.
.” John breathes out. “Sorry, just...It’s a lot.” He shakes his head and looks back at Dean.
He was taking the shape of a well-dressed distinguished gentleman when he smiled predatorily at his summoners. His eyes ticked down at the trap, and he spoke calmly. "Oh, come now. Can't we do this civilized?"
"You'll never get it if you still don't." Dean shoots his way, he is holding steady with the irritation, and there is another emotion threatening to make itself known, but he can't parse it out yet.
me do anything- it just pushed me to do what I already wanted to.
“I don’t get it. I mean those kids were tortured but they weren’t killed so where are the ghosts coming from?” Eileen signs speaking for the first time. She stops before getting into the car.
"Observe Sentinel. Now is not the time for questions. All will be made clear in due time." She says in her even tone.
Before they part, Castiel pulls Sam aside.
“Dean?!? What the FUCK?!!” John bellows- so loud Dean is sure all of Lebanon heard him. And John violently yanks him by his shoulder. He starts backward- off balance and its a near thing before he manages to stand.
“Dean, the room thing? I mean what’s the deal? We all know you guys are together so why are you sneaking around?”
Seeing as how he was the family patriarch it was hardly surprising at this point. Bobby had once told Castiel -when he appeared again after he
- so much so that he almost forget to be scared.
are darker than others. He files that away for later consideration.
Or…is this a Dean and Cas thing?
“Yeah, between Dean and Cas I don’t even know who has died more at this point.” Sam laughs.
“Me? Why me? I’m not his keeper!” Dean huffs out, watching Cas get out of the monstrosity he refuses to give up.
.” His smile broadens at that making the wrinkles around his eyes scrunch up in a way that makes Castiel’s’ stomach flip.
"Yeah, I thought it was Angel radio first, it changes shape- the first time I noticed- it was just a thin cord, but it didn't do anything. Then I started noticing it would kinda yank him away- like after Alfie." Sam goes on. "He gets this flash of like fear on his face, and then he pops out. But this last time- it was different."
“Maybe there’s something in the house? Fire ax?” Mary suggests and they turn to go back into the house, Sam taking the lead.
“He did” Dean smiles a sweet little smile shaking his head at the thought.
“Him?” he asks incredulously, “Not the Angel?”
“How does what feel?” Dean asks shooting Sam a puzzled look.
Dean had fussed over his ribs for most of the afternoon until Sam told him to quit it- that "Cas was a big boy" and would be fine.
He watches as Dean lifts his head and glares at him but he obediently takes the mug and starts sipping. He goes to the kitchen to get his own and they sit in silence drinking the warm bitter liquid down.
Sam can’t keep it together – he loses it and is laughing loudly slapping the table. His brother struck out on a college campus- it’s finally happening
(See the end of the chapter for
"I have got to get some shut-eye." He glances at the clock; it's a quarter to midnight, no wonder he's beat.
Sam jerks away from her thinking about the time Bobby kissed Crowley to keep his erection in check. It was working- but it won’t last long. He turned away mumbling something about needing to go to the bathroom and hurried to the kitchen in the back pulling out his phone as he went.
. And it was fucking amazing.
Naomi felt the chilling burgeoning edge of fear creep down her neck. Her vessel flushed without her permission. She was slipping. Her control had
,” Sam says, and John doesn’t miss the bite in his words.
They find the portal and make their way through it to Crowley's back yard. Finding Bobby was the easy part -convincing him they were real was harder.
“Yeah no. I mean I get that. The place was pretty shitty- I remember and I was only there for a few hours.” He takes a big gulp of the room temperature liquid.
Dean thinks he looks embarrassed. Cas must realize that his secret is out. He knows Dean heard her.
“Oh cool! You’re Grandpa John!” The kid exclaims and suddenly he reminds John of a puppy- before he can reply the kid has him wrapped up in a too-tight hug.
He shook his head in amusement; she sure was something else.
Cas frowns and yanks the mailbox open since it's new and sticks a little.
It was enough to make him believe in soulmates again. He smiles thinking about little feet running up and down the halls of the Bunker and says a little prayer to whoever is listening thanking them for sending this Angel into Dean’s life.
“Dean.” Cas winced as he pulled himself to sitting and brought his eyes back up to the hunter. “Please don't do this. You are better than this.”
Trying not to let his concern taint his visit with his parents, when Dean finally sat in front of his parents' graves, he delved into a long-winded ramble about Alex. He planned to visit her after his shift tomorrow and hoped that maybe they’d do better than last time. Sure, Alex opened up and really allowed herself to feel her pain, but Dean didn’t want the kid to constantly suffer.
Castiel could feel the words forming. The words he had yet to say because it felt like a betrayal somehow. He knew it wasn’t true. He knew that Inias would want him to move on, to love again. He just didn’t think Inias would like knowing how much more Castiel loved Dean. Castiel knew it didn’t matter though because the words were in the back of his throat. They were sitting there. Pushing upwards. On the tip of his tongue…
Sam waited a moment before asking, “Any progress with Metatron?”
Dean shrugged and then plopped down on the couch, stretching his legs out over Castiel’s lap and settling in. He raised his eyebrows suggestively. “Whatever we want, Cas. We’ve got nothing but time on our hands.”
Sam pulled the bitch face again. “That’s not what I’m saying. I’m just saying your job shouldn’t be your identity, and I think you deserve a break. You know? I think you deserve to do something just because you want to.”
than ready for this,” he told Dean. “I know it’s only been four months, and that maybe it’s too fast to make such a commitment, but-“
He thought he understood what he and Castiel had. He thought they were friends with some not so friendly feelings for each other. They were friends that hooked up when they were in town, and continued to be friends afterwards. He cared about Cas, but it’s not like they were in any position to actually be together. He assumed Castiel felt the same way.
“You have her now too,” Jo replied softly and then turned her face to capture Charlie’s lips. Dean and Castiel looked away and to each other, each of them wearing a fond smile.
Castiel just glared at his brother, but nodded nonetheless.
“Hey ya, Sammy,” Dean said, balancing his phone between his shoulder and his face. “What’s up?”
“Is that going to be a problem?”
“Looks like I’m the one doing the favors here, Cas.” Dean says, looking up to his husbands face as he licks a long stripe up Castiel’s shaft.
He reached down, curling his hand around Cas’ wrist, signaling him to stop stroking Dean’s dick. Which was a shame really, but there was nothing for it; if Cas kept doing this, it would all be over in a few moments and Dean just knew he needed Cas inside of him before they got there.
“Dean?” Cas asks carefully, “Is this about what I said before…” he trails of.
Before his nerves could get the better of him Dean leaned forward, pressing his face to the now naked skin of Castiel’s lower belly, nose buried in the dark swatch of hair that led downwards from Castiel’s navel and his lips teasing at the hem of his boxers. The smell of him was almost intoxicating and blindly Dean reached up to help Cas shed the shirt and jacket still clinging to his shoulders.
When Dean finally slips fully free and Cas steps away, Dean finds that his own two legs can hold him upright again. A second later though Sam is one him, barreling into him for a bone-crushing hug that Dean is almost worried will send him stumbling back into the damn nail again if Sam isn’t careful. But then he lets himself go, let’s Sam burry into his shoulder, sobbing and trembling as his body tries to catch up with his sudden relief. Dean wraps his arms around Sam in turn, soothing him. They almost lost this, lost each other, Dean was ready to, Sam clearly wasn’t and Dean feels bad for putting him through this once again; the pain of losing Dean even if this time he didn’t after all.
“Because we have a mission for you. Events are being set into motion, events that will eventually lead to what you would refer to as the apocalypse.”
“Yeah, go ahead. I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep tonight.”
He wrapped his hand around the back of Castiel’s neck, pulling him down into another kiss. Cas took hold of his leg and angled it to give himself more room. He pushed his finger in deeper and left Dean moaning into their kiss.
“Sam,” Dean eventually says, “I’m not scared. Not more than usual anyway. Not more than is actually healthy.” He means every word of it but when Sam looks up he doesn’t look convinced. Dean sighs. He begins to understand that if he wants Sam to get out of the bunker without him, nothing short of the truth will work. So he takes a deep breath and gears up for the inevitable chick-flick moment.
Now as he thinks about Sam and Eileen, about Jack and what the future might hold for him; now as he looks into Castiel’s eyes and pictures the road that stretches out in front of all of them, Dean doesn’t much care if there is a destination somewhere out there. He already has everything he’s ever wanted travelling right there beside him.
Cas, blessedly, didn’t ask him if he was sure. Dean himself didn’t even know if he was, all he knew was that part of him had wanted it for far too long and Dean had always denied it but couldn’t now, not when it could very well be the last night on earth for real this time.
Dean simply jerked his thumb over his shoulder to indicate the burned out husk of the demon lying right there.
“Jack.”
“Yes,” Cas made it sound like that was a good thing. “And it’s why we’re gonna beat Chuck. Because we make our own decisions. Decisions he can’t fully understand. Maybe that’s what frustrates him so much.”
Not that Dean wouldn’t deserve it.
Right in this moment Chuck held no power over them, no-one did. It was nothing like Chuck had planned for Dean. It certainly wasn’t what John Winchester had wanted for his son either. Here, naked and panting, with Castiel buried to the hilt inside of him, Dean truly felt free for the first time in his life; truly like himself.
Cas starts to maneuver them backwards, both of them more or less awkwardly stepping out of their pants along the way. Cas spins around and pushes Dean back onto the bed before following after him, covering Dean’s body with his own.
“This is acceptable. We shall seal our deal then.”
“For what it’s worth,” he mumbled, utter exhaustion dragging his eyelids down and slurring his speech. “I don’t think any of the other Deans ever fell in love with the angel that raised them from perdition.” He pressed a lazy kiss to Castiel’s collarbone. “Fools, all of them.”
“Dean!”
He took hold of Castiel’s hand and lifted it to his lips, swirling his tongue around Cas’ index and middle finger before sucking them into his mouth. He resisted the urge to close his eyes, if only so he could watch Castile’s above him grow impossibly darker still; the striking blue of them swallowed up by his pupils as Dean sucked and licked his fingers, covering them in as much spit as he could.
Once the door to Dean’s room is shut behind them with the rest of the world locked out for the time being, Dean slips Castiel’s by now completely unbuttoned shirt off his shoulders and takes a moment to just drink him in. His view however gets obscured by his own t-shirt as Cas pulls it over his head. Once his arms are free from his sleeves, Dean wraps them around Cas and pulls him close, trading looking for feeling, the slide of naked skin against naked skin a thrilling sensation.
Given that they still had to find a way to stop Chuck, there wasn’t time for this. But they would make time. Because Dean needed this now, needed it like the whole damn universe depended on it. Given everything he had heard today, maybe it did.
It doesn’t take much, a few strokes of Castiel’s hand while he keeps on hitting that spot deep inside him and Dean falls apart.
It’s the best kiss of Dean’s entire life.
“Why? There is nothing to be sorry about. It was my choice to make and I made it gladly.”
The man across from him levelled him with a stern look. “You don’t understand. There is more at stake here than just your life.”
“You can take the front seat.” Dean tells Sam without taking his eyes off of Cas.
“Yeah well, guess what, you didn’t.” Frustration makes Dean’s voice loud and sharp but he can’t stop himself now anymore, all the doubts he had come spilling out of him. “You are… you
He watched almost hypnotized as the blue strip of fabric fell towards the ground eventually and Cas started unbuttoning his dress shirt. Licking his lips, Dean curled his hands around Cas’ hips, pulling him a bit closer and then popping the button of his trousers. The zipper followed and Dean pushed Castiel’s trousers down the angel’s legs as far as he could reach from his sitting position on the bed.
Dean broke their kiss in order to pull his shirt over his head and to sit down on the mattress. When he looked up again it was to see Cas loosening his tie.
“No.” Dean eventually allows himself to tell Castiel. “No, maybe it’s not so tragic after all.”
But then, without taking his gaze off the glowing starts so far away, Cas continues:
After eventually seeing Sam out of the bunker, Dean leaves Miracle dosing on his favourite blanket in the corner of the library and wanders down the hall. He tries to come up with a plan for the rest of the day. Maybe a movie afternoon with Cas is in order. Dean has sorely missed those during these past few months when they had to focus all their attentions on getting rid of Chuck. He remembers vaguely that he told Cas that they really ought to watch
idea.
He hands the bottle of lube over to Cas before he might start to interpret Dean’s hesitation as anything more profound as Dean working through the logistics of it all.
They tear down the last wall in heaven together.
Cas groans. “That sounds like a western. You are aware that I’m not actually all that interested in these movies, right?”
Dean knows he’s dying and he’s okay with that. It’s the way he always thought he would go, the way all hunters go eventually that are not protected by some higher being keeping them alive for their amusement. Dean has always known it would end like this. He just didn’t think it would be today. He thought he had a bit more lifetime ahead of him.
Sam lifts his head from where it’s buried in Dean’s shoulder to look. “Cas?”
“I do.” If they were here now, it was not because of Chuck, it was despite him. All the times Cas had died or left, all the times Dean pushed him away, and yet over and over Cas had managed to come back to him, had refused to leave or to stay dead just like he had refused to follow heavens orders. It had never gone according to Chuck’s plan and apparently Chuck had never been able to figure out why.
“Anyway,” Dean presses on. “I feel like I should stick around until he’s got a grasp on the finer points of human life. Also make sure he doesn’t burn down the kitchen while we’re gone.”
“And how are we gonna do that, huh? Just tell me. Because as far as I can see, Billie is not gonna help us anymore, and Chuck is even more powerful now because he
Dean clears his throat and tries to somehow defuse the awkward silence that has settled over them. “Maybe you could just throw the knife.”
Cas nods. “Yes. I do understand.” He understands perfectly. And even though a part of it is vaguely daunting it is also wonderful and exciting. It is a chance. Jack called it a price to pay but Cas can’t help to somehow feel that it’s also a gift to be received. Cas can breathe freely now for the first time since Dean’s pain took hold of him so suddenly. Now Cas knows that it will all turn out to be okay.
He’s proven right when Jack says: “I stand by my rule. No more angels walking the earth. Do you understand?”
It was the cosmic culmination to a story Chuck hadn’t written.
That gives Dean a clean slate then, and not just because Cas put him back together only last week. It’s been a while, and even though Dean had liked to tell himself that it was because he was simply way too busy saving the world, he can admit now that one-night-stands had started to lose their appeal somewhere along the way quite some time ago.
“I am so proud of you.”, he tells Jack. “And so is your mother.”
“Jack is stable.”, he told Dean from where he awkwardly stood halfway across the room. “We sent him to his room to rest for the time being while we figure out a new plan.”
If he doesn’t tell Cas tonight, he never will.
It sounded ominous put like that but it wasn’t like Dean had a choice. And whatever this guy and his pals up in the clouds had planned for him, could it really be worse than an eternity in hell? And if it was, did it matter? No, not if it brought Sam back.
„There‘re called Western, Cas.“ The comment comes as a knee-jerk reaction but Dean’s voice is shaky. Because when Cas talked about home, he apparently meant the bunker. But Dean has to be sure. “That meaning you gonna stick around with us?”
Cas hesitates a moment but then apparently decides that he will humor Dean on this one. He gingerly takes the Shuriken Dean’s offering him and turns back towards the targets. Dean watches him adjusting his stance and lining up his shot before Cas sends the throwing star flying with astonishingly practiced ease. One of the spikes embeds itself right in the target silhouette’s head, practically pinning the cardboard to the wall right behind it.
He turns his face into the sun, just enjoying it for a moment before turning to Jack at his side, his heart once again swelling at what this now all-powerful being he considers his son has created.
And with that Cas opens his door and gets out of the car.
Cas simply nods. “Yes.”
“You.” It comes out of Cas half a whisper and half a moan. A revelation - like they haven’t already established that. Even though the gravity of it still makes Dean’s stomach flutter upon hearing it.
For a moment the three of them just stand there, just looking in turn at each other.
Jack chews his bottom lip. It’s the most human gesture Cas has seen on him since Jack raised him from the Empty. “Before you go, there is one last question I have.” And for once it doesn’t feel like Jack asks just for the sake of it but because he truly wants to know.
“Yeah great idea, Sammy.” Dean says with a heavy dose of sarcasm. “And who’s gonna look after Cas? He’s been human how long now? A week? There’s still a lot he needs to figure out.”
“I just need something, anything, that’s real.” Dean didn’t quite know what exactly he was asking for, not until Castiel lifted his hand to gently, almost hesitantly, cup his cheek and Dean closed his eyes. He didn’t need to see to know what was going to happen. It was like he was falling, every fiber of his being bracing for the inevitable impact. When it came with the firm press of Castiel’s lips to his the world came to a halt. And within the walls of his bedroom Dean created his own universe, free from Chuck’s influence, as he kissed Cas back with everything he still had to offer.
And there they were, the words Dean had feared for so long, because he hadn’t known what he would do with them if they ever came. They weren’t so scary anymore now, and as it turned out all Dean had to do was let them wash over him and sooth his soul. It seemed to be answer enough for Cas when Dean eventually recaptured his lips and brought his hands up to push the trench coat from Cas’ shoulders.
This is easier. Just letting go. Knowing that Sam will be alright somehow and live the life he deserves and Dean not having to care for his own anymore.
That seems to gear Cas into action again, Dean’s desires always more important to him than his own, even as tangled and overlapping as they are right now. “Yes.
“You should go back to your brother. He shall be waiting for you. I will call upon you when your services are needed.”
“Yes. I will do whatever you want me to do.”
Now as Dean turns back around he looks at the road beyond the wind shield again. The new world is stretching out in front of them and Dean wonders what he will do with all this freedom, all this possibility.
Dean truly has no illusions about that one. Cas might still be trying to pick up some skills he previously had no use for, and he might have lost his supernatural abilities but the muscle memory that comes with eons as a warrior are still there. And since last week when Cas walked into the kitchen one morning wearing one of Dean’s old faded t-shirts and treated Dean to a view of the sleeves practically clinging to Castiel’s biceps, he has a pretty good idea what kind of physical strength Cas still has at his disposal as well.
Still Dean’s heart clenches and starts beating faster as the weight of what he has to do now catches up with him. It’s positively terrifying. Dean knows that telling Cas how he feels should not be scarier than facing the creator of the universe, but somehow it is. Dean‘s always been better at fighting than he is with words.
As he walks into the library he finds Sam looking at something on his laptop at one of the tables. Sam notices him and waves him over.
“Okay.” Dean concedes, “So maybe you suck a little bit. Who cares? I know you could still take me in a knife fight any day.”
Cas took a moment to think about it then nodded solemnly. “Yes. I would assume it’s true.”
“Yes”, Jack confirms still calm and collected, “He’s dying. I can feel it too.”
Castiel seemed to consider this.
“What are you guys doing?”
And people, living together, creating new memories instead of reliving old ones.
In the distance Castiel can see Bobby talking to Ellen and Jo, explaining the new situation to them. From what Cas can gather from their conversation, they are thinking about setting up a Roadhouse, a place for everyone to come together. Cas likes the idea.
“Yes.”, Cas said with a real smile on his face now. Apparently he took it as a compliment. Dean supposed that in a way, it was.
Yes, Dean thought, this was getting better and better. “The apocalypse?”
And Cas obliges, letting Dean slip from his mouth again and crawling up Dean’s body to press their lips together instead.
“What about Cas?”
“You will have to make a choice, Castiel.”
get your miracle.”
Dean’s not even aware that they moved until his back hits the wall, Cas’s hand cradling the back of his head both to soften the impact and to change the angle of their kiss as it grows more heated. Dean manages to slip a leg between Castiel’s and if he had any lingering doubts about just how human Castiel’s feelings run they would evaporate now under the hard outline of Castiel’s cock pressed against his thigh.
“What?” Cas looks confused, like Dean lost him with his thought process somewhere.
Jack draws his brows together in confusion, the godly façade slipping more and more; the curious teenager he was shining through once more. “Then why wouldn’t you want Dean to join us here now? He wouldn’t have to fight anymore. He could be at peace.”
“How? How was that different?”
Cas kisses him like he’s a desert wanderer who happened upon a stream, like a sinner who has found salvation, like’s been granted a previously unimaginable miracle and – not sure if it’s to last – is holding onto it with every fiber of his being for however long he will be allowed to.
Dean glares at his brother. “Just… figuring some stuff out.” It probably isn’t very convincing what with Dean’s hands still bunched in Cas’s coat and Cas’s arms somewhere around Dean’s middle, his fingers splayed across the small of Dean’s back right in Sam’s immediate line of sight. But right now Dean couldn’t give less of a damn about it. “Go back to sleep, bitch.”
And then Castiel’s eyes flare bright blue with his grace, his hands glowing…
“Bullshit.” Dean shot back without hesitation and glared at the being in front of him. “There’s no such thing.”
Which is great, Dean figures, but the thing is he hadn’t been able to tell what exactly Cas meant back then and he’s just as clueless now. Because love, Dean has learned, comes in many different shapes and forms.
He tried his best to honor Castiel’s - everyone’s – sacrifice, tried to be happy and to enjoy the little things in life. And it worked during the busy times of the day when he got to cuddle with Miracle or eat his favorite pie. It was harder at night and in the silent moments in the bunker. The moments when he remembered Cas; his serious expression and unintentionally funny remarks, how he would look at Dean like Dean was something special… how the Empty took him, how it had been Dean’s fault, the times when he woke up from sleep, hazily thinking about something funny he would like to tell Cas later when they ran into each other in the kitchen before reality caught up to him. It took a lot out of Dean to stay true to his conviction then, to not fall into despair like he had any other time he lost Cas before. To keep fighting has been hard.
Cas goes completely still against him, lips unmoving, unresponsive and an icy cold shoots through Dean’s veins at the idea that somehow, incredibly, he still managed to misread the entire situation. He pulls away quickly again and searches Castiel’s face. It pulls painfully at his heartstrings when he finds Cas looking incredibly sad. A hand against his chest tries to push him away.
“It’s been quite a day.”
“Fuck.” A stream of breathless expletives leaves Dean’s mouth without ever passing his brain while Cas keeps up his ministration and works him open with first one and then two fingers.
Dean takes another pull of his beer and then a refreshing gulp of night air right after. He sets his beer down on the earth packed ground next to the car in order to avoid having to look at Cas for a moment. Next to him Cas remains silent. Even as Dean comes back up, he doesn’t seem about to say anything further. Dean knows it’s up to him then.
Cas keeps trailing kisses down Dean’s chest and abdomen, stubbles scraping along his skin, until his lips brush the waistband of Dean’s boxers.
“Of course. Where else would I go?”
Dean reached between them to open the button of his own trousers. Cas easily lifted Dean’s hip of the bed to drag his pants and boxers down in one go, freeing his already leaking dick, and yeah, Dean mused, shows of angelic strength were a definite turn on for him. Not that he had time to think much about it as Cas, having divested Dean of the last of his clothes, hooked his fingers into the waistband of his own underwear and pulled that down as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean.” His shoulder was squeezed once more before Cas took a step back to be able to look down at Dean’s face again. “Chuck manipulated all of us. This isn’t just on you. And even so, I think he has less control than you might think.”
He can’t tell Cas all of that right now, he’s not even sure he’ll ever find the words at all, so he tries to put it all in his kiss, wanting Cas to know that this isn’t going away. Cas can have this.
Dean suddenly feels like someone punched him in the gut, because once again it’s his fault, once again Cas gave up part of himself to save Dean. “I’m so sorry.”
Cas gives him a look that says ‘
By now Dean has had time to come to terms with his own feelings, unearthing all the stuff he’s been pushing down and burying deep inside himself for years. The thing is, he’s still not quite sure if what Cas feels for him is the same. There was a certain connotation to Castiel’s declaration for sure but maybe that was just what Dean wanted to hear in that moment. Who’s to say that angels even feel love the same way humans do? Maybe Castiel’s love for him runs along the same lines as his love for humanity in general, a deep seated care and affection of course but nothing actually romantic. Castiel’s silence on the whole matter doesn’t bode well either; like maybe Cas feels like he said what needed saying and it doesn’t warrant a reply from Dean after all.
Dean just nodded, he couldn’t bring himself to meet Castiel’s eyes, too afraid of the silent accusation he might find there.
“To prevent a great calamity. You cannot give yourself over to the legions of hell.”
“Castiel, we agreed, that the time of angels on earth must end.”
“I get that but that doesn’t mean you have to do it through hunting.”
Cas shifts his hips and Dean all but howls as, on the next push, Cas’s dick brushes up against his prostate. If Dean had any breath left to spare he would beg Cas do it again but fortunately that isn’t necessary as Cas keeps on going for the same angle anyway.
When Cas reaches for the bottle their fingers brush. It’s over a second later and nothing that hasn’t happened a dozen times before on nights out on the road drinking beer together; and yet… tonight everything feels heightened and charged with an energy Dean’s afraid will culminate in a stroke of lightning sooner or later. He tries to concentrate on his own beer instead, taking a big swig to calm his nerves.
“This.” Cas whispers hoarsely. Then with more conviction: “Us. We are real.”
Dean gets out of the car and starts walking around towards the trunk, stretching a bit to work out the stiffness of his muscles from the long drive and telling himself that’s also the reason why his legs feel like they are about to turn to jelly and not the nervous anticipation of things to come.
He caught Castiel’s eyes, seeing concern mixed with the almost desperate desire. “No, don’t you dare suggest we stop now. Just get on with it.”
anything. And now he can’t describe the feeling of actually getting what he wants most in all the world. And it’s not just that. It’s knowing that he can give Dean something that Dean wants, that he can provide him happiness. He doesn’t think any human language he knows has a word for it, Enochian certainly doesn’t.
“I don’t have a choice in this do I?” Dean groaned.
Castiel couldn’t find his voice.
Dean looked at him through the dark like he wanted to devour Castiel, and Castiel absolutely loved that someone was looking at him that way, but he refused to be the one to act first this time. Dean was leaving, which pretty much sucked, but they had tonight and if they were going to use their time wisely, Castiel wanted the memory of Dean making the first move.
The kiss stayed delicate and sweet, and Dean felt butterflies in his stomach like he did at the beginning of their relationship. He slotted their mouths together and deepened the kiss, all while his heart beat ruthlessly against his chest.
“What’d you find?” Castiel asked from the doorway.
“Dean?” Cas tried again.
As soon as the door was shut, Dean groaned and dropped his head into his hands. Castiel let out a loud, full on belly laugh.
“Yes,” Sam replies instantly. Dean wants to say it too, but he knows its not true so he refuses. He bites his lip.
“Castiel...hi.” He said, looking between Castiel and Anna.
“Are you…” Jack pauses, his brow furrowed tight in conflict. “Are you happy here?”
“Jack?” Sam cries. “What are you doing here?”
Dean’s face turned bright red, not just from anger at the little asswipes David and Abe, but from embarrassment. He was positive that the sex talk was not his area as the uncle, but he didn’t want to leave Ben thinking there was something bad or inherently wrong about his and Castiel’s relationship. He contemplated calling Sam for advice on what to say- or more importantly- not to say, but ultimately decided to treat Ben the way he would his own kid. Sam would probably be fine with anything he would say anyway.
“You can go back to Earth. Live a life you choose. Or you can go to the real Heaven and rest eternally. It’s your choice.”
“Alright, I’m calling this shit show.” Meg announced, baby on her hip. “Just burn it down and collect the insurance.”
“Uh,” Dean interrupted. “Before we do that…can we get back to the part about the convicted murderer sleeping in the same house or…”
“Woah.” Dean said, looking through the windshield and his jaw dropping slightly. “Swanky. Is this where all the hollywood types go for New Years?”
“Oh please!” Sam laughed. “You’re chicken shit!”
He was meeting his buddy from college to discuss his idea for their new buisness. Internet buisnesses were going to take off in the next few years, and he had an idea that was going to make them a whole lot of cash. Dean was only a year out of school and already his plan for life was working out great.
Castiel laughed, despite the small aneurysm Dean experienced at the slip of tongue. They had had enough relationship upgrades for the time being. Castiel didn’t bluster at the joke, though.
“Yes.” Castiel nodded. “I met someone. So..”
It was hard and crushing, but it was a kiss that would fuel every fantasy Castiel would dream up from that day on.
“Well, I’m not one for tradition, but I do believe we’ve forgotten a big part of this day.” He raised his plastic cup of beer, took a moment, and then smiled. “On this Thanksgiving, I am grateful for my job, my lack of children, and my ability to torture my family members and still remain loved.” He looked over to Amelia, who smiled and nodded.
Not his proudest moment.
Two chapters back-to-back? Well, I couldn't leave you hanging like that. That would be mean and we've collectively had enough of that in this fandom!
“You’re going to have to break this down for me Dean because I’m not really following. What exactly are you upset about?”
The crowd that had collected around the courtyard clapped for him, and Castiel joined in.
There was soft instrumental music playing, which unsettled Castiel slightly as he was feeling playful and not at all interested in an emotionally charged conversation.
Dean felt his climax coming, he just needed a little something extra to push him over the edge. Castiel sounded like he was close too, his cock thrusting into him relentlessly as he groaned obscenities behind him.
He drifted off to sleep moments later, with Castiel still inside of him, and the knots in his body finally worked out.
“Where do you want my mouth, Dean?” Castiel whispered between his thighs, his breath hot against him. He kissed along the crease, the side of Castiel’s head brushing against Dean’s erect cock.
