"Sherlock!" He snapped, "Forget about the bloody case and just pack your bags! For me! We can move to America or Australia and you can solve all the cases your little heart wants to! But let's just get a fresh start!"
About four days later it was time for the funeral. They had gone to the viewing the night before and Sherlock was a wreck. He had stayed next to his mother’s casket the whole time and would occasionally run his fingers through her hair. Even though she was dead she looked beautiful, really they did a beautiful job.
John sighed and just left the hospital, he didn’t know where to go and he didn’t know what to do, but he most certainly didn’t want to go back to the flat where Brian could come home at any second. He walked aimlessly around London until he found himself in a quaint little pub. John huffed because of course he would end up here, following after his father it seemed. Still, he slowly walked over to the bar and sat down, debating on whether he should actually purchase a drink or not. He stared down at the sticky counter and sighed again.
“My son is a fag and so is my daughter! I’m a raging alcoholic and your mother hates me! I also tried to kill my two children and that’s a life sentence in jail... I can’t run forever, John, so I’m ending it now... and I’m taking you with me because even though I can’t rid the world of all poofs at least I can take my own son in the process!” He growled and then stomped on the gas harder, “Not too much longer now.”
The man hummed and nodded, “Oh, yes! I suppose you could say I’m his biggest fan, but unfortunately for me he would think of us as enemies – archenemies if you will.”
“Sherlock, don’t make me say it, two weeks ago you wouldn’t tell me…” Mycroft paused and collected himself slightly before carrying on, “It was him, wasn’t it? He beat you up.” He said it like a question, but they both knew it was a statement. Mycroft wasn’t asking, he already knew.
“No! No... No, I don’t... I’m just saying that you probably live closer to the school than I do, that’s all.”
Claire reached into the bag and handed him a box of sweet and sour chicken, and a box of ham fried rice, “Just eat what you can.” She said softly and handed him a plastic fork.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and looked at the man, really looked. His eyes widened in shock and his mouth dropped a bit, opening and closing like a fish before he could finally speak. “Jim...”
John whined softly. “Grant..? Gavin..? Oh!” he whispered. “Oh… the bunny’s name was Greg something. Greg Messpod? I- I don’t remember, I can’t think.” He whined again. “He works for the bunny football team. They are very good, you know.”
John swallowed and walked over to him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and kissed his back, letting him know that he was here, but never pulling him away from her.
“John Watson. This is Sebastian Moran.” The voice growled. “I have a job for you and you will accept it, do you understand?” He snapped.
Sherlock swallowed hard. “What was him..?” He knew what Mycroft was talking about… of course he did. He was not a stupid boy, but he just hoped Mycroft would drop it.
“MYCROFT!!! HE’S A MEANIE!! MAKE HIM STOP I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING!!!!” He cried harder and wanted to get up and run away, but he couldn’t move his body and why couldn’t he move?
John swallowed and looked down, “Yeah... I know it sounds stupid, but I can’t give up on you that easily...” He wanted to be confident, to look Sherlock square in the eyes and not back down. But he couldn’t, and even if he could, he was too exhausted right now.
John was nervous and he was fumbling with the stupid plastic condom! He wasn’t even sure if there was a correct way to roll it on. Did it matter what side you used? God, he was embarrassing himself, but finally he got it on and lined himself up with Sherlock. “Like this…?”
“John, no! You are being ridiculous! I’m sleeping on the floor no matter what! So you sleep on the floor with me or you get the bed!”
Sherlock nodded and then stood up to walk to the couch so he could see the television. He sat down and they watched Doctor Who, he was honestly thankful that Brian sat on the other end of the couch. Unfortunately, after a couple of minutes his brain started to feel foggy and his muscles started to feel heavy, he tried to raise an arm, but he honestly just… couldn’t. He blinked sluggishly and slowly turned to look at Brain, “What’d you do to me?” He slurred a bit and leaned against him... if he had chosen to lean the other way he would have fallen off the couch and not leaning on something wasn’t an option at the moment.
Sherlock thought of a thousand different ways, more intimate ways… that they could do it, but John was inexperienced and so was he, so those positions were for a later time. He nodded slowly and then John pushed inside of him. It stung… It stung a lot, but he was a trooper and squeezed his hands into the bed sheets. John was definitely bigger than three fingers, but he supposed most men were bigger than three fingers.
John swallowed hard and closed his eyes. He counted to ten and then followed Sherlock. He knew he should apologise, but he couldn't... He was angry and that was their last chance... He decided to push all the feelings away and focus on the case like he had originally planned. He had never backed out of a clients request before, he wasn't about to now. He tried to run and he failed. He wasn't about to give Sherlock any second chances.
“Well, we let ourselves in... however! I solved the case so really you should be thanking me. It was the husband. Now, like I told Anderson you should probably go arrest him!” Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at the hands on his arms. Really? He had just smoothed out the wrinkles Anderson had caused.
And then he watched as John bolted, he watched as John ran for a total of thirty-three seconds before he collapsed and had his breakdown on the grass. With each word that John screamed his heart broke a little more, but he knew it was nothing compared to the pain John had felt. He also knew John was feeling worse right now than he had ever felt, feeling worse than Sherlock had ever felt. Yes, Sherlock experienced a world without John. A world where he thought John was dead. But he knew that was nothing compared to experiencing a world where he had to watch his lover choose to take his own life. A world where nothing you said to them could make them change their mind or stay.
He sighed, “He was born. That’s what he did. I didn’t want another child because Mycroft was perfect, but then his fucking mother’s vagina tore a hole in the condom. I swear the bitch has teeth in there,” he mumbled to himself before picking up his voice again. “So, she got pregnant! I’ve hated him ever since!”
John tugged her into the bed and kissed her deeply, shoving his tongue in her mouth. After a while of kissing he slowly snuck his hand up her shirt and cupped her breast. He swallowed some and wanted to jerk away, but didn’t. It – it wasn’t right at all. He didn’t like the feeling of it in his hand in the slightest. He growled and shoved the feelings farther down. He needed to do this – Even though he hardly knew the girl, he needed to have this happen. He took a breath and started kissing her again, trying to get back the energy he had before.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes. “Get off of me!” He pushed John a bit so that John fell on the floor and landed on his bum, it wasn’t a hard push, but it was the farthest thing John had been expecting so he lost his balance.
Sherlock took a sharp breath and still wouldn’t look at him, “yep. And I’ll probably continue using you...” He said truthfully. And he knew he shouldn’t, he knew John would be so disappointed with him, but John wasn’t here. He left Sherlock alone – he left knowing he would probably die. John’s opinion didn’t matter anymore, but Sherlock couldn’t help but think that it actually still did.
“What makes now different? Why are you here now then... can't he still kill us...?” he whispered and looked at Sherlock for the first time. “Aren’t you risking everyone’s life right now just by being here?” He said icily, but at least he was looking at Sherlock. Baby steps. Sherlock would take whatever John would give him.
John blinked. “Umm.. You’re welcome…?” He awkwardly wrapped his arms around this strange man that was hugging him and didn’t exactly know what to do.. Eventually the man pulled away and John awkwardly picked up
That was the first one John sent after he returned to camp from the mission. He was so naïve back then and it hurt him. He waited two weeks before he wrote the next one… that one was filled with worry because he was afraid something had happened, Sherlock's dad did threaten to come after him. Eventually, he just started writing every single day. He would have laughed at the idea of it all because it was almost like The Notebook, but he was too worried and angry to laugh. It had only been a few weeks, but he had grown so much… Perhaps, he needed Sherlock to disappear so he could grow, but still… That didn’t help what he was feeling.
When Sherlock plopped down next to John, John cringed a bit. Sherlock’s smell was almost overwhelming, it hadn’t even been a full twenty-four hours yet and John was missing him like a mental person. He knew it was stupid, but he just thought that he and Sherlock were meant to be together. They just fit and he felt like they belonged together, forever... John wasn’t going to give up so easily. He licked his lips and looked at Sherlock. “I know... I know it was just an experiment, but maybe- I mean do you want to-“ God, he was asking out the person that broke up with him. Again pathetic. But he just couldn’t seem to let Sherlock go.
He took a breath and nodded, “I know… I’ve tried, but you haven’t really been getting back to me. So, I thought I would come see you. Also the fact that I have no one and just really needed my mother.”
Some guy came to the front of the room and stood right in front of the casket, “If you would like to say your last goodbyes to Lily Holmes please do so now.” Sherlock’s eyes swelled up with tears and he didn’t want it to end. He was going to close the casket and then she wouldn’t be able to breathe! He didn’t even know who this man was, but he didn’t like him! How dare he close his mother in a box and put her under the ground.
John stood up and walked over to him, “there is a difference between not trusting someone, and knowing when they are lying. If you have nothing to hide take off your shirt.” He said firmly. He didn’t know why he was so sure it had to do with Sherlock's body, the fact that he never showed any skin in front of John told him as much. John hardly took off his shirt ever since he got his scar, he knew the signs.
Sherlock slowly looked at John and swallowed, “Umm, John... I don't mean to be rude, but I would appreciate it if I had time alone with my mother...” He whispered and looked back at his mum. He lifted his free hand and brushed the hair out of her face.
John hissed as he shoved Sherlock slightly because really? He couldn’t even bloody touch him now? Though, the feeling of Sherlock was so real under his hands that he faltered for a moment before he slowly regained himself, shaking his head vigorously, "Nope. You're dead. You died two years ago. And I'm sorry, but I'm done listening to you. I didn't listen to you when you told me to just end it, and I'm not listening to you now when you're telling me to keep going." He grumbled and started walking back to the ledge.
"It's just, you...you pretend and pretend and pretend." John said shaking his head and wondering why his brain wasn't coordinating what his mouth was saying. He sounded so bitter, so helpless. "...And what if all of this is just another one of your lies? What if I'm just a joke to you?"
John took it as a good sign and started planting kisses over the to of Sherlock's cock, small, chaste kisses than later turned into open-mouthed, raw kisses, as John took him in.
Sherlock entered the interrogation room carrying the knife and explained carefully how he had killed Alice. A detailed, precise description that Sherlock had managed to put together after talking to Melissa and deducing the guy's manners.
He felt as cold and hollow as the Tate Modern should have been before being turned into a museum. He saw nothing, he understood nothing, and he felt disgusted by the profession he had desired to follow. The golden age of art was gone, and now there was nothing but the remnants of it, mixed with junk, and that was modern art. But-
"I prefer Buddy Holly if you ask, but yeah, Elvis is pretty good" she said drinking the last sip of beer at her cup. Then she looked at Sherlock's cup, which was still half-full, took it and started drinking.
He got out of the bathroom, grabbed his coat and wrapped his scarf around himself when he heard a sleepy, "Sherlock?"
Their lips met once again. It was impossible not to. They were magnetic forces dragging each other in with a desperate need.
He found two matches with a C, in which he could choose one because they’d been killed at their own house, as was the killer’s MO. Cornelia Rotten, stabbed forcefully, seven months before Sherlock’s return. His main suspect had been his ex-partner but his involvement could never be confirmed. Case unsolved.
John laughed a bit, unconvinced. Sherlock swallowed down the weird feeling he had. John was convinced he was an addict. What the hell was wrong?
"Stitched", John simply replied, looking up to Sherlock to show him the work the doctors had done on his forehead.
His sister visited him often, perhaps more than she should. They always ended up fighting. Harriet had a very impulsive personality, she said what she wanted whenever she wanted, without caring about people's feelings. Not that John minded that, but her imprudence had caused more than a quarrel between them.
Sherlock took a deep breath, he looked into John's eyes. "Well, you'll have to, Watson. Now if you excuse me, I have a crime to solve." He said turning towards the door.
He’d read that quote once. He’d found it absolutely absurd. Lacking any sense or logic. As always, the problem with the romantics.
He blinked and stared at the closed pad laying on his desk. He was holding the pencil in his hand, which wasn’t trembling by now, but John couldn’t bring himself to trust in it anymore. He tried to focus on the silhouette of the body, but every time he tried, landscapes would draw themselves in his mind. Perhaps he should become a landscaper instead, try and paint what was in front of him and that’d be it.
Sherlock didn't answer, he just sat back on the couch. John smiled. "He doesn't like talking about it. Dark period of his life that hopefully won't repeat." They went downstairs.
Sherlock walked around the body. John had his hands behind his back and his posture straight. The room smelled of blood and death, a smell Sherlock was used to, but that in this situation made him feel dizzy and nauseous. Still, he was determined to find out what happened.
Melissa raised her hand, silently asking both of them to shut up. "Mr. Holmes, Detective Inspector, Alice is dead."
Mike smiled and turned to look at the photograph John had focused his attention on. “Sherlock Holmes”, he said, “quite a character.”
“I had to get myself as far away from you until I could make sure you’d be safe, John. I never meant to hurt you. I never thought you’d do what- what you did. I didn’t see it coming. I should have. I know I should have but-”
John managed to put a fake smile incredibly easily. "Sure, Molly. I'll try. I can't assure you anything, Sherlock is very unpredictable, but you know, it's worth a try isn't it?"
John smiled weakly and turned to look away from Sherlock, but suddenly the greaser's arm surrounded him and he was hugging him and now John was leaning his head in Sherlock's shoulder and he just kept crying, not saying another word. He reached the conclusion, however, that he was perhaps not only crying about his family, and there was so much to it than that.
Sherlock wasn’t sleeping, not particularly. He hadn’t slept properly ever since that Thursday night, which was stupid, and illogical, but it was true. Still, he wasn’t prepared to hear the ring of his doorbell at three in the morning.
eating a single bite claiming it might 'slow him down'- "but John and I have a history project to work on. Come, John?"
As he closed his eyes, the only thing he could possibly think about was that John’s lips tasted like Orange Autumn.
Without hesitation, she grabbed her phone and called Mike Stamford, hoping he would help her get an ambulance fast.
"We don't know too much-" answered the man, taking a hand to his head, clearly worried of the situation. "So far, all we know is that about twenty minutes ago, eight gunshots were heard and the result was two people dead inside their house."
“The biceps, the abdomen, the nipples, the forearms, they’re all part of the whole. They are the melodies forming an entire composition. You go slowly, one by one, focusing on how the light would affect them and when you realize”, he said taking a step back, “you’ve got it.”
"John!" He heard a shout upstairs. "You might as well come, she does not understand reasons so don't argue with her!"
John’s smile vanished immediately. “Hm-”, he hesitated, turning to look at the pad he was carrying with himself, “Yes but-”
"Sherlock Holmes!" She said excitedly, moving her hands in the air. "How are you, bad boy?" She sat right next to him, her eyes were lost,
It was the third period and John's back was still hurting and he was still angry but somehow couldn't manage to get the greaser out of his head. He still felt the warmth of his hands touching his face, the worry in his voice as he asked him if he was alright, the way he looked at him, and it looked so,
He pretended he didn't see the way she closed it and tried to make small talk. They talked about the awful weather, the woman who had come in earlier claiming in tears she had a tumor when all she had was a bug's sting and the low affluence of patients. They always did this kind of small talks at the end of the day. Things had been a bit awkward between them after they broke up, but they had gotten used to working together.
He dragged a deep breath that came out all choked. “I’m sorry”, he whispered, as he grabbed John’s shirt and pulled it into fists. “I’m sorry, John.”
"Sorry. Mm... Molly. Molly Hooper. Remember? The girl from the chemistry club. She asked me to give you her number. So I'm doing it." He said showing Sherlock the paper.
"God, I'm so tired John! Where can I sleep tonight?"-Harry said looking at him suspiciously and with a smile.
lived but I had erased what I had lived from my mind. And we fell back to old habits, I guess. Solving crimes and the such, Holmes and Watson.
Sherlock stood in the middle between the living room and the kitchen, staring at John's back. "You aren't wearing a cane", he observed. "You're leaning your weight in both feet."
"You're supposed to have some kind of medical training. Why didn't you do anything to help him? None of this would have happened if you would have kept an eye on him or care about him enough to make sure he was okay. You're the only reason why he's in a hospital bed right now."
Sherlock looked up and found John staring. He threw a desperate glance at him but the boy merely shrugged. The greaser sighed and went to the dining room, John went downstairs and followed him.
Reluctantly, John broke apart and opened the drawer of the table next to Sherlock's bed, taking out a bottle of lube and a condom.
He went upstairs to go to his own room. His cold, boring room. He knocked on the door. Harry half-opened the door. "Yes, John?"
John winked at him and they opened the door almost in the same instant the house's door opened and John's father walked in.
"I miss you." He said, eyes still on the freaking paper and how much John wished he could just pull the greaser's hair and force him to face him.
She shook her head. "No. Don't. Don't do it Dr. Watson! Your blog is incredible... You, you can't throw everything to the garbage!"
The door of 221A was closed, so Mrs Hudson wasn't probably there. He went upstairs, the only noise around him was the sound the wooden stairs made every time he took a step.
A zodiac killer. Only with the alphabet. Boring. Dull and annoyingly predictable and yet he hadn’t realized of it. How could he have not? He had been disappointingly slow and stupid with this case.
John hesitated for a moment. "No. No, there was no such thing as a relationship. I mean, not really. He was just my friend." He shrugged, feeling like a big-ass liar. Sure, just his friend. If Sherlock would have been just his friend, he certainly wouldn't be sitting in that place with those wires on his head.
The greasers' table was as full as usual, but people seemed pleased of seeing Sherlock there. Jim didn't make any comment on it, but kept talking and talking and talking, trying to catch Sherlock's attention while the greaser listened to him absentmindedly, barely nodding and fighting against the sensation to roll his eyes.
As soon as they finished John looked at him with a pleased smile on his face. Sherlock stood up and sat on the couch, while John brought the glasses and the wine to sit next to him.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Oh come on John! Help me out here! I'm still trying to apologize about what happened today!"
"Because... Just because! I don't trust him! I don't think he is a good influence in you! I don't know him enough, but I do know Jim and he is nothing but trouble! I imagine your greaser must be alike!"
"How could I possibly have forgotten about all of that? It isn't possible, it is as if there was a huge whole inside my brain and..." He brought his hands to his head, grimacing and sitting on the couch.
Sherlock was immediately filled with a need to touch John’s lips just in the same way he’d touched his ears. Where had that thought come from?
He read the address three times as he stood in front of the building, just trying to make sure that this
It was Thursday and they had just finished their English class. Sherlock hadn't talked to John in two days because he knew the boy felt nothing but resentment towards him, and he couldn't blame him for that. He hated himself as well.
Sherlock nodded, still panting, he knew he was hyperventilating. He knew he was. Somehow, he managed to follow John out of the crowd, John was walking back, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, not even to check where they were walking to. “It’s okay, it’s fine, come here.”
They entered to the car. Sherlock sat on the driver's seat. The driver's seat. Again. He touched the steering wheel carefully, and took a deep breath. John stared at him and smiled, wondering how could he be so lucky of having Sherlock Holmes in his car?
The voices mixed. John spoke in English, John spoke in Serbian. Sherlock didn’t know which words to listen to, didn’t know to which reality hold onto.
Once the greaser started the car, John had to grab himself to the seat. "Sherlock! Slow down for God's sake!"
Greg shook his head with a frown. "No, just in case. I'm a detective inspector so I must be attentive of any irregularities..."
Then it all came back to him, he remembered instantly everything that had happened, he still felt hurt, betrayed, she had played a very dirty game, and she lost it. What if she wanted revenge?, what if this time she was more determined to break down the British government? Or what if she just wanted to thank him for saving her life? Sherlock couldn't help but smile.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed him, John giggled into the kiss. It lacked the urgency of the night before, the hunger, the need, now it was just a kiss of reassurance, of greeting, of
Sherlock looked down, feeling uncertain. He swallowed, nervousness and anxiety crawling over his body and absorbing him once again. He supposed he would have to face it at certain point during the evening, but he didn't expect to be it this soon.
John couldn't fight the tears any longer. "I just... I worry so much about her... I don't want to see her hurt, I don't know what to do."
"I got tired of waiting." Sherlock said recomposing a bit. Probably he realized it was an unnecessary scene.
John looked around, “thanks, I guess”, he said, but his voice betrayed the slight sadness with which he said it.
Sherlock frowned and John tossed the paper at him. He glanced at it. He remembered the photograph, it had been taken when they were leaving for Moriarty's trial. He sighed for a moment and looked up, John had his eyes fixed on him.
He used to think that reading about Greek mythology had brought him a knowledge of the human body that no experience could ever top, but seeing John Watson, he
Sherlock must have taken a taxi because by the time John arrived back to his house, he was already outside of the house next door, talking seriously with Dimmock. John parked his car and went towards them, waiting until Sherlock finished talking with the detective so they could have a proper talk.
"Don't worry, I won't tell him, it will be our little secret. But with one condition, promise me something."
"I was worried about you. I heard about the fall. John must have been heart broken. I was. Then I found out it was all a lie. You are a master in tricking aren't you?"
"Yes, Sherlock, it was! It was something really stupid!"- John had so much more to say but he didn't know how to do it, so he just stood silent, as Sherlock looked at him.
They entered to the house, which was even more surprising in the inside. With walls of wood and a very homely style, John thought this was pretty much the place of his dreams. As they passed by the kitchen, a woman saluted them, dazzled. "Oh, dear! How was school? I see you brought a friend!" She said excitingly.
He frowned at the statement, and...opened his eyes, hm, interesting, he hadn't even realized he had closed them.
John's head turned and he stared at Sherlock. His eyes never left Sherlock as he descended, slowly, slowly slowly, until Sherlock could feel John's breathing on his groin.
Okay he had to do something about it now. He placed his hands back in Sherlock's face and lifted him up a bit. "Sherlock, stop!"
There was an uncomfortable silence falling over them. John cleared his throat and looked around. The place was messier than usual and Sherlock hadn’t painted anything else ever since so the room was devoid of life but filled with junk, old papers and paints spread around the place. Sherlock felt the need to say something, to take John out of his reverie. He could offer him a cuppa but he didn’t feel like doing it, perhaps he could tell him that they’d have their classes back on Tuesday or what their next class was going to be about or-
Sarah remained silent. He took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down a little. Then he looked down at her desk and took the newspaper once again, "Can I take it?" He asked trying not to freak out.
He clenched his jaw. He had trusted Sherlock and he’d gone and done the same thing Mike had done. He felt anger spreading all through his body.
"Sherlock, when are you planning to tell him about what you told me? What if Moriarty is back? You know this message is for you. This is dangerous."
A warm feeling spread through his body. John had opened every single door to him, had lifted the barriers, had let him in. Just him.
John leaned a bit closer to Sherlock, and for a second, for a tiny little second, Sherlock could see in John's eyes a glimpse of recognition, a glimpse of the old John Watson, the one who had apparently vanished. The doctor stared at Sherlock's face, then said calmly. "You should stop consuming them, you know?"
The weekend seemed to last an eternity for John, who couldn't help himself but wonder constantly how Sherlock was, followed by questioning why did he think about Sherlock so much. He couldn't find an answer to those two questions. Not until he saw the greaser again.
She opened the door with the softest smile on her face. She knew, she definitely knew. He smiled weakly at her. "Hey, are you okay?"
"I have one." And Sherlock immediately regretted what he said. He didn't know why he had said it, but he did and there was nothing he could do about it.
Melissa shrugged. “One of the advantages of understanding how brainwashing works”, she said with a smile.
John just looked at him, trying to process in his mind everything his friend just told him. "Why didn't you mention me anything of this Sherlock?" He couldn't help it, he sounded hurt, he knew it wasn't an important matter at the moment, but it was so important to him. He was starting to feel that effectively, he didn't have the slightest idea of who his friend was. He didn't know him at all. So many things he didn't know, so many.
After a twenty minutes ride, they arrived to the High School. As soon as he parked, Harry got off. "Clara! Hi!"
"You're assuming lots of things, Sherlock", he replied, looking around the room, as if it was endlessly awkward to have that conversation with Sherlock.
Harry was crying but didn't say another word, she got off the car and entered to his house in a hurry. She didn't look like she had been half-unconscious just twenty minutes ago.
the slim, lean line of…no no, not of Sherlock. Someone else. Definitely someone else, an imaginary someone else…
The taxi stopped at NSY and Sherlock couldn't walk fast enough to reach Lestrade's office. He found the DI sitting on his desk, a huge cup of coffee next to him, big bags under his eyes. He looked up as soon as Sherlock appeared and stood up. "Explain."
And it only got slower. He couldn't relax anymore because there was a lowering of his blood pressure and he had counted 46 heartbeats in the last minute which meant that now he was keeping count of something which meant that the good effects of the morphine were gone.
She sat again breathing heavily and looked at him seriously. "Did he do anything to you? Tried anything? Forced you to do something you didn't want to do?"
Perhaps it made sense. Didn't it? Or, perhaps Sherlock didn't speak loud enough, his voice had been a faint whisper. He covered the frown his face had done and tried it again, saying it more certainly, savouring the name as it came out of his mouth once more: "John."
them, or my brain was going to explode. So I tried them and..." Sherlock bit his lip. "I really thought I had it under control."
“And it’s better to have lighter traces so you’d erase it easily, I’m certain you’ll be needing the eraser a lot.”
As he entered to the house, Mycroft stood by the car's door, looking at John questioningly. "What?" John asked.
The sudden expression which crossed Sherlock's face told John that the greaser wasn't expecting that at all. Suddenly, his expression went back to stoic. He hesitated for a moment before replying, "it was the best choice."
John looked away, releasing his breath, as if he’d been trapped and strangled and was just breaking free.
John was dazed during the rest of the day. He didn't know what to do, what to respond, how to react. He just went from one class to the other, sitting absentmindedly, constantly thinking about Sherlock.
Sherlock turned to look at Melissa again. “Do you remember when she came to the clinic?”, she nodded. “Excellent!”, Sherlock exclaimed. “Tell me exactly when it was, under which circumstances, who treated her, and all that.”
Sherlock arrived to the smoking corner feeling disappointed of himself. This wasn't how he expected things to go between him and John. He was tired of building fake hopes. He thought he had seen something in John's eyes when he told him to meet him on Friday, but as soon as he saw Sarah waiting by the door, all of them vanished, just like that.
Or maybe yes, but not as much as Sherlock hated his own painting right now. The shadows and the lights did nothing to express the actual feeling behind it. It was a work to appreciate, not to understand, not to feel with, not to study and analyze.
Sherlock looked at him and simply said, "SHHH!!!", a second later the greaser turned without entering the car, his body blocking the window so John couldn't see why he had turned, but he sure as hell recognized the voice that yelled at Sherlock.
They were both breathing hard by the time the world started turning around again, their senses slowly coming back to them.
Chemistry Club had been agony. Last time John had been on Sherlock's house, Sherlock literally took him out of the classroom, and this time he kept looking constantly to the door, waiting for Sherlock to enter forcedly and start yelling "I'M BORED!" But it never came, to be honest, he half-wanted it to happen, because this was boring and Sherlock was exciting and it was actually funny pretending to be mad at him.
As soon as the bell rang everybody stood up and Sherlock did it so fast that John didn't even have time to remind him of their meeting. But he had to, because otherwise, the greaser wouldn't show up. So he grabbed his backpack and rushed towards the door. When he reached the hallway, he saw Sherlock in front of the lockers, and all of his friends were there: Jim, Sebastian and Greg. John frowned and stopped before coming too close to their space.
There is not two of us. No. God no. We are...friends" he babbled as a small grin threatened to appear in his face.
John was standing at the hospital’s door, hiding just slightly from the glass windows, avoiding to be recognized, and glancing at his clock when Sherlock arrived.
“I- it was stupid. I apologize. Anyway, goodbye, Sherlock”, he said, reaching his hand out to shake Sherlock’s.
John nodded, closed the window and went downstairs, as he opened the door, a small smile drew on his face. That until he realized. "Damn it... I'm in my pjs." He said looking down.
He stood up, ignoring all of Sherlock's warnings and without saying a word, he walked towards Moran who was laughing and punched him in the face. He stood in there breathing hard, Sherlock turned to look at him with widened eyes and jaw clenched, but before he could say anything, Moran recovered from the punch and, with his nose bleeding, smirked at John. "You piece of shit!"
Sherlock glanced around, looking for Lestrade, he’d rather him not knowing about the missing file. Actually, he’d really rather no one knowing about the missing file.
He stared into John's eyes, they were dark and wide, and he was breathing hard already. "God, they better discharge you today or I'll sue them. I need you now, in 221B."
He had finished sketching the human form for his third painting in the week, now all he had to do was paint it.
Sherlock laughed but kept kissing him eagerly. John's hand found Sherlock's cock and started pulling down as well, and their kisses turned frantic and messy and they couldn't care less. "John...", Sherlock gasped.
John leaned closer to shake her hand and looked at Mrs Hudson as he pointed at Sherlock. "And we are
Sherlock smiled as soon as the song (which John identified was from Buddy Holly, damn you, Harry Watson) started playing, and without looking at John he said: "Learn to, Watson."
The only times John drank was when he wanted to forget about something, whenever he felt sad, depressed or haunted by memories.
He had pictured it so many times, yet this wasn't none of them. He had prepared what he would say, what he would tell John: how he survived his death, the countries he visited while being away, the way he stopped a nuclear war from almost developing by deducing the colonel's life from taking a look at his shoes. He thought about the things he wouldn't say, about the facts he would keep just to himself, starting by Serbia.
His mind was wandering once again, he was losing his grip on the shadows and proportions. He couldn’t allow that.
"I need to talk to you." Sherlock said, taking some steps towards him, which unconsciously made John take those same steps back, trying to be as away from the greaser as possible.
Sherlock dragged a deep breath and placed his hands over John’s shoulders. “I see a broad back, squared shoulders, a straight and rigid posture. I see a face that’s twitching, I see a hand that’s slowly clenching and unclenching itself. I see a fast intake of breath when I hold your shoulders. I see a short height but not as short as people think. I see a body in which all fits in.”
He felt a hand touching his face, the voice filling his ears once again. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock!"
"John?"-Sherlock hadn't been able to sleep. It was too loud outside and he was angry and there was so much smell of alcohol filling the environment. He turned as soon as he heard the door open and barely saw John, who was struggling to stay still without falling. "What are you doing here?"
“Is it? Maybe I wasn’t thorough enough with the observation-”, Sherlock said, a tinge of nervousness in his voice.
"What are we?", he asked, not quite certain if he'd managed to keep the nervousness and anxiety out of his tone.
John Watson had listened to his outburst of sentiment and held him, he smiled at him, he forgave him. John Watson sat right next to him, looked at him with soft eyes and smiled at him. John Watson had stayed the whole night, had kissed him and walked away with the promise of coming back.
"He suggested them. I didn't know they existed. Not until then. He had met them because of his friends. I
Sherlock stared at it, but didn't say anything else. John dragged a deep breath and closed his eyes, his mouth forming a grimace, indicating he was still in pain.
"You can take mine!" Clara said entering to the bathroom and handing him her keys. "They won't notice! Sometimes I leave it at school. Look, here's the sketch. It's very easy to get there, just a five minutes ride. Thank you Sherlock!"
He stopped in front of a blue photograph. The image depicted a man in a studio filled of drawings everywhere, who had his full attention on his next work of art. The whole atmosphere of the studio was fantastic, as if it was filled with a contained sadness, as if the drawings were capable of breaking with it, as if the drawings around, mixed with the man’s face, were capable of bringing life.
"I know, I know, but I have everything we need!" She lowered her voice and leaned closer to John, "I even packed condoms and some lube, just in case" she winked at him.
Sherlock frowned, trying to conceal his anger. "It does not. But he will regret ever laying a finger on you."
It was 5:30 and they had already done a huge part of the work. It turned out Sherlock knew lots of things about chemistry, and they worked surprisingly good together. Mrs Hudson entered to Sherlock's... laboratory, carrying two glasses of milk and two slices of apple pie. "Hello, my boys!"
“There’s no need to say anything John, you can simply walk out the door and leave”, Sherlock replied, sharply.
John cleared his throat, "I'm sixteen, Sherlock. Of course I can drive, I wouldn't be driving if I couldn't."
He reached out and traced the pattern of John's lips slowly and fixedly. Somehow, he could see the triangle drawing itself, guiding him. The light came from the wall to the left and it casted a magnificent shadow over the right side of John's lips. He reached down and felt the texture of it. Had he drawn it, he knew that no shadows and no lights would be enough to express what it felt like to touch John's lips. It felt as if his fingers tingled, as if tiny spirals drew themselves in the place where John and Sherlock's skin connected. John stared at Sherlock, perplexed. Perhaps he could see the utter and complete devotion behind Sherlock's a-thousand-tones-of-blue eyes.
There was bleeding, certainly. The bullet was still inside his body, blocking most of the blood flow.
“I am certainly endeavoring to be marveled, John Watson”, Sherlock said in such a deep tone that it sounded like a purr.
Sherlock cupped John's face with his hands. John was still looking down, panting. "John, look at me, look at me now." The boy lifted his face and looked at the greaser's beautiful gray/blue/green eyes, which were wide opened and completely focused on his. " You are amazing." John shook his head. "And you are alive. And you are okay and I can't tell you how relieved I felt when I saw your face as I got out of the car. And I think you're better than you think you are. You can go now, if you want." Sherlock said taking his hands off him and turning towards the stairs.
4. I will never say this enough: tell me what you thought of the chapter, feedback is always welcome, encouraged and appreciated!
"I hated not understanding you! Not being able to deduce you! I understand everything, all the time, yet I
Sherlock ignored all the other observations he'd gathered. "You- you can hang your coat there, or- or upstairs. Or if you're cold-"
“Thank you”, Sherlock whispered. They stared at each other in silence and John felt as if by being under Sherlock’s piercing stare, his face was being as decomposed and analyzed inch by inch as he had done with the human body he had just drawn.
been least than a month and he felt like a lifetime ago since he met Sherlock, the boy who turned everything upside down and who in four weeks had gotten him in more trouble than he ever had before. Damn it. "Yes, I guess, it's just... It's too much, Mike."
On Friday, Harry sat on the table, right across John, John looked at her with an apologetic smile and she gave him a shy smile back. He cleared his throat. "I'm sorry, Harry."
John couldn’t explain why, but he wanted to keep talking to Sherlock so he said out of nowhere, “really? I started at 12. We were on a school excursion and I saw a Van Gogh painting and I decided that was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. Perhaps not as good as his creations, but it was worth a try.”
“Oh, I know who you are Mr. Holmes.” The DI replied with a smirk on his face. “Why don’t we step into my office, yeah?”
“John... I don’t–“ He didn’t know what John was talking about, but he was in utter shock that he was sitting up on a hospital bed right here in front of him... He never thought he would see the boy again, especially since his dad said he had been blown to pieces.
Mycroft blinked and Sherlock groaned from the door. “A bunny? Cakeman! He has no idea what he’s talking about! This is useless!” he huffed as he held the drug kit in his hands.
“No, I’m not—” John cut himself off and then smirked. That wasn’t a bad idea actually. If John was next to Sherlock, John’s friends couldn’t bug him. “Alright, fine.”
Woman! This so-called ‘Irene’ had practically just made out with his boyfriend’s face and Sherlock didn’t seem fazed by it one bit! How the fuck could Sherlock complain to him about jealousy when Sherlock didn’t even try to pull away!?
“I don’t want to go through with this anymore. Please get out of my house.” He whispered and brought his knees into his chest.
John figured he should probably also tell Mycroft about Sherlock, but it wasn’t his place. Plus, he had a sneaking suspicion Mycroft would kill Sherlock once he found out and as much as John was angry, he did not want the man dead now that he had come back to him.
Sherlock blinked and John looked away, "John...." He whispered, “Whatever gave you the impression that I was...”
John felt like his whole world had come crashing down around him. He gathered it already had because there was absolutely nothing left for him now. Everything that he had known was a lie and he couldn’t escape it and he couldn’t have it back. He couldn’t take back the very first time he had ever said I love you, he couldn’t take back the first time he had made love to him, he couldn’t take back all their jokes and shared secrets. He couldn’t take anything back. What he had known – or thought he had known –  for so long was slipped under his feet and taken away so abruptly that he couldn’t breathe, he felt completely sick to his stomach. Before he could even stop himself, or question anything, he dropped the roses and was running. He ran out the front door and didn’t stop running. He felt so lost and empty and he was bawling harder than he ever had before. Never in his life would he think this would happen. Sure, he knew that there was a chance that one of them would call it off eventually, but never in his whole entire life had he imagined it to be like this. He got to Zack's house and banged on the door, not quite sure why he was there, but not questioning it either.
“I’ll do whatever the hell I want,” John snapped, albeit a little harsher than he meant it to be. “This worksheet is shite anyway. It’s pointless and dumb.”
One month later John was ready for action. He smirked at Mike and put on his blue and white chequered button down shirt with his coat, some jeans, and his brown shoes. He grabbed his cane and barely touched his hair. Just brushed it to the side a bit, which killed John because he was used to wearing it slicked back. He turned around and smiled at Mike as he leaned heavily on his cane, “well... how do I look?”
There was something a bit off with Sherlock, but he couldn’t really place it. He frowned a little and handed him the sandwich. “You okay..?” He asked softly as he sat back down in his chair.
John mentally kicked himself and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath. “It’s umm… it’s nothing… I just meant that me and Harry used to have sleepovers on the floor together all the time, I’m used to it,” John lied. He couldn’t possibly tell Sherlock the truth!
also also i tend not to read the informational bit... i doubt any of you read my notes anyway, but hey!! i enjoy writing them! And holy fuck my laptop was unplugged for who knows how long and i had no idea! I could have lost everything....
Naturally, Sherlock did the opposite. Sherlock looked over at John, then to the front of the class, then back at John. He noticed that John was drawing a picture of a dragon and it was actually really good… not that he would ever admit that to a rugby player. “You shouldn’t be drawing, you know... You should be paying attention to the lesson.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and then stood up, “I’ll call you back before the day is over, he will retract his confession.” Before the DI could say anything he stood up and went to go pay his brother a visit.
Sherlock was crying. This man, a man that he had never met before in his life, had understood him. He had gotten everything right! Even though he compared him to pie Sherlock didn’t even care… He ran to John and wrapped his arms tightly around him. “Thank you, John… So much..” He swallowed hard.
Sherlock thought as he glared the gun down. If he was going to die he was not going to be frightened. Well, okay, let's be honest. He was terrified, but he would most certainly not let it show. He wouldn’t give Ted the satisfaction of the fear in his eyes as he pulled the trigger – as Sherlock's brain exploded onto the wall with the frightened look still on his face. He wouldn’t let Ted win this battle. He may have the satisfaction of killing him, but he would never –
John blinked a bit because he wasn’t expecting that to come out of Sherlock's mouth after what he had just said, but he supposed that Sherlock tended to surprise him often. He nodded and slowly stood up a bit. He turned around and then sat on the couch next to Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed again and rolled his eyes, “I told you to stop blaming yourself, if you don’t I’ll have to punch you.” His face softened as he smiled at John, “Nothing is going to happen to me whilst in a hospital bed... Look, I know you are worried, but really I’ll be fine... and you can bring me back a sandwich that I will eat if you go. I’m sick of the food here,” He twinkled a bit.
“Right! Sorry!” he gasped and started moving. Slowly at first and then eventually he couldn’t control it anymore and was practically pounding into Sherlock and screaming from pleasure.
John clenched his jaw slightly and continued to give Sherlock a death stare, “yeah. He is.” He said icily. “Are you fucking kidding me, Sherlock?”
“No,” He said in a dark voice, “I’m done with you!” He growled, “I have tried so hard to fucking please you and help you and you just keep me in the dark with
“As I said I used to watch her a lot. One day I decided to go talk to her and she seemed nice enough so I came out with my confession and told her how I felt… she laughed at me and said that no one would ever like a freak like me… I went home and cried and told myself that I didn’t need anyone. I could live on my own forever, people would only cause problems and annoyances. I’m fine how it is. There’s no need to feel bad or pity me.”
“Yes, but see, you are the guest. So therefore, you get the bed. I’m not going to argue, Sherlock.” John hummed and started making a little pallet on the floor by using blankets.
John looked at Mycroft and swallowed hard, he honestly didn’t want to go to jail, but the man deserved to die after everything he had put them through. He slowly took the two items and nodded, wishing more than anything it was his own gun, but that was at the flat – he couldn’t trust it being left behind in the motel – and he wasn’t about to go back to Baker Street! “Thank you...” He whispered quietly.
and though i would have rather have them together in the end... i felt like this ending felt... right. Them being together after what had happened didn't make any sense at all... Well i hope you all liked it!!!
could go to jail!! Let’s just go home, yeah?” Because John was not about to go to jail and have his clean record tainted, all because his mad boyfriend wanted to break into a crime scene.
John grumbled bitterly, dropping the nonchalant act as soon as Sherlock was out of sight. Of course Sherlock would take the first out he could get. He honestly didn’t even want to follow him, but this was about Lily and not Sherlock. He ran a hand over his face before going to the loo and rinsing the dried blood off of his neck. He was honestly lucky he didn’t need stitches, he shook his head at the thought and just picked the first game he saw. He put his coat on and then ran out to catch up to Sherlock. “You could wait you know.” He huffed. “Ever since I’ve returned you’ve kind of been a prick.” He mumbled, shoving his hands in his pockets. He would have blamed Sherlock running out of the house without waiting on the fact that he just didn’t want to talk about John’s question. However, this happened every fucking time. Sherlock never waited for him anymore, so he knew it wasn’t to get away from the question. That being said, at least he waited on the curb. There had been times he had just hailed a cab and left without him.
Blake scanned his eyes for the reward the woman was giving and cringed a bit. “Fifty pounds...” He read out loud. John never took anything lower than two hundred and even then it was pushing it. It wasn’t that John was greedy or anything... He just liked power and he loved it when people gave him things for the jobs he did.
Sherlock sat back down in his chair and let his mind wander until John came back out with the bag slung across his shoulder and smiled at him, “Ready?” He hummed.
“Nope. It’s mine! They wanted to turn it into a museum, but I bought it before they could.” He snickered to himself. “Like I said… Huge fanboy. Also my dad worked in the government before he died a couple of years ago so that’s another reason I was able to get this flat.” He shrugged a bit and then walked into the 221B Baker Street.
As he got to the house he just went around back. Mycroft was most likely in bed, or doing work, and he didn’t want to bother the man. He hadn’t seen him in years, and he didn’t think now would be the best of time to do so either. Especially since Sherlock's death left him just as broken as John. Though, Mycroft was definitely better at hiding it.
“But... he had the knife...” John whispered quietly as he looked at Sherlock, he honestly didn’t understand how Sherlock had managed to get out of that one.
John growled at him because he knew all of that stuff already and he also knew he was going to be fine! Sherlock wouldn’t pick apart his life he would pick apart the life he was going to make up for himself so it wouldn’t hurt... “I’ll be fine!” He snapped.
John's eyes flicked to Sherlock's and he saw Sherlock give him a subtle nod. Sherlock was terrified, but if he was going to get hurt he would want John to do it. That’s what Sherlock was saying, or that’s what he fucking hoped Sherlock was saying. He really hoped he wasn’t seeing things just because he wanted to see them. John barely registered that the rugby team was calling him a ‘wuss’ and a ‘sissy’. He stepped forward and looked at Brian, then swallowed hard.
People often got confused between love and lust and Sherlock couldn’t wrap his brain around why Brian loved him when Sherlock had been mean to him all those years, but then again Brian could be like a John in which he actually liked how Sherlock could deduce and pick apart things just by looking at someone. He sort of thought it was a bit troublesome how Brian chose Sherlock's side instead of John's. Brian and John had been friends for years! John had even considered him one of his best friends at one point. Some best friend he was, ditching his mate when he was down. He just sighed and shook his head at the thought as he continued to walk home.
Sherlock was in the middle of replying when the bell rang so he just stuffed the note in his pocket and smiled at John. “Ready to go to the special place?”
Sherlock's heart warmed because he had never had a friend before. John didn’t count in his brain because John was Sherlock's boyfriend, not actual friend. This was different and he loved it. “Thank you,” he whispered. He watched as Brian nodded and then left the house. He would tell John that they were friends now, but maybe it would be a better idea if he were to keep out Brian's actual feelings towards him. He didn’t like hiding things from John, but he knew nothing would ever happen between him and Brian and with John’s anger issues it was safer to just avoid the topic all together.
She smiled brightly up at him, but it was weak and that broke Sherlock's heart, her smiles used to be like the sun shining through on a cloudy day, “My big boy. Not so little anymore, though.” Her smile saddened a bit, but it was still there.
And John's heart shattered, but he would tell Sherlock a story because that was what he wanted. “Once upon a time there lived a lonely, lonely man. Nobody liked this man because he was different...” John took a moment to try to control his emotions. “One day, the lonely man met a famous prince!” John was practically sobbing. “Sherlock, I can’t – I can’t do it...” He sniffled. “I’m sorry! I know you wanted it, but I just can’t…”
“Nonsense. It was no problem at all,” Sherlock smiled. He opened his mouth to say something as he grabbed up his things, but was stopped as Brian and Zack came up and knocked into him hard, causing his books and worksheets to be thrown all over the floor.
Sherlock took another breath, shaky this time, he really hated repetitive questions, but he could see how she would ask the same questions over and over again, "It was never my intention to hurt him... I knew what I was doing was going to hurt him, obviously… I'm not stupid, but you must understand that this is killing me as well. That being said it needed to be done. I'm doing this for him. And though it hurts now I will come back. You just have to make sure he can hold on."
John slowly rested his head on Sherlock's chest now that he couldn’t hit it, the tears falling freely from his eyes. "That's not a good excuse." He sniffled stubbornly. His beautiful stubborn John, that was one of the things he loved – and hated – about the man.
John’s breath caught in his throat and he swallowed as he shifted on his cane. He looked away for a second, all for the act of course, but on the inside he was screaming because Sherlock had picked up every single thing that john had fed him and that was such an amazing thing to witness.
John jolted at the voice cutting through the silence, however, once he saw it was Mycroft he relaxed greatly. “Oh, hi. I’m just fixing the garden Sherlock destroyed a couple of years ago.” He paused for a moment and then looked up at him, “After your mother passed away.” He said quietly and played with his hands. “I should probably get back now though… it’s later than I thought.” He cleared his throat and then stood up, brushing off the dirt on his jeans, though it didn’t do much at all because he was covered in dirt.
John shrugged slightly, “More or less, I’m sure it’s fine though.” He said softly and sipped at it. It was an extremely satisfying cup of tea. He couldn’t place it, but it just made him feel warm and loose. Not to mention that it tasted so good to him, he figured it was probably because this was the end of all the pain and anguish – or he hoped it was anyway. Sherlock was back and they were going to get through this, they were going to get through anything the world threw at them, his body was finally letting him relax and enjoy the simple things in life.
Sherlock ran into his arms immediately and hugged him tightly, “Shh, don’t cry... I love you more than anything and I am so sorry, John. So sorry... I’m just angry and confused and hurt, but so are you and I wasn’t being fair! Please forgive me! And let me just tell you that I never beg for forgiveness...” He whispered and swallowed thickly as he tried to make the lump go away that was currently lodged in his throat. He just held John impossibly tighter, squeezing his eyes shut so nothing would escape them.
Sherlock’s breath hitched. He stared at his phone for god knows how long, his brain was unresponsive, it was as if every single one of his faculties had temporarily frozen by the effect of three simple words.
He came back to reality a second later, already feeling himself growing addicted to that sensation. Heroin had never felt like this. Never.
“Alright, that’s all I wanted to know. Thank you.”Sherlock said turning his back at Victor, but his wrist was suddenly caught and he had to turn back. Of course Victor would do something like this, Sherlock knew that, the question was if he
Sherlock was blank. He never said it, had he? Yet he was still wondering if he wanted her back or not. He considered all his options, he could have let her get killed, she wasn't his problem, she could have died for all he cared but he just couldn't let that happen.
"Yeah", John replied, before throwing him another of his long smiles. "You have got to stop", he told Sherlock.
He tried to move his right hand but found someone was holding it tightly. He couldn't quite see, all he could see was the white ceiling of the ambulance, he couldn't turn, but he knew exactly whose hand it was. He felt peaceful again. The person holding his hand said something, but the ambulance's noise was stronger and he couldn't tell what it said.
John felt a bit calmer. He sighed. "Alright, I'll ask my father." He said, still uncertain whether this was a good idea or not, but it seemed like a good one, to drive his mind away from the multiple things he had to deal with. It was for the best, wasn't it?
John just shook his head. "I still see the façade, Sherlock. I will always see the façade with you. I will never get anything else."
Yet what had motivated him was not to go and see his own painting, it really wasn’t. When John thought about color, and the way those colors mixed together, he couldn’t help but think about one of his very favorite paintings,
He was all that mattered. If he was harmed or wounded fatally it wouldn’t matter. John needed to be safe. This was all his fault after all.
loud rock n' roll music. Sarah stood up, and walked indignantly towards the jukebox, saying angrily "What are you doing here?"
Lestrade did so. He told John he needed his help on a new case where they couldn’t find out how the person had been killed and almost dragged him inside against his will, while John kept saying “Wait, but-”.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed loudly. John tried to compose himself and started talking again, lifting his chin up, so he wouldn't look so small, so weak, so vulnerable in front of the greaser. He took a deep breath. "...so what I was saying is that we should better start thinking about the project."
Sherlock had seen John having headaches, generally he was the one who caused them, but he had never, never, ever seen him doing those gestures when in pain.
Hawthorne took the phone and glanced quickly at it before passing it to John, who just stared at it, feeling like he couldn’t produce any sound out of it. “No. No need to explain it. Just read them. Your brain will work from there.”
Sherlock was hypnotized by John’s words, by John’s voice, by John’s closeness. He could feel John’s passion as he spoke, he could feel it radiating, permeating into himself. He had never seen it that way, he still thought the painting wasn’t good enough because it lacked technique and precision, but it was filled with the same passion of John’s voice, with the same kind of emotion. He smiled.
The teacher dedicated the last couple minutes to explain the first-term final project. John snatched in his pad:
Sherlock was kissing John. The memory so vivid that he could almost feel their joined lips. Perfect. Warm. Comfortable. Sherlock couldn't still quite believe he was kissing John.
He closed his eyes and remembered that portrait of the bird he had seen the day he decided to be an artist. Trapped inside a pump. How very telling. Sherlock looked through his window and felt just the same, looking at the rest of the universe from his own personal jail, unable to grasp it all, unable to understand it all.
John did and turned. They ended parking in the back of a cafeteria, which was a very nice place, in front of them there was a forest, and it had a wonderful look. Sherlock entered and went out holding two milkshakes, which, John thought, looked delicious.
like it when you rummage into my life!" Sherlock replied angrily, opening his book and focusing on reading.
He fell asleep thinking about which was the exact color in which London’s Victorian fog could be represented accurately
The gun was in there. A constant, powerful reminder of the frailty of life, and its finitude. A finitude that even he could control.
“You’re not. Look! The brushstrokes express more than the painting does. Look at the shapes, the spirals of the trees, look at the amount of oil painting he put into the brush, look at the strength of the strokes.”
It's as if we had met in another life, another universe, another time setting, and we simply were meant to be, you and I. It feels like that, as if the universe is pulling us together, by simply sheer of magnetism, as if you were a compass and I a north."
Greg grabbed the chair the clients used to sit in and looked down at the folder he was grabbing between his hands. Sherlock sighed and looked at Greg again, his expression stoic and devoid of all emotion. The detective raised an eyebrow. "Brought me the cases?"
John smiled sarcastically, he was frowning and tried to hide his tone of anger, it didn't work. "Fine,
Sherlock stood still, thinking, what could he possibly make John do? He couldn't ask him to write about this case, nor could he ask him to write about a previous case, he didn't know if writing would trigger his memory, remind him of that blog.
Sherlock was particular on his own. His curls, his lean, tall figure and even those suits he wore created such a huge contrast with the prototypical image of the artist that it made John wonder whether he should be a model instead.
His last class before lunch was Biology, and even though he loved it, he couldn't focus and he absolutely hated that. When the bell rang, Mike turned to look at him and frowned: "Mate, are you okay?"
Molly was about to reply when Sarah took the empty seat right next to him. "Can I sit?" She asked with a smile.
last." Sherlock said looking down and regretting immediately each one of his words. John didn't want to admit it, but the greaser
It was and at the same time it wasn’t, for it was painted in a thousand different colors which didn’t reflect reality at all, but which described London perfectly somehow. He couldn’t explain it.
He smiled pleasantly, thoughts of John flooding his mind. He finally looked up and found Melissa and Lestrade staring at him in wonder. He cleared his throat. “I’ve got to go. Erm- do something first. Won’t take long. Lestrade, see you at the Yard?”
Sherlock had never needed a cigarette as desperately as he needed it now. Not even when he fought with Mycroft, not even when his parents pretended to care about him, not even when he was blamed for the accident. All of it was nothing compared to the anxiety that was reaching all over his body, claiming him to go get a smoke. He had to.
Finally, after an endless moment, John was safe and sound, back on the ground, standing on the rooftop, away from the edge.
Melissa opened the laptop she had carried with her and opened the blog on admin’s mode. She pressed the code 7437 (which she knew exactly what it meant but didn’t say a word about it), reached the bottom of the page and looked at Hawthorne, who nodded back at her, encouragingly.
As soon as the bell rang, John stood up, took his stuff and turned to look at Sherlock. Except he didn't really look at him. He barely looked towards the desk and threw something onto it. Sherlock picked it up, while John stood there still, and looked at it:
John, with his thumb over Sherlock's cheek, caressing the skin there. "It's okay, it was just a nightmare."
His...friends looked at him and laughed harder. Greg said "oh well, this project of yours is going to be fun."
“You deserve it.”Sherlock said with a shrug. He didn’t know why, but he was feeling much more comfortable with the conversation, like he had some power over this, like he wasn’t a child desperate for love anymore.
, 'cause he is unreal!" Sherlock said excitedly before sighing loudly and rising his voice. "For God's sake Watson! Could you drive any slower? Come on! Lay a patch!" He said sarcastically.
Perhaps that was what it took to make him believe in the existence of metaphysics. He was certain there were no stars in the ceiling of his room, so the only logical outcome was that there was something beyond the physical, beyond the tangible, and he was stuck halfway amidst the dream and the reality.
John stood silent, still in shock, still feeling Sherlock's breath in his ear. Then the greaser pulled himself apart and
“Ha! Like hell I’m going to tell you!” He choked on a sob, he was so angry – so angry that his emotions were getting the best of him and he hated that, Sherlock didn’t deserve to hear him like this. He didn’t care that he was crying, he didn’t see it as a sign of weakness, but what he did care about was whether Sherlock heard him or not. He didn’t want Sherlock to know that he was still able to inflict so much emotion into him. And sure there was a time when he thought crying was a sign of weakness, but his opinion had changed on the matter. If anything crying was a sign of strength.
“Umm. We went to have breakfast!! He just had a drink and I had flowers and grass. It was so yummy Cakeman! You should try the flower and grass special!”
Mike swallowed and looked down at his feet, “No, suppose you can’t... or maybe you just haven’t opened yourself to the right person.”
well anyway please COMMENT SUBSCRIBE KUDOS. BUT ACTUALLY MOSTLY JUST COMMENTS BECAUSE READING A COMMENT IS LIKE WAKING UP ON CHRISTMAS MORNING WITH THE SNOW ON THE GROUND GLITTERING IN THE SUN LIGHT.
“You’re just angry because one of your mistresses left you. The one in Paris, might I add, and that happened to be your favourite one. So don’t go taking it out on me.” Sherlock mumbled while looking down. John knew that Sherlock could have fought back more if he wanted to, but at least he wasn’t sitting back and taking it…
“Oh, Well… That’s cute.” He blinked a little. “Let’s go home so that I can take you to bed.” He snickered.
John rolled his eyes, but failed a bit because everything was off balance. He ignored Sherlock's question and just worked on getting naked himself, he was a bit selfish when he was drunk and Sherlock just kept droning on and on about his trousers. Really, how could he talk about trousers at a time like this?
John nudged him slightly in the side and snickered, “cocky prick.” He huffed out a laugh, but they both knew the insult wasn’t meant to be an insult.
Sherlock was silent on the other end. He felt like his world was crashing down and he had no idea what to do, or what to say for that matter... He whimpered slightly and tried to make some words come out, but failed.
Sherlock was literally five seconds away from pulling his hair out when John came back and sat next to him, “Hello!” John sung cheerily, while he took out his pencil and his notebook. He frowned a bit and looked at Sherlock who looked very grumpy, more grumpy than usual, “Something wrong?”
Sherlock grinned and grabbed his hand as they practically ran back to the house and when Sherlock opened the door he froze abruptly and tried to push John into the bushes before it was too late.
Claire swallowed slightly as she looked out into the quiet pub. She was about to return to making a drink when a tall dark figure bolted towards the door and ran out. Normally, Claire wouldn't have found that suspicious, but since John had stormed out seconds before she was terrified the stranger was going to hurt John... Especially considering, it looked like John had been threatening to hurt her. She dropped what she was doing and immediately ran out after him. John wasn't anywhere in sight but she could see the stranger running in the direction that John would have gone.
“Even though he was the rudest person I think I ever had the misfortune of meeting... He was also the kindest, the most thoughtful, the most loving...." He trailed off and just sort of forgot where he was, he did that a lot these days, forget. "And now he's fucking gone. Because he decided to be selfish. There was a time in my life when I told him I would be able to forgive him for anything that he would ever do, but I simply will
Sherlock groaned a bit. “I’m fine.” Sherlock tried to take deep breaths and he swallowed hard and closed his eyes, his head was killing him from hitting the steering wheel so hard. Where the fuck were the airbags? “Actually no, John… John… I need help.” He gasped a bit.
“Well, umm… What is the last thing you remember..?” He said as he walked over to the bed and sat down.
John debated on what to do because he could tell something was clearly wrong, but the John Sherlock knew wasn’t supposed to be that clever. However, he felt that Sherlock’s John was good at being able to tell when something was wrong so he slowly put a hand on Sherlock's knee, “You know you can tell me anything...”
John knew Sherlock was having troubles accepting this, but he was also happy that Sherlock wasn’t pushing him to do something he didn’t want to. He closed his eyes and continued to draw circles on Sherlock's stomach, “Night, Sherlock.”
“It’s alright,” Sherlock whispered and brought a shaky hand up to wipe John's tears away. “Then I’ll tell one.” He pursed his lips for a moment and then smiled.
and these are all the daily important facts. you guys hate my notes dont you? WELL IM NEVER EVER GONNA STOP BITCHES!
Mycroft sighed, “you know what they say, Sherlock, you just don’t want to accept it. Father isn’t willing to pay for anything and mother is giving John two more days... She knows you care about this boy more than anything and you know she would keep him around for as long as she could, but she just can’t afford it... not without fathers help...” he swallowed and put his hand on Sherlock's knee. “I’ll leave you alone again...” He paused for a moment and then stood up and walked out of the room.
Sherlock blinked, “why so long?” There was something very fishy about this... Perhaps it was a trap, but if it was that just meant excitement on Sherlock's part.
Let's get together and make some sense. ((OMFG I WAS SO WRONG BUT NOW I AM DYING OF LAUGHTER!!!! AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!))
John swallowed because that part was true... he’d seen tons of violent deaths the only difference was, was that he was the cause of them all, “Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much,” However, that statement was false because John definitely didn’t think it was far too much... not for him anyway.
John ran out of the pool and went to a paying phone so they couldn't track him. He dialled 999 and waited for somebody to answer.
Six more months passed and eventually John had been gone for a year and a half and he had gotten over being homesick, sure he missed home and Sherlock, but it was really nice here. He loved the adrenaline rushes and the doctoring... everything was perfect, he just wished he wasn’t so far away from Sherlock. He sat cross legged on the bed and opened the smooth white envelope.
Sherlock ignored the fact that John had just said he didn’t know him. It hurt, but John didn’t mean it, he was just hurting and Sherlock definitely knew what that was like. He picked up his pace, not letting John get away from him so easily. “Mummy won’t mind and Cakeman is fat and won’t even know you are there.”
Sherlock woke up the next morning and stretched a bit. He just laid there in bliss and stared at the wall for a moment. He decided he should probably get up and that his mother should probably take her medicine, he huffed slightly at the fact that Mycroft hadn’t been in already. He sat up and shook her gently, “Mummy, you have to take your medicine and then you can go back to sleep.” He smiled softly.
AND THEN I THOUGHT I WOULD APPLY TO BE A FLIGHT ATTENDANT BECAUSE HOW FUCKING COOL WOULD THAT BE?? BUT YOU HAVE TO BE 21 AND I DON'T TURN 21 UNTIL JULY UGHHHH
Sherlock was grateful for the dark. In the dark, John couldn’t see the scars Sherlock had gotten. He wasn’t ready to talk about it; he didn’t know if he ever would be. And he was so incredibly grateful that John didn’t bring it up again in the cab. Right now it was just the two of them. The two of them against the rest of the world and Sherlock knew that, no matter what happened from here on out, he would be happy. That they would be just fine.
Sherlock looked up and blinked at John's scream. “What’s wrong?” he flailed, and sat up immediately, his voice filled with nothing but concern.
Sigar hummed. “Mmm, so no more suicide attempts? Pity. Because you see.” He leaned forward and rested his elbows on the table as he put his hands in front of his chin. “I rather think you’re a waste of space. You aren’t anything like Mycroft, and you won’t ever be anything like Mycroft. You won’t succeed in anything in life because you’re a fuck up. A mistake. Fucking condom didn’t work on your mother here. It broke. No one wanted you, Sherlock. You’re unwanted.”
Sherlock smiled softly as he shook his head and got to writing. He wrote about how John was a brave man and that even though life sometimes sucks you need to move on. Never look in the past. He knew that that was easier said than done, but he knew John was strong. He also made his promise to John that he would wait for him until the end of time if that’s what it took.
John nodded once, smiling softly at the fact Sherlock made something of himself. “Please let me tell him...” John whispered.
John sighed and apologised again. He knew he shouldn’t have left Sherlock, but he really did need a shower and he realised that he couldn’t protect Sherlock from all the bad things in the world, no matter how much he wanted to. Once Sherlock was done eating John grabbed his hand again, playing with his fingers. After a moment of silence John held Sherlock's hand tighter and he made a promise to himself right then and there that he would try to protect Sherlock as much as he could. He had already made this promise over and over and sometimes he broke it, but this time it felt like it had so much more meaning behind it.
It had been quiet the last few weeks, but no one thought anything of it because sometimes you had your quiet spells and they were so nice, lovely even, it was a good break from the constant worry and fighting that they were used to. John didn’t go out in the fields much anymore though because he was an actual doctor now. He was still learning a few things, but he knew most of it. He spent pretty much all of his time studying and doing his work while helping alongside of the actual doctors and before he knew it he had bypassed everyone his age and got his actual degree well before they did. He was proud of himself for that and he wished he could tell Sherlock of his accomplishment, but... well, Sherlock wouldn’t talk to him and John just got depressed when he would write to Sherlock because he would never get a reply so he quit. Besides, it had gotten to a point where he didn’t want to tell Sherlock anything, Sherlock would just come to his mind because really it was the only one he had on the outside. Once he was back to civilization though that would change, he would make new friends, new experiences, and Sherlock would just become a distant memory.
“Awww, Locky!! You look adorable! Keep it on, for me? Please!” she sniffled a bit, smiling brightly, while making a pouty face at the same time. Damn, how did she do that?
John glared at him, “He’s a genius. He doesn’t need to plan! If he wanted something to happen, it would have happened already! Just leave him alone.” He growled slightly, letting the emotion ooze out, but only a little bit.
She just shrugged, “I hate those stupid unspoken rules. If I find you attractive or nice I’m going to want to buy you a drink. Why wait around for the guy to do it?” She smirked a bit and then nudged him in the side, “Besides. If I had waited around for you to chat me up we wouldn’t be sitting here, now would you?” She gave a coy smile and chuckled slightly.
John choked on air and held the scissors in his hand, “Sherlock! I’m not going to cut your hair!” He could not cut Sherlock's hair! That was literally Sherlock's most prized possession – or John thought it should be anyway. The thought of cutting Sherlock's hair honestly felt the same as committing treason!
Sherlock rested his chin on the top of John's head and rubbed his back, “Because you’re my John and you’re a soldier. Please just hold on longer for me.” He closed his eyes and squeezed John tightly.
John woke up slowly and groaned. It was still dark outside and Sherlock was waking him up when all he wanted to do was sleep. He didn't understand... "Whyyy?" He pouted.
Mycroft pursed his lips and swallowed. “Yes... but I’m sure he knows now... wherever he is... unless of course there is nothing after death and you’re just dead and cease to exist entirely—“ He realised then that Sherlock was giving him a strangled, pained look and that practically killed Mycroft. “Right,” He cleared his throat and looked down at John, “Time and a place...” He took a breath and was silent for a good ten minutes. Everything he wanted to ask on the tip of his tongue, but not quite sure how to broach the subject. “Why did you lie to him?”
When they walked in John saw that Claire was still working, he grinned from ear to ear, “Claire! I brought you Sherlock!” He sung.
John sighed and led the crazy Sherlock Holmes imposter back to his flat. He pulled out his key and smirked at Sherlock as he stepped up to the door.
John scoffed, “No, I won’t. And you’re never going to understand what this feels like. You have no one to love you back. You’re never going to find that so you won’t ever understand
“I know, but I just love it so much! Now! I already made a reservation three nights ago. I have been planning this and…” He paused for a slight moment as he looked at his watch, “we have to go now actually.” He smiled sheepishly.
Sherlock swallowed hard because he didn’t know what he was doing wrong... well, okay, that was a lie, he knew exactly what he was doing wrong, but he just couldn’t stop feeling this way... he felt so betrayed and angry and truthfully this was all his fault and John didn’t have that much time left, but he couldn’t help but be angry. He sighed as he said his goodbyes to his ‘friends’ and then went to find John... the only one that mattered.
“It doesn’t matter who he was!” Moriarty snapped, “He was shot in the chest and brought back to camp where they were supposed to save him! Only they didn’t and he died and you want to know who the fuck was working on saving his life? Your precious John! And he
John’s mobile rang and he growled with the spoon in his mouth. He didn’t answer the bloody thing because he didn’t want to be disturbed while the movie was at the best part, but it kept ringing so he finally jammed his spoon into the tub, growling more as he picked up his mobile, “WHAT!”
Sigar glared at him. “I’m going to let that slide because frankly I don’t care what you think. Lily, come on we’re going to go upstairs to have sex.” He hummed and started to stand up.
John's door creaked open slowly. So quietly it didn’t make a sound and it certainly didn’t disturb Sherlock and John. “JOHN HAMISH WATSON!!!!” His father’s booming voice filled the room.
Sherlock groaned as he wiggled to get adjusted and then smiled up at John, “Move, please.” He said sweetly.
Sherlock huffed as he rolled his eyes. He was about to open his mouth to say something about how being sacked too many times on the rugby field can cause brain damage just as John cut him off, “Really, Brian? What are you? Five? Help Sherlock pick up his stuff and then go. I’m tired of you picking on people just because they’re different.”
After the funeral Sherlock kept getting texts. At first they were just empty threats, but then they started to get more in depth and that honestly terrified him.
Sherlock sighed heavily and followed him. He didn’t say anything, he didn’t know what he would say and he wasn’t really sure why he followed him. Perhaps he felt like the conversation wasn’t over even though John was resigning from it. He didn’t want John to end on a bad note he supposed.
He walked into the kitchen with just pants on and smirked, even though he was staying at a motel he ended up spending a lot of time at Sherlock's, though lately it was becoming less and less. Sherlock was doing something on his microscope and he looked stunning, John really was just going to leave him alone and get some water, but he couldn’t help himself. He walked over to Sherlock and wrapped both of his arms around Sherlock’s waist while he kissed his neck softly, “Hi.” He hummed as he continued to kiss the taller boys neck.
Anderson was about to open his mouth when more officers walked into the room. They ran towards Sherlock and John and grabbed both of them. “Who let you into this crime scene?” one of the officers asked, he seemed slightly annoyed, but not angrily so.
Sherlock’s body was completely relaxed waiting for the bullet to hit him, but it never came. Slowly he opened one eye to see Ted wobbling back and forth on his feet. The next thing he knew Ted was falling forward, but before he could land on top of Sherlock, Sherlock was able to roll away. He ran into John and smiled up at him. “Hi.” He whispered as he stared at John's face. A face which he thought he would never be able to see again. God he was giddy and happy, he shouldn’t have been, but he was because he wasn’t dead and John was alive and everything was good.
John huffed and shook his head, “No... I wrote you every day for a year... you never responded... I thought
Mycroft nodded and then started the blood test as Sherlock ran out of the house to go find one Greg Lestrade.
John looked at him and narrowed his eyes, “Yes... I suppose you do.” He hummed and then smirked as he grabbed Blake’s wrist.
“Oh! So now you want to talk!” He sniffled and cursed himself for letting Sherlock hear what he had done to him. Perhaps the army would make him tougher, perhaps not, but one could only hope. “I don’t want to talk to you anyway, so just go away.”
John smirked at Sherlock and bit his lip. He was thinking about this question very carefully, “Yyyeeeeesss.” Technically, he was poor. Well, okay, he wasn’t actually poor… his dad had a lot of money, he just didn’t like to spend it on John.
personally i never read the informative notes, but if someone else was doing this i would read the shite out of them...
John sighed, a long and suffering sigh, and rubbed his face, "I know, Sherlock... I know." He finally looked at Sherlock, "just don't do it again, yeah?"
He swallowed thickly, but nodded slowly as he climbed back off the bed, “Okay...” He said quietly and kissed her head. He brushed her hair back and then left.
“Nope,” He shook his head. “Do not go blaming this on me. They told me you died and I was not about to write to someone that couldn’t write back to me!” He stood up and stepped closer to John, looming over him.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and then all hell broke loose. People were firing their guns left and right and Sherlock had to take a moment to figure out how to get his feet to work. He snapped out of it when he heard Mycroft call his name. He looked up and saw Mycroft throw something at him. Keys. He caught them and then looked at Mycroft who was running towards him.
John nodded as he reached forward and pulled him into the back. He adjusted himself so that he was holding Sherlock up right and proper, but then his eyes widened. “Sherlock!! You’re bleeding!!”
John swallowed as he slowly sunk down on the floor. He was expecting Sherlock to yell or cry, but he did none of those things... He just looked broken and John was the cause of that, John swallowed hard and just sat there not knowing what to do, but then Sherlock was coming out of the bedroom, tying his scarf around his neck. He didn’t say anything, he just left, but John followed him anyway.
Sherlock walked into the class with his head held high. He looked perfect, not a hair out of place. He looked like nothing had happened yesterday, but then again John assumed that nothing technically did happen that was enough to affect him. If anything Sherlock was able to finally be his happy little self. Sherlock had known this was going to happen all along and he was probably fucking ecstatic that it was finally over.
Mycroft swallowed thickly, slowly walking into the room and sitting down on a chair next to the bedside. “Oh, John,” he breathed sadly, grabbing his hand. He wouldn’t tell Sherlock about this... he could be dreaming for all he knew, except for the fact that John looked older and more built than he had been before. He placed his other hand on John's head and ran it through his hair as he let his mind whirl. He watched the rise and fall of John's chest just to make sure that he wasn’t going to lose him... not again. Especially because if he did lose him Sherlock would never know. Mycroft wasn’t going to tell him until John was stable.
John gasped as more bullets flew passed their head, ducking as they ran down Sherlock's pathway. “Sherlock! They’re following us!”
for solving the case.” He smirked and then shook Sherlock’s hand again. “Tell you what… if we are ever stumped we’ll give you a call. I can’t promise I can call you a lot considering you are still a minor, but once you become of age you but your arse that I’ll be seeing a lot of you. Only if you promise to go to school as well,” He smiled then stood up and patted Sherlock's back. “Now run along home, your parents are probably worried.”
"I said I didn't want a fag as a son. I told you that I would kill you if you came back and I’m a man of my word." He said calmly as he wrapped his short, chubby fingers around John's neck. He may have been tall and strong, but he was lacking in the finger department. Maybe it was because they were chubby, oh why was he even thinking about that at a time like this??
He held her hand and they talked for hours. He hadn’t really talked to her ever since John ‘died’ because he had closed himself off from everything and now he was finding it hard to open back up in fear it would all happen again. He supposed it was.
letting go! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME!" He screamed and shoved her back as a few men in the pub started walking over to try and get John to get his hands off of a woman.
break, not you! And I got that!” He growled, “You just happened to be the one he fell in love with so you got the repercussions of it.”
“Possibly... but I don’t think he will... I just have a feeling and I know that that’s stupid, but I’m being selfish right now and I need you...” he looked down at the ground, honestly he didn’t even think about what would happen now… He stopped thinking about that the second Mycroft told him that John’s dad had escaped.
John followed him silently into the car and climbed into the passenger seat. He stared out the window and didn’t say anything because he didn’t want to talk and he didn’t want to go to school, but he also didn’t want to argue with Zack so he just did as Zack said. They pulled up to the building and John climbed out of the car, leaving Zack behind. He was grateful for him, he really was, but he just couldn’t do anything at the moment and he honestly hated the look of pity every time Zack looked at him. John thought about skipping and going somewhere else, but he had no money and nowhere to go so he just went to his first class.
“YES THERE IS!!!” He screamed and his voice was a little muffled. John realised that his father was crying... or either trying really hard not to cry... “You are not the son I always wanted! You’re not the son I dreamed of having when I was your age! You aren’t anything like him and I can’t stand to look at you! I’m doing the world a favour! I’m doing you a favour! It will be quick... I promise! We are just going to drive into the Thames... That's all. It will be over before you know it.” He swallowed thickly and turned a sharp corner.
It was in a tall looking wine glass with red liquid, which was fine with John because really he liked wine, but it had a frilly looking straw and an umbrella with a pineapple on the side. “And what’s this called then?” He asked as he took a drink out of the straw, he hardly got any liquid in his mouth so really the straw was just for decoration, but damn him it tasted like heaven.
Guys I am in the weirdest mood right now and I keep talking to myself and I feel like no one reads my notes anyway....
“Oh.. It matters! Because once we get there you are going to be so disappointed.” She snickered and leaned back as he flicked switches.
She stumbled back and hit the counter to the side of her, but nodded slowly, too stunned to even speak at the moment, "I'm sorry..." She tried to say, but by the time she had formed the words, John was already gone.
Sherlock gave a small smile and nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine, but also stop blaming yourself. My father is just a bully,” He whispered. “And how the bloody hell could you forget?” He flailed slightly, not enough to cause him more pain than what he was already in. “Did you think I was just in here because I love getting random emergency surgeries!” He smirked back at him.
“Yeah, like…” He trailed off and grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his coat and pulled him into a loving kiss. He felt as Sherlock gasped a bit and he smirked against his lips. He loved it when he could catch Sherlock off guard. Eventually he pulled away and ran a hand through Sherlock's wet curls.
“You’re just a kid, you don’t know anything! It was the son. He got angry because she had taken away his phone and car.” The officer sighed, he wasn’t sure what he was going to do with these two, but it was clear they weren’t a threat.
Sherlock held John's hand through the whole thing; he had to be brave for John. If he was dying he would want someone to be there for him – even if he was in a coma and wasn’t aware of his surroundings... Nonetheless, he had almost died and that’s exactly what he wanted. Someone to be there. John was there when Ted almost shot Sherlock and John was there when his own father actually managed to shoot Sherlock and now Sherlock was here for John. It was funny, Sherlock thought, because all the times they’ve almost managed to die, or in this situation actually die, one of their fathers were involved. He supposed that wasn’t really funny at all, just told Sherlock how they apparently both won the lottery in life for ‘Shittiest Dad’.
“WELL HE WILL BE IF YOU DON’T SEND A HELICOPTER!” The man shouted and flailed about, watching as his surgeons tried to stable John.
Sherlock was silent for a good minute, but to both of them it felt like hours. “Okay… I’ll tell you.” He finally said, because a world without John wasn’t a world he wanted to live in. He went through two years of pure hell for John and to come back and not have him was unacceptable.
John barely registered what was happening. He was heaving for breath and everything sounded far, far away. Like he was underwater and he was trying to listen to the sounds on the surface. He didn't hear the door open and he didn't feel Sherlock tackle his father to the ground wrestling for the gun. He coughed and coughed as things started to become clearer and more focused. He turned his head and his brain stopped. He blinked rapidly and tried to call out, but his sound didn't travel. His throat felt like it was on fire. It hurt so much, but he didn’t care. He didn’t care that it hurt to speak or yell because he wanted to reach out,
Sherlock ran a hand up John's chest and then grabbed hold of John's dog tags, even though John was back he didn’t take them off and Sherlock loved that.
John swallowed and nodded slowly. He reached out of his burrito of warmth and grabbed the coat, sitting up and putting it on. John buried his face into the lapels and choked on a sob. It still smelled like him and it was too much, but not near enough at the same time. He looked up at Claire with watery eyes, but the tears didn’t fall, "I miss him so much... And it hasn't even been a full day yet..."
“I take that as a yes then.” John said under his breath and smiled. While Sherlock was gone he slipped his work phone into his pocket and waited for Sherlock to emerge.
Sherlock's breath hitched and he shook his head, “don’t talk like that... you’re going to be just fine. Don’t talk like you’re already dead...” He whispered and shut his eyes a bit, because he couldn’t handle the thought of an already dead John. A John going into his death sentence willingly, but not wanting to stop it.
(I actually have a five pound bag of Laffy Taffy in my closet let me just go grab that and I'll read you the two jokes... brb)
kill you!” his father spat. He was still lying on the floor of John's room and even though it should have looked pathetic… it scared John to the bone.
John took a deep breath and clenched his jaw as he continued packing. Sherlock was still sleeping by the time Garrett and Mycroft came over and into the room, honestly he was surprised the boy hadn’t woken up yet through all the noise. He figured it was because this was the first night he really slept since he started getting the text, the thought made John want to vomit all over again, “Ready?” Garrett said at the same time that Mycroft growled: “Let me see!”
“This phone call... it’s – umm – it’s my note. That’s what people do, don’t they? Leave a note.” His eyes fixating on the crumpled mass that was John.
John started laughing hysterically and snatched the paper out of his hands before tearing it into pieces, “A fucking joke! That’s what that is! I’m tempted to go over and kill her for fucking messing with me!” He growled a bit.
It was John’s turn to shrug, “he’s an arsehole. I don’t think we’re going to work out after all.” He frowned, “wait… hang on. I didn’t tell you he was alive…”
Aiden shook his head and stood up, reaching over to the side of the couch and grabbing his coat, “You’re a fucking prick.”
John screamed and then shot the man four times, three times in the chest and then once right in the middle of the forehead. He was done with Sigar Holmes and he was so angry, he was shaking with rage and anguish because Lily was dying... someone he looked up to as a mother was slowly slipping away and there wasn’t anything he could do about it, but not only that... now he had to go and break the news to Sherlock – someone he didn’t even want to see at the moment. He stared at Sigar’s body for what seemed like hours, but eventually he stood up, grabbed the letters and put them into a box he found, sent Mycroft a text, and then left.
His headache was more and more intense, the song was louder, the breathing faster, the sweating heavier. He felt dizzier and dizzier, he couldn't form any coherent thought, not anymore, he couldn't speak. A tear streamed down his face. With one last glimpse of lucidity he thought
Sherlock smirked, knowing he had won this time. John rolled his eyes and a shiver passed down his body, because Sherlock was angry and he was rude and he was going to kick his ass. Not a difficult assumption to make. "Let's go, nerd."
John kept staring at him. Sherlock realized a second later what he really meant. "Oh. Well, that. Because, because, you- you were the only one who- em. Really mattered."
He immediately put it on once again, apparently his body was too slow at waking up, and his lungs were slower than normal.
The rest of the class and of the day of school seemed endless for John, who at lunch time was already incredibly tired and wanted to do anything but go to Sherlock's house. He didn't want to know anything about history , nor about chemistry, nor about the greaser.
John was hard too, and so Sherlock's hand skimmed down and stopped right at the tip of his cock, John moaned into the kiss and pushed into the touch, Sherlock caressed the tip and slowly, slowly pulled down the foreskin. John shrieked and Sherlock smiled.
"I do know where John lives. He gave me his address the day he moved in, he never invited me, he just said it was in case something happened." Sherlock frowned. "I- I didn't tell you because I knew that it would be too shocking for John to see you alive. I'm sorry."
The next morning Harry woke up late, his mother was doing breakfast for John. As soon as his sister entered to the kitchen, her mother got red with anger and started yelling at her. Harry didn't answer, she just rubbed her head,
"SHHHH!" Molly said, widening her eyes. "You don't tell boys that sort of things! It was supposed to be a secret!"
"Can we change the topic, please? And finish this detention as soon as possible?" Sherlock said shaking the erasers in front of Irene.
is what you always do. You come back to me. You will never give me up, not truly, not really, not willingly."
“I just- knowing about colors and ways of mixing them is not enough, not anymore. I want more. I want to be better and better and I think it’s not a simple coincidence we met again. I have to take the chance before it’s too late- please?”
John looked at him silently for a moment, and then looked up to the sky. "It's beautiful, isn't it?"
Sherlock looked around. The classroom was empty. Everybody had left. He moved towards the door and closed it. John looked at him with a frown. "What are you doing?"
Sherlock felt mad again, but started thinking about it and realized it was probably for the best. Maybe it was a terrible idea to play those games with her again. He didn't care about her. He didn't even know if it was her, it could be anyone, except it
Where? Where could she have possibly taken him? An important memory. He was trembling. His hand was shaking. He couldn’t lose control. He couldn’t. Now more than ever he had to keep himself calm, John’s life depended on it. But when John’s life depended on him, it was never easy to maintain control. His vision was blurred. Breathe. He had to breathe. He inhaled but he felt as if the air was filled with stones, sinking him in. John.
As soon as he walked towards him, John looked up at him and smiled in relief. “Where had you been?”, he whispered, looking a bit annoyed but it got mixed with his smile and Sherlock couldn’t quite tell if he was angry or happy.
He had a gun with him. He could easily use it except for the fact that Melissa had one with her as well and she was incredibly close to John. Which was a risk Sherlock certainly didn’t want to take.
They were so close that Sherlock only needed to raise his head an inch or two and their lips would meet.
"I..." Sherlock considered, at a loss of what to say. His brain was taking too long, he wasn't even supposed to talk to John, it was dangerous. He had to come up with an idea to hide the truth. He really had.
Sherlock didn’t speak, didn’t move, and John would say he didn’t even breathe, for there was far too much stillness in the room. After a while, he walked towards John. “No, it isn’t.”
He felt as one of John's legs came to rest in between his, prying them apart and grazing the skin there. He gasped and pulled John towards him, until John was kneeled over the chair.
Jim lifted his eyebrow and turned to look at John, who was still sitting against the lockers, rubbing his back and not being able to see properly. "Fine. Just wanted to give him a message anyway. Let's go Sebastian. Joining, Holmes?"
John stood straight, ignoring the tingling sensation the warmth of Sherlock’s skin had left on his arms.
John sat up to start unbuttoning his shirt, but when he did so, the fabric of his shirt hurt Sherlock's bruised arm, who couldn't help but flinch a little at the movement. "Ouch", he whispered.
He stood there, in the middle of the flat, staring at those white, horrible walls, his breathing was ragged and all he could see around were the tiny pieces of broken paper that had been a terrible drawing a minute ago, he looked at them as they fell and landed into the wooden floor.
Sherlock smiled back. At that point, his brain wasn’t even thinking anymore. Not that it had thought too much during the last couple of minutes, but he had simply stopped trying. Why forcing it?
John was so curious, he wanted to know what was going on, what had happened to her. She had been dead for three years and now she was back? How was that even possible? Well, it couldn't be that surprising to John, apparently faking death was easier than he thought. She wasn't the first case.
Sherlock leaned just an inch closer "I won't hurt you, I promise, more than ever, I mean it. I would never throw this away. Never. I've done it before, and it's too much to risk, I'm not going to risk losing you again."
He decided that John didn't care at all, definitely, he just said it because he thought it might move something inside Sherlock and he would forget everything he did, but that's not how Sherlock's mind worked.
He sat, unable to wipe off that silly smile off his face (and he really didn’t want to). John came with two plates and two mugs and placed them over the table. Only then did Sherlock realize how hungry he was.
after he thought he’d never get the opportunity again, the feeling of John’s breathing against his neck, the heat between them and their unspoken need of merging into one another, or had Sherlock imagined that? It didn’t matter. He stored that whole memory in the depths of his mind palace, and held it as a treasure he wasn’t certain he’d ever get to claim again.
It was London. With its fog and its lights and its colors and its diversity. With its sunsets and its sunrise and with the stars looming around and with the shadow of the London eye. It was the city he’d fallen in love with.
"What the hell is wrong with you Sherlock? You've been acting so weird since yesterday! If I didn't know you better I'd say that her message affected you deeply."
Sherlock felt his knees weakening at John's words, at the implication behind them, at the hurt concealed beneath that sentence. He swallowed. "No. I'm not. John, it's me. I'm not dead, I'm here", this time he couldn't stop himself and he walked towards John, pointing at himself stupidly, as if that would make John see the truth.
He was walking through the halls, thinking about what to say to the greaser, when someone held him from behind, tightly. John was surprised and then he realized he couldn't move his arms and he could barely stand, so whoever it was holding him was incredibly strong. He was trying to turn when he heard a familiar voice.
And he didn't do anything, he simply saw it, falling down his arm, slowly, as tiny tears of blood made their way to the carpet. There was no one to kiss his wounds anymore.
John stared at him, and sometimes looked down, or closed his eyes, afraid that his own emotions would betray him.
They went downstairs and, in the moment they arrived to the second floor, Mike received them with a mix of relief and anger. He turned to look at John. "Where the hell were you?"
John, with his strong muscles that had gone through sand and heat and death and loss, John with his tanned skin and his genuine smile that after seeing all the horrors of war and evil still managed to find a way in his face, John with his blonde hair and the small shrink of his nose when he’s focused or angry and with his shining eyes when he looks at Sherlock or when he takes a charcoal. John was meant to be explored, not simply as an enigma, nor as a case, he was meant to be explored in all his humanity, with his own scars and traumas, with his complex, burdened mind. John was far much more than a conundrum, John was far much more than an artistic piece, John was the conjunction of all those elements, the impossible yet existent mix of light and shadow, of perfection and imperfection. And Sherlock was eager to explore every single molecule, every single cell, every particle that composed him, he was filled with a raw need to know him, to explore him, to
Mrs. Hudson heard it and knocked again. "Sherlock Holmes, your brother is here and we are having breakfast, so have the decency of opening your door and coming downstairs just to say 'hello'..."
Sherlock shook his head. He didn't know what to do, what to say, he couldn't take John with him, that was certain, but he couldn't just force him to stay there, bored out of his mind, he knew that in that aspect him and John were alike, both craving for an entertainment, both craving for danger, both loathing boredom. John put on his robe and walked out of the room, limping.
Whoops! I'm SO so sorry this little one took so long, life has been very busy BUT I hope you enjoy this chapter (eyes out for the rating!), thank you so much for your support and for loving this fic, it means the world to me <3
"He looked happy when he was with you. I tried to stop it. But I couldn't. I knew better than that, he looked genuinely happy, like I had never seen him before..."
Oh. Oh. Someone killed a year before his return. A case that hadn’t been solved before. Killed at their own house.
He had been collaborating with the Belgium police, and they had extended a huge operative to catch the last two people, and perhaps the hardest to get: Irene Adler and Sebastian Moran.
Sherlock looked up again, seeing the boy in front of him. "Good, because we better get a good grade in this. I need it."
John didn't let go, never stopped for a moment, but his hands moved from grasping Sherlock's lapels to slide over his arms, until he took Sherlock's hands, that were still resting on his lips.
he just couldn’t because each breath he took was muddled with sand and smelled like desert and he simply couldn’t.
They didn't talk about this. Sherlock never asked for details, Mycroft was never willing to give them. They ignored the problem, over and over, until Mycroft would grow tired and threat him to send him to rehab, or to tell mummy and daddy. That was how it always worked. This time was not the exception.
Of course, he’d have to go through them in chronological order, because someone whose name started with a ‘c’ couldn’t have been killed after someone whose name started with a ‘d’. It was easier to narrow them down that way.
Four minutes later, Sherlock came out. John heard the door opening and noticed two things immediately: Sherlock was biting his lip, his brows furrowed and his face red with anger. The second thing, his sister was leaning on him, half-unconscious.
Victor threw his hands in the air. “It blocks away the pain! Can’t you see that? Wasn’t that why you kept taking them?”
"You're not a pet. You're a conductor of light." Sherlock whispered and John had to lean closer just to listen to him. "Stay, please."
“Or maybe I just really wanted to kiss you and moved that brush around the canvas as fast as I could.”
sorry about what happened with Jim, John! I thought you had forgiven me! Everything was going well and suddenly you storm out and leave!"
The only time he had felt a fascination of this kind he had been at a gallery at the Musée D’Orsay, being 12 years old and watching Van Gogh’s paintings.
He wasn’t really in the mood. His hand had been trembling and the atmosphere simply wasn’t right. His flat didn’t have the magic of 221B, his flat was devoid of life, devoid of energy, devoid of creativity, devoid of
"Hm?" Sherlock said distracted, he really didn't want to pay attention to her and he preferred shaking erasers in silence, well in this case. He missed John so much.
They stood in an awkward silence for a second, but Sherlock finally gathered courage. "Em... You can, you can stay in my bedroom... If you'd like".
He threw the towel to the floor and stood awkwardly, looking around the room, uncertain of what he should do. Sherlock finally opened his eyes and stared at him. “What are you waiting for?”, he asked John as he moved aside and threw the duvet aside, invitingly.
, which was one of John's favorite books, but he realized it was better to keep the conversation short and go straight to the point, so it wouldn't end up in a fight or something like that, which certainly, without a single doubt, John would lose.
"Don't be. Greasers are never sorry. Go back to your friends,they must be missing you. Now leave me alone. Please. I have to go to classes now. Goodbye, Holmes."
"Okay, so this gift is to John"-Greg said, trying to cut the tension between John and Harry. John took the present. "
I want to thank each and every single person who took the time to leave kudos or to leave a comment, or just decided to read this. It means the world for me, and I can't even begin to explain the happiness I felt whenever I received a new comment. Thank you for supporting this project, but most of all, thank you for loving John and Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he froze, unable to say anything. It was obvious Harry was unaware of what she was saying, clearly too drunk to think properly but was she being honest? Was she implying what she was implying?
"Oh Jesus", he muttered, his breath leaving his body, as if he'd just been punched in his body. "No".
After a long while in which John buried his face in his hands and Sherlock looked at him, he finally looked up.
Mr Hikes threw them a questioning look, which terrified John to the very core. The greaser looked at John and smiled. He put the magazine down and turned to talk to Mr Hikes. "Well, what John wants to say is that we didn't write anything in our notebook, but we
John shook his head. “I don’t think so, I mean how could they know it would be us? And what do they mean with the message?”
"He left an hour ago Sherlock! He said he had to go and buy food at the market because there was nothing to eat, remember?"
"Are you sure you're staying?" John turned to look at Sherlock, who was unfocused, but returned his attention to him.
"Oh, don't come with that utter bullshit! You keep your plans secret from him and you keep that woman's messages from him! Promise it! It's about him, please, I need you to know."
Since that day, he had created five different paintings. He hadn’t reached perfection yet, but he was quite pleased with the result. No, that was a lie. He was never happy with the result, he always hated what he painted, but his technique had certainly gotten better since then and his mind was bursting with ideas.
John tried to steady himself and took a deep breath. "Two things. One: if you don't want two accidents in less than six months I'd recommend you to move and stop distracting me, and two: I'm still pissed at you, you idiot. So don't pretend everything is fine, because I think we agreed of something which made us no longer something, didn't we?"
“John Watson. Ex-artist, ex-doctor, ex-soldier. Discharged. How did your paths cross, Sherlock? Seems improbable.”
He was even more surprised when his father replied him excited that it was a great idea. It didn't take too much to convince him actually, he just asked him where it was, who was going to be there and who was organizing it. As soon as John mentioned the name 'Sarah', his father nodded and said: "Well, you should go. And you should tell your sister, too."
smile, of course. She talked happily. "Let's go, we have lots of things to do, I'll let you drive my rocket, what do you say?"
"Oh, I think you do. You know something about John Watson and you're hiding it from me. Am I wrong?"
"Today-" Mr Hikes started the class without saluting and proceeded to explain the activity of the day. "-We'll be discussing the Second World War. And since it's a very recent event and many of you were too young to remember anything, I decided to make it more interesting and do a work in couples. Open your textbooks and develop all the questions on page 148. We'll discuss them at the end of the class. Oh! And you can pair up with whoever you want, as long as you work."
Her heart dropped and she was silent for a minute, “I’m sorry..?” She finally whispered back to him.
so.... that was a bit anticlimactic... NOT. Umm so yeah.. Lestrade is evil.... So that's that... but let me tell you something... I did not make Lestrade evil because I don't like him.. He's actually one of my favourites.. It's just... Well Yeah.. it just happened and also I've never read a fanfic where Lestrade is evil... so you know i thought i would mix it up. It does give it a twist no one was expecting. i mean.... Maybe I have... Guys I've read over 300 johnlock fanfics... I just don't know anymore.. and it sucks because it's really hard to find new ones... If you have suggestions YOU SHOULD COMMENT THEM!!! im a bit obsessed.. SO YAYA!! evil Lestrade!!
Sigar could feel himself slipping, he didn’t have much time, he groaned softly and closed his eyes, “Since I won’t be able to do it, you must pass on a message for me.” He hummed.
“Afternoon, Mr. Holmes,” John smiled happily as Sherlock took off his glove and then reached forward to shake John's hand.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at that, but waved it off and handed John's phone back. He was probably angry with Sherlock's forwardness or he was just in pain, “Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.” He smiled some as he grabbed the coffee and turned around. He took a sip and grimaced because Molly’s coffee making skills were horrid, but he needed the caffeine. He had been up for three straight days and he was hoping he would be able to go to sleep tonight. He was so close to solving his current case. He went back to his microscope and then peered into the top, “How do you feel about the violin?”
Sherlock was grateful he didn’t bring up John and only thought about himself, in truth that was exactly what he needed. John always thought about other people before himself, he always put others first and Sherlock loved that about him. But right now he needed the opposite of John, he needed someone who was so selfish they didn’t think about anyone’s needs except their own. Brian could give that to him. He swallowed thickly at the thought, rolling over and closing his eyes, hoping sleep would eventually wash over him. It didn’t.
Sherlock groaned when he heard the annoying buzzing coming from the side of his table. School… He reached his hand over and turned off the alarm clock and then took a deep breath to try and get the sleep out of his eyes. He turned over to see a John sprawled out on top of the bed. That was odd. Normally he was a light sleeper, but he didn’t even hear John come in last night. He shrugged it off and blamed it on the fact that Mycroft had pissed him off last night. Stupid Mycroft. Sherlock climbed out of bed and started to get ready for school. He would let John sleep a few minutes longer because John practically took three seconds to get ready… While Sherlock took ages because of his untamable hair!
Sherlock was sitting on the floor in the kitchen surrounded by the letters. He was a sobbing mess and swallowed hard when he heard John, but he didn’t say anything. He couldn’t because his voice would have cracked, not to mention he was trying to control some of the emotions he was feeling. John soon rounded the corner and gasped softly, running over to him, “Sherlock!! What are you doing on the floor?” He knelt down and ran his hands through Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock was lost in thought again. Ever since he lied to John he had been doing that a lot and now John was dead. He wasn’t on life support so now how could he survive? He swallowed hard and closed his eyes when suddenly he felt a jerky movement beside him and coughing. Coughing? Well, that didn’t make any sense... all the doctors had already left... He opened his eyes to see who had entered the room and when he realised no one else was there he slowly turned his head.
Sherlock closed his eyes preparing himself to be struck by the car when suddenly he heard the squeal of the tyres and his eyes snapped opened. The car had turned the corner... And he was alive because the car had turned the corner instead of going straight! And then the gears in his brain started to slowly start up again and why was that car going so fast?
John looked at his wardrobe and ended up pulling on a jumper that was much too big for him. Once upon a time it used to fit, but now none of his clothes did and John didn’t have the strength to go out and buy new ones. Why did it matter anyway? He was practically just skin and bones now, which sucked a bit because he used to be toned and defined. He looked even worse now than when he did in high school.
John screamed and tried to move, but his body felt like it was paralyzed. He felt so relaxed, but at the same time so heavy and he was confused. He didn’t understand what was happening and Sherlock was yelling at him. Well, Sherlock wasn’t really yelling at him, but in John's little delusional little mind he was. “MYCROFT!!!!” John sobbed. “MYCROFT!!!” he tried to bat Sherlock away, but he wasn’t even really moving.
“Oh, I don’t think so... See he’s not going to find out about who I am until I want him to... and once he knows it will be too late for him. I’m going to tear his heart right out of his chest and big brother won’t be able to save him this time, but then of course I’ll come back here and take care of you... so I suppose you two will be together again soon. Ugh, Gag.”
John stared down at the plastic fork and glared at it, like it had personally offended him. “One of these days...” He said slowly, “I’m going to succeed and there’s nothing you can do to stop me.” He mumbled and picked up his plastic fork.
you risk my life, risk my health, just because you wanted to be fucking selfish. How fucking dare you think that you can keep this from me and we can still manage to repair what fucked up relationship we still have.” He shook his head and gave a small laugh, but nothing about this was funny. He glared at Sherlock for a couple of seconds longer before storming out of the flat. He just needed air and some time... he didn’t know if he would ever go back to Sherlock, but he had a pretty good feeling he would – he couldn’t seem to stay away from the insufferable man. And John just hated the fact that Sherlock didn’t trust him enough to tell him things like this – or that’s how John felt anyway.
Sherlock’s breath hitched a bit and he looked into the box. Sure enough there was letter after letter after letter, a year’s supply it seemed. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he reached into the box and grabbed the first letter. He probably should have read them in order, but he couldn’t be bothered to sift through them right now, he just needed to
Sherlock took a deep breath and then said in the smallest of voices. “You don’t want to tell your parents that you might be gay…”
Sherlock's mother started having a coughing fit and about dropped the fine china plate she was currently holding, “A friend…?”
John clenched his jaw and glared daggers at him, “Right. Sod this. How can you fucking care about anything? You’re a machine. Can’t believe I ever thought any differently. And for the record... friends protect people.” He growled and shook his head, “Stay here if you want.” He opened the door and then left, slamming it shut behind him.
He grumbled, but let himself be held... he actually rather liked his mother's hugs, but he was too stubborn to admit that. Eventually she pulled away and he sat back down as he played with the end of his shirt. He just wanted his letter to come and he wanted this party to be over.
He let out a breath of air he didn't realise he had been holding and then just turned around and left without another word. He felt rude for not saying goodbye, but he couldn’t stand to be there any longer – he didn’t know how John was even managing.
“Don’t talk like that.” He said firmly, as he pressed down harder onto Sherlock's chest. “You’re going to live. Please just—” He swallowed as tears finally managed to escape and dripped from his eyes.
Sherlock shoved the man up against the alleyway wall as he continued to shake and sweat, “I SAID GIVE IT TO ME!!!” He screamed and shoved him again, harder this time.
Brain glared right back at John. “I don’t understand why you stick up for him!” Brian snapped. “He’s weird!”
John's eyes widened and he shook his head, he knew what was happening, but without Sherlock explicitly saying so there was still hope, hope that maybe he was up there for a different reason – there was no hope now though. “No. I won’t keep it. I’ll promise you that, so don’t you fucking
! Sherlock hated school with a passion. It was absolutely pointless because he already knew everything! But Mycroft and his father would have none of it. He thought that maybe he could get out of it because he had almost
It had been five days since John was released from prison, six days since Sherlock came back. Sherlock had been working on cases since his return because it was what he loved to do, but he also wasn’t taking any cases where he had to leave the flat. He left the flat while John was sleeping a day after John had been released from prison and when he came back he had found John in a full blown panic attack. It made sense, he should have told him he was going somewhere and he was a fucking idiot for not doing so, but he wasn’t thinking about it. It took a few hours to finally get John to calm down and once he did John didn’t talk to him for a full twenty hours.
"I like that jumper on you." Sherlock smiled, making John lose his train of thought. "It's probably the only one I do like. It's not hideous!"
Sherlock didn’t mind. John kept hitting the right spot and it felt so good. He could feel the pleasure building and building until he was coming all over his chest and it felt like he was falling, but also floating and it was such a beautiful and confusing feeling, but he didn’t care. He also may have been making noises, but he honestly couldn’t even tell anymore. Everything just faded away and all that mattered was John.
Sherlock ignored him though as he wrapped his scarf around his neck, “Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we should be able to afford it.”
“You already know the answer to that.” He clenched his jaw and forced himself not to look away, he wouldn’t give Moriarty the upper hand.
John hailed a cab once he had walked a few blocks away from Baker Street. He would have just hailed one at Baker Street, but none were available and the last thing he wanted to do was wait on the curb and have Sherlock come out.
“I do know him. Sherlock Holmes is a rude, arrogant man, who closes himself off to the world. He is lonely and he has absolutely no one. It’s just him and his cases. I don’t think he had a good child life and because of that he lashes out when he gets older because he has the upper hand. He yells at people and tells them horrible, horrible things because he doesn’t want anyone to get close to his heart because in his little, but brilliant and amazing brain caring isn’t an advantage. Not one bit. Caring is going to lead him to getting hurt eventually and he can’t stand the thought of that, but that’s because Sherlock Holmes has the biggest heart I could possibly imagine.
Sherlock walked up to the side of the bridge and looked down at the water for a long moment. He just stared at the water until he finally broke down and started crying. He had a bottle in his hand and John could only assume that it was a bottle of alcohol. Oh Sherlock... Sherlock looked up at the sky and was screaming words that John couldn’t make out. He was too far away for John to read his lips.
They walked into the jewellery store and looked around. John picked up a necklace with a circle locket on it, it looked manly and plain enough, “How about this one?” He hummed and Sherlock shook his head, “Well, then...” He mumbled and put it down, it seemed simple enough and perfect for the occasion, but clearly Sherlock thought differently.
Mike knew... Of course he knew! But he was hoping he was wrong. He swallowed thickly, "John you can't-"
He had never felt this kind of pain in his life before. It was like every single thing that had ever hurt him from the second he was born was all compacted into a ball and thrown at him. He felt overwhelmed and tired and there was no point. No point in anything. He barely had the energy to speak and he just wanted the pain to go away. He remembered Sherlock's speech about how he felt, how he would never let them win... He was starting to wonder if that was a test because Sherlock knew that he would break John to the point where it was unbearable. He wondered if Sherlock just told him that to see if John was strong enough or if he would let Sherlock win completely. John wouldn’t give up so easily... Not yet. It hadn’t even been a day and he was already contemplating on the idea of killing himself. God, he was pathetic, just like Sherlock had told him. Sherlock was never wrong.
Thank you for your incredible support and for your patience, and for your wonderful comments, and for leaving kudos. It means the world for me! :D
"Okay, this is awkward." Harry said, trying to light the environment, which of course, didn't work. They heard a noise downstairs, then someone coming up, then John was there, holding a lot of bags. Harry and Sherlock were still looking at each other. They both turned their heads at the same time.
"In another bedroom". As soon as he said that, Sherlock sat up and started looking around, worry taking over him.
Sherlock smiled awkwardly as the other laughed but again he thought it wasn't funny and all he wanted was to finish his cigarette as soon as possible so he could leave and stop wasting his time with those boys.
The greaser stopped his pace, forcing John to do so too, smiled, put the coffees in the ground and came closer to John, who looked at him questioningly. Next thing John knew he felt the greaser's fingers on his body and he started laughing. Tickles.
Hawthorne closed the door and Melissa turned to look at Sherlock, who was now covering his eyes with his hands and mumbling: "there has to be something, something I'm missing..."
"Sherlock!". Lestrade shouted, Sherlock widened his eyes and looked at them, who were staring at him, looking very worried.
John nodded and kissed him again, as if it was physically impossible to stay away from him, it felt as if any particle of distance was a universe and a thousand lightyears apart.
Mycroft looked startled at the question for a moment, but then his expression became as emotionless as always. “John Watson…”
John didn't want to go to school the next morning. It was logical, school was becoming a huge burden more than a joy. And Sherlock and Irene would be there and they would be kissing and then Sherlock would go and talk to John because they're
Hawthorne raised his eyebrows, looking startled. "Well, it's the first time a patient comes to erase his
?". He finally turned and looked at her confused. Of course it was not because of him, of course it wasn't. How could he, Sherlock Holmes, help someone? Be useful? Be appreciated by someone? Specially by someone like John Watson. How?
“I- I left you a sandwich at the table, please eat it. You need to recover all the energy you’ve lost.”
He opened his eyes. Mycroft was sitting in front of him, reading a book, an eyebrow raised. "You're awake", he stated without taking his eyes off the book.
Sherlock walked closer and approached John from behind. He was so close that his body appeared to be right next to him in the mirror. “You’re still not observing”, he whispered into John’s ear.
He clenched his fists. He had to solve this, and he had little time. The murders were becoming more and more common. He had to find a way to protect John.
John was now crossing his arms, as if they were shields, as if Sherlock was about to hurt him, tear him to pieces.
"Of course you are.” Victor kept his smile still. Then his face fell still again. He produced a small package from his pocket. "I remember how much you loved the purple ones…”
John smiled. “Thank you.” He reached to grab a piece of paper and wrote down on it the passcode: 7437. “Just hit delete and that’s all.”
"Oh." Greg answered putting his hand on his nape as he was about to say something he shouldn't. "It's just... Sherlock tells me a lot about you, and he looks...happy."
Uncomfortable topic for Sherlock, so he saved himself from comments. "I imagine he must be a good student."
Sherlock interrupted him. "Now that we're done with the saluting, we have things to do, goodbye." He turned to go back to his room.
John rolled his eyes, he hated when Sherlock got sulky. But in that moment he was sulkier than usual.
“Look at the vibrancy of the tones, oil paints make it possible! The pigmentation makes the color richer, makes it
"Because he was an idiot and wasn't paying attention to the path so he crashed with me and hit me with the books."
John nodded courtly with a smile on his face, then he turned to look at Sherlock again, noticing he hadn’t looked up in all this time and frowned. Fucking hell, if he didn’t want to see the project he wasn’t going to insist. He exhaled loudly and put the paper on his bag. Sherlock was still scribbling, still not looking up.
"At least there are no more lies between the two of you. Things might go back to how they used to be, you know, before."
The day passed by faster than he thought, despite his lack of sleep. Patients came and went as usual, no serious accidents, not terrible injuries. He felt relieved because he thought he wouldn't be able to handle an emergency because he was far too sleepy.
People were starting to enter to their offices, the deafening silence turned eventually into lazy chatters and the sound of paper works being moved or checked. He didn't look back, the door of Lestrade's office remained locked and his eyes were still fixed on the window panels in front of him.
to know. "...Look, I know it's none of my business and I don't really care, but do you have a girlfriend?"
Sherlock did it automatically, John had turned to give him some privacy while he did, as if he had never seen his naked chest, as if he had never kissed it, as if he hadn’t-
? You've heard him talk, Harry, he never talks about anything too emotional nor too personal, You know he doesn't work that way. It was wonderful. It was the biggest expression of affect, caring and selfless interest he could ever be capable of, and it was directed towards me. God, I'm lucky, I'm lucky to be missed by Sherlock Holmes." He smiled while Harry just looked at him in some hidden disbelief, so he cleared his throat and slightly changed the subject. "Now you answer my question, Harry!"
Sherlock continued, "the John who knew me completely and who put up with me and my sociopathic tendencies. The John who shot a man to save me. The one who nearly blew himself up to defeat Moriarty. The John who believed in me.
"What the hell am I supposed to know?" Sherlock shrugged. "I don't care how that nerd feels about me."
Her mom turned to look at the car, "...you arrived a long time ago and didn't enter the house. It wasn't hard to figure out where you were, but it was worrying finding out."
“Yes. I tried to, I tried mixing the colors and using white and a bit of black and putting a sky in the background and even tried with other colors, but it never worked. I grew tired of it eventually and by that time I was fed up with using colors.”
"There was a wound in his forehead. It was bleeding. Around two inches. It needed stitches, I'm certain, he'd lost blood because of that wound-", he kept explaining, but Mycroft pushed him back again, this time more decidedly.
Sherlock took John's hands and slowly caressed his knuckles as they kissed. He remembered that moment, back in the rooftop when he talked to John and reached a hand, desperately, hopelessly trying to hold it one last time before letting go.
Sherlock threw his shirt to the floor and John turned at the sound, he walked to the back of the chair. Sherlock was starting to feel sleepy and dizzy and all he wanted was to get it done with and get some sleep.
"Unwise, brother dear." Mycroft was shaking his head, looking down. "Mommy and daddy will be very, very upset." He looked up and smiled almost mischievously. "But... They're used to it anyway, you've always been such a disappointment, Sherlock. A stupid,
It was Sunday which meant that it was almost Tuesday and John was excited for his next class, which was stupid but also understandable, because he had nothing else to do with his life for now. After coming back he had considered putting into practice all the things he’d learnt at the army and look for a job as a doctor, it was the only possibility he could consider, and he discarded it immediately, he knew he wouldn’t be happy on it, and he was only driven by passions, had been his whole life.
John didn't feel offended, he had the right of not knowing who this Presley was. He didn't change his expression and kept his eyes on the road. "I guess I am
Sherlock simply stared at him, feeling the tears slowly crawling down his cheek. He allowed them. He had held back too much, there were far too many demons arresting him, capturing him, claiming everything he was and everything he would ever be, standing in his and John’s way. There was a heavy, heavy silence, interrupted only by the sound of their breathing.
John moved his neck by shaking his head, which forced Sherlock to put his hand away. The greaser turned to look at the window. "Living more does not mean having the risk of an accident."
Fine, the biggest lie had fallen, John found out the truth and now there wasn't that feeling of anxiety and fear that always surrounded Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded and placed a kiss against the top of John's head. "It's over", he said, and honestly he didn't know if it meant the case or if he meant the two of them. He didn't want to think about it, not yet. His mind was still too muddled, there was too much morphine standing between him and John. But oh God, how much he wished it was the former, how much he wished they could defeat all the demons along the way, how much he wished they could survive to every obstacle together, how much he longed to spend the rest of his life with John by his side.
When John realized, it was already 9 p.m. He seriously had no idea at which moment time had passed so fast, but he had to admit he was having a great time. He had talked to Sarah during all that time, and she was really interesting, she kept telling funny stories and he had a good laugh.
"I just want to be by myself, okay?" Sherlock said trying not to sound annoyed and tired and stressful and full of guilt, but it didn't work.
"Listen to him, I'm the one who is dangerous. Irene Adler, huge pleasure." She winked at Harry, who just stared at her, dazzled. She wasn't the first one to fall for Irene. But John couldn't let it happen, not her.
It felt so good to say that name again and actually be standing in front of the person who responded to it. In Serbia, Sherlock had said it so many times, as some kind of last resource, as the only way to keep his mind awake, to stop himself from slipping into unconsciousness. He knew what would happen if he went unconscious.
John's mind was divided in two sides: there was a side which loved Sherlock deeply, which remembered everything they had lived in such a short period of time, all the things the greasersaid and the happiness he felt back then. That side of his brain kept constantly telling him to forgive Sherlock, that he had messed up, completely, but he deserved another chance.
Sherlock's frown deepened but he followed Lestrade, turning to look at the stack of folders laying on the DI's desk. Lestrade was holding one of those in his hands.
John sat in his chair and opened the newspaper. Then Sherlock's phone sounded. That noise. That famous noise they had heard three years ago. There was no doubt it was her, but how?. John looked at the phone lying on the table, he couldn't hide his amusement, Sherlock didn't move, he was still and quiet in his chair, like he didn't hear anything.
John started the car and rushed as fast as he could from Moran's house. He took a deep breath once they were at a fair distance.
Now that he thought about it, it was weird, all of Jim's gang was at the cafeteria talking and having lunch but Sherlock wasn't and he was so pissed he hadn't realized. Actually, he hadn't been with them during lunch the past few days.
And the second floor was even more surprising than the first one. It was a large, very large hall with about seven doors on each side, and John looked at it surprised, he didn't expect a person like Sherlock would live in a place like this. He entered to the third door on the left and he couldn't hide the huge surprise that was drawing in his face.
He closed the door immediately, feeling sick and went down the stairs. Suddenly, the flat felt lifeless, boring, impersonal. John had taken far much more than his possessions with him, he had taken 221B's essence. And Sherlock had to get it back.
Sherlock looked at her, trying to find a suitable answer, it was difficult and it took him a while to try to put the thoughts away. "A... You know...Murder."
He was going to answer, when the greaser passed him by and shook his mother's hand with a big (and evil, John could tell) smile in his face. "Sherlock Holmes, you must be Mrs. Watson"
He couldn't resist the temptation, he leaned closer, he had to. He held her wrist. She kept her eyes fixed on him, without saying a word. He waited for a while. "And I can take your pulse, elevated. Busted, Mrs. Adler."
John pretended he didn't hear the question because he didn't want to answer and instead decided to reply with another question. "Who's playing?"
I promise next chapter will be up soon and things will be better and pretty and cute and adorable. I hope to make it up for all the angst!!! I love you lots <3 (Please don't hate me and enjoy!!!)
John closed his eyes for a moment. He couldn’t count all the times he would sit alone, in the middle of nothing, smelling the stench of death and powder and loss and pain and wishing he could go back, wishing he had never left, wishing he had never become famous, wishing he could just
John cleared his throat and nodded. "Yeah. No one answered the doorbell, so I- em- used the keys you had given me."
John looked at him, puzzled. Then he shook his head and forced himself to keep talking, “I saw your portrait. You look different too
As soon as he'd opened it, John broke the kiss and stared at Sherlock hungrily, the darkness eclipsing the light of his pupils. Sherlock nodded once again and John got on his knees.
Then he seemed to have remembered something and walked away from the room. He came back a minute later, carrying a long mirror, which he placed right next to the tripod.
Harry's expressions filled with anger. "Fuck you, Holmes. You're no one to talk about our family." She turned and walked away.
Melissa nodded, took out her set of keys and led them towards the archive room. As soon as she opened the door, Sherlock’s jaw dropped opened. Shelves covered the room from the floor to the top, and they were completely filled with patient’s folders, each marked by a big letter that indicated that the ‘A’s  from 1999 to 2000 were there and so were the ‘B’s from 2005 to 2006 and so.
John blinked for a moment. Right. There was life beyond 221B. Not a particularly appealing life, but the life he had gotten used to. He had forgotten they had agreed to meet with Mike, somehow his whole world had been reduced to colors and stars and Sherlock somewhere along the way.
22 steps, plus the seven stairs leading to John's bedroom. It would take him approximately 8,5 seconds to get to it. In 8,5 seconds, 24 different violin notes crossed through his head.
And so John talked and talked. He talked about the friends he'd lost, the people he'd saved, the people who'd saved him, the bombings, the attacks, the counterattacks, an even the color of sand.
But when it came to John, there was a need beyond the mental, beyond the artistic, even beyond the physical.
Lestrade nodded slowly, as he tried to remember the details of it. "A case. About a year ago. Murder. Unsolved."
And they fell silent and there it was again, that same tensioning eye contact they had made the day before and the greaser was so close and John could have so easily kissed him, but he resisted and he stood there, until he realized he was looking at Sherlock's lips and he told himself not to but he kept doing it and he couldn't stop it.
He sighed and walked past Sherlock, who was reading with that focused face he managed to make, which seemed to get him lost from this world, lost from reality. Something only Sherlock managed to do. And John felt like somehow he knew him, but he didn't. There were so many layers of Sherlock. So many things he hid, so many things he went through, so many things he never told anyone about. Why would John make the difference? Why did John think he even had the chance to make the difference? Silly little John.
John softly nestled his hair on his fingers. Sherlock looked up. The sensations were giving way to a desperate fear. Not yet. He didn't want this to end yet.
As soon as he hung up, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I told you I wasn’t hungry, you shouldn’t have asked for two.”
Sherlock flinched involuntarily at the mention of John's name. "What?", he asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
"I really don't see it possible any other day. So I think you'll have to miss a day of your precious club."
He had hidden them on John's bedroom -for it would always be John's bedroom- as soon as he had arrived back to Baker Street. It had been painful enough having to face that empty room once, Sherlock couldn't imagine how difficult it'd be to cross it again. That was why he had decided placing them there.
The only thing he was attached to were his paintings, and even those he had to let go, whenever he sold them. He had to stop those stupid feelings for John, and learn how to let him go, it would make everything more bearable.
It was simple: people were good at some things, people were bad at some things. No matter how much they tried, that would never change. They could only become better at what they’re good at, but very very rarely they could become good at something they were bad for. As if it was innate, you were born and even before you took your first breath you were already good at maths or good at learning languages and that was it.
Sherlock frowned and didn't say a word. "... Good. I'll take that as a yes. Goodbye." He turned and walked off.
Irene took the driver's seat without asking Sherlock. She just turned to look at him and said, "Where to?"
This caught Greg by surprise, but he stood up immediately and aimed for the door, but turned back, shutting his eyes closed. "I lied."
"We've met before!" Sherlock almost shouted, hoping John would just shut up because he was starting to feel guilty. He hoped the well-timed cyclist wouldn't have done a lot of damage, but apparently it had been even worse. Witnessing a suicide and then having surgery? Oh, John.
“So, it was nice meeting you, Mr. Holmes. Great portrait Mike did of you back there”, he said nonchalantly, offering his hand for Sherlock to shake it.
"I was perfectly okay with being a nerd and worrying only about classes and it didn't seem to bother anyone until you came and threatened me and made my life a mess! And now everyone thinks they can mess with me and kick my ass. And it's all because of you. So don't pretend to care. Because this is all on you." John had to let it out, but it was too painful.
He hated that new high school, he hated his... Friends and he hated taking the bus. That gang he was spending time with was starting to get annoying, and he missed being alone. Now he couldn't be by his own a minute without a girl coming to talk to him or one of the boys talking about the dolls he bang. It was all so dull.
He looked around and tried to deduce. He tried to find the smell of John's shampoo and that particular scent of tea and home that was so undeniably his around the room, but it was impossible because it all smelled like disinfectant and ethylic alcohol, a stench so strong that it would kill all of what was left of John's smell.
He slowly walked towards the body while John kept talking about the victim and picked up a strand of her hair, just enough to see the back of her neck.
John frowned and stayed confused, sitting on the car. The way Sherlock said it, it was like he meant it, but what if his sister was in danger? what was this place anyway? he shook his head, took deep breaths and told himself that if in five minutes Sherlock wasn't leaving, he'd look for him.
It was a paradox. John was the same man who'd come back from Afghanistan, broken and lonely and desperate, looking for danger, craving it. He was the same doctor, the same soldier who had met Sherlock years ago and changed his life forever.
"Because you should never eat breakfast alone on Christmas Eve!". John said with a grin and Sherlock couldn't help but smile too.
hesitated before replying. "Good night, Mr. Watson. My name is Sherlock Holmes." He said extending his right hand.
Melissa's face brightened up but then her smile faded. "Please tell me you're not thinking about... Not again."
"No. I never could have predicted you'd appear. They stood silent for a moment, in a quietness so grand that a leaf falling to the ground would sound like a drum pounding. "-It was my way of manipulating myself into oblivion."
In every universe. In any moment. In any time setting. Under any circumstances. He'd love John Watson.
"Come on John..." Sherlock said lifting his left hand and reaching it to touch John's neck. The boy froze at the touch and stood silent. "...you need to live a little more."
It was 6:30 in the morning when the text woke Sherlock up. He opened his eyes and blearily read the text from Lestrade.
Sherlock shrugged, feeling endlessly thankful to Lestrade for the change of topic. "That won't be necessary, her intentions are quite clear to me now. Keep me informed of what the court decides on her sentence. I'm placing my bet on 70 years."
He looked at himself in the mirror again and looked at his left eye. It was slightly, just slightly smaller than the right one, and it had the same shape, but no matter how much John tried he simply couldn’t achieve what he had done, what
He was waiting patiently for John, but John didn't show up, which somehow made sense, since he was the one who had told him to back off and leave him alone. Which was the most rational answer. Which meant he should be happy with it. But he wasn't. He was feeling miserable. And he hated that.
John could tell as he stood in front of a Bristol board -he had just bought one- and as he took a 4H pencil -yes, he had bought that one as well- and he tried to draw the other eye, which had been the homework Sherlock had left him.
"Of course! Who doesn't?" He replied with a smile. Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked towards the stairs.
Harry laughed, and then did a weird expression, as if her head was about to explode. Then her expression turned more serious. "Oh my god. John, what happened?"
John moved a bit more this time and mumbled something Sherlock couldn't understand. Sherlock giggled. "John, come on, I'll take you to a bed."
John felt a bit disappointed, but not completely surprised, he would have been surprised if Sherlock would have said yes. "Come on, give yourself a day off, you've been working hard enough!"
The painting depicted a couple of houses and some mountains in the back. That was it. Sherlock looked at it for a moment and then turned to look at John with a disappointed expression in his face. “Is that it?”
"Harry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, I'm so sorry, please, forgive me. I was just angry and I was feeling emotional because of Sherlock, but you are the best sister. Please, forgive me."
John shook his head. "Yes, it's just that I didn't expect you to live in...here." He said as he casted an eye all over the house.
Sherlock was clearly having a hard time saying those words, anyway, it wasn't something John heard very often coming from him. Again, how was he supposed to answer to that?
Melissa's eyes narrowed. "You're lying to me. I can't cooperate if you're tricking me to do it so. Do you seriously think that if you were suspecting of the clinic's legality Sherlock Holmes would be here?"
John tried to sound calm. He turned to look at somewhere else, he couldn't stand looking at Sherlock, not now. "What are you doing here?"
From nothing! Stop using that as an excuse, you know that what you did was wrong, you think you can fix everything just by saying you're sorry! Well, guess what? Apologizing won't bring me back those two years of my life spent grieving your loss! Thinking about why you did it, visiting your grave, reading on the newspapers all the trash talk that they said about you! Going to therapy!". He instantly realized of what he just said and stopped talking.
"Woah, woah, careful there, mate", Greg whispered as he held him by the shoulders and helped him stand up. "John, you've got to stay strong."
He woke up startled, he didn't know. It all seemed so real, so completely real. Yet most of his dreams managed to bring that kind of reality and that didn't mean they had happened at all.
John stood up immediately and walked towards the teacher, who fixed his eyes on him and frowned. "Any problem, Watson?"
John laughed, taking his glasses off and cleaning them with his sweater. "Can we please behave like normal people,
John planted kisses along Sherlock’s jaw, soft, feather-like kisses which sent shivers down Sherlock’s spine.
But probably what frustrated John the most was the fact that the crime scene proved John that he simply couldn't pursue a career as a doctor, because he would suck at it. Seeing blood and wounds left him shocked and feeling sick. How was he supposed to be a good doctor if seeing an injured human body made him feel like he was about to faint?
"About what? There is absolutely nothing to talk about!" John said, completely confused, his voice coming in a louder voice tone than he intended to.
John leaned closer, not taking his eyes off Sherlock's and didn't say another word. He placed a kiss in Sherlock's forehead and stood there for a moment, his eyes closed. "I think that's adorable."
"I need you to send me each and every single one of your client's records", Lestrade turned to look at him, unable to school his expression of surprise.
It was 1 p.m and John and Harry were still feeling pretty bad. They looked terrible, too. They were playing cards without much talking, John was still wondering where Sherlock might be, but he tried not thinking about it, because he couldn't stop wondering what he had possibly said. He heard a noise downstairs and thought he was back. He felt incredibly nervous and anxious, he was dying to talk to him. It was most definitely Sherlock.
“I’m glad you did. That means you’re enjoying them”, Sherlock replied, trying not to convey the surprise at John’s statement.
John nodded. “Panic attacks are not an easy thing to handle”, he replied seriously before walking away.
Hawthorne stood up, clearly feeling a bit uncomfortable, not knowing what to do now. “Fine. That’ll work. We keep all of our patient's records, just in case. It’s part of our politics.”
He walked over the huge cracks on the floor, right in the middle of the gallery. They were mended, but the scars were still there. He looked down and wondered how on earth a crack on the floor could ever be considered a work of art.
John felt terrified and while he stood there, he felt every single fact he had gathered from every biology and medicine book he read had slipped off his brain. He sighed and leaned forward to look at the woman. There was something wrong. Something didn't fit.
John actually smiled weakly. "I'm sorry", he didn't even know what he was apologizing for but he suddenly felt the need to say it.
That's why he was wanting so desperately for it to be Monday already, so he could see Sherlock again and convince himself that there was absolutely nothing between them and that nothing would ever happen,
Sherlock sighed noisily and sat back in his chair. "No reason... I just wanted to take some fresh air, that was all. But sure, I'll stay." -He said as he sat back, John smiled.
“Sherlock, he does not hate you. I know because if he did he wouldn’t be living with you,” She smirked.
John’s mobile buzzed for the third time and frankly Mycroft was getting annoyed with it, “Are you going to answer that?!”
. How could you smile at a time like this? “You look like shite. Let me buy you a drink and you can tell me all of your problems.” The voice sung.
Sherlock recognized the voice instantly, DI Garrett. He turned around quickly and ran into his arms, hugging him. He had only met the man once, but he needed comfort right now.
Hours passed and it seemed that John wasn’t making any progress. He sighed, stood up, and then walked to the door. He had just placed his hand on the door knob when he heard a soft groaning sound.
“On the day of your funeral I was so angry with you... I–“ John choked on a sob and squeezed his eyes shut trying to regain himself. “I threw the locket somewhere... and I regret it so much... sometimes my hand will go up to my chest so I can wrap my fingers around it and then I realise it’s not there... and even after a whole year, I still do it. It hurts so badly and I hate you so much, but I just want you back and I would give anything for that...” He sniffled and wiped his eyes harshly. He didn’t like crying and he especially didn’t like crying in public. John sat there staring at the headstone for a very long time before he heard footsteps running towards him.
The reply was almost instant. The mystery man told him to meet him at the pool where little Carl died at midnight. Simple enough... He did have his doubts that John would come home while he was gone... Though, if that happened he would probably just assume he was in his room sulking. He slipped his coat on and then grabbed the memory stick. He took a deep breath and with one last moment of thought went upstairs to grab John's gun. He hummed and made sure it was loaded, and then left the flat.
“Minor gunshot wound. Mycroft will be here in a minute.” He gasped and squeezed his eyes shut. He actually was pretty positive he wasn’t going to make it before Mycroft even got there.
I AM SO SORRY FOR NOT HAVING A CHAPTER UP LAST WEEK!!!! But my computer was broken and it was angry making and it's still sort of broken, BUT!! it's better than it was!! HURRAH!!!
also i got a new job... at........ walmart..... XD where i work nine hours five days a week! So i'm very busy, but im also trying to get these to you as quick as i can!! i hope you understand!!
John tried to nod, but gave up. “Yes! I had pond water!” He hummed. “But halfway through the bunny spilled my pond water and so he had to go up and get me a new one… but he was just so nice! He kept saying how sorry he was and—Cakeman… I’m sleepy. Can I go to sleep?” John yawned and closed his eyes. “Night.” He whispered.
Sherlock glared at the wall and huffed, “Yes, well, she’s requesting to go home because she doesn’t want to die in a hospital bed. There
“Still... She gets to be in the comfort of her home, if I was dying I’d rather die in my home, rather than a white walled room.” He paused and looked him over, “maybe we should go and live at your old house for a while...” John suggested softly.
Claire’s eyes widened as she realised what had just happened. She didn’t mean to snap at John like that, but she just hated this. She hated that Sherlock was doing this to John and she hated that John was hurting so much. She was trying to make it all better and instead she managed to make it worse, she knew if she didn’t act fast the consequences would be unfixable and she wouldn’t be able to forgive herself. Not only would she have lost a friend, but she would have let Sherlock down. She would have broken his heart and she knew it would only be a matter of time before he too took his own life, only this time it wouldn’t be pretend. God, she was a fucking idiot. She knew that he was just trying to get a rise out of her and it fucking worked. Jesus Christ she had failed everyone in all honesty, but there was still time to fix this.
“I don't really want your money, John Watson. I just want you to die.” Brain bit out, in a deadly calm voice that had an icy edge to it. The knife pressed harder against John's throat, blood dripping down his neck. John could feel the warm and sticky sensation, a feeling he knew well from being out on the battle field. As the knife plunged deeper into him John screwed his eyes up in pain, as his throat let the screams of agony escape.
John nodded as he continued to walk, pondering on what the fuck a consulting detective could possibly be. He then shook his head, finally giving up and just decided to ask. “What is that…?”
Sherlock grinned brightly and purchased the locket, “Now we cut off a piece of my hair!” He hummed and pulled out some scissors that he had brought with him. He handed them to John, “Here... you can do it.”
John stood next to Sherlock with his hands clasped behind his back. It was so formal. Mycroft, Lily Holmes, John, and Sherlock were all standing in a line waiting to greet Sherlock's dad… Lily must have arrived earlier that morning, or last night. He supposed they were a little preoccupied, he tried to swallow his snicker at the thought of it. Sherlock cast him a glare, telling him to stand there and behave with a neutral face, so John did his best to keep his mind blank. They stood there for about five minutes before the front door swung opened and a tall muscular man with slicked back hair and a three-piece suit entered the room. He looked at the line of people waiting by the door and gave a slight nod. “Family.” He hummed, but just the way he said it made John cringe on the inside… there was just something about him that made him feel ill and John couldn’t put his finger on it. Suddenly his piercing eyes were on John and he frowned. “And who’s this?”
anyway!! We get there and I'm like "Holy shit i should get one that says 'johnlock' on it...." so i said "Mom!!! Can i get one that says johnlock!!!" My parents are super homophobic... well not super... just a little bit but its still there, but luckily my dad was far away and couldn't hear and my mother has no idea what johnlock is.... still she said no and i fucking begged her!! and she said no so i gave up... but then the worker (She was like a girl who was around my age) came out from the glass and was like "Did you just say johnlock?? o.o" And i was like YES!!!!!! and she died and so then i was like I HAVE TO GET IT!!! so i convinced my mom FINALLY and i went up to the girl and was like "Should you carve a smiley face on it???" And shes like "I don't know -- oh!!! you're necklace! i can do that!!" I ALWAYS WEAR THIS NECKLACE OKAY??? but it says "A game is afoot -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle" and then at the bottom it has a silhouette of Sherlock with his hat and his pipe. SO I TOOK MY NECKLACE OFF AND GAVE IT TO HER AND SHE WROTE JOHNLOCK ON THE BRACELET AND DREW THE SILHOUETTE AND OH MY FUCK IT IS SO AMAZING!!! LIKE SO SO BEAUTIFUL!!!! and she took a picture of it after words because who the fuck wouldnt??? and damn i wish i got her name.... but yeah we bonded over johnlock so if she is reading this i love you and it is i! Whitney!
