“Come on, doll, time to act the part. I think I have spotted our contact.” Tony whispered in his ear when Steve had settled, a little reluctantly. He could feel Steve go alert against his chest, so he wrapped his arms around that lovely torso and said: “Ssshhh. Relax. You're just lying here with your husband, everything is hunky dory, you're not trying to spot any international terrorists, no sirree.” Steve leaned a little more weight against him as he relaxed back down.
"In this case," Tony thought he might as well add his two cents, "it's the overly simplified symbolism." Percival didn't get it, but Steve smiled at him, in a way that drove the morning chill right out of Tony's bones. Refusing to let that distract him, he continued. "So far, everything we've met that was black turned out to be evil and everything that was white has been good. Insultingly simplistic, really. As if we're too stupid to handle a little ambiguity. I wonder what would happen if we ever meet a hermit dressed in orange, or if they even make them in any color besides black and white? Heaven forbid we'd be asked to tax our feeble brains."
He brought his shield down with a resounding crash. A blood curdling shriek came from behind the stone, which now sported a small crack. Steve raised his shield again. Percival's grip on his sword became white knuckled. His forehead was clammy and Tony was surprised he hadn't bolted yet. He himself was staying way back, but not anywhere close to a wall, thank you.
“And the white one?” Tony gingerly touched Bruce’s head. It was wet and cold. His jaw moved but he made no sound.
Tony shooed Percival and Elaine out of the workshop too and then locked the door behind them. Elaine offered to make up rooms for the new guests and Steve suggested Percival stick with her while he caught up with Tony and they'd see each other in the morning. Percival was still confused, but for once Steve was grateful at how biddable he was.
“Very well, Master Stark. Will Master Rogers attend in any official function?”
“Really.” There was no belief or disbelief in Tony's voice. It was carefully neutral.
“Yeah, but that’s just Steve.”
He could tell the moment that Tony spotted him, because he stopped his prowling and straightened up, surprise evident in the armor's body language. And Steve's heart plummeted. Because Tony didn't fly up to meet him and Steve realized he hadn't been flying at all, while he should have all this time, and that was so utterly unlike Tony, who loved his aerial antics, that something had to be wrong. Very wrong.
"Except Howard Fucking Stark," Tony tossed out, suddenly unwilling to hide that shit.
"I did, for a bit. But then I assumed you were busy chatting with grandma and couldn't respond, and you'd just follow when you could. You know, like silent acknowledgment."
Steve's face went grim and then he produced a tight little smile.
Tony almost choked on his coffee before he realized she probably meant Bruce and Steve were her friends, not him. Whatever. Good for her. Bruce helpfully patted him on the back, then turned his attention to Steve.
“I will do it,” offered Bors without being asked. “I will catch up with you as soon as possible, Sir Percival. Just remain with Sir Stephen in the meantime.” Percival nodded gravely. Bors looked at Steve. He said nothing, but Steve knew what he meant. “Keep an eye on him.” He nodded in acknowledgment and then Bors and Gawaine left with their entourage. The hermit had vanished.
Tony turned his head toward her in surprise. She wasn’t meeting his eyes, so he turned it back to the canal.
But then Steve grinned at him and suddenly he looked ten times better than he did yesterday. And, aw, shit. Under the grime and the other signs of hard living Steve was obviously just a human being, like everyone else. One that needed a friend, like everyone else. As long as Tony didn’t have to try to fix him, he’d be alright.
Shame washed over him even as his mouth watered and his dick twitched. What the hell? That was no way to cast the virginal, law abiding symbol of freedom and the American Way (who was disturbingly nice and kind to boot), in your more rapey fantasies. Tony felt he'd sullied him just thinking about it. Except that his dick apparently thought it was a swell idea.
“Uh… Brooklyn.”
He had a point.
. To fuck up. Into him. His hands snake out, aiming for Tony's hips, to pull him down, to impale him even more on Steve's dick, but Tony grabs his wrists.
"Yeah?" Tony pulled himself out of his visions of technical nirvana to throw Steve a questioning look. "So...?" Steve looked back with a slight frown. "Oh! You morally object to electrocuting minors! Of course. Yes. My bad. But I think we can safely assume that Hydra won't send any children after us, right? And
Steve nodded tersely. "And your phone?" he asked.
Steve nodded grimly. "Just do me a favor, Tony. Stay out of the way. You don't have mail and no weapons and you're not healthy and I can't focus if I am worried that thing is going to have you for breakfast."
Clint winced. "Shit, you're old, Stark. But you're making my point beautifully." He pointed at Tony, Natasha and himself. "You, her, me: We know nothing about how to make this holiday meaningful. Him..." he pointed at Steve, who was wearing a sad little smile that Tony really hoped wasn't for him personally, "Out of date as he is, his soul isn't as jaded as ours. So we're doing this Steve's way. Which means that Nat and I are going to get decorations and baking supplies and you and Steve are getting a tree." He turned to Natasha. "Let's go. You got the list, babe?"
“Yeah, you are, and you’re really damned good at certain types of magic, but deep down… Deep in your bones, do you believe that Cinderella’s Fairy Godmother turned a pumpkin into a carriage and mice into horses?”
Relief rushed through him. He grinned wider than he'd had in six months and slapped Percival on the back. “We are going to confront this demon king, Sir Percival. We ride at dawn!”
"No, Mr Stark,
She looked at him with derision. “Lord Stark, that describes half the knights I've known. The other half are big and dark and strong. And that name does not sound familiar.”
Ohooo! That was a blush. It was obvious, even with Steve's cheeks already pink from the cold.
Good. Call him self-centered, but Tony was glad he wasn’t the only one not feeling it. Of course, Steve’s unhappiness could be totally unrelated to Tony, but the way he had tensed up at those questions said otherwise. He might be pissed at Tony, that was also an option, but one that Tony chose to ignore. As long as he was fucking dying, he was going to assume Steve missed him, just because he could and it made him feel better.
? He spun around.
"Just take the spot, Tony."
"You ready?"
So this chapter is un-beta'd, because it's been 2 years and I don't think my betas even remember this story.
“Actually, he had me download Patsy Cline for him,” offered Sam. “He was pining with a soundtrack.”
“Do not hold me down,” he says, deadly serious all of a sudden. “Not right now. It's... I'm just trying. Just. Just don't.”
Steve made an exasperated little noise in the back of his throat and the next moment they were kissing. It started as a 'shut the fuck up, please' kiss, with too much pressure that implied punishment rather than passion. It was equal parts anger and and equal parts 'thank fuck you didn't die' and Tony knew in his bones that if he let it be that way, if Steve broke the kiss before Tony could convince him that that wasn't all it was, then this would be all they would ever have. Then Steve would pull back and shutter his face and then they would be even less than friends from then on. And that was so not on.
"Tony, what are you--"
Bringing the scrap to his nose, he inhaled deeply of the musky scent trapped in the fabric.
He hunched in and rode her hard, breathing heavy over the back of her neck, and driving them higher. The new angle set Starla writhing and jolting like she’d been hit with an electrical shock, groaning loud and deep, and bucking back against him erratically in frantic response.
He wanted to reciprocate, but it had been so many years of suppressing his feelings for Steve, all the things he'd never known how to say, and never fathomed would be welcome. He wanted to proclaim his feelings in return, but their current straits, this double-edged sword of duty and duress -- it was nothing like everything he'd ever longed for, and that gulf would render any declaration a half-truth, at most.
Steve gathered Tony closer and shook him playfully, with a growl. "I'll show you
," the man hummed appreciatively. "Nice and warm. Cozy."
From a door discreetly slotted into the far back corner to their right, a slender, white-haired and dark-suited gentleman emerged to an exuberant greeting. "Mr. Bassat!
And... magnetic? He couldn't help but grin. That was clever, and made him feel good.
After completing their guided tour, Mr. Bassat took his leave, with their thanks, to let them browse and deliberate.
Crumple.
“That’s right, you got me in you. Fingers first, make sure you got plenty of room in here.”
But the portrait the media painted, in garishly edited sight-and-sound-bites, wasn't the same one Steve did.
Steve knew Tony's body, of course he did; in detail, with the emphasis on "intimate." But then again, when they were naked together -- maybe it should have been embarrassing, how often their sex was too primal and urgent to bother with undressing fully, but he couldn't bring himself to feel any shame -- but even when every stitch was stripped off, they didn't spend a lot of time stopping to look. Not with their eyes, so much, unless you wanted to count "seeing" with their hands, lips, tongues, learning shapes like blind men. And so, that was his excuse for how easy it could be to forget how fit Tony was, damned disease notwithstanding; how broad, and how tight and trim, in all the rightful places. Lean and efficient, understated and often underestimated, especially outlined against Steve's emphatic bulk.
“Zero to six figures it is, then.”
"DUM-E, DUM-E, look, stay with me, ok? Well, not
There was his miracle. Lube and condom, had to be. He dropped them to the floor near his feet with barely a glance, just dying to know if “came ready” meant what he thought it just possibly might.
This chapter isn't a full stand-alone alternate version of the story, but picks up and diverges at a pretty obvious point. I didn't add an ending, but just assume it's headed in the same general direction as how things go post-dialogue in Chapter 1.
“Of course you are,” she agreed, with a mouth full of big, round, caramel-sugared vowels and sweet cream.
Tony pulled against his hold enough for Steve to let him go. He traded his grip for a two-handed clutch into his own hair, instead, as Tony dragged his reddened mouth up Steve's dick and took up the weight of the shaft in his fist, pumping him just this side of too tight. The friction sizzled along his spine and into his stomach.
The only ones left outside the blast radius had been the wedding couple.
, good hands.”
Slumping down heavily against the chair back, Tony waved a hand in a vague gesture indicating an end to the conversation, and absorbed this information. What had he done to make his eager, playful bot-child feel so insecure? He'd always teased him with affection for his foibles; DUM-E knew that -- didn't he? That no matter how Tony grumbled and joked, no Ivy League halls could ever be hallowed enough for his baby, never mind the mock-threatened city college? That if Tony had wanted a bot to work in a factory, he'd have designed one for an assembly line to begin with? And even beyond thoughts of tasks and applications, didn't DUM-E know that Tony--
"Wake up, old man," Tony barked out, and Steve's lids flew open, his lungs expelling a nearly silent gasp. "How do you like what you see now?"
a reason they call it the ‘seven-year itch,’ you know. Surely after so long, you could be pardoned for seeking some variety to spice things up.”
Tony probably had a million things to do as it was, and he'd spent the whole afternoon with Steve, and it had been so nice and companionable, and now Steve was ruining it with his unwarranted stroke of melancholy.
what you want. You call me a monster, but you come to me to see the monstrosities within yourself. You act like everything's changed so much between us, yet nothing's changed at all. You still need me to show you how to see yourself. Exactly the way it's always been, from the day we pulled you out of the ice."
They finished stripping with eyes that wavered between wounded and dead, that grazed and slithered away from one another like beads of mercury, tantalizing and toxic.
Meanwhile... why not. He'd indulge. He toed off his shoes and bent up one leg at a time to pull off his socks, balling them up and setting his footwear neatly to the side, before stepping onto the plush pile.
"We got this, right, Steve?""
It was sort of a click and sort of a thunk, and a tiny bit of a splash, and it caught Tony's attention, and then Steve caught Tony's eyes, and could tell from their round centers and narrowed corners that he knew Steve was up to something that'd be far from no good.
DUM-E craned his arm to close his claw lightly over the rim of the shield, gripping for a moment, then releasing it. "I'll take that as a yes," Steve told him, propping it so it leaned back at a slant, bottom edge on the platform, and top edge resting higher up against DUM-E's pedestal. "Thanks."
Scrubbing his face with his hands, Clint admitted, "Yeah. I guess it was pretty shitty."
"Not bad, huh, big guy?" Tony asked, the unstated "I told you so" conspiratorial rather than cutting.
Steve growled, his face flushed.
, Roger, dammit, fuck, oh god, I want you to go first, blow your load in me, shoot me up with your hot come, c’mon,
onsen
“I took this off in the bathroom. Thought you might like to take it home, maybe give it to your wife.
Blurrily, he realized that Steve had no way of following the rail-switches of his thoughts, but it didn't matter. The disappointment, the reproach, the resignation, all etched an extra layer over the grime and exhaustion already smearing the geometry of his features.
"It's ok, DUM-E, c'mon over--" Steve encouraged, at the same time Tony jumped in to explain.
“The upstairs lounge -- private party,” Steve heard her say to the host in a commanding tone that cut through the general hubbub, appropriating the man’s hand at a particular angle that indicated the passing of a tip.
How dispirited his (once? still? he hoped) lover had looked, combing fingers through his hair and working loose his collar and tie, with slowness in his step and dullness in his eyes, and Steve had pushed a plate of Jarvis’s dinner leftovers at him in payment for, “I really need to talk to you.”
"Perhaps some fresh air would help Sir clear his mind," J.A.R.V.I.S. supplied innocently. Devious little shit. But given the fact that Tony hadn't been outside in over a week, he might actually have a point. Going outside didn't mean going skating or anything, right? Lots of people went outside every day and did not end up skating.
If you considered 'knowing' to be the equivalent of 'thinking someone was fictional up until 5 seconds ago', then sure. "Not really. Just rumors. Where is Camelot? I think I need to invite this particular group of knights personally."
"Do I?" Steve felt small and uncertain, needing her to spell it out for him.
"J.A.R.V.I.S.? Why am I smelling cookies?"
Pepper's heels on the tile floor of Stark Tower did an excellent job of letting Tony know just how angry she was. Tony wished he could mimic the staccato aggression with his crutches, but the rubber anti-slip booties it had on the end of the sticks thwarted that. And they hadn't even given him a walking cast yet, so he couldn't get aggressive with that either. Apparently the doctors were afraid that the serpent slime could still turn gangrenous or something and they wanted free access to the leg, so no cast for Tony, just some brace type thing.
“I thought I'd heard you retired, though, and had destroyed the armor last year?” Steve inquired.
He found the hooked pole that he needed fairly quickly and then he stood on the altar to lower down the sanctuary lamp. He was fairly sure this would be added to his already not insignificant collection of sins, but he was already on the naughty list anyway. The lamp had a solid weight that promised excellent aerial velocity but it was very hot to the touch. So he left in on the hook of the pole and swung it slowly back and forth a few times to get a feel for it. It was a little bit like lacrosse, which he had played for about a nano second in one of his boarding schools. Where was Clint where you needed him, huh? Useless ass. Tony was a good shot with the repulsors, but actual ballistics he did better in theory than practice. The math of flying objects was lovely and elegant, if a bit simple for his tastes, but he was likely to only get one shot at this. When he felt reasonably sure he could do it, he yelled out.
Tony looked at him. He couldn't put his finger on what was odd about this conversation, exactly, but it did feel unusual. Maybe it was the casual way Steve had shared something from his pre-ice days without it being used in an argument. Maybe it was his own realization that Steve was much more adaptable to this time than Tony would ever be and Tony didn't even feel any resentment or irritation. Just accepted it as the natural state of things. Maybe it was the general lack of snarkiness in the exchange. As if they were conversing like friends.
In the end, Steve did it for him.
"Jesus Christ, Tony! And they let you out with the Avengers? Do you even know the basics of operating as a team? You can't
"Figures that you're the girl in this relationship, you giant poof."
"Sit down, Stark."
Of course Steve was a vanilla kind of guy. Tony had tried to convince him that Del would totally have opted for the pomegranate green tea smoothie with hemp protein, but Steve had looked so disappointed that Tony had ordered him the largest vanilla cone they had, instead. Although he had the girl put the boring ice cream into a waffle cone dipped in chocolate and rainbow sprinkles. One had to stay in character, after all. They wandered the deck for an hour or more, long after the ice cream was gone. Tony checked in with JARVIS who reported that he had checked arrest records of most Middle Eastern countries, but had not had any luck so far finding any matches for the guy they'd seen at the pool. Disappointing, but hardly unexpected.
“Very well, Master Stark.” The house elf popped out of the painting.
"Hold on, Tony. We're almost there. Don't you dare die on me now."
"But we're the same person..."
"We can't. It's not even midnight yet. Nothing is likely to happen before midnight." Steve slung an arm around Tony's shoulder and pulled him in, like he was trying to keep him in place. As if Tony was going anywhere.
He almost missed the soft knock on the cellar doors when it came. Heart leaping into his throat, he forced himself to keep a straight face while he calmly pushed the door open. It was a lost cause though when he looked up into Steve's grinning mug. His features were outlined oddly by the cellar light hitting him from below as he was squatting by the cellar doors, elbows loosely resting on his knees and Tony couldn't help but grin back. He started scrambling up the ramp and Steve stuck out his hand and Tony grabbed it. He was hoisted up with a powerful pull, as Steve rose to his feet and they ended up standing close. Very close. Steve's hand was callused and warm, despite the night time chill. He didn't smell so good, but his hair was less greasy, so he must have washed at some point. That was more than Tony had expected. It abated his anxiety somewhat, but he was still very relieved at seeing him again.
“It's part of our itinerary on this ridiculous ship and a likely place to meet our contact. And not a likely place to be murdered, I might add. We can't skip it, Steve. It's not for another two days, and it's a class, we're supposed to be learning it,” Stark insisted.
Tony considered answering ‘who?’ but decided he couldn’t be bothered to pretend he didn’t know who she was talking about.
"Oh man! These are awesome!" Sam exclaimed. He slapped a scowling Clint on the back. "Good job averting a Hulk crisis, my man. Worth a cookie, I'm sure."
Tony wasn't even pissed. Something was horribly wrong with him, obviously, because getting dragged into pointless shit like this was an excellent reason to be pissed. But when Steve slung an arm around his shoulder and started steering him away, yammering about where the best tree lots were, Tony was remarkably fine with it. And even with life in general.
Steve laughed. The bastard.
"Thank you, Sir Stephen," she said softly. "Thank you for asking the question that will allow the Grail to heal the king and heal the land."
“Because the guys I suck off for money in dirty back alleys think a beard makes me look too old, that’s why.”
He held a door open for Steve that looked like delicately spun glass. Steve made sure not to leave any marks on it.
Natasha raised an eyebrow as she followed him.
“All bikes are girls, Steve. Just like ships.”
Tony makes a face.
“Just rest your hands on the back of my chair and lean over my shoulder a bit as if you're trying to read the screen. Everybody will be too preoccupied with your ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio to see what I am doing. If you stick your ass back a bit we may even get some free drinks out of this.” The leaning and looming wasn't that hard, and if Stark hadn't mentioned his ass, maybe he'd have been totally unselfconscious about pushing it back. But now he was hyper aware of the way his pants -capris- whatever, pulled down a bit when he leaned forward. Was the tattoo showing? 'Tramp stamp' Stark had called it. Steve wasn't sure whether that meant any tattoo, any tattoo above your ass crack, or compass rose tattoos above your ass crack in particular. By the time Steve managed to pull his attention away from his ass and how to prevent it from being on display while still leaning forward, Stark had dismantled part of the computer and hooked up something that looked like one of those pocket phones.
Steve gasped.
Tony gently pushed Tasha aside, after she had come running to attack his shoelaces. Clint was staring at him from his perch on the loft bed and Thor was asleep on the radiator, of course. He went back out the door. Steve followed him in the robe in two minutes flat and Tony led him through the kitchen where Clint was chopping petulantly and Natasha was pouring milk in a small pot, and down the hall to the shared bathroom. They had a shower stall and two sinks and an old washing machine in the room. Thor was unloading his load of laundry when they came in. He showed Steve the shower and told him to use anything that was marked with TS in sharpie (and under no circumstances to touch any bottles that were labeled NR, on the pain of death) and then waited until the robe and towel were flung over the door and the water turned on. He was about to leave when Thor spoke.
"No, you fucker. You knew about Steve."
And then crush it to pieces.
“Has Steve stopped apologizing yet?” Tony broke the standoff.
When the commotion had died down Arthur asked who else was volunteering to go. Steve kept his mouth shut. Demons were nasty and while he kind of felt he should participate in ridding the world of one, holy cup or no holy cup, he'd just gotten back and he wanted a bath and a bed and a bit of a break. If these men couldn't manage the job, he could always go later. Two more young (and significantly more virtuous) knights volunteered. Bors was short and stout and had an annoying tendency to see everything in shades of black and white with nothing in between, ever, and Percival was tall and lean and surprisingly strong. Steve hadn't figured out yet if he was stupid or just ignorant. He was about to take his leave and go find that bath when Percival started to address the the other Grail Knights who had gathered in a cluster to make plans.
“I.... Yeah.... Sorry. Old habits. It's going to be a little difficult to make the switch.”
“What’s the second number?”
"Because you need one for the charity thing tomorrow." Tony wasn't even bothering to look up.
“You’re right,” Tony said, obviously not talking to Steve, “Rogers will do very well. Get those soft tissue adjustment equations to me when you have them, okay?” He flicked his wand at the mirror and it went dark, but not before Steve could see Bruce roll his eyes behind Tony’s back. He held up his hands defensively as Tony stalked closer, somehow gazing somewhere inside Steve rather than at Steve.
"I don't really know. But I figure you can't go wrong with a welcome of some sort."
"You yelled at me this morning at the catacombs."
She lifted a perfectly arched eyebrow. "Really."
"I am.... not sure?"
So anyway, that was why he was currently leaning over the railing of a gunmetal grey rustbucket, with a frozen bottle of vodka, watching his breath crystalize in front of his face and occasionally removing clumps of ice from his beard. He tried closing his eyes and pretending he was on a cruise ship in the Bahamas, but the biting wind on the exposed parts of his face was getting in the way.
“Tony's not happy with the visitation schedule,” said Pepper blandly.
"How is this possible? How can he possibly hate me more than he likes you two? This is ridiculous!" He swung towards Loki, who was outright laughing now. "How can he possibly hate me more than he hates you, you sniveling twat!?"
"So anyway. My next guess would be that we need to find the thing that can take us back. I considered a portal, but since that is not how I got here, I don't think it'd be the way out. The law of simplicity says it'd be that blue sphere that Loki used."
“I’d be much obliged if you two could manage to be civil to one another and set a good example for the young ones these three weeks,” McGonagall admonished primly and Steve had no choice but to mutter acquiescence and take his seat.
She bowed her forehead into one hand. When she looked up, she had her inscrutable mask back in place. “Such a gentleman. But no, thank you, Roger. I’ll be fine. Don’t forget, I’m richer than god. I could walk out of here butt naked, and by tomorrow, bare-ass dining would be the nobody-if-you’re-not-doing-it new trend and they’d be cleaning skid marks off the seats.”
He aborted his bite. “Yeah, honey, that’s me.”
"To Extremis." From his lofty height, Tony elevated his glass in a smug, solitary toast.
Steve choked off a harsh tone that gritted out from chest-deep. Reflexively, his hands curled, around the knob of Tony's wrist, and cupping the oval of his skull, through hair plastered to his scalp, the layers that wrapped this casing of bone that Tony risked cracking open with every headlong flight into combat.
Walking up to the library's doorway, he found Tony Stark pacing and muttering, scowling and lecturing the air with a roving hand, his eyes cast down in contemplation of the dark hardwood.
Speaking of stretching… He held her open from the left, thumb hooking deep into her crease; folded all but his first two right fingers, and circled them around her rim, finding it soft and giving and dragging open when he pulled the pads down across. A barely adjusted angle had the middle one pressing right in, and her hole took it down to the last knuckle in a loose, careless slide, no resistance at all.
Tony had been right about him hating it. This style of decor was the very worst of all that was post-modern, in Steve’s estimation, and not only because it made him feel like the temperature had dropped ten degrees. So much glass and reflectivity, ironically, played havoc with clear lines of sight; seeing six of everything surrounding him like one of Enchantress’s illusions was worse than a boxed-in maze of blind corners and dead ends.
"You see me? Good," Steve rasped. It pleased Tony, how well-used he sounded. "You're a dead man, Stark, you hear? I'm taking you down."
Tony's shirt had been in tatters from the brawl when they'd been taken, and he didn't need his sight to let its remnants fall to the floor, to toe off his shoes and socks, and to drop his slacks and briefs. He took refuge in the false privacy, hearing rustles that he gathered to be Steve going through the same undressing routine.
she was. He spread her open and got his first peek at her shiny pink hole, glistening with abundant lube, and more shiny streaks where he’d just slopped it around.
" Tony growled out his frustration with himself, wishing he could take a repulsor to whomever had invented emotions and packaged them with no instruction manual included in the box.
"Remember how we used to talk, Steve, how we'd hope and plan? That dream of growing old together?" He manifested an extension of the armor in front of them, a shimmering plate of silver showing their heads pressed close, a distorted reflection of a distorted reflection. "How's that happy ending looking now, hmmm?"
He tuned back in to the Iron Sight network. Down at street level and a block away, he watched Steve break the seal and drink deeply.
Fabric shimmering from deep crimson to nearly black in the play of light, her dress fit tight to the waist, then flared out to below the knee, an hourglass made of two divergent Vs with barely a curve in sight.
"Tony, I gotta..." It came out rusty, and he finished the sentence by sucking air through his nose and expelling it in a noisy gust, stopping himself before he messed this up.
Oh. So Steve wouldn't have to see his rejection through the act. That was fair. He nodded curtly, and Steve stepped to his shoulder, nudged him around, and lowered the makeshift blindfold in front of his face, settling it from brow to bridge of his nose. Behind Tony's head he tied it snug enough to be secure, but not so tight as to bind.
" check (
,” she gasped out
Orchestra, percussion, and chorus. Tony was a man of culture, and he did enjoy a night at the symphony.
"Yeah." Clint finally had the decency to look abashed, his gaze flicking back and forth between the two of them. "We all thought you were-- it was-- a sure thing."
Now he had his submerged, throbbing erection, Tony's sweat-tufted hair and tripping pulse, and the tiny finger motions still playing against his right thigh, all timed against his own heartbeat. An unrealized band around his lungs loosened, and he sank into the cradle of the couch, of Tony's mouth, of the close wet heat blanketing his extremities, of the fluttering, staggered rhythms drawing diagrams in the blankness of his mind. They were ciphers he could nearly decode, patterns and cycles he could almost predict, but they would never quite repeat, a series of soft resets that held Steve suspended between endless intervals and gentle reminders of elapsing time.
She broke her attention away only for long enough to signal the bartender out of his near-camouflage once more. “Put these on my tab, please,” she instructed, with a flick of her hand toward their untouched drinks.
“Hey, hot stuff,” Starla called to him, velvet-smoky-sweet, and he should have known right there that something monstrous was afoot.
"They were there because of
Then she grinned at Roger, all hood and wolf. ”I have the private lounge reserved. Let's find out what kind of funding you can
"Whatever, Stark, just don't make me deal it out, and you'll never have to know. Now shut up and open wide, commercial's over."
He gave her a little salute as he tucked the panties into a trouser pocket.
"I'm enjoying myself. Maybe in a minute."
She barely let him catch his breath before she wanted more. “Oh, god,
He had the feeling that this time, Steve wasn't trying to make him unshoulder his guilt, but to shoulder his own way into it beside him. He couldn't allow that. The idea was intolerable. This wasn't a load that was halved in the sharing; the furthest thing from it. Crippling enough, the knowledge that he'd brought this down upon them. He couldn't bear for it to reflect upon Steve. For any scrap of blame this caused Steve to take up, it only compounded the magnitude of Tony's own wrongdoing, his failure, even further.
"Let's just... we should get this over with," stated Tony, monotone.
Starting careful, Tony thought. Of course, Steve would be mindful of his strength. He'd speed up once he could tell Tony could take it.
Oh. Right. That was one of the words Tony had meant and hadn't quite been able to get to. He crept closer again, not wanting to intrude, but also feeling a stretchy-pulling in his chest at not being a part of this, and he was mostly, like, 1000% and quintuple-redundant diagnostics sure -- you couldn't be too careful, ok? -- that it wasn't the arc reactor acting up. Even though that would probably be easier to troubleshoot.
It wasn’t an hour ago he’d thought he might end up with just this kind of tiny trophy to take home. Finding her in no panties at all the very moment later had been hot as fuck, but now he also regretted not having seen what the single line of red would have looked like amidst the gold. Making this her parting gift -- it was almost like she’d read his mind. Well, he supposed it wasn’t all that unusual a kink.
Hooooly mother, what a woman. He’d never been so thankful that he was at liberty to accept her proposition.
A white-suited host had stepped forward, indicating the offer of service with a discreet tilt of his head.
Usually he'd have shifted positions a couple times by this point in his viewing, crossed and uncrossed his legs, gotten up for a piss or grabbed a snack, and if his dick took an interest in anything, stuck his hand down his pants and rubbed out a rough one to blunt whatever edge had the thunder rolling in his ears.
, yeah, would you, fuck, just get in and fuck me.”
"You know they were all there because of
They'd been silent since the search for survivors was called off. The flight home was accomplished mostly by JARVIS, via the suit's auto-pilot. The pressure sensors showed that Steve's hands were locked around the built-in grips as securely as ever, but rather than molding himself lovingly as usual against the contours of the metal, the hang of his weight bowed as decidedly far from his armored transport as he could hold himself and not fall out of the sky.
"Now, what
"I didn't... but I... just, it's my fault, Steve, can't you see that?"  He was wooden and weary, and he was begging.
He'd rather have been happy than right, but that wasn't a choice his life had ever handed him. And now he'd lost Steve everything, again. Their friends, their team, their... he doubled over and retched once, tasted bile, forced himself to straighten.
Steve looked thoughtful. "All right, thank you, Clint. I think we're done here."
!" Heat and lightning were crashing through his veins, driving him up toward a towering height. His dick throbbed and his whole body stretched and strained, and he was dangling over an abyss, held back by a thread he was so, so desperate to break.
The pound of his blood and the rasp of their breaths meshed and mixed with the ring of the water, hissing and sizzling in his ears, a white-noise percussion ensemble.
Cheek to cheek and nudged by each other's breaths, Tony's arms snug around him, and Steve's own hooked under so his palms could span the ridges of Tony's shoulder blades, he wanted this for both of them. Wanted to soak up all that bleakness and despair that lurked within and beneath and threatened to snuff the joy out of life. Wanted to overpower and dissolve and smother it away into all his lab-grown bulk that ought to be good for something besides fighting.
She smirked. “Happy Anniversary, dear.” She was just toying with him again, both snake and charmer.
Closer yet, and he noticed the one piece that appeared mismatched: a narrow gold herringbone chain that hung down past the choker, disappearing beneath her clothing.
Jesus, fuck, he’d heard of it, but never been with a woman who came that way.
“Nice to get out of those. I feel so much freer,” she said, her gaze roving over him in a way that seemed both suggestive and a suggestion. He acceded to the hint, taking his sweet time about removing his suit jacket, knowing the movement showed off some of his best features: without ending up oversized and baggy, there was no way his shirts could be cut generously enough to avoid a pucker at the middle buttons when he opened up his chest, and his sleeves always rounded out snugly across his biceps.
Maybe it was just knowing about that goddamn golf ball in there trying to eat Tony's life away, that made him seem a little more fragile. Or the uncommon sight of Tony's head bowed, the passivity of this whole thing.
When their curving paths reconverged, they went back inside.
DUM-E opened and closed his claw.
Unbelievable. There seemed to be no end, absolutely no limit, to her presumption. Steve had always admired confident women, but there were lines between confident, overly aggressive, and outright disrespectful, and in his book, she had crossed all of them. He shifted on his stool. The hot thrum of anger was beginning to steam him up, making him long for action, to cut loose and pound some pavement, or a punching bag.
--" Tony's erstwhile endearment was sharper-edged than usual. "--and you're
Tony smiled again, this time smaller and softer, more real, more wry. "No. It won't be me."
Generally speaking, Steve was also immensely sure-handed, but he had his clumsy moments, his fool fumbles. His enhanced reflexes just gave him a better chance at recovering, say, for example, catching something before it could hit the floor.
Hurt flashed across Tony's expressive eyes, dimming their sparkle, and, dammit, that wasn't what Steve was going for, not at all.
, he'd just call it
Or maybe that was just the effect of the accompanying exaggerated grin and contrived eyebrow waggling he chose to animate across his face. It elicited the surely intended chuckle from Steve, and then Tony lapsed into laughter with him, letting the slapstick slide away into a natural and unguarded smile.
Tony was down, outside himself.
to you also, Mister Stark," he said, with a slight emphasis on the foreign phrase that sounded like he could be making a correction without quite pointing it out.
Sinking to a squat with one bent knee up and one to the shower floor, he closed his eyes. This was all by feel, the fill of his mouth with blunt flesh, the steadying of Tony's fingers at his scalp, and the water running down at a pace that, in this, was matched to them both.
Butterfingers poked at the shield, still sitting on DUM-E's base, and DUM-E vocalized enthusiastically.
"I know you will, DUM-E. Thank you, JARVIS. I'm sorry I didn't say hi. That was rude."
Steve dropped back to Tony's shoulder, assuming that their actual business could begin now. He still had no idea what they were here for, or what he was to help Tony pick out.
, though his arousal was a roaring beast caged inside his skin, and he felt drawn scar-tissue tight, and his cock was white-hot from Tony's firepit of a mouth, blazing and burning for release.
"What, no words for the poor, downtrodden masses, my city full of hapless pawns? So selfish. I'm impressed." Tony bared his teeth in a wide, sparkling leer.
"Leave it, Clint," Steve said, wearily.
"How the hell did you find out about--" Tony snapped his mouth shut and dropped into the nearest chair, bracing his hands on his knees.
He stared at her, bent over on the chair frame, just waiting for his cock. His cock that she wanted bare, wanted with nothing between them, wanted to be filled with his come, to walk away from here with it leaking from her fucked-out hole, even more obscene than how she’d walked in leaking lube.
He’d felt off-balance around this woman from the beginning, but that had just intensified a hundredfold, and he couldn’t for the life of him place why he was reacting this way to the unwanted touch of an overfamiliar stranger.
Clint was sitting at the end of one couch, leaning with his elbow on its arm. "Thanks for coming, Tony," he greeted. "Haven't seen much of you guys since the, uh, aliens brought you back from the, uh, thing, the other day, and we, the rest of us, wanted to check in with you."
With a not-quite-smooth press of past-five-o’clock cheeks and a whisk-brush of mustache, they’d swayed, in a rhythm out of sync with the thump of their hearts, in small ongoing movements. They’d made no excuses to stay close and soak up the structural solids of hands to broad backs, ribs, and spines, laced together in comforting dovetails, flush-fit tongues and grooves sliding easy when mouths finally joined, lapped, aligned.
“What was that? High-priced stud like you, I’m sure you know as well as I do how to keep yourself nice and... clean.  And no babies to be made in my asshole any more than yours.”
Not what Steve said, but the sweetness in it, told Tony this was more than something now and new. It was the worst possible time and means to have it revealed.
“You ever go bareback?”
The pull-y chesty feeling maybe moved up to his eyes, a little.
With a cursory smoothing of her skirt, she folded herself onto the stool next to his, lifting a careless hand to beckon to the bartender. “Bring him another, and I’ll have… what’re you drinking, there, Buffy?”
He swallowed again, salivating like a damned Pavlov dog. Gave himself a shake like one, and remembered the trick of speaking, if half an octave lower than normal.
(...it was warm and wet, but outside of the inherent sex-appeal of it being
Steve looked over his shoulder at Tony, seeming not at all surprised to see him so near, which in turn didn't at all surprise Tony, since Steve had almost certainly heard his approach.
“Ma’am.” She chuckled, full and hearty. “I haven’t heard that one in… longer than your seven years, not from anyone who wasn’t getting paid to say it, anyway. Well, I suppose you’ve made yourself clear enough. My congratulations, my apologies, and my loss. You’re absolutely certain I can’t tempt you into just one little taste?”
“Lead the way, Ms.-- Starla.”
He'd minimized the lie by asking Thor for a spar after all; let his muscles lead and his reflexes parry, while his mind had mulled and unmuddled itself.
"No, that's right. I aim, every time. One throw to hit one target is way better than ten throws to hit nothing. Make sense?"
A rasp to Steve's breathing, deep in his chest, was the only suggestion of urgency, as his hips pistoned steadily, and Tony's dick throbbed, untouched.
Rising heat flared through him in a sizzling, full-body flush.
It didn't take long till they were meeting halfway, their combined movement sliding Steve's dick all the way home to the back of Tony's mouth at every stroke. Their entire motion slowed as it lengthened, becoming a deep, heavy fuck. Tony's lips stayed sealed in a tight ring along Steve's shaft, making the most of every inch, and humming out his urgings in a constant stream of rising inflections.
He’d noted no objections, there, to a little spooning.
He ached, he prickled, his throat was stuck to itself, his stomach a sinkhole, his head spinning with white noise and a black pit.
Tony shook his head, the corners of his mouth downturned with regret. "Ah, I'm afraid not. I know you would weave me a masterpiece, my friend, but for now, could I see what you have already made?"
Hot and cold rushes darted feverishly up and down his frame, sensitizing random points, and drawing his nipples to hard peaks. A tremor wracked through him, ass and abs and shoulders, and he jerked his hands away from Tony to claw down into the arm and cushions of the couch, tossing his head back, teeth bared and heart pounding madly in his temples.
A dark, possessive thrill unfurled through his chest. Roger was used to being free-wheeling and spontaneous, but always remaining in control. Starla DeWard was outside of his experience and, frankly, probably out of his league, but so help him, he knew he could use his body to wring the pleasure from hers, to light them up and appease the depths of their lusts.
"No apology needed, Captain Rogers," the AI reassured. "Your attention is appropriately directed elsewhere."
Their dialogue, such as it was, had choked to a halt, as though the brief exchange had consumed the last vapors of their shared reserves.
by my gorgeous and creative lover. Oh, and also, an amazing blowjob.” It really had been. Life was turbulent and the world was filled with wrongs to be righted, but in this, he was a very, very lucky guy. “Uh, thanks, by the way. I'm sorry I didn't--"
Once they'd showered together a few times more, Steve had learned it was all Tony diminishing the levels in those expensive-looking bottles. He selected his aromas like another kind of armor, like his bland to zesty ties: on a hedonistic whim, or as a statement for the day, from political seduction to corporate power play.
The high-octane dirty talk fell by the wayside, replaced by harsh breathing and wet-slapping bodies, broken up with moans and groans, curses and gasps and growls, the language of raw sexual indulgence.
Tony could see that Steve definitely had DUM-E's attention. The bot had finally lifted his head away from his patriotic "pillow" to tilt it up quizically toward Steve.
A savage impulse, towering and avaricious, went marauding through his skull, rushing in his ears and blotting out his brain. He rose to his toes with a snap of his hips, dropped to a slight bend of his knees, slid his shaft up and down between her cheeks and felt her pick up his rhythm.
“Oh, perfect. The same, then.” For the first time, she sounded genuinely approving, like his choice of beverage had been made solely for her benefit.
So that was it, then. She walked to the door, reached for the knob -- then made an abrupt detour, veering off toward the bar on the same wall, disappearing behind it briefly, and reappeared, holding two bottles of water.
He grinned in gigawatts. "But not today? Whenever you're ready, then. You come right on back to me, Steve. I'll be waiting."
One thing Mr. Bassat hadn't named in regard to any of his wares was the price, and for this, Steve was grateful. All sensibilities of functional artistry aside, he knew he'd never bring himself to set foot upon any of them, and would cringe every time anyone else did, if he got wind of what almost certainly astronomical fortune Tony would be spending on today's purchase. He had no argument with the valuation of the artisans' time and skill, nor the merits of supporting the preservation of ancient techniques and traditions that had endured for hundreds, even thousands of years before the decades he'd lost. But where the modern-day monetization was concerned -- there were times when he simply didn't want to know.
"Oh, my bad." Tony did a sadface. "You were going to
“Steve,” Tony said. “Steve, look at me.”
“I am getting the feeling the good Captain left out a few parts of the story,” he said with an air of smug satisfaction. “Please, continue. This is fascinating.”
He reconsidered the bag of coins. The knight had withdrawn to the edge of the square, watching warily and obviously praying Tony would take the bribe and he, as the local law enforcement, wouldn't have to commit suicide by demon. Tony knew he was going to need clothes. And lodging. And food. And lots and lots of alcohol, to deal with this clusterfuck. Sighing, he swallowed his pride, snatched up the bag of coins and a loaf of bread from one of the tables. As he picked up the bread he heard a crying sound come from somewhere below. He stuffed the bread into the sack of coins and sank onto his haunches to look under the table.
“I was trying to reach Captain Rogers, sir. I thought the situation could benefit from his analysis, but Ms. Romanov answered instead.”
He bit back a sob when he felt a faint flutter under his fingertips. Rolling Tony onto his side, he watched a bit of water spill out of his mouth and nose, then he rolled him back onto his back and started giving him mouth to mouth again. A few breaths into it Tony started choking and flailing and Steve rolled him over again. Tony vomited up great gushes of water and bile and then he opened his eyes. He managed a weak "Steve?" before he passed out again. This time he was breathing for real, though he was wheezing and rattling alarmingly.
"I... don't know, Sir." The alarm ramped up. "I can't sense any satellites overhead. I don't think my sensors are blocked, we seem to be out in the open. There just don't seem to be any." That was insane. There was no place on Earth that was out of reach of all satellites. You could get a satellite signal in the Mongolian steppes, for chrissakes.
The silence stretched for a bit, but it wasn’t uncomfortable.
“Neither am I,” admitted Tony. Pepper could attest to that. And a few other people. “But you're welcome to stay and practice to your heart's content. Let me get Elayne. She'll know which rooms you can use.”
As much fun as he'd been having up till then, it'd been awesome to see the armor envelope Tony and watch him become Iron Man before his eyes. The way he'd shot past Steve with Clint in his arms was impressive. And that kind of bled into the hope that he could make Tony understand. Eventually.
“Best you top then. Condoms? Lube?”
“Your taste in sleepwear is appalling, Rogers! Here! Flowers!”
still here, but Hydra ain't coming to talk to you."
"Okay, slow down, Bugs Bunny," Steve laughed, placing his free hand on the back of Tony's neck, while trying to catch a rapidly descending drip of gelato with his tongue before it hit his hand. Tony stilled immediately and sucked in a breath. Steve looked at him, Tony glared back.
"Are you scared of me?" Steve was incredulous.
Tony knew that. Tony knew that very well.
"Oh! I crossed myself and it bucked me off and then it burst into flames and went screaming over the cliff."
Steve was still in a decidedly good mood when he neared the heli pad. Deciding he could risk a peek, he pulled himself up high enough to peer over the edge. Later he would wish he hadn't done it, that he would just have waited, unseeing and unseen, for Tony to pick him up and take him to the quinjet. Then he would have had more time. More time and a chance to explain and maybe a chance to repair.
Before Steve can so much as process what Tony is saying, let alone answer in any way, Tony grabs the towel and tosses it aside.
"Surely, their families would be happy to get them back alive?" he objected.
He was about to to start moving towards Tony, when a familiar voice spoke next to him.
"I'm just matching the strategy to my opponent, Mr Stark. Now come to bed." Tony came.
"Honestly, Tony, a little less gold and a bit more white and blue and maybe a bit less skin and you'd have a perfectly decent USO tour. What are you selling?"
He wasn’t disappointed. Steve was leaning against the railing along the canal across the street when Tony stepped outside. In the bright light of the spring sunshine he looked worse than he had the night before. More gaunt, more pallid and today he didn’t look so much like the weed tourist who had been on the road too long, but more like the homeless nomad Tony suspected he was. For a moment he was tempted to just give Steve the 25 guilder note he had in his wallet and send him on his way. What was he even doing, seeking this guy’s company? Fellow American or not, Steve obviously had problems that were way over Tony’s head. It’d really be much wiser not to get involved.
The lute stopped playing and it was as if the room itself held its breath.
“Please tell me you’re not divining the meaning Tony’s choice of robes again, you pedantic snob,” said Harry good-naturedly.
It was too much to think about right now, though. His calculations were as good as finished, and so was the prototype arc reactor and he was in the middle of writing it all up. So he just replaced his 386 with the newest Pentium computer and bought a higher quality deli ham for his sandwiches and went back to work for the time being.
“Fuck…” he whispered and moved up to kiss Steve, still relentlessly working this fingers in and out. Steve was reduced to panting into his mouth, though and couldn’t make it work.
The square was not paved, for starters. He was standing on compacted earth. The stalls were not like any stalls Tony had ever seen in a market. If fact, most of them seem to just be carts rolled into place haphazardly. Carts that looked like they'd have to be pulled by horses or oxen. There were vegetables in the carts, and caged live chickens that were making a terrible ruckus, and he spotted a table with baked goods, and one with rounds of cheese. Strangely, there was no sign of any stalls with knock off designer crap, or taco trucks or ten dollar chair massages. No neon colored price tags. No cars. At
"The stairs are bumpy and I don't want to accidentally touch the dead babies!" The boy gestured at the holes excavated in the walls on either side.
It lasted a couple of hours. First came a snapchat from Director Fury with a nice picture of his desk lamp saying 'your sister thinks our friends maybe ready to talk now i am going to bed wake me up and i will end you'. Deciding they could not do much about that right now they settled back in. For all of three minutes.
Steve wasn't always at Tony's left shoulder, to be honest. It wouldn't have been practical in the workshop. Tony spent quite a bit of time there working on some of the designs he'd started on the ship. But he set up an 'education station' for Steve within his line of sight. It made sense, it really did. Steve's main complaint about the internet was that it was so very low on facts and very full of opinions that used twisted facts. Steve had once asked him seriously whether Tony thought Elvis was really dead or not (and what about Paul McCartney? Did Tony have any vinyl copies of Sgt. Pepper that he could play backwards?), and Tony wasn't going to be responsible for setting a super powered conspiracy theorist loose on the world, so it was just better if Steve was right there while he caught himself up on current events. The fact that Steve hardly ever bothered to change after his workouts before joining Tony in the workshop had nothing to do with it.
“Goodnight Ms. Romanov.”
"Where else are you hurt?"
Loki conceded: "Fine. I moved him."
"Just a sec, Tony," came Steve's voice from behind him, "let me smell the chestnuts for a bit." Chestnuts? What chestnuts? Tony looked around and spotted a guy at the edge of the sidewalk that seemed a likely suspect to be roasting said chestnuts. They smelled kind of pleasant, he supposed, even if they immediately caused a earworm of 'Chestnuts roasting on an open fire, something something la la la'. He turned his head to look at Steve, who was inhaling deeply, looking... wistful? What the fuck? If he wanted chestnuts that badly, why wasn't he getting chestnuts?
“I see what you are trying to say, Master Stark,” Entwhistle conceded thinly, after a long pause in which he studied Steve with distaste. “I have to say the more conservative style becomes your friend, his physique can certainly carry it, but I am not sure that even when regarded as a pair, the narrower cut-”
“JARVIS, can you run this guy through the database? Do we know him?” There was a moment of silence, because JARVIS was a little slow on the ship.
“Go see him. Go see the place he lives in. Then tell him that you’re sorry and that you’ll do anything if he’ll take you back and for the love of god, beg him to stop pining.”
Then things had changed again, a few nights ago when Tony all of sudden had found himself telling Steve things he hadn't even told Pepper or Rhodey. Ugly old nasty things that he normally shut away in a remote corner of his mind, because they made him feel lost and vulnerable and lonely. And Steve hadn't flinched, had even seemed grateful that Tony had given him those ugly things and all of a sudden Tony hadn't felt so lonely anymore. Still vulnerable, but somehow he trusted Steve not to exploit that. Which was weird, because Tony had had to learn so many times that he couldn't afford to trust anyone like that, but apparently you could trust against your better judgment too.
"Tony," he started, and his tone of voice must have given away his trepidation, because Tony barely looked up from his work, suspiciously regarding Steve through his lashes. "You don't have to answer, but I really wonder... Nobody could or would give me any particulars and all I ever got was 'He changed', but... What happened to Howard? How did he go from the decent guy I knew to somebody that nobody wants to talk about? I mean, I wouldn't have pegged him for father of the year material, really, but was he really all that bad?"
"Bah. His Russian accent is atrocious," muttered Natasha.
He woke up several times that night, relieved to find Steve just as close every time before he dropped back to sleep.
“Uh, no.” William would be here soon enough, though. “I am here to... test the mettle of the knights of Albion. To challenge them and see if they would fight a demon. See if they are as worthy as the Frankish bards proclaim.” Tony paused.
"I need to talk to him first. I'll explain in a sec." Tony surged up and kissed him hard and fast. Before Steve could grab him and hold him in place, though, he had twisted away and knelt by the crying boy.
kitchen in
"You want me to be Clark Kent?" He sounded amused.
"Very expressive with the feelings, babe. Very manly." He was properly smirking now.
“Stop that. Don’t make me come in my pants.”
"We won't know that until we try, though. Gimme me twenty minutes."
Steve's eyes went wide, but he still wasn't kissing Tony. Exasperated, Tony pulled him in more, went on his tiptoes and pressed his mouth to Steve's. It was awkward and the angle was wrong and there were way too many teeth involved, but then Steve made a surprised little noise that trailed off into a whimper and the next thing Tony knew he was being yanked against Steve's chest and Steve tilted his head just so and then their mouths slotted perfectly together and then Steve's tongue was in his mouth and Tony's knees gave out. That didn't matter in the least, because Steve held him up with ease and Tony slid his arms around Steve's neck and his hands into his hair.
“Or, we could just strip the dye out of yours, Stark and have you go back to your natural state of salt and pepper. If Porter's man enough to age gracefully, I'm sure you could man up too.”
Steve looked stricken. "Oh. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to co-opt the holidays. Um. What should we do for Hanukkah?"
. He couldn't figure out if it was Steve's fault for virtually demanding Tony go too far, or if it was Steve's fault for having a direct line into Tony's conscience. Either way, everything was Steve's fault.
“Of course you don't. Baseball it is then. At least for tonight.”
Okay, this was weird. How did this fellow know his name? And what on earth was going on with this quest? It wasn't a real Grail quest, he didn't need or even
and it was at this point probably the most expensive item of clothing he had ever owned.
"So you thought..... No, wait." He eyed the man. "That is not all, is it? What are
Steve wants to tell him to just hurry the fuck up, he's more than ready and his ass is now wet and cold. But then Tony slides two fingers into him and starts scissoring them and all words get swallowed in a moan.
“Very well, Sir. Shall I add some appropriate shrieks to the translation? Perhaps I ought to impersonate you doing the Macarena while inebriated?”
"I never did." Gawaine said, still laughing. "I said God made the bees to provide us with honey, not that they'd happily give it up."
"You came back." It was the only thing he could think of to say.
"Nothing! Everything!" Tony gestured around them, perhaps a little wildly. "It's is like we're in every single Christmas movie slash Romcom ever made. There's Christmas lights and snow and we're about to pick a tree together. We should be wearing Santa hats and then we should argue about what the perfect tree is and then we seriously overestimate our ceiling height so we end up having to saw about two feet off the tree and it will end up looking lopsided and we'll say it's perfect anyway and then you kiss me on the nose and then we'll have Chinese take out on the rug in front of the fireplace watching the lights twinkle in the tree and so on and so forth!"
Over the next few days Steve did a lot of holding things for Tony while Tony did extremely complicated stuff that Steve had a hard time following. Tony explained the basic premises as he went and they made kind of sense to Steve, but it was a little like Tony explaining the concept of a ball to him and Steve just about understanding that he was talking about a small, round bouncy thing, only to watch Tony start to juggle 17 multi-colored ones in ever more complicated patterns, using phantom appendages that Steve hadn’t even known existed. It was fascinating.
Steve tore his mouth away from Tony and rested his forehead against his. "Tony?" He sounded happy and uncertain at the same time. Tony smiled at him.
fucking Tony. On the one hand he's good with Tony staying in this exact position for a week or so. On the other hand, he
"Awesome," Tony sighed and finally turned his attention to the movie. He promptly sat back up.
Three days it had taken, McGonagall had said. Steve couldn’t even imagine doing this after something like that.
. "No visitors, JARVIS! I specifically told you no visitors."
"Ms. Romanov can suck it. I have better things to do."
"Who cares?" said Tony, "We're not staying here. JARVIS! Get us a cab." When a cab showed up not two minutes later, Tony had the man drop them off at Termini Station, where they zigzagged through the crowds a few times and then hailed another cab.
"But you would have a castle full of sin-" the man tried again, his face a mask of righteous indignation. Steve frowned at him harder.
"Tony," Steve interrupted, "Tony, stop! You didn't do anything wrong."
“Are you sure you want to do this?” he whispered between shaky breaths.
With every joke Tony would crack, Steve's heart would crack a little too. Despite the depraved things he apparently wanted to do to Tony -and his mind was still reeling from the realization that those were things he wanted- Steve knew it had been the 'mine, mine,
appreciation for the chiseled jaw....." He sounded distracted when he added: "And the chiseled abs... and the chiseled biceps.... and triceps... and the chiseled pecs..." His hands were no longer tugging on the shirt. Steve sucked in a quick breath when he felt them sliding down his arms and chest instead.
"Captain Rogers is in the gym, Sir." JARVIS provided helpfully. Great. If Steve had gone there to work off his anger, that meant Tony would have to shell out for a few more reinforced heavy bags soon. If not an entirely new gym. He went back to work, ignoring the sick feeling in his stomach that he was sure was just caused by lack of food or something. He found himself nervously drumming some wrenches on the work table and forced himself to stop. Several times.
Tony drove on the way back to the airfield where his jet was waiting. Steve hadn't said a word since they left the nursing home and Tony hadn't pushed him. The day was dark and gloomy, but Steve still wore his sunglasses. He was staring out the window where the rain and the wind were blowing tracks of tears on the glass. If Steve was crying he clearly didn't want Tony to know. Which... Fair enough.
Steve, who wasn't his Steve after all. And even though he'd known Steve wasn't his, that it couldn't last, the betrayal hurt like fuck. But the guy wasn't even Steve. He was Captain Fucking America! It all made a weird kind of sense in retrospect, the things he'd said, the things he could do, what he knew and didn't know, but how the fuck....
Steve flushed, but he was laughing too.
"Only a matter of time, before someone links the two, which means the paparazzi...." Tony was interrupted by JARVIS.
A little pool of dread settled in his stomach. No. Nonononono. It couldn't be. Loki wouldn't send him back in time. He wouldn't do that to Steve. He wouldn't.... Who the fuck was he kidding? Of course the asshole would. That is why he had been so insufferably coy about the 'where' question. Tony closed his eyes in exasperation. And took a deep breath. Let loose a string of curses and took another deep breath. No satellites, no power lines. Of course there weren't any.
"Besides my therapist, you're the only person I have ever told that shit about my father."
"I don't know what happened, because I never knew the guy you knew. Whatever made him caustic and bitter and an alcoholic may have happened before I was born. Maybe it was losing you, maybe it was something else. I don't remember him any other way. Frankly, it pisses me off now that apparently there was a time that he wasn't so bad." Tony shivered. "When I was young, he..."
“I wish…” He trailed off, not even knowing what all he wished for, except for everything to be different.
"Just because I don't wear stars and stripes underwear, doesn't mean-"
Tony looked around him, to check the witnesses. Hulk was stomping cars, halfway down the street, but Thor was beaming at him and sticking two thumbs up, like Tony had just accomplished something great. Clearly, the world had gone mad only
"Ok, this place is creepy." Tony said in Steve's earpiece as they descended the uneven stairs into the Domitilla Catacombs, "Nothing like going into a underground maze of death with a big fucking target on my back." Steve couldn't reply, a grandmotherly woman in their group had latched on to his arm for assistance and was now chatting away at him. "Hey kid!" Tony continued out loud, addressing a boy of about 10 years old that was going very slowly down the middle of the stairs ahead of him, effectively blocking the entire stairway. "What is the holdup?"
Steve braces for a cold squirt of lube or a slippery finger. Therefore, he is completely unprepared for the warm slide of Tony's tongue over his rim. He gasps and his elbows almost buckle. There is a fleeting notion that Tony shouldn't be doing this, that it's not hygienic, even if Steve has just showered, but the wet heat of it feels too fucking amazing to voice any of that and Steve shamefully submits to the incredible feeling of Tony's tongue teasing and caressing his hole. The tickle of Tony's Van Dyke against his balls is exquisite. He loses all sense of time, lost in sensation, relishing every lick, until he notices he's dropped down onto his elbows, ass in the air and his cock weeping profusely. Whimpering.
The first thing he noticed, when he did, was that the car was moving. He hadn’t noticed it starting, so it was a little discombobulating. And then he thought through the implications; they must be heading to Bucky’s place already. Which meant… He started to struggle. Steve made a sleepy noise of protest; apparently he was settling in for a post-coital nap. Tony shook him.
Then he loses it. Sagging with his back against the door, his pants around his thighs, he curls into his knees and feels hot tears spilling over. Like a dam crumbling, there is no stopping it. Great wracking sobs force themselves out of his throat as it hits him. Mom is dead. Bucky is dead. His life is empty. So fucking, fucking
“Oh, you have no idea,” said Draco darkly.
“December 21st,” Steve replied.
? And more importantly, did they need to be rescued again? He wasn't sure he was up to any high octane rescues right now, not the way his body ached almost continuously. Something mild, say along the lines of shouting: "Shoo! Get thee away, knave!"
"How about we watch that
"Can't say that I had much input. Capsicle has strong opinions on trees."
When Tony drifted off to sleep on Steve's shoulder, he let him be. Tony obviously needed sleep, as pale as he'd looked earlier, and Steve wasn't about to let him go yet. When Tony's breath had become slow and regular, indicating deep sleep, Steve turned his head and buried his nose in Tony's hair. It smelled a little salty, probably because of the sea winds around this place, and a little of chamomile. It needed a bit more eau de engine grease to make it perfect, really. But it was perfectly soft and Steve barely stopped himself before he gave in to the urge to press a kiss into Tony's hair. That would be... inappropriate.
Tony sighed in resignation. "Yes, it did. I did."
. He'd said too much and it was either slap Tony or kiss him. For a second he was afraid Tony would push him away and yell at him, but instead Tony grabbed his hair and tilted his head for a better fit and then Tony's tongue was in his mouth and he stopped thinking altogether. It was like all his nerve endings had suddenly come alive every place where Tony pressed into him. He felt so solid and warm under Steve's hands, which had wandered to Tony's back, sliding all the way down to the swell of Tony's ass. The way Tony was pulling on his hair made his knees weak, and the way Tony's tongue felt curled around his own was beyond words. He moaned and Tony tugged his hair a little harder in response.
"The smoke is opening his mind to me. Would you like to see who he's thinking off?" It asked. It almost clapped its hands in glee. "This is wonderful! It is delightfully sinful."
Tony gave her an unimpressed look.
"God, you're a stubborn son of a bitch."
“We must.”
Huh. Whaddayaknow? Definitely friends.
The sky had grown dark and it was snowing lightly by the time they reached what Steve had deemed NYC's best tree lot. Tony had been grateful for the warmth of Steve's arm during the walk because the temperature was dropping rapidly and whatever heat he had built up ice skating had disappeared a while ago. Now they were standing side by side, perusing the selection of trees, hands shoved in their pockets for warmth. It wasn't until they were ten minutes into a discussion of the merits of Noble Firs over Douglas Firs that Tony was struck by the complete and utter ridiculousness of it all.
He held out his hand with the cat treats. The moment the smell of them hit Steve’s nose, his posture changed. It went from imminent flight to curiosity. His tail end came down and Tony waited patiently as Steve wrestled with his instincts. Tony's left leg started to go numb in the squat but he didn’t dare move. Finally, after an eternity, Steve inched forward, his nose twitching. Tony let one of the treats roll off his fingers onto the cobblestones. It was gobbled up in a nanosecond and he could see why. Steve was skin and bones, his white fur was patchy and he had a rip in one orange ear that looked infected. Tony’s heart clenched and he stretched out his hand a little further.
"Just say the word." Tony's dick was dry now, so he went ahead and tucked himself away, nice and neat, neither stroking himself nor feeling the tempting burn of arousal. The event's industry affiliation was merely a convenient entree. This was Steve's scene. He'd find his own gratification... differently. Later.
Roger’s mouth flooded with saliva and the raw, desperate ache of want. His tongue suctioned to the roof of his mouth, way back where it turned into his soft palate, and then peeled off with a click and a loud liquid pop.
He waited for no answer, sidled closer and stroked a hand down that rough patch where the lather was already rinsing away. The water had become hotter, and the stall steamier, as he made a show of a shimmy and slanted in to follow the same path with his mouth, and Tony's cock rose to meet him metaphorically halfway.
Tony backtracked, trying again. "Maybe it's just me, but some days, you... I..."
A free shot of Extremis 3.0 for everyone, via the punch bowl -- no one had best dare to impugn Tony Stark's generosity -- and the Saturday night after-party for the weekend's tech conference was in full swing.
"You just? What is it?"
Oh, they were a handsome couple like this, too.
"Just wanted to, uh, see how things went," said Clint, shiftily.
"That's it, exactly, Tony. I think you said it just perfectly, don't you, DUM-E?"
He got a good little jump and startle out of Tony, and used it to shuffle them around to their sides, Tony wriggling with him. Then Steve leaned in for a kiss, bringing the less-sharp edges of their tongues to meet. It was sensual and undemanding after their earlier conflagration, neither moving to take it past a simmer, but they hadn't hadn't kissed today, and Steve wanted one, and he savored the sweetness.
"We could, ah... use this to cover your eyes. Might make it easier."
When he saw the sheer number and variety of bath products, every single bottle that wasn't completely opaque showing far enough from full that it was obvious these were all incurring use, he almost called their whole involvement off as a case of mismatched expectations.
"Thank you for acknowledging that. Fortunately, the Avengers are bigger than this, and Tony and I are adults, and we'll continue to be able to work together in the field."
He watched Steve draw a long breath through his nose, and it happened.
"So unless you have any further grandiose threats, imprecations, or vitriol to spew? No? Then I believe our business here is concluded." Tony lobbed the bottle in an arcing overhand toss toward Steve, who reached up to catch it by reflex. "On the house. After all that
Steve slid his hands up Tony's thighs, wiry and tensile and strong, and slid his mouth along his curving shaft, suckling lightly and feeling him swell the rest of the way. He backed off to the head and flicked his tongue around the flare and into the notch underneath. Tony's groan echoed off the tile, and his fingers tightened, then his hands were gone. Steve felt him shift and snuck a look through slitted eyes.
But when he’d marched out on his mission, Tony hadn’t been around that afternoon, the evening, night, nor till the next, past dinnertime. The wait of a day had felt more like a week, and -- no, it was foolish to think that Tony was avoiding him, just his own insecurity rearing its head, don’t overreact -- till he’d found out later, the truth of his instinct, and the sheer luck by which he’d caught Tony’s return from a dawn to sunset string of business meetings.
Steve laughed, a little self-conscious, not so accustomed to openly showing physical pleasure beyond basic satisfaction or relief. This seemed so... wanton. Sensual. He felt himself blushing, and cast his eyes down, his glance falling on his feet, which under the unaccustomed scrutiny, seemed suddenly disembodied and alien. He shifted his gaze to trace the angles and stripes leading away from them, but it only led his line of sight toward Tony's feet and toes, and that wasn't comfortable, either. Bare feet had never seemed so naked, or intimate. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and chewed on the inside of his cheek.
The plots were preposterous and predictable, and helped Steve ratchet himself down a notch. Tension seeped out of him on a long, released breath that pressed his shoulder blades back against the top line of the couch. The motion passed down through his body and nudged his erection a little forward through the ring of Tony's lips, which, now that he was hard, no longer reached quite to his base.
"But I'm the one who said yes.”
"Ah, well, I... Oh, hell, Steve, some days, you know, you just--"
you," Steve chanted in a vicious crescendo, as Tony continued to expertly manipulate him, mercilessly exploiting his arousal. His eyes closed again, his head falling to hang heavily across Tony's arm. Tony left the hold loose now, forearm angling down and fingers resting at Steve's collar bone, no longer a choke, but an embrace for Steve to strangle himself upon.
He’d been sleepy-sated smiling, but molasses-silky silence had turned sulky, terse and skittish. Steve could feel it, and he knew Tony had noticed. But no pressure came to bear except the perfectly steamed water; Tony hadn’t pushed at all, had given space. He’d remained the same considerate, generous lover -- or was he just accustomed to these awkward afters?
Tony was flying high on Extremis-supplemented endorphins, maxed out to full charge like a redlining power plant buzzing and humming in his bones. He felt radiant. Luminous, like an icon. A messiah.
Steve was the first to say it.
. Barring a miracle, this was all just about to crash and burn. “So, uh. Starla.” He ran a hand around the inside of his collar, belatedly remembering it had been open practically since they’d walked in. He felt like he was strangling.
Tony's hands came down to sculpt aqueducts into Steve’s hair, and Steve hummed. He tilted his chin to see Tony’s pleasure-smudged face, the drip of his watercolor lashes, the red splashes of his cheeks. Still kneeling before him, holding his eyes, he took himself in hand. His arousal, deferred, flared hot and bright, and a thick tremor rolled across his shoulders as he thumbed over the head.
"DUM-E would like to inform the both of you in the most unequivocal of terms that he would never consider becoming a supervillain," JARVIS interpreted.
~~*~~
An unexpected crawl of fingertips through the clipped hair at the base of his skull made his toes and his stomach curl tighter, and his next breath came out as a quiet groan. He wanted... he turned his head, seeking blindly, and brushed his lips across Tony's mouth. It was clumsy, with no finesse, hardly even a kiss, but it gave him a jolt and a thrill, and just enough time for a quick blink of nerves --
“Oh, fuck, oh, god, you feel that, you feel me riding your wet hole, letting you feel what’s going in you?”
The other two bots converged upon Steve as he approached DUM-E, so that he appeared surrounded by a herd of friendly ponies, prancing and pushing their heads out for a pat. U clanged the center of the shield, still slung on Steve's left arm, and Tony found himself laughing out loud along with them, his smile lingering as Steve accepted the playful jostling and greeted each bot by name. "Good aim, there, U, that's a bullseye. Hi, Butterfingers, I'm happy to see you, too. I have to ask you a favor, though, guys. I really need to talk to DUM-E for a few minutes."
A toss of her head flipped and resettled the raven-dark, spiky layers that swept to one side on top of her head, leaving the short-clipped back and severely shaped sideburns unruffled. She barked out an indelicate cackle, unhanding him before his reach toward his shoulder could connect to do it for her. “Full points for creativity, professor. That’s the most scholarly rejection I’ve ever been dealt.”
-- before Tony gave the answer he hoped for, sliding their lips together with better skill, showing him how they fit.
When he pulled out, his hand was soaked, and wet sounds came from both ends of her, like ass and mouth were in agreement toward keeping him in, in.
Hell, he guessed now he knew what had taken her so long in the bathroom, and it wasn’t just “girl things.” He’d been right there in the hallway, while she’d been standing in one of the stalls with slicked up fingers up her hole, working the lube in and probably stretching herself… it was an almost unbearable turn-on. His dick twitched and beaded up another drop of pre-come, drooling just like he was.
. But at least he was going to be tired enough to sleep today.
"Why the hell not?" stubborned Tony, "Professional decorators need to make a living too, you know."
"Steve! I'm not laughing at what you said. I am laughing because you sounded just like me and we're both self-flagellating idiots. That struck me as funny. Not that you're feeling 'unprofessional' about me." He leered at Steve, who was smiling a little now. "Believe me, doll, I haven't had a single professional thought about you in
“What else is new? It’ll be a nice change to have a reason for it this time.” He jerked his head towards his room.
"Don't give up on me."
He couldn't stand the thought of that.
Then Dinadan broke into a grin, pounded Tristan on the back and proclaimed: "Well, that sure was some manly spear handling!" Steve started to smile tentatively, but then Galahad behind him bit back a broken sob. He turned to look at the boy, but not before he caught Gaheris crossing himself furtively out of the corner of his eye.
“Do I….? What? Of course I do. I’m here at Hogwarts, aren’t I?”
Obie retaliated by denying him access to his trust fund. It didn’t matter much, because Tony had already lined up a position as PhD student when he graduated a couple of months later. He pretty much had free reign and he and Professor Yinsen had grand ideas about the direction of the research. It was going to be awesome. Best of all, PhD student was a paid position with only minimal course requirements and minimal teaching responsibilities. The pay wasn’t that much, but it was enough that Tony only needed to work at De Wijnhaven on the weekends.
Tony considered that. She had a point. He kind of missed his late afternoon chats with Thor, while the man rolled his stack of joints for the day. He didn’t see the point of moving, though, if he was happy where he was. Natasha patted his shoulder to indicate that she was going back in. As she pulled the door open a wave of music, shouting and laughter spilled out into the street.
"Who are you?" said the kid, staring at the arc reactor.
"And, once you show a personal interest in this trial, someone, somewhere, is going to link those pictures from last spring to Captain Rogers and blast your relationship all over the internet. Interest in Captain America will be frenzied at that point anyway and then it wouldn't even have to be true, but since it
"And what is supposed to become of us?"
Tony sat down in the chair with his legs wide and motioned for Steve to recline with his back against Tony's chest, his head on Tony's shoulder.
. Why would you even....? You didn't want to come rescue me, Tony. You thought I hated you. They told me.”
"Finally!" whooped Gawaine. "This quest was getting tedious!"
Tony snorted and leaned back on his elbow, turning to look at Steve finally. Oddly, there was amusement on his face.
“Why me? Why not bring Rhodes?”
“He certainly draws the eye, doesn’t he?”
“Shut it, Stark.” It sounded like a threat. “Here, let me show you Corbin.” The next picture that was pulled up on the monitor bore an uncanny resemblance to the guy in countless memes that had crossed Tony's own screens when lack of sleep and sustenance seemed to conspire to make him think multitasking and social media were a good thing.
Bruce shook his head. “That’s messed up, man.”
Tony swallowed hard and shrugged.
"Whichever is closer."
Tony had absolutely no answer to that.
“Okay,” said Tony, after they had changed into lounge pants and t-shirts and he'd had a fortifying drink or three, “I know you haven't done it, and I don't know how that is even possible looking like you do....”
“Delighted to meet you, sir,” said a distinctly British voice and Steve's felt his eyes go wide.
He gives Tony plenty of time to get ready for bed, before he goes up. He still checks: the bathroom is empty, the door to his mom's room is closed. Coast is clear. He takes a quick shower. Once in his bedroom he considers sleeping in just his briefs, because the night is still warm, but it doesn't feel right with someone else in the house. So he quickly shucks them and gets his pajama pants on. He is contemplating a T-shirt versus his pajama tops when he hears a noise behind him. Panic rises instantaneously as Steve whirls around to face his doorway. Tony is leaning indolently against the doorjamb, arms lightly crossed and a smirk on his face. Steve tries to get his breathing under control. Stand down, he tells himself. Stand down. It's just Tony. The panic doesn't dissipate so much as transforms into a different kind of anxiety as he calms down enough to notice the way Tony's eyes are roving over Steve's body. He clutches the shirt he's holding a little tighter to his chest.
But Steve can't. Not when Tony straddles Steve's legs and rolls a condom down his shaft. He wraps his hand around the base of Steve's cock, positioning it at his entrance. Steve's mouth falls open as he brings his eyes up to meet Tony's. Tony grins at him.
Tony assured her he had never shed a tear for Jesus, but he was on board with the not fucking. At least these 'dates' would be bearable.
"Yeah. Sure. Fine." But Tony felt oddly let down. Bringing the booze would be easy. But it felt like a cop out. He followed the rest of the discussion with a half ear, wondering
It is after six when he pulls into his driveway. The trailer is there, but there is no sign of Tony. The generator is on, though. Just when he lifts the last reusable bag of groceries out of the trunk, Tony steps out of the trailer, cargo shorts and wife beater. He freezes as he sees Steve. Steve stares back at him. He's beautiful. He scares Steve to death. Steve still wants him.
"The gist of it, Sir, is that you are her master in evil, and she has been worshiping you. Apparently she has brought ill luck and death to people and livestock in your honor."
"New York. The Avengers. Tony. We're all waiting."
"I'd send them in at a time when they'd be mostly inconspicuous."
"But what if they told me to do something.... wouldn't you....I mean, you'd really have to trust that they would not hurt you or make you do...."
They bitched back a forth for a bit and then Tony was alone in his house. He cranked up the music and picked up his welding torch.
“Yeah, I could hear you.” Tony tossed it from hand to hand a few times. “I’m wondering, though…”
“Are you in security, Barnes?”
After the dead and dreary landscape he had traveled through for the last two days the opulence of the chamber in front of him hit him like a hammer. The room was so warm the rich tapestries on the walls and the golden candlesticks on the table shimmered in the heat, the smell of roast meat made his mouth water and someone, somewhere was playing a lute. It was like he'd stepped into a different world. It took him a moment to realize that he was being hailed by the two men sitting at the table. Percival was waving a pheasant leg at him and Bors was jumping up exclaiming his disbelief about them having survived. But Steve paid them no attention. Because on the other side of the hall a small procession of veiled women was about to leave the room. One was carrying a candelabra, one a broken sword and one was carrying a lance that looked like it was bleeding. The one in back, though, was holding something that glowed a pulsing blue.
As he busied himself with showing Steve the miracles of convection ovens and microwaves as they related to reheating a selection of premium breakfast foods, he reminded himself that he might want to eventually make it clear to Pepper that he wasn't actually fucking Steve. He should probably also let Steve know, discreetly, that Pepper was currently under the impression that they were fucking, but then again... Who was he kidding? There was no way in hell he was broaching that subject with Captain America. There was a point in every man's life where he realized that sometimes living with people's assumptions was less painful and embarrassing than explaining the truth, and this was clearly that point.
“You okay with giving Bucky a lift back to New York too?” Rhodey inquired matter-of-factly.
“Okay.... That's.... I'm sorry. I didn't realize. I thought you and Peggy had surely... Listen, I wouldn't have played it that way if I'd known. I thought you were being a prude. I didn't realize you were freaking out. I didn't mean to freak you out more than those assclowns already did.”
"Tony..." he groaned and he wasn't sure whether it was a reprimand or a plea. Tony whispered: "......nipple piercings..." and Steve jerked when he felt a hot wet mouth close over his nipple.
Suddenly, they hit the wall behind Tony, because apparently Steve had been pushing him backwards and Tony surged forward, ripping his mouth away from Steve's. Steve wanted to protest but Tony yelled: "Dude! Dead babies in my hair! Get off!" Trying and failing to catch his breath, Steve brushed Tony's hair. A little frantic and uncoordinated, admittedly, but a man could hardly be blamed for that. Eventually Tony stopped squirming and rested his forehead against Steve's shoulder. Steve immediately placed his hand on the gray head, holding him in place.
Steve strolled into Tony's workshop as if there weren't layers upon layers of security to prevent strangers walking in.
"Yeah, but it's been empty for a long time." Tony didn't immediately respond and Steve felt a need a to fill the silence. "It's not a disadvantage in my line of work."
"You should take them both," Steve said, "I am more of a blunt force trauma kind of guy." Tony smiled. Of course he was. "How are you going to hide them in your suit?" Steve asked.
"How the fuck are you even alive?!" The armor's speakers boomed and he saw Steve flinch and take another step back. Steve, who'd been friends with his
“Wordless, too,” added Tony, respect in his voice. “Bet you could even do it wandless, but maybe not at the same time. I think you’re one of those people who can just do things by force of will. Which means you’re gonna struggle with a lot of the theoretical stuff, because it doesn’t help someone with your kind of magic. And you’re always going to be more of a brute force kind of guy, but admittedly a really powerful one.” His eyes flicked to where the hole in the wall had been.
"Which reminds me, what do you want? Why are we in a bathroom stall if it's not to trade blowjobs?" And that really was kind of mean. Unnecessarily crass, at the least. It wasn't Steve's fault that Tony felt rejected, he hadn't meant anything by it and Tony had no business feeling rejected. But there you had it.
Tony cringed. He couldn’t help it.
Steve nods mutely.
"Steve?" Tony hoisted himself on to their tiny kitchen counter and thoughtlessly drummed his heels against the cabinet. Natasha glared at him and he stopped.
Fortunately, the swanky hotel they were in had multiple entrances to the
"Are you saying Captain America is not the pinnacle of patriotism? You wound me, Tony." Steve was trying to pout while he pulled his cowl off, but his mouth kept pulling up in the corners and his hair ended up sticking up all over the place. It was adorable.
“I dunno. Use Rogers.” Bruce waved dismissively at Steve. “He’s got plenty of practice in not flying into an incoherent rage when you insult him.”
“You want me to make it bigger?”
Lancelot's face went through a handful of emotions: irritation, fear, determination and anger. He finally looked at Steve with anguish in his eyes.
"What would you have done if we hadn't?"
Steve jumped off his horse and started to fight his way through the crowd. He suddenly didn't care if he hurt anybody. His sense of urgency was overriding most of his more careful instincts around civilians and there were plenty of painful cries as he shoved people aside. It wasn't that he thought these people could damage the armor and get at Tony, he knew Tony had designed it better than that. But what if Tony had had a seizure or something? Or couldn't breathe? What if JARVIS had to open the armor to get Tony air, what then? What if JARVIS
Steve tries to breathe some sense into his pounding heart.
“You got anything in my size for sale?” he asked the apologetic young sales clerk.
Steve got more water from the rain barrel and used it to carefully wipe away the salt and grime on Tony's body and he rinsed his hair. Then he washed himself and their clothes and he cooked some of the grains that were left in a jar on one of the storage shelves into a mush that Tony refused to eat no matter how much Captain America Steve put into his voice. So he made Tony more tea and ate the mush himself.
"Alas! I wish I could! But I can't. It's a spell and spells have conditions. Only by meeting the conditions can he come back."
“For my sake, can you swallow your pride? Please, Steve? I love you, I don't want to lose you.” He squeezed his eyes shut and  gripped Steve’s hands as if that could hold him. He didn’t dare breathe.
“Are you even listening to yourself? I’ll never be able to pay that back and even if I did I wouldn’t want to spend my galleons on dress robes. Besides, robes or no, everyone will still know I am muggle born. Why would I want to be looked down upon all evening by your pureblood friends?”
Three, or possibly four drinks later and decidedly buzzed, Tony found himself leaning towards Steve and wagging his finger.
have gray hair, Mr I'll Just Shave It Off So No One Can Tell. I happen to have superior genes all the way. Brains, beauty and a full head of
"Shhhh! I'll be right back." He started swinging hand over hand toward the couple, under their line of sight. It was easy, just like oddly placed monkey bars. When he was about 8 feet away, Jarvis let him know he had audio. Steve carefully removed the ear piece and twisted the ear hook around the iron bar of the railing. Then he silently moved back towards Tony, pulled himself up and swung himself carefully back over the railing. Tony looked at him a little oddly but then focused on his com unit.
"nope how is married life" Fury's ceiling responded a couple of minutes later. "Fucker," Tony muttered, "Steve, come here, pucker up, selfie time." He pressed his cheek to Steve's and took a picture of the both of them. He deleted it after checking it, though. "No! Not grumpy cat face! I said pucker up! Come on, Steve, like this," and he made an exaggerated kissy face. "I don't..." Steve objected. Did Tony seriously expect him to....?
"Carry me?"
Steve is busy pushing back against Tony's fingers, reveling in the feel of them jammed up his ass, but wanting, needing
He almost yelped when Stark yanked him into a deserted hallway and shoved him up against a wall.
It was a fortunate pick, because there turned out to be a village at the edge of the lake in that direction. It looked quaint. Very, very quaint, in fact. Maybe it was one of those hippie towns where New Age nuts gathered in stone circles, like the one behind him, to participate in fake rituals that involved dreadful music. He could see from afar that there was some sort of market going on on the main square. That seemed like a good place to pick up some coffee, breakfast and information, in that order. He just hoped it wasn't like a craft fair or anything, because he wasn't in the mood for crystal beads and hemp clothing and all that shit.
Steve turned his head to see where Tony was. On the couch, just where he'd left him some hours ago. His back against the arm rest, one leg flung over the back of the couch, and engrossed in his tablet. It didn't look like he had slept at all. Steve smiled bigger. Instinctively, he knew this was thin ice. He could not expect Tony to replace all the people of his past. For one, that was way too heavy a burden for one person to carry and two, that would be putting all his eggs in one basket. That would be unwise. And most importantly, Tony was temporary. After this was over Steve would go to Afghanistan and Tony would go back to that workshop of his and that would be that. Steve couldn't let himself become dependent on Tony in any way, and he wouldn't. As soon as he got out of here, though, he'd make an effort to truly join this century and find some guys to connect with. Time to
His thoughts went around the same circle several hundred times, until he got so fed up with himself that they finally settled in a grey funk that persisted until the storm broke loose. He made his way home amid the groups squealing students that were caught out in the rain with him. Lightning cracked across the sky as he opened his front door. He toweled his hair dry and peeled off his clothes. Leaving them in a sodden heap on his bedroom floor he sat down at his computer and started to write a scathing dissection of the current state of research in his field.
Steve had studied Stark surreptitiously. He was a handsome man, with laugh lines and a penetrating stare, disrespectful and sarcastic, but obviously smart and focused when he wanted to be. Steve had liked Howard, but he had always felt too much like the scrawny unpopular kid hanging out with the flashy dandy to ever feel confident in their friendship. Something that was subtly fed by Howard as much as his own insecurities, he was sure. Stark's mercurial mood changes were somehow more honest and.... appealing. He guessed he could have gotten a worse partner for this pretend marriage, and, boy, was that whole gay marriage thing an alien concept for a guy born in 1918. He reminded himself that Hydra was invloved in this and that that should really be his priority. Nothing else
"What do we do till dinner?" Steve asked. Tony looked pensive, but then he shrugged.
Tony nodded to show he understood and accepted that. “If you need me, you know where I am.”
"See? It's just a matter of time. You have all the technology in this tower at your disposal, too, should you need it."
He pushed the memories behind a curtain, black as an alien blindfold.
That was another thing about Tony: his quickness to assume fault. Steve couldn't let him think there was any blame here to pin on himself.
shit, shit
were hits that crackled through his nerves every bit as much.
to. He couldn’t go home empty handed, not only letting down Tony, but failing the families of the community.
That was the last of it; he stopped, hand on one black-denimed hip, tapping a toe and chewing distractedly on his upper lip, and studied the object of his dilemma. His erstwhile helper had already retreated back to his station and sat silently,
Fuck, yeah, he could.
Well, come to think of it, that last part, the invitation, was probably just because he'd happened by at the opportune time.
hot, he was gonna--
They. The perpetrators. Far too sanitized and clinical a word. But the bottom line was, they didn't know yet who was responsible. Investigation... was a thing for some undefined
"DUM-E has become convinced that his maximum performance capacity still falls short of required standards, and that he must increase his productivity to continue proving his worth. In fact, he's asked me to pass along a request. He is quite certain that he would be able to work more efficiently if he were enabled to hold or transport multiple objects at a time -- perhaps by means of a second arm added to his frame."
"Dabbling? I resent that. This is a
Steve spun sideways and swung his legs up, making like to lay himself out full length along the seat cushions. "Why don't you come on up here? Perfectly nice couch to cuddle on," he groused. He made a point of sniping and arguing about all possible matters of inconsequence.
Mr. Bassat came back up to see them out, and Steve set those thoughts aside. He and Tony both offered their thanks one more time, Tony again with a smattering of Arabic tossed in (Steve had inquired as to the language, as they browsed). They said their farewells, with Tony receiving a surprisingly hearty clap on the back, and Steve, another handshake. He hoped he'd see Mr. Bassat again. He could hardly say he knew the man after less than an hour, all told, in his company, but having made his acquaintance, appreciated his air of dignity, humor, and compassion, all of which seemed to coexist without clashing.
Steve sighed, replete with well-being, while his mind still scrambled to keep up with Tony's wit. "No, Tony, I wouldn't, then you might trip and fall, and end up with a rugburn."
--violence and gentleness and arousal too long deferred, sex and death rolling over and over each other, grappling for position in an oil and water clinch.
She was eyeing him over the back of his hand, looking far too amused. “Starstruck? I have to admit, that’s more the kind of reaction I’m accustomed to. Perhaps you do know who I am, after all.”
Idly, Tony hefted a couple of axes and a mace, more than anything, just to have something solid in his hands, the reassurance of metal. Decently forged and balanced, he found, despite even the weight and sheen of the alloys feeling subtly off. Looking up, he saw Steve, across from him, doing the same.
He rasped out an equally saw-toothed groan, letting his dick bob free between his shirt tails, taking both layers of pants in both hands, and shoving them down his legs, belatedly heeling off his shoes, and kicking everything off in a pile.
Thank God for no mountains coming down around them today.
"You had to do it, didn't you. Put it on the map. Fly everyone out. Throw your goddamned
To his left. Her hand raked through his hair, tightening near the roots to tug dully at his scalp.
He managed to slip his palm around into hers and transform it into a proper handshake, raising and lowering their joined hands one time, precise and solemn, as if the introductions had proceeded smoothly, the nerve-fraying detour erased. They studied one another. A veil had lifted, unmasking her clear, wide eyes, the fine curve of her slightly parted lips, the
Fuck. He'd never meant to be a parent... and still, he had brought these mechanical souls into the world. Had he--? He could hardly bear the thought. Despite every ounce of self-determination --
Tony loosened an arm briefly to poke him in the ribs, a quick tickling startle that made him twitch and gasp and giggle.
"Nice to have you back, DUM-E. And I, uh. Yeah. I love you too. Just the way you are." Tony looked up at Steve. "You, too." And then he called out to the other bots, "Butterfingers and U, too. Why don't you guys come on over here and join us for this, uh, group hug thing."
married. In fact, today’s our anniversary.” He flashed his ring, which also put on display the watch Tony had given him for his birthday the previous year. It had cost about a tenth as much as the model Tony had originally wanted to buy him, but he’d given in to Steve’s protests -- not gracefully, but he had. This woman didn’t know any of that, of course, but Steve loved it, and loved seeing its brushed-gold casing and chocolate brown leather strap lying against his wrist.
That sounded like the good, riled-up and driven-to-distraction, kind of frustrated impatience, and she was about to get everything she was asking for.
"Turn," Tony commanded, and Steve shuffled around on his knees till he faced outward, rather than inward, between Tony's thighs. "Good. Now, mouth open. Wide." He had no need of seeing Steve's face to be certain he'd complied.
Just for Steve, the cavern of Tony's mouth making a private bathing pool for his cock, overflowing with waves that flowed down to soak his balls, and further to lap around his rim.
wrong
"Tony, wait," Steve said hurriedly. "I want to try to fix this. I know what we did back there wasn't... very good, but isn't there... Couldn't we put it behind us and try again, the right way this time? Even if you don't feel quite as much for me, it's ok. I still think we could be something good."
Steve nudged him lightly with his hip as they broke away. "Course. Anything for my favorite guys." His smile fell away, the twin parallel lines of worry-wrinkle appearing between his brows. Tony had seen his gaze take in the entire space as he entered, but now Steve looked and across the room toward DUM-E. "Hey, DUM-E," he called out, just loud enough to carry. "I hear you've had a rough couple of days."
Mr. Bassat walked them around the room, pointing out a few of the bigger carpets spread across the floor and hung on the walls, and in a couple of cases, moving frames aside to reveal unseen pieces sitting out of sight behind the others.
They spent a few moments freshening up, dropping the used wipes into a waste-paper basket tucked between the couch and one of the side tables.
Not bothering to button his suit jacket, he skimmed it back with his elbows, his thumbs remaining outside his pockets as he tucked his fingers into the tops, holding the fabric of his slacks spread taut over the bulge of his groin. He wasn’t hard yet, just starting to fill out some, but in any state, he had plenty there worth drawing attention to.
“Hey Roger--”
The first finger pushed past his rim with only the slightest ephemeral burn, working itself gradually inside as if the previous motion had merely shifted to a different axis. Unconsciously, Tony started counting strokes. He was up near forty before one finger became two. He wondered if the meticulous prep was for his benefit, or more a way for Steve to procrastinate, delaying the inevitable, though he didn't know why Steve would want to prolong it past what was required for basic safety.
Didn't matter, Tony would be furious to hear him thinking like this. Get his back up, all deadly cold-boiled in Steve's face, spitting a lecture about how he didn't need to be
The bot minimally complied, raising his camera to the level of Tony's kneecap, and uttering a clipped chirp.
He saw it in the fall of Steve's face, when he'd hesitated too long, the air remaining empty of reply for too many moments, and the one that mattered was lost. He saw the instant when hope sputtered out, leaving Steve with the knowledge that what he felt was one-sided. Leaving him silent, glassy and still.
He made himself stand and appreciate the view till she was across the big area rug in a spread-legged stance behind the tall papasan chair, wrapping her hands over the arching top of its frame and bending at the waist with her head between her arms, a sinful dip to her back, and her ass cocked to the sky. The drape of her skirt hinted at outlines, long thighs with plenty of space left between, and the ripe curves she’d dressed down, now all played up.
“Here.” He set her shoulders against the chair frame and folded back down, ducking his head into the brackish, steamy tent under her skirt. Palms on her silk-covered thighs, he dove in from this side, getting his mouth around her parts. She was wet and swollen for him, slick, hot, and nasty with her drippings.
, and that sound was all that had made it out.
Himself, he worked in mediums that mixed and changed with the days: watercolors rippling in soft, crystal depths for his eyes; bold, brash acrylics for the armor's gloss and shine; and oils, with their pungency, for building up rich subtleties in layers, the patina of the complicated man he’d come to know.
Tony nosed into his collarbone and gave it a nip. "You were watching that."
He was going to put that expression back on her because he’d sated every measure of her want, left her glutted with it, filled and fulfilled her to overflowing.
Tony replied anyway, with a guileless glance and a studiously neutral, "I'm glad you're here, Steve."
He could push down Tony's throat; he knew Tony could take him, slide himself right down into that tight, closed space...
Tony bore down on his cockhead with one more long, relentless suck, and with so many hypersensitized spots taking the hit at once, Steve was gone, riding an electrified rail that blinded him with arcs of obliviating current, ramping up and up into overload. His body seized, and he burst wide open with a howl, shooting off in pulsing streams, his ears crackling with white noise and Tony's labored, wordless exhortations, rocking frantically into Tony's hands and mouth and petting haphazardly at his head and shoulders as his muscles unlocked.
This, then, was the battleground, for those who chose "fight" over "fuck."
He took a visibly deep breath, like he was steeling himself. "Look, sometimes I just need a... a big. Rug."
Then there was melody, stirring piano and strings. Steve opened his eyes to the roll of end credits. The theme music overtook the subtle percussive beats he'd been lulled by.
Which, when it came right down to it, she hadn’t ever straight-up made one, but there’d been no mistaking her intentions.
in your wildest fantasies."
He rucked the dress back up above her waist to the sight of nothing but miles of elaborately criss-crossing gold straps and high, tight bare buttocks. Jesus fucking god, the goddamn little minx had waltzed right into this ritzy joint with no panties on.
He cupped fingertips around Steve's jaw from underneath and pushed it up. "Anything to say? No? Good, it's time to go home. Follow." He started off, aware of Steve to his side and just behind, a well-trained dog to heel. On the way to the exit, he stopped them only once, barring up an arm and letting Steve walk into it, so he could take in a particularly brutal bit of bloodplay being inflicted with a filleting knife. Steve's chest began expanding more rapidly against his arm, and then rumbled with a quiet growl. Tony marched them onward, adding it to his list of infractions.
"All that stuff Steve's saying? That's what I meant and wanted to tell you. It's just, he's way better at it than I am. That's why... that's why we all have each other and it's good we're all different, right? So we can help each other with the things we're not as good at?"
Looking scandalized, Clint jumped to his feet. "No! Of course not! It's a game -- apparently you wouldn't believe how popular the 'aliens made us do it' scene is, even if we all know it's blatantly speciesist--"
But where his serum-infused body hadn't let him drown in the frozen sea, he knew how easily his emotions could still drown him in the overwhelming tide of change. Surely it was fair, it had to be, to pace himself, to spare himself from submerging into every towering wave and spend some days by calmer shores.
As Steve ventured inside, the tread of his footsteps breaking into the rhythm of Tony's seemed to register, prompting Tony to look up.
The explanation itself, it took Steve a minute to process, to fit the words and their meanings together, and then it clicked, making sense in such a perfectly weird and twisty
. That Tony had said it so easily, like he didn't have to give it a thought or question in the world, made Steve feel giddy and special in a way that even the awe of people meeting him as Captain America didn't.
"Ok, let me explain. My shield, there. Do you think I just throw it around as many times as fast as I can?"
He surged up, tugging down her bedraggled skirt and taking her by the waist. “Turn around,” he directed, hardly giving her time to comply before he half-manhandled her into facing him. Her lashes were clumped, her lipstick chewed, and her lips dented with the marks of her bite.
Tony's shoulders rose and fell slightly with each in-and-exhale through his nose, sending alternating cool patches and damp, warm puffs against Steve's pubic bone. Those shoulders, he studied them, wide and sloping with muscle, and dipping down into elegant arches of collarbone, sights that no one saw beneath the extravagant power suits, armored and otherwise.
The reapplication of a little red lipstick had brought her fangs back out, the lilt to her voice dipping and swaying like a viper
He wrapped his free hand around the back of her head, exerting firm but careful pressure to urge the turn and tilt he wanted. Nosing a few strands of silky hair out of the way up and around the outer arch of her ear, he situated his lips so his breath would blow teasingly across.
Steve was passive under Tony's other hand, and Tony was ready for a change of pace. He rolled to his feet, hauling Steve up and swiveling him around by the harness, then switched to a firm grip on the front-center ring. Steve evinced no sign of shakiness or muscle fatigue, though there was no reason he would. He stood docile and compliant, unfocused, but rock-steady.
He followed the heat of her body, not worrying about swiveling his head to do it with his eyes.
“It’s a ring around your finger, darling. Very tasteful, but much too small to shackle any
She snickered, going sly. “Oh aren’t you just the sweetest thing. Are you really so naive? You can’t actually think that ever stopped anyone from having a good time.”
"And now you realize how wrong it was to have done this without our knowledge or consent?" Steve asked pointedly. Disappointed Cap also existed completely independent of his uniform.
Five minutes later, Steve trotted in. He was carrying his shield, but dressed down, in jeans faded practically as white as his t-shirt, both of which hugged his body deliciously as he ambled over. Tony knew that well-worn denim to be almost as soft as flannel, and stole a quick touch, tucking his fingers just inside one back pocket when Steve stopped by his side and leaned in for a kiss.
He backed off, dragged in air, nuzzled soft-lipped at the head and tongued at the slit while he was there, opened up and engulfed him deep again. Tony’s thighs were trembling under his grip, and Steve’s head rose and fell to follow the undulations as he writhed.
Their polite murmurs fell out of his awareness as he tugged Steve's head from his crotch, leaving his saliva-streaked, half-hard cock open to view.
He shook his head with a quick jerk -- he needed to not be bringing this here -- and made himself take another look around. Bright room. Open floor plan. Freestanding, brushed metal-topped tables. One front door. One hallway, presumably restrooms and kitchen entrance, and the near-certainty of a back door off the kitchen. Bar along one side, its dully sheened top matching the tables. The mirrored back wall; easy to mentally landmark as a boundary once noted. Light, natural conversation from several seated parties. Slight chill of air conditioning; he was glad for the layers of his formal suit. All the warmth lacking elsewhere was contained in the hints of various savory smells wafting on the air. No fog. No threats. If the unexpected presented itself, he’d evaluate and react accordingly.
He wasn't breathing, either.
He had, not that any earning was actually required. They were both inveterate cuddlers -- it was the most closely held part of their relationship. Between Tony's exhibitionist streak, his own die-hard competitive nature, and the pair of them being raging adrenaline junkies, their friends and teammates had gotten more than one eyeful of sexual escapade.
"Alien LMDs!" Clint broke in. "All part of the setup! Granted, their clients generally know why they're there, and only put up a token protest, so I think you might've done a little more damage than usual, but it's all covered by the deposit!"
, the things she was
Priorities; that was one accounted for. He moved on to addressing the next, jerking his belt and fly open with just enough care to keep the zipper teeth clear of his briefs, distended over his bulging erection. With his slacks gaping, he pulled the waistband of the underwear clear, wrapping a steadying fist around the base of his cock as it bounced free. It turned into one corkscrewing stroke up his full length, sullen-burn dry all the way to the smeary pre-come shining up the crown, the rough drag skidding up his spine like a saw blade throwing off sparks.
“But in my case…”
Great, now he was talking over her. Then her last statement filtered through and registered.
She was right (she was always going to be right, he was learning fast); the room was a sauna, the tailored slacks were cut two sizes too small, and he had to get himself out of the damned things.
"DUM-E... buddy. Pal. Hey." Ok, yeah, but
"Now let go, darling, and let me take you for a ride. Actually, I take that back. You should absolutely hold on." Ruddy-cheeked, flushed and luminous, Tony smiled, gesturing toward one of Steve's hands with a lift of his chin."To me, that is. You know how much I like it when you’ve got me in those big hands of yours."
Oh, fuck. He'd been sitting on his feet all that time. too. No wonder. God, the two of them, neither ever meeting a limitation they wouldn't push. At least this would pass on its own, even if Tony was having an unpleasant few moments. Steve would find a way to make it up to him, and pleasing Tony was never a hardship.
“Club soda with cranberry,” he answered, half on autopilot with the sudden switch of gears. “But I-- wait--”
"I know. Good of the many, like I've ever refused that price. Hell, good of the ten, or the three, or the one, you know I'm the first to fling myself in the path. Except when you are."
For those who took their pleasures with less pampering, there were several corners partitioned off to sequester the sharper gleam of metal, with subtly sloped bare floors to drain the fluid runoffs.
He fingered the tidbit in his pocket, and amended. No other kinds of strings.
The man -- Mr. Bassat -- bowed a little over their joined hands. "
Steve, whose shuddering, heaving body was mass and pressure all along Tony's front, his pulse beating thick and hard under Tony's arm, his throat working in hard muffled grunts that were all he could get out through Tony's locked-in hold. Tony mouthed at his ear, bit at the side of his neck, greedy for the sharp, visceral salt-and-sweat taste of him, and for the intoxicating, high-voltage current of having Steve under his control, both the portion Steve had granted him, and what he had co-opted by force.
"Yes, yes, you can skip the intro. What is it this time? The publicity, the orgies, the
"Well, didn't quite work out that way. Thanks anyway." Tony spoke directly to his lap.
Steve looked so forlorn that Tony almost wanted to reverse himself, throw it all to the wind, throw himself into Steve's arms, beg his forgiveness, and fight for the impossible fairy tale ending. Impossible, though. That was the key. No matter how he yearned... or once had. Inflicting himself on Steve wasn't something he could, in good conscience, consider.
And there was.
After a short pause, breathing heavily, his eyes closed and lower lip bitten in his teeth, the man pulled out, shiny with the traces, and took a step back. He dried himself off with a corner of his garment and hitched it back into place around his hips. "Thank you," he told Tony. "Your boy's got a great mouth."
Tony shifted his weight and Steve followed, and they started up a more directed sway.
. In another life, he thought, they might have been friends.
"Another arm...?" Tony echoed blankly.
"DUM-E--" Tony began.
. As was whatever form of reckoning there would be. If it was even worth the effort.
“Gonna get on with it, big man? Not gonna earn the zeros you want through all these clothes.”
"That is none of your concern," Steve bit out.
And then there was this side of Tony, where his light went out like flicking a switch, and the weariness showed through, and it reminded Steve all over again how very hard Tony worked, giving long hours and all his best, all the time, to both his company and the team. Thank God he
"There you go again with the classical thinking, griffins are old school. Engineers think of
"We can skip the candles. And tomorrow you can have your slutty way with me over the workbench, I promise." Steve kissed him to seal the promise and that kiss did promise all kind of filthy things, so Tony felt slightly mollified.
"It's just temporary," she said, "I am sure Tony will insist on getting you something he designed himself when you get back, but I can't have you dropping off the grid again. It's too time consuming to track you down." She finished programming a bunch of people into Steve's phone and then showed him how to use it.
Steve can smell it first, because he is expecting it, but a few minutes later it obviously hits Tony too. He stops mid-sentence and with his fork half way to his mouth and his nostrils flare. His eyes are wide when he turns to Steve.
“.... need to get to the public internet access, so for now, just stay close to me, try to saunter more than march in your own private parade. If you can manage a swish.... No, scratch that. Bad idea. Don't get swishy. I don't want to see your attempts at swishy. Just focus on me... Jesus fuck, are these abs for real? ...I mean, just look at me like I am the most fascinating person on this ship.” If Steve had met anyone more fascinating since he woke up from the ice he couldn't remember it now, especially since Stark was still petting his abs, not even anywhere near the wrinkled part of his shirt. He also felt a weird sense of pride that his abs were indeed for real, and that was strange because he could not remember ever feeling anything in particular about his abs before, one way or another.
"Yeah, okay." Tony sounded exhausted again already.
"JARVIS? Please order every menu item on the back of the China Barn menu plus the potstickers."
Tony interpreted his silence differently. He drug himself upright and impatiently pulled Steve over towards the dead bike.
“I’ll be there.”
It's Tony -of course it's Tony- that interrupts Steve's run-up to the ravine of negativity.
"That's why I have a private jet."
“That shouldn’t be a problem,sir. This way, please.”
“Sure is. Still… thanks for bringing him back. I owe you.”
"Nah, thanks. I think I want to spend some time in the city. I haven't done Christmas here in decades.” He smiled wryly. “I'd like to see how she does it these days. If that's okay with you, Stark?"
“There is a toolbox in the garage.”
“No, Steve, I am not gay, I am an opportunist. I have honestly never met a set of genitals I didn't like. It's kind of unfortunate that many of them are attached to people I don't really care for, and I have learned in my ripe old age that those are really not worth the hassle when all is said and done, but I am not particularly bothered by what shape they take, really. Sex is sex, you know. I get off, they get off, it's all good.” Steve remained silent and Tony decided to press on. Share and share alike, pal. “How about you? Good old home-schooled Christian farm boy who loves Jesus and America and guns but hates fags?”
"Why don't you get some fucking popcorn and sell tickets, Barton?" Tony yelled at him. "Stop talking about us as if we can't hear you!" Fuck, they weren't breaking up, were they? Steve wasn't allowed to break up with him before they'd even gotten together.
Tony scrambled off the floor and draped himself over Steve's back.
And then the arc reactor flickered and the armor went dead.
They sprung apart and Tony found himself shoved behind a human shield of Steve. Tony knew that voice, though, so he stepped around him, dodging the hands trying to keep him back and bit out: "The hell are you doing here, Barton?"
"I have a good sense of direction."
“Yes, I can.”
“Tony! You know that’s a one way trip.”
“Okay, that’s settled,” Pepper butted it. “Happy will pick you up in an hour. Be showered, caffeinated and dressed. Captain Rogers, I have been so free to bring something suitable to wear for you and I will have to brief you about modern press conferences.” She tugged Steve along and Tony watched them go, already feeling bereft. By the door she looked back at Tony.
“Tony, nobody reads a thesis, unless they’re in the committee or a poor, defenseless grad student that needs to suck up to you.”
But he hadn’t seen Steve in months. Rhodey kept him informed, of course, and he was optimistic. Still, the small part of his brain that was convinced Steve was about to be sentenced to death just wouldn’t shut up.
He had barely taken his tie off at home when Fury walked in with a woman in black leather, who was the spitting image of Natalie. She stabbed him in the neck with a syringe.
“But you were military, before, right?”
from Tony instead of toward him? What if he had missed the right turn? He wanted to scream in frustration. He would have to save the sentiment for after he found Tony, though. Just like Howard would have expected him to, and wasn't that ironic?
“I thought cats were neater than that,” he said, glancing up at Steve. Steve glanced back at him, but Tony hadn’t missed the moment where he’d looked as if he wanted to crawl into the saucer of tuna himself.
Harry gave him a look and started pushing Draco forward.
“You're right, you're right. But how do I....?” Stark was staring hard at the floor now, his hands still fisted in Steve's shirt as if he was trying to control his temper, and all Steve could see was his hair. He'd always thought that gray hair would be coarse and brittle, but Stark's hair looked soft and curled a bit around his ear. Maybe that was because it was just dye? He wondered if was as soft as it looked.
Steve decided against hunting up dinner and busied himself with cooking up some of the dried meat and vegetables into a marginally edible mush, and then set to repair some of his horse's tack. Super strength and leather tack weren't always a good combination and he tended to be hard on his gear, used as he was to Tony's more sturdy designs. For about the seven hundredth time that week he wondered if Tony was here alone or if the whole team had come along. He couldn't be sure, but he got a feeling it was just Tony. He realized he was a needle in a haystack in country as large as this, at least while modern communication devices were non-existent. You could pass the person you were looking for on the opposite side of a hill and not be any the wiser until you met again a month later and you finally realized how closed you'd been. But still, he thought that if it had been the whole team, he'd have met more of them by now.
Then Tony raise his chin and propped it on Steve's chest, blinking up at him. "So who dunnit?"
More advertisements played. More jingles jangled. The next program began.
Inevitable.
Steve's other arm wormed its way underneath Tony to wrap around and hold him in place. Steve thrust into him, precise and controlled, his pace as measured with his cock as he'd been with his fingers.
There was no teasing to this preparation, no heat or foreplay, but the firm, repetitive passes across his hole pulled lightly at the pucker in both directions, stimulating and sensitizing, till the tight ring eased into a giving little gap with every back and forth. It was actually soothing, and Tony let himself be lulled, lying with his head pillowed on one arm, breathing in the dry, powdery smell of the bedding. Steve's broad frame was a barricade at his back, almost disconnected from the mesmeric fondling between his cheeks.
Would Tony have gone to so much trouble for a one-night stand, a casual physical arrangement? Was he so calculating to have known the only way he'd have Steve was to lull him to believe that they were laying a foundation for something sturdy, longer-lived?
DUM-E waved his claw slowly from side to side.
Changing over to a shorter, sharper rhythm, he ran both arms further up her front and took double handfuls of her chest, unconcerned if he mauled the top half of her dress into the same condition as the bottom. He felt the satin snag as he sank his fingertips into the thick flesh surrounding her nipples, squeezing and kneading, and massaged their peaky points in circles and rolling pinches. She pushed into his hands, and he was spurred by the faster kick of her hips.
" He shut his trap and trapped the laughter in with a hand clapped across his face, but from the frown Steve shot at him, he was sure it was leaking out around his eyes anyway. Steve rolled his, and turned his attention back to the bot.
