James had asked that he at least let Dmitri go with him but Clint had reasoned that, sure, someone might be looking to target him to get to James but there was also the fact that James himself was a target and he knew James could take care of himself but why run the risk of someone catching him on his own and outnumbering him? Even the great James Romanov couldn’t fight off ten against one. At least, Clint didn’t think he could and therefore it was better for Dmitri to stay with him. Plus, James needed someone he knew he could count on, not just any of his men.
Steve had heard about the boy but he didn’t realize he was related to Pepper. He’d seen how some of his own men had reacted to hearing about him, seeing as the family was Irish. Dugan had advised that perhaps Steve not do anything risky for a while and he had listened.
“Tony,” Pepper started, hesitating, and then shook her head. “Thanks for a lovely day. Enjoy your vacation.”
“This one here with the crazy hair and mustache is Dugan,” he said, pointing to said stick figure. “The one with no hair is Jones—“
. He could have listened to him read the ingredients in lotion for hours so long as he did it in Italian. Truth be told, he wouldn’t be too bothered if he read them in English either.
“I’m not one of them!” Tony nearly yelled and he would have jumped to his feet if he had the strength to do so. “Don’t insult me like that after what they’ve put me through.”
In the end, they compromised and James and Dmitri both refused to let Clint even leave the house until they had ironclad confirmation that at least Natalia would be there with Clint for the day. James had seen her with Loki and spoken to her privately about her own skill set and he felt
“He’s dead, Steve,” Tony said flatly and shrugged. “It’s only a painful memory.” That was a half-lie, considering he still woke up seeing it and thinking he’d find Howard standing behind him. But then he would recognize the surroundings and know that he was we safe. “Last night was amazing.”
He turned to look at James, his blue eyes tinted red. “Good, because I just got you back.”
“Welcome to the UK, love. Where we drive on the
They headed out to the car, Jones on clean up again, but the young guy supposed to be opening Steve’s door did not. He stood there at the side of the car instead. Steve gave him a withering look.
Their mob bosses went one way and Tony guided Clint the other. The tapping of a dog’s paws on the floor was new and would take some getting used to.
“What happened?” he asked, averting his eyes away from scars and almost-faded bruises on his torso.
“Speak,” Bakuto ordered.
“Of course not. It’s just the beginning.”
“I won’t push. Just... Tony?” She reached out and took his hand again. “I wish you nothing but the best.”
“Cap made us stop so he could say hi to his boyfriend,” Natasha said and Steve gave her a look that she easily ignored, sipping her tea.
Clint wiggled to look up at James, to try and read those bright grey eyes and now, several months into their relationship, he felt like he was starting to get the hang of it. “Then why do you look so sad?”
“I know,” James said quietly. It wasn’t that he didn’t think of Clint in his future as being a certainty but the worry he felt right then was overwhelming.
Bucky took it and flipped through while Steve took his time to look around now. The inside was scorched, booths melted, and the rest utterly unrecognizable. Steve felt for the people who owned this diner. This was probably their bread and butter and now whatever they had earned from it would go into restoring it or doing something else.
“You don’t seriously think of me as a little brother, do you?”
While they had been apart, Tony was constantly afraid that he would get the message that Steve was dead. That he would never see him again. That thought frightened him more than he could say. Not once had he mentioned this fear to anyone and now in the safety of the dark and with Steve sleeping soundly on him, Tony allowed himself to let go of those fears. “
Bakuto, the leader of Steve’s least favorite group, reported that business was good as usual. He dealt heavily in people-trafficking. Mostly from poor East Asian countries, promising them better lives in America where he actually brought them to be prostitutes and exotic dancers. Steve knew he’d been to a few risqué clubs in his life and he was a regular at James’ brothel but those were owned and stocked by James and his men. He knew they either offered to come or did it to pay the bills.
As much of a rush as he was in, he knew that this was all part of the test. If he passed, he would get information, if he didn’t, he wouldn’t get so much as a word. Having to yield to someone else’s demands was not his strongpoint though he had done it enough times with Gao, and she with him. He was on her territory, he would play by her rules.
He knew he didn’t really have to worry about going to a high-end establishment such as this because his meal was already paid for and if he tried to pay then
Tony gave Clint a warm smile, one that was supposed to let him know that he was listening and that he could talk about whatever he wanted to.
She stood by the door, looking at her son while he slept and then she tiptoed over to press another kiss to his golden hair and back out she went, happy with how that had gone.
When the door shut, James turned his cold glare on Steve who, to his credit, hadn’t said anything yet.
Steve didn’t speak; he wasn’t there for that. Just to watch and see what his men might be missing, what the less experienced underlings might be trying to get away with when he sent them out instead of his best men.
“Not eating?”
long yet. He knew James wasn’t the same as him, but was that really all the time he needed or did he really see this meeting as being important enough to have to deal with seeing Steve for a few hours.
“You know the mayoral candidate? Laufeyson?” Steve nodded. “Well, he hasn’t been as pliant as I would’ve liked. A few weeks ago he had Clint followed after coming to his bar to get information on me. Clint got away. Almost as easily as he did from you this morning.” The corner of James’ mouth lifted in a smirk and Steve rolled his eyes.
going to do without you here to bother me?”
When Steve was angry, just riled up from a show of disrespect or someone outright stealing from him, reason went out the window and he was all action and no talk. When it came to those he loved being in danger, however, suddenly he learned the value of careful planning and after feeling the devastation of finding the first location only to miss Tony by minutes? Well, it was safe to say he wasn’t taking any chances on that happening again.
All of these thoughts raced through Steve’s mind in nanoseconds, his eyes watching Tony’s, those big beautiful chocolate eyes.
James said in Russian, his tone lighter than Clint had heard it in a while.
“Of course,
Steve’s breathing hitched and he felt hot all over, wanting nothing more than to peel off all their clothing and have Tony bouncing on his lap but he was hurt and if not for that thought, Steve would already be in his underwear.
“Did you read the report?”
“Well then, understand it somewhere else.” Philips stepped past him. “If I read the posters correctly you get have to take your Captain to sing and dance somewhere else real soon.”
“You?” Tony wasn’t sure if that was a proper response, but he was counting it.
The soldier opened his mouth a few times, then gave a rueful smile and shook his head.
“So, you want to stay in the room you had last time? Or do you want somewhere else?” Tony asked as they pulled up outside the little window, joining the queue of cars to wait to talk to the young woman waiting there. “Steve?”
Looking around, he spotted another way across higher up. It wasn’t a proper walkway, but it would do. “Come on. Let’s go! Up!” He tugged on Bucky’s arm, getting his tired friend to follow him and they hurried up the stairs.
“I can do more than that.” She said softly. “Look over there.”
But Steve had seen another one tucked under the table. “What about this one?” It was a simple disc, with no fancy technology involved, no chance of it exploding.
Steve stopped on the edge, but the boy was swimming over to a ladder already.
Lying on his forms didn’t even strike Steve as a bad idea until the doctor in the room with him was called away by a nurse, and his eyes couldn’t help focussing on the warning sign about lying on the enlistment form. Forcing a shudder away, he began to tug his shoes back on.
“There.” He said, several hours and one meal later.
“Only very vaguely.” He shrugged apologetically. “If that staff is what Loki used to alter people’s minds then hopefully it can undo that damage too.” Maybe he shouldn’t approve of the scientists working on something other than finding the cube, but small victories along the way were appreciated.
.” There was a lever on the other side of the broken walkway, but Steve leapt over to it. “
The pack he’d collected was growing again as they weaved through the streets, so he tried out the wronski feint movement a second time flying straight towards the ground and only pulling up at the very last moment; it was satisfying to see so many of the warriors crash into the ground.
Tony patted his shoulder and headed off to the elevator as Steve shut his eyes and let his head drop onto his arm, slumping over the counter as the new information swirled around in his head.
Their attacks were blasting things on the surface, cars and buildings… He could see the movement of terrified people whenever he glanced down.
“No. All this came from that.” She said, a slight smile touching her lips as she tap a slender finger to his own arc reactor.
“I had some ideas about the uniform.” He told his guide, still staring after Peggy.
“And you have homework. A lot of homework…”
“So we have a chance that tomorrow’s dinner will be edible?” Dum Dum asked as he put down the empty bowl and sipped from his hip flask. “Oh, that helps. Here.”
” Natasha called out, which was honestly a relief to hear.
“This isn’t about personality profiles anymore.”
------
“Want to go see if Mr Johnstone is back yet?” Steve asked as casually as he could, trying to hide how scary it was to see the blood under Bucky’s fingernails as he scratched at his head.
He got to his feet and staggered over to the ladder, his strength returned as he settled back down. “Yeah. You?”
in between times if I need to.” The whole computer thing had brought about a subsection of the English language that Steve wasn’t familiar with, it was a little daunting, but he was going to try and get on top of it.
As he sat with his head down breathing carefully, a nurse came in to take his blood. He hated to scare anyone at all, especially a young dame like that, but he snarled at her, lip curling as she jolted him back out of his daydream, where he’d been anywhere else.
“They are being washed at the moment and will be returned when ready.”
Steve couldn’t help snorting at that. “You’re Captain America, not me.” He’d only seen one show so far, but it had been enough; Steve was almost glad he’d spent just five and a half weeks in a lab rather than dancing on the stage.
“How would you know if it’s- Why is he ‘Phil’?” A nickname again? The thought of them two hanging out enough to warrant nicknames was going to make him paranoid.
“He needs to come with us, Stark. Not you.” Fury said, his voice back to its usual calm drawl, but Tony twisted enough to see him glaring.
“It’s not like people have to rent landlines anymore.” He complained. “I gave him a cell phone and both a simple explanation on how to use it as well as an instruction sheet. He knows how to get in contact.” He welded the final section of pipe in place and held still as JARVIS scanned it.
“I don’t care what happens to you now. Not my problem anymore.” Philips said, before turning around and leaving.
“I’m not the one making these decisions.” He was quick to explain. “I’m simply following orders, same as you.”
“Even so, he’s devising a strategy. If he detects that-”
“I’m not overly fond of what follows.” Loki informed them, not looking entirely comfortable as the jet shuddered again.
“It’s good to meet you, Doctor Banner.” Tony greeted as Coulson gave Steve a sympathetic smile and Hill simply shrugged. “Your work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled and I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.” Fury stopped at the top of the stairs and frowned at Steve’s guide.
Rogers didn’t answer, but he was warm to touch and shaking again.
“He would have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the coulomb barrier.” Bruce looked at Steve as he spoke, and the soldier assumed that meant it needed to be super-heated to work.
“I’m Captain Rogers.” He replied, jumping down and moving over to start unlocking cages.
Rhodey snorted with laughter, putting his glass of water down before he spilt anything. “Yeah, that sounds about right. I met him at college when he got his old roommate moved to somewhere else cos they didn’t get along.”
“A nuclear deterrent?” His guide stepped forwards. “Cos that always calms everything right down.” Steve looked curiously over at Tony, sensing there was something pointed in that comment but not really knowing what it was.
“But we know about that side effect now. We… well, we aren’t sure if we’ll ever be able to drug you if you end up in pain.”
There was no solid ground…
“I-I’ll get Howard on the line. He’ll know what to do.” She sounded scared, and the thought of his guide turned Steve’s stomach; Howard had no super serum to protect him from Steve’s death. They were good friends and this was going to tear his guide in two… Steve just had to hope he’d survive.
” Pepper asked, the eager anticipation evident in her voice.
“My Dad? He died in 1989. A car crash.” His mom had died in it too; the idiot had probably been speeding on icy roads, but Tony had never read the report on it. Somehow, it still hurt; he was pretty sure he hated the neglectful bastard, but the fact that he’d lost both parents in one day was a pain he hadn’t managed to fully abate yet.
“Behind you, big guy.” He called out as he took down one warrior who had been trying to get behind the thunder wielding alien.
“I… guess?” He wasn’t really, but he’d eat if Tony wanted to.
Well, shit. Loki threw him out the window.
For a time, Steve could hear Stark count up the percentages as his whole body began to burn. The scream that erupted in Steve’s throat was unavoidable. The whole machine seemed to have him clenched in place tighter than a loose scrap caught in the clogs of the machines in the downtown factories; he couldn’t move, couldn’t even wriggle without the vice-like grip crushing him. But the scream didn’t actually work its way passed the knot in his throat until the light inside the machine burnt his eyes and his blood turned to fire in his veins. It was worse than any illness he’d ever had, worse than any asthma attack multiplied. Everything was amplified; he could smell the metal around him; he could almost taste the metallic texture on his tongue; he could overly aware of the fabric pressing against his legs, of every point where his skin touched the table; he didn’t dare open his eyes, but could easily pick out Peggy Carter’s voice, her tone commanding as she shouted for them to shut the machine off.
He headed to the back of the plane and opened the rear hatch to avoid having the god of thunder tear a hole in the vehicle.
“It’s not quite like that. If it was going to be his body, I’d need to fully move him over. This is more giving him access to a body. There are routines in place in my Iron Man suit so he can control where I’m flying, for if I fall asleep in it, but they aren’t specific enough for him to do any kind of fighting or dodging in between things, on the spur kind of stuff.”
Rogers was silent for a moment. “Your heart and… something else?” Their bond was steadying as he pressed his ear to the older man’s chest, the blinding panic receding as he listened.
He moved lightly along the corridor, his hearing tweaked to detect any slight noises as he followed the directions; not that he thought he was in any danger here, but everything was a little too unfamiliar for him to be comfortable.
“Huh….” He shifted enough to stare out the window at the blue sky dotted with soft, white clouds.
“They’re basically full body suits of armour. I don’t mean like knights in old stories, but like deep sea divers who go into the water, or the astronauts who went to the moon. It covers everything and can be made airtight.”
“You located the Tesseract?” Thor asked and Steve turned to look properly, trying to figure out what was going on. He was sure that he would appreciate modern technology when he got used to it, but the way everyone else gave it their full attention was a little annoying. He preferred the war table they had had a few months, but really so many years, ago.
“Right.” He murmured as his visuals turned red to indicate hostiles. “Army.”
Steve sat up. “I’ve heard of her. She had a song, Sentimental Journey, which was real good.”
“I don’t want to talk to him.” He really should drop this grudge as Steve had agreed to leave when Fury had turned up to collect him several weeks ago, but he was nothing if not stubborn.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny.” Steve pointed out, annoyed that this even needed pointing out. “No offense, Doc.” He added to Bruce.
“Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilise the quantum tunnelling effect.” Tony pointed out, as though this should have been obvious.
Bucky laughed, settling back into his usual, relaxed state. “Yeah. There was stuff on fire, but I’m not real sure what he was trying to do.”
Steve chuckled slightly. “We won.” He nodded to the fallen bodies of the Chitauri that surrounded them, which he had seen falling as he himself had lost consciousness from the pain.
“I hope so.” Then he hesitated slightly, a question coming to mind that he wasn’t sure if he should ask. “Can I… if it’s okay to ask, why is Colonel Philips angry with me? I only spoke to him the once and I didn’t give a smart answer back.”
“I… wouldn’t consider him a role model.” JARVIS sounded nervous, as he sometimes did when Tony was about to do something truly idiotic… or in this case heroic – he hoped.
He hastily spotted some wiring and grabbed it, praying fervently that the gloves he wore would keep his grip and wouldn’t be his downfall. He slid a little as he heard the rotors of the nearby engine start up and Tony’s voice called out “
“Are you quite finished, Mr Stark?” Peggy's sharp voice cut off Steve’s reply, but he turned to her anyway. “I’m sure the Captain has some unfinished business.”
” Natasha sounded tired as her voice came over the comms.
------
“Aw, hell.” He muttered, using his enhanced strength to bend the metal railings back. He had to try something if Bucky was just going to stay there.
“Banner?”
“Fine. We’ll head over eventually.” He signally Jarvis to hang up as he headed over to the elevator. “I’m gonna go do some work, Jay. Let me know when he wakes up.”
“Not all of them.” He answered with a wry smile. “I used the meat from those rabbits we got and the last of the powder we got back in France.”
“Jay? Ask Fury what they are doing out here?”
Steve understood what he meant. People normally had a test at about eleven or twelve to see if they were a guide or sentinel and it was real rare for these abilities to develop later than fourteen or fifteen; Steve had developed his guide senses at the age of eight, in response to Bucky’s sentinel abilities, but he never did get tested. He’d been too sick to go to school when they visited his class when he was eleven.
“Yeah, this is a team.” Bruce muttered, and Steve glanced over as Tony rubbed his eyes. The anger that had fogged his mind was starting to clear, at last.
“Good luck. I’ll see you around.”
“The Second World War? Yeah, in 1945. There have been other wars since then, but I decided a few years ago that building more powerful weapons to blow people up? There are too many ways that can go wrong.” Discomfort and remembered pain and fear echoed along their bond, but Steve was busy fighting his own sinking feeling.
Resisting the urge to make a smart comment in return, Tony nodded. “Yeah, back to the tower with me.” And a smile quirked at his lips when Happy simply nodded his head and began to edge their way through the streets, leaving an irate Nick Fury behind.
“And that makes you a good man.” Steve insisted quietly as a loud whistle rang through the camp.
Thor’s arms were crossed over his chest, but he scowled at Fury’s words. “Me?”
“What?”
“And training lasted so long… I kind of stopped thinking about it.” He shrugged. Bucky had been training for nearly nine months; his best friend had really enjoyed it but he hadn’t left New York yet. Now, Bucky was leaving the country to go fight… and possibly die.
Tony’s face twisted. “It’s not really important right now.”
Steve raced through the rain to stand before Colonel Philips, forcing himself to stand as tall as he could at 5’4’’. “Colonel Philips.”
There was no time. Clenching his fists, he began to run, knocking Hydra soldiers out the way when they came for him, but he soon cleared most of the fighting to find he was too slow to catch up.
He was hustled back to London, though he could remember none of the journey. He sat and thought of all the ways Bucky could have survived, the thought that he had landed on a ledge and was waiting for Steve to come get him.
“Still, you’re pretty spry for an older fellow.” Tony teased, trying to soothe his sentinel’s feelings without really having any idea of how to reassure someone; it wasn’t something he often tried to do. “What’s your thing? Pilates?”
“Yes, we are.” He assured her, before turning back to his friend. They stared at each other a moment before the sentinel began to back away. “Don’t do anything stupid till I get back.”
Steve smirked as he tried to recall. “Showing off to those dames at the front, I think. I remember a lot of winking cos I thought he had something in his eye.”
“Get me as close as you can.” He replied to his guide before shifting to address the woman before him. “You two are gonna be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
“We should be able to drop you right on the doorstep.” Stark called back, most of his attention on flying the plane.
“Yes, and people objected to the idea that some monkeys could reach the spiritual realm when there are so many mundane people in this world who can’t.” She gave a sad smile, and Steve remembered that she was one of those mundane people. Now that Bucky was gone, he could tell her that he never had been; Bucky couldn’t be arrested for lying now that he was dead.
“I think I’ll feel better once I’m back into my routine of working and planning and training.” Clint said simply, and Steve nodded.
“Put on the suit.” Steve commanded, now aware that they had something else to focus on.
“I’m not saying I want him to ring and update me on everything.”
Steve noticed an increase in Thor’s concern, both seeping into the air and on his face. “He’s a friend.” Thor said, which explained the strong emotions. Steve wasn’t bonded to the aliens in either a light or a true bond, that combined with what Fury had described to him as natural shielding to a guide’s
He headed into the workshop, running his spare hand over Dum-E’s arm in greeting. “They told me where their helicarrier is?” That was surprising. Fury was normally very secretive about stuff like that.
“I should probably look into that once my decryption programme finishes breaking into all of SHIELD’s secure files.” Tony stated as he wandered around the desk to join Steve.
“I heard it.” Steve nodded. He’d heard the whole conversation on the screen in the table.
“As who? Steve from Ohio?” Bucky’s anger lit up their bond, but Steve suddenly realised that it was hiding fear. “They’ll catch you; or worse, they’ll actually take you!”
Fury sighed but actually deigned to reply. “A team found him a week ago, frozen in the ice. We did have him in a room designed to look like a wartime hospital for when he woke up, but he figured it almost straight away.”
.” Barton informed him.
Steve looked to where she pointed in the sky and spotted the little plane. He focussed carefully, and grinned as he spotted the Stark Industries paint on the side. “Stark!” He wanted to see if he could spot his guide through the window, but decided it was better to wait. He didn’t want to make himself sick before he even left for Bucky.
Fury scowled fiercely, but his gaze never left the soldier he was trying to calm. “Not now Stark. I’m a little busy.”
“Stark. You are still keeping to your own quest?” Thor checked as he smashed a guy in the face with his hammer, sending him flying.
Steve took a moment to collect himself, stunned at how perfect something so simple could be.
.” Barton muttered as Steve interrupted. “
“Do you hear me, is this on?” Erskine spoke into a microphone to amplify his voice for the people in the observation booth. Steve began counting his breaths. “Ladies and gentlemen, today we take not another step towards annihilation, but the first step on the path to peace.”
“Come on.” Tony murmured to him, sometime later, wrapping an arm around his waist and half carrying him back to the car.
He flew higher up to keep a watch on the perimeter, only needing to stop a handful of Chitauri on his way to Thor, who was steadily working his way through the large group surrounding him.
“You got somewhere you want to go, or are we heading home?” He raised his voice and twisted his head to press his lips against the kid’s ear to make sure he was heard, still held tightly against him as he listened to Fury’s words, but he chose not to respond to them.
“Huh… Did it hurt?”
He slid out the car, attaching his shield to his back as he carefully edged his way to the front of the car and, just before the end of the runway, he jumped and scrambled inside.
“If it’s all the same to you, I’ll have that drink now.” The alien said heavily as he lifted his eyes to meet his brother’s gaze.
Tony’s anxiety pulsed slightly, and Steve wondered if there was a problem with it. “Just waiting for Pepper to get some stuff sorted with that, then I need to do some work under the water with pipelines and voila! It’ll be sorted.” If Steve hadn’t been able to feel his concern at the mention of going under the water, he would have been completely fooled by the easy smile on Tony’s face; it was a near perfect mask of confidence.
“Is this about the Avengers? Which I know nothing about…” Pepper asked, her voice curious but Tony knew she had mixed feelings about the initiative. She liked the idea of having a specialised group to handle threats, but she didn’t like Tony being a part of it in case he got hurt because he apparently had the self-preservation skills of a lemming.
Thinking about them in an office well-lit by natural light was less overwhelming, but it still hurt. In the silence that Doctor Foster was letting continue, he turned his attention back to the painting of the screaming man as he considered the idea of the artist being separated from someone he loved.
Tony scoffed, opening the folder as he headed over to his desk. “The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought… and I didn’t even qualify.”
Steve half wondered if Tony only did it to get a reaction as Fury strode around the table. “Doctor Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him.”
“He gives up the cube, he’s all yours.” He retorted, aware of his mission and how important it was to get the tesseract away from any possible threats. “Until then, stay out of the way.” He slid down the plate, stepping back as he prepared to head back to Loki’s last location. “Tourist.” He grumbled, unable to resist a final dig at the guy.
“First time we’ve come away without rescuing animals.” Dum Dum spoke up, snorting as Steve jokingly punched his shoulder.
“Yes please.” Steve grinned and tugged over the side table as Erskine took out the thin, bright red dominoes and laid them out flat. He was awful at playing cards with the other men because they could always tell when he was lying, but he enjoyed playing dominoes in the quiet with a man who had looked at him and seen something more than anyone else ever did.
“What? Did you stop for drive-through?” He asked, but the spare chunk of his attention had gone to the flood of Steve’s feelings he could feel along their bond now that the super soldier was in close enough range for their young bon to share. “Swing up Park. I’m gonna lay ‘em out for you.”
Tony’s hand were warm as they settled in Steve’s hair and pulled him back to press against his guide. “Didn’t think so.”
“H-” Rogers croaked, before swallowing and trying again. “How’d.”
“You think he’s looking for our Captain?” Jim asked, the subtle hint of irritation in his voice echoed in the movement of the others as they cast a concerned look at Steve.
“Yes sir.”
“Thanks.” Steve nodded, mixing the broth in his bowl to get to the lumps.
“Dum Dum? Hold this position.” Steve gave his orders quietly, but the man nodded and headed over to the door. The room they were in had a toilet and an old tin bath in, with a drain on the floor that emptied into the tunnels they had just left. There were no windows, and there was only one door. If necessary, the bottleneck would keep him safe.
“Work hard.” She replied, before pointing a finger over at the food that was covered over on the table, waiting for them. “So, any chance you’re driving by LaGuardia?” she asked Coulson as she turned and headed towards him, reaching down to snag her shoes from beside the couch.
“Those sheep looked delicious.” Gabe complained quietly, but as much as Steve loved meat, he wasn’t up to killing the animals himself. While his guide senses had never been able to account for animals, he still liked them and always chose to release them into the wild. Maybe dead in the wild was better than definitely dead or experimented on by crazed Nazi scientists, if you asked him.
“Yeah, I guess.”
“You didn’t come here because I bat my eyelashes at you.” Natasha stated confidently, but Bruce was getting agitated.
“My suit just needs a jumpstart.” Tony said, his head hanging down as he clearly fought a yawn. “How delicate can you be with that thing?” He added to Thor, looking curiously at the lightning hammer.
“I’m okay.” He insisted, staggering to his feet with Bucky’s help. “Come on.” He moved towards the stairs, keeping pace with Bucky as they hurried through corridors and out a hole in the wall.
“Jerk.” Steve grumbled, but he pressed into the embrace, aware that Bucky was likely to end up petting his girl half the night and leave no time to say goodbye before he shipped out. “Be careful. Don’t win the war till I get there.”
He grimaced. “Can we speed things up?” he asked.
He tapped into the few notes they had on Loki linked to a file on Thor of Asgard, there wasn’t much in there, but it included notes that apparently they didn’t have sentinels and guides on Asgard. The thought that these ‘gods’ could be counted amongst the mundane was an interesting idea, but that meant it really was the spear that let him control people.
Steve laughed a little bitterly. “Only one guy who was ever both, but he wasn’t just a guy.” After all, the church taught that Jesus had been a guide and a sentinel, but he had been able to balance himself out, instead of needing a bond with others to keep him right. Steve was a guide and a sentinel, but he still needed a guide to help him when he tried to focus in on little things, someone to keep him connected to his own body. Most guides didn’t need a bond in the same way sentinels did, which was fortunate because there were more guides than sentinels. However, some apparently lost themselves in the spiritual world and struggled to return without a bond to a sentinel to pull them back.
“Go enjoy your two minute shower.” Tony rolled his eyes and Steve laughed as he left. Tony had mocked him several times over the week for how little time he took to get clean.
“There’s a base about thirty miles over enemy lines. They have prisoners, including my best friend.” He explained, using their bond to get across how serious he was about this. “I just need dropping off close enough to get there.”
Steve laughed. “I don’t mind Cooper, but his guide, Jonathon Stanley is the one I struggle to be okay with.”
” Natasha objected as the leviathan smashed through several more buildings despite Tony’s efforts to give it a better turning circle.
Steve laughed again but went back to picking through the dirt. Bucky was just over two years older than him, but they’d been friends for ages; Steve had been born a few months after Bucky’s sister, Joan, so their moms had always been around each other back then. Steve’s dad had died just before he was born, from some injury he’d gotten in the Great War; Steve wasn’t real sure what the injury was, but the sight of his ma crying was scary enough that he’d never asked more than that one time.
“You need to step away!” Fury stated, and Steve felt a hint of concern ripple through him, at odds with the blinding anger that had been there moments before.
He hadn’t really expected to survive the war, but now he wondered what had happened in the end; he should have asked Mr Jarvis. Everyone he’d come across was speaking English, so they had probably won, or so he hoped. But even so, maybe after so much time, people simply got on with their lives, no matter who was in charge.
She didn’t look impressed. ‘
” Fury informed them over the ear pieces, and Steve felt both his own jolt of pain, and a deeper one that had to come from Tony.
“Well, you said you guys hadn’t had any time to yourselves, so I mentioned it to some people.” He shrugged simply, watching as all the Howling Commandos huddled together. “I have a car, but you’re gonna have to sit on top of each other.”
“We’re following the river.” Steve pointed out as he stood up and stretched his legs. “Unless Hydra are hiding their own bases from themselves then it’ll be there.”
“Steven.” The man welcomed warmly. “You look the part.”
Besides which, he had a full bond with a heart-stoppingly gorgeous young man; he wasn’t going to try for another relationship with Pepper when his thoughts were filled with someone else. Steve was both smaller and younger than what he usually went for in guys, but Tony couldn’t deny the slender form was well built; when he’d first brought the kid to the tower and dressed him in dry clothes, Tony’s own t-shirt had been a little baggy around his trim waist, but had stretched beautifully over muscled shoulders and firm pecs. Tony had barely gotten a chance to see if the personality matched up on a day to day basis as he refused to judge someone on their behaviour just after they woke up in the future to find everyone they knew was either dead or well on their way there. He was still a little pissed at Fury’s insistence that the kid should go back to SHIELD the moment their bond began to settle, only two weeks after they had met. He was going to give it another few weeks then see if he couldn’t talk Steve into coming back, because no one should have to live in housing provided by SHIELD when there were alternatives.
“Best do that before I fall asleep. Those seats sure are comfortable.”
“What do you mean?” Bucky asked, stepping closer to his guide and he watched the two men whisper to each other.
“We didn’t come across any trace of Schmidt.” He explained stiffly, still on high alert as he listened for enemy soldiers. “Once we found Erik, we headed back. It was real quiet.”
“We had discussed it in depth on numerous occasions if you want…” her voice was soft, but she was looking at him with those gentle eyes… Maybe it was better to let her talk; he was less likely to end up shouting that way.
“I thought the beast had wandered off.”
“Comics?” Steve enjoyed comics, but all he’d read since the experiment were the H G Wells books that Stark had left for him.
“Mr Stark.” Peggy greeted him, but Steve still wasn’t ready to let go. It had been months since he’d last seen his guide.
“Seeing. Still working on believing.” He’d never been a fan of the horror genre, but he didn’t think anything could compare to this. “Where’s Banner? Has he shown up yet?”
“Steve’s down that way, trying to evacuate people so we need to move this elsewhere.” Because Steve would have dropped himself in where the most people were in an attempt to save as many of them as possible.
A wave of exhaustion suddenly washed along their bond as though the kid had only just realised how tired he was.
“Have care how you speak.” Thor objected, straightening up as he glared at the scientist. “Loki is beyond reason but he is of Asgard and he is my brother.”
Steve couldn’t help the blush that spread over his cheeks; he wasn’t used to praise. “Thank you.” He looked up at the older man, and gave him a soft smile. “I think you’re a good man too.”
“I’ve come here to put an end to Loki’s schemes.” Thor claimed.
“Right.” No time for romance, no matter what he had read in his stories. Grabbing his shield, he ran into the hanger bay, where the Valkyrie was moving and soldiers were fighting.
“So, it flies?” Steve prompted, willing to move on; they had known each other for less than two weeks, so of course the engineer wouldn’t want to give out such critical information to him.
But it was nearly an hour later, while he was talking to Officer Harrison that Tony contacted him to say they were going for shawarma. He checked that everyone knew what they were doing before heading out, leaning heavily against the side of the elevator for the short ride.
“I have an army."
Pepper twisted to smile at the agent before standing up, saying “Phil, come in.” And Coulson stepped out the elevator as Pepper made her way over to him, her long, bare legs seeming a tad inappropriate when facing a guy in a bland suit… though he’d never admit it because Pepper didn’t need him to fight battles that weren’t even battles outside his own head; he did sometimes get a little protective of his circle, but for a CEO, an air force colonel and a bodyguard, they weren’t always great at looking after themselves.
Tony was quiet for a moment. “Huh. My last therapist reminded me of Doris Day; kind of annoying and she always looked like she was about to burst into song.”
Hopping down to stand beside Tony, he pressed a hand to his shoulder, aware that he probably couldn’t feel it through the armour but needing the contact anyway.
“You aren’t really.” Steve shrugged as he tugged his bowl closer in case someone tried to tidy it away before he’d finished eating. “You’re more Captain America than I am.”
Soon enough, they were heading back. Falsworth had taken one more photograph of them with Cooper in front and Erik half hidden between himself and Bucky as they carried the lad between them, his ankles badly damaged from the ropes.
“Mr Stark does not usually entertain guests here. The few who visit often have their own rooms.”
Bruce shook his head. “I don’t think we should be focussing on Loki. That guy’s brain is a bag full of cats; you could smell crazy on him.” But Steve disagreed. Maybe he was crazy, but he was still dangerous and he clearly had a plan.
Steve stared into his sentinel’s eyes for a long moment, trying to find his voice again; to explain that they’d been a team since he’d first laughed at Bucky slipping in the mud near Dyker Heights Park then called a truce on their play fight in favour of getting back before dark so his Ma didn’t smack his backside for breaking the rules again. He wanted to explain that he wasn’t sure how their bond would do, that they’d never actually been so far away from each other and the very idea was making his stomach churn.
“No, wait.”
“Making them into magnets.”
“Captain America.” A man called out, his German accent curling around the title. “How exciting. I am a great fan of the films.”
.” She laughed. “
Steve held still, unsure what to say. It seemed crazy to think he might get to do something useful.
Bucky was shaking his head, but getting to his feet anyway. “It’s only fun until we get caught. Then he drags us to Father Peterson and I feel real bad.”
He looked up into the perplexed face of Howard Stark. “What?” He croaked, but coughed before he could get any other words out.
The blond man snarled in response “You have no idea what you’re dealing with.” But the tone made Tony wonder if he was a half feral sentinel, still capable of speech; even though he knew that Asgard didn’t have sentinels and guides, he wondered if they had some version of something similar because he didn’t quite feel like a perfectly in control mundane to Tony’s guide sense, but he’d never been very in tune with people anyway (regardless of the stereotypes that painted guides as empathic people persons).
His guide nodded. “I have flight and my repulsors seem to be working, but I’m not sure about anything else.”
But his words alerted the soldier to Tony’s presence and the inventor found himself staring into a pair of incredibly blue eyes; they’d be beautiful if they weren’t half crazed.
“Steven?” Erskine’s voice was a comfort to hear and Steve latched onto the man’s presence.
“Sniff away, Steve. I’m not gonna be fresh, but can’t be as bad as this.” His guide was in distress, which was keeping his own senses focussed, but at least these were all dead. Steve’s guide abilities had increased with the experiments that Erskine and Stark had done, but they’d never tested those limits because Steve had never told anyone he was a guide; but Bucky knew he had an awareness of everyone in the vicinity, and he could tell when someone died… which was not a great thing to learn while in the middle of a war.
------
“You don’t get into fights often?” He looked up at Tony, taking in his hair and posture… the man was an engineer rather than a soldier, so maybe he didn’t have to do battle too often.
“Right.” Bucky’s anger had gone, replaced by a misery that was almost worse. “Cos you got nothing to prove.”
“Brooklyn. You?” He asked, relieved that they were at least starting with an easy question.
“I- I don’t suppose we’ll ever know.” He stuttered out, staring wide eyed at the glass in his hand.
“Feeling better?”
“No. You spent more than half a century napping in the ice!” Stark was leaning over him, but Steve stood his ground.
“I can’t believe we’re coming in through the sewers.” Gabe grumbled softly as they shuffled through the tunnels.
“No sir. The suit is sealed, but I believe there is a fault in the removal mechanism that got tangled.”
“JARVIS has been running it since I hit the bridge. In a few hours, I’ll know every dirty secret SHIELD as ever tried to hide.” The guide slid his glass screen into his pocket and held out his bag to his sentinel. “Blueberry?”
“Why? For believing?” Steve challenged.
” Someone replied.
“Find someone to mention it to anyway. If Fury is putting you back into active service then he would probably prefer you in darker colours.”
“I’ll come back. You know I will. And who knows, once you get food on a regular basis then maybe your health will improve too.” It was the silver lining Bucky had been pointing out since he’d decided to join the army; he would be getting fed every day, so he could send Steve his pay check and Steve would get to eat every day. With the extra energy that came from food, Steve could exercise more and his overall health would improve. The young guide wasn’t convinced that it would work, but it was too late now; Bucky was going and he didn’t want to ruin that hope.
"Bruce?" Steve asked, poking his head around the corner. "Is everything okay here?"
Despite this, Tony always seemed a little distant. Sometimes he would zone out and the happy mood he'd had before would be gone within seconds. Sometimes his chatty self would make way for a silence no one seemed to be able to get him out of. At times he stayed in his room and barely even came out at all. Whenever Steve asked if something was wrong, Tony would either get mad (which was something Steve never wanted to see again), or he'd just break down completely. But Steve never managed to figure out what it was. But he didn't want to push, so he decided it was better if Tony came to him with it on his own.
you either have to do it again, of, in case that's not possible, do the dare someone gives you."
"Don't forget to breathe, kid," Tony said with a completely straight face, which only made Peter laugh harder. And, to be fair, Steve's face was hilarious.
"Like shit,"
Tony looked lost again, so Peter slowed down.
"Well, Steve," Clint chimed in happily once Tony had calmed down again. "Seems to me you have to do it again, right?"
"Ah, Mr. Parker," Tony greeted him with a smile, standing up from the couch he had been seated in.
"Oh, it's 'Stark' now, isn't it?" Tony said in a humorless laugh. "As soon as things no longer go the way you want them to-"
He got dressed in record-time, running down the stairs to grab his shoes, ending up hopping on one foot, trying to get a shoe on the other, all the while pressing an apple between his teeth.
"Good," was his short reply. Bruce turned his questioning gaze to Steve, who confirmed Tony's reply with a short nod.
"Steve," Tony croaked out, happiness flooding his system. Before he knew what he was doing, he'd attacked Steve in a hug, gripping him tightly. Once he realized what he was doing, he quickly stepped back, embarrassment flushing his cheeks. "Scuse," he apologized. Steve laughed and pulled him back in.
"Great," Happy mumbled before closing the black-tainted window separating the two compartments. Once it was closed, a small smile appeared on his face. "Oh Tony," he mumbled softly. "You better hold onto this one,"
"Guilty as charged,"
"That- that's okay," he replied softly, shooting the captain a smile. "I realize he doesn't sleep well usually, he might catch up on some sleep this way."
"Hey, now, look," Clint protested immediately. "Just because I almost got blasted to smithereens today-"
dad, but that's just my opinion, of course. Anyway, I'm- I'm not your son, sir. I, uh..." Peter seemed to be at a loss on how to get himself out of the hole he'd dug himself. Tony stared at him for a moment before bursting out laughing. Peter seemed taken back at first but was soon giggling along.
"Hi," he responded quietly.
Steve gave a long sigh, rubbing his forehead.
under his breath as he clung to her. She gently rocked him back and forth as he cried, stroking his back and gently playing with his curls.
"No, I'll get them myself," and with that, he descended down the stairs to the lab.
Steve nodded and started coaxing Tony into standing up, who complied with a small whine of pain. While the three bullies stomped off with poisonous glares sent Tony's way, Peggy fixed her softened gaze upon her nephew who was desperately trying to hold in his sobs of shock and pain.
bombs. Every time something went wrong, it was because of bombs. A bitter chuckle filled the comms.
When she had found her nephew in his room, pulling off the mask of the one and only Spider-Man suit, well... To say she was angry would've been an understatement. But more than that, she was scared. Her nephew, her sweet, sweet boy, was running around in the dead of night in New York City, stopping crime and fighting bad guys- it didn't help with the stress. She knew he had been sneaking out, she's not too old to hear Peter bump his head at least ten times every night, and of course, she had imagined what he would be doing in the dark, every idea even crazier than the last. But she hadn't expected her nephew to be an underaged super-spider.
Stay safe!
"Sassy, much," he mumbled before shaking his head and continue his route through the halls, Steve following closely behind. Peter stayed in the kitchen, trying very hard to be casual and ending up knocking over a coffee cup. "You too, Underage," Tony shouted back to the kitchen. Peter quickly straightened up from his leaning position against the counter, maybe a bit too fast and knocking over the cup again.
"Steve," Peter answered immediately. "Cap, never have I ever kissed a boy,"
"Tony," Steve said, his throat dry. "Tony, I'm so sorry-"
"No. No, no. No, too loud. Troppo forte. Too loud."
go..." he said sleepily. Steve smiled.
"I'm Tony. I don't remember shit, and I'm very confused. Think you can help me out?" Tony asked casually. Peter gave a wet laugh.
"By his father?" Steve just nodded. He knew Bruce understood, more than any of them. Bruce muttered a shaky "oh, God," under his breath, covering his mouth with his hand as he looked down. Even Natasha, usually so unreadable, had a sad look on her face. She gently rubbed Bruce's arm, knowing this news hit close to home. None of them wanted to see their new friend suffering and the news was hard to take. Surprisingly, Clint stood up first.
..." His voice turned to a whisper as he begged for his lover to respond. But Tony's eyes remained unseeing, his chest remained unmoving and his heart remained still. Blood was still pouring from the wound in his chest, soaking Steve's clothes. But Steve didn't notice. All he saw was his love, his everything, unmoving and unresponsive in his arms. Steve was sure he was screaming, but he heard no sound. He could feel arms trying to pull him away, trying to take him away from Tony, but he resisted, holding Tony's limp body in his arms. He was shaking, tears running down his face in waterfalls.
"He didn't-" he cut himself off, not trusting his voice to finish.
he knew the answer he'd get.
"Hi," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. He stood awkwardly in the doorway, fiddling with the hem of his slightly oversized shirt and the loose threads from his cast. Steve mutely patted the bed next to him, and Tony quickly crossed the room to sit down. They were silent for a while, neither of them knowing what to say. Tony was tense and silent beside him, so Steve decided he should speak up.
Last chapter before the big finale! Sorry this took so long, I had been busy binge-watching Doctor Who (wow what a good excuse, Deborah!) (yeah, I know, right!). I'm afraid the next one will come even later, I'm going on vacation to France (maybe even Spain! Whoo, still not outside of Europe, but okay. That day will come c:) so the last chapter will probably come in, I dunno, 4 weeks? Sorry! Enjoy this one!
"Hey," the boy said, his voice way too cheery for the first day of school. And a boarding school, no less.
(He decided not to tell him about the nightmares he had in that single night, wanting to just go
"What's that?" He asked.
Bruce couldn't help but laugh at the kid's excitement.
"Tony, your accent doesn't make you dumb. You haven't been speaking English for too long, things like these take time."
"...Steve?" Tony asked after a while, his voice still hoarse and painful.
Peter was standing in the middle of the lab, facing the wall with his back towards Steve and his right arm outstretched. Tony was standing behind him, pointing at something Steve couldn't yet see. He had apparently been talking to Peter because the teenager nodded and Tony stepped away. Peter took a deep breath, followed by a small movement of his outstretched arm and the target that he had apparently been aiming for falling on the ground. Peter and Tony apparently weren't satisfied as they both nodded without saying a word, Peter taking something off his wrist and handing it to Tony who put it on the workbench. They both bent down over it, examining it. They talked softly to each other and both fiddled with it, working perfectly together.
"Please," he said politely, although with his accent it sounded more like 'plies'.
"Wow, impressive," he mumbled.
"Um, well, I think my dog is sick. She's been acting strange since this morning, and she refused to eat..." he trailed off when he found his breathing pick up, suddenly becoming hyper-aware of the fact that there was something
"Okay," he smiled. He didn't say anything else, but Bruce decided that was just a matter of time. Problem was that just patience wasn't Bruce's strongest suit.
even. His voice was weak and every now and then he was coughing painfully, a hand rubbing at his arc reactor.
, let me in." He was not too proud to say that he begged. Tony had been in the workshop for two days straight, which wasn't exactly long for the genius billionaire. What worried Steve this time more than others, was the fact that JARVIS had told him about Tony's rising temperature. Steve was aware of Tony's screwed up immune system, and he was a little more concerned about the man's self-worth (or lack thereof) than usual.
Steve sobbed as he pulled the prone body closer to him, trying to keep some of the warmth from escaping Tony's body completely. He knew it was in vain, he knew it was too late. But he didn't want it to. He didn't want to think about living on without Tony there, without his warmth, his mirth, his stupid jokes that still managed to make Steve laugh. But paramedics still pulled him away, took Tony from his hands and covered him up, pushing away the growing crowd. Steve sobbed uncontrollably, his legs feeling weak and his heart feeling like it was going to give out. Clint wasn't doing much better beside him, and even Nat's eyes were filled with tears, her face pale. She pulled him in close, holding Clint's hand as well to show support and to ground him. Steve tried to pull away as he screamed at the paramedics to give his Tony back to him. But Nat forcefully pulled him back, looking him in the eyes.
Thanks again for all the amazing feedback, it means so much! Make sure to check out my accounts on Wattpad (MarvelBishes) (Starker4Life) and my Stony one-shots that I have here on ao3 too.
"What was that about?" He asked his mentor, causing the latter to sigh and rub at his eyes again.
"Sì!" He said happily. "E Peter, e Nat, e Bucky..." he summed up. Bruce let out a breathy laugh when he realized the misunderstanding. "... e Thor... But he a bit loud. But he nice to me. E Sam give me food!"
Steve immediately started yelling through the comms but Peter was frozen. He looked into the distance where he knew his mentor was, currently fighting for his life. He didn't know how much time passed, it all seemed to go so fast, but at the same time, it was as if everything was moving in slow-motion.
"Yes, he'll be here tomorrow!"
E Italiano: and Italian
Have a great day or night, take care of yourself, and I'll see you in the next chapter :)
Tony's slightly puffy eyes looked directly into Steve's, trying to detect any hint of a lie. When he found none, his eyes filled up with fresh tears and he dissolved back into sobs.
"Mr. Stark, don't go in!" Peter exclaimed, just barely dodging a random loose robot-arm one of the metal creatures had thrown at him in clear desperation.
"Anyways," Tony continued once he was positioned comfortably. "They pumped me full of drugs, so I'm practically useless and thinking takes ten times as long."
"I have to see him," he said hoarsely before walking towards Tony's room. Steve understood. Tony and Clint had grown close in the past few weeks as Tony had him wrapped around his finger within no time with his bright smile and sparkling Bambi eyes, his messy curls and his innocence. Bruce silently followed after the archer, who was kneeling next to Tony's bed, playing idly with his curls. Bruce sat down on the bed, resting a hand on the sleeping boy's knee. Natasha took a seat beside him as Steve remained in the doorway. Bucky came to stand beside him, his hand on his friend's shoulder in silent comfort.
wanted it to change. He longed for the day he would see him again, although he knew his work here wasn't done yet. For as long as he could, he did what he knew Tony would've wanted. He changed the world, together with the Avengers and everyone willing to join.
"Hi," he said softly.
"Hey," he greeted. "Was Spanish good?"
"Look, I'm not gay, alright? I'm Bi. That's something different. Right?"
One, Tony Stark had given Peter a proper suit, that, unlike his onesie, was able to protect him. The AI noticed things when Peter didn't and the stronger web shooters were safer for slinging high up than his own home-made ones.
"Aye, me too!" Thor boomed happily, laying his last card on the pile. Clint spluttered, looking from the pile to his full hands.
"Love?" He repeated. Tony nodded.
"Oh, Tony," Steve soothed, his heart clenching at the sight of his friend in pain. It was enough to break the dam as the tears silently rolled down Tony's face.
"Hi," Steve greeted back with a grin before he sobered up. "Care to come in?"
"Tell him what?" Steve asked in return. "I don't even know what to call... Whatever it is Tony and I have, let alone explaining it to a 15-year-old. No, I think Tony and I have to figure out what we are before letting the kid know,"
friends," he said with a smile. "We've been dating for four months now."
"Alright next, please," Steve practically begged. Nat gestured to the deck of cards.
"Oh, so I make the team unstable. Is that it?" Tony sneered, trying to hide the hurt blooming in his chest. He thought Steve would be different.
"I actually kinda like it," Steve tried. Tony just stuck out his tongue as he moved away. Steve just chuckled, accepting defeat.
I am not dead, surprise!
"I think principal Fury will get you one. Now let's go to class, okay? We don't want to be late."
Once Peter had calmed himself down enough to properly walk out of the elevator, F.R.I.D.A.Y opened the doors, revealing the big living space of the avengers compound, which was currently occupied by the Black Widow and Hawkeye. Peter merely gave them a small wave as he walked over to the kitchen where he could hear the voice Captain America, so he guessed Mr. Stark was there too.
"Does your chest hurt?" She asked him softly. She knew his wrist was hurting, it was clearly broken so she didn't ask. But she knew his chest was sensitive. Tony nodded softly, knowing he couldn't lie to her. Her look was one of pure concern as she took in his hunched posture, leaning as far into Steve as he could. "Let's get him to the nurse," she said. Steve nodded and started steering Tony towards the school's infirmary.
"Hey, are you okay?" Steve asked concerned. Tony shook his head.
"Pretty dumb is putting it a bit lightly, I think," he said, avoiding her gaze. "I'm not sure I can ever face him again."
"No. Won't do that."
"Nice," Tony said, panting slightly. "Bold, but nice,"
Beautiful piano music flooded his ears and when he closed his eyes he could even hear a faint humming along with it. He didn't recognize the song but it was absolutely beautiful. With soft steps, he rounded the corner to the communal floor before freezing in his tracks once more.
went easy on bullies, and neither did Peggy. Then again, they deserved it. Steve
Steve couldn't help the chuckle from escaping. Most people hated working, and Tony did too, only in a different way. He hated business meetings and files and neat desks. He loved to tinker in his lab, creating things he didn't need and no one else had even thought of making.
bullies, sympathy was hard to gather.
As people quickly pulled out their notebooks to get started, Ms. Carter approached Tony's desk.
Although walking with Hulk always managed to cheer Tony up, as soon as he and Hulk got home, Steve's words flooded back into his mind.
When lunch rolled around, Steve spotted Tony looking confused at the cafeteria. He gave a quick excuse to his friends and hurried over to the small boy before he lost him out of sight.
Steve thought.
Steve felt all the color drain from his face and he felt sick as realization dawned upon him. Tony had never told them why he'd moved out of Italy, especially if he didn't know the language. Which was weird on its own because he'd told them his father was an American. He never talked much about his mom and he barely said a word about his dad. He'd sometimes mention the Jarvis couple and suddenly fall silent. He refused to be handed things. He was constantly scared he'd done something wrong. He was clingy when with the people he trusted and flinched when someone he didn't came too close. How he'd always wear long sleeved, slightly oversized sweaters.
"Hi," he greeted again, grinning widely. Peter couldn't help the smile curving up his lips.
"Howard- my dad say he-he throw me out if I not smart," he whispered. "He say my brain is only reason he keep me around."
"I tried," Steve sighed. "He won't open the door, didn't even say anything. Somehow I'm thinking breaking down his door might not come across too well."
Nat never let herself be...
. His eyes burned, and he clenched his fists to keep from crying, blinking hard. He could hear Tony's small voice with his usual accent back in place, but couldn't hear what he was saying past the rushing of blood in his ears. He'd made Tony cry. Tony, who had been nothing but nice to him since the day they'd met. And he'd made him
"Na-ah," she said with a stern look. "Just because you've been sleeping 'till the afternoon, doesn't mean you get to skip breakfast." She told the pouting teenager.
"Why you not in school?" Tony asked Steve once they sat down.
"Alright, you're coming with me," he said, attempting to lift Tony out of the chair he was seated in. But the genius quickly jumped away from the outstretched arms, standing behind the chair with a speed that would have made Quicksilver proud.
And Loki. He remembered waking up from a nightmare he couldn't recall, remembered Loki's arms around him and his soothing voice in his ear. Tony knew he should feel embarrassed for breaking down like that in front of someone he really didn't know that well, but for some reason, he didn't. Loki had been so kind and didn't make it feel like he was weak like his father said. Tony made a mental note to thank him later.
"Thanks, Mr. Stark!" Peter called back.
"I'd hit you a lot harder if you weren't," she stated. Steve believed her. "It's not me you have to apologize to, although I doubt Tony will want to see you today." Steve swallowed.
"That we should totally get some donuts?" Clint asked, idiotically hopeful. Bucky ignored him.
"Mio padre is Americano, and I not like him lots. He no learn Italian, I no learn English." He shrugged. Bucky chuckled.
Did I do it right? Idk I'm a bit out of practice. Also, notice how i mentioned i got a Cambridge diploma? Yeah, it declares im on native speaker level. And yet the amount of times i went fishing for words on this chapter alone is really disappointing. And grammar. Grammar can go to hell.
"I'll show you. Come."
"Time t' get ya head out of your ass, punk. You're dating that kid."
When I started this chapter I had no idea what I was planning on writing, and then this happened... Lol I guess it'll do.
"It's okay, Tony. I'm just happy you're here," he soothed.
"You know what," Peter replied instantly. Because of course, he did.
"Somethin'? You call that
"In a way, yes," Steve answered eventually because that felt right. "That's Peter," Peter waved shyly, Tony waving back. "That's his aunt, May." He pointed at the woman in question, who smiled at Tony genuinely. The action caused Tony to give an equally genuine smile back, one only Steve'd had the pleasure of seeing before. May seemed taken back by the way it lit up the man's eyes and features, almost transforming him into an entirely different person. Steve smiled softly at the sight, desperately trying to hold back his tears.
“Yes!” Bucky tried to stop him, not even trying to hide how he wanted Steve safe with the women and children. “Why not?”
“He’s only met you once, right?” Cooper didn’t seem to mind that they preferred Steve as their Captain over him, even he had stepped closer to the blond in a protective move that he didn’t seem to be aware of. “And that was, what? Four months ago.”
------
“I’ll be there.” He assured him, before nodding to Bruce and stepping over to Clint and Natasha. “You two back off to Fury?”
Which was so painfully stupid that Steve felt like hitting his friend every time he thought about it. Steve wasn’t entirely sure what there would be out on the frontline, he knew the newspapers glossed over the truth about how bad things were; still, he hated the idea that Bucky would have something irritate him, like barbed wire or he’d be bitten by a rat, or knocked off his feet by a grenade, or shot and Steve wouldn’t be there to keep him focussed on staying safe.
They weren’t even supposed to be on the front lines, not really.  While trench warfare was thankfully not a prominent part of the war they were fighting (as Bucky honestly hated the wet, smelly, tight places), they’d been making use of the array of old trenches to reach the edge of the German lines, whilst dragging Cooper along with them and a photographer; some twit had decided it was a good idea for the troops to see Captain America, as well as getting some photos of him interacting with the troops for the newspapers back home. Bucky hoped he hadn’t taken photos of this but had left the rotting remains of these poor buggers alone.
“I can spell.” He stared silently at Steve for a long, painful moment then he stood up, taking a stack of papers with him. “I have signed more of these condolence letters today than I would care to count… But, the name does sound familiar. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, and I threw up?” Steve could recall. It had been the summer after his Ma had died and Bucky had been determined to make him smile again.
“And the shield?” Asked another prisoner, his British accent making Steve realise there were more men here than the captured 107th.
“No! Not without you!” and the sincerity in his words rang across their bond; Bucky wasn’t going to go without Steve.
“I see you’re finally in uniform.” She added, after a few moments of silence.
“It tastes how diarrhoea smells.” Bucky complained, his body shuddering as he stared down his next spoonful.
Steve sighed and sent Tony a wry grin as he recalled the request that the older man had made as he’d flown towards the portal.
“Whoever thought the army had good ideas?” Dum Dum raised his brow before tipping his head back to finish his drink.
“Maybe we should head back.” Stark suggested as he stood up and held a hand out to Steve.
He just had to get through this. Just this, and then he could go be useful.
“The Scream by Edvard Munch.” She nodded, her expression still warm, even as her smile faded. “Or I think it’s called Shriek originally. Do you know anything about it?”
.” Tony shot upwards and several of the fliers took off after him.
He tapped Cooper’s shield. “Well, let’s hope it’s good for something.” She managed a slight smile, but she looked worried.
“It’s me.” He said, earnestly. “It’s Steve. Come on.”
He nodded as the ramp pulled up and Natasha took off. “He runs a spy organisation. And this -” he waved a hand at Steve’s whole body. “- isn’t exactly subtle.”
He took a moment to compose himself and then used the facilities, including the minty toothpaste. Feeling fresher, he stepped out into the bedroom then looked down at himself. “Mr Jarvis?” he called out hesitantly, unsure if the housekeeper listened to the speakers at all times.
“I just need one name: Sergeant James Barnes from the 107th.” He stood his ground, needing this information.
Steve resisted the urge to scratch his head; he had definitely lost track of this conversation. “Is that what just happened?” He looked over at Agent Hill then Agent Coulson to see if they knew what was going on.
“You did everything you could.” She said, her soft voice as confident as ever. “Did you believe in your friend? Did you respect him? Then stop blaming yourself. Allow Barnes the dignity of his choice. He damn well must have thought you were worth it.”
“You fit inside?” He asked, not really sure how best to react.
Such as Loki.
------
“Better yet, bring it out here and I’ll incinerate it myself.” He began walking back inside as his machines whirred around him, removing the armour.
“I’ll let Director Fury know I’m not in New York for a bit.”
He turned and headed to the left, startling when the door slid to the side on its own. He stared into the room, trying to suppress the queasy feeling that was growing. “It’s kinda dusty in here.” He murmured, then jumped again when Mr Jarvis’ voice piped up from behind him again.
“Then you’ve gotta let me go.” He went to climb into the vehicle, but she reached over to touch his hand.
“This isn’t payback, is it?” Bucky had never enjoyed throwing himself off heights in the same way that Steve now did. But Steve really, really did enjoy it… and sliding down a cable from the side of a mountain onto a moving train was going to be good.
He continued to stare at nothing until Falsworth was guiding him off the train.
“Excuse me?” Steve shifted uncomfortably, this wasn’t the usual ‘Your asthma means no’ that he always got.
“Yeah.” Scrambling to his feet Steve quickly checked his guide over for injuries; he felt slightly shocked at the explosions, and a little bruised but nothing too damaging. They turned and headed off down a corridor, Steve happy to let Tony lead the way.
“But I’ve got a real bad hand.” He objected. “I can’t help it.”
“Still sorry.” Jacques called out, his eyes shut as he rested.
“Jay? I wasn’t asleep that long. What happened?” He frowned as he pulled up a detailed scan. It looked like the wires had snapped in the helmet, but the suit was far too new for it to be simple wear and tear. “Is this something to do with the salt water? I thought the whole suit was sealed up properly now.” He wondered aloud, thinking that taking his suit for a swim was the only thing he’d done differently with it in some time.
Tony looked over at him with a raised eyebrow. “You liked her? Well, I guess you did miss her whole film career.”
“What time am I going to get there, Jay?”
Bucky turned back to give him a salute, but didn’t say anything until he reached the girls. Steve stared for a moment longer before heading back inside. He’d said he was going to try his luck, and he meant it. He bet loads of people skipped over the unimportant bits of medical history; they didn’t need to know he’d had a brother die of diabetes before he was born, or that he’d had yellow fever, because the doctor had said it had been a mild case. He debated saying his asthma had been a childhood problem, but they’d be able to figure that out pretty quick.
“And Barton. Bruce had been working on a way to reverse Loki’s brainwashing, but Natasha might have already tried to help him out.” He wasn’t sure how complete it was, but Bruce hadn’t liked the way Loki had turned so many people against each other.
“So you’re a sentinel?” Gabe Jones asked as they sat around a table in the English pub, enjoying both the alcohol and the atmosphere.
“What do you want me to do? Collect scrap metal in my little red wagon?” He questioned, annoyed that Bucky thought he’d be okay to stay here when his best friend was going off without him. If their roles were reversed, there was no way Bucky wouldn’t fight tooth and nail to be at his side.
“Yeah. It’s seen a bit of mileage and you’ve got the uh- blue stick of destiny. Would you like a drink?” He headed down to the bar as casually as he could. Thank fuck Steve had left so soon; if he hadn’t fallen into his work like he had, then it was possible these wouldn’t be finished yet… not that they really were, as JARVIS had reminded him; this suit was incomplete and still had issues with communications.
Control… as though Fury had any real control over what was happening. “Like you controlled the cube?” He challenged, as their attempts to use the cube had destroyed SHIELD HQ. Waving around a dangerous weapon he had no ability to control was no way to face any incoming threat, it didn’t take a tactician to realise that.
“That I did know.” His friend stated, and Tony didn’t need to turn back to know she was fighting back a grin.
“Come on. It’ll be fun.” He wheedled, a grin forming on his face.
” He heard Thor ask someone as he located the missile and headed towards it.
“No matter what lies Erskine told you. You see, I was his greatest success!” Schmidt snarled, but then he moved his fingers to his neck and peeled off his face.
“I didn’t know that either.” Which was actually true; she knew what the initiative was but he hadn’t bothered to admit the issues SHIELD had with him.
“Agent Carter.” Stark said, shifting enough to tuck Steve’s face into his neck as he spoke. “You two just in the area, or were you here for a reason?”
What had happened to Howard in between the war and his car crash? He must have gotten married and had at least one kid, which was bizarre to think about; Howard must have met a pretty special dame to make the flirt settle down.
“Aye.” Thor nodded, lifting his hammer and wincing before he even tried tapping Tony’s shoulder.
“Natasha.” He nodded, watching as she held a card out to the box and the door slid open for her.
Steve watched him marvel at the idea for a moment, before Bucky came to mind. Stark’s whole body jumped at the panic that ripped through Steve. What would this do to his bond with Bucky? He couldn’t even discuss it with anyone because they all thought that he had been mundane, and he wasn’t going to say anything that might get Bucky in serious trouble.
“Not that I know of, but you could always look into the different meanings. The files sent over from SHIELD suggest you try to acclimatise yourself to the modern world, and I think that exploring something you are interested in is a good way to do that. You can go to the library and either find some books or use the internet on the computers they have there to have a look.”
------
“What are you doing?” Steve cried out, but Tony ignored him and a man with long, blond hair and a flowing red cape landed on the ramp.
“You don’t know that.” Steve replied because he knew that his friend was alive, could feel life in their bond still… but Steve really didn’t know for how much longer. He collected one of the girl’s helmets, big enough to be worn with their hair all done up so it wasn’t a bad fit for him.
It had been quiet. It had been boring, and it had been lonely.
Erskine shook his head. “I cannot say that I am. While I was never in a position of scrapping by to survive, I have encountered many who were. Eating enough daily makes a very big difference, not just to your body but to your mind as well.”
“You got it.” Steve said, trying to see the club rather than the growing expanse of ice.
“You are not my champion!” Fury raised his voice as Natasha spoke over him. “Are you boys really that naïve? SHIELD monitors potential threats!”
Loki stormed over again and pulled Tony up, a cool hand wrapped around his neck. “You will all fall before me.”
“I wanna know why Loki let us take him.” Steve pointed out the thing that was frustrating him. “He’s not leading an army from here.”
“I enjoyed spending time with my men.” He stated, avoiding discussing the actual work; his work had been necessary, but not the kind of thing you enjoyed. “But my guide died and I- He was -” He stopped as his voice rose in pitch, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried to forget the idea of Howard having to carry on for so long with a broken bond.
“Captain.” He replied as he looked the guy over. “That’s bright.”
Erskine sighed and straightened up. “It is nothing personal.” He explained as he turned to watch the one of the groups jogging together towards the obstacle course. “You simply do not match his idea of a soldier.”
“I have a bit of free time if you want to come see my suit?” Tony suggested, and while Steve wasn’t really interested in a suit of armour, it was clear that this was important to Tony, his guide’s mild anxiety thrumming along their bond.
And Steve couldn’t help the roar of anger as the man foamed at the mouth and died. He shook the body a few more times before dropping to his knees and huddling up, unable to decide what to do now.
But later on, Steve was more interested in looking at the uniform his friend was decked out, Bucky’s finest outfit and therefore what he’d chosen to wear for their double date. It was hard to hide the bitter envy that bubbled up inside him from their bond, but he wanted to be supportive of the other man before he headed out into danger without a guide.
“No! Don’t!” He yelled, forcing the words to form clearly in his mouth. “I can do this!”
“Funny things are.” Tony noted lightly as Bruce ducked his head to examine the staff again.
” Tony heard Steve ask as he blasted one of the Chitauri out of the sky.
He nodded his head, still unable to speak even though the anger and frustration that had been surging through him were dialling back down.
“Sure am. So, a sentinel? How did you two meet?” Rhodey asked as he headed over to the cabinet to pull out a glass.
“Okay, Mr Stark. I mean, I did have a conversation with him earlier on.” The young sentinel accepted, aware that he didn’t know enough to argue this point, but also aware that JARVIS had spoken to him and certainly seemed like a person in those moments.
“S-S-See?” The authority in his voice apparently helped as Rogers lifted his head enough to look at him; his eyes were still glassy, his breathing too quick, but it was a start.
“E-Erik.” The young man replied, and Steve nodded.
“He made it personal.” Tony murmured, wondering if there was a reason Coulson had died; a reason for Loki using their own men against them.
” Zola commanded over the speaker, but Steve heard Bucky grab the shield and shoot at the man instead.
Natasha frowned and grumbled “Where is this coming from?” as thunder rumbled around them and lightning streaked across the sky. The jet rocked with the turbulence as the cabin lit up with another flash of lightning.
“In here.” Cooper beckoned as he squeezed through a doorway into what looked like a tiny office.
“What exactly am I flying into?” He asked, uncertain as to the situation.
Bruce transferred the cube into a cylinder and handed it over to Thor, who grasped one end and held the other out to Loki.
“Not mine.” Steve called back as he stepped in front of Bucky and positioned the shield in front of himself.
Instead of replying, JARVIS brought up a video; the camera had to be a hand held one with the wonky angle, but it looked like it was filming a lab; in the centre of the lab was a huge chunk of ice. JARVIS fast-forwarded the video, which remained focussed on the ice, if you ignored the person stepping over to switch the camera off and on occasionally.
Soon, they were mostly over the Atlantic Ocean, approaching the coast and Tony slid the Iron Man suit on.
He crept quietly onto the bridge, considering the pilot’s chair for a moment before deciding it was empty. As he turned he heard Schmidt approach and lifted his shield just in time to deflect a blue blast from his weapon.
Bucky shook his head, his hands twisting in the uniform he was already wearing. “I’ve got my orders, Steve. I’m shipping out tomorrow with the 107th. And I got us dates for tonight.”
“I mean exactly that. He says about anything that can only be deemed a miracle, or magic, then he wants that person delivered to him.” Gabe shrugged, but he looked uncomfortable.
Cooper nodded as he relaxed. “Yeah. There’s only been one so far, about Captain America getting super powers from a machine powered by a jewel that came to Earth when a small comet crashed in the jungle.”
“Did you get anything or do I need to call Fury?” He asked, staring longingly at his bed for a moment before heading back into the main area and over to the fridge. He needed a drink.
“Sure but I thought you were busy with your new energy thing.” He mused as he began to unwrap his knuckles.
“I don’t mind.” He replied with a slightly shrug, trying to relax into his chair as he gazed around at the pictures on the wall.
“You’re a punk.” Bucky scoffed as he came back to pull his friend into a hug.
He headed over to the table and grabbed a bowl of pasta, taking the cover off and smiling slightly at the excess sauce and cheese over it; Pepper knew what he liked. He snagged a fork as he turned and headed for the elevator.
“Make your move, Reindeer Games.” He dared, just wanting an excuse to have another go. The man’s armour dissolved and he held up his hands in surrender. “Good move.” But couldn’t completely ignore the tug of disappointment at the easy win.
They paused once to let a pair of guards pass by, their easy laughter letting the group know that the place really wasn’t on high alert. Twice the paused to let Falsworth take a photo, the apologetic thrum of their surface bond making Steve accept his request with far more grace than he would have with Stanley.
“No, no, no- threatening. No drink? You sure? I’m having one.” Though he did hope the others were getting up here. He didn’t have super strength or super speed, regular sentinel abilities or even the ability to subdue someone with his own guide abilities; he had some awareness of other people’s emotions and the ability to go unnoticed when he wanted to, but nothing useful in this situation as Loki was far too aware of him to forget he was here.
Fury turned his attention back to the alien. “Excuse me? Did we come to your planet and blow stuff up?”
” The radio informed everyone, but to Steve it was little more than background noise.
“Let them pick some other guy to dress up as a dancing monkey. Say I got bigger overnight or something.” Steve objected. “I’m small, but I’m fast and strong and my senses are off the scale. They can take my blood and study it all they like but let me do something useful.”
“Jury’s out.” Tony replied, but his attention was still on the scientist. “You really have got a lid on it, haven’t you? What’s your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?”
“I have a guest room on this floor. You are gonna sleep for a bit while I make a few calls.”
“Urgh, really? The D-word?” He moaned as he landed. “I don’t allow that kind of language in my tower. I demand you incinerate it.”
“That’s what he needs Erik Selvig for.” Bruce mused as Thor looked over at him.
“He should stay here.” Tony scowled, standing up and beginning to pace.  “If he woke up to find his old guide had died, he shouldn’t be away from his new one just yet.”
“He was doing his job.” Huh, that was weird; Tony could feel Steve trying to send comfort along their bond, but it just frustrated him more.
“Just keep me posted.” Bruce would definitely turn up; his fear of hurting anyone wouldn’t keep him away when they were this desperate, but Tony hadn’t forgotten what he had said about being exposed; he wanted to know when he got here so he could give the other guy an extra layer of cover in the form of back-up.
“Most of?” He shot down some more Chitauri warriors as he kept pace with the beast.
“Stark.” Thor said, pointing over to where the Hulk stood on the sidewalk, crouching over the Iron Man armour.
“You can’t join.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest, gripping his sides tightly to try and stop his trembling.
He’d barely finished speaking when several old black and white photos appeared on the screen. Tony stared at the grainy faces, his eyes widening as he recognised the kid sat on the back of a jeep, a shield on the ground nearby.
“All right.” Her soft voice was beautiful. “A week, next Saturday at the Stork Club.”
Steve shook his head. “No. You remember what his other base was like? There were cameras and it was rigged to explode. He’s a paranoid guy who looks out for himself.”
“You know what you should have asked?” His voice was stating to slur, and Steve knew his friend was going to be asleep on his shoulder soon.
“However,” Erskine continued, his voice warmer as he interrupted Steve’s musing, “you are here because I think you are who we need.”
“Iron Man suits?” Steve asked, as Tony was clearly waiting for the chance to explain, his warm brown eyes alight with his interest.
“Don’t know what you were saying, but it looked like a touching moment.” He teased as Howard began to grouch loudly and lead them through to the main reception room.
“The Stark Tower? That big, ugly… building in New York” He hesitated as he felt Tony’s disapproval, but Steve wasn’t entirely sure if Tony had any other towers; SHIELD hadn’t really encouraged him to read the news. They had been providing him with information of current events on printed paper for him to catch up on everything.
While he didn’t feel his sentinel die, he honestly wasn’t sure if the serum would let him feel that particular trauma… still, it took Steve a long time to shuffle back inside the train and sit on the floor.
“I can drop you.”
Further down the train, he could hear Gabe capturing Zola, but Steve couldn’t make himself get up and go help like he was supposed to.
Bucky was silent for a long moment, and Steve cringed to feel the disappointment along their bond. “Would you really do that to me?” He asked eventually, his tone soft but unhappy.
“I assume.” He declared, aware that her concern centred on the fact that things occasionally exploded when he worked when distracted; his bot’s aim with the fire extinguisher was definitely improving though. “Light her up.”
“I could get there fastest.” Tony piped up as he shifted back.
“Finally, someone who speaks English.” Tony smirked slightly.
“Good.” Erskine replied, as Steve thought about the last time he had seen Stark, and how he and Bucky had joked about explosions. He really, really hoped there were none of those this time.
“I’ll bear it in mind.” Steve assured him, his eyes flitting over to the empty coffee pot. He wanted a drink, but that thing looked a little too space-age for him. “Are you here to see Tony? He headed off to his workshop about a while ago.” Though Steve could tell from their bond that he was completely focussed on something that didn’t allow much chance for distraction, likely something on one of his floating computer screens that he seemed to like spending time staring at; they looked kind of like television screens, but they had coloured information scrolling across it and a keyboard made of the same solid light underneath it which looked like a super advanced version of a typewriter.
“He’s adopted.” Thor said, but his words didn’t lessen the heavy pain that echoed through him.
“Sir, the Mark VII is not ready for deployment.” The AI knew what he was thinking already, but this suit had really had it. He wasn’t confident in the idea of fighting in it, and watching Loki walk across his balcony? Well, he kind of wanted the firepower to take him down.
“Is it weird? Having me pretend to be you?” Cooper asked, casting a handsome smile up at one of the girls when she came over to give him a hot drink. “Thanks, Betty.”
“Deploy.” He called, wishing he’d spent more time checking this particular function. “Deploy.”
“Depends what you like doing. You can’t go drinking in the town cos you don’t speak the language, but I have a wine cellar, as well as whiskey and rum. I sent someone ahead to stock up on food and sort out bedding and stuff.” Howard said as though it was nothing. “I’ve got cards and games, you can drink, smoke, eat… no women, I’m afraid but I should still have a record player around, though I think it was broken so I might need to fix it before you can use it.”
For the most part, this was a good idea. He hadn’t gone fully feral in more than two weeks; however, the problem was that he was losing what weight he had managed to put on in the training camp.
“Not sure.” He accepted another pint off Jim and sat back. “He won’t be able to travel with us though.” They had just gotten everyone to agree to work as a team together, to take down Hydra, but Howard Stark wasn’t a part of it.
“A higher form?” Steve asked, wondering if this had started with Schmidt or if Steve had prevented this ‘higher form of war’ from becoming an issue earlier. Either way, he was annoyed that the government were the ones messing around with stuff they didn’t understand.
“That was penicillin.” Erskine said softly, but having him standing there was actually kind of comforting now that he’d stopped addressing all the people watching. Erskine looked off to the side again, but stayed where he was. “Serum infusion beginning in five… four…” Something else from the machine touched his arms, and Steve was pretty sure he was shaking. “Three…” Erskine reached a gentle hand out to rest on Steve’s chest in a comforting touch. “Two… One…”
“I made a new slingshot.” Steve admitted, a smile tweaking at his lips when Bucky turned his head to look at the other boy. “It’s not much good yet cos I haven’t got any leather for it, so I need you to keep an eye out for me. I know where to get some.”
“You don’t think he’s here.” Dum Dum realised, his eyes widening slightly.
At the end, a short man with a briefcase ran away, and Steve was about to give chase when he heard a moan from a room off to the side.
“W-With the aim to join the soldiers eventually?” He forced himself to ask, unable to believe it had only been that morning that he’d been fumbling through a conversation in the car with Agent Carter.
“Oh, I just got back into New York. I got a little lost and he came over to join in the conversation I was having.” Steve stated vaguely with a shrug, unsure who he could talk to about his circumstances. “Then he decided I should stay here for a few days…”
“And you’re all about style, aren’t you?” Steve commented, anger bubbling up at the man’s casual attitude.
He pushed some of the parts back in before pointing at a panel on the next level up. “
“Cars.” He said, though Tony couldn’t hear the traffic, maybe sentinel-hearing could pick it up. “Lots of them around.”
He considered it for a moment. “No. Call Steve privately.” The call connected, the box lighting up to the side of his screen. “Steve…”
It was a nice feeling.
“So we need Natasha?”
“Come on in.” She welcomed, a warm smile still on her face. “We’re celebrating.”
Steve almost choked on Bruce’s discomfort as he replied “Thanks.” to Tony’s comment.
“After I convinced the board to not just consider this but actually allow it? Twelve percent?” She headed over to the sofa and as the laughter began to show on her face.
“Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy.” He assured her, more than a little smugly. He’d buried himself in getting the changes actually finished after Steve had left, his procrastination techniques actually proving useful for once.
Steve looked down at the uniform SHIELD must have provided. It was closer to royal blue of Captain America than the darker shades of his old uniform, and from the wince, Tony wasn’t entirely sure he liked it. “Yeah. They said they made it for me.” But he tightened his grip on his shield, which was still his vibranium circle with muted colours, and held it in front of his torso.
“I don’t like it.” Steve said softly to him, his back to Loki as he spoke.
“Bucky…” He sighed, unhappily.
“Right. Better clench up Legolas.”
“Okay, well that’s me. My company.” He pointed to his chest when Rogers gave him a puzzled look. “I’m Tony Stark.” Rogers didn’t gain the look of understanding that Tony had expected. “Iron Man?”
“Huh?” He pulled his eyes away from in front of the car to stare into Tony’s amused face. “Just… don’t you go inside to get food now? Or is it like getting something from a stand?”
“So, why didn’t SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project?” Bruce asked him. “What are they doing in the energy business in the first place?” It was another good question, but Steve didn’t know enough about the history of SHIELD to even begin to guess; they hadn’t been around in the war.
“What is all this?”
“By all means.” She said, handing it over and joining Clint. “Be careful with that thing.”
They crept further along, halting outside the door as Steve listened in. There was still just the one voice, a teenage boy if Steve had to guess and he couldn’t hear anyone else other than his own team behind him… Wishing he’d kept either Gabe or Jacques with him, he slowly opened the door and stepped inside, eyes scanning the room to check what his ears had already told him; no one else was there.
"Well, performance issues. It’s not uncommon.” He joked lightly, hoping Steve could feel the panic that was bubbling below the surface and was moving his fine ass in their direction. “One out of five – oof!”
“Last one?”
.” Barton suggested, and Tony supposed that he could pick these details up from his vantage point.
“We only got about a ten second window.” Steve reminded them. “You miss that window, we’re bugs on the windshield.”
“I have a plan. Attack.” Tony stated, jumping out the plane and flying down without looking back at his sentinel; he had a feeling he’d be wearing that wide eyed, earnest expression that made Tony think twice about what he was doing. And that just wouldn’t help here.
He tapped the screen inside the folder, bringing up the folder options. “Apparently I’m volatile, self-obsessed, don’t play well with others.”
“Last night.” Tony replied, and Steve felt a sudden wave of exhaustion before it was firmly suppressed. “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?”
“Doctor Banner?” Steve tried addressing him respectfully as opposed to familiarly. “Put down the sceptre.”
Shit. “JARVIS, put everything we got into the thrusters!” He commanded as he fired at several more aliens, trying to clear enough space to take off without them hanging onto him.
Tony poured out a second cup of coffee and handed it over. “Here.” He nodded Steve’s thanks away as he considered the question. “I wouldn’t say it was exactly the same. Dad mainly built weapons and the other stuff were just things he found interesting. But we don’t make weapons anymore.”
“About twenty minutes. You have time for your coffee then we should go.”
” He heard Steve grunt, then gasp deeply and quietly thank Thor.
“So far.”
“There’s something under us making loud noises, kinda like a machine.”
“Exactly… They’re coming back.” He could hear their footsteps and their breathing, still fairly relaxed so they must have had a less exciting trip.
“I’ve heard of it.” He said, finally raising his head to look at her. “Something to do with monkeys, but that’s all I know.”
The Tesseract was information Tony already knew having taken the time to read all the files Coulson had left him with, as well as following up with checking out his father’s files on the thing. However, he focussed on the picture in front of him. “Natasha’s sentinel?”
“Jay? How long do I have to look through this stuff?” he asked as he debate hacking into the more detailed files on Banner’s experiments; it was hard to believe someone with degrees in this crap would actually think the whole gamma-rays thing was a good idea… but he supposed that he knew better than anyone how hard it was to stop and think things through rationally when you were on a roll.
“Well, you did join an army.” Erskine shrugged at him, making Steve laugh. He did enjoy it when Erskine found the time to come and chat; he was the closest thing to a friend Steve currently had, similar to the big brother role Bucky had once played.
“He is a handful.” Bucky confirmed. “But he gave me his camera anyway.”
“Strip. I’ll go find you something to wear.”
“Stark. You ready to return my soldier yet?”
“Jay can help with that.” Tony assured him. “Tell you what, I’ll let you get something to eat and I’ll show you my workshop and my suits later.”
Steve thought of the extra hole in his belt. “No, I guess not.” He would probably be even further from his ideal soldier if he knew that Steve was part of a true bond who had let his sentinel leave without him; the need to see Bucky again had been a constant ache since the man had left New York, the pain of it sometimes making him chuck up his dinner when he let himself think about the gaping hole the older guy had left, how he was fairly sure his friend was alive, but couldn’t feel any of his emotions.
And so it continued and for two long nights, the sentinel soldier had battled with himself to try and get some rest while he had time. After all, Philips and Brandt had left him in no doubt that the US government owned him; if Nicholas Fury was in charge of a branch of the government then Tony would only be allowed to keep him away for so long, then Steve would be back to fighting, this time in a new and very different world.
It was a little worrying to see the surprise in Bruce’s expression as he looked down at the weapon in his grasp. However, a beeping cut through the room and they glanced back at one of the screens.
One of the other men glared at the man in the bowler hat. “I’m from Fresno, Ace.”
It was just white now, the cold air rushing up to meet his face. “You know, I still don’t know how to dance.”
“Howard?” The captain nodded, his eyes slightly glassy as Tony felt an almost physical pain along their bond. “You remember my Dad? He must have died around when you were born.”
With everything that had happened in recent years, all the close scrapes that Tony had somehow managed to escape, how had Coulson been the one to go down? To think that he was now gone was a little scary; he was only a few years older than Tony, and he certainly didn’t wear a fancy costume and thoughtlessly throw himself into dangerous situations. He wore a suit for fuck’s sake! A suit and, yes, he often wielded a deadly amount of paperwork to match his bland smile, but Tony had always been able to feel the glimmer of amusement behind the mask that let him know Coulson was a person and not some kind of advanced robot that even he didn’t have.
” And the engineer wondered if Steve needed him to head over.
He staggered back to his feet as Thor yelled, just in time to see Steve block a strike with his shield. The resulting shockwave knocked him off his feet again and he groaned; he was definitely going to be sore in the morning. His sentinel had landed beside him, but he wasn’t projecting any kind of pain along their bond, simply that solid determination that Tony was coming to recognise.
They all fell silent, listening as Jim quietly checked out the room he’d entered. When he came back to let them know it was clear, the rest of them headed up.
“So when am I going to get to meet Stark?” Bucky asked, changing the subject.
“These trenches were shelled over two weeks ago.” Dum Dum explained as they all crowded round the little table. “So there’s been time for changes, but a base this big?” He pointed to a marking on the map. “It’d take time to move. The last two places we took were just outposts, but this looks like something more permanent.”
“Gabe, Jacques and Jim? You guys go left here. We’ll keep going.” He waited for them all to nod. “I hear voices, so be careful.”
“He looks upset.” Steve murmured, as he took in the swirls of paint.
“Wrong guy.” Jacques said, smirking as Gabe scowled, apparently ruining his moment.
“A few times, when I wanted to get away from my mom and dad. Not for too long though.” Howard’s eyes were a little haunted as he lifted them to meet Steve’s gaze. “I’d rather fight with them than spend too much time on my own out here.” Loneliness flooded their bond, apparently echoing into Steve and Bucky’s bond as the two New Yorkers came up either side of him.
“Doesn’t it run off electricity?” The soldier asked as he ran a finger along the seams between the shoulder and the arm.
“There’s an isolation ward in the factory.” The British guy he’d spoken to already informed him. “But, no one’s ever come back from it.”
Deciding they were a more immediate threat than Loki, who was groaning as he lay on his back, Tony moved to intercept the first wave. The Chitauri army was fast, and they were flowing down in a stream, not faltering on their path to the surface even when Tony knocked into one of them. He fired at them again and again, dodging the aliens and bits debris as he tried to figure out a way to gain the advantage.
“Steve Rogers.” He replied, unsure if he was allowed to ask what the Strategic Scientific Reserve was, or if there was anything else he was supposed to say. “Where are you from?” He asked, wondering if the man would tell him.
“Maybe it’s hard to realise cos you’re getting older, but I’ve spent a lot of time working for peace.”
Steve’s uniform was more like Captain Cooper’s than the regular soldiers; the whole unit wore deep blue clothing, with a slightly lighter blue star painted onto the centre of their armoured vests. “In the end.” He grinned at her. “It’s a little boring, and I still feel useless sometimes, but at least I’m out with other soldiers.”
A moment later, and Tony took out the gunmen, apparently having no dilemmas over what to do with them.
The serum burned as it went in and Steve clenched his teeth to avoid yelling. It hurt. It hurt a lot. He couldn’t feel Erskine’s hand anymore, but he wasn’t sure if it was because the doctor had moved away or… Steve’s eyes shot open as he realised the pain was gone, but he also couldn’t feel much of anything else.
“Steve… Steve…” Bucky muttered, one hand sliding up to touch the bare skin on his neck as the younger man pulled him to his feet.
“I’ll think about it.” Tony stated as he leaned forwards to take the bag of warm food from Happy. “Here this one is yours.”
meant that Steve had been unable to get anything from Loki, but Thor’s emotions were coming through more and more clearly as they spoke.
“Then skip the spinning rims. We’re on the clock.” He landed, the power cutting out abruptly, and headed inside, the landing pad deconstructing his ruined suit as he strolled inside.
“Sir?” JARVIS asked as Tony scowled.
“I doubt he could with this lot.” She stated, her tone seeped with a sad certainty.
“About 1am, local time, sir.” JARVIS replied.
He dropped into the passenger seat of Tony’s car and instantly struggled to keep his eyes open. “Everyone comin’?” He slurred slightly as he tried to make conversation.
Aware his thoughts were drifting into hypocritical territory, he stood up as well. “Phil?”
“That’s enough.” The look on Steve’s face and the disappointment that was flooding their bond was enough to take the wind out of Tony’s sails. Steve jumped down and while was physically smaller than both Thor in his get-up and Tony in his Iron Man suit, he exuded more than enough authority to command their attention. “Now, I don’t know what you plan on doing here.”
“Come on now, Captain. You’re making a big fuss around all these civilians.” Fury was saying, his hands held out in placating manner that looked odd on him.
“Tired? Hungry? Cold?” He asked, wanting to know if JARVIS had found anything so he could avoid sending the kid into another panic like that.
“No, Captain. Decidedly not.” Mr Jarvis sounded amused by that, and Steve felt a grin quirking the corners of his lips. “However, most of this Tower consists of the Stark Industries offices and most of the upper floors are Mr Stark’s home.”
“I’m here.”
Steve looked at the map she had on her knee, noting the slight differences between this one and the one Philips had.
“Monkeys? I do not understand.” Thor frowned as he looked over at Fury.
Doreen was a honey badger and the most stubborn creature Steve had ever encountered. She was Bucky’s spirit animal and so his guide when Steve couldn’t be there; the only problem with the spirit animals was that they were only tangible when the human was able to drop into a meditative trance, and they couldn’t affect things in the physical world. Doreen and Sandra would be no comfort to Bucky if he couldn’t drop into the spiritual plane.
“You invited
“And?”
much better.”
“Do you not want to spend time with me, Tony?”
He rings up her chocolate bar anyway, slides it across the counter, and watches her bite at the plastic before using her hands to tear it open.
A wet hand immediately covers his eyes, and another pulls Tony into the room.
is not on it.
As if everything is fine.
come off as going too far, but Steve’s life as Steve and his spurts of action as Nomad are two separate things. Steve is Steve. Nomad is Nomad.
He's escorted into elevator as soon as he’s inside, and it takes him a second to realize that it’s Bucky holding his back and leading him into the empty space. The doors slide shut before anyone else can join them, and they ride up to the balcony in silence.
It’s been pretty chill as of late though, the WSL Championship Tour had come to it’s conclusion last month, and Bruce is back in his home town of Malibu to get in some casual wave riding before he’s back with his coach on his strict training regimen and looking for more sponsorships.
It’s bittersweet, because Steve thinks
“It’s beautiful.” He says. Tony feels the odd urge to tell him that he plays. He stares at the blue eyes behind the mask. There’s something mischievous dancing in them, teasing Tony, daring him to get lost in them. His heart hammers in his chest and suddenly Tony’s throat is a lot drier than it was only moments ago. He’s supposed to
It’s not Steve’s hand.
His father is no stick in the mud when it comes to strategic mingling.
He’d have to be a complete idiot not to have recognized the young prodigy, and Tony had certainly made this a lot easier for him by approaching first. Tony was interesting to say the least. Steve hadn’t expected the raw vitriol behind Tony’s words about his father.
“Dance with me.” The man says instead of responding, that mischievous blue flame still twirling in his eyes.
From there, his career had skyrocketed.
Tony’s body begins to tremble just as Steve wraps his arms around him from behind.
also thank you to
Steve says nothing.
sounded on Tony's tongue.
“I’m gonna take you apart, darling.” Bucky is crawling towards him as soon as he sits up straight.
Near the grand piano on the other side of the room, is a fairly built man, from what Tony can see. He’s alone, a drink in his hand as he seemingly admires the instrument, away from the commotion of socialization. Tony moves to break away from the circle, and Howard pauses to eye him, as if telling him
The feeling of the waves crashing against his skin is surreal. Just thinking about polishing his favorite surfboard gets him all tingly inside. Cool sand between his toes as he jogs out to catch the early morning waves just as the sun starts to rise. It’s the ultimate thrill. There’s absolutely no way anyone could convince him that anything else is better than the true freedom of the soul that comes with riding that perfect wave.
Now all that’s left is getting there. Bucky grabs Steve’s pre-prepared bag, and the three of them hail a taxi together. “To Stark Tower.” Natasha says before the driver speaks up. The ride is silent for the most part. Steve appreciates it. It gives him time to think about what’s about to happen. He’ll be acting as Nomad, yet at the same time will be in the presence of multiple people. He can’t get caught—that’s one thing for sure, less he wants to get arrested. Howard Stark could get him locked up for God knows how long. Not only that, but his career as Nomad and as an artist would effectively be washed down the drain. He lives for his work. Without it Steve has no idea what he’d do with himself.
. Second, the same Nomad had just thoroughly defiled his father’s office, and finally, Tony wasn’t going to do a single thing to stop it.
everyone at this event.
Tony feels numb.
” Tony blinks and jerkily nods in response.
It’s all quite miserable. In fact, the only things Tony has looked forward to each day in the last 6 months is the time he gets to spend with his boyfriend Steve—which had been difficult even before he got this job.
“I’m not…doing anything.” He says, slowly and clearly. “Just taking a walk, ma’am.”
Tony only begins to sob louder when Steve takes hold of his cock. He seems to notice that Tony, evidently, isn’t having a very good time, and lets go of him for a moment. His hand returns to it’s position wet and slimy.
Tony refuses to open his eyes when Steve gently guides his hands to the same position.
“You seem comfortable here.” The man speaks up while Tony mentally chokes. He hums along to the live brass band playing outside—the doors leading to the balcony are open and along with the heater, there’s a nice breeze flowing in. Today had been chosen for this event mostly because the weather—not too freezing or snowing out. “I’m not.” The man continues.
He lets the words become his gospel, repeating them over and over as he feels Steve’s hand begin to move on his cock.
He has a proverbial itch. And he loves scratching it.
Steve re-enters the main room of the apartment and approaches the couple. They’re in the middle of a conversation.
His sandy blonde hair, ocean blue eyes, and muscular stature often has surf fanatics dubbing him the Captain America of the ocean due to his uncanny resemblance to the renowned comic star.
Tony nods again. He turns on his heel and briskly walks away from his father.
Staring at the screen, Tony lets his eyes glaze over until only moving blurry silhouettes are visible. He knows Steve’s eyes are on him, but with the way Bucky is squeezing his jaw, he can’t stop an embarrassing string of drool from sliding down his chin. The spit hits Bucky’s arm and Tony flinches slightly before the slap comes—a quick one to his cheek that spreads his saliva across his chin.
In the moments before he’d stepped forward into the light, Tony had three things running through his mind. The first—he’d quite obviously just spent the last half hour with the ever-infamous
Tony still doesn’t know who this man is, but seconds after the words are uttered, the two of them are paired together, still somewhat secluded in their spot next to the Bösendorfer, swaying back and forth to the sound of the music flowing in from outside.
He supposes Steve must be home then.
“We’ll talk when James gets back.” She looks at her phone for the time. “Which is in about an hour or two. So just tell me, you did actually get it done, right?” She looks expectant, but equally as ready for bad news. Steve feels a pang of insult pulse in his chest.
Bruce stands between both Thor and Steve, his hands on his hips as the two size each other up. They hadn’t exactly formally met during the Tour, so Bruce had somewhat expected this, but that doesn’t mean he wants to put up with it.
In the back of his mind, there is a voice nagging to him that Steve might be cheating, but Tony feels too fragile to confront his partner.
—of this, what he wants. What Steve can’t give him.
Tony approaches smoothly. “It’s a Bösendorfer.” He speaks up and sees the man’s hand that had been tracing the case stop. “Imported straight from Austria.” He adds when the man says nothing, doesn’t even turn to look at him. It almost bother’s Tony—that he can’t think of who this is, nor can he immediately command his attention. In fact, the man spends another minute or so just staring at the piano before he turns to face Tony, a small smile set on his face.
Tony’s coughs are slightly louder than the underlying noise of the porn on the television and the steady slapping sound of Steve masturbating from the other side of the room.
The figure, clad in black, hooks both sides of his harness to the bolted capstan’s rope lock. He puts his bag on backwards so it’s open at his chest and takes a moment to stare at the sky. It’s cold out—winter in New York is cold and he easily convinces himself that the cold is what’s making him shake. He takes a deep breath, counts to three, and harshly pulls at the rope to confirm it’s secure. And then he descends. He lowers himself down, down, down until he’s at his starting point. He removes the first half of the stencil from his bag, a can of paint, and grins a bit as he thoroughly begins to
When he leaves the bathroom, Steve’s got on a simple pair of sweats and a long-sleeved t-shirt that make him feel a lot less worried. Wearing such an expensive tux on its own had him simply worrying about spilling something on it, or creasing the fabrics somehow. The normality and familiarity of things from his own wardrobe is enough to calm his nerves down a notch.
Of course, for the selfish, what they want always remains out of reach.
While he makes zero profit from what he does and doesn’t plan to change that, he may or may not have a Wikipedia page, and a slightly cryptic website logging all his works. That part is mostly for fun. He edits the Wiki when he finds little bits of false information.
Tony hits send after typing the message and slumps lower into his spot on the plastic subway bench. It had been an especially tiresome day at work. As an intern 6 months out of grad school, he knows that by now, he should probably be accustomed to overworking and underpayment, but it’s hard to forget that when he leaves work with blurry vision everyday.
It’s not like Tony was upset that Steve, at least, had found a job that he liked. He’s more upset that Steve’s schedule is so
What he really doesn’t understand, though, is how Nomad had managed to actually get inside without security being alerted of the extra attendee. There had been no extra invitations sent, no plus ones or mishaps on the guest list. They’d never had this problem before.
He gets to work immediately. The two halves of the stencil are smaller versions of what he’d used on the outside of the building. He paints the image onto each of the four walls, and signs his tag—
“Tony, ah, I’m going in now.” He’s snapped out of his thoughts by Steve’s voice. Tony gives a lazy smile and hums for him to go ahead.
as much as possible before he scrambles out of Steve’s grip and towards the corner of the room that is farthest away from the bleeding corpse in the center.
“Shut up Bruce. Just shut up.”
“I said I want it gone
“Fuck.”
anything’s a canvas if you’re brave enough
“He’s hot.”
Once Steve is out of the shower, dry and considerably ready to be dressed, he cracks the door open and pulls in the hanger holding up the garment bag Natasha had gotten for him. It takes him a moment to get dressed—everything fits him and he doesn’t give it much of a second thought. Steve can’t help it looks a just a little gaudy—the blazer especially, with it’s patch of white embroidery, sharp and sleek. He stares at himself. He looks like he belongs at Stark Tower. On the end of his blazer’s left sleeve, a patch of fabric is sewed onto the side.
For Steve, his career and skill level can only get better from here on out.
Tony’s smile falters.
Her hair is visibly black, even in the dark—she’s got a leather jacket on, fingerless gloves, and an expensive-looking hanging from her neck. Steve doesn’t know what to make of her, or better yet what she’s doing in the same alley asking him just that.
Natasha, however, seems confused. She sits up straight, letting Bucky’s arm around her fall onto the couch cushion. “You said he agreed with you? About Howard? And what exactly did you say?”
Tony himself wasn’t very large, but he still stands inches above Steve, and he can still wrap his thumb and index fingers around Steve’s wrist. With the way Steve’s body looks, it’d been a good thing Tony hadn’t let outward appearances stand in the way of their courtship. He’d fallen for with his husband regardless; for his big heart and sea blue eyes, for his loving personality and overly kind demeanor, for his ideals and the way he loved Tony with all of his being.
It’s his constant, Steve’s voice.
“I doubt he thought he was unrecognizable. But I knew he didn’t recognize me. It’s probably why he approached me in the first place.” Steve starts, pressing his hands against his knees to refrain from fiddling with them.
Steve undoes his button and unzips his fly.
. He looks smug, and he doesn’t even glance in their direction when he swims back to shore, lifts the lifeguard up bridal style, and quite literally whisks him away.
coke party hiding behind the pretense of a charity event.”
He doesn’t even know when he’d looked down, but when he peaks up at his friends, Bucky and Natasha share a mixed expression of confusion and disbelief.
After clearing any trace of him being on the system, Tony lifts his newly acquired bag and leaves the surveillance room.
Distressed, Tony begins to cry. First, a single, fat tear spilling down his face. It isn’t long until he croaks out his first wail and is full on sobbing, his body shaking profusely as he drops down to sit back on his feet.
And when Steve places a hand on his damp cheek, Tony looks at him again, teary eyes glazed over as he tries hard to focus on Steve’s irises--only it’s increasingly difficult to see straight when he’s got Bucky’s thick cock in his ass jerking him closer to the headboard with each thrust.
Thor looks at Bruce with a deadpan expression, and Steve’s already walking away—presumably to get another drink.
Once the elevator comes to a stop, and the doors open, Steve is on his own.
Tony smiles and sets his things against the wall. He allows his feet to carry him towards the door of the common room. It’s cracked, and Tony can see a strip of Steve’s blue shirt directly in front of him through the open space.
“But? Spit it out.”
That reason alone is enough motivation for Tony to slip into one of the seats in front of surveillance monitor and go about erasing the extent of the night’s footage for the entire floor that he and Nomad had been on, not before making a copy of the feed for his own suspicions.
Since the end of the WSL Tour, and his successful first time participating in a Championship level competition, he’d retreated back to California to take some quality time off. It’s the least he can do to treat himself after his 57.300 point total and subsequent second place overall win.
He can hardly think straight.
He hears Bucky spit on his cock, and shivers as he slides his hands under Steve’s pillow and breathes in the scent of his husband--his husband who will never be able to slap him in the face without a subsequent chuckle, his husband who will never be able to push him down and make him choke on cock, his husband who will never be able to fuck him like a real man.
Even though this time, he’d be doing graffiti
He stands there for about twenty more minutes. After a handful of the most important guests have walked in—the most camera flashes go off for Bezos, Zuckerberg, and Musk—Steve slips in when one of them throws bread crumbs to the reporters with a few words. His mask is on, a black and white piece covering the tip of his nose up to the middle of his forehead. It fits him almost too well, and he knows he’ll be the most unrecognizable person at this event. All he has to do really is avoid Howard—who must have crafted the guest list himself. Steve
When Bucky gets back, it’s late, and Steve’s paranoid expectation that the police are somehow going to come bursting into his common room has died down. He’d still jumped a bit when Bucky had let himself in. He has to remind himself that he’d given Bucky and Nat each a spare key.
“I’ve been wanting to show you all day.”
When Steve lifts his head up, the woman, Jessica Jones, he assumes, is gone.
of their foreheads slamming together makes him reel back in pain, and Tony cusses to himself.
Tony is too busy being thoroughly rawed to wipe it from his face. He stares at Steve’s thigh when his spouse sits down and begins to stroke his hair.
The man shifts in his direction, and Tony feels a pang of satisfaction that he’s finally got his attention. “So here we are.” He says, and it makes Tony scoffs a little.
The only slight abnormality might possibly be that Tony is three meters away from Steve, who has been sitting across the room, stroking his cock since he got up half an hour prior to Tony’s own bleary-eyed rise from bed.
, Tony thinks again as Howard slams his hand on the table. Everyone—the public relations officer, the CTO, CIO, and COO, even the head of security—flinches a little, and Tony is suddenly much more conscious of the door frame pressing against his arm.
Stark Tower is huge and flashy, and it seems to leech onto his attention span until he’s once again standing across the street from the huge building. He doesn’t go any closer—returning to the scene of his own crime isn’t wise in the first place. He just wants a moment to…collect himself
They’d been living together for a little less than a year, so he wants to trust that Steve isn’t just using him for apartment space. He does make use of the common room as a makeshift art studio. Tony finds it endearing, as there are multiple paintings of him scattered around on different easels.
This was never a one-man job, after all. His two friends had helped and nevertheless supported him since the get-go, from when he’d initially told them about his idea of just painting normal graffiti, to his gig next to Trump Tower, and even what’s to be his notorious double-hit targeting Stark. It wasn’t like he could hide it from them, after all. The both of them being so observant, not trusting them wasn’t an option. The help they provide has gotten him far too. They have as much in this gig as he does.
Steve feels bad when he slips a hand into Tony Stark’s pocket and steals his SI keycard. He really does, Tony had made it too easy, and really, Steve hadn’t expected the man to so openly express his disdain for his father. Plus, he looks really hot in his suit and the golden mask makes his eyes shine. Steve has the smallest fantasy to court the younger Stark while they’re dancing. However, it’s not hard to ignore.
Of course, there’s no guilt. He can’t afford to feel guilty, he’s too angry to feel guilty. People like Howard Stark don’t deserve his guilt, and he knows that.
Tony loves choking on it. He loves the sensual feeling of his own sticky saliva sliding out of his mouth around Bucky’s cock and down his face, of his throat being violated, the feeling of Bucky’s wet cock depriving him of air and the discomfort of not being able to control the situation keeps his body lax and his dick stiff.
That’s all Tony needs before he’s got two fingers pinching his nostrils shut. Bucky uses one hand to hold his body up as he moves upward to push his cock into Tony’s now open mouth. It’s a familiar taste, and this is a familiar event.
Steve reacts calmly, beginning to run a hand through Tony’s hair again, ever so gently massaging at his scalp.
He feels giddy.
he can’t host a balcony pavilion party and have the satirical work of Nomad denouncing his life’s work hanging above all his guests. What’s sweet about it—his critical timing had been guaranteed to
She scoffs, and Steve holds his breath as he quickly pulls his phone out of his back pocket, points it at the wall, and turns on the flashlight.
He’s suddenly very awake when he feels Bucky’s teeth grinding around his earlobe.
All three of them are whipped.
And Steve does, bleary-eyed and tired as he drives and drops off his squirmish and increasingly horny husband all the way at Bucky’s apartment twenty minutes away from home. Tony is practically diving to get out of the car after he smacks a quick kiss on Steve’s cheek.
Bucky pushes his sweats to his ankles and sits down on the couch.
That is, when he’s not surfing.
, and to the head of security, Pascal. The same Pascal who’d helped Tony dodge Howard’s hand multiple times in the case of…lab mishaps. “You two are fired. On your way out, send in people who aren’t useless at their jobs.”
It’s his favorite place to freelance—sometimes abandon his usual style or forget about stencils and deviate from his normal subject matter. Not to mention there are a convenient number of little, clean, abandoned spots for him to mark up that don’t seem to ever get tagged, despite just how small Hell’s Kitchen may be.
“I—Okay.” Is all he says before jerkily turning around and walking away to find someone tending to beverages.
He feels lost without the grounding touch of Steve’s hand in his hair.
Nomad had left in such a hurry. He most likely expected him to tell his father, but really, what was there to say to Howard? The man’s best moods surface when he’s faking a smile and mingling in shark tanks full of his peers. As if Tony would even think about waltzing up to his father and telling him that Nomad had somehow broken in and done fucking graffiti in his office.
Tony gags and chokes as Bucky pushes in with a twitch and holds himself there, Tony’s nose against his navel, for a few moments before pulling out completely. He wipes his wet cock across Tony’s face with a groan before lifting himself up.
He doesn’t have any ridiculous nicknames begotten on him by his fans, nor does he want one. Although his
Tony gave him an awkward smile, but Steve could feel the ripple of trauma that likely originated from this event. “One of my own weapons blew up next to me. That’s why I have this to keep me alive.” He tapped the glowing disc on his chest.
All he had gone though, the experiment, the war, the ice, and now this? “Show some respect!” Stark was just a bully who had enough money that people turned their backs.
“Respect what?” The man’s eyes raked over him, and he felt lacking in a way he hadn’t in years.
Thankful for his dark clothing, he jogged over to an open window and swung himself inside. The room was empty, apart from a desk with an old oil lamp burning on the corner and stacks of paper lying around. He only glanced at the files on his way past, but they weren’t written in English so he couldn’t get anything from them.
“Yeah, maybe. I’ll ask another time.” He said quietly, trying to not think of dancing with Peggy; it seemed like too wild an idea. “You don’t think she’d mind stepping on me?”
“He killed eighty people in two days.” Black Widow glowered, and Steve wondered if her anger was bubbling just below the surface or if it had been pushed aside until later.
The first thing Steve was aware of was the quiet. Warm, so he must have slept under a thick blanket but it was eerily quiet; no voices, no footsteps, no wind in the trees or rattling through the window frames… There was a pain echoing through his head, but he could almost ignore it in the haze of sleep; he sure was tempted to sink back down into sleep and enjoy the moment of peace, but he ought to radio in with base and-
He didn’t reach him in time.
“I think Falsworth is a guide. Can you work with him?” Bucky asked, leaning against Steve, who could feel his friend getting sleepy in the warmth, with the beer and the relaxed chatter.
Schmidt raised his chin as he spoke. “You are deluded, Captain. You pretend to be a simple soldier, but in reality you are just afraid to admit that we have left humanity behind.” Steve continued to stare at him, unable to speak. He looked like a demon in the paintings of Hell, but Schmidt began to head towards the exit. “Unlike you, I embrace it proud! Without fear.”
“We all are!” Natasha yelled back as Steve heaved a sigh. “Cooper was Captain America. Not me! It’s not that difficult to remember!” He’d been friends with Cooper and the thought of people just dismissing him like that was infuriating.
Despite his melancholy thoughts of late, he couldn’t stop the grin from spreading over his face as the lights came on.
A switch has flipped inside him that he hasn’t so clearly felt since he’d entered his first robotics competition.
does it get the point across.
Even if he loves his New York roots, and finds the concept of owning a car ridiculous when subways and busses exist, as soon as he’d caught sight of the beaches, his move to California after gaining traction as a surfer was easiest thing in the world for him.
Tony finally speaks up. “You too then? Where’s all that entitlement coming from? You’re here, you might as well be as awful as the great
Steve, by name, is pretty much a nobody. He has a normal social life, a small group of close friends, acquaintances from college, extended family he doesn’t talk to—things like that. Steve is a law-abiding citizen. He doesn’t do much to attract attention, he wears clothes that don’t make him stand out—his hair cut is basic, even his name—Steven Grant Rogers—doesn’t have much merit or pizzazz. For lack of better wording, he’d describe himself with the cliché: “average, every day guy.”
As he makes his way through the dark hallways of the floor, he considers Tony Stark.
“You woke me up, doll.” Bucky starts. He pushes a hand through Tony’s hair and circles around until he’s standing in front of the couch. Tony, sitting on his feet with his legs spread, watches him intently.
They stand a good distance from the shoreline when a sudden screech of
Tony cocks his head to the side. He’s already confused. “Oh please.” Tony can’t stop himself, and continues even when his voice cracks. “Don’t even get me started. I’d be crucified if I wasn’t here.”
Steve had moved the rug they keep there, and laid down newspaper, Tony notices.
And when Bucky pulls loose the ribbon around his wrists, Tony is quick to wrap his arms around him and plant a messy kiss on his mouth as he’s laid out flat on the couch and Bucky is finishing inside his pliant body.
It’s nearly one in the morning when Tony’s frantically knocking on Bucky’s door and, as soon as he's let inside, throwing himself into the surly arms of his delightfully shirtless boyfriend.
“Obviously, he just got luck—"
When Tony doesn’t look back, Steve practically bolts—a calm, yet rushed stride to the hallway leading to the stairwell. He slips out the exit, unnoticed, and makes his way down the stairs. Using the pickpocketed keycard, he accesses the nearest elevator and lowers himself down one floor. The top floor before the penthouse—where Howard’s office is.
“Listen, ma’am—” Steve starts again, but cuts himself off when the woman looks away from him, uninterested in his words as she digs into her pocket and pulls out a marker. Stepping forward, she uncaps the marker and grabs his wrist with a surprisingly firm grip.
Nomad would be the biggest idealist of them all, a real go-getter if he’d dreamt up a plan like this. The more than obvious dislike of Howard Stark, the way he’d spoon fed Tony with jabs at his father, the mask too thoroughly covering his identifiable features—it makes sense.
shit.”
Blood. Not paint. There’s
“Looking for this?”
It’s why he’d accepted the invitation from Bruce, who he’d only beaten by a small margin. If he’s not careful, he knows he can easily be shown up in the upcoming year.
He lived that truth.
was born and raised a city boy.
In between them, Steve is fitting himself with a condom—both Tony and Bucky have expressed their approval of him using one. His face is beat red, and Tony supposes it’s because he hadn’t really let Steve fuck him in some time now. Having sex with Steve, it’s uneventful, for him at least. Missionary for a few minutes and Steve is spent and definitely not about to embark on an impossible round two. It can
He sighs from his seat in the back of the cab, earning a questioning glance from Bucky. The cab halts to a stop before his friend can ask. They’ve stopped in the middle of the street, they’re just a tad early, but Steve doesn’t mind. He doesn’t have a fancy car to pull up to the event in, and not all the press has arrived yet. He doesn’t want to attract the attention of cameras on him before the important guests start to flow in. He’ll slide in unnoticed, hopefully.
Tony sees why it had been easy for Nomad to manage sneaking in the way he did. Posing as a guest—an uninvited one at that. Everything down to the simple theme of the gathering had worked in the man’s favor. Without the mask, Tony would have instantly known that whoever Nomad really was, wasn’t on the guest list.
Is the first thing Tony thinks once he’s left alone on the floor.
Bucky only allows him a brief moment of serenity, not long enough to stop breathing heavily, before his arms are yanked away from his chest and used to pull him up and then turn him around. He has even less time to gather coherent thoughts before his face is shoved into Steve’s pillow and Bucky is on his knees between Tony’s legs, spreading them apart until Tony feels an ache from the sudden stretch.
It’s a man—unidentifiable with the way Steve has cut off his ears and nose and eyelids. The body has been stripped bare. There’s dried blood on the man’s face, and it looks like—it looks like Steve had been smoothing paintbrushes across the man’s skin. There are creative strokes of red painted across nearly every inch of skin.
And if not him, who else, to put it bluntly, would give Steve the time of the day?
He doesn’t hear Steve sigh, but he can hear him continue pulling down his slacks, and his underwear, until he can feel the fabric bunched up above his knees.
“No consideration for my schedule, just because you want some cock. S’that right? Drove all the way over here to get fucked? Answer me.”
He stalks forward, snatches the blazer, and bolts.
“You get rid of incompetence. Preferably before it spreads. One useless cocksucker spreads like AIDs from…”
A deep, wine red circle covers the wall opposite the side he’d been eyeing. Inside it, in the same color, is a skull and six tentacles protruding around it. The paint must have dripped before drying—free hand—and makes the picture look infinitely more ominous while visible with only the light of his flashlight. It’s been painted on top of whatever had been on the wall before.
He doesn’t immediately return to the party. Instead, he packs up the spray cans left on the floor, zips them into the bag, and heads to the building’s fifth floor.
Only minutes ago,
Asking would be undoubtedly rude. Everyone here is somewhere on the Forbes list of this year’s billionaires of the world—hell, Tony had been talking to George Lucas earlier.
Unfortunately, everything is clicking into place far faster than he would like it to.
“Of course I did. There was just…” He stutters, not even knowing what to say.
“Maybe so. Idealists don’t get far.” He counters easily, waiting for the mystery man to agree with him, except, that isn’t what he gets.
Instead he pushes his hips forward, presses his dick to Tony’s cheek bone, and cums on his face--small moans and a visible shudder leave Steve’s body.
Both unsurprisingly and surprisingly, it’s Natasha, and Steve guesses he should be accustomed to not noticing her enter the store, no matter how much it still freaks him out anyway. “Excited for later?” She asks, grabbing a Hershey’s bar from the little box in front of the register. She slides it over to him and Steve rolls his eyes.
“He followed me down because I basically told him to go away after dancing with him. I didn’t realize… He watched me paint Stark’s office. I panicked so I ran off and left everything behind. I had the mask on the whole time but, Howard probably knows what’s happened by now. There’s probably footage of us going up the elevator together. Tony’s going to tell him.” Steve finishes, his mouth dry.
Painting, probably.
Steve knows he breaks the law on a regular basis, and call him a hypocrite, but Hydra goes much further than anything he’s done. A gang of ragtag criminals who wear masks to hide their identities; they steal, assault, and harass and Steve won’t try and doubt the rumors of murder that seem to follow anyone’s mentions of the group.
has never been the type of guy to get overly pretentious about anything. He’s calm. He drinks tea instead of coffee. He’s a pretty serene, down to earth kinda guy. Nothing really throws him off his balance. He’s increasingly dedicated to his weekend yoga classes, and he likes putting effort into centering his chakra with his natural surroundings.
. He’d done what he’d had to do, like always. Maybe he just doesn’t want to admit, not even to himself, that he’s terrified of being caught by Howard Stark.
He wanders into a somewhat long alley, surprisingly barren of any people and begins to scope out one side of the empty wall. He’s almost sure the properties on each side are inhabited by residents, so he most likely won’t claim the space anyway. He stands there for a good few minutes, barely seeing in the dark as he stares at a wall full of nothing.
“But what if it wasn’t?” Bucky speaks up after glancing at Natasha.
Either way, the two had been a little close for comfort in the Championship Tour, and if not for his ability to pull multiple top scores in the overall number of events, he would have been eating someone’s bubbles.
around his cock.
He waits.
“Unimportant. I need you. I need it. Now.” He ignores the way Bucky, suddenly amused, raises an eyebrow at his demanding tone, and Tony really can’t find it in himself to care, nor can he help himself from yanking Bucky by the hair so he can lean in and press their mouths together.
“What?” He stutters, but he knows why. He looks good, his hair slicked back with a little gel, the tautness of the designer tux on his body, and Steve doesn’t often dress up, so this is a rare sight. Bucky lets out a whistle and Natasha clasps her hands together. “You clean up nicely.” She supplies, and then picks up a small piece of paper—Steve assumes what she needed the printer for—and hands it to him.
So when Tiberius undoubtedly begins to spark up a conversation between them while their father’s continue the pissing contest, Tony easily interrupts him. “I’m going to uh—over there.” He says quickly, scanning the area behind him.
also, my updating is pretty sporadic on a regular basis, but I’m moving next week so if I don’t update sooner than later that’s why!
With a frown, Steve suddenly stands from the ottoman. “Forget it. Let yourselves out whenever, I—I need to clear my head.” He mumbles. There’s a mutual silence between Bucky and Natasha as they look at him, and then towards each other. They don’t say anything to him as he pulls on a hoodie and slips out of his apartment.
Cutting down their time together is a bit of an understatement, in Tony’s opinion.
“Everyone in here is an idealist. A cynical idealist. Apparently not you though.” The man is teasing him, Tony knows, but knowing just makes it worse. He clears his throat before he lets himself stumble on his words again.
“How ‘bout you make some noise for me.” Bucky tugs a bit harder at his hair, and Tony obliges, his breathy panting turning into whorish whines and wet moans in turn as Bucky lets go of his hair to instead swipe a hand down on his ass, harsh and fast. A stinging handprint leaves its mark and sets a plump red spot for each slap that follows.
His little spurts of rebellion in college hadn’t gotten far—none of into the hands sleazy magazine publishers. Not when Howard could offer much more for footage and truthful rumors than what any Star Magazine or Us Weekly might. Hang those types of numbers above the heads of any college student eating cup noodles and packaged nuts and
He’s processed that the odds are still in his favor—that his face hadn’t been seen, he’d wiped his prints. It had been
“This one is just for you. I know you’re going to enjoy it, Tony.” Steve whispers into his ear, but Tony isn’t listening.
“He--He’s-”
So suddenly that Tony can almost taste the desperation to get away in the air. He’s left alone on the floor, Nomad’s bag along with him. It smells strongly of paint, and it takes a moment for Tony to gather his bearings.
Stark Tower.
Natasha pays the cab fare of fifty-two dollars, tips the driver, and the three of them get out. “This will be where you need it.” Bucky lifts the black bag up, holding his stencils and paint cans inside, for emphasis. Steve nods and Natasha waits for the cab to drive away before she pushes Steve’s mask into his hands. “I’ll be across the street waiting.” She turns and points to a small café. Bucky kisses Natasha, then pats Steve’s back and wishes him luck before he’s gone. Steve is left alone on the sidewalk.
Steve blinks. How could it not be?
He instead watches his father, watches him fire two hardworking men like they were worth nothing, and then begin to walk out the door once they’ve gone.
“Who else in this room can say they were five seconds from punching Danny Rand in the face?” He asks smugly, only to groan in exasperation when Natasha raises one hand and lifts up the other to cover a growing smirk. Bucky’s face scrunches up when his girlfriend sits next to him, but wraps an arm around her nonetheless.
“I’ll catch us a taxi. Hurry up and change.” She says, pursing her lips at his flustered expression. Steve can only manage a short nod before he stumbles to the bathroom doors. It doesn’t take but a short moment, he took the most time somewhat folding the tux he’d been wearing before shoving it into the bag Natasha had handed him.
When he’s finally standing in front of his door, Tony pulls his key from his pocket and unlocks it with a weary sigh. He expects to be spending another night alone, but when he pushes open the door, he’s unexpectedly greeted by the ardent, soothing
If Nomad thinks that little of him, thinks he can play him like a fiddle, flirt with, dance with, and steal from him so easily, Tony is going to prove him so, utterly wrong.
Tony swallows. He doesn’t meet Pascal’s eyes when the man walks past him out the door.
Howard Stark. Everyone here is running the world. We’re in a room filled with the top one percent of the one percent, and you’re talking about idealism? The elite don’t thrive on wishful thinking. I’m certain you didn’t get here with a little wishful thinking.”
he is, how
It’s Bucky’s turn to sigh, and Steve can tell this information has stressed his friend out as well, since Bucky pulls his hair from its slicked back bun just to tussle his hands through the brown locks.
“If you two don’t mind,” He gestures to the shore, “the waves are picking up. Surf
“And this leads to you getting caught how?” Bucky speaks up. Steve can tell he’s upset.
“Explain.” Bucky shoots back quickly, his laidback attitude overtaken by concern. Natasha’s expression remains neutral, but Steve knows she wants to know just as much as well.
Steve lets out a low whistle at Bruce’s conclusion. Thor joins him, lowering his sunglasses and nodding slowly in approval. None of them look away until Thor decides to push his can towards Steve. “Hold my beer. I’m going to talk to him.”
Startled, Steve flinches a little, but doesn’t answer quite yet.
He doesn’t get an answer when both Bucky and Nat look over at him and gawk.
“We talked, and hell, he’s the one who started off. Said Stark would crucify him if he didn’t show up to the thing—that his dad is a cynic and a bastard. I can’t say I wasn’t surprised…but at best it was probably just some petty rich kid rebellion, talking about his dad like that with a guest.”
When Steve glances at the lifeguard post, he smirks when he sees that the chair has been abandoned. At closer inspection, the lifeguard has once again climbed down from his post, but when Steve takes a step in his direction, he notices that the guy is…
Still, his conversation with the younger Stark was rather engaging too, and he quite liked the way
When Steve cranes his head back to look up into the distance, he can still see some faint lights shining from the top of the tower. It’d been nearly three hours since he’d left. He’s got no clue what’s still going on up there, and he’s almost glad of it. His gut wrenches just thinking about what he’d done tonight.
The stencil is of a dripping red peace sign, painted by two soldiers with a bucket full of blood. The soldiers are holding Stark guns.
The things he does in the name of…
He’s far too embarrassed of how selfishly self-indulgent he’d let himself be. It’d put their whole operation in jeopardy. If he gets caught, or Bucky, or to whatever extent Natasha as well, they’re all in for a less than pleasant experience, court, fines, and jailtime. All of them have skin in the game, and they aren’t prepared to just let it get snipped.
He stares at the room in front of him, and for only a brief second, is completely silent.
Steve doesn’t know if it’s the darkness of the room that’s making the expression on Tony’s face unreadable. He doesn’t really want to find out. Steve swallows. He’d been caught red-handed. The mask feels heavier on his face; he’s glad he hadn’t removed it.
He refuses to open his eyes as his hips stutter and he cums with an earnest moan.
Tony lets out a breathy laugh that fades into the silence of the empty room.
Tony gapes, watching the man sprint across the room like somethings chasing him and head straight into the elevator. Despite the distance now between them, Tony can see the man looking right at him until the elevator doors slide shut.
this is okay too.” Tony eyes the television from around Bucky’s looming figure, and he doesn’t get any other words out before he’s being lifted and groped.
He sees that Steve read his message, and is slightly discouraged by the lack of a response.
“I haven’t even brushed my teeth yet, but this
Whoever had coordinated tonight’s security had arranged for both pre-employed and event-only guards to be standing near the obvious entrance points around the perimeter of the building, or lurking around the first floor to intimidate lingering reporters—a limited number of guards remain on the penthouse floor with the partygoers.
And then there’s a hand cupping his cock through his trousers. Tony doesn’t notice straight away.
everywhere. All over the wooden floor, on the cream colored walls—
Thor and Bruce both seem to think about the proposition for a moment.
And it’s mutual. Steve leans down to kiss him, and Tony, red faced and teary-eyed, finds no trouble in kissing right back. It’s an uncomfortable position for both of them, and Bucky must notice, because the speed of the thrusts increase. Tony is being driven down against the mattress now, his bare cock roughly, almost uncomfortably so, rubbing against the sheets.
“Bucky—”
He can keep his eyes squeezed shut and listen to the sound of Steve’s baritone voice and will this all away, pretend that this isn’t happening to him. Hope it’s just some wild illusion. And while he can’t convince himself that this is a dream, he can falsely force himself to believe that
next chapter will include howards reaction to his office (thanks steve) tonys inner detective coming out (watch out steve), and a new character appearance
There’s a general agreement between them that the lifeguard is smoking hot. He’s got dark-brown hair, looks to be lean with muscle, and the devilish grin he has on his face when he sits back down in his chair is brighter than the sun.
He can practically hear Tony’s stupid teasing voice in his head.
Steve guesses that it makes sense in a way, he really doesn’t know anyone who genuinely likes Howard Stark—horny libertarians and the rest of the right-wingers, he doesn’t count.
The cold has been biting him through his little hoodie and t-shirt since he’d left his apartment, but when he shivers, it’s because he wishes so badly that he could sink into the walls around him. His paranoia still running rampant, he supposes. He can’t quite piece together why it all feels so much more intensified this time.
“I’ve got a surprise for you, baby.”
had been the hardest parts anyway.
“Well I’m not getting one. That one is fine.” He approaches them and both Bucky and Natasha stop to hold a hand out to halt him. “Go take a shower.” Bucky laughs when Steve gapes. “Your clothes are hanging on the door.” Natasha adds, a satisfied lilt in her voice. Whether it’s from the printer spontaneously beginning to work, or because the clothes he’s not supposed to ask about are on the door, he doesn’t know. He’s afraid that if he asks, Natasha will somehow fit him into a black garbage bag and tell him to go like that.
If looks could kill…
Steve is still watching, Tony knows, so he takes a moment to lick the salty substance that’s smeared nearest to his mouth. Like any good husband would, he knows Steve likes it when he swallows, and he’s a good husband.
“Hey. What are you doing back there?” Another person has entered the alleyway.
“I’ve missed you.” Steve whispers in his ear, and between the piercing violin music playing from the speakers, and his heart threatening to explode in his chest, Steve’s voice seems to ground him—keep him from screaming, stop his sobbing.
Tony feels his stomach lurch as he gags.
At least that’s what he’s been telling himself since it’d been printed on the cover of the latest Sport’s Illustrated magazine.
The woman lets go of him after she’s finished writing, and Steve raises his phone to shine his flashlight onto his hand.
As he makes his way towards the piano, he finds himself drawing a blank.
“N-No.” Tony rasps. Of course he doesn’t want to be anywhere near a godforsaken dead body, but the smell of blood has become so nauseating.
“I’ve got you, baby.” Is all Tony hears before there’s something
The trio watches, jaws dropping simultaneously as a dark-skinned man with only swim trunks on seems to angelically glide down from what’s at least an
He groans and begins the walk of shame back towards Thor and Bruce, proceeds to politely thank the group of women for complimenting his skill, and subsequently punches Bruce in the shoulder, who’s now laughing at him like he hadn’t basically done the exact same thing just minutes ago.
“Why don’t you get us some drinks.” He prompts quietly, his voice dismissive and purposefully cold, and watches as Tony actively frowns this time, but concedes.
He doesn’t have a clue what the woman with the camera is up to, why she’s snooping around looking for information on Hydra, or what in God’s name she thinks of him, but it’d probably be in his best interest to get out of her direct suspicions and away from this alleyway as soon as possible.
He squints at where he knows he’d just set down his blazer. It's time to haul ass and get the hell out of here.
There are two people in his life that Tony holds close to his heart.
It’d been Steve who introduced them, after the wedding. Bucky was his husband’s childhood friend. Steve had been standing right there when they’d met, yet the presence of his husband didn’t make the mutual attraction any less undeniable to Tony.
“Steve, honey, remember to try and take your time.”
It had started off simple—innocent, after a conversation with a particularly talkative customer asking about supplies to make large stencils. Stencils for graffiti. Steve remembers the first night he’d went out to do some of his own. An abandoned warehouse in Hell’s Kitchen had been the first victim of Nomad.
All three of them surf well into the morning, and don’t seem to mind when more and more people—couples, families, fellow surfers—begin to share the public space with them.
Tony can feel the bile ready to exit his stomach any moment now.
Tony was forced to use his personal access codes instead, and that’s how he’d ended up stumbling across something he evidently wasn’t supposed to see.
It’s Tony Stark. He steps out of the shadow Steve didn’t see him in and he’s holding up Steve’s borrowed blazer.
Tony turns his head to the side to get a glimpse of Steve, who is unsurprisingly staring right back at him. His spouse’s face is red, and his lithe, pale body looks impossibly smaller in the cushioned chair he’s sitting in. Tony momentarily lets his eyes drop from Steve’s eyes to his slow moving hand, but he doesn’t get much staring in before he can feel the pressure of Bucky’s cock slowly sliding into his ass, and Bucky is suddenly yanking his head back by tugging on his hair, which breaks his eye contact with Steve.
“Sorry I don’t have any cards on me.” She adds after seeing him look at his hand.
Steve is his husband. He loves Steve.
gets leaked.
Tony still knows he’ll have a sore throat for the rest of the day.
The corpse that Steve had brought into their home.
There’s no way.
And as another deliciously added bonus—Steve picks up his phone to reread the text message he’d gotten earlier in the day, feeling positively and helplessly giddy—Bucky had actually fucking done it. Bucky is going to be part of the god damn security for the event. The excitement has him nearly rubbing his hands together and barking out a butchered evil laugh. He restrains himself, and quickly stuffs his phone back into his back pocket as a customer approaches the checkout counter.
The feeling of the fabric restraining his arms, rubbing against and chafing at his wrists gets Tony even more worked up as he waits for Bucky to
Tony swallows and his cheeks remain red because he feels stupid and
“And I totally bumped into him. I’m telling you Nat! It was Tony Stark and he looked absolutely out of it. I think I might have bruised his forehead.”
piss off and embarrass Howard Stark. The inevitable flurry of reporters that will be harping Stark for a statement as the charity ball press rolls in is not a loss either. Not at all.
Natasha gives him a blank stare, and Steve regrets sitting on the ottoman, having no cushion against his back to recoil against. It’s a nasty look directed at him that he doesn’t want to see.
“Please…” Tony murmurs, lightheaded.
Ok yes I came up with this ridiculous AU out of literally nowhere. My mind supplied masquerade ball au and while I was talking to a friend about Banksy this just… happened.
Such well-known figures are usually easily recognized when most of them wear skimpy, custom made masks.
He’d messed up big time, and from the way he’d entered the café—all flustered from sprinting out of Stark Tower—Natasha probably has that figured out already. However, when they get into the cab together, the ride back to his apartment is similar to the one only hours ago, silent.
“Fuck. Sorry. Is it bad if I ask you for directions—I’m here for the security briefing for the event? It’s a one time thing and I don’t really know my way,” The man motions to the area behind Tony. “around here.”
Steve’s pillow is stained with tears.
Thor glances back at the lifeguard and
Doing graffiti on Howard Stark’s property?
Despite his fame and his title, though, he’s still a pretty nice guy, parading healthy rivalry and all around good sportsmanship towards his fellow competitors—namely Bruce Banner. The suddenly notorious Steve Rogers who’d appeared in the competitive surf scene out of nowhere, he knows little about.
Physically, Bucky had everything Steve did not. Broad shoulders, toned muscles, facial hair, and a knack for fucking twinks until their own names become questionable.
Bucky is already dressed for his job—his hair once again styled in a tightly pulled bun, stray hair slicked back with spray. His friend is wearing a basic black tux, but it fits him well, defines enough muscle to clearly let people know not to fuck with him.
He doesn’t know why he allows himself to entertain Tony Stark for much longer than he needed to. They stand there dancing for the next few songs, until Steve pulls away and he almost wants to apologize, watching Tony’s eyes flutter open and the shadow of a frown on his lips. It almost hurts to send him away.
They tangle their arms around each other, and Tony doesn’t stop Steve from kissing him as he begins to earnestly put his all into short thrusts and happy moans.
“Maybe you don’t need it after all. Little Stevie enough for you?  If you want it so bad, do it right.”
Tony wants to laugh, he really, really wants to laugh.
be considered a complete waste of Tony’s time, since he’s rarely gotten off by Steve’s hand.
A month into their marriage, Steve had invited Bucky to the house. He'd watched, and promptly sketched his husband sucking face with his best friend.
Except, there’s one little thing. Not an inconvenience, per say, but something he definitely runs the extra mile for.
Bruce goes first, claiming he’ll be able to end the competition early as soon as he has his surfboard under his arm. He catches the first wave he gets to, expertly standing to his feet as his board lifts up with the 5 foot beauty. As he’s carried forward by the wave, he holds his arms out with confidence.
What had he called him?
“Why would you ask that?” He asks, like Bucky hadn’t sent the message to their group text. Everything has gone perfectly according to plan.
He finally lets out a chuckle when he’s out of earshot of Howard, albeit a pained one. Tony thinks whatever dolt had decided to do graffiti on Stark Tower the night before Howard’s famed socialite gathering is a brilliant. Outrageously so. Every billionaire and his trophy wife will be at the damned thing. A whimsical, stuck up penthouse “ball” where there might as well be cocaine dispensaries in the bathrooms. This year, Howard himself had chosen the theme, announcing it to story-starved journalists who’d stuck around a few minutes after the end of a press-conference.
Steve had told him,
With no walls or doors blocking his ear’s from the music playing in the room, Tony wouldn’t be able to tell that Steve sounds out of breath if not for how close he is behind him.
They were the ones who’d put Bucky in the hospital and permanently damaged his arm, after all.
His husband is, and always has been, a man of small stature. He’d been sickly since the day Tony had met him. Weak lungs, awful asthma, and a ridiculously skinny body to boot.
“I don’t know anything you don’t.” Steve answers, lies. He motions to the wall. “You said it yourself. Hydra. They’re no good. But…”
His PR team easily had picked up the nickname, and he now sports Pepsi as his biggest sponsor—the red, white, and blue logo printed fashionably onto his standard competition wetsuit.
Even with his eyes shut, Tony knows that Steve’s just put the corpse’s mouth around him.
, who just so happens to currently hold the title of overall WSL Championship winner, with a whopping total of 59.600 points, easily takes the cake as being the hunkiest surfer ever.
“A hypocrite too. Where would you be without wishful thinking? Where would all these people be? I don’t favor anything about Howard Stark, but once upon a time this building was only a vision in his head. Look at the world around us, then backtrack 50 years and tell me again wishful thinking doesn't get us far.”
He can’t take his eyes off the dead body.
He’d laid down fucking newspaper—which wasn’t doing much now, all red and soaked, and
Tony takes comfort in the words. Not their meaning, but their sound, rather.
is the art by Banksy that I’ve got Steve plastering all over Howard’s shit.
Tony easily nods his head. “I need it.” He repeats.
Natasha is messing with his desktop and his printer, while Bucky greets him with a wave and a grin. “God you need a new printer.” Natasha scoffs when she finally looks up at him, raising her eyebrows like he’s supposed to produce one from thin air.
Why would Tony Stark even bat an eyelash in sympathy? Steve had quite literally vandalized Stark’s property—twice.
Recently, as in today recently, his alias has been re-gaining rapid fire attention after his rather ill-mindedly placed painting
look. “To this
Bruce Banner, when he’s decked out in his usual surf gear, is entirely a new person. There’s something about when he pulls on his preferred green wetsuits that de-aligns him completely from himself. No more tea, to hell with yoga, and what’s the point of being one with nature? The contradictory feelings are even more intensified when he braces himself in the water.
“Ste—”
He’s not going to let anyone win against him.
“Open.”
Still, he wasn’t always this popular. His career had been on a downward spiral until he’d signed with Waititi Sports, who’d managed to help him outshine previous mishaps in his surfing career while simultaneously popularizing the Thor brand. All they’d really told him to do though was cut his hair.
Bucky wastes no time with shoving himself down Tony’s throat, and Tony immediately gags and moves his hands to hold onto Bucky’s waist. Having something to hold makes it easier when Bucky begins his relentless pounding.
Tony slides himself down on Bucky’s bare cock with a loud groan. He allows himself to feel the stretch—the slight burn and simultaneous fullness that Steve can only give him in dreams—before he puts his effort into riding Bucky. He feels his boyfriend’s hands all over him, rubbing at his chest and down his back and squeezing his ass as Tony repetitively lifts himself up and drops back down to bottom out on Bucky’s cock.
Tony feels obligated to give credit when it’s due, though, for pointing out that Howard needs to possibly not give out hard copies of tickets
“I got caught.” He says simply. Nat squints and Bucky sits up, the tension in the room rising tenfold.
Steve is biting at his lip as he approaches Howard’s office. The room is large, the walls are glass, and inside Steve sees a dark mahogany desk, a desktop sitting on it. Outside the door, is his black bag that Bucky must have placed. He doesn't spare a thought to how Bucky had gotten it there, and instead takes off his blazer, giving it a poor fold before he sets it down and picks up his bag.
Being brought up in Brooklyn for most of his life had always been a bit of a hindrance for him, as being from a city up north with notoriously cold winter weather isn’t usually how most surfers get ahead of the game, but Steve, from a young age and due to frequent family visits down to Miami, had always held a natural inclination towards the sport.
“Earth to asshole.” The woman breaks his train of thought, and Steve turns his flashlight to the ground as he faces her again. She considers him for a moment. “You know something.” She asks, but it’s no question she doesn’t already know the answer to. The way she’d said it, she almost reminds him of Natasha.
The man, even behind his mask, looks surprised at Tony, if only for a moment. “You’re quite the realist.” He says.
Tony reaches his climax and pulls away from Steve to moan Bucky’s name into the sheets.
As soon as Bucky’s fingers are off of his nose, Tony takes a deep breath, his eyes rolling back as he slides his hands up his body to rest on his chest. He knows he looks like a mess by now, with his unruly combination of bedhead, a freshly fucked throat, and his reddened, spit covered face.
Howard had needed to clean it off as soon as possible. With the annual Stark charity gathering—
He supposes taking his pseudonym for signing his work to the extent of having it become a well-known political figure
Steve manages to withhold a laugh when Bruce angrily trudges through the sand, and watches Thor dodge a punch when the Aussie does burst out in laughter. He goes next, catching a similar wave to Bruce’s. He executes his small performance excellently, feeling quite satisfied when a group of women clap for him, their little contest seemingly gaining a small audience of beachgoers.
Tony groans in dismay, because Steve is the reason he’s here, and he’d much rather think about other things than sex with Steve.
comments/feedback/kudos appreciated!
He’s interrupted by the audience that their little surf-off had attracted. They’re cheering, but for who?
“You have no idea. Howard Stark would burn me at the stake.”
“I’ve got you, baby.” Tony can hear Steve’s voice above the fading music, above his fast beating heart and low pants for air.
catches the attention of the trio, and Steve is just about to break into a sprint to get back to the water when Bruce puts a hand on his shoulder to stop him. Steve is just about to smack him away, but seeing Thor squint in the direction of frantic splashing gets him to pause.
“Then you’re going to work for it.”
“I—It was fine at first.” He starts simply, the stutter making him clear his throat. “I was going to take the emergency exit stairs down to the next floor, but then Tony Stark—and he…and I-I danced with him, alright? I teased him and talked crap about his dad right to his face and he—he agreed with me! So I asked him to dance and we did and I just sort of…stole his keycard instead of one of the attendants. It was right there! I didn’t think he’d follow me. I swear he didn’t even know I’d taken it—” Steve takes a deep breath, not even realizing how red his face has turned between his flushed stutters and poor, rambled out explanation.
“Make him look at it.” Steve grunts from across the room, and within seconds Tony’s jaw is being squeezed, his head jutted out uncomfortably towards the screen.
“If you need to call someone, Tony, you can do it later. Besides, we haven’t spent time together in so long. I’m trying to make it up to you, sweetheart. Aren’t you going to say anything?” Steve moves forward to pull Tony into a hug, and begins to card his fingers through Tony’s hair the way he knows Tony likes it.
He doesn’t notice Steve slowly walking over to him.
His fans, his sponsors, and the like, they call him
In the shower, Steve allows the lukewarm water hitting his back to somewhat wash away his anxiety. There’s no way it’s all just going to go away because of a shower, but it helps him relax. He’s doing this. Hell, he’d already broken the law, and last night hadn’t been the first time either. Infiltrating Stark Tower?
He raises an eyebrow, slightly confused but nonetheless deterred, and pulls the door open. Steve is indeed standing directly in front of the door, facing him.
Bucky, of the three of them, seems the most excited when he returns, despite being the one who actually worked the longest. The fact that he was the only one getting paid of the three of them probably factors into the grin he has on his face when he plops down on Steve’s chenille couch with such a blissful sigh.
He’s frantically wiping away at the blood Steve had gotten on his face, trying to
“What if he was being honest with you? He might not have told Stark anything. The security footage, well we knew that would be a problem. It’s why the mask stayed on.” Bucky continues, and Steve can’t help but think the way he sounds so genuinely hopeful is rather off-putting.
But she’d come bearing news. Bad news. Hydra’s heads do grow back.
He almost wants to ask.
Steve holds his face there for a moment, as if he’s going to kiss him.
But the more Howard, red-faced and royally pissed off, yells about the disgusting graffiti spreading lies about his company, the more Tony wants to high-five the guy responsible.
He can feel it so vividly, the slack jaw and deadweight tongue encompassing and sliding against his length as Steve grips the back of the body’s head to move it.
Now that he’s out of school, he’s often being forced to shadow his father. It’s tiring and dull and Howard spits when he yells.
“Steve.” He whines, looking to where his husband had rolled off of him to catch his breath. “Steve, drive me to Bucky’s.”
