When Sherlock wanted to investigate deeper, he had to seek help from Lestrade and even Mycroft. With the help of Scotland Yard and the British Government, a large criminal group named "Moriarty" was found. Under the cover of the war, it quietly weaved a criminal network in London underground, involved in various crimes in all aspects. Lucky that it was uncovered during the embryonic stage, to prevent its expanding and its infiltration into the British government and among Europe and the United States.
Sherlock widened his innocent eyes and looked at John, seemed like still the inexperienced virgin child. He was trembling under John's invasion, heavily breathing, the whole body was on fire. John could never stop watching this Sherlock, his Sherlock, the Sherlock that only let him explore...
Did you hear what Mycroft said by your bedside, about the terrorist attack on the Houses of Parliament? I thought the case would be faster to be solved if you were there. Waiting for you to wake up and work with me again. Without our exciting adventures, the amount of exercise is greatly reduced, sitting around you all day, muttering, I'll soon become a nagging middle-aged short fat man.
Sherlock met Lestrade could be by pure chance, but it could also be inevitable. Sherlock’s extraordinary deduction skills had been famous among the vagrants, different street people came to seek help from him, as a reward, Sherlock asked his clients to provide information to him as the Homeless Network. That was why Sherlock could know where had a crime just happened in the district with the first-hand information, so he could rush to the crime scene and observe the clues before the police had cleaned up everything. As a result, Sherlock became a regular visitor to the crime scenes, he always bluntly ridiculed those police officers as complete idiots and pointed out the obviously huge amount of evidence that they totally missed. Most officers ignored him, not violently drove him out would be counted as good temper. Excepted one, the Inspector Lestrade, he treated Sherlock with an unusual patience, and would even listen to him to change the direction of the investigation.
"Let's find a flatmate! Who can help you share the rent, and also can keep an eye at home to make sure it's safe, to prevent you be driven out again!" Sherlock's colleague Mike Stamford said when he came to the lab to take the report.
Then John brought Sherlock to a Chinese restaurant, ordered a full table of dishes and taught Sherlock how to eat with chopsticks.
James went closer to Sherlock, one arm holding his waist, one hand stroking his chest, stroking his sensitive nipples underneath the thin shirt cloth. His lips lingering slid down Sherlock's shoulder and neck, and the warm moisture of his mouth wandered around Sherlock's ear.
"You had an extramarital affair first, that person existed before you married her - or to be said, your wife is the extra person in your relationship, you in love with that person first.”
For the spiritual changing, they both occupied all the leisure hours of each other’s, they became their partner's focus. When there was no need to on shift or went to school, they would come here, using all the time to occupy each other's body, turned themselves to be their partner’s habits, let the other one be hooked and be addictive.
Siren sounding, the ship was about to set sail. Sherlock looking around, expecting the man would come bid farewell to him, but he found through and through in the public, still could not find him.
Sherlock peeped to John's face, just found a tense expression of contemplation. Sherlock's hand was naturally placed on John's thigh, stroking it, as was customary in the past, hoping to soothe John's fickle mood. But John froze immediately, then gently stopped Sherlock's hand and slightly moved away - which meant refusing.
"Who knows?" Mike shrugged his shoulders and smiled, dimples appeared on his round face. "The world is so big, there must be someone who can get along with you." Then he pushed the door and left.
September 7, 1940, Nazi Germany strategically decided to stop the aerial warfare and started a systematical bombing of the British capital. From this day to November 3, London was bombed for 56 out of the following 57 days and nights by an average of 200 fighters per night, only the first two days caused more than 800 people died.
"I can’t." John turned round. "You have no experience at all, and you are too young... I..." He closed his eyes.
John across the window looked at the boy he just met, whose back gradually drifting away. His heart had a sense of loss, did not know if they have a chance to meet again.
"Oh, nice to meet you." Mrs Holmes smiled, showed her upper-class manner, but the feel was so cold and unwelcoming
“As you said, I am now full of grievances, just want to go for a ride. I hope you could come with me.”
Sherlock tried to bring John back to school on a holiday night, sneaked with him into the unmanned school library, let John shag him from behind in front of the bookshelves of his favourite section where contained chemical books, then laid on the long desk in the study area and let John fuck him hard over it.
"Um... it's just an experiment," Sherlock smirked. "You know I like experiments." He winked at John and disappeared at the door.
"More unbearable," Victor swallowed. "My student card is gone. I just went to the School General Office to do the replacement. But there was no one there. I was surprised to hear the strange noise coming from the Vice-Chancellor's Office."
John just hugged him, clinging tightly, buried his face into Sherlock's shoulder and swallowing his tears in silence. Sherlock rubbing his back and stared at the ceiling.
It was a gloomy afternoon, after sex, John sleeping naked in bed. Sherlock did not put on any clothes, just walking around naked in the apartment, as if they returned to the Garden of Eden, wouldn't scruple to appear in the natural state because it was so normal and beautiful. Sherlock was checking the progress of his experiment - he already moved his researches and experiments from dormitory to here, the experimental equipment and books had occupied John's table, chair and part of the floor. This was only the visible physical changing.
Now only left Sherlock and John sitting side by side on the couch, embarrassment spread for an instant, totally silenced.
thank God. Although my heart followed him to fall down from the rooftop, passed several floors, still hadn't broken into pieces, still struggling to survive.
With a whimper, Sherlock shot in his own hand and leaned against the wall. Masturbation In the shower, this was his first time, but he expected that it would not be the last time. And his fantasy, might come true one day.
John stared at Sherlock closely and fascinating by his enticing green eyes, his fingertips depicting Sherlock's cheekbone. Sherlock never tried to breathe the breath of another person at such a distance, he trembled and closed his eyes. John saw his vibrating eyelashes, the hand on his cheek started shaking.
Although while seeing someone else - specifically, a woman - lying on his and John's bed, Sherlock was really upsetting.
A lovely blonde woman with a medical background, who worked in the same clinic with John and flirted with him, even invaded Baker Street and smart enough to contribute our case investigation.
Like this time, after Sherlock bathed, he received the internal reports from Lestrade and could take a look at the testimony, and he quickly found the suspicious place. So the two went to the crime scene and the Scotland Yard and finally found the suspect within a police group.
“A gift!” Sherlock snorted - he already recognised that Miss Adler’s personal belongings were the female things he had seen in John's apartment, and the expressions on John and Adler’s faces let him knew that they were not meet for the first time - and then he stood up, inviting Adler to dance before Mycroft, and took her to the center of the dance floor in front of everybody who was in shock by it.
Sherlock had no time to inform John of the news by himself. John eyed him in shock, but Sherlock just avoided him.
"What's up?" Sherlock held his burning face, biting his teeth, and looking up to the detective, he had seen last time who named Lestrade. "Have a new case?"
Lestrade was too kind to him, treated him just like a big brother, Sherlock was skeptical about his real motive. When Lestrade went to work, Sherlock would investigate his things, searched any suspicious clues in his apartment. And he finally found out the truth.
"No, you're wrong!" Sherlock had just finished the deduction in his mind and jumped out of bed right away, knelt down in front of John and forced John to face him. "I love you, I love you."
"Sh~" John put his finger on his lips, said jokingly, "Don’t tell anybody." Then winked at Sherlock.
This day when James came here looking for Sherlock, he would be impossible to guess his ending - was trapped in a flooded underground air-raid shelter, one leg crushed by a fallen iron cabinet, being nailed to the ground and being left underwater forever.
No matter how dark it was, Sherlock absolutely knew what they were doing and how to do it by the sounds. As a bystander, he deeply felt how distasteful and disgusting about this kind of thing, indulging in the pleasures of the flesh, the dirty lustful sounds, became primitive beasts which just let the instinct blindly drove them. Although he covered himself with the sheets, the image of two naked bodies twisted together still disturbed him so much, and the horrible lustful sounds resounded everywhere - were he and John's making love was also like that? Just had been an opportunity to give vent to their beast-like lust? Was it meaningless, just a waste of time?
"I was just too arrogant." John suddenly laughed. "Thought that I could do something for my family, could make them happier. I never thought of a twisted fate..."
But when Sherlock getting closer, he found it something was going wrong - it was too much publicity to be parked in front of the front door, and it was simply another black car that Sherlock had never seen, only looked similar to John's ride.
"Oh, I see..." a hurt expression flashing quickly in his eyes, the man then lowered his head and clenched his fists, smiled politely. "I'll find another apartment then." He walked across Sherlock, walked straight towards the door with a limp.
Sherlock seemed to be more persuaded by the latter explanation - human nature, people were egoists, it was logical.
The car door was opened suddenly, Sherlock stared at the person who was coming out - turned out to be his roommate Victor Trevor who wearing a scared look on his face, and even avoiding eye contact with Sherlock, just passed Sherlock with a taut face, backed to the dormitory with a guilty conscience.
Sherlock froze, his brain had too much information shouting at the time, in complete chaos. Then he turned with horror and stared at John's back, so scared that he did not make any sound in time. "Wait..." He almost lost his voice because of the scare. "Wait!"
When they finished, they only lay naked without a word. John sat against the headboard to light a cigarette, Sherlock just leant against him and looking at the emptiness. At this moment, the sunlight had been nearly gone, the room with no lights soon would be swallowed by the dark shadow. John smoked, then he put the cigarette to Sherlock's mouth, so Sherlock smoked.
"Do you really not care about that the rest of my life will be tied to another woman and sleep with her on one bed?"
Under Sherlock’s caressing, John could not resist to moan and groan loudly, and then he roared and pushed Sherlock, pressed against him on the bed, biting his lips thirstily, his eyes full of dangerous primitive longing, took off all their clothes at the fastest speed. Sherlock looked at this John, softened in bed, just let John fiddling with him as if he had returned to the inexperienced first time.
When I read you these little stories by your bedside, I saw your lip curled. Did you find it amusing when you heard the "sparks" between you and Molly or even Moriarty?
Sherlock did not want to see that expression on John's face again. He forcibly pushed John down on the bed, pressed his entire body against him, fiercely glared at John.
"To be honest, the international situation is very unstable at the moment, I’m not sure what is the next move." Mycroft looked gloomy. "It's still safe here for staying a few more months," he squinted at Sherlock, smiled. "so that you could bid an appropriate farewell to your ‘friend’."
The car had been driven forward, the scene of the road constantly swirling. No one spoke for a long time.
"Then you are a soldier who has just retired from overseas? A national hero!" Mrs Hudson clapped hands excitedly.
They stared each other ecstatically, stabbing and lingering together, creating the greatest pleasure of their bodies. This churning rhythm, the taste of sex, it was fascinated. They watched the other one lost control because of him, and then a white light penetrated the front, they all shot on each other's bodies.
Sherlock was unable to resist, tightly closed his eyes - John, he imagined that was John in front of him, his John... long-lost caress, long-lost kiss, beloved John, I was yours...
"Because you helped me out, boy!" Lestrade rolled his eyes, said helplessly, "I don’t want to admit, but sometimes you might smarter than the sum total intelligence of the entire Scotland Yard, although you’re still a kid!"
"Thank you." John behaved cautiously, the friendly sunny John in the past seemed like a mere illusion that had passed through the ages.
That was it. With Mycroft’s help, they could live in the Family Dormitory for married military personnel immediately. Everything was fine. Sherlock turned around and walked away, there was no business for him.
Sherlock bit his lip, but could not find a word to refute - these days he did be careless, his rational mind often replaced by the fevered mind, too much time and energy occupied by John, he could not even erase him from his mind for a moment.
John took the ointment from bedside, pasted on his hand and massaged into Sherlock's private opening. "Relax," he whispered in Sherlock's ear, kissed his ear, his finger gently pushing into Sherlock's body, "let me in..."
John's hand hurriedly retreated from Sherlock's thigh, leaving only the crumpled mark on his school trousers. Sherlock lightened, trying to calm his own breath of urgency, panicking not know where to put his hands. John behaved like a veteran, calm looking, hands gracefully folded up on the cocked legs, as if nothing had happened.
John stared at him hesitantly, slowly approached him while studying his mind. Sherlock did not retreat a single pace, even took a step forward when John stopped.
"While a sexual crime was committed, why did she not ask for help from the police? In addition to her conservative personality, the suspect might be an acquaintance - forcing her to leave her home and travel to Hong Kong to find you, the suspect is likely to be a family member.” Sherlock glanced at John and looked away again. "And you have a longtime alcoholic brother."
Quite a while, Sherlock and John had not seen each other, Sherlock needed to stay at school for the exam, John’s troop also had special training during the time, they did not have a chance to meet up until Christmas Eve.
"I'm here." Sherlock finally struggling to get free from the blanket, his face reddened as being baked too long, his hair was messy.
"I want." Sherlock's lips slid down John's body, he was pulling down John's pyjama bottoms. "I love you, no matter how you are..."
"You can call it my apartment," said John, brought Sherlock upstairs to a shabby building. "Other soldiers like clubs, love hotels, something like that, but I more concern about cleanness and privacy."
Mycroft's hardworking attitude might have benefited many people in the world, but not his brother Sherlock. The Holmes family had an aristocratic and gentry background, but while came to Mycroft’s generation, it had long been declined. An early dead father and a neurasthenic mother made Mycroft assumed the responsibility of taking care and educating Sherlock. But Mycroft's political talent was soon appreciated by the British government that entrusted him with the task, from a small civil service jumped into a diplomat, was sent to different places for the government to resolve disputes. Sherlock traveled with his brother since he was a little child, running across most of the earth, but never staying in the same place for more than a year. Frequently transferred from one school to another, Sherlock could not find any sense of belonging no matter where. Also because of his eccentric character, Sherlock could not make any friends. He just felt himself floating like a duckweed with the water, no roots and insignificant.
"Your apartment recently greeted some British ladies, one or two?" Sherlock eyed the luxury silk stockings which be left in the sofa gap, and then glimpsed the lipstick sticking on the cigarette butts which laying in the ashtray, "Silk stockings belonged to a smoking woman? Or the smoking one is another lady?"
A clap of thunder, came around as if there was a huge explosion from the distance, but the feeling of vibration was instantly sensed as if very close. Sherlock still trapped by James's body, he vaguely heard the noise of the crowd outside and the thunder of the water, he opened his blurred eyes, found that James was turning around and looking at the flood quickly got in from the small gap of the iron gate.
The man was thin, had a haggard look and dark skin, wearing worn out clothes, one hand holding a cane and stood with a military style, his frowned brows deepened his bitterness and vicissitudes.
John wiped Mary with a towel and covered her with quilts, then stood up and pulled Sherlock aside, carefully eyed at Mary and then whispered to Sherlock, "she’s... pregnant."
Sherlock looked at his extended hand a little bit surprised, hesitated for a while before shaking. "Sherlock Holmes. I never guess, I deduce."
"You are wearing a British army uniform, obviously stationed here in the military. The destination of the ferry is Hong Kong Island, stationed Victoria barracks as a matter of course. But you have the smell of disinfectants, your clothes despite washed still have residual iodine and red syrup splashed off the old stains, so you are a military doctor. " Sherlock pointed to the rescue package in the car. "This can also be corroborated. British troops generally stationed in the form of a three-year shift in Hong Kong, you are already familiar with things here, so it is not new. But you are still not used to the personnel style here, so it is not too long. If you leave soon, the plight of this place will not be too much in mind. But you are full of grievances, should also stay here for some time. You probably came about a year."
Sherlock felt that something was dripping on his lapel and on the floor, he was glad that the tourists beside him were busy waving to farewell that they had no time to become aware of him, and he had no time to take his eyes off and his eyes could only keep fix on the car, until the ship sailed farther and farther, until it became a little black spot that could not be recognized again...
John laughed, "I think we should get enjoyment out of our games, but after all, we have responsibility for our families, which is a man's duty." It seemed that Sherlock did not agree. "Don’t you think your family will find you a matched one? Look at you, studying in an aristocratic boarding school, wearing high quality expensive casual clothes, you know your family will never let you choose a nonmatched person."
"There was a rumor that Rio could do with anyone for money. Everyone secretly talked about it just like it was real." Victor said. "But no one could tell Rio had traded with whom, and everyone seemed to be avoiding to discuss it. I thought Rio was just crazy, might be everyone had misunderstood him, who knows... " His voice became smaller and smaller, and then stopped suddenly.
John was fascinated looking at him, unlocked his buttons one by one, slipped his shirt and his belt off, took off his trousers, squatted to take off his shoes and socks for him, and finally took off his only left white cotton pants. John brought the naked Sherlock to the bed gently, let him lie down, and then stroked his chest and sensitive pink nipples softly. Sherlock closed his eyes and shook.
Does Mary Watson exist after all? Why all her backgrounds and characteristics overlap with someone I knew in the past?
Sherlock glanced at the boring John who seated beside him, John just looked away embarrassingly, feared to make an eye contact with Sherlock would encourage him to do something misbehaved.
Sherlock widened his eyes - it was a letter to home from John, specially wrote for his fiancee Mary. John told Mary that he had a lover in the letter and wanted to cancel the engagement with her.
"ok.” though John was a little bit scared, he turned and raised his bottom for Sherlock. He looked back at Sherlock and smiled, "You are the first."
"Ouch..." Sherlock intolerably twisted, while John kept thrusting him by his fingers, he could not bear it, "John... be quick..."
"At that time, the place I was stationed became a horrible battlefield where the Japanese army mistreated and murdered soldiers, civilians and medical personnel, and they did that could be just for fun. Even if had escaped from being killed, could bear the abuse, it's still hard for anyone to survive from hunger and disease. One year after being detained in a prisoner-of-war camp, not many fellow soldiers survived, it's just me in my team. Later, they brought me to the shipyard of Yokohama in Japan as a slave, I was released after the end of the war. All these years, I lost contact with the outside world, that's why everyone thought my whole team had all long died. " John memorized, although he tried his best to maintain a normal tone, his voice still helplessly trembled as if every word could still sniff the cruel bloody smell.
"No!" Sherlock who was covered in sweat tried hard to avoid him. "No... " He almost black out, only felt that disgusting tongue got inside his mouth again...
"But ... but ..." Sherlock was a bit overwhelmed, and it was not what he imagined. "You help me is because of him, you were sent by him."
Sherlock yearned for free air, the boarding school was not his cup of tea. Nevertheless, it was still better than staying in the same room with Mycroft and eating at the same table with him. So when the hot and swaggering summer holidays ended, embarking on a trip back to school, Sherlock had a sigh of relief that he could finally bid farewell to Mycroft. At the moment, he was wearing a tailor-made white shirt, dark gray trousers, black shoes, on the ferry to the schoolhouse, leaning on the railing, one foot on the iron branch, overlooking the distance, did not know a pair of blue eyes from behind was staring at him.
"I will soon be back to London, and you will stay in Hong Kong to continue your military serving, our lives will not have any intersection after that. You give up a marriage for me, we will still have no happy ending." Sherlock soothing swept John's thigh and smiled, "Don’t be silly, John, we are seeking fun, not seriousness." He teased to touch John, stroking his groin.
When she reached the door, Mrs Hudson looked back hesitantly, "you two can find me if have any problem, anytime is okay!" she finally hurried downstairs when Sherlock glared at her.
Because of the deep unease, Sherlock could not face himself calmly - anytime he was not busy with other things, his mind was not occupied by any interesting problems, he would have another crisis of emotional collapse.
Another week passed. That night, Sherlock laid in his dorm room, did not light, and thinking about John - he suddenly felt a burning lust, he missed John's voice, he longed for John's touch, so he reached into his pyjamas, pretending it's John's hand, pretending John was here...
"Um, frankly, I am quite enjoying the life of a bachelor because it’s freer, and the single person barracks are not as bad as you thought.”
However, Sherlock remembered his indifference towards sex. A boarding school was a place which full of young flesh and sexual temptations, it was difficult for adolescents to control themselves. Sherlock felt like he was strolling in the Wildlife Park in everyday lives, seeing the boys became primitive animal beasts which just let the instinct blindly drove them - a bunch of simple-minded idiots that let the hormones dominating their mind, let the lower part of their bodies ruling their heads - that’s why he had been extremely disdained for sex. He concerned his rational mind as his playground where was more interesting than many things in the world.
"Ah... ah ah..." "Uh-oh..." panting mixed with groans. Obviously, two students were having an affair here where they thought was an unmanned shower.
It did not matter. Sherlock made an appointment with John, they would go back to the apartment, bid an appropriate farewell before their real separation. Sherlock walked with this only hope, moving on.
"Well, I’m glad that you finally made a ‘friend’. I thought your ‘friend’ Captain Watson would be too pathetic celebrating Christmas alone in a foreign land, so I invited him to participate in our dinner, I hope it won’t make you feel presumptuous."
John moaned under Sherlock's touching, and then he sat up and pushed Sherlock's shoulders, pressed him into the mattress and covered him with his whole body. Sherlock twisted back into the middle of the bed, John followed, chasing his lips, kissing his skin. Sherlock panted, feeling he could not parry.
"He is Scotland Yard's Detective Inspector Lestrade, he came to asking me for help." Sherlock still could not stop laughing. "He's having an affair with my brother, so no need to be afraid."
That night, Sherlock stole back to the school dormitory, lying down without changing clothes, pretended to fell asleep when Victor spoke with him. Nevertheless, he could not sleep at all, his stomach aching with a strange twisted feeling, it was weird, he was never like this before.
The water level rose very fast, already lost the trace of James. But Sherlock was so dizzy and had no time to think of him, he could only desperately head out of the water and kept breathing. The ceiling of the backup engine room was very high, almost had three floors height, but the water still quickly drowned to the beam, Sherlock struggling to hold the beam, his head nearly touched the ceiling above, if the water level continuing to rise, very soon he would be killed here.
"I never knew a thing until I returned to my hometown in England," John continued. "It was last month. Their gravestones were overgrown with weeds because no one has ever come to visit them."
John rushed to climb on him and kissed him bitterly, Sherlock endured it with his wide-opened eyes, only unresponsive under the invasion of John’s tongue, completely indifferent. At the end, John could only hug him desperately, used his whole body's energy to imprison him.
Sherlock smirked and did not ask Victor again. He knew exactly whom that person was - Victor crushed on him, he knew it since the first day he entered this room. Probably this was why no one in the school was able to endure Sherlock, only Victor could be his roommate and even chatted with him.
The water level stopped rising and the flooding calmed down. Some debris floating around, while the machines and furniture were submerged in the water.
I rushed across the road, through the crowd, shouting that I am his friend, asking them to let me check his injuries.
"You had had this plan before you met me, I don’t understand what changed after I appeared." Sherlock looked at John coldly. "It is the life you had intended to live, an ordinary people’s life, and the life that you will end up living."
Even in its embryonic stage, Sherlock had to work together with the government and police forces for a total of three years before the "Moriarty" network was finally destroyed (part of the reason was resources were shredded because of the war). If James Moriarty did not die of an accident, if he did not reveal to Sherlock any hint of that organization, if the "Moriarty" group kept growing quietly, that would be unthinkably horrible.
"I should know that a relationship without love doesn't work, a forced couple wouldn't find happiness." John's shoulders collapsed, burying his face in his palms. "It doesn't work with Mary, also doesn't work with you."
Sherlock curled up and leaned against John's back, only wanted to shorten their distance. "Your parents, Mary and kid..."
"Sherlock..." John could not control himself, his shaking lips flapping again. Sherlock saw it, he saw John's expression, he knew it was coming, he knew he could not bear it, so he clasped John tightly and buried his head into John's shoulder, avoiding the scenario he would not dare to think of. John hugged him closely, let himself thrusting in and out of Sherlock fiercely, and then he desperately confessed, "Sherlock, I love you... I love you!" This irrational frenzy pushed the two over the edge of the climax, they sprayed fluids on each other’s bodies, totally mixed up together into a mess.
"I love you too," John said softly, his lips sticking to Sherlock's cheek, a kiss of him as each word was spat out.
Finally, John seemed to be calm down, he wiped his face with his own hand, sucked his nose, pretended nothing happened. Then he looked up to Sherlock, stroking his face, made a plea in a gentle voice, "Would you run away with me? We leave here, go to a place that no one knows us and have a new start - just you and me... "
After that day, Victor did not talk to Sherlock ever again, nor gave him a look. Soon after, he applied successfully to transfer to another room. Sherlock finally lost the only one who was willing to talk to him in school, left only on his own.
Before the temperature cooled down, Sherlock took the towel to clean them up, and then pulled up the quilts to cover them. John soon fell asleep.
I shouldn't have the mind of that era, thinking that feelings are an obstacle which difficult to talk about, thinking that being a successful detective should suppress desires.
Sherlock hurried up and shut John’s mouth with his own lips, gently licked inside his mouth, chasing his tongue, so that he could only whimper and moan. He fumbled with the buttons on John's shirt, took it off, touched every inch of skin exposed, and then he unbuckled John's belt, stroked down his unbuttoned trousers, held John's heavy burning desired prick.
The shagging was extremely tender, on the narrow single bed, Sherlock clung tightly to John, thrust slowly in and out of him and fascinated, felt that they had becoming one, both opened themselves unconditionally to each other.
Sherlock reached for the fence, fingertips gently touched John’s hand, John silenced. John puzzled and looked at him, guessing his intentions. Sherlock suddenly grabbed John's collar by the other hand and pulled him forward, the two became so close but still separated by railing, and those lips were only two inches apart. John's eyes swayed between Sherlock's eyes and lips, and his breath was unstable.
The smells in the darkness, smoke mixed with the taste of semen and sex - I think I will remember it, Sherlock thought.
"Really?" James rolled his eyes that he has been disgusted too. "You think it'll be fun to be with the idiots of the Scotland Yard or standing on the angel's side with your boring British government brother?"
"It's me." Lestrade's shoulders collapsed. "I couldn’t live up to him." He slumped down again and buried his face in his hands. "I like women too. I thought my life would be easier if I chose the road with a woman." He looked at Sherlock. "So I chose that."
In a boys’ school, especially a boarding school, love and crush rumours between boys were not rare, should be an open secret now. Only severe school rules made everything could only be carried out underground, the students are also extremely avoided to mention it, feared those scandals would be passed into the ears of the school or even destroyed their future - after all, this kind of thing was not allowed in the community, their reputations would be seriously damaged by it, and even led to a jail disaster.
It was uneasy for him to arrive at the apartment finally, Sherlock found his looks was so awkward that nearly to make him laugh, but he had no time to care about it, he was just anxious to open the door of 221B.
"Enjoy being tied and hit?" Victor could not imagine. "For this kind of thing, shouldn’t wait until we meet the right person, and only do it with that person?"
"Don’t understand why we must get married." Sherlock frowned, really did not understand. "As I don’t understand why I must go to school, I have already learned by myself."
"It’s so boring. Right?” James glanced at the door as if to know what Sherlock was thinking, his big eyes turned, with an ambiguous strange smile, "Sherlock Holmes, of the Department of Chemistry. There is no puzzle that could make you dance... "
The annoying air-raid siren seems endless. It might pause occasionally, but when the living got back to normal just few days, the siren would ring again and pushed the crowd stuffing back to the shelter.
Soon after Sherlock followed his family back to London, Britain officially declared war on Germany, the shadow of the world war shrouded throughout Europe, Mycroft was ridden by the country after that, he was so busy that could be away from home for months, and had no time to take care of his little brother. Mrs Holmes required her little son went to the countryside of Sussex with her to escape the war, but Sherlock could not tolerate the boring country life, slipped back to London alone on the way, and began his vagrant life in the following months.
Sherlock looked at John with his smiling eyes, watched the warmth in John's eyes fading away, and then John pulled back from their connection and looked aside.
A loud blame took Sherlock's attention - he saw the restaurant owner driving a sissy boy to leave his place.
Sherlock asked Mrs Hudson if he could move in immediately and decided to go straight to Barts to retrieve his luggage. However, in discussing the rent, Sherlock found that even though Mrs Hudson offered a great discount, it was still too expensive for him to rent it on his own in his current economic climate.
Sherlock swallowed John's whole prick and then spat it out, letting the saliva shine and glow on it. He carefully licked its root and balls, kissed it everywhere, and then swallowed it again and used his tongue to caress it. John was trembling and breathing hard under Sherlock's blowjob. Sherlock held on John's hips and kept doing the blowjob for him, deepening each time and gradually accelerating.
Bid farewell to John? Sherlock knew it was inevitable, but never thought about it seriously, nor thought it would be so soon and sudden.
Sherlock came out of bed barefoot, stepped forwards to John; John also turned and got down from the window ledge, reached for Sherlock. Two weeks separated made them missing each other so much, so now they both greedy staring at each other, as if the pole of the magnet could not be avoided by the other side of the deep attraction, Sherlock stretched out his hand and touched John's face, stroked over his eyes bags, cheekbones and lips softly. John clasped Sherlock's face in his hands and pulled him into a vortex-like kiss, sadness, missed, destruction, sweetness, craving and bitter, those huge amounts of feelings exported at a sudden, they drowned, Sherlock would be died by drowning.
Sherlock eventually returned to the dormitory alone, gave a proper space to John and Mary to deal with their problems - especially now involved with infidelity, unmarried pregnancy and premarital sex, all were taboos in the society, were very private things, and happened to a girl, so it was unsuitable to involve an outsider such as Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned at him, thinking about whom James was, but the information he had observed was not much - except that he knew James was misbehaving, and he should be gay.
Mrs Holmes angrily glanced at the frowned Mycroft. And John clenched his fists and bit his lower lip, deadly stared at Sherlock as if he wanted to burn holes on his body by his anger.
During this period, Sherlock temporarily resided in several places, included air-raid shelters, Lestrade's apartment and also some tattered single apartments (driven out by landlords because of failed experiments every time). He completed his chemistry degree in these years, got a part-time job at a chemical laboratory at Barts to earn his living expenses, and continued to act as a consultant detective at Scotland Yard for free, solved many mysteries for the police.
"Wait a minute!" The two in shock and horror hurried to dress up of decent looks embarrassingly, hastily tidied up the bed, and then they exchanged glances, John put his hand on the door handle, turned, "Mary, why are you here? ..." John had not finished his asking, a petite woman went into his arms, buried her head in his chest and cried.
But that was the case in school, would the sex in the society of adults world still that boring? Apart from the low-intelligence peers and hypocritical wily old birds, would there have anyone whose intelligence matching Sherlock, and could play a sex game with him? Would explore other possibilities?
"He... lives downstairs," John replied, clutching the blanket which covering Sherlock, and ignored the action Sherlock trying to uncover it.
All day resting, chatting, playing cards, listening to music (someone brought the phonograph down to the air-raid shelter to play albums), the boredom really drove Sherlock crazy. Even still a few members of the Homeless Network down here, they could not risk their lives to go outside, could not bring any useful information to Sherlock, could not know what happened to Lestrade and the Scotland Yard. Frankly, when hundreds of bombers circled overhead, Sherlock did not think that London criminals would run around the street. The only thing Sherlock could do was reading. Fortunately, he brought a few thick chemical books and the Annals of Crime Archives, could help him pass the time.
I received a wedding invitation from Clara, and the wedding will be held in a small, intimate manor. It reminded me of her unhappy marriage with Harry. Their marriage also began with a bright and warm wedding. I was Harry's best man and attended the wedding with a sad smile, as I just broken up with my ex-commander in the army.
Their hands still held together, and Sherlock could not help but caressing John's hand with his thumb - just like the first time when they shook hands, he copied the action John did to him.
Sherlock found a backup engine room in the depth of the tube station, allowing him to stay alone quietly. All day with a bunch of bored people crowded together, he simply felt him reached an unprecedented limit of disgust about human’s stupidity.
"Ha, where is my eloquent brother gone? You used to say that your great brain was for doing great things, I just know that surrendered to your lower body is such a great thing?"
"I shouldn't have done that! I was too arrogant to assume that I married Mary would solve her problem... She cried the first night after married me, she discovered our relationship and she knew I don't love her... "
"A total stranger." John found the ring on Sherlock's hand too and looked at him with a non-understood expression. "I just met an old schoolmate from the medical school, he said he could introduce a guy to me to be my flatmate."
He saw John still closing his eyes, but leaning forward and reached for Sherlock in his sleep. John hugged him and buried his face into Sherlock's neck, rubbing his ears, murmured, "What are you thinking?"
John covered them with blanket immediately, then he showed a protecting gesture in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock sat in the car silently. On the road, silence spread. Their hands were both on the seat, their little fingers barely touched by accident, they moved their hands rapidly to avoid the touch, and looked out the window pretending to admire the scenery, made their distance even bigger.
The driver took Sherlock's luggage and opened the door for him. Sherlock returned to the normal state of indifference, took his suitcase, looked back to John. John's eyes were with attachment and reluctance, his mouth slightly sheeted but could not find a word.
"Relax," John whispered softly in his ear and kissed his ear. "Let me in." He took the bottle on the bedside table, painted some paste on his own hand, and then put them on Sherlock's opening and massaged into it.
Sherlock lowered his head just wanted to peek at John's sleeping face. But at this moment, John clenched his hands around Sherlock's waist, his face buried deeper on Sherlock's chest, as if he did not want to let Sherlock see his face. Did it mean John already woke up and he was willing to let Sherlock hugging him? And he was still willing to cuddle Sherlock? Therefore...
Rescuers later saved Sherlock from the disaster. After a week's rest, Sherlock returned to his original life, and the German bombing offensive against Britain lasted until May 10, 1941. After another four years, the Second World War officially ended.
"No," John turned around, glanced at him and then looked down again. "It's just me, and someone else who wants to rent an apartment too."
"Can you choose to marry me?" Sherlock laughed. "It’s not even an option! What are you confusing at all?"
Then he heard a shout from the neighbouring bed, and then there were only left heavy breathings, seemed they had been finished.
He told himself, everything was over, that was very good, this period’s experience would be very useful for his future life. But this experience also was an overload for him, he did not want to run through such a thing ever again, ended it up early was good, saved the time to be upset and wasted. It was just a game, like his brother said, no needed to be serious.
John was stunned and looked at Sherlock, then tried to calm himself down and smiled, "She is fine, she should be celebrating the holiday with my parents at our home."
Sherlock closed his eyes and tried to relax and let John's fingers in. Under John’s gentle stroking, the uncomfortable feeling of invading was fading out. Sherlock's chest was flushed, looking at John confusingly and lustfully. John slowly stroked more fingers in, eyes were still inseparable from Sherlock, watching him twisting and panting under his massage, fascinating by his messy and sweaty curls, indulging in his swollen and moist lips as a result of his biting and sucking, that made John irresistible to kiss it again and to swallow Sherlock’s loudly moaning. John’s fingers kept pounding inside Sherlock and brushed against the spot, pleased to see Sherlock spinning out of control and groaning just for him. Sherlock stroked his erection and sounded in a hoarse voice, "Now."
"I got some acquaintances in the army." Mycroft raised his eyebrows to Sherlock. "I can help you get a Family Dormitory for married military personnel, it’s facilities are much better than the single person barracks, and then you can having a family reunion and get married to her in here."
In the next morning, a stranger patted Sherlock's shoulder and handed him a cigarette. Sherlock took it and smoked - it was not the type he had smoked, it was marijuana.
"They all thought I was dead," John said. "My parents had lost their eldest son not long ago, then Mary left, they became so lonely that their daughter-in-law and grandson in Hong Kong were their only sustenance. Then the war started, the most important thing for them was to ask about our news, but the telegram from Hong Kong informed them of my death, Mary and grandson were whereabouts unknown... They were old, couldn't stand it, both got sick. After seriously ill for half a year, they passed away one after another. "
Sherlock hugged him and observed his reaction in case the nightmare recurred. But John seemed to sleep well, so Sherlock followed him to fall asleep unconsciously.
"They're fine. Mary married a British Chinese soldier with her baby and now has a good life in Hong Kong."
Sherlock hearing it wide-eyed, did not understand why the lawmaker could be so illogical that equated the relationship between two humans to animal sex? Although he always knew how his schoolmates avoided talking about homosexuals, he just thought it was caused by the social atmosphere, that it crossed the line of the moralist’s restricted areas. He only thought serious items such as adultery, underage sex, sex at improper places (such as school), prostitution, indecent and rape, those things would be considered as crimes. He never knew such an unreasonable law had always existed in his homeland and its colonies.
John watched Sherlock disappearing behind the house door, feeling completely fascinated by the mysterious teenager.
They went along the school fence, intended to sneak away from the back door, otherwise, they would need to fill in an application form and it caused so much trouble. Sherlock stared at the fence as if he had been offended by the rails - yes, the damned Captain Watson hadn’t been hearing for almost a week.
John sucked Sherlock’s mouth, his chest, his clavicle, and his wet warm lips sliding all over Sherlock’s body, only let Sherlock held him tight while panting and moaning. Sherlock felt John inside him again, so much easier than the previous one, and he clutched the man who shagging him hard, could not do anything but sweating and groaning. Both of them were lost in the pleasure of lust, forgetting everything except sex.
They stopped at the door of 221b, John opened the door and Sherlock followed him into the apartment.
Sherlock opened the wrapping paper, opened the suede box, found a pair of silver rings inside, he took them out, and found that they both engraved with a Chinese character.
John was amused by the serious expression of Sherlock, thought that this boy was really different, weird but very attractive.
When Sherlock's chest still undulating and panting, the car came to a halt - at the front of the school dormitory.
To find a flatmate was such a hard thing for Sherlock, but now even that could be settled down so quickly, Sherlock began to believe that God was finally blessing him.
"Of course, they were just playing pretend, they still kept their trousers, and not too many new students willing to do it, mostly would rather losing the game and being punished for doing a push-up.” Victor hurried to explain, paused. "But there was a new student called Rio who was really crazy, nearly crossed the line, and he so enjoyed." Victor blushed. “The senior who was sipped and licked by him, face gone red and panting, trousers went wet on the front. Rio still hadn’t stopped at that point and even unbuttoned the senior’s trousers. Fortunately, it was timely to stop, he did not touch the zipper and pull it down."
Sherlock took John's hand and leaned forward. John took the opportunity to pull  Sherlock down and kissing him desperately like a drowning man finally found the oxygen cylinder, to taste his own taste in his mouth. Sherlock was happy that John finally responded to him, kissing him back, his John. Sherlock's hand caressed John's body naturally and began to unbuckle John's buttons, wanting to touch more John's skin. But John caught Sherlock's hands, rolled over and pressed down Sherlock under him, eagerly deepening the kiss. Sherlock responded hornily, indulging in the sense of being pressed by John, lost in the French kiss that John led.
John like a suffocated person needed Sherlock's lips like needing oxygen, so he just kept irresistibly touching it - but John kept his lips closed and forced himself to push away from Sherlock's passionate kiss at last.
Sherlock opened his eyes widely and looked at him - John's eyes were red and seemed had cried. And although he was smiling, the expression was lingering with sadness.
"Captain Watson," Sherlock whispered his deep voice whistling through John's ear, "to go visit nearby?"
Then John turned and lay beside Sherlock, falling into sleep as exhausted. Sherlock lay soberly and still dealing with the massive information that squeezed into his head. Those stimulating sensory reactions needed to be categorised and saved into his mind palace. He made a catalogue called "sex" for these materials, he glanced John and then changed the name to "sex with John".
"Your friend?" Sherlock suddenly caught a glimpse of the ring on John's hand, paired with his, but could not see a wedding band - and suddenly he had a glimmer of hope, his heart beating violently.
Lestrade helplessly forced a smile, "At first, I did not even know you’re his little brother." He looked at Sherlock. "Even if you’re not his brother, I would help you. Our country is being in war now, the world is in chaos, if I have the ability to help a talented young man I would do it, is it so difficult to understand? Or I was so bad in your impression, that I wouldn’t do a good thing even I could do it?”
"I like to be your flatmate." John swallowed and looked away. "But I don't want to continue that kind of relationship now, do you understand?" His voice was fading and trembling slightly.
Sherlock's erection kept rubbing between their bellies and finally released. Feeling the tightening contraction around his cock, John shot into Sherlock's body after two more strokes. He was sweaty and fell down onto Sherlock, they both breathing heavily as if the whole world did not have enough oxygen.
When the little black car which Sherlock had a love-hate feelings was parked in front of the dormitory, Sherlock stunned - both the persons he hated most and he loved most were inside here - but he only had a glance on Mycroft who sat in the front seat and immediately put it all behind him, and then he just stared at John Watson who sat in the back seat without blinking, he had never seen John in a formal wear, he looked so gorgeous that made Sherlock stopped breath suddenly. He found John's eyes also fixed on him, perhaps his formal wear looks also enhanced his charm.
Sherlock's chest panting against John, they twisted together paralysed, just kept heavy breathing. Sherlock could not see John's expression as he was clinging on Sherlock, he could only close his eyes and had one thought: it was over.
Being treated with scorn and ridicule by Mycroft, Sherlock just tried to suppress his annoyance, clenched his fists. "Victor doesn’t know anything. What did he tell you?"
Sherlock frowned deeply - this person was hidden something, he knew Sherlock very well to an extremely horrible level. "You appear to be self-contradictory - if they are so boring, and if your game is playing with them, then your game is bored to death!"
John might just on a whim. The letter might not be sent. At least up to now, the letter has not been sent yet. Sherlock decided to pretend that he did not know anything - John did not say a word to him, so Sherlock should not know anything. That was it, left the decision to John.
Sherlock did not know when John had been to here for the decorations, only knew while he stepped into the apartment, immediately covered by the Christmas atmosphere - Christmas ornaments, garlands, Christmas socks, and even a small Christmas tree on the desk, under it had been laid some Christmas gifts.
Stuff slipped from Sherlock's hands and dropped on the ground. He widened his eyes, silently going upstairs to approach the source of the voice.
"I... I just saw it," Victor whispered like he was talking about the most horrible thing in the world.
Mycroft and Mrs Holmes were very happy with this development and jointly decided that they would return to London ahead of schedule. Thus Sherlock would leave soon.
"The aspects of sexual violence, sexual abuse, jealousy, resentment, and inferiority? How these things drive people to lose their temper? Most sexual criminals are related to them."
"Are you?" Mycroft gave a contemptuous laugh. "Hope you could say it to Mummy during the Christmas dinner of this year."
"No..." Sherlock wanted to say something to comfort John, but he was really not good at this area. "I feel sorry for your family..."
Sherlock deadly wanted to push James over, James bit his lip finally, made him taste the blood. "Leave me alone!" Sherlock's voice revealed extreme disgust, wiping his lips and breathing heavily.
A wonderful natural symphony had been composed by sweat, flesh and moans, became the main theme of their time by then. Beyond the imagination of intimacy, they were just a perfect match that had a tacit understanding, it had been growing by the time they shared in the little apartment, and also by the exciting adventures they experienced outside.
At the dinner party, Mrs Holmes treated Mycroft and Adler very kindly, but she just ignored Sherlock and John, no matter how John tried to show his decent sense of humour to please her, the response was cold and unwelcoming. Even unsophisticated as Sherlock, he knew what they were doing and they were done it for a special purpose - his family wanted to humiliate John Watson, made him felt embarrassment for his behaviour as had a taboo relationship with their little son; and Mycroft was demonstrating as a good example to Sherlock how to become a decent and elegant adult.
"I'm looking for Sherlock Holmes," said the man, frowning at the uplifting human shape beside John. "Do you know where he is?"
John held Sherlock's hands over his head with one hand, one hand pulled down Sherlock's trousers, stroking Sherlock's desiring erection, the long-lost touch made Sherlock tremble and moan. John held both their pricks, stroking up and down, let they thrusting into his hand. Sherlock looked up at John, recognized the desired fire in his eyes - when John was crazy for Sherlock, it was always there.
He closed his eyes, put his hand on his lap, and redid how John touching him, feeling more intense. An unfamiliar desire arose spontaneously, the temperature was raising, a lust he never experienced dried his mouth. He let go of his hand, bursting with fear, afraid that he would be out of control just like those animal-like peers. He hesitated, to revenge on Mycroft, he should try this pleasure of indulgence?
"But it is unfair," John hissed, "it's unfair to you," he looked at Sherlock, "Why should I give up you if I care about them?" John hysterically flapped his lips, "The fact is I love you, only you."
Eros was one of the most primitive desires of mankind and was a common motive for serious crimes. Why the feeling and the sex between people would lead to such a complicated ripple effect, bringing such a serious lethality? Sherlock wanted to figure out the logic inside it but found that there was no such a formula could solve the mystery.
After the intense sex, accompanied by tired and whole body soreness, even Sherlock was the night owl who need not sleep usually, dozed off inevitably during his classroom test.
John sighed, thought that he should know Sherlock’s deduction skills would find it out finally, replied whispered, "it’s a gift from my colleagues... for celebrating my promotion..."
Heat climbed up his cheeks, neck and upper body, he felt that he must now be covered with redness. But all could not compare to the trembly feeling from his lower body that made him feel so helpless.
John turned his face. "Don't do anything just because of guilt, I don't need pity." He looked at Sherlock with grief. "You'll regret this."
"It's not like you, I thought you are an uninhibited guy or some kind of cynical playboy something like that." Sherlock pouted with disdain.
They tried naked swimming in the middle of the night at the Repulse Bay, surrounding by gentle waters under the moonlight, limbs intertwined with water caressing, kissing passionately. After they landed, they snuggled down into the boat on the beach, making out inside the narrow hull. Then they were found by some nosy visitors. They rushed to run away from the scoldings, still naked with full hands of clothes, kept running until they found a corner of the wall where could hide them perfectly, then they burst out laughing. After that, they hid in the dressing room to continue making out. John held Sherlock up with his strong arms and entered him from below. Sherlock could only hold on to the wall behind him and let John kept thrusting inside his body, and John had to shut Sherlock's mouth with his hand to prevent his cries would attract the attention of passers-bys again. They both loved this exciting experience.
"Gather a family reunion for Christmas is quite normal," Mycroft said it like announcing a national policy by the government bureau.
"Maybe it's a colleague in the army." John got up and put on his trousers quickly. "Only a few acquaintances in the army have here’s address."
"Actually, I just want to take the credit, okay? You never charge for your services nor take any credit, why don’t I take advantage of it?" Lestrade smiled.
"It’s my fault." Lestrade slumped to admit. "I didn’t give her enough love. When a woman can’t get love from her man, she could only find it outside.’
It was there, he met James of the Department of Mathematics - one day, when he reluctantly returned to the backup engine room, he found that person was sitting on the table, reading the Annals of Crime Archives he left on the previous day.
The following weekend, John and Mary held a simple wedding at the St John's Cathedral, only a few colleagues of John's troop and two to three senior executives participated. Sherlock presented himself, but only as a passer-by and watched the ceremony in a far distance, watching the groom with his bride accepting the blessing of the crowd, watching his John throughout did not show a real smile, and did not look up to Sherlock even once.
Sherlock holding the door handle, was about to enter the house, but was disturbed by the horn. He turned and saw the black car was parked outside the fence, the man's silhouette showed on the window gauze,.
"Yes, Mrs Holmes." Adler looked like a decent British lady, "This must be your little brother Sherlock?" She smiled to Sherlock, only received a disdained snort. Then she looked at John, the expression was slightly hesitant, "This is…"
"Well..." Sherlock considered seriously and then turned to John. "I don’t know. There has not enough data to analyse."
John was also puzzled, "The last time I saw her, was two years ago’s Christmas." they looked at each other. "And we never had... she is a good girl and we are not married yet."
Why things involved love would turn to this chaos? Those data be collected within him and John’s "experiment", would it help him to do his research? For example, whenever he thought of Mary, why his heart would have an uncomfortable burning feeling? Did the love’s criminals have the same feeling when they started their crimes? Was this feeling driving them to commit crimes? Sherlock thought he still did not have enough data to analyse...
"It doesn't matter, I'll find a flatmate as soon as possible!" Sherlock remembered Mike's suggestion and replied perfunctory to Mrs Hudson who was suspicious, decided to find a solution later. "I can pay my half rent first, in a few days I'll find my new flatmate, then he can pay his half!"
John shrugged, "I don’t think it’s any kind of romantic love, having no intense feelings between us, I like her but it’s more like a sibling-like relationship." He picked up the glass, sipped his wine. "Her parents died early, my parents brought her to our home to live with us, they both adore her very much. After she engaged to me, she can stay there taking care of them by my fiancee's identity. Marrying her is more like a promise and a responsibility, and make my parents’ dream come true as they always want a daughter. After all, I leave home all the time, and my bigger brother is a useless drunk, Mary is already their greatest comforted appearing."
"No, I think that's inappropriate." Mrs Hudson was quarrelling with somebody, her voice came through the door.
"Mummy, don’t put your old antique thought on Captain Watson." Mycroft tried to calm the disharmony, and said regretfully, "but Captain Watson, if you’re not getting married in this semester, I afraid that my little brother - your very best friend Sherlock, would not be able to attend your wedding, that he has returned to England most possibly."
The wet tongue invaded his mouth - Sherlock longed to kiss, missed the feeling of kissing John, to tell a thousand words in a silent way... but this was not John! John's kiss would not be so rude, so possessive, like a damp snake to climb into the mouth, entangled with you until you choked. John's kiss would not be so disgusting, that was not John!
Mrs Holmes was so angry that she just picked up her handbag and ran away from the embarrassment, Mycroft eyed John with a guilty expression and chased his mother out. And then only left John who sat alone here and continued to watch the erotic show which performed and directed by Sherlock.
