“Right. So... I'll just...” John made a vague hand gesture and spotted the mostly-empty bed on his right.
John limped into the kitchen. He was
“John, what's going on? You're acting very strange lately. At first I thought it was just you being over-protective, but my eye is fine now, as you can see, so there's no need for that. Unless this is about the... other thing.” Sherlock swallowed and pretended to studiously observe the fibers in their carpet.
"Among other things," John chuckled and stroked Sherlock's hair.
John swallowed nervously.
Mary understood, of course. It was one of the reasons why he married her. She understood why he was reluctant to leave Baker Street, why he spoke so often of Sherlock in the present tense. John knew she loved him more than he would ever be able to love her, that his heart was missing an important piece and he could only give her a broken stub of affection. But he married her anyway. And she left, after a while. And he returned to Baker Street. And he felt not regret, nor remorse, but relief.
which to John was a little disturbing. Needless to say, Mycroft appeared to be quite proud of his little brother's scheming and, after he made sure there was no need to have the explicit websites taken down, he amused himself by ordering prints of the artwork and having the Homeless Network put them up around London.
'Right then.'
John's protest was interrupted by Devin's polite cough.
“Why, what did you mean?”
“It's open” he says with just enough volume to carry his voice through the door. Idiot.
'Not that,' Sherlock nodded in the direction John had been eyeing. 'Out best shot is to go around and hope we can make it back to the hotel.'
“Oh my god, Sherlock, what happened?”
“I'm going out, there's too much smoke in here,” John declared, setting his cup down with a loud clatter.
'Wasn't planning on it,' John retorted as the dog began moving towards him.
"Is this... Him?" John had asked, his jaw set.
“S-sorry Sherlock,” John replied, pretending to read about synaptic polarization. Sherlock was wearing his blue dressing gown today, and was sat at his desk, drawing some complex molecules that John only vaguely remembered from his Chemistry classes. The February sun was shining brilliantly through the open window and the cool breeze was gently ruffling Sherlock's hair. It was unusually hot for this time of year, the skies were blue, like Sherlock's dressing gown-
“I didn't think it relevant. You don't have to spend your money on some sentimental piece of rubbish that will end up in the back of a drawer, John.”
After a few hours spent on Tumblr he felt he understood what was happening with their public lives a bit better. He certainly got why Sherlock was so obsessed with it all, it was obvious that many people put a lot of time and effort into
"Jim Moriarty is quite dead, John. But it might be a copycat. Not enough data."
'Enlighten me, Sherlock. What were you hoping to prove by replacing the floor cleaning solution with highly corrosive substances?'
John felt Sherlock's muscles spasming around him, and, after a few short thrusts, he cried his release.
'As much as you strive for normality, for a normal girlfriend, a normal vacation, it's not you. It's why your relationships never last and why your leg starts acting up the moment you get too comfortable.'
After Sherlock had cleaned up and dressed in a pair of gray trousers and a white shirt, he helped John pack the tent (it wasn't terribly difficult, really) and fished in his bag for some biscuits (miraculously dry) and a Sneakers (partly melted). He wasn't particularly hungry, but John was, so it made for an adequate breakfast under the circumstances.
'Oh, I wouldn't say that,' Sherlock said with a quirk of his lips. John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock grunted and John rolled his eyes. He needed a bathroom and clean clothes, but he knew the closest he was going to get was the nearby stream and the hopefully-dried clothes from yesterday. He rummaged for some toiletries and pulled on his jeans, leaving a still-sleeping Sherlock inside.
Sherlock turned around in his chair to face him. With the sun behind him, he looked like an angel with a halo. Shit.
It worked, as John cracked a grin and snorted. Sherlock flashed him a smile as he began unbuttoning his shirt, and John shook his head and settled back down under the cover. The tent was too small to stand straight in and more than a little crowded, with Sherlock's long limbs trying to get free of the wet clothes, so John had to dodge the occasional elbow and knee while his friend undressed.
"No, I'm not a journalist. Though I could be, if it comes to that... No, I am a consulting PA, the only one in the world."
'Don't suppose you know what time it is...'
Without looking back, Sherlock darted through the trees with a smug smile. John looked like he wanted to object but decided against it and quickly followed Sherlock, throwing a last doubtful glance at a sparse patch of moss.
John shook his head and headed to his duffel bag instead, and pulled out a neat package wrapped in plain brown paper. He threw it at Sherlock and crossed his arms, waiting. Sherlock looked up, annoyed at the interruption, and carefully picked up the small package.
John sat up straighter and rubbed his face, trying to chase away the sleep clinging to his limbs. Sherlock didn't move as John stretched and looked around for his phone, before remembering it had been ruined by the storm. At least it had stopped raining.
"But it's been a week!"
“It was either that, or drop out altogether, but mum wouldn't have it... Anyway, why are
Sherlock was moaning steadily now, skin ablaze, head buried in a pillow, dark curls wild against the crisp white sheets. For some reason, it was that image that John found the most arousing, making his cock twitch. He was losing his patience and his composure, so he pulled his fingers out gently and asked:
"Ahem, well I-I don't think it has to mean anything like that, Mrs. Andrews..."
Oh god. He was beginning to think like them, too.
By now, John's face was flushed with rage, his jaw set and his fists clenched. He was trembling, too, but whether from anger or the cold seeping into his bones he wasn't sure.
It seemed that was the question she had been waiting to answer. She took a deep breath and then began explaining:
"You can call me Devin. And you're right, I'm not here for a case. Well, not exactly..." She trailed off, and, as expected, Sherlock turned to face her again.
“That's bullshit. You obviously cared about him,” John went on. “Enough to not tell me about him, at least. Why didn't you?”
Sherlock nodded gravely, and with a final drag he stubbed out his cigarette. The room was getting chilly with the January wind blowing through the open window, but neither Sherlock nor John made any move to close it.
"Oh John, don't be so melodramatic. Merely an experiment."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and the two Americans giggled.
'Checked, have you?' John pulled back and rummaged through the drawer, finding two condoms and nothing else. John held them up with a raised brow.
Sherlock smiled and got up, closed the distance between him and John with two long strides, and held out his hand.
'Mmm,' was the only response as Sherlock snuggled closer, draping himself over every inch of warm skin he could reach. John chuckled and ran his fingers through Sherlock's damp curls, massaging his scalp until they both fell asleep.
'And it didn't occur to you that maybe it wouldn't be such a good idea to upset the manager of the only fucking hotel on a fifty mile radius, fail to apologize, insult his wife and make him throw us out in the fucking rain?!'
Sherlock was back. He didn't have any cases. He was seriously considering calling Mycroft to give him
John followed the billowing coat to the spot where the latest victim was. A woman in her mid-thirties, naked except for a pink tutu, was suspended from the ceiling of her kitchen with thick ropes. Her hands and one leg were bound together in a caricature of a ballerina's pose. "The Puppet Master", as the author of these serial murders had been dubbed, had left a note this time, addressed to Sherlock:
'John...' Sherlock murmured affectionately, tracing the shell of John's ear with the tip of his nose. 'You're magnificent.'
“What now?” Sherlock asked, the familiar fear of rejection coiling against all reason in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock paused to tug at John's jeans and pants, and the other man dutifully lifted his hips to allow Sherlock to undress him completely. As Sherlock grabbed the base of his cock and licked his lips, John felt the piercing eyes stare straight into his soul. Without breaking eye contact, Sherlock lowered gracefully and licked a wide stripe from the base of his cock to the tip, circling his head before taking it into his mouth.
'Well, strip. Those clothes won't get you warm,' John's feeble attempt at sarcasm didn't manage to mask the genuine concern in his voice.
“Even you couldn't be so dull, John,” Sherlock replied acidly, putting the cake on top of his dresser.
Now John sat in his chair, laptop open on his knees as he checked his blog again. No new messages, no more hits on his page, not even hate mail. John sighed and put the laptop away, absently massaging his thigh.
“Jooohn...” The breathy sounds coming from Sherlock were clearly starting to affect John, and he started grinding in Sherlock's lap, only to find an answering hardness in the other man's pants.
It was hot.
'One bed.'
. Not like I do.'
Sherlock took in the curve of his backside in his white cotton briefs as purely objective data collection, of course.
'Better?'
In under four weeks, Devin and Alex had managed to take them from "overlooked" to "juicy gossip". John was painfully reminded by the number of times he had muttered "not his date", "not gay" and other such affirmations before Sherlock's faked suicide and dreaded the endless speculation that was already spreading like wildfire all over the Web. Particularly since they had been advised (threatened) not to discourage the rumors and, if possible, act as though they were in a relationship.
“Off, off!” John urged impatiently, and Sherlock paused his ministrations to oblige. They both stripped their tops with surprising efficiency, and Sherlock returned to his earlier task, slowly running his hands down John's ribs. John pulled him up for another kiss, hungry to taste and touch every inch of this impossible man. Sherlock's hand sneaked lower and popped John's jeans open.
“None of the other places would have me. I'm not very easy to be around I'm afraid, and I accidentally blew up my old dorm room...”
'You,' Sherlock tried to lift his hips but his muscles wouldn't listen. 'You, just you.'
'Get out.'
"Not some sort of desperate undercover journalist, are you? Uh, boring..." He rolls his eyes and flops back down on the sofa.
list. Just as he was about to explore some more, he heard Sherlock return and closed the computer again. He did
Sherlock sat back on his bed and carefully lit another cigarette.
"Oh I don't know..." Devin put her cup down and fixed him with her best serious face.
"Sherlock..."
Sherlock jumped out of the bed and moved to stand in front of John. His height made it so easy to gently cup John's chin and nudge his gaze upwards.
"You mean... Oh my god, really?"
"Mine," Sherlock said, voice an octave lower than his usual baritone and John almost whimpered.
“So were you! Dammit Sherlock, now all my things will smell like your stupid cigarettes!”
Ever since Sherlock had returned, a couple of months ago, his life had changed surprisingly little. John had imagined countless times what would happen if Sherlock showed up on his doorstep one day with an explanation and that spark in his eyes that John associated with a particularly interesting case. He never gave up hope, no matter how much everyone around him seemed to think it wasn't healthy to hang on to the memory of a dead man for so long.
'That seems a bit... cruel,' John said frowning. He couldn't imagine leaving a young kid alone in a forest for hours, maybe even days.
'Sitting in a hotel room for a whole week and
'Shh, I want this.'
Two deer and a stag were quietly making their way across the stream, just a few feet away from them. They rose their heads when they heard the noise, but didn't seem concerned by the two men as they continued their crossing. The stag's magnificent antlers shone golden as the last rays of sun pierced through the thick foillage. John was speechless as the beautiful creatures retreated deeper into the woods.
'I knew you must've had a few tricks up your sleeve...
“That's... not what people normally say.” Sherlock looked away for a moment,
Sherlock rolled his eyes but returned the affectionate kiss and took the cake from her hands.
"When celebrities find themselves in a tight spot, meaning their careers seem irrevocably doomed, I work my magic and bring them in the spotlight again. And you seem to be desperately in need of my services."
'Drawer,' Sherlock managed, nodding towards the nightstand.
About an hour or so later, they were deep into the woods. There was no sign of the road, no sign of the stream, no sign of bears, thank God, and John was growing less and less sure that they were headed in the right direction.
'No.'
'What did you just say?!' John had to strain his neck to glare at Sherlock, but it didn't make him any less menacing. 'You are not blaming this on me, you git! If you were able to act like a normal person once in a while, my life would be so much easier!'
John didn't have to wait long. With another broken cry, he felt Sherlock contracting before his warm seed spilled over John's hand. At long last, John let Sherlock's aftershocks push him over the edge.
“He and I had... an arrangement. He was more tolerable than most people and sufficiently frustrated in order to... experiment. I was bored.” Sherlock tasted the almost-lie on his tongue and decided this was to be, from now on, the truth about the 'Victor experiment'.
Sherlock said nothing, but smiled warmly, one of his genuine smiles which made John's heart swell. He wished he'd brought a camera.
'I- Yes, yes, I'm fine. How did you-'
John was a terrible liar, and he knew it. He loved Neurology.
"You are American. Young, I'd say early 20s, probably a student so you're here on a scholarship or some other programme. Not rich, so not on holiday. Not relatives, either. Photographer. Also possibly a writer." He pauses, his eyes narrowing.
They'd been walking for six hours, give or take, and John's stomach protested loudly. They snacked on wild berries and damp crackers, eating in a pleasant silence. Once John was done, Sherlock jumped to his feet and resumed his brisk pace.
John typed his password and the screen lit up.
Sherlock looks taken aback by this confession and John stops unpacking and motions her into a chair facing the sofa, while he takes his usual seat.
'You alright?'
Life was... never the same again.
'Lube?' John stroked behind Sherlock's balls with his thumb, pressing gently and making Sherlock bite his lip. With a quick slap to his thigh, John repeated the question. Sherlock's eyes struggled to focus.
'Where?' John sucked a bite on Sherlock's inner thigh, making the detective moan loudly. 'Here?' John moved higher, cupping Sherlock's limp cock to lick over his balls, teasing the soft skin with his lips. 'Here?' John tilted Sherlock's other leg up and sucked around the tight little hole, spearing his tongue past the ring of muscle.
Sherlock cleared his throat and squared his shoulders.
'People might talk,' Sherlock drawled, in an attempt to lighten the mood.
“What if I get bored?” Sherlock turned to face John, and the older man could see all his fear and uncertainty reflected in his eyes.
Sherlock certainly didn't think his actions were inappropriate in any way.
“You're staring again, John. I hate it when you stare.”
For the past two weeks, John couldn't stop thinking about Sherlock. Ever since the Victor incident, John has been trying and failing to act normal around his roommate. Initially, it had been hard for John to piece together the information he got out of their little talk: Sherlock was gay; Sherlock broke up with his sort-of-boyfriend, or, he suspected, the other way around; Sherlock had chosen to keep both of these things from him; and Sherlock, it would seem, thought that HE was gay. The whole thing made him feel so many different emotions (confusion, enlightenment, anger, disappointment, confusionconfusionconfusion) that he could barely recall that afternoon, so busy was he, sorting though all that. But later, as he lay wide awake in his bed at 4 am, he had an epiphany.
“Why are you here? You are in your third year of medical training, you have nearly perfect grades, so surely the College has a cozy little room for you somewhere near campus.”
“Are you kidding? You're the most interesting person I've ever met, infuriating, yes, but if I haven't blown your head off by now, I think we're good.” John smiled and kissed the nearest patch of skin.
which made him cringe a little, but not nearly as much as the
cheating on him with the porter!'
'So fucking good right now...'
"I think it's too big to be stopped."
Sherlock swallowed. “Considering the company you usually keep, I thought it best not to...
John realised he'd actually said that out loud when Sherlock's head raised suddenly and his mouth fell open in a perfect heart shape. John couldn't look away, wouldn't look away from the dusty pink lips, and wow, when had he become such a girl? He didn't care, really, because Sherlock's tongue peaked out to wet his lips and he was gone.
'Ngh!' Sherlock's reply might have been more elaborate, but John's hand against his windpipe prevented it. John's thrusts became slow and deep, a steady roll of his hips, like waves crashing against the shore. Sherlock's position offered him little control, but John seemed to know what he needed. He released Sherlock's throat and reached over to find his cock leaking steadily.
“Sorry again, it's just this damn chapter is so boring that I get distracted.”
“You were oblivious and I was afraid,” admitted Sherlock, in a rare burst of complete honesty.
"He means thank you. What you did is truly amazing, although everyone thinks we're together
John once again awoke to a warm body next to his. This time, it was Sherlock who had rolled over and was basically spooning him. His soft breath was tickling the back of John's neck and his spidery fingers were splayed across John's heart. He felt so good right there in Sherlock's arms, he never wanted to move again in his life. Deciding to stop that train of thought right there, he attempted to extricate himself, but Sherlock only tightened his grip, mumbling into his hair.
"Devin e-mailed me earlier with this link. It seems that the Internet is now obsessed with us..."
'John, stay. Please.'
Sherlock folded his arms and sat on a flat rock, looking surprisingly unaffected by their current situation. His black suit was completely ruined and his curls were plastered to his forehead, yet he didn't seem to notice or care.
Sherlock, who had stood still as a statue during his little speech, startled as John got up and strode toward him, a sly smile on his face. He realised, belatedly, that, should he try to get up, his legs would not cooperate. Just like that, John was inches away from his face, stroking the side of his neck as he leaned in to whisper, “I know.”
"There's the small matter of payment..." Devin turned towards Sherlock.
Most of the time, people contacted them in the hope of catching a glimpse of them together. The cases were either made up or incredibly boring, but Sherlock found new ways of amusing himself.
'Jooohn!' Sherlock was trembling all over, barely keeping himself upright. John ran his free hand to those glorious curls, then wrapped loosely around Sherlock's neck, pulling his head up.
"Besides," Alex added, "it could prove even more profitable later on."
“Victor?”
'I'm sorry,' John said sheepishly. 'Didn't mean to-'
Sherlock arranged his body in a thoughtful pose, but John could see the mirth crinkling the corners of his eyes.
John blinked owlishly.
From that day on, John couldn't stop thinking about Sherlock. But he wasn't just thinking, he was observing. Sherlock would be proud, except his observations seemed to involuntarily focus on one piece of Sherlock's anatomy at a time. First, it was his hands, those long, graceful fingers deftly playing his instrument, brushing against his own, blunt, shorter ones as John handed him a cup of tea. Then came his neck, the long column of flesh (or marble, he wasn't sure), and the scattered little moles on the left side, just above his collar. Next, his cheekbones, the ridiculous cheekbones that stood out from his alien-looking face, haughty and mysterious. Then, one glorious morning, his arse, tight and round, like ripe fruit, as Sherlock bent over to look for his lockpick set.
, but now, now that I've done nothing but stare and observe for the past two weeks,
Sherlock groaned and shifted. John knew the pictures of dissections always put Sherlock in a good mood. He got up, to allow Sherlock to sit up properly, and gasped at the sight of Sherlock's face. His right eye was swollen shut, and his lower lip was split.
"Well, I know you're not half-bad as a writer..." Devin began and looked at her friend for confirmation. "You could, I don't know... try it out on the website."
'They don't. It's a feral dog, probably infested with rabies,' Sherlock breathed determined, standing straighter. The dog growled louder, fixing them with wild, beady eyes.
He opened the door before the person could knock. He took a step back and the startled lady on the other side took it as invitation, quickly recovering and making her way inside. She took a quick look around, a huge grin lighting up her face, then she seemed to catch herself and quickly schooled her features in a more composed expression.
'Did you know that 87% of the crimes committed in rural areas in Eastern Europe happen in the woods? Most of these are murders and rapes.'
"Now wait a minute-"
John pulled back a little, sitting on Sherlock's thighs, and held Sherlock's gaze. They were both panting and their lips were swollen. Very deliberately, John parted Sherlock's dressing gown and popped the topmost button of his shirt open. He could see Sherlock's pupils dilate even further, and he bent over to taste the newly-exposed skin.
'You...' Sherlock echoed unhelpfully, shifting his hips to get John deeper.
“Do you have any...” John knew how this worked, in theory, and he knew it wouldn't be fun for either of them without some sort of lubrication. Sherlock fumbled under the bed for a while and finally produced a half-empty bottle of lube and a pack of condoms. He parted his legs even further and John squirted some lube on his fingers.
"We have to make you two interesting again."
As if reading his mind, Sherlock pulled away with a wet sound, and John noticed that his trousers and pants were pushed halfway down his thighs and his spare hand was wrapped around his erection. John stared, mouth open, at the hard, slightly curved member, and had the strange impulse to lick the bead of precome gathered at the slit.
'It's because none of them can give you what you need. None of them know, none of them see, none of them
"If you remember, the arrangement was that, if the project was a success, and it obviously is, you would send us-"
Of course, it was just his luck that the blasted hotel he had booked was in the middle of nowhere, and the hotel's cars naturally weren't going to take them to civilization, no matter how much begging or threatening John employed. They resigned themselves to following the solitary dirt road through the woods, completely lost without GPS, but their phones were as soaked as their clothes. John was surprised the hotel manager hadn't got them arrested and wondered whether a Romanian police holding cell would have been more comfortable than this. Certainly dryer. And with better company.
'Care to explain?'
'Yes!' Sherlock screamed as John's cock nailed his prostate. 'Please!'
John shook his head and sat heavily on the edge of his bed. He'd got used to Sherlock springing deductions on him, but that didn't ease the sting of it when they hit this close to home. “She had a breakdown at Christmas,” John began, “but we kept hoping she would get better. We took her to rehab yesterday, and I couldn't bear to say at home one more day and watch mum-” John choked on his words and his throat constricted painfully.
Soon enough, the cases started coming in.
'Thanks,' John smiled tightly and went outside.
John smiled, if Sherlock will speak to him only to correct him, he couldn't be that sick.
'Tell me, did you plan this from the beginning? Did you get us kicked out of the hotel on purpose, just so you could play campers?'
There were other things, of course, like his eyes, his magnificent eyes, now a clear green, now a deep blue, now steel silver, but such things were harder to observe without being noticed. Sherlock, of course, noticed all the same.
"Oh for god's sake..."
“Well, I suppose we need to shower at some point,” John began, his hand stilling over Sherlock's heart. Then he added, in a more serious tone: “We already live together, I make you tea, and you grow cultures on my toothbrush. None of that has to change.”
"Tell me John, may I call you John? Perfect. John, your blog isn't doing very well, is it? That thing with your wife leaving you and accusing you of neglect, it's terrible PR, you know..."
"Why not? It would be tremendous fun to watch how people react to it. And it's not as though anyone but Alex and Devin know who you are."
"Hello Doctor Watson!" She greeted cheerfully. Sherlock frowned as John looked up to him in confusion.
“Then I'll just have to get creative,” John retorted with a mischievous grin.
John showered first, then went down to the restaurant for some dinner while Sherlock occupied the bath. When John returned, Sherlock was seated on the bed in his typical thinking pose. He looked up when John came in, watching him like a hawk. John glanced around.
'What for?'
He pulled the blue dressing gown around him and walked over the coffee table to open the door. He was almost vibrating with excitement.
“It sort of is, actually.”
'Yes, please,' Sherlock whined, pulling on John's arm. John shook his head.
'Sherlock...'
'Now what?' John asked, looking forlornly at what used to be the road. 'We can't climb all that way though the mud, with no proper equipment.'
"We make you Internet famous!"
“So?” John sat next to him on Sherlock's bed, making sure the ice pack was secure.
Watson!
“Hang on,” John shook his head, “it's your birthday?”
'I always put it somewhere I can reach quickly,' John said, a little out of breath, and Sherlock felt a wave of pride for his soldier.
'Do you know I still have nightmares about Baskerville, about that creature hunting us down in the moors? Was it fun, watching me freak out because you decided I was a good lab rat? Was it exciting, seeing that thing attack me, attack
"I think it's an excellent idea, John. You could even become a professional, under a pseudonym, of course."
Sherlock looked up at him with one eye. “I didn't think you'd realised that about yourself yet.”
'God, Sherlock... You have no idea how you look right now...' John was just trying to distract himself from his burning need to come, but he realized that he could hardly stop his mouth, once he got going. 'Fuck, you feel incredible,' he breathed, keeping his thrusts shallow and measured.
John stared, mouth gaping, before clearing his throat nervously.
“Merry Christmas, you idiot.”
John had the same problem, as all their clothes had been soaked in their bags. He had stripped down to his underwear and huddled under the only blanket he had been clever enough to wrap inside the tent.
'Idiot. Of course not. You didn't wake up, I moved you and you calmed down. Must have been the pressure on your shoulder that triggered the nightmare.' Reluctantly, Sherlock rolled on his back, letting John go.
"People only care about the cases insofar as they are about you. You remember the success of John's block skyrocketed once his posts focused more on your personal life?"
That leaves....oh....about 3 more hours until the end of his shift. He groans but just as he decides to go and look for Becca so she can at least suffer along with him the little bell that  hangs above the door rings, signaling the arrival of another customer.
He wished he had had more time to actually talk to Sherlock. He wished he hadn't left so quickly at the end of his heat.
He feels at peace.
“What do you think that is?”
Sherlock hadn't thought it possible but Mycroft had looked even older then. Sherlock hated seeing his brother this way.
They need to talk.
Write something that's actually close to novel length and stick to it.
John did not reply.
“Holmes!” he shouts.
If......
Once again a half-smile lit up Sherlock's face and John could not keep his eyes off of it.
“Okay”, he says, “......okay.”
“You don't have to say anything”, John says.
“You're very kind, Mrs. Holmes”, he says, “but I'll be fine.”
That's the last evening they spend in John's back yard.
Sherlock just nods. Saying “no” to John is still not an option.
Which isn't all that difficult in my case.
That's not a relationship.
“It's fine”, Sherlock says. And it
John feels as if he's fallen asleep and is experiencing the strangest dream. And he is no stranger to odd dreams.
'Hence why I trust you.' he said.
So, instead, he gets up and opens the wardrobe....which apparently doubles as the worlds supply of velvet, lace and satin.
One morning spent in her aggravating company will be a small price to pay if he gets to spend the evening with John again.
The fingers of his right hand carefully intertwine with those of my left and he holds me oh so gently. As if I am something that might explode. I might explode still.
This is it, he thinks.
I have to make sure he's alright.
Sherlock finds himself moving forward.
To John it sounded more like “Goodbye”.
He doesn't know how else to put it into words. Ever since he's met John he feels as if a light inside of him has been turned on. When he's with John something just clicks. The world makes sense. He feels as if he himself finally makes sense in it.
Once again Sherlock was trying to get up. Having drawn another set of conclusions from the silence that had followed his monologue. Wrong ones this time.
“Yeah”,  he replies. Still not sure what to say. He has a feeling John wants to say things he's not saying. Things that are making him nervous.
The last of Sherlock's words hung heavy in the small bedroom and then seemed to drop like lead. For a moment they felt like a terrible weight on John's shoulders dragging him down, but then....they moved on.....falling to the floor....and away.
“As fun as this is”, he says, “I think I'll go. Tell my brother I said hi.”
The only space between them a hairsbreadth and still, to John, it feels like too much.
Sure, he knows that that's mostly his own doing. Sherlock tries to spend as little time as possible in their shared rooms when John is there. He spends his days wandering the streets of the city, trying to imprint their every twist and curve into his mind so as to form an accurate mental map, he peruses libraries and museums and he does experiments in the school laboratory well after closing time until someone finds him and kicks him out again.
Tonight everything is fine.
A visual mark for all the world to see that he belonged to Sherlock and Sherlock belonged to him.
He just walked up to the table Sherlock found himself at with as confident a gait as he could muster and with his left hand he slammed the cause of his current good mood in the middle of the table.
https://open.spotify.com/user/vanimelda4/playlist/6X5R79gOruQ4egEQQ5cAQw?si=KziynRsNRMqb30cKa2jNkQ
, he thinks.
“Sherlock?” John sounds worried. Sherlock does not want John to sound worried. Ever.
So....intense.
Both of Sherlock's arms are engulfed in magical light now. It travels to his shoulders and swirls around his chest. It shines so brightly that Molly has to avert her eyes. Even the dark man has to look away momentarily. Sherlock has to use all his focus and energy to draw on as much of his magic as he possibly can.
If John won't leave, he'll leave.
Sherlock's lips are swollen, spit slicked. His breath comes out in short and shallow pants. And his eyes.....there's nothing but pupil. Large pools of black that John finds himself drowning in. There are secrets in Sherlock's eyes. And answers. Answers he will find nowhere else. He's desperate for them.
The light has changed color once more. It's giving off a dark red hue now.
“Rehearsals went fine.” John says. Still with that strange smile on his face.
Maybe he should just ask John if....
Now that is a clear distinction from when Sherlock last saw him.
That yet we sleep, we dream.” he says.
And in that moment he makes a decision that might or might not end up being a very bad one but in that moment he feels that it is the right one.
Inside of them.
“Of course I'm sure. I'm always sure.”
***************************************************
'Sounds like him', John said, not being able to completely suppress the smile forming on his face. From the corner of his eye he saw a similar smile form on Finn's face for just a second.
He had told John that if the fairies were to find him they would surely make him into one of their servants as well. He did not wish that fate on anyone. He had looked so sad when he spoke that John had wrapped him up in his arms and had kissed every inch of his skin until all thoughts of the fairies had left him and their world was brought back to nothing but each other.
He's never been called “pretty” before.
“Wait....you know this guy?”
The other end of the line stays quiet.
*******************************************************************************************
At the moment John smiles that soft smile that is overflowing with sunlight even in the dead of night.
It was a story he knew all too well.
He doesn't really care what they call him.
“Complicated?”, Patrick sounds genuinely interested.
There is so much  magic in the air now it makes it hard to think.
He had been here so many times before he must have just traveled straight to it on instinct. Or maybe his horse had remembered the too familiar path and, without any decisive input from its master, had decided to just bring him here.
Both are inevitable.
How the curve of his lips tastes when John gently bites into it.
I need this day to end.
********************
He had spent the day trying to come up with some kind of rational explanation for Holmes' behavior but every single time he almost had one his own self-doubt and insecurities provided a better one instead.
The names had sounded odd and foreign to John's ears. He had frowned as he tried to replicate the strange lilt in Sherlock's voice as he pronounced them.
**************************************************************
I could cry but also smile and it's as if all this pent up tension and weight has left me all at the same time and if I felt even a fraction lighter I'd float away towards the ceiling.
out of John's league anyway.
Suddenly John is snapped out of the happy little bubble he had found himself in from the moment Sherlock had pulled him close. All of a sudden he feels embarrassed again. All too aware of the vast difference between the two of them.
It was she who had ridden the white horse in an attempt to trick the lovers and send them both to their doom.
“I like your nails.”
Ever since Sherlock has discovered he can do magic and that there is a whole new world associated with it he has also come to discover that a lot of the things he used to believe were fairytales and legends are actually true.
He thanks the boy anyway and with his spirits as low as they've ever been and a very sour mood he starts making his way back to Holmes manor.
“No!”
“Ehm....”, he says again, “could you maybe tell Sherlock I'm here to see him.....I'm.....”
Suddenly there is a photograph on the table. Mycroft must have placed it there. Sherlock has not seen him do it. This is usually what happens when he is coming down from a high. His mind can be scattered and fragmented and sometimes he misses parts.
And I don't know which world is real anymore.
His throat is dry and he has a mild headache.
Or maybe it is.
'What do they usually say?'
I'm starting to think it had all been a dream after all. Some wild fantasy my alcohol-drowned mind had come up with but then I remember a bite mark I had discovered that morning hidden underneath the collar of my shirt.
He looks at me but doesn't say anything.
“Ssssssh”, John actually giggles. Sherlock stores the sound away in his mind to listen to over and over again whenever he's having a bad day. 'there's people around that might overhear. We can't talk about.....that.....”
So he tries to find distractions in the quiet, lethal dullness that surrounds him wherever he can.
Holmes softly moans.
A glass ashtray hitting the wall next to his head and shattering into a million pieces.
Mike rolls his eyes theatrically.
Four days.
There are hands on him, lips, Sherlock is everywhere and it's making him lose his train of thought.
. As if he is everything that matters. As if
My mother and I watch through the window until he has rounded the corner of the street.
How can John still not see......
After the heat had passed.....how much did he really, truly want John?
Sometimes John isn't too good with words. Maybe that's true for the both of them.
As quietly as John could he descended the stairs again. Holmes horse was still there. Stomping at the ground with one of its hooves. Seemingly annoyed that the bridle in its mouth was preventing it from eating properly. John smiled.
“Have you taken many people to this hotel?” he asks.
Ah...so he has been paying attention after all.
Of course.
Holmes, apparently, was already expecting him to join him.
John just sort of grunts in reply as he stares into his beer.....he's pretty sure there's a dead fly floating in it but in the dark atmosphere of the pub it could pretty much be anything really.
“I'm fine”, he says again.
And as long as the sun will rise, the moon will shine.
What would two adult men secretly do at night in a sleazy hotel room?
It's because of Annalise Emerick's music.  The chapter title is the title of another of her songs that served as inspiration for this AU.
*******************************
nice.
“I just don't want to see you get hurt.”
“Gladly.”
Not only was John's hair made out of golden sunlight his smiles seemed to be made out of it too, because whenever he smiled at him Sherlock could feel some of the warmth he had once felt when he had been oh so much younger returning to him.
Sherlock is in his room. Once again he's lying on his back on his bed. He's wearing John's rugby jacket again. John had refused to take it back when he tried to return it to him.
“I can see why your......friend......chose it for you, sir.”
Needs him now.
And his heart breaks all over again.
Sherlock isn't so sure.
Molly frowns at it. She still isn't wearing lipstick.
“I never asked you to wait for me.”
“Leave it”, he says. His voice a hoarse wheeze as his throat constricts and he struggles for breath.
She continues talking.
Holmes' hand is back on his cheek then, guiding him gently....reverently.....there is blue fire in his eyes and as Holmes' other hand finds its way to the back of his neck and their lips make gentle contact John closes his own eyes so as not to get consumed by it and for the moment he lets himself forget.
Andrew nods.
He notices that there are also no pictures of John's sister.....
“I know”
My hands have gone slightly clammy again as I can't resist opening the message up.
Currently he swings it back around from behind his back where the corpse of the fateful creature drops to the ground unceremoniously only to bring it back to his left side where it cuts through the jugular vein of another creature, but the blade does not stop there, it sings as the steel continues its arch through the sky, Mycroft moves his right foot forward together with his sword arm and a third creature meets its untimely fate.
The night was eerily quiet around him.
He can't just go and sit at John's table. That would be weird. But he has to stick to the plan and try and remain as close to John as he dares at every opportunity he gets.
There have been texts here and there but with the time difference between them....
It felt all wrong. He felt as wrong and out of place as he had felt in the army hospital after suffering his near fatal shoulder wound.
One of the boys at the table has apparently said something funny because the group of rugby-boys suddenly erupts with uproarious laughter as some of them even bang their fists on the table.
Finn squinted and leaned in even closer.
Like a ship without a sail or anchor.
Not now.
I can't help but smile at his last message as it lights up my screen.
“Alright”, John says.
I left the party before he did after all.
“Oh”.
Whatever expression it is that has formed on his face however, it seems to be a socially acceptable one because, at the sight of it, John's own smile widens.
Finally.....
Sherlock is not sure what's going on with him.
Sherlock has stood here before these last couple of weeks.
John just moaned around the cock in his mouth and squeezed Sherlocks backside. As it turned out that was all the affirmation Sherlock needed as he thrust just two more times before his cock grew just a little bit harder and with a broken groan of 'Joo.....ohn' he started coming in Johns mouth. His hands, damp with sweat, gripping his face just a little bit tighter.
Sherlock swears again as he quickly starts making his way towards the table. Watson immediately follows behind.
Have things really changed between them after all?
He realizes there isn't even a place for John to sit since even the chairs are covered in old volumes on magic and the other realm.
“Thank you.”
John gently squeezes their joined hands and a small smile flits across Holmes' soft lips for just a second before it is gone.
That's why, to prepare, last week he bought a small guidebook called “How and What in Italian”.
His mind is filled with galaxies and stardust and the close proximity of John Watson in a small dimly lit bedroom.
He knows better now.
From the corners of my eyes I can see Molly roll her own again.
A couple more teachers make me introduce myself but after two more times I get used to it and I don't nearly shake and sweat as much as that first class.
He confuses me.
I can't.
Damn him and his broken fragments of sentences that are somehow enough to pierce my icy resolve.
Two names.
His arms were starting to shake now. He wouldn't be able to hold this position for much longer and when his shoulder would inevitably fail him along with his leg he would slide to the ground and the man would be on top of him and it would all be over. He closed his eyes in defeat and just as he felt his body starting to sink to the stable floor, suddenly, the weight of the man on top of him was gone.
People usually don't treat him like this.
*******************************************
“Is he there?” he asks.
She interrupts me before I can say anything else:
“Sounds more like your problem than mine.”
“Are you absolutely sure....”, he starts.
“Just go ahead without me then Mary if you're cold....he doesn't look well.”
I just shake my head again.
“Out of the two of us”, Sherlock replies, “you are the one with the most bed partners.”
Sherlock nods. Of course he does. How can he forget the most perfect moment of his entire life.
Committed every second, every word, every gesture to memory.
“Ehm...”, he says, “yeah.....it's great.....”
Holmes chuckles again but this time there is no light or mirth to it.
She'd almost forgotten she had the prisoner locked up in her lair.
I've never flirted in my life.
I fear it will never be enough.
Sherlock opens his eyes again. John is looking at him expectantly. A large grin on his face, a twinkle in his eye. A slight sheen of sweat covers his bare skin and the knuckles of the hand that still grips the knife are slightly red from rubbing up against the course bark of the tree as he carved away.
Sherlock feels somewhat relieved by his admission. A part of him had still been fearful that he was going to say something else.
“Oh”, he says again, “definitely a tragedy then.”
Quickly he knelt next to the chair. Thank god Holmes was still breathing. Gingerly he tried rousing Holmes again, but he only regained semi-consciousness.
His dark curls slightly mussed where his head rests on the pristine pillow underneath. The warm early sun makes the strands appear like dark spun silk whenever it hits it.
She has time.
The East Wind.
Sherlock smiles to himself.
“One of the rugby guys probably told Mary about you and that's why she was here....to try and drive you away.....get back at me.....or something.....” John concludes.
The gentle wisp of a raven-dark curl setting his own flesh ablaze as they reached for each other in the midnight hour.
And he imagines a world where he had denied Mycroft being that.
Still, he is determined to keep his guard up.
“Whoa, man, what happened to your face!”, he says.
I've added an actual chapter count recently to let you all know how serious I am about finishing this.
There are quite a few people looking at the two of them.
JW + SH.
John eventually did fall asleep. After hours and hours of restless and frustrated turning his eyes finally closed of their own accord and sleep overtook him.
The air was cold and damp as it seemed to physically cling to their skin and John shivered as he reluctantly removed Sherlock's coat from his shoulders.
That kiss had been somewhat mechanic. Just going through the motions. It had been something he thought he had
is what he had said to her back then. When she had looked up at him with hopeful eyes and had asked him if he could ever love her.
So.....confused.....not himself.
There were a couple more familiar flowers here.
He had to explore this almost otherwordly place.
My mother's long and elegant fingers just gently stroke the curls at the back of my  neck just as she used to do when I was younger and needed calming down, when I'd fallen from a tree or got called a bad name at school or, much later, when I used to wake up from the same nightmare night after night after night....
“Although”, Holmes had said, “I can't really think of any right now.”
The East Wind is a story their father made up to try and keep them in line ever since they were still young boys.
It will only make them worry.
As always: all my thanks to you, the reader, none of this would be here without you.
She gives me a gentle smile and while there is still grief that clings to the bend and curve of her lips there is also something there that I haven't seen in a long time.
“Lock the door behind me”, he says again and then adds: “I'll come back later....when we've made sure everything is safe.”
Only this figure rode a milk-white horse.
'I got fat', he said and chuckled.
John rolls his eyes.
And, in that moment, he does understand.
I smile at her or....at least......I try to. My features seem to have become as frozen as my heart. She doesn't return my smile. She just looks sad so I look away.
“I think I just need some time”, I say. It might not be fair to mimic his own words back to him but he's not being fair to me either. Maybe this is what we both deserve.
And then he nods.
The fact that the days they have left together are evaporating as fast as the droplets of water on their skin is never far from his mind.
So it is basically a nod to both.....a double nod if you will.
pps: comments are always appreciated.
'Are you planning to do something sneaky then?' John asked. Their lips only inches away from each other.
He leans in over the table towards John, the card game currently forgotten, and John feels his hands growing clammier still.
He doesn't know why.
He's thought about where to stand long and hard.
“The wrinkles and creases on your shirt...”, Greg raises his eyebrows as Sherlock continues talking, “....you've worn it two days in a row judging by their number and depth and from their location I gather you probably slept in it.”
Sherlock half expects to find sharp teeth hiding beneath it but their lips never part and so he is left guessing in the gloomy, smoke filled room.
He let's out a heavy breath but it does nothing to lighten his mood.
He also secretly was dying to know what a “drunk Sherlock” would be like and whether he was a good dancer or not. He had to be with that sleek build of his and those long elegant limbs.
“Yes”, he says, “very.”
Sherlock feels his heart skip a beat at the thought that he apparently seems to know which smile suits John and which doesn't.
“Are you cold?”, he ask.
“I looked for you”, he says.
Master Holmes had been fatigued and close to passing out from it, but drunk he had not been. There had not even been the slightest hint of alcohol about his person. And John wasn't too sure about the gambling either. None of it explained the blood.
**********************************
He seems confused and for a moment lost for words.
The tall trees grew all the way to its edge and as their mighty bows swayed in the wind above the water the sunlight that filtered down through the moving leaves made a dazzling spectacle on the gently flowing water beneath.
John shrugs.
But his brother looks so old.
“Does he know about your......habit?”
'Of course.'
He was doing a very poor job of it.
I'm mad at John and I don't know why.
And for that to happen his letter needs to arrive.
I turn to John to tell him so but somehow I can't speak.
Molly still can't hear what they are saying.
Watson gingerly and awkwardly holding the medallion in his outstretched palm while the others just stare at him in anticipation.
When John needs it.
“Hey.”
The fact that he somehow has still been a part of this whole mess that he has been trying to avoid so carefully for most of his adult life hurts him more than he thought it would.
At first he doesn't know where he is but then he recognizes his own bedroom, his own bed....John.
He has only imagined it.
He doesn't know what he is.
Every single year Sherlock has been in theater-class Mycroft has dropped him off for his performances. Once the show is over Mycroft will be there again to pick him back up and drive him home.
Well....I know why but I'm not quite sure if he deserves my anger or not.
Well....his dreams anyway.
This seems to wake Holmes up as he sighs audibly and rolls his eyes.
“It was good hearing your voice”, John says, “if only for a little while.”
John says nothing. The light still pulses but it seems to have receded back into the corners of the room. Leaving a dark circle where Mary stands.
Holmes now looked him straight in the eyes and, involuntarily, John took a step back.
But not entirely.
He groans against the skin of my neck as I pull his pants down and take him in my hand.
They would not be able to see it at all if it wasn't for the spell of illumination that Finn has cast around them, but even the light of his spell seems weary and sickly in these parts.
'I'm sure you will be fine now.'
The man curses again.
John just smiles again as he pretends to recognize the name.
John pulled the blankets around him tightly. Surrounding himself with the smell of his alpha that still lingered in the warm bedding.
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes.
John's fingers leaving bruises on the skin of his hips like passionate watermarks.
She seems to have calmed down just a bit.
She shakes her head.
She also very much liked to have Sherlock alive.
Sherlock wonders why he is suddenly contradicting his own earlier statement. Unless that wasn't about rehearsals....but he's not quite sure what else it could have been about.
If he does like him now surely that will change once he gets to know him. Really know him.
'I'm out in daylight, aren't I?'
There is sound all around him.
“It could probably do with a bit of cleaning”, he says
“Never said you were.”
'Al right then.'
***************************************
However, this time the vision his mind conjured up was slightly different. He still found himself standing in an empty field, but the field around him could barely be seen as a thick gray mist surrounded him on all sides. Once again he screamed, but the sound was muffled up by the thick fog. Swallowing up his words as soon as they left his mouth as if it was alive somehow. Reaching for him with wispy, ghost-like fingers. Pulling the words from his lips and gobbling them up hungrily, leaving him with nothing but silence and a cold empty feeling.
Only in this case it's 'hurt my brother and you'll be sorry.'
He hopes Watson will listen.
John feels his blood run cold. There is so much he is reminded of as her pale brown eyes bore into his. His father, his days in the army.....James......his dreams......
The plan was simple.
Once more his hand on my shoulder stops me.
“Were you snooping in Master Holmes' room?”, she says. Still that playful smile is on her lips. As if they are two children trying to get to the cookie jar when their mother has told them they should not.
Or: 'I know.'
His muscles are even more pronounced and they accentuate his short but sturdy frame in all the right places, he has a bit of a tan still and it brings out the bright blue of his eyes and even the short cropped hair is a very good look on him.
“It's complicated”, he says.
Sherlock and John are lying together on Sherlock's bed.
He can only imagine how incredibly dull and unappealing she will turn out to be.
He keeps telling me how special I am and how much I mean to him but all of that still disappears as soon as the weekend is over.
The salty taste of it.
“How so?” Johns reply.
keeps looking at
It is the song that John sings to him.
Only when you look closer will you see that their feathers are made out of razorblades.
He simply can not handle any more of this.
He loves those curls too.
“What about my aunt?”
John is right.
After......
And then there had been the incident at the party.
(See the end of the chapter for
John nods and Holmes seems to be asleep as soon as he closes his eyes.
“Oh yeah?”, John seems intrigued, “what do you like to read? “
John reaches for her but she steps back. Hurt. Wounded.
Only by the reassuring pressure of John gently squeezing his hand is he brought back to earth and reality.
“Yes, I smoke! Gods above. You must be the least observant person in the world.”
But every-time I seem to return to what Andrew had been talking about.
Immediately the look on the stranger's face sours again.
After that she had continued her story about some lordship from a county over who had had illegitimate children with as much as three of his maids and his wife had only recently found out now that he had died and the maids were claiming they were owed an inheritance of some sort. John had stopped listening.
“Now, now, Sherlock, you said it yourself! You've just been under a spell. You are not completely yourself again.”
I just can't tell her. I can't tell her everything. If I don't tell her I can pretend that, maybe, it didn't happen after all. And then I can stop feeling so miserable about it. I tell myself that that's exactly what I want.
John tastes like lies.
He's pretty sure that, no matter where his life will take him after this, this here, this afternoon will always be the best day of his entire life.
*******************************************
Sherlock is close.
“My brother still lives and he is out there.”
“A letter?” this is not what Sherlock was expecting.
There is a part of me that doesn't feel like I have earned her forgiveness.
He tosses and turns in his bed.
The voice reminded him of sunlight and warmth.
I just.....
“The first”, he says, “if I were to leave now I'd break my promise to Finn. I used to be a soldier. In the army: a promise is a promise. Men who break them are not worth much.”
“We are going to visit Lord Huntington this afternoon. Me, my daughters....and you.”
Why is the light in this kitchen so bright.
He is suddenly highly aware of the fact that he is just wearing the same pair of jeans he usually wears and a plain black t-shirt.
No answer came from Finn however and when he looked up to see why he found that Finn had already left the room.
“Oh, I'm so sorry”, she says, “I'm just so glad to see you again.”
Sherlock's heart speeds up to the point where he is afraid it will explode out of his chest.
So soft. Quiet.....innocent almost.
“I'll be there”, Mycroft replies as he buttons up his shirt.
What if they only had been together because Sherlock had been high.
He doesn't know what and he doesn't quite understand it but he knows he has to do something.
Tonight there is just this.
“Your mother is nice”, John says.
She wonders where they are right now.
It is then that John notices the dark circles under his eyes. The tense line of his lips now that he is fully awake, his shoulders hunched up just a little bit too high as his head droops down dejectedly.....
Mary proceeded to wrap her arms around him and as she lifted herself unto the tips of her toes she, once again, pressed her lips to his. The kiss was soft and unhurried and tasted of sadness with a bitter edge.
Sherlock doesn't understand what John is asking of him exactly and so he doesn't know what to answer either and so he decides to answer true at least and says:
He looks just as good as Sherlock remembers.
Maybe he can pull Holmes out of the dark cloud.....if he can even get to him that is......or maybe.....if he can get to the medallion he can make it work for him again.......
'Will you be here all alone tonight?' the gentleman asked. Smile perfectly stuck to his face.
I did mean what I said but I also don't want to lose him.
Finally they reach Miss Hooper's table and Holmes sits himself down on the empty chair opposite the girl without even so much as an “hello”.
“Someone left the mark of a magpie on my body”, Holmes replies, “it is the only lead I have following some strange encounters I've had beyond the veil. Something is stirring, Molly. Somebody is planning something and it's not going to be good.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and kisses them. Every part of John's skin tastes sun-kissed and warm.
For now the soldier smiles at the mage.
“What if the medallion will not work for him again now that he's given it away? It's how the medallion is supposed to work after all”, Finn says, “Once you have given it away you can not take it back.”
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
In his mind John reaches out towards it and it welcomes him with open arms.
It's gone before John's hazy mind can register what it is exactly.
As it turned out this had been a grave mistake. With thoughts of Watson and the puzzle he presented swimming through his head he had not had his full wits about him while traveling the Shadowlands and without realizing it he had found himself too close to Morgana's lair while he was filing away some information in his mind palace.
So, in the end he ended up doing what he always did when his inhibitions and decision making skills were both way down: he decided to call Mary. Blatantly ignoring the very inappropriate hour in his slightly intoxicated state.
And he forgets she was ever there.
And then he wakes up.
His fingers rested on the bond-bite on his neck. It was only just starting to heal again.
Because, as soon as the sun goes down and the rest of the household retreats to their own private bed-chambers, Sherlock makes his way to Watson's.
Maybe it's the knowing that's the problem.
All I can do is apologize for what is to come.
“It's just a matter of time”, Sherlock says.
Finn had talked to him then about 'The Order' and the prophecy.
Once again the three of them are seated at their usual table drinking coffee. Molly is already flipping through the pages of her book to find which part she wants to practice.
“I do not want to put you in danger”, Holmes says.
Some things in life and death are inevitable.
In the evening we watch tv. My mother has gone to her room already so it's just John and I huddled together underneath a blanket on the couch with a movie playing that we're both not really paying attention to.
He'll wait about 10 minutes more and then he'll leave.
Of course.
'A week? That doesn't make sense.....he should have been there.....'
John knows his own suit is by no means cheap but, as he looks around, he still feels incredibly under-dressed.
He doesn't know.
Sherlock kisses him roughly. There's tongue and teeth and gasping breaths shared between them.
It seems Watson wants to say something but  Sherlock quickly continues speaking. The words leaving him like a waterfall that cannot be stopped now. The dam around his feelings is breaking and he needs to get everything out in the open now before he drowns himself in them.
He's about to be presented to 'The All' for the first time.
How they used to understand each other.
There is a light in him for sure but it is of another quality entirely.
“John?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Now that I know what the consequences for John are if he is in a relationship with me.
Holmes had been unpersuadable.
The man laughs. Molly cringes. The soldier's knee buckles as if he suddenly remembers a wound long forgotten.
It never quite seems to be enough.
'I guess I've been away too long.'
And he knows what it feels like to thrust inside of him.
The ugly truth laid bare.
He screams.
****************************
Sherlock has heard stories about The All.
Morgana laughs again and her legs once again multiply and turn into sharp spider-like appendages. She likes her spider-form very much but after last night she is only able to form into it partially. At the moment she is a gigantic spider with a woman's face and dark flowing hair that seems to become the dark corners where faceless voices whisper unspeakable things.
John.
Watson has put down his book as well and he's rubbing his hands across his face. He has probably dozed off for a bit. Sherlock wishes he had noticed. Hadn't been so engrossed in his own thoughts. It would have given him one last opportunity to really study Watson.
Sherlock contemplates protesting but he's pretty sure it'll just encourage Greg even more so he drinks his now lukewarm coffee instead. It tastes awful now that John is no longer here. As if, when he left, John had somehow taken all the warmth and taste in the world with him as well.
Sounded familiar.
To his left John coughs the fakest cough Sherlock has ever heard in his life and when he looks over John is beaming a radiant smile at him as he gestures to his paintwork.
For a moment his heart betrays him and starts beating faster.
Only now that they were standing and whatever had just passed between them seemed to be well and truly gone did John realize how late it had actually gotten.
“Joooooooohn!” Mary drawled. She was getting impatient. Surely if Sherlock kept ignoring him he would go with his girlfriend and Sherlock would not have to live through the mortifying experience of throwing up in front of John.
He's taken off his wig. His hair is a complete mess. He hasn't bothered trying to correct it.
And it always seemed to be the final stop for every single one of John's girlfriends.
Maybe he hadn't liked....
****************************************************
Just.....nothing?
John desperately wanted to go and ride his horse. Let the rain quench the fire that had ignited inside of him. See Sherlock again maybe. Ask him where he went when it rained.
I shake my head.
Greg has never picked on him before though.
It makes Sherlock uncomfortable.
'I will gladly give you his hand in marriage if that is what you've come here to ask for...' the older alpha tried.
The look on Holmes' face is one of pain now.
“I'm going to get us both a cupcake and then you can just decide of you want one or not.”
This isn't the first time Sherlock and him have had sex in some cheap hotel-room and it probably won't be the last.
It was well hidden, but John's scanning eyes had found it. Amidst the folds of this riders cloak there was a splash of red.
There was a full moon in the sky. Every now and then wispy clouds slowly slid in front of it like ghost-ships made out of fog traversing the inky black of the night sky.
If you are: thank you. I have every intention of completing this story. Updates might not always be very regular.
to touch him.......John....
Their horses are, once again, tied to a nearby tree as they both make their way closer on foot to investigate.
This is why I don't do friends.
You were so young when we met. So innocent. Such a boy still”, he smiles softly to himself in the dark and, for a second, the heavy thing in front of him seems to grow a bit lighter.
She rubs the tiny shards of magic between her fingertips until there's nothing left but bloody stumps. Then she regrows them and does it all again.
But no.
I've had such a wonderful time writing this story and it's been great seeing people react so positively to it or even seek out the source material!
'I know your home situation is somewhat difficult at the moment', the headmaster had said, 'but school is important. How well you do now has a tremendous impact on your future. I just want you to succeed in life, John.'
He's just relieved to find he hasn't added any hearts....or swirls.
'Of course.'
The slender fingers somehow feel like bones and the flesh is moist and cold to the touch.
'John', he moaned again. Over the time they had been together John had come to notice that the closer Sherlock came to climaxing the more he liked to say his name. He'd never mentioned this observation to Sherlock. He was too afraid Sherlock would stop doing it if he did.
even.
“This is a nice theater”, he eventually says.
“Nothing”, she says, “it's.....nothing.”
As I look up she gives me another sad smile.
The moment that made him want to avoid Rugby John for all of eternity.
Sherlock decides to go for the 'show don't tell' approach and instead of answering her question he asks her:
And then again....
Sherlock always says yes.
Mrs. Hudson is very pleased to see him back so soon.
'I need to find him and I think I know where to look now.'
“Did you like kissing her?”
Probably also because it's the only hangover I have ever had.
Oh great.....Mike and Greg are back.
John wants to take that lip between his own teeth and bite down gently....and pull...
The ball continues.
Slowly, gently, Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and held him tight.
“He'll be glad to have you here. Trust me.” the sound of Finn's voice woke John from his contemplations.
Well....of course it's not the same....neither of them are the same people they were a year ago but.....he just wants to know if John still feels for him what he feels for John.
“Rugby captain John?”
Miss Hooper gives him a weak and sad smile.
He had laughed as he twirled her around. Then her enthusiasm had been contagious.
“I'm sorry....”, he says and gives her another weak smile.
Such a generic name.
Both of them were silent for a while. The only sound the crackling of the fire in the corner. John found it strangely comforting.
In hindsight the horse had definitely been too much.
He doesn't know.
What John is saying to him, in this instance.
He also desperately wanted to see the meadow again. It had been so calm, serene, beautiful and not of this world. It fascinated and excited him to no end.
Holmes sighs again.
Even seeing Watson from a distance like this he feels himself coming back to life again after days of restless sleep.
John laughed excitedly, kicked of his boots, hoisted up his kilt and waded in until the water reached the middle of his thighs.
But John doesn't let him finish.
He places both of his hands firmly on the back of Holmes' neck.
John hadn't missed it.
Surely that implies that they are in a relationship now......doesn't it?
Once you turn eighteen you will be bonded and all of this nonsense will stop for good.
Greg laughs.
'S okay, maybe the crocodile went and ate her.'
The East Wind is the ultimate punishment for sinners and little boys who will never live up to their father's unfair expectations.
“A great evil force will rise in the Shadowlands. One set to conquer and destroy all.....But.... a powerful weapon will also be sent to earth by the Moon-goddess herself”, Finn says, “a weapon to end this fight once and for all. With it we will be able to defeat the most powerful of dark creatures.....unless they get their hands on it first.”
For now he still remembers her and what she did to him.
“You know”, Finn says, “I might be immortal but you won't live forever.”
The sound of hooves drew ever nearer.
Time to figure out what the hell he's actually doing.
“Go get yourself some coffee”, she says.
He could now see that he found himself in a very long hallway lined with doors.
Sherlock is at a loss for words but John seems to have found a whole wellspring of them:
So I just remain silent, cast my eyes down and twist my fingers around each other nervously.
It had made a home in your very bones and no matter how hard I tried I was never truly able to chase it away.
He sighed as he used his fork to roll his peas from one side of his plate to the other. Whenever she had her mind set on something it was best to just give in and be done with it. Try to defy her and she would not let the matter go until the day you died.
Considering the circumstances he finds himself surprisingly calm and at ease.
About us.
The last time he was in these rooms Mycroft was still alive.
Bonded to a magical creature..... who knows what that had done to him....to his blood....to the Watson lineage....or at least, that's how his father would see it.
Once they get back to Molly Hooper and the medallion, Holmes will find out once and for all that his theory holds no water and then......
Finn actually laughed now and the sound reminded John of crackling wood in a fire.
Even after everything.
Or disappointed.
He felt tense and on edge. Partly because of his mother's fiery tirade, but also because of the events of that afternoon.
John chuckles.
“I don't know”, the stranger says, tone of voice still laced with barely contained rage, “you've got a weird look on your face....I don't like it.”
'You just don't have my imagination.'
If he ever gets to see him again.
Hide himself away from the world.
This time his groan turns into a sigh halfway through as he rolls over onto his back.
And they worry so much already.
Faintly the sound of buzzing flies reaches his ears as his head feels as if it's being stabbed.
The decay of whatever it is that they have has already begun and he knows it.
“No, it's not”, Holmes says.
“He's a freak and he's had a crush on you for ages. It's disgusting. You're lucky he hasn't violated you yet....or has he? Has he touched you inappropriately in the library? You don't have to tell me John. I'm just a friend. Looking out for you. See!”, here Sebastian waves the test answers around, “What has he ever done for you? He's just a weird guy with no friends. He doesn't even attend classes. He just hangs around with you hoping he'll get inside your pants.”
He quickly looks back towards the direction in which Holmes has just disappeared but there is no sign of him anymore. Just a dark silent doorway.
He looked out of the window once more, judging the distance to the ground that lay beneath, hidden in the dark of the night.
There is a look on Holmes' face he can't quite place.
But for now he still needs her.
They are both close.
“So what is it you wanted to talk to me about, Ru.......” He abruptly stops talking, purses his lips together in a thin line and averts his eyes once again.
His stepmother raised her hands in exasperation. Both her daughters seemed to sink a bit lower in their chairs.
He doesn't really know what else to do. How to respond. The soft fabric of John's sweater rubs against his cheek as he does so and he stores the memory of it away in his mind as well.
But he needs to text John. Send him something. Just to verify for himself that, yes, it all was indeed real. John is real. He wasn't dreaming.
It makes him think of drowning.
“I haven't won a single game all evening”, he says.
A small sliver of light suddenly filters in through one of the cracks in the walls.
“Why did it take you so long to text me his week?”
Mr. Watson gives another short laugh before he continues again. Apparently Sherlock's input is not needed.
The room beyond is too full of light to see what Holmes is hiding in here.
“Then....I do”, Sherlock says.
John hoisted himself in the saddle. Riding with the added weight of pregnancy was a new experience altogether and it took some adjusting of his posture to find a position that was comfortable and would not make him lose his balance.
Maybe I've pushed him too far.......
Instead of treating John as the enemy they should have been allies. Working together to keep Sherlock safe and happy and help him to not talk himself down all the time.
“How did your father die?” he asks.
Sherlock glimpsed down briefly at the piece of paper on the table, still partially covered by Johns hand but the passing grade was clearly visible, and just raised a haughty eyebrow as he looked at John.
But when he reached the swarm this time it was not just the corpse of master Holmes that he found. It was his own corpse as well. Eyes gone, hair matted with blood and as his gaze drifted down to the pool of blood on the grass beneath them that he now shared with his master he saw that their hands were clasped tightly together. Their fingers intertwined.
of them, are purely my own.
That evening, after you had retired to your room upstairs I wondered a great many things.
Of course there was a part of him that still felt glad that the master of the house seemed to be back in good health this time but the feeling that he had been discarded once again overshadowed that light gladness he had started his day with completely and had left a dark and heavy cloud behind instead.
Sherlock swallows around a sudden lump in his throat.
He drowns himself in it.
My hand comes to rest on his chest and underneath I can feel the calming thud of his heartbeat.
John felt as if a weight had been lifted from him. With Sherlock acting the way he did today he had been afraid Sherlock was going to cancel their study sessions altogether. John liked their study sessions. He liked Sherlocks company. He didn't want things to be over.
Or both.
(See the end of the chapter for
What if he's not good at it....what if John finds he doesn't like kissing him....
It had proven to be another warm day and, in order to keep cool, pretty early on John had taken his shirt off again.
Predictable.
For Sherlock Holmes magic has made up a vast part of his life. Over the years he has gotten desensitized to being able to conjure up flames at will, making yourself disappear or forming objects out of thin air.
Caught off guard by the direction their conversation had suddenly taken John gave her a puzzled look.
She kisses the top of my head.
“This”, Sherlock says, “you.”
“I can neither deny nor confirm this.”
He looks at Holmes yet again to find Holmes is looking at him too.
“It's fine”, he had said, “it's all fine.”
The sight of a Pagosteras greets him. The creature is enormous. It's been a while since he's seen one this big. Its body completely made out of ice as it slowly makes its way towards him. He feels his eyebrows freeze and the cold stings his eyes and lungs as it creeps its way into his body with every step the creature takes.
But then....why ask Sherlock along? Maybe he just did that so Molly wouldn't say no.....
There are more threads to her web.
John smiled as the beginning evening darkened further around them. Deepening shadows and playing tricks on the imagination.
Sorry for the shorter chapter but when it's done it's done, you know....
“I'm going to my room.”
'I love you, John.'
Involving the both of them in the mess that Sherlock has spent most of his adult life trying to avoid.
How John even got a girlfriend in the first place is beyond him.
Some use chronological order, some use a made up narrative, some use the items from their made up surroundings as support. A scaffolding or framework to hang their memories on. Something to keep them anchored and safe from the turbulent flow of time.
If there had been any way......
Nor the thick wallpaper itself with its rich floral pattern - lord knows why he picked that – and certainly not what lay beyond the doors in the rooms he had imagined there. Adding more and more of them as the years went by.
Again his master produced a sad smile. John didn't believe it for a minute.
'Well, I'd take you over him any time.' the nobleman said as he led his horse towards John, handing him the reins.
He hopes the meaning of his words comes across but he very much doubts it does.
Finn nodded.
And so he starts moving. Gives it his all but he still feels utterly ridiculous. He knows there's a beat and rhythm to this song but his clumsy limbs can't seem to find it.
There are some details that the passage of time will never erase from my mind.
He takes a deep and calming breath again.
John decides to delay the awkward moment of having to explain his presence here for as long as possible and just lets him sleep.
Once he gets on the plane all choice will be taken from him. They will be parted by many miles, oceans and timezones then.
At least now she has some answers.
The air around them seems to be alive as it crackles and pops.
Her mother had just kissed her unassuming brown head of hair and had tucked her back into bed.
Or maybe the sun is exploding.
Bring him home.
A woman. Both young and old at the same time, hovering over him.
I wrap my legs around him and now we are both moving.
reputation?”
I step back. Out of Andrew's reach but I still somehow feel where his fingers have grazed my skin.
It might appear they do not.
John lays on his good side and I shape my body against the curve of his back. I drape my arm over him possessively. My need to hold him close has only grown with every single minute that has passed ever since he walked through our front-door tonight.
Beside him John felt Sherlock positively vibrate with barely contained rage but, as much as he would like to see his mate rend his father apart with words made out of knives he felt he should speak for himself once more and so he did:
“John?”
Strong, sure, leading.....
John wasn't sure why but he had really liked it when Sherlock had sat so close to him the last time.
It was then that the wallpaper the fingers of his right hand still rested on started to feel damp and slightly warm.
Of course there were rumors about these strange circumstances too.
**************************
John, in turn, released the grip he had on Sherlocks backside and Sherlock slid to his knees in front of him. Immediately his hands were back on his face and before he could say anything Sherlocks lips were on his. His tongue invading his mouth aggressively no doubt tasting himself there. They both moaned and as John felt Sherlocks lips form a smile against his own he silently wished for 10 minutes more.
There really is no need.
It's as if he knows Sherlock is not quite ready to take their relationship further.
Snatched away Hooper before the King could have his fun and then......maimed his favourite demon. The Dark Man.
All the men that have come before John.
"There can be no us"
Mycroft first spots the roses beside Sherlock's bed.
Sherlock would rather die than let that happen.
He moaned again and as he did so Sherlock's tongue was suddenly inside of his mouth, his hands on the back of his head. Dominating the kiss. Guiding him along. Taking over control in the way that both of them so desperately craved.
Some silly, hopeful part of him had thought his father would allow him to have his child.
“Ophelia”, Sherlock supplies.
'The world between worlds. It's a fairy trick.'
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was Sherlock Holmes....apologizing?
He cried out again as he fell forward, taking his assailant down to the ground with him.
“I think we have English together”.
John might already be asleep for all he knows. He probably is asleep.
“Hey! Wait up!”
What he had said to him.
He has completely turned Sherlock's life upside down. Has made him see and experience things he never thought were possible. Gave him a new outlook on life.
And so he had reluctantly released his death grip on Holmes' clothing and had raised his hands between them in what he hoped was a placating and soothing manner.
Everything around him seemed cold, pale and empty. There were no birds singing. They had all migrated south for the season.
'Lord Wallace is completely abhorrent. I will not spend the rest of my life with him!'
Usually one of them leaves the hotel-room after they're done having sex.
He just nods but he doesn't really reply. His jaw is a tight line as he tries to keep his teeth from chattering.
John looks at him expectantly.
“Whatever shall I tell father!”
Finn raises his left hand and twists it in the air bringing his thumb and index finger together to form a circle. He quickly releases both fingers and an ember jumps out of the flames and lands neatly in Holmes lap.
'No, sir.'
I feel alone and lost.
But he doesn't feel as if he has succeeded yet.
***********************************
he thinks.
I catch the gist of them but they're gone before I can examen them properly.
Sherlock's lips tingle with it.
I stop my train of thought there before it even dares traveling further from the station.
I've never in my life been good company.
“You don't look so hot either. Been sleeping on the couch again I see. Another fight with your wife?”
His hand a reassuring weight where it is placed on Sherlock's chest.
There is a hand first. Weaving its way out of the darkness frantically like a man desperate not to drown.
His beautiful contradiction.
But judging by the nervous pattern Sherlock's fingers trace along the seat of the couch he's pretty sure that'll just freak Sherlock out.
The contents of the letter do not change.
, he wants to say again but he finds he has now, momentarily, completely lost the ability to speak.
He realizes that, in his dream, he is completely naked. Holmes is too. He also realizes he doesn't care.
John wasn't sure what was expected of him, 'the trees?'
Another couple of hundred meters further the trees started growing denser still and the climate underneath them actually turned pleasantly cool.
But so far she was still blissfully unaware. A smile formed on Johns lips as he gently kissed Sherlocks tip earning him a broken off groan and Sherlocks hand gripping his hair.
At this point he needs to hurry or he will be too late for school after all.
“What?”, all he manges to say. He usually prides himself on his eloquence. Not with John apparently.
“Good....that's......okay......I should get going.”
In the middle of the night.
Sherlock is confused. There are so many conflicting feelings and emotions swimming through his head right now. He doesn't know what he was trying to do.
Time is fickle.
At her mother's soothing words the fear inside her had subsided just a small bit.
Eventually Monday does come.
I had let myself get so lost in John's messages that I had completely forgotten that Andrew was sitting next to me again.
“Good night, Sherlock. Sweet dreams”,  John says.
This time he is not looking at me. He is talking to one of his friends.
“It's easy”, he says.
Death follows him around too.
And to his credit Sherlock actually does look sorry. The blue of his eyes slightly dimmed as he looks down at where his hands hold on to the police tape that divides them. It's as if he is desperately holding on to a lifeline.
“I made tea,” John tried, placing the cup on Sherlock's bedside table. Sherlock didn't stir, so John left it there and went to his desk to read up on his Histology notes.
John cried out and fumbled for Sherlock's zip, managing to get it undone and pull out his hardened member. He was a bit longer than John, but not as thick, fitting perfectly with the man's slender frame. Sherlock groaned loudly and thrust up into John's hand. The doctor pushed him onto his back, straddling his hips and licking the long column of his throat, leaving bites and angry red marks. He nibbled at his collarbone, sticking his tongue in the hollow of his throat and following a straight path downward.
"Oh, it's time for phase two then!"
'How do you know how to orient yourself in the woods?' John asked. 'You don't seem like the type to go hiking with your family...'
John swallowed nervously.
Sherlock was now more engrossed in his
John opened the tent and stood glaring at the shivering man. He looked even more soaked than before, and oddly fragile. Something in John broke a little at the sight.
'I'm still cold,' Sherlock concluded with indignation.
“You were right,” John began, clearing his throat and still addressing Sherlock's lips. “You were right about me not knowing, but once I looked, I saw. No, I observed! You wouldn't tell me about you being gay, or about Victor, not because you thought I would judge you. Or that wasn't the only reason. The truth is, Sherlock, that all this time, ever since I came to live here, you've been staring at me all the time.
“Oh... Right...” Sherlock quickly looked away.
John laughed incredulously. “Seriously?!”
"But Sherlock-"
"If you want to have sex with me John, yes."
"Well... He spends more and more time at the office..."
'And you're boring.'
John woke slowly to the sound of chirruping birds and a warm body beneath his. He cracked an eye open and saw the sleeping form of his flatmate, one arm thrown over his head and the other draped around John's shoulders. He smelled of rain and earth and something soothingly familiar, and for a moment John stroked the milky skin of his chest in small circles. Sometime during the night, they had shifted so that John's head was pillowed on Sherlock's chest, one arm around his waist, their legs tangled beneath the blanket.
"Yes, but that's exactly-"
Sherlock sighs and glances at the bed on the other side of the room.
'I was bored,' Sherlock said silently.
“H-how did you know? Have we met before, 'cause I'm sure I would've remembered you.”
"Oh John, about that experiment the other night, I'm sorry, I know you wanted us to-"
“I... I've never done this before, you know, with a bloke,” confessed John, and he suddenly realised he was nervous.
John turned around suddenly:
"Perfect! See, I told you this would work!"
"What is this?"
, and most of them were quite talented. The stories, especially, made him feel shy of writing up another blog entry ever again, they were so well-written. And, of course, there was the porn.
'Brilliant, just brilliant. So we're lost.'
'It's not my fault-' Sherlock began, but when John turned around to face him with a death glare, he stopped. Somehow, the army doctor was even more menacing while soaking wet, his white cotton shirt clinging to his skin.
"Oh for god's sake... What? What is it?"
Two days later they made the front page.
Sherlock picked up his phone and snapped a picture of them, then wrote a quick message and threw his phone somewhere at the foot of the bed.
“Those things will kill you...” John said, matter-of-factly. “What are you even doing, exactly? Aside from delayed suicide,” he added with a bitter smile.
'Apart from that one, yes.'
'Okay.' He fumbled for the condoms, tearing the packet and fumbling with the slippery latex. 'Okay,' he repeated, positioning himself at Sherlock's entrance.
John reached for Sherlock's hand and pulled him closer, lifting his arm and settling Sherlock against his chest.
Sherlock didn't get to finish his thought as John's fist collided with his jaw. Sherlock fell on his back out of sheer shock, and by the time he got to his feet John was flexing his fist.
,' Sherlock purred.
John was standing straight, his gun still trained on the dead animal, his breath coming in harsh pants. Sherlock looked at him in awe and finally John put the gun away to look at his friend.
“That's all... your stuff?” John said, eyeing the cardboard boxes which made up a barricade around the spare bed.
"Is everything OK?" John asked concerned.
'John.'
John shifted uncomfortably in his chair. It was 10:30 PM and he had just read explicit stories involving him and his flatmate. He'd been creeped out at first, but he was determined to go through at least one before abandoning the idea altogether.
'I was a scout,' John offered as Sherlock couldn't hide his appreciative gaze.
"So everything went just as we expected?"
"Impossible. You are a vital part of my observations."
'I probably deleted the instructions for this, didn't seem useful,' Sherlock mumbled and began rummaging through his bag.
Sherlock, for his part, was following John for once in his life, occasionally uttering some sort of accusation.
'No,' Sherlock replied, his voice more clear than that of a half-sleeping man. 'You had a nightmare this morning. Didn't know you flailed as well as screamed.'
“You're an idiot,” said John affectionately, when he got his breath back.
'Seeing you with them is torture,' Sherlock glowered at the junction of John's neck and shoulder, punctuating every pause with a kiss. 'My John is better than them, better than all of them, he's alive!'
The deadly serious tone of John's voice made Sherlock shiver. He said nothing, though, watching instead as John pulled more food out of his bag, along with a perfectly functioning mobile phone and other camping equipment.
'Apologize,' John's voice was firm, his shoulders tense.
'Look at you...' John made a loose fist around the sensitive head and Sherlock screamed. Dimly, John wondered how likely it was for them to get kicked out of the same hotel twice, but then Sherlock started to tense his inner muscles around him and John lost all train of thought. His hand tightened around Sherlock's cock and he set a fast pace, feeling his own climax near.
“Wow.”
"Sherlock, what are you playing at?"
Sherlock laughed. He saw a flash of young Mycroft, his face red from exertion, asking if they were a long way still and could they please stop for some cake.
“There's toast, if you want. And I've got pictures from my dissection today...”
'Bloody hell!' John grunted and twisted his finger, crooking it a couple of inches in, against Sherlock's prostate. The man let out a surprised little moan, then canted his hips to grind John against that perfect spot. John indulged him, allowing a few strokes before pulling out, spitting again and attempting to fit two fingers in.
Sherlock bit down and John gasped, his jaw going slack. He could only moan as Sherlock's tongue traced the abused skin, then louder as he was pressed back into the wooden door.
"And who knows, maybe you'd enjoy the project more if you had a more active role in it."
'You're completely mental!'
The storm turned into a light rain shortly. John lead them down towards a small flat area near the stream that ran along their path and cleared it of twigs before Sherlock set up the tent. It was an odd sight, Sherlock on his knees in the mud, trying to figure out how it was supposed to go up. After watching him for a good ten minutes, John took pity on Sherlock and under the pretense that they both had to sleep in there, preferably before dawn, he made quick work of the small tent.
Sherlock promptly confiscated John's laptop and began scrolling through the page. His eyes widened and he gaped, but when John wanted to look over his shoulder Sherlock quickly scrolled through and shook his head. He was blushing, John couldn't help but notice, but he knew it was a lost cause trying to distract him when Sherlock fixated himself on something so he went and made some tea.
"Well, no-one seems to be paying any attention to you right now. It's not that they don't trust you, that's just the police, mostly. But since you can't go to them for work, you're not in the papers, and that means zero publicity. You were gone for three years, we need something to draw the attention of the media!"
“Is this another experiment? Because I swear to god-”
'Fine, then I'll leave.'
'Look!' Sherlock called to him from outside. John popped his head out and focused his gaze in the direction Sherlock was indicating.
'We know we had been headed south, but veered east. The hotel is north, and the moss shows us the way. There's also a town south-east of the hotel, around 20 miles away, but we can't be on the right path towards it, since those hills you see on your right should be directly in front of us. Our best chance is to try to reorient ourselves and pray that we can find that hotel again.'
'Yes, fuck yes, yours,' John managed through Sherlock's ministrations. The taller man pulled back a little.
He let out a frustrated groan as he popped the first few buttons only to reveal another layer of cotton underneath. Without much consideration for John's wardrobe, Sherlock tore at his shirt and roughly pushed his vest up, licking a wet stripe from John's navel up to his sternum. John's hands came up to his sides and fumbled helplessly with Sherlock's shirt, as the younger man latched onto a nipple.
Sherlock virtually ran out of the kitchen with none of his customary grace. John frowned and got up, inspecting his laptop as though it might be one of Sherlock's experiments. Well it
John smirked as he hit Sherlock's prostate, and did it again. He knew what he was doing, even if he'd never actually done it before. At Sherlock's insistent whine, he pushed another finger in and started to scissor them, making sure to brush against his prostate once every few strokes. By the third finger, Sherlock gave up on coaching John and became a moaning, writhing mass of pure pleasure.
'Apart from the one you vandalized.'
Alex handed him a slip of paper with a wink and then the two of them left.
Sherlock jumped at the sound of footsteps on the stairs. They weren't Mrs. Hudson's (too quick), nor John's (no limp, he thought bitterly). A case?
“Victor Trevor, yes. Though technically, we were never actually together.”
"Sherlock, I heard- oh. Hello," John appeared at the top of the stairs and took in the scene. The woman turned and her smile grew impossibly wider, her hands twisting unconsciously in the fabric of her coat.
'You're a right bastard, you know that,' John muttered as he fished in his bag for something to eat.
He could distantly feel Sherlock letting out a measured breath as he pushed in, but everything was secondary to that impossible heat, tight and pulsating all around him as Sherlock willed himself to relax. He gripped Sherlock's hips tightly and pressed on, stopping when he felt like he could come at any moment. When the roar in his ears subsided, John heard Sherlock's sharp panting.
'I thought you said wolves didn't attack humans,' John said quickly, the dog inching nearer.
“How did you- Never mind. If you'd have told me-”
Oh god. That was the hottest thing he'd ever read in his life, and he was John
“We're both idiots,” John conceded, tracing Sherlock's collarbone. The man was far too skinny, the doctor in him supplied. Sexy though, John's libido countered, and he mouthed lazily at Sherlock's jaw.
Sherlock was looking at him patiently, a wry smile tugging at his wet lips.
'Oh for-'
“Sherlock, are you OK?”
"And how do you propose we do that?" Sherlock demanded with an arched brow.
"So... what are you..." John waves vaguely, a confused look on his face. Sherlock sits up and steeples his fingers, clearly intrigued.
Slowly, deliberately, John lowered his lips to Sherlock's, giving him plenty of time to refuse. But refusing was the farthest thing from Sherlock's mind as he felt John kiss him, just a simple press of lips, but so tender and sweet that he felt his chest constricting. When John probed with his tongue, Sherlock moaned, a deep sound reverberating through their ribcages, which had somehow got very very close.
than in his work, and it was starting to worry John. They hadn't had a serious case yet, but Sherlock didn't seem to mind as much as before as he stood cross-legged on the sofa and read the blog Devin and Alex had set up. John was still weary after his first peak but was determined to see what the fuss was all about. If it kept Sherlock interested, it must be fascinating. The again, dust was fascinating for Sherlock so maybe he shouldn't get his hopes up.
Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed to take it all as a sociological experiment. He was fascinated by the concept of influencing the masses via
"I'm busy John. Experiment."
Slowly, Sherlock started to meet his thrusts, rolling his hips and seeking that sizzling pleasure that John's fingers had given him. Chuckling softly. John smoothed his hand down Sherlock's spine, from his shoulder blades to the hollow above his tailbone. Then, bracing his good arm next to Sherlock's head, John bent down to trace his tongue up, over every vertebrae, stopping to nibble just below the hairline. John felt Sherlock's shiver rock through both of them and his hips snapped forward sharper than he'd intended.
"Mmm" Sherlock ran a lazy finger across John's scar.
“Do you want to?” asked Sherlock, his hand still lightly stroking himself.
John sighed. He just hoped they painted a pitiful enough picture to melt the manager's stony heart and soothe his ego. Steeling himself for a long hike, John fished his track boots out of his bag and, shaking his head at Sherlock's Italian leather shoes (of course he had refused to pack anything more appropriate for a mountain resort), he started to make his way through the trees.
'My family had a mansion in Scotland. I used to wonder the woods when I got bored. It was very good for hiding. No-one ever came looking for me, they all assumed I was smart enough to eventually find my way back.'
"Uh... What do you mean?"
'Well now that you know you're prone to being kicked out of regular accommodations, you should always carry a tent with you, just in case.'
John came home, boots covered in snow, to find their room filled with smoke. Violently coughing, John could barely see Sherlock propped up on his bed and surrounded by ashtrays and cigarette packs.
"Uh, Devin, I'm not sure..."
"Well could you keep me out of your experiments next time?"
“Piss off.”
“Do you... do things like that happen often?”
'You don't know what I want,' John snapped. Sherlock nodded but pressed on.
John looked confused between the disappointed girls and the inscrutable detective.
John had vehemently drawn the line at keeping his mouth shut.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and gestured to John's luggage.
"You obviously don't find the scenarios offensive as you have been regularly checking for updates in the past few days. Also your behavior towards me has altered somewhat and your body language suggests arousal. Still, I understand it is preferable to ask first: would you be adverse to some of these scenarios becoming true?"
'Of course I do, I'm not an idiot!' Sherlock snapped, eyes blazing. At John's disbelieving snort, he raked a nervous hand through his hair.
'It's your fault you didn't pack a compass!'
"Got any more messages on your blog?"
“What if you get bored?”
'What do you want? Tell me, what do you need?'
"Yes, quite dreadful. Do you have any evidence...?"
'I... I know that what I did has upset you. I went behind your back and I apologize for that, but you must know that I didn't do it only because I was bored. You may be ordinary John, but you're not dull, you're not boring. You don't want a normal vacation any more than I do.'
They had been deemed the most well-known public figures in Britain, thanks to the many websites that were now dedicated to them. It was enough for the police to want Sherlock's input on cases again, as the Met's popularity was rapidly decreasing with the newest string of serial murders.
“Hello?” The voice on the other side is strained, undoubtedly from the effort of dragging a considerable amount of luggage up to the fourth floor.
John looked around in confusion, but he couldn't figure out who Sherlock was yelling at. A few moments later, the door swung open and Mrs Hudson, the landlady, came in carrying a huge cake.
There was a long pause in which Sherlock welcomed the cool sensation on his bruised eye and John tried to deal with several realisations at once.
John barely registered as Sherlock got up, took two large steps across the room and placed his knees on either side of John's thighs. He automatically reached one hand to steady him and it seemed to firmly hold on to Sherlock's hip with no intention of letting go. Sherlock smiled and ran a finger down the side of John's cheek, tracing his jugular and resting in the hollow of his throat.
, when-'
“You won't be a doctor for another three years, John,” grumbled Sherlock from under his cover.
“Victor and I broke up.”
With an uncharacteristic lack of coordination, Sherlock managed to twist onto his front. John urged him to fold his legs and kneel on the bed, and Sherlock braced himself on his forearms as John parted his cheeks and pressed a slicked finger into him.
"Tumblr," John managed weakly. "Look at this."
'You looked so genuinely happy when we were walking together through the woods, when we saw the deer... You loved watching the stars at night and you've never felt more alive though this entire vacation than you did this morning.'
Sherlock paused at the sudden topic change but decided to let it go for now.
“I sometimes have nightmares,” John offered. At Sherlock's questioning brow, he added, “Since we're gonna be living together, I thought, you know, we should know the worst about each-other."
John let out a sigh of relief and arched into Sherlock's touch. Sherlock took this as encouragement and slipped his tongue between the other's parted lips, carefully grasping his erection. John's surprised grunt dissolved into a moan as Sherlock's hand began to move with deft strokes. When he added a twist at the end of his upstroke, John bucked and dug his nails into Sherlock's back.
'John!' Sherlock keened, throwing an arm over his eyes.
John was always calm, even when they argued, but the hysterical tone of his voice made Sherlock look up. John's eyes were wild and his hand was beginning to shake.
Sherlock maneuvered them back to the bed, all the while nibbling at John's lips. He seemed physically unable to separate his mouth from a piece of John, not even long enough to remove their shirts.
“John...”
“Hi! I'm John, John Watson-”
. Again."
“Beg pardon?”
After John left, Sherlock turned on his back again. The cover was still tented around his groin, despite his best efforts, and he sighed in frustration. Why did John have to be so warm and lovely?
“Just open it, you git.”
John stood there gaping, not believing his ears.
John muttered something about going to bed and quickly made his way to his room. Once he got under the sheets he tried desperately to think about football and antibiotics to will his erection away, but it was useless. As he slowly moved his fist over his shaft, he concentrated on images of his past girlfriends, on Mary, on that gorgeous woman from Tesco, but their blond locks morphed into dark curls, their curves into long, smooth plains and when he remembered those Cupid's bow lips twist into a sexy half-smirk he came so hard he couldn't help but groan loudly as his pleasure shook him.
“Sherlock?”
"She said it's only the beginning. Sherlock, what-"
Sherlock looked over John's shoulder at his laptop. The browser page showed a site he'd never seen before.
John seemed genuinely concerned, but Sherlock couldn't be bothered. So what, if John got himself worked up over things that didn't concern him? He didn't care about John's stupid fussing. He won't make the mistake of caring for anyone, ever again.
As he scrolled a little he found a section entitled
“But what about
Even though the word had been no louder than a whisper John spun around as if he had been struck by lightning. Thunder in his eyes.
He feels himself going red again.
It makes me feel tense and on edge.
I smile. Because how can I not smile when he tells me he likes being around me.
I could not be more surprised to find that some of you actually read my first chapter. And some people even liked it!
“Of course you don't, sir”, she says, “of course you don't.”
'Thank you', he said. A response, he realized, to both of the times Sherlock had said it.
The smile he gives Sherlock now is almost apologetic.
And, although I'm definitely not the one who started this rumor, I can't help but feel guilty about it.
Sherlock looks down at his body questioningly.
These sensations caused by my own hand are nothing more than ghosts of the memory of him and I wonder if this is all I'll ever have of him now.
Not in the slightest.
“I guess I've always known too”, John says, “just took me a bit longer than you to figure out what exactly I was feeling........you always were the smart one.”
He needs to get somewhere where he can look at the night-sky and the moon without walls boxing him in.
“I just said that this colour looks very good on you, sir”, the girls repeats herself. Never taking her eyes of the floor.
It makes him look the part.
Gods.....he hopes he will see him again.
Good.
Blaming him was like blaming the sun for shining in your eyes. All you had to do to avoid it was just look the other way.
I nod and then quickly add: “I don't know.....maybe”, because I'm starting to realize he might be trying to ask me out and  the only person I want to be asked out by is John and John was supposed to ask me out days ago and he hasn't.....yet.....not officially anyway....and now I just feel nervous and jittery and a little bit frightened all of the time and I'm such a powder-keg of volatile emotions that I simply cannot handle Andrew adding anything to the mix.
He thinks he prefers his nightmares.
Not anymore at least.
He suddenly felt far too naked, too exposed, even in the sheltered confines and privacy of the cave.
About earlier.
One of the last people to board the plane.
'Trust me, Sherlock', he said, 'I don't know who this wanker was, but you can do so much better.'
In an attempt to hide it he lowered his face and stammered through his words.
Because, suddenly, John's hand is in mine and he gives me a smile that almost makes me believe we are at a sun-soaked beach again and he starts pulling me towards the rugby-group.
I didn't prepare her for what was to come.
Lady Holmes did not have time for John or the trivial matter of his father dying. She gave him the two weeks off he asked her for without even looking at him. She was just glad to be rid of him and John made himself scarce as soon as he could.
That voice in the back of his mind keeps telling him:
“I want you”, I say. My voice hoarse and shaky in the charged stillness of the room.
Each step a step closer to maybe never seeing Sherlock again.
I love you all for it so to show my gratitude: here is another chapter.
When the sun had finally started to set he was left slightly sunburned, even though it was only early march, and his shoulder and leg had gone from being as painful as they could get to going completely numb.
Sherlock still doesn't reply so after a moment of awkward silence John continues speaking once more:
“There are things.....”, he says but just like before he doesn't say them. He just hints at them and I can't help him if I don't know what they are.
I won't be leaving any friends behind because, you know, I didn't have any and if I can just manage to blend into anonymity that will be a major step up from having the word 'fagot' thrown at me as I walk along the halls.
At the moment you are giving me a curious look across the breakfast table as I write away at this letter.
I reach down with  my right hand. Into his jeans. I am searching. His breath comes out in short bursts of air against my lips. We are  no longer kissing. There is just contact and closeness.
“I'm really sorry about this”, he says, “we can sit somewhere else if you want but I'm afraid they'll just follow us again if we do.”
at all to make John smile.
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. A chance to find out more about the elusive master of the house?
He wants this to last forever.
He can't sleep and he wishes he could relive the day again.
He texts John his address.
My palms are clammy and my jeans are as uncomfortable as they get but I have no time to change into anything else anymore.
Sherlock didn't think it would be possible, but John's voice manages to go even lower and softer: “God....all the things I want to do to you....when I get back, Sherlock....I swear....”
I hide myself underneath the covers but I still hear him walk down the stairs and I hear the door close behind him.
And just like that John's worries of the night melt away. He wonders how he could have ever doubted Holmes' affections towards him. They are written clear as day on his face now as he gives John a hopeful and yet slightly nervous look.
Or...at least....he thinks that's the case.
The house used to be owned by Holmes senior. A distinguished gentleman, loved by the community. With his wife he'd had two sons, but shortly after the birth of the second boy the wife had died.
*****************************************
“I was....busy”, is what he ends up replying after a short pause that, perhaps, has lingered on just a little bit too long.
He had lain awake several nights in a row in an attempt to figure out what to do with this brand new epiphany.
The phone rang once.....twice.....and then:
“I see him too”, all Holmes says.
But the world doesn't work like that.
When he is this close to me hours seem to go by like seconds and seconds like centuries.
As if a door has been left ajar and there are possibilities on the other side he had never even dared to dream of.
For a moment it sounds like Bill wants to say something else but no more words follow. Apparently he is done talking. Waiting for Sherlock to reply. See if he'll curse at him and hang up the phone. If he'll threaten to tell John what Bill has done. Go to his superiors and get him punished for.....oh....he'll think of something.
, he thinks.
I want to look at him. Look at his face. See if there is still any light left in his eyes but the hood covers all of it and all I can see is the tip of his nose gone slightly red in the cold late November air.
'You really don't know, do you?'
“I said you had”, Mycroft continues, “maybe you can go over there tomorrow....say hello....for old times sake.”
I try to smile. Make light of the situation.
John thrusts again and it gets brighter still.
And he had found himself giving in to it willingly.
“And what then?”
Sherlock silently smiles at his own joke.
His eyes eclipsed and his easy smile hidden and shuttered away behind the tense and closed line of his lips.
'No, of course it isn't,' John spat sarcastically. 'It's not your fault that you can't be left alone without a case, lest you blow a skylight through the roof with a home-made grenade. It's not your fault that you had to come with me to this perfectly nice resort in Transylvania, complaining the whole bloody way, and I had to endure everyone's comments about how you and I had the same room number.'
knew where we were going all along!'
John couldn't decide if the statement was meant to put him off, but for some reason he found it terribly funny.
Without thinking, John closed the small distance between them and pressed their mouths together. One hand went up to tangle in Sherlock's curls while the other grabbed his hip to steady himself. Sherlock's lips parted with a breathy moan and John darted his tongue between them, tentative little flicks, then bolder strokes. Figures, John thought in passing, they fit together so seamlessly it was impossible to imagine them otherwise. It felt right, the way very few things ever had to John, even as their noses bumped, seeking out the best angle.
Sherlock cursed sharply and batted John's hands away, undoing the button with a swift motion, then carefully lowering the zip. He pulled the jeans down along with his pants, making a keening sound in the back of his throat as John's cock sprang free. Full and already leaking, it rose from the blond curls at the base and Sherlock cupped it in his hand, running his thumb over the top and then down the swollen vein.
They ended up on Sherlock's bed, a tangle of limbs and clothes. John found he couldn't stop kissing Sherlock, couldn't get enough of the delicious sounds he was making, even as his own jeans became decidedly uncomfortable. Somehow, Sherlock managed to rearrange them, accidentally knocking over a lamp, so that he was on top of John, hands just above his shoulders and cocks perfectly aligned. They both moaned loudly at the contact, and Sherlock proceeded to unbutton John's shirt.
'Ready?'
Sherlock frowned.
'You're not bored now, are you?' John growled, pulling on Sherlock's ear with his teeth.
"Are you asking me to... You want to know if..."
Devin sipped her tea. She and Alex were sitting on the sofa in 221B looking quite smug. Their project to restore Sherlock's career to its former glory had succeeded in little more than a month.
“But- how did the landlady know, and I didn't?” he asked, and Sherlock predictably rolled his eyes. “I'm your roommate!”
John supposed he should count his blessings. At the very least, he had packed a tent for the Outdoor Experience part of their trip, which was supposed to be a relaxing, yet entertaining activity. He could almost laugh at the irony of it, striding purposefully through the woods in search of a dry, level stretch of ground on which to set camp. They would be forced to spend the night in the tent, as it was getting dark and there was no way to reach the nearest town in time.
“Good, that's good, John...” Sherlock pushed back a little and John applied more lube. “Now twist your finger a little, try to- GAH!”
"You're not here to sell anything or you would have said so by now. You show no signs of distress or unease, which tells me you are unlikely to be here for a case. Irrelevant," Sherlock stalked off towards the sofa, disappointment clear in the way he threw himself back in a foetal position.
Devin smiles indulgently.
“Set the curtains on fire before that... And there was the one incident with sulphuric acid...”
"What? You mean... That I should write... No!" John spluttered and met Sherlock's eyes for support.
Just as he was about to lie back down, he heard John call his name in an urgent whisper. Frowning, he crawled outside and stood next to John, whose face was frozen in a mask of tension, his eyes wide. His terrified gaze was fixed on a huge gray dog, standing no more than ten feet away from them, its teeth bared and growling. It was larger than a common wolf and was frothing at the mouth.
'Good shot,' he said eventually, taking in John's blown pupils and steady hands. His adrenaline-fueled body was taut and vibrating with unspent energy.
“Beg pardon?”
"John, here's your AO3 account and password, in case you change your mind."
"It's their merit, at least in part. You should take them up on their offer."
By nightfall they were back at the hotel. John hadn't even stopped for lunch, refusing any form of communication with Sherlock. The detective had briefly considered leading John on the wrong path again but the look in his eyes changed his mind. The manager agreed to let them come back after a particularly efficient combination of threats and bribes on Sherlock's part.
Oh god.
Sherlock smiled at John's obvious delight.
"Um... What's your name?" John asked politely, maneuvering the bags from Tesco into the kitchen.
'We should be heading the other way, you idiot, look at the moss growth on that tree!'
“John, John I need you in me,” Sherlock pleaded. John's jaw was already aching, but he was pleased to note that even after his inexpert fumbling, Sherlock's erection hadn't faltered.
“Alright, I'll leave you boys alone, don't eat it all at once!” Mrs Hudson said and left with a pleased smile. John poured out tea for both of them and sipped his cup in silence for a while.
Sherlock looked at the offered hand curiously, but hesitated to take it. Instead, he cocked his head to the side and tried to deduce what this strange woman wanted from him. Oddly, it didn't seem to make her uncomfortable like it did most people, quite the contrary. She held herself still with barely-contained delight and smiled openly.
John turned to face him fully but otherwise didn't move. He waited impassively for Sherlock to continue.
'Is this what you want?' John whispered in Sherlock's ear, repeating the pistoning motion. Sherlock's open mouth fell silent as John sped up with surgical precision. 'Is this what you need? Is this how you like it?'
'John?'
, for fuck's sake! Did you want to play doctor in the woods? See how good I could stitch up your face using only threads from my shirt and a twig? Christ, do you even have a first-aid kit in there?'
Sherlock swallowed nervously, and placed his hand over John's.
'Okay,' John said tightly. 'You're okay. God, Sherlock...'
Sherlock's answer came so close to John's ear he could feel the swollen lips as he spoke.
“Start slow, it's been a while,” Sherlock instructed, and John was glad to have the feedback. His voice was low and rough and John's neglected cock twitched at the sound of it. John circled Sherlock's entrance with his index finger before slowly pushing in. He felt the muscle give and, at Sherlock's sigh, he started moving in and out.
"It was not specified that it should be delivered
Sherlock hears the heavy footsteps and panting before the tentative knock on his door. Still, he makes no move to get up from his bed and waits as there is a second, more insistent knock.
"Miss... Devin," Sherlock interrupted smoothly. "What exactly do you plan to do to rehabilitate my career?"
'I think we initially came from that way-'
'Good to see you're speaking to me again,' Sherlock said in a low voice, his lips pursed tightly but his eyes twinkling with mirth.
'Would you stop blaming me already!' Sherlock snapped and got to his feet, towering over John. 'I understand you're upset, but if it weren't for your stupid idea for a vacation and your stupid fascination with Dracula, none of this would have happened!'
John nods and then they are out the door and the midnight of the hallway beyond it swallows them whole.
And she hears another door closing at the far side of the room....hidden in the darkness ahead.
At lunch-break I finally catch a glimpse of him.
“Shut up, freak!”, he shouts. Sherlock seems to remain unfazed by the pure rage that Sebastian now spews towards him. “This is exactly why you don't have any friends.”
“Which is.....”
His magic.
The corners of his mouth quirk up in that slight hint of a smile that John has seen there countless times before and up till now he had no idea how much he had missed it.
He had escaped and he was never going back.
'And what about you?'
“Then why do
Without it there was nothing you could lose.
The air of otherwordlyness he bore around him having been almost palpable as it fitted him like a well worn cloak.
But he had just wanted to.......he doesn't know what it is he had wanted.......all he sees now is red when he thinks back on the afternoon.
Maybe Sherlock steers clear of other people, not because he knows he's a cut above the rest, but because he believes everyone else to be better than him.
That he was falling in love with someone else and that he figured that, if you were in a good and solid relationship, things like that shouldn't happen.
Sherlock watches them and decides he will not tell John about the talk he's had with his father.
I laugh softly and my mother gives me her most motherly and gentle smile.
John's hand on his own erection now. Moving fast.
It's just so.....”Holmes”.
Sherlock doesn't want to hear it.
“You haven't scared me away”, he says.
Maybe ignorance really is bliss.
“Oh”, John says and for a moment the expression on his face remains one of surprise only to slide into something more comfortable...more familiar and Sherlock feels like he can breathe just a little bit easier again.
John is not looking at him.
“I found your little massacre”, he says.
As John let his eyes wander over Master Holmes' form in disbelief, he had not been expecting to see him again until summer at least, he noticed a bandage had been wound around his left biceps. If he had been hurt during his travels this time around at least it had only been minor. He let out a breath he didn't know he was holding.
He had let himself believe that....
Her dress is one of the dreariest in the room. Her face is slim and pale and her lips are small and tight. John can certainly see the resemblance to her aunt. Somehow it makes him pity the young girl just a bit.
I wish things had been this simple months ago.
Last chapters are always so hard to write.....
When he still knew nothing about magic.....or Master Holmes.
They finally reach the school and Sherlock gets out of the car and hoists his bag with his props and part of his costume on his shoulder.
Somewhere, behind the fog, Holmes moans, his eyes shooting blue blinding fire before he closes them.
I'm finding it difficult to divide my concentration between covertly looking at John, thinking about John, both wishing John would look and would definitely never look at me again and having smalltalk with this girl I've just met.
Of course my mother is home.
I stare at my screen for at least 10 minutes after sending but my message remains unread and there is no reply.
For a moment Mycroft doesn't reply. The machine behind him beeps its steady pattern, in the hallway someone laughs as the sound of footsteps comes and goes just behind the closed door.
“Oh!', she says as if it's the most exciting thing she's ever heard. She bats her eyes and moves closer to him. The silk of her red dress brushes against John's hand. “I've heard Scotland is lovely”, she continues, “I would love to go there sometime. My name is Miss Astley. Of the Astley family of course.”
They ended up sitting side by side with their backs against the bed again. John's head resting on Sherlock's shoulder. He was tired, still somewhat drunk and it just felt right.
Only.....he's never had a dream quite like this before.
She gives me a sad smile in return and I have to look away again.
I cringe. I can't help it.
“I know you do”, he says.
John sees him before he is seen himself and so he takes a couple of moments to just stand there and look at him.
He wonders if, perhaps, this is the only way they can meet each other after all. Maybe they still need the cover of darkness when they are together.
'Everything is fine.....it will be fine.'
I am sorry.
Just as I knew everything would.
and now he's having a social get together with not one but two of his classmates after school tomorrow......
He never wants John to feel that way again.
When John wakes up again it is already morning and the reassuring pressure of Holmes' form that had accompanied him during the night is gone.
Sherlock gives him a scowl.
He finds himself drowning in John while simultaneously being set on fire.
It could have been something that had to do with Sherlock.
Sherlock sighs.
“I don't want to be your secret anymore”, I say.
“Then.....are you a bad kisser?”
Sherlock is like the brother she always wished she had.
From what I have been able to gather there is a new rumor going around.
It's been hard to get in touch with John ever since he has started his military training.
John almost stretches out his hand towards him.....to reassure him....almost.....there are too many people here.....too many eyes.....too many.....
The word “ghost” drifted through his mind now and it seemed to both calm and frighten him at the same time.
All the way back to London.
This time I just turn my phone upside down on the desk. It's all I'm capable of at the moment. My fingers no longer feel like my own. Both of my hands feel numb and my face cold and dead.
I didn't know John went to this school.
“That's my name.....Sherlock Holmes.”
With another swift kick John spurred on his horse in the direction of the black horse.
Finn lets out a sigh that's supposed to be aggravated but to Sherlock it just sounds amused. The elf likes meddling in his private life far too much.
“I've been avoiding you and that's not really fair and....I.....really am glad you're here.....but I told you that already.......I just......I don't know......I don't know how to do this.....here.....with you......but I also don't
In that moment John had been prepared for the worst so he had been taken completely off guard when, after what seemed like an age of silence, Holmes finally spoke:
'So she has called him to her again?', said one.
'So you've got an army doctor working for you now?' Finn had asked. Of course he had figured it out. He always did. That was the thing with Elves. Because of their long lifespans they had the patience to wait you out.
Sherlock sits alone on the floor of the living room of his apartment.
'Write to me when you get there', he had said.
he stepped out onto the grass.
Molly is the type of girl who brings her own lunch to school.
But...what if this is the last time he actually gets to talk to John.
He's not quite sure how to finish that sentence and so instead he does take another sip from his beer. His hand only trembles slightly.
In the corner just above the door.
'Will you be back?'
(And some "fun" info for those not familiar with the actual story of Tam Lin: in the original ballad Tam Lin does ride the white horse and that is how Janet knows it's him)
Sherlock smiles and nods.
No where to hide from the inevitable death that will separate him from John someday.
John gives him a nod and a grateful smile but the man is already gone.
“It's the eyes”, John continues. There is still this warm, affectionate smile on his face and it makes it hard for Sherlock to speak. So instead he just shrugs.
We were quite a pair, weren't we?
The rest of the class applauds too. Everyone...except for John. He just stands there and looks at Sherlock.
A click followed by the beeping of a line disconnected as Bill hung up filled his ears.
After that he had left.
Between his fingers he forms the grains into something new. Something soft, gentle and comforting and he spreads it out over Holmes' tense shoulders and back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Running his hand through his hair........oh god.....
Every now and then he will put his own eye to one of the cracks between his world and the next and he will peer beyond.
It's mind numbing, gut wrenching and heart breaking and it brings him to his knees.
They are both silent for a couple of moments more. Once again it is John who speaks first.
He has seen the Spider on numerous occasions.
The embers don't even so much as fizzle.
There is no point in beating about the bush.
“Those are the worst.”
John had never seen a flower quite like it before and he decided he would take it with him. Maybe press it at home and study it further.
Maybe John thinks this will bring them closer but, eventually, these small grains of knowledge about Sherlock's personal life will end up becoming the salt that spoils the sweet meal.....the sand in the oil that makes the cogs of the machine stop turning....it is  the beginning of the end.
It will probably never be alright again.
But they have a sense of it. Of what it means. Of what they both seem to be asking. And from both of them the answer is decidedly “yes”.
It still won't budge.
'Even if I was a vampire I wouldn't. There's too much sugar in it.'
Sherlock pretends he doesn't hear what he's saying.
“Three months”, he says as the smile that had, not moments ago, come to him so easily slides from his face.
And so he devotes the rest of his time to placing all these new and wonderful memories and sensations he has recently acquired into his mind-palace while they are still fresh in his memory so he will not lose a single detail of what he holds so dear.
Mycroft isn't in that casket, nor is he here.
Her hands grip tightly onto the mattress beneath her. Anchors intended to pull her away from this nightmare but it doesn't seem to work.
She just gives me this knowing look before she heads to her own room to unpack and head for bed.
There are too many emotions.
Once again Sherlock can't sleep but this time for an entirely different reason.
Once they had started kissing time had seemed to not exist anymore. It had been as if they had stepped outside of the normal, mundane world and had made themselves a splendid universe all their own.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then, all at once, there's the rest of the creature.
The outside world just seems far too vast and treacherous for something as fragile as what seems to be forming between them.
To no one in particular.
John's reply is equally soft. A shared breath in the space between them.
His breath catches in his throat and as he makes his way backwards in an attempt to get away from the horrid vision he pulls Holmes along with him.
he thinks
I tell her about meeting John on holiday, about meeting him again at school, about the two people he can be and how I'm not quite sure anymore which one is the real him.
“So he's unconscious then?” he asked. His tone a tad more pleasant than it had been moments before.
Maybe today won't be so bad after all.
Numbly I nod. I don't think he even sees it.
I hate myself for it but I do.
Around the tips of his fingers tiny stars appear that gradually grow larger and larger as they rise towards the ceiling where they finally collapse in on themselves and float down again as snowflakes.
But he couldn't.
John had been here before maybe once or twice on errands to get building supplies for the mansion and stables or to get something Mrs. Holmes and her daughters needed on short notice.
“Just you and me this time”, he says, “would you like that?”
'Good, huh?' Mrs. Hudson was still smiling. John nodded and smiled back. In earnest this time.
Each chapter will be inspired by a different song.
I can't follow Molly, I certainly can't go over and talk to John, I don't know anyone else here and I feel like throwing up but I don't know where the bathroom is.
My mother actually lets him stay in my room. She doesn't even bring out the air mattress. She just gives him one of my t-shirts and lets him sleep in my bed with me.
In all those years we had been together the weariness of the war never truly left you.
One he's never seen there before.
“Do you want something to eat?” John tries once the boy has closed the door behind him.
She opens her mouth to say something but I don't want to hear it.
Where else would he go.
John leans forward as he takes a good look at one of the rare pictures of Mycroft and me actually in the same place. It was taken at his graduation. He has a proud smile on his face but I just scowl at the camera. I had wanted to go out and catch frogs that day but my mother wouldn't let me.
Mary doesn't pay it any mind.
I am over him entirely.
John thinks.
I tried to hide it with wigs, stage make-up and an exaggerated bent posture but I don't think I ever fooled you.
'Indeed', was all Sherlock said. He leaned back in his chair and sipped on his wine. The food did not seem to be agreeing with him at all tonight. This was usually the case when he'd been away for too long.
John doesn't know why he's asking. He's not hungry. He's not even sure if he still wants to be here. But there is a part of him, a very confusing part, that does not want this moment to end.
Sherlock hates James Bond.
They don't bring Sherlock anything if he asks for it. They won't even bring him cigarettes and he's asked for them quite a number of times.
Sherlock feels nervous and self-conscious as the paint is quickly drying on his face and, for the moment hidden again by his shirt, on his abdomen. As it dries the paint starts to flake and itch but he suppresses the urge to wipe at it with his hands.
“Well, well...Molly Hooper....It seems you can be wrong after all”, Nighthawk says as his fake smile pulls his mouth in a tight line.
Sherlock does not.
Sherlock said nothing.
They deserve a second chance.
“I walked into a door.”
We've got two seats next to each other and I've got the window seat while John sits next to the aisle.
Once again my  mother offers to drive him home and once again he politely declines.
'I want to but the crocodile won't let me.'
Watson had once again rubbed his shoulder, it must have been bothering him an awful lot today, Sherlock had seen him trying to reposition his arm and kneading it with his other hand time and time again. Ever more frequently as the day wore on. Sherlock has developed this theory that emotional stress aggravates Watson's physical complaints.
Breathy sighs in his ears and soft feathery kisses along his neck.
Something softer and more familiar. Something simpler than this complicated web of emotions that seems to have formed itself between them these last few months.
There is a feeling in the back of his mind now. It crawls just underneath his own thoughts. Something cold and dark and curious about the empty space where Holmes' magic is supposed to be.
He vows to himself to make it his mission to make Sherlock see what he sees in him.
, Sherlock thinks,
John had just decided not to comment.
“She will be able to help us?”
Finn just looked at him questioningly. 'Why are you back so soon? Is there something going on?' he asked.
All so I could just see him smile at me again.
Morgana is weaving a spell of her own.
He finds that all of the sounds surrounding him are somewhat muted. As if they are coming from behind a thick curtain.
Molly turns an even more alarming shade of red. Sherlock doesn't understand why. Greg is John's friend.....why would Molly........and then he suddenly gets it.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock shakes his head again.
.....that's what he'd almost concluded his sentence with.
“Do I look like I care?”
His heart breaks whenever he sees Sherlock so insecure....so at a loss.....
But before John could ponder the topic any more duty called again and he spent the rest of his day repairing damage dealt to the mansion and stable complex by the storms of the previous nights. A job that kept him outside in the wintry cold mostly and thankfully far away from Mary's gossiping and sharp eyes.
“Yes, sir. Right away, sir.”
“That's what it says on my name tag, yes.”
The stranger had a haughty look about him as he looked John in the eye, his arms crossed and one eyebrow raised questioningly.
“Thank you”, I say as I wiggle my fingers around the bottle of beer still in my hand.
They are sitting at a table in the small coffee-place down the road. There are not many people in at the moment so they pretty much have the back of the place to themselves. Molly, John and Sherlock.
Holmes must die.
Finn adores him like this.
“Well....you'll still see me.....”
But still.
I cry in long and heavy sobs and  my shoulders shake and my body trembles from the intensity of it.
He knew he couldn't do this.
John Watson that Sherlock has had a desperate crush on ever since the moment he shook his hand and said “hi”.
If he shows Watson even a hint of friendliness the man will find an excuse to ignore his order and stay.
'Have you tried talking to him?'
“I'm sorry”, he says, “I'm not like you.....I mean.....not here anyway......if they find out about us.......I don't know.......I'm just not strong enough for that......and.......they'll hurt you, Sherlock.  You see that, don't you? Tell me you at least understand part of what I'm saying.”
Sherlock didn't reply. If John wanted to talk he'd let him talk. If he didn't, that was fine too. He had intervened in Johns personal life enough today.
“Okay”, John says, “maybe I ran away a little bit.”
The dark man just grins. For the first time this evening she is able to get a good look at his features underneath the dark brim of his hat. His teeth are pointy and dirty. A dark fluid stains his bottom lip. His eyes burn like red embers in the depths of his face.
