Moran                        There's plain relief in my voice, barking into the phone, "Where the fuck have you been? I've been ringing you for ages. The pigs are right on my heel and I need an extraction"
John                            My breaths are coming out in pants and groans now. “Please make me come. It’s right there.” I try and still my hips, so I could feel him work me over.
Greg                            "Shit. Mycroft might have fried her brain or something, I don't know how it works really. Maybe we should just focus on getting Mycroft back to full health and then focus on questioning Seb." I sighed and rubbed my head and I was straining to think of what to do next.
Surgeon                "Time of death 08:--"
Mycroft                       "Did you plan to stay tonight?  I would like for you to" I say quietly
Sherlock                   The letter is refolded, put down on the side table before my fingers steep in front of my face, touching my lips, "He must think I am already out of the game due to the loss of John. Especially as I have not attended the last two crime scenes which may have led to clues about Moriarty. Now he's striking at Lestrade."
Sherlock                   I shuffle around, plonking myself down on the sofa after John suggests it, eyeing the child next to me, "They're called biscuits."
Alright. Thanks.
Greg                            "Just... Didn't expect it... Will you at least get under the covers with me?" I said slowly at first and a small smile appeared on my face where I shuffled down against his arm. I could still feel my heart pounding away, my tiredness suddenly gone.
John                             “One of you get us a wet flannel and a glass of water. The paracetamol from vanity too.” I squat down next to the sofa, looking Greg over and feeling inside of the next of his shirt. He was warm, very warm.
Greg                            I agreed and as soon as things were a bit more settled, Anderson and Sally were arrested with the way they were involved with Moriarty's scheme for strong Metas to get to the superior point they were before the government stepped in. The twins were set up and a couple months after we'd gotten back into our normal routines, I began my own business with investigating meta crimes.
Mycroft                     I raise an eyebrow and stare at him as he snatches a clump of noodles with his chopsticks. "Don't you have enough food?" I ask.
Mycroft                     I stare at the monitor as Greg looks up into the camera, almost as though he can see me. I close my eyes and concentrate on him, the warmth of his skin, the smell of his cologne, the tenderness in his eyes... Dear god, I hope this works. I can't lose him... I can't lose them all.
Sherlock                     My arms and lips find John one last time before we go, holding him tight, "I'll inform my brother we're going. He'll make sure you're safe here. If anyone comes in without giving you the passcode, shoot them."
Mycroft                     "So did I." I take a sip of coffee. "Apparently, I was mistaken. She was outside Greg's flat last night."
John                            “We need to find Sherlock. When was the last time any of us have heard from him?”
Mycroft                       It is well into mid-morning when I finally wake. I vaguely remember an alarm going off some time ago, and Greg slipping out of bed, but aside from that, I slept a solid 10 hours - something I rarely do.
Sherlock
Greg                            I hiss for a moment where he accidentally caught the cut on my head and when it had stopped hurting, I slipped my shirt off to leave it on the floor. My hands were shaking from the cold picking up the sweatshirt and Mycroft had to pick it up when I dropped it, swearing at it.
Seb                              "I'm just cleaning up a bit Jim, the last people here didn't do a very good job!" I called back from where Eurus had once been held and there was the odd splatter of blood on the walls that I'd been cleaning.
Mycroft                     "I understand. I worry, too. We have to trust him." I reply.
Mycroft                     "Most of us can't see the future, John, so we'll just have to take our chances." The only person I know who can - Eurus - I don't trust. "Let's get my brother safely home before we worry about the next step.
I’d rather not.”  Sherlock shot back as he sped up to leave his out-of-shape babysitter behind and catch up with the two people carrying John’s gurney.
Lowering his brow now, Sherlock crossed his arms. “Honestly, John. Of all the things I could possibly resent you for…”
“Is that what it’s really like?”
He thought as loudly as he could.
Bluebell cleared her throat and John, having forgotten she was there, pushed Sherlock back to his own damn side of the bench.
Sherlock clawed his left-handed fingers into the crab grass and mud, pulling hard to free himself from the metal and glass. The other arm was trapped beneath him. One eye was unable to open, he assumed due to trauma around the area causing swelling. He felt the hot, thick drops trickle lazily down his face but ignored it in favor of concentrating on getting up and out of the wreck. He could smell gas, but there was no fire he could see to ignite it. And besides, they had little over an eighth tank when they’d arrived at what used to be Baskerville. The throbbing was in his head, mostly, and he was vaguely certain he’d struck the steering wheel. All his effort had been deployed to keep him from flying out of the vehicle without a seatbelt on. He sneered as his brain insisted he be aware he could not feel his legs.
“So that was…” Henry stumbled on his tongue as he asked, color just beginning to seep back into his face.
“Hey. Here’s the shower, you can shower, right?” John swept his hands towards the copper pipes and clawfoot tub.
“Yeah. No, you don’t have to come. London, it’s called. Yeah, real big.”
“Don’t make a mistake. One week. Voluntarily or by force.” Mycroft looked down his nose at the cocky partner his damned annoying brother had chosen. Then he turned and left. “One week.” He called behind him as the door swung shut after him.
A simple, knowing expression graced Faas’ face as he watched his mother take the trolley back, then Sherlock sweeping out the automatic doors and out of the crowds. “Yeah. I'll see then.”
I want to say now that certain things Sherlock knows are accounted for later on, so you can't call bullshit on them. In case anyone (rightly) points out John never told him this or that. It's established how that happened later.
Sherlock considered her for a moment, suspicious. “You want someone, not even me exactly, to deliver Miss Stapleton a rabbit?”
“Hm. I also don’t stand idle when the people in my company are in chains. Though no…” Sherlock looked over with a blandness in his face, “I am by no means a ‘saint’.”
Sherlock deepened his frown. “What are you expecting me to say.” He looked over John’s face, his body language, and realized something. “You’ve had this conversation already, in your head. I don’t need to be here for it.” He moved past John to look around more, but John caught his arm.
“Lovely to meet you, dear.” Mrs Hudson chimed shortly, taking Bluebell’s hand in two of hers. “Sherlock.” She turned her attention right back at her tenant as she blocked his way up the stairs. He huffed, annoyed.
“I did not kidnap your son, I was kept with him.”
John could hear her unfolding the paper, and breathed out when he realized she was reading it. “How are you… shedded?”
“Just half. Of the latter.”
Nope.
Mycroft’s lips twinged. “Yes, Doctor Watson. That is so.” He drawled, obviously irked. John smiled. “And I am also certain you’d note, no matter certain appearances, I do
“Sort of shy. It waved at me, sort of like it wanted to be polite.”
“No.”
It’s entire head turned around like an owl as it stared directly into John’s eyes, black tendrils coming from it’s cheeks caused a resemblance to an axolotl.
“John.” Sherlock said invitingly as he gazed down at the doctor with a grin. Some of the color returned to his cheeks as the familiar adrenaline pumped through his veins. He knew what that look meant; imminent, fantastical danger… of the sort they could handle, in Sherlock’s opinion at least. He stood with fervor, the chemicals in his blood allowing him to forget his physical distress.
“That’d be great. She’s sure to love your bacon.” John smiled warmly at her before turning to Sherlock’s impatient tutting. “Good night.”
He could shake the thought, but not the feeling, as he wandered the village in the dark, this time behind homes and in the shadows, as the devilish, stinging breeze pushed through him.
Then it was a flurry of activity, nearly nostalgic for John. He was following with practiced familiarity, calling out signals and orders, carefully assessing the short-lived frantic opposition of the guards as they moved from the entrance to the main hall.
Once the feather was out of the plastic, Bluebell jerked her head back. It reeked of Shifters, moreso than if she had her nose in one. Sherlock noticed but ignored it.
Lestrade shook hands and nodded. “Not ‘mates’ exactly, but basically. What brings you out this way?”
“You dirty mutt-shagger…” She leaned her head back and closed her eyes as John moved slowly toward Sherlock, and the pelt once again melded into her. Now, though, she grew large, long feathers. As a condor, she used her beak and talons to crawl her way up the ladder like a gigantic parrot.
John licked his lips, though after they prickled in the cold air.
“John!” The familiar, lyrical voice rang out as it's owner's bobbing white hair came out of the crowd. After a second’s hesitation, John opened his arms, and a huge smile preceded a tight, full hug.
John leaned his head back on the cool cement wall, his arm propped up on one bent knee. “If you want to tell it, I will listen.”
Sherlock led the woman to the chaise, inflating her ego as they went. Only once did she look at John.
Bluebell seemed to be done, so John gave her some water to see if that would stay down. “I don’t think there’s one within a very large area from us. Not even the morgue had much in the way of equipment. It was mostly a giant freezer for storing bodies until they could be picked up by the closest city. I meant it, we’re really not here to work cases. I agreed because I thought it’d be good for you.” John looked up at his detective’s back, a swell of sadness bubbling up in him. “I’m not sure I still think that.”
“I'll fetch your antibiotics and painkillers, then.”
“Oh! Yes I should have remembered. My girl told me there were some amazing doings there. Such a shame I missed it but I simply cannot be expected to be everywhere I’d like to.” She looked pointedly at John now, and he blinked at her meekly to play it up. “Ah yes. I as well. I missed out the last time, those sort are very rare and only a handful are available each time it’s hosted. I am very fortunate as well, she’s just darling. Would you like to see her?”
“How am I supposed to get them to lead me anywhere if I can’t ask for favors?”
AKA Sherlock behaves himself a hell of a lot more than John, for once.
It was like a bucket of ice water to the face. The Neighbors had quieted, back to the wisps they were usually in John’s periphery, the pull in his chest subsided, he no longer felt itchy… he was as he’d been; a bit knackered but focused and neutral.
“Shit. They didn’t catch the warden, after all that?”
“Not at all. I haven’t got anything better.” There was a buzz and John pulled out his mobile. “Jesus. Harry’s left me twelve messages and now Mike’s texted on her behalf.”
“Yeah. Like two. Two stitches I can handle.” He watched Sherlock, acting like a kid who was bored in class. He sighed but stopped arguing. He didn’t really care if Sherlock wanted to do this part himself, no matter how
Sherlock opened his mouth, but shut it again as he heard a call from downstairs. He left without a word to check on Mrs Hudson.
“It had very long limbs, a large flat nose… I think it’s hair was moss but I couldn’t really see under the hood.”
“Thank you, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson… thank you.”
move!” She called out as he stared at the glowing ink around his feet on the floor. A torrent of magical energy swept around him with the ebb and flow of a wave, setting every hair on his body on end.
AKA a lot of figurative slap fights happen. And one literal slap.
Sherlock finally makes it home, albeit briefly. Mrs Hudson recounts something from her past. Bluebell is helpful. Mycroft gets pissy.
Shedding, sitting up, trousers still somehow intact on his frame, he pushed the heels of his palms into his eyes until it hurt and he saw stars.
Laying on a stuffy, much too firm sofa and tossing his phone in the air, Sherlock pondered his choice to send John out on his case. He caught the mobile and tossed it again. After all, it had been less than a week ago they were having a toff over John going around anywhere right now by himself. Here, he rationalized, there were scores of Neighbors everywhere (part of the reasoning behind having the mobile out and in full sight; they didn’t like it for the most part, and therefore gave him some space. Even if they didn’t seem as taken with him as they did with John…) and that seemed to give the wolf-Shift an advantage. Besides the fact here was ‘home turf’ for him in other ways.
“I dunno, Greg. Something’s changed in the past little while with those two. Something not about cases. He needed this, y'know? He’s getting himself back.”
But all the elder Holmes said was “Another of your failed tests.” with a tsk, as if John was his disappointing schoolchild.
“You may be surprised to learn, I’m quite versed with petty bullying.” Sherlock answered dully, pulling shell off his scarf.
. Three of whom were on his list of missing persons from the supernatural community. He suspected the other two, Andean Cats, hadn't
Bluebell was tapping her foot again, not that Sherlock took notice. There was a terrible nagging feeling that this was both linked to their ongoing case, and meant to distract them from it. Sherlock was definitely interested now, she was certain, and she also suspected he had the same inklings she did. Maybe it was a lead, maybe it was unrelated entirely… the latter seemed unlikely.
Bluebell perked up, and Sherlock stood. “There isn’t time to explain now, it will have to wait.” He said, sharing a nod with her. She replaced her heels, albeit begrudgingly.
“Right.” Sherlock looked vacant for a minute. When he came back out of it, he smiled. “Excellent. A bogle, a malevolent spirit who attacks liars and murderers.”
John leaned back a tad, surprised by the sudden intensity. “I was having a laugh.” He tried to backpedal.
“She’s nice, eh? Little bunny, right? I hear she glows in th’ dark.” The boy leaned over John’s shoulder to speak in his ear. It made the hair on his neck stand on end.
“Oh, bugger off Sherlock.” John clamped his eyes shut and tried to control his fear and spiking adrenaline. He pushed his detective’s face away with his palm, positively infuriating the already ticked man.
Unable to sleep while Sherlock was working, even if he wasn’t there, was a part of life John had long since accepted. He took another cup of tea (he’d lost count how many this would make) and tried in vain to read a novel he’d randomly selected. The elder Kar brother was perched nearby, though John was never sure if he was awake or sleeping, to keep him company.
I apologise for this oversight and any harm it may have caused. I will endeavour to improve in the future.
John waited, but Sherlock was still in his own head. Not his mind palace, likely, but on the surface while he worked it out. “Yeah.” John answered in his place.
John watched him, blood in his cheeks. Every careful movement, just as practiced as any nurse he'd worked with. “Have much medical experience, then?”
Before Sherlock could think of a reply to that, she turned soft again as her gaze went to the hall.
“No. Though I suspect we’d know if it were Bluebell. He did, however, send a friendly warning.”
She was in his arms before he could blink, and though he was ready to soothe her, she did not cry.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t take cream.”
John turned away, coughing, and the smile faded off Sherlock’s face. Because he knew exactly what that was, John had told him already. His nightmares about Baskerville.
“I do not entertain children, Mr Cavendish.” She addressed Sherlock, but was looking very intensely at John. “I would so like to see your wolf. Falkland Isles, no? The only chance in a lifetime to see one. That is why you have his dressed with such common apparel, is it not? No sense ruining something nice when he changes.”
With a gust of wind, the sylph seemed to be gone. John stood up and looked around for it. Sherlock cocked his head, still smiling, but didn’t move otherwise.
“Maybe,” John turned his attention back to the present, “but he needs to learn about using his words. He can’t keep assuming I know whatever, it’s like opening a tin of beans with a spoon.”
“If you’re going to be snippy about something that’s no longer relevant, we’re not going to get anywhere. It’ll be hard enough working with Bluebell, especially if they decide she’s too ‘different’. You need the Kar’s help. Obviously I can’t help you properly.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock, silent and calculating, walked over. “Which do you know already?”
Sherlock held his handgun to the side as he pounded up the narrow staircase towards the gangway. He hadn’t considered John wouldn’t be right behind him, caught up in the rush of the chase.
John looked up in alarm, and a tinny yelp escaped him. While he’d been distracted, out of sight came another shot, and John felt the needled head dig into his pelt. Panic flooded him as he watched the vehicle rock and finally stop only about ten yards away from him. He could smell the blood, the familiar blood of Sherlock Holmes.
under the proverbial rug to rot and stink there, he stalked swiftly past them. He was confident he could deduce the correct vehicle while the others brought their case and returned the ridiculous trolley.
John tugged him further from the cliffs, backing up a few extra steps. “We shouldn’t be near the edge.”
“Yes. Out of the dozen structures on this island, it was the obvious choice.”
John leaned forward and tapped a finger to the plastic. “You’re telling me to leave Baker Street. Is that really what this is?”
“She uses her phone to cast.”
“He was a body, a case… until he became something else, because you knew him, and because of why you knew him.”
And it shattered, barely making a sound as the wisps within were sucked into the bogle.
“John, I-”
“Your word. Your word that whatever the hell happens to either of us, Kirsty gets ‘Bluebell’ back. She’s already lost her mother and I’m not exactly confident I won’t be caged or killed on this expedition.”
Huffing a condescending laugh, John crossed his arms but continued to view the London streets whip past. “You see the state he’s in. Even if he weren’t ill, he can’t keep human reliably. We couldn’t risk travelling commercially.”
Mike pushed the leather case he’d been hauling over to John, getting a look of relief and appreciation.
Sherlock lowered his brow and gave John a look. “We should take it all off and treat it properly. Is there any trace of magic left? That wasn’t exactly ordinary glass.”
“Come.” Sherlock said shortly, going back around to the driver’s seat.
“Listen, I… just come ‘ere a second.” Lestrade sighed, moving past them to his car. The lights were still flashing about. “I meant to do this earlier, but your brother…” Lestrade trailed off, smart enough to avoid another outburst. Sherlock stalked up as Lestrade pulled a clear plastic square from his back seat and straightened up. “Here.”
“No. I might’ve agreed with you at one time, but living with Sherlock just… No, it’s way more convenient if he treats me like a grade-schooler because at least he’s sharing his process. The better I get to know him, the less he tell me things. And it’s infuriating, since he does it assuming I’m picking up on everything by this point like he is!” John pounded back his beer and reached to pour himself another.
Although he knew John was making a joke, Sherlock didn’t appreciate it. “That isn’t…” He squeezed his lips together. “Can you stand?”
Huffing, Sherlock pulled John around to face him and leaned in so John could smell the sugary coffee on his breath. “John.” He said again, percussively into his face.
Even John didn’t know why that was his last straw, but it was. “You want to be in London, don’t think I don’t know that! You want to be working cases
Sherlock groaned dramatically and lifted the foot she was taking a shoe off so she could do it properly.
Hey folks, I guess it’s pretty apparent seeing as I haven’t updated in a [insert comical amount of time], but I figured I should maybe answer some possible questions here.
John huffed. “Then you're not paying attention. Molly, Mrs Hudson, Greg, Mike… Sherlock has people, good people, supporting him.” John pocketed his hands and looked at Mycroft carefully, his face turning back to neutral. “Makes me wonder, between the two ‘geniuses’, how many people are there you simply don't see. You must have at least one. Even you.”
A hand brushing against his ear shook him back to the room, where the greyed image of bony fingers came through his squinted, over sensitive eyes.
“Hm.” John replied thoughtfully, lifting his toast to his lips but not eating it right away.
“Hello again.” John greeted, moving his weight more onto his cane. He'd found he liked the wooden one, and kept it.
“And why is that?” Sherlock drawled, doing up his cuffs.
Also, this was based on a special interest, and I have solidly moved on from it.
“If it’s so dangerous,” Lestrade poured out the beers for the three of them, “why are you out here?”
“Yeah. Basic. I couldn’t be bandaged up or bleeding everywhere, even that lot wouldn’t miss that obvious a clue.”
John sighed and crumpled another paper off the pad, throwing it into the pond. He’d been able to shed once he woke up and get his clothes back on.
with several guards interrupting with the cattle prods. He didn't care how long they kept him there, he wasn't eating someone.
As the wood moved through the creature, it dissipated with an angry hiss.
Mycroft studied his baby brother a moment, letting his mouth curl downwards in pity and disapproval. “I’m afraid we aren’t exactly certain.”
“I don’t like to. I lived most of my life without it, and the parts I didn’t weren’t exactly pleasant. No.”
John sipped his tea, lips thinning. “Don’t bother. I’ve tried. You can’t get it from him, or keep him getting any. He’s yet to damage anything but cutlery and the toaster oven.”
“Your brother.”
. It’s a fucking curse, and it’s one I kept at bay a good long while. If I ignore them well enough, I don’t see them as much. It’s why I couldn’t leave London once I got there. There are so few Neighbors in a city that big.”
Bluebell nibbled at her biscuit and somehow managed to give the impression she was looking down at Sherlock, despite the fact she was only around five feet tall. Sherlock put a half-finished theory about a Shifter’s size correlating to their animal in a nook in his mind palace for later.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your change, obviously.”
“Yeah…” John looked from the closed off Strel over to Mads, who was pacing around and looking at everything around them. He hadn’t forgotten for a second where he was and what it meant. He was starting to suspect these two children didn’t either. “Yeah, it’d be good to catch up on things.”
“No, no… nothing’s happened to me.” He defended. Not much had, at least not to the Warrah inside him. And what had…
The Neighbor leaned in a bit, watching closely. John felt a chill in his spine, and realized this creature would be able to tell if he lied.
Permeating dulcet tones flowed, getting louder until they swirled about and encompassed the room. Sherlock stood for better movement of his arm, swaying a bit as the tune swelled. “Who could love a werewolf… how novel. You’ve no intention of seeking out a community, then?”
“Sir?” She trilled, looking up at her boss.
Sherlock took a deep breath and stood straight, looking over what he could see from where they stood. “No. Regroup and return in the morning. By car, this time.”
The rest of the cab ride was made in silence.
“Sherlock…” John sighed and sat down in the lounger they had.
John gets more emotionally invested and I try to give exposition as organically as possible.
“One…”
The second door John checked, on the second floor, made him sick to his soul.
Finally sitting up and opening the file, Sherlock side-eyed his partner. “Autopsy report. You substantiated these?”
John folded the paper so the top half sagged in his hands, looking over it discerningly. “Thank you?”
She took a deep breath and held it, putting the belt next to the towel, then slipping off her robe and setting it there as well. She let out the breath slowly and let herself look up. Sherlock was meeting her gaze, his eyes simply curious. They did not roam. She let an awkward smile play on her face, then took another breath and concentrated.
“I thought we were past this.” John said coldly, loud enough only as it was appropriate for how close they were. It would have been a whisper otherwise.
(See the end of the chapter for
She looked over the aisle past the window as they gained momentum. They were the only two in the small private jet apart from the pilot, co-pilot, and one steward. The path to get them there was winding, confusing, and Bluebell was certain she couldn’t replicate it if pressed. She wasn’t even sure if they were leaving from London.
know. You’re right. But this is not the first time you were put in danger because you chose not to learn about this. You don’t have to acknowledge them to teach yourself what they can do and keep it in mind. If something makes you uncomfortable, you can’t push it out of the way until it gives up. You need to learn to deal with it, what you can and can’t do, what you’re willing to do.”
Having bloody enough now, John grabbed Leo’s bicep and yanked him away. “If you insist.” He said coldly, pulling the boy to the hallway. He knew the youngster allowed it, but no matter how fast he was, John was also confident he was stronger and more capable if he decided not to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock moved into the bathroom, waited for John to gargle and spit, then put his hands on each of their foreheads. “Hm. Yes. Higher than your average. Likely a side-effect of the Oxycontin, nothing serious. Still.” He backed up to catch John’s eye. He was still not really reacting, which made the detective uncomfortable. Pliable John wasn't natural. “My bed. I'll fetch your pajamas.”
“Miss LeCoup. If you’re a consultant, then I’m consulting you.”
"Good on you then. I'm shut up." Sherlock huffed before regaining his blankness.
“Don’t suppose I’m butting in on something illegal.” Lestrade cocked an eyebrow and smirked.
“See what you have to say about him after a few days in his company.” John chuckled, hiking up his satchel on his shoulder and dragging the wheeled case behind him.
Tapping the point of his umbrella on the grass then twirling it there, Mycroft Holmes watched impatiently as the sun’s light began to leak over the horizon on the far side of the glen. He was glistening because even in the cool night, he had to hike the last three miles on foot. His assistant and several other personnel stood around him silently, none of them as out of breath as he.
The rattling of the SUV bumped once on each set of tires and stopped. John leaned sideways to look, since the light hadn’t changed from the dark of the deep prairies. The headlights looked as if they were shining through fog, though it was clear out, and instead of being shook they now glided as if on a newly paved parking lot. But it wasn’t asphalt or cement. Running ahead and under them looked as if made from large rocks that had been smoothed and fitted together so the only way to tell they weren’t all one stone was by the differing colors and patterns.
“Take care, there is both a confined distance and some manner of tamper prevention in this.”
“Well well…” the drawl vividly
Sherlock looked down at him, frowning. “Hm. I think I’d prefer to leave him here. They can get unruly around one another.”
“Andrea.”
The crease in John’s forehead increased and they bounced over another hole in the road. His crossed arms went down to steady Bluebell. “Great to find that out once we’re already out here.”
“Not ‘Where are John and Henry?’ Ah right. You become single minded when you’re emotional.” Mycroft appeared beside him as the stretcher was raised into the chopper, cutting off a scathing retort. “Mr Knight has been taken to hospital, if you recover your sense enough to take notice.” Mycroft examined his umbrella, failing to look bored (at least to Sherlock). “We really must discuss the kind of company, however little of it, that you keep. Really, Sherlock…” He tsked as if he were a disappointed mother (which he’d never admit he often felt like), “an unregistered Shifter.”
“An anthropologist.” Sherlock corrected.
“Yes. You accused Dr Stapleton of my murder. Yet here I am.”
“That is not my world.” John said firmly, a frosty sheen upon his words.
“Jesus, Sherlock…” John sunk to his knees, hands ghosting over the twisting body beneath the throw, afraid to touch during the process. It didn’t take long to end. Taking great care, John rested his hands down and pulled up the cover to see the shaking ball of fur, it’s long tail curled up around it’s arm with just it’s rump still in the now loose trousers. “Does it hurt?” He asked, hesitating to put his palm to the thick reddish-tan poof covering his detective. The little head, eyes shut tight as if in defiance, shook enough to answer.
THIS CHAPTER HAS BEEN TEMPORARILY REMOVED.
It was a bit awkward, though Sherlock bending to accommodate his flatmate took nothing away from his sweeping gait. He threw open his covers and slowly, carefully, helped John tenderly get in and lift his legs up.
“Well next time I won’t look for the sylph at all, then.” John snarked, moving around the side of the structure while staying out of the light.
“Ah…” Bluebell had flinched when he’d said ‘Baskerville’. "I think until we have some sort of idea how to handle this, you should stop saying suspicious things at least in public, such as the name of my employer or the place she worked..." She huffed, but let it go and continued. “Ok then. John…” Sherlock seemed to be satisfied with that. “Ah, you’re not using John as an in, either because he doesn’t have one or because you don’t have him.” She watched carefully, then nodded. “Yeah. If you had him, he could tell you Shifters can smell one another. So even without being a generational, he could find something. From what K has told me about you two, you’ve become pretty inseparable. They took him, didn’t they?” Sherlock didn’t say anything, but his face darkened. She no longer felt she was being harshly scrutinized. “Yeah…” She sat back in her seat and put her arms on the rests. “I figured. I can’t say there’s much hope of finding him, Mr Holmes. But I will help you. I’m powerless to do anything about the Shifters they’ve taken and kept and killed on my own. But you aren’t. I have one thing I require in exchange, though.”
Sherlock looked at him, lowering his brow. “What are you waiting for?”
A whisper returned his thought, on the breeze.
“This is a gift for the sylphs we are contracted with. Begone.”
“I know it, because that’s what I was thinking when you were taken.”
John took a step.
“Strel.” She answered with a cocky smile. He could see her worry behind it. She must have realized if he had to ask, they hadn’t yet found her sister.
“Maybe.” Sherlock had returned, kneeling behind the Shifter and looking closely at the device.
The whipping wind around them had made conversation hard enough they hadn’t bothered trying, enjoying the ride instead. Besides, by now John knew Sherlock had adapted to having him along enough to tell him if he needed any details for his plan.
The curtain rises.
“Willing to agree with me now? That we’re not prepared yet for tracking down the others.”
“Faas.” The cheery reply was dripping with underlying hate. “
The realization that, after all the flack he’d given Sherlock, John couldn’t remember any of the constellations from primary was undercut by his unvoiced agreement that they could still appreciate the stars. He hadn’t really taken the time to look, properly look, when he’d been outside the city where he could actually see them… since he’d served. Even though this was dangerous in different ways, many he didn’t understand, John felt a lot safer now, here, than he had in the desert.
Home was a concept John had accepted when he’d stopped looking for it elsewhere, somewhere ‘normal’... when he had finally ceased dating any woman who’d have him.
Another huffed laugh, berating himself for being foolish and emotional. “I dunno. You resented me?”
I've plotted out twenty chapters for the next part of this story, Part Two. Twenty seems to have worked here and for the arc of the next bit, it seems like a good bet. Reminder that chapter lengths will be varied in the extreme. Unlikely there will be another 5 part chapter though. Many characters will be recurring! Please let me know in the comments which (other than John and Sherlock, obviously) you liked best, and I'll include more from them in Part Two!
But still, Sherlock felt no closer to finding who took John. Because although Mycroft shared some information, none of it pertained to Shifters. After eliminating all else, Sherlock was convinced that’s where the answers lay. The people who’d taken John knew about Shifters, and it was a likely case it was the very reason he was taken to start off.
“Yes and that… I suppose Sherlock doesn’t have anything going for him. But if he gets the chance to work in your village, I’m certain he would prove he’s helpful. Though I don’t see him worried about the political aspects… he likely noticed immediately, if he didn’t delete it as soon as he learned about the issues here.” Remembering that morning, suddenly, John put down his cup. “What was that, by the way? That flying thing…”
She smiled knowingly at John. Then, something John hadn't noticed peeked out from behind her hair. He hadn’t ever seen a Neighbor at all like the one hanging around behind Andrea’s left shoulder, as if it were shy. It was an ugly thing, skin grey as if overexposed photographs of old had been done in paper mache and stuck all over it, with small black, beaded eyes reminiscent of a goggle-eyed fish. It’s face was oblong and flat, nose wide and short as it sat awkwardly upon it’s face just above the slit that was it’s mouth. It was dressed in rags moldy enough it was growing mushrooms on top of the hood and shoulders. The last thing John noticed about the forlorn looking creature was it’s shepherds crook, which it held close with it’s long spindly fingers, covered with small hair like a spider’s leg. It was hard to look away.
“Mrs Hudson. This is Miss LeCoup.”
“Uh.” John blinked at the almost normal reaction in an especially abnormal situation.
John didn’t allow himself to snap his attention away from the handlers, but they all turned to look at the young Shifter who’d shed in his cage. There wasn’t much room, as the kennel was meant for the forest cat, so Faas knelt.
“Fine. Tell me.”
“Wait, hold up a tick…” John put his hands up and shook his head. “I’m too far out of the loop.”
Sherlock’s heart pounded in his head as he unlatched the shackles, picked the locks, lifted the muzzle carefully… It, too, had a circle carved into the silver. And he wished for the first time in his life he couldn’t read everything so easily…
As Sherlock fastened the second to last button, there was a rush of air and a great whirring as the curtain beside them lifted. Both caught in the blinding brightness of the stage lighting, John had the sense to quickly and stealthily slip his gun into a pocket as he raised the other hand to shield his eyes.
John sat back against the railing. It was definitely preferable to the last case, but this seemed almost too easy.
“Of bloody course not! Nothing was going to! But we’re the ones who have to deal with this.” John fought the urge to get up or throw up his hands. “For chrissakes Mycroft.”
John wrankled, fisting and unfisting his left hand. “Sherlock.” He said, in his commanding, military tone. The irony of their setting was not lost. Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock and Bluebell had a sort of staring contest. Finally, he blinked. “Can I observe?”
John followed his eye line but saw nothing. “Yeah. Let me go ahead, maybe.”
And so it was, hanging in the air and looking rather miffed.
“I came looking for her.” He admitted. Maybe, just maybe… he could talk his way out.
Another would be John’s schedule, which was now to include rising at dawn for a series of workouts designed (by Sherlock) to build his strength and weight back up. Sherlock did not anticipate how that would also change John’s sleep schedule during the ten week program. Unless they were on a case, which quickly derailed any kind of planning, Sherlock spent the seven hours John slept softly practicing with his violin.
Sherlock sighed, but John began coughing harshly.
"Oh John," Harry said, rolling her eyes. "I don't need you to give my dates the talk. I'm not twelve anymore."
"Not quite yet, I think," she said, removing her hand and turning to leave John standing in the middle of the yard, staring after her and trying to breathe.
Sherlock sighed with relief.
“Very interesting indeed,” Sherlock said distractedly. “Wrong, of course, but interesting.”
“But how am I supposed to know which is which?” Sherlock yells. “I’m not a doctor. John should make the decision.”
John grinned back, despite himself, and glanced back down at the file, reading quickly though the information provided.
Sherlock thought.
Let him—next time
"I'm fine," John said, hoping dearly that he was right.
“I’m not…” he stammered, “I’m not very good at… this sort of thing.”
Sherlock's eyes snapped back to him and, to his shame, he could tell that Sherlock could see his exhaustion and pain. He nodded once.
It was dark by the time they reached the flat and John was bone tired. He no longer needed Sherlock’s help getting up the stairs (thank god), but tonight he was actually afraid he might collapse halfway up. When they reached the halfway point, however, it was Sherlock who stopped short.
John stares at the bed, unmoving. He clearly can’t bring himself to get any closer. Whatever is about to happen, it isn’t going to be good.
Sherlock looked mildly uncomfortable and paused.
"Sherlock stop," John's voice was shaky, but stronger than he anticipated.
“As for walking,” the doctor continued, “it is difficult to tell this early on how the nerves will heal and how the bone will heal, but yes, he should be able to walk. He may have some pain though.”
Panicking again, Sherlock checked John’s wrist. Rapid, weak pulse. He pulled John’s eyelids up. Dilated pupils.
John stiffened in his chair.
“Why are there three syringes?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s so good to see you Dr. Watson,” he said, stepping back to examine John. “Looks like you’ve been in a spot of bother.”
“Here,” Sherlock thought about firing blindly into the dark, but then he slid the gun along the ground toward the darkness instead. He couldn’t risk it. Not now.
“Cars,” John whispered. “I think I hear cars. Far off.”
“Well,” Mycroft said slowly, “I’m afraid this isn’t my specialty, brother. You know I don’t get… attached. It seems you have become quite attached to this man. Are you sure that is wise brother?”
"I..." Sherlock stared wide-eyed at Molly, "I didn't know... I didn't realize..."
Sherlock watched John's expression shift from resigned despair to shocked disbelief and, finally, to hope.
John opened his eyes and saw two blurry figures leaving the clinic. He thought he saw the shorter figure hesitate, but before he could be certain, his vision seemed to narrow to a point and then all he saw was black.
“Wrong?” the inspector said in surprise. “But how could you…?”
“Viscosity.”
"Other members, however," Dr. Azarian continued, "believe you may be suffering instead from a compression injury."
Sherlock quickly tied the scarf around John’s shoulder, then, taking his belt off, tied that around the wrapping for extra pressure.
“Liar,” Sherlock said.
“Certainly,” Alec said, standing.
Sherlock looked at Moriarty in confusion. Was he really going to give John a first aid kit? Was it really going to be that simple?
“I would willingly give five hundred,” said the older Mr. Cunningham. He examined the paper. “This is not quite correct, however.”
John closed his eyes again.
“Was it Sebastian?” Lestrade asked stupidly.
"Yeah," Harry sighed. "It's strange. She usually so sweet."
Sherlock had started shaking with rage already.
“Vatican Cameo,” Sherlock murmured sharply as the door to the flat slowly swung open.
“Yes,” the voice laughed. “That’s exactly what I wanted to hear. And how does that make you feel John?”
"Fine," he said. "Come on."
They both rushed toward the building. John was first, pointing his gun in before leaning through the door. Nobody.
“Or something,” Sherlock said.
"I do, usually," Harry said, petting the dog fondly, "but Fluff here has grown on me. She's really sweet."
She smiled, knowing exactly what he was feeling.
Sherlock took a deep breath and began pulling. John held onto him as hard as he could. His bad leg was stretched out behind Sherlock, dragging with every step. He was trying his best to use his good leg to limp along, but he was walking backwards and was having to lean heavily on Sherlock.
“Well then,” he said, pushing himself up, “I suppose we should get some sleep. I don’t suppose you’ll want to search in the dark.”
Lestrade sighed.
After a moment of collecting himself, he glanced up to find Sherlock looking somehow even more stricken. Sherlock's hand had wrapped more tightly around his own.
“John,” Sherlock warned.
But at least he wouldn’t be insured for once. At least he would be physically okay. Emotionally? Not really his area. But he was going to be assaulted by his best friend at the word of a maniac, so he assumed probably bit not good.
"Er, yeah?" John had no idea why Sherlock was reiterating what they had already discussed, but he thought that, if he just didn't interrupt, he would probably get to the point eventually.
“S’lock,” John tried again. “I hv t tll…”
John’s lips responded immediately, parting just slightly to allow Sherlock’s bottom lip to rest between them. Sherlock brought his hand up to rest on John’s face, cupping his cheek gently in his palm. John’s good hand was suddenly in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock let out an involuntary, small moan into John’s mouth. He moved so that he was sitting above John and put his other hand on John’s neck. He could feel John’s pulse under his hand—quickened. His eyes were dilated. His hand gripped Sherlock’s hair more tightly. Sherlock closed his eyes.
“Okay, okay,” Lestrade’s tone turned serious. “What’s going on?”
"Yes," Sherlock looked out at the sea. "The Witch is coming."
"Shot in the dark, but a good one though," Sherlock said, grinning. "The area around the key hole is scratched. The person who turned it had shaky hands. Never see a drunk's watch without those marks."
Lestrade looked blankly at him.
Sherlock burst into the room in which John lay, running as fast as he could manage. It had taken him almost ten minutes to find it and he was trembling with anxiety by the time he reached John.
Sherlock had tried questioning Jacol, but to little effect. The man remained tight lipped and stubbornly silent.
“Yes, that’s me,” Moriarty said cheerily. “I got your little message, Sherlock dear. I’m listening.”
John felt a hand clasp his and, once again, tingles run down his back. He tried not to flinch. Sherlock pulled at their clasped hands and John moved forward.
“John!” Sherlock gently pushed John’s head up with both his hands. It was limp.
"It's fine," he said. "Look, can you give me a minute? I... I need to be alone."
“You can,” John breathed. “And you will. And I’ll help you.”
“It will likely have sustained too much nerve damage to ever work properly again,” John said. “No fixing it this time, I’m afraid.”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade’s voice barely pierced his consciousness. “You need to sit down. You’re freaking people out.”
“Very good soldier,” the voice definitely sounded impressed. “Now, Sherlock, your turn.”
"And?" Sherlock asked, looking closely at him.
“I’m just telling him the truth,” Moriarty says sweetly.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sherlock asked.
"That wasn't just me," he huffed out.
"Harriet Watson," he repeated. "We need to speak with her immediately. We need her to make a medical decision on behalf of Dr. John Watson and we haven't much time. Do you know how we can get in touch with her? We've tried calling."
“Oh!” the voice sounded delighted.
Sebastian hooked his thumbs into Johns pants and began pulling them down.
He was confused. Why did Sherlock look so uncomfortable? He was incredibly lucky not to have injured himself further. But Sherlock refused to meet his eyes and was frowning and shifting his weight.
Sherlock didn't like the look on his face. He was having trouble interpreting it. He was having trouble interpreting everything. His mind was still muddled. Clouded.
“Or friend,” Sherlock corrected.
In amongst the monitors and equipment were a couple of cards, a fluffy teddy bear, and a few flowers. He smiled.
"Here," Sherlock beckoned to John, who moved over and glanced at the floor.
“I need a closer look,” he said desperately.
“John!” Sherlock all but yelled.
“You mean you actually care about him that much?” Lestrade asked finally.
Drop by my tumblr and say hi!
Quickly, Sherlock stood and began helping John stand. He was clearly weak, so Sherlock put a steadying arm around him.
John’s hand twitched again.
“I…” he began, stopping and taking another breath. “I did used to find men attractive. Back when I was a kid, I would find both men and women attractive. I even… I even kissed a few boys before… Well, before I was caught.”
“Can I see him?” Sherlock said.
“You…” John was thinking hard, “You found something at the crime scenes?”
“I have quite a plan indeed.”
“Tell us more,” John’s said, smiling at Sherlock.
What he saw was... nothing. Not blackness or an empty room or a field, but actual nothingness. He had never experienced anything so unnerving. Trembling slightly, he slowly reached his hand out into the nothingness. He felt nothing--not hot or cold or damp or dry. He withdrew his hand and closed the door, deciding he would ask Sherlock about it when he returned.
Scrambling down the remainder of the ladder, Sherlock rushed to the point where John lay, unmoving.
"Hmmm, yes," Sherlock said, looking down at the stack of spells again. "It has to do with how matter works at an elemental level, as well as how elements interact with one another."
“I can’t,” John said, pointing to his leg.
"The Witch of the Wastes, most likely," Sherlock said with a frown.
“Three stories up and down the hall,” a startled nurse said.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have…”
“I…” he turned back toward John, searching his mind for what to say. “I…”
Sherlock ignored the voice again.
"Where?" he asked again over his shoulder as they approached a turn in the alley.
But John was waiting on him. John was alone in a dark tunnel (called a grave, no less) with life-threatening injuries, fighting for his life.
"There was a note," Lestrade ignored Sherlock's jab. "It's for you."
“Nerve gas?” Sherlock repeated, dumbfounded. “What the hell?”
“To bad,” Sebastian said. “I do so enjoy our time together. Watching him in pain is so fun. I was hoping he would return the favor.”
“Put me down,” John growled.
Just as his vision began to darken, he saw a flash of light. He thought perhaps he was seeing things, but then there was another flash and he realized the mermaids had let go of him. He tried to swim, but found he lacked strength even to kick out.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Sorry?” John asked.
“I know,” John said, closing his eyes.
"Yeah," he said, chagrined. "Yeah, that."
“Lestrade,” Sherlock sighed, “are you going to ask questions or help me?”
Sherlock shot a glare in the direction of the voice but backed away a step.
Like its predecessor, the next room, room five, is mostly bare. Inside, John finds a single bed in the center of the room, chains attached to each of the four legs. The bed is simple—little more than a cot really.
Sherlock opened his mouth to try and help John, but Moriarty cut him off.
John took a breath. He held Sherlock’s gaze still.
John raised an eyebrow.
Without hesitation, John looks up and begins entering the numbers. Sherlock is startled by his trust in him and begs the universe to let him be right.
John's brow furrowed. "By the fireplace, where you left it."
“Sherlock, you don’t have to…” John began.
He retrieved the discarded scarf and began applying pressure to John’s shoulder. John moaned slightly, but it was difficult to hear.
John’s entire body was shaking and his breaths were shallow and pained. He had stopped screaming, but was now moaning.
But he was there, standing alone in the middle of a lane shouting at John. But John couldn't hear him over noise of the gunshots and explosions behind him.
“I…” he found he was having a hard time coming up with words now. “I guess. I suppose I have. A bit. Maybe.”
Well then, Sherlock thought, if John’s on board…
John took a deep breath and looked at the camera. His pupils were already pinpoint and his muscles had started twitching.
“Did you feel that, John?” Moriarty called.
“Fine,” Lestrade said, “but I could help you know. If this Moran has a criminal record, I might be able to find him.”
“No!” he yelled. “No, I need time. Give me time!”
“What are the stakes,” Sherlock asked, knowing the answer already.
“Oh, nice job Sherlock,” the voice said. “But I’m afraid Dr. Watson isn’t looking too good right now.”
"I saw my uncle with a woman just a couple of weeks before he was killed," Bryan said. "She was red headed and thin and tall. I only saw them together at night."
Taking a deep breath, John backed up and ran, not allowing himself to think as he leaped off the roof toward the next building. He landed with a soft thud and a thrill of adrenaline. Glancing behind him at the gap in the buildings, he saw a shadow moving along the other roof.
"This is important," Lestrade pleaded.
John giggled... actually giggled. He couldn't even remember the last time he had done that.
“No,” John gave her a withering look. “I need to speak to the doctor.”
“No,” Sherlock sighed, “we can’t.”
He began CPR, flowing through the movements as though they were second nature to him (they were). He pressed on John’s chest, wincing as he felt a couple of broken ribs moving beneath his hands and careful not to puncture his lung with them.
"Not seriously," she said, a slight tilt to her mouth. "I have been talking to somebody recently though. She should be coming by today. You can meet her too!"
John pulled the lid open.
He moved to John’s mouth and, for the second time that endless night, placed his lips upon John’s. He tried not to think about how it made him feel as he blew air into John’s chest. He placed a hand on John’s chest and was relieved to feel John’s chest rise and fall with his breaths.
A seemingly endless period passed in which nothing happened and neither man moved or spoke. John was barely even breathing. Then, so suddenly that John nearly stumbled backward, something appeared.
Sherlock didn’t bother responding. He rushed into the room to find John awake, staring at the ceiling. He was clearly in pain and Sherlock cursed that damned doctor, whose bedside manner was about as good as Sherlock’s.
He knew that wasn't fair, but he wasn't thinking clearly. His chest hurt with every breath and his head pounded as though his very thoughts ached.
John stared at him. "Ready for wha..."
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Mycroft has him safely in custody.”
“Of course,” the Colonel replied. “When Mr. Holmes here called and told me you two were looking to get away, I jumped on the opportunity. It’s been too long Dr. Watson.”
John looked disoriented, but he nodded slightly and turned his head to look up at the syringes. Sherlock watches as John thinks. He clearly knows which syringes to use, but how can he tell Sherlock with just one word. He could indicate the poison, but he wouldn’t be able to tell Sherlock that’s what he was doing. He could just as easily indicate one of the antidotes. Sherlock would have no idea. Even Sherlock had no idea what word John should use. Again, he just had to watch and trust John.
There was a moment of confusion, during which Alec and the elderly Mr. Cunningham slipped away as well, muttering something about finding him.
“I know,” Sherlock said. “I will.”
They were sitting in the back of a carriage, rattling along the wide streets of Kingsbury toward the latest crime scene. John's attention had been caught, initially, by the rather grandiose city outside his window. It was even more extravagant than his brief glance had hinted.
John, his eyes still closed, breathed a yes.
When he reached the pile, he found Sherlock tugging a large mirror out of the bag. John stared.
"Yes," he said, matter-of-factly.
“I’m afraid so,” Sherlock’s mind was racing.
“What was that?” Sherlock asked gently.
Lestrade stared at him for a beat, then threw his hands down by his side.
"I don't know, mate," Lestrade glanced over at the kitchen, from which soft bangs were now emanating. "I've got a feeling he might just listen to you."
Would you be interested in a sequel? It would go through the aftermath of the ordeal, John's recovery, and the hunt for Sebastian. Let me know with a comment if you're interested.
Sherlock hadn’t left the hospital since he’d arrived. Lestrade had urged him to go to a hotel, get a night’s sleep and a shower. But Sherlock had refused. John was in and out of consciousness and he didn’t want John to wake up alone, even for a moment.
He watched as John sank down to the floor and opened the kit, pulling out various items one by one. There are bandages, gauze, disinfectant (thank god—who knows how dirty that wire was), and finally a needle with a spool of what looked like thread.
“No,” Sherlock said. “They don’t know what happened to him and I don’t want them to.”
Even from where he was sitting, John could see Sherlock's back straighten. He seemed to fill with energy, radiating out from his entire body.
“I know,” John said, “but there’s no other way. Look, the faster you start, the faster this will be over with. This is round nine. All we have left is one truth. We can do this. I trust you.”
Then, alarmingly, John stopped moving completely. His body lay still, his eyes rolled back in his head, and he went limp.
“Well then…” he said, “in the name of decency and because you were such a good sport about it, I suppose I’ll give you two that break now.”
“Hmm,” she murmured. “Well, it sounds like PTSD. What’s triggering this reaction?”
John had spent much of his time while recuperating teasing Sherlock about the restorative powers of his kiss. It had taken Sherlock an amusingly long time to realize John was kidding, which did serve as a source of amusement for a while. But, as much as he joked about his fairy tale prince coming to his rescue, his leg had only regained moderate sensation and motor function. And, though it appeared to improve over time and with much effort, he would never regain full function in the limb, however many times Sherlock kissed him. Thus, although his the bone and tissue damage had healed, John still struggle with range of motion and holding weight on his right leg, which made walking difficult.
He glanced back over Sherlock's shoulder.
And with that, he hung up the phone.
“If they can save it,” John started.
“Of course,” Sherlock said happily. “As soon as we reach the top.”
“Out of your depth?” John’s voice cut through his concentration.
By the time Sherlock was able to touch him, John was beginning to lose consciousness. The nurse had returned, but Sherlock snapped at her to stay back. He didn't think John would recognize that another person was helping at this point, but he didn't want to risk it.
Five minutes remained on the clock, steadily ticking away.
"What am I doing here?" John asked.
Silence.
“This turn will be very simple, Sherlock,” Moriarty said, turning to face Sherlock. “All you have to do is make a decision about what happens next. An easy one too.”
“I said no,” Sherlock said. “But you’re going to have to wait here for me.”
“I’m bored,” Sherlock said, moving back into the room with John. “I need to go out. You’re coming with me.”
to get in the way ever again.”
Sherlock paused, thinking hard. He was playing two games—truth or dare and chess. He had to calculate his next move wisely.
“Truth or dare?”
“John,” Sherlock began.
“Brother,” Mycroft said, “I don’t think that is a good idea?”
"I'm sorry," Sherlock looked startled as well, having backed a few stepped from the bed and raised his hands.
Sherlock closed his eyes and put his head in his hands.
“You mean Grime’s Graves?” John answered, much to Sherlock’s surprise.
John winced, but because of his limp, he couldn’t ease his foot down. He had to put all of his weight directly on the foot the minute it contacted the ground. Sherlock heard the glass grind against itself and wanted to throw up. He watched as John took another step, leaving behind a bloody footprint.
“I told you,” Sherlock said. “I was bored.”
“I was 17, he was 23,” Sherlock began. “He was my first… my only…”
“What do you want with us?” Sherlock asks Moriarty.
"Second, there is a real chance that the intervention could cause further damage to your spinal cord, rather than restoring function. Any surgical intervention on the spinal region comes with high risk for complications and this would be particularly risky, given the nature of the injury."
“Here you go boys,” Lestrade said chirpily as he parked his car in front of 221B. “Let me help you.”
"Yes dear," the fire replied. "I'm bound to this house because of that contract. I want you to break it."
“Yes,” John said, closing his eyes.
“It isn’t over yet, Mr. Holmes,” a small voice called from somewhere to his left.
This bed must remind John… it must be very similar to the bed on which Sebastian…
“Oh good,” Scarecrow said. “I was hoping you would say that.”
Sherlock closed his eyes.
Molly looked a little flattered and something else. Jealous?
But smaller was used to being the one in authority. He frowned down at what Sherlock now recognized as John's chart.
Even through the medicated fog of drugs, John knew where Sherlock's sentence ended. His mind screamed with the competing urges to reach down and feel for the leg he knew was no longer there and to never look down again.
John and Sherlock both tensed. The killer…
John opened his mouth and shut it again. He didn't know what to say. Vaguely, he realized that Sherlock was talking to him, but he could only manage to focus enough to catch snippets of what he was saying.
“Is he hurt?” she asked.
"Of course, deary," Mrs. Hudson flared high up in the fireplace and John felts a small lurch, but he didn't dare open the door to look out.
Molly frowned. "But, why?"
John felt cool air on his arm and opened his eyes. He found himself a few steps behind Sherlock in a strange city with houses and buildings unlike any John had ever seen.
The door shut firmly behind John, who stood at the edge of the field of glass. Suddenly, John flinched, though Sherlock could not see what had caused it.
Sherlock hesitated, but then growled in frustration and ran back to John, who tucked his cane into his trousers and moved to the unconscious man.
John stared at the door for a moment before sighing and turning back to the fire.
Sherlock moaned again and John glanced over and found, much to his shock, that he had begun emitting some sort of green slime.
"Fine," Dr. Ramar said, his voice and demeanor calm as he leaned back in his chair, "then you will likely save Dr. Watson's leg, though I cannot guarantee it will be functional. And you will also likely sign his death certificate."
"But that..." he stammered, "that's treatable, right?"
"Kingbury door," Mrs. Hudson said.
“It was… It didn’t…” he growled in frustration. “I didn’t last long. It was just… a fling.”
“And who…?” the inspector began.
“Okay,” Sherlock moved around to John’s head. “You’ll have to sit up now.”
Sebastian’s eyes widened.
"How did you know about Zanzib?" he asked finally.
Sherlock simply looked unconcerned.
The voice went silent and Sherlock could hear footsteps retreating down the tunnel. He stood facing the darkness, John behind him. He didn’t want to turn around. To see John’s expression. To face him.
Several hours pass, during which Sherlock carefully examines each room John was forced to move through. As the work through the rooms, Lestrade becomes more and more appalled. Hearing what happened to John is one thing, but actually seeing the evidence of it—seeing John’s blood trailing over five different rooms—hit him differently.
"Hi, I'm Richard. How can I help you," he asked, eyeing Sherlock rather closely.
"No, let me finish," John cut in. "I guess I've been acting a bit of an ass. Sorry. I thought someone like you couldn't possibly want someone like me around if I couldn't be useful. And it really bothered me because... well, because I really want to be around you, Sherlock. I don't know what that makes me. I do like women, but... but I don't care. After Afghanistan... before you came, my life was nothing. And then you came and everything change and I had hope. I don't ever want to lose you. So...er...I guess...er..."
Your comments mean the world to me! Thank you guys so much <3
Hello! It's been a minute! I'm glad to be back, and I hope you like the chapter! <3
The tremor had spread to his voice, but it was still there, leaving silence in it’s haunting wake. A part of him wanted to sob, to break down there, show the pain he was feeling, just for once, just for one night - to wrap his arms around John, hold onto that burgundy jumper and not let go until John knew how infinitely much he needed him, how much he feared he’d lose him, how much he adored every ounce of care and affection and smile he’d ever received, ever been blessed to experience.
“Yes. Yes, John.”
The 'natural advantages' quote is a reference to one from 'The Retired Colourman' (he's basically calling Watson irresistible... if that wasn't obvious): https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/d/doyle/arthur_conan/d75ca/chapter12.html ("With your natural advantages, Watson, every lady is your helper and accomplice.")
This chapter was super short, and I'm sorry! I've been busy with school and family; but this had to be written, and I hope it slightly makes up for my absence! <3
(Also - I am thinking about reworking the beginning chapters. I've been working on this for over a year now! Can you believe it? My writing has changed so much. I can't even look at the beginning of this fic without cringing.)
(See the end of the chapter for
End! Finally - only took me an eternity!
As always, feedback is greatly appreciated.
For what felt like an eternity, Sherlock had seen his reflection in lost eyes, blurred from suffocation and bloodshot, but now, standing in his kingdom, he saw everything that made him himself; lost, naturally, without the light of life.
John living back at home meant cases could continue to be investigated throughout the day, leading to late nights and lots of takeaway. Until John started to cook.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
The next chapter will... speed things up!
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“No - no, I was scraped by a bullet. That’s all,” the doctor’s voice was steady, radiating calmness, affection. Sherlock’s heart stammered, remembering the blood and panic. “But there was something else. Something I saw,” John continued, leaning up to press a gentle, fluttering kiss on the detective’s jaw, “Your eyes - they said something to me. Something I’ve wanted to say to you, for so,
Sherlock didn’t wake for the front door opening, but did for the steps on the stairs - slow, cautious, but still full of exhaustion. The detective got to his feet, fiddling briefly with his hair to hide how he’d been running his fingers through it, and focused on his microscope, adjusting the slide idly. His back ached with the arched stance, and he realised he’d fallen asleep on the kitchen floor, back flat against the wooden cabinets and sore coccyx pressed to the tile.
“Good?” The doctor murmured against his hair.
“A scratch, love, it’s just a scratch -” John’s hands were on him, holding the knife steady, rosy with John’s blood, stroking his shoulder, neck, hair.
“I love you,” the words were out of his mouth before he could stop them, and panic flooded his veins, prickling beneath John’s stilled touches.
In this chapter, Sharon Price is played by Lonewarg
Mycroft                 I take the seat across from John. "Your daughter’s current living arrangement has been terminated... apparently, Mary's cousin is unwilling to care for the girl without significant financial compensation, which we are unable to provide. Her cousin has agreed to grant you full custody, post haste." I wait a moment to allow him to absorb that information. "How would you like to proceed? You will be able to travel within a few days, and can retrieve her yourself, or I can have someone bring her to you here in London. We have no idea what information she has regarding you, so might I suggest an initial meeting with her, alone" - I glance at Sherlock - "and on neutral ground?"
awesome. Is it a body part?! I like your skull.
Seb                        "We can listen to when they have meetings, when they plan their next move and can then plan when we strike!" I beamed with the idea and thought it was just so simple with us working together. I downed my glass, now wanting to celebrate in a different way.
Sherlock               My look turns openly hostile as soon as my eyes fall on Mycroft, shifting as if to shield him
Greg                             I simply rubbed her back as she sobbed into me and I held mine back where I was a more private person with emotions. I knew Mycroft would be noted of this soon with his driver still up the road, stuck there by police and I then heard the paramedics call the time of death on Mrs. Price. It was heart shattering.
Sally                            "Yeah and then they did a DNA test. It was someone from the school that she works at, someone who she'd been shagging for nearly 6 months. Lestrade was an idiot not to spot it. But enough about him, I would see where Rosie is with those puppies. Make sure she's not trying to smuggle one home. "I smirked playfully as I left him to wander back to my desk.
Mycroft                 "Don't do it again." I warned him. I did not specify exactly what he was not to do it again, as I disliked him using his gift on me, almost as much as being touched uninvited.
Eurus                         I scream, bringing my free hand up and trying to claw at Mycroft's face weakly, attempting to kick and push him away, before my eyes roll back, going limp and tumbling to the floor like a ragdoll.
come home. now.
Mycroft                       I fold my hands in front of me. "I assume he is a meta, as well, though we can find no record of him... apparently unregistered. Do you have any information that might help us locate him? Or Moran?"
Sherlock               My eyes travel down to where my brother fiddles with his gloves, a habit he has had all his life that I was aware of. Pressing my lips tightly together, I allow John to take the lead for once, just staying near him, one hand on his arm
Eurus                         "You're lying Mycie." I snap, but something in me seems to be slipping, the hand holding the knife shifting, then pulling away a little, not resisting the touch of Lestrade as I glare at Mycroft, "You're just trying to say anything to save your beautiful DI."
Greg                            "And we are doing everything to keep him safe, Sherlock. I realise that but if they've got people out on the streets, around us watching then we have to make ourselves look dumb... Like we don't have a bloody clue that they're linked or how, even where they are. " I whispered harshly back and poked his shoulder.
Sherlock                     My mug rattles a little as I put it down on a coaster on the table, before leaning back and steepling my fingers, "He was attempting to keep you safe. He's very aware of the danger you're in and, much like I have shut John away in Baker street, has shut his heart away once more where he believes it can't get hurt."
it's hardly anything to be happy over yet, just wait for your brother to get there. GL
Greg                            "Hello you." I smiled at him slowly getting dressed, frowning at doctors that were waiting outside his room to obviously speak to me. I’m guessing a little 'chat' had gone on at some point.
Moriarty                   "Hmm... No. I don't think even you believe that." I take his hand and grab tightly before he can jerk it away. "Come on now. Time to go back to your rooms. I have things to do, people to kill, a world to over-run."
Sherlock                     "It will only be a harmless little meeting John." I try to give him one of my wide, sunny smiles, even as I'm getting up from my chair. "We will go to the yard, Rose Marie will distract Sally while I gain entry to Lestrade's office and collect what he wants from there. Then, she can help me lay down the trap for Moriarty more."
Sherlock                   My hand clenches in thin air, my voice distant and faint, "Why? He was a genius. He could have changed things."
Greg                             "Get onto your back then, Mr. Holmes." I said, trying to put on a sultry voice but it sounded more like my voice was sore. I pushed his legs apart with my knees when he did and took the scene of Mycroft naked in front of me for a second before squirting a circle of lube onto my fingers. I dumped the bottle beside me, spreading it with my other hand.
Sherlock                     My lips purse, glancing around and shaking my head, grunting, "Not here. We'll talk when we get to 221B."
Greg                             "That’s always a good place to start." I say as if I'd been listening to his whole conversation and take my mug of tea, opting for the sofa for whatever he wants to talk to me about.
Sherlock                   That question makes me hesitate, then shake my head, "No. I do however often replay real events here."
Greg                             "I’m not trying to shut you out and I don’t appreciate you making me look like the bad guy arresting Sherlock yesterday. If you'd seen how cold Mycroft was at the Yard, I’m sure you'd be biting his head off... we're all stressed and tired from this Seb and Moriarty shit and you've got to get your head out of your own arse to man up to what's going on." I growled back and wasn't one to be intimidated. I really hoped Mycroft wasn’t going to be much longer.
Mycroft                 "What have you uncovered?"
Greg                             "I know, I'm sorry." I whispered as I used my good shoulder to reach behind me to run my fingers through his hair. I looked up at him when he removed his arms from around my neck and spun the chair around, so I was now facing him.
Rosie                          "Honey’s lots better. There's plenty around here. I could get you some if you want." I blurt out my offer before I have time to realize no one's supposed to know I can share feels with bees.
Greg                             I manage to catch my breath back and only winced a small bit when Mycroft pulled out of me, him wiping us with a flannel he'd found in my bathroom while I stripped the pillow cases to leave them on the floor until morning. I rolled my eyes when I continued hearing banging from next door, it seeming to amuse Mycroft.
Greg                             I tilt my head back where we had the fire lit, it sounding like one of those old fashioned romance novels where they make beautiful love in front of the fire to keep warm. I loved the feeling of the rug on my body though but wanted to feel his hands all over me. Even if he did have to put on a thin pair of gloves so he wouldn't get overwhelmed.
Mycroft                     A young officer rushes up to us, carrying something in his hand. "Detective Inspector, the lead tech said I should give this to you right away." he said, handing Greg a nondescript cell phone.
Seb                        I moan into my arm as he starts massaging my shoulders, them tight where I'd been working so tirelessly with John and Mary before deceiving them. I kept my hips still but loved the love bites he was leaving all over me.
Sherlock                   My face falls, clutching the bee, "Oh."
Greg                             "Sure. I just need to go check on Mrs. Price and then grab a few things from my flat.  I shouldn’t be too long and I'm sure John will be glad to get me out of here for an hour." I sat up a little, stretching my arms up that made me look like a cat waking up from a nap.
Mycroft                       I pull Greg onto his back, my hand on his chest as I kiss him. "Shall I stay?" I ask quietly, looking into his soft brown eyes.
Sherlock                   I stare at John, eyes racking over him. "It… worked." My eyes light up, bouncing on the spot, "It worked! We're inside my mind palace, inside a dream"
Mycroft                     "That... was a mistake. One that I will not repeat." I say quietly, unable to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Greg                             "You are… beautifully filthy..." I said breathlessly as I finally looked down at him and my body felt like jelly with how he'd sucked me off. I pulled up my trousers to do them up, catching him in a kiss to then whisper in his ear where we are both quite close to where ever the microphones or cameras are. "When we get back to your flat, I want you to shove that gorgeous cock in my arse. Hard. And cum in my arse. Right?"
Sherlock                     "You John." I answer in a little surprise, "Weren't you listening?"
Mycroft                     I watch as he drives away, then quietly walk to my own car and head home. Time for a nice quiet evening, with my brandy, my book, and my aquarium.
Mrs. Price                  "Hello Boys... good evening, was it?" I smirked as I saw them both appearing looking as right as rain and I'd never known Gregory to bring men home. I'd mainly seen him take women on dates, it never resulting in what I heard last night.
He tells me I'm being over dramatic. He says I should be happy for you both. -SH
John                             “Sherlock went with them to the hospital. He said he might bring you a surprise when he comes back.”
Greg                            My mouth and throat feel horribly dry as I start to come ‘round and I blinked harshly at the bright lights. All I remember is John telling me that help was on the way, it now being that I was in a white room and I then recognised Mycroft's outline.
John                             “That may have been preferable actually. Then I wouldn’t have to watch you all go in and out with me trapped here. And then last night.... Sherlock was gone for hours... you weren’t supposed to arrest him. That wasn’t part of the plan. You made him miss his check in time.”
John                            I turn towards him, taking both his hands now. “I know. We can do this. I’ll come find you. We have to be strong just a bit longer. Can you do that?”
Mycroft                     A shiver runs through me as my cock springs free. I look up at him, seeing the uncertainty on his face. "What's wrong?" I ask, rather breathlessly.
Sherlock                   My eyes flicker suspiciously around, waiting for maybe a poisoned dart, or maybe a drugged cup of tea, before starting to follow Moriarty with a docile, passive slant to my shoulders, "Walk? Walk where?"
Sally                            "... I don't have a power." I muttered and swiftly moved on to showing her crime scene photos, seeing the same look in her eyes that Sherlock often has at crime scenes that he actually finds interesting. It was amazing and terrifying at the same time.
John                            I smile, blushing a bit. “He does. But we’ve worked past that, I think.”
Oliver                         "I was home alone having a lie in and doing nothing in general. I went to the corner shop, little place really… don't know if they can remember I was there.  It is the only shop for a few blocks, so it’s crowded most of the time. But they have an amazing selection of veggies..." I have to stop talking like this… just answer the question with as few words as possible.
Rosie                           "So it's kinda like playing pretend? What are we pretending?"
Mycroft                     "I... will try. It's difficult for me, though. I've spent so long avoiding it..."
Greg                            "Hey, you don't make decisions for me here. I am perfectly fine to go in with John to clear the room." I push past both of the brothers, holding my gun expertly and when the cook had opened the lock, I was the first to kick it open and shoot two guards down that hadn't even had time to look up from their guns to even attempt to shoot us. John got the third that had come out of the bathroom.
Mycroft                     Once we reach the shore, John and I pull the raft into a small alcove on the beach, partially hidden from view. We creep underneath a pathway built against the rocks, where guards are supposed to be stationed. Luckily, in the dark, we're not easy to see. I nod toward the end of the pathway, where there is a door, currently unattended.
Separately, tuneless and broken.
Moriarty               "My perfect, perfect pet." I start unbuttoning his shirt and move aside the dog tag he still wears, the other one is around my neck. How fishys do love their sentiment.
Greg                            I made an offt noise as he pulled me away from the door and hoped the men outside just thought this was a normal business meeting. I was pushed up against the wall next to the window, my lips being attacked viciously as our hips ground together. It was exhilarating doing this in his office.
Seb                              "I did. Apparently he was somewhere else and not at work but it got delivered anyhow. Special delivery." I beamed as we sat down in the control room and my eyes glanced across the screens surveying everybody.
Greg                            "Yeah. But we do still need to talk." I said quietly, holding onto him where he tried to move away, and I would happily face this head on with him if he needed the support.
Mycroft                     I get John and Greg situated in the back of the Mercedes, and started the engine, driving directly back to my flat, ignoring several traffic laws in the process. Once we arrive, I walk in, settling on the sofa. "So... now what? Do you think you can reach out to Sherlock, John?"
Mycroft                     I return to the guest room, having changed into my own pajamas, carrying a tray of tea and biscuits. Setting the tray on the vanity, I hand him a cup of tea. "Drink up. We're getting the outside of you warmed up... time to start on the inside."
Sherlock               "I.... was actually hoping you'd be able to tell me." My fingers drop the ice onto his bare neck, then I dive after it, trying to catch it before it can slither towards the extensive bandages around his shoulder and chest
Mycroft                       "Have you been in touch with Sherlock and John yet? Given them a list of things you need nicked from the office?"
Greg                            "Yup, I was thinking about him coming home tomorrow morning so I can keep my eye on him." I muttered as I accepted the beer gratefully, ruffling my hair where I was just a mess.
Sherlock                     Finally I reach the roof of one of the more hidden drug dens, sighing and sitting on it a moment. Teleporting across the city has weakened me, making my head droop a little, along with the emotional vulnerability I feel. I wonder how long it will take before Sally gets wind and tells Moriarty of my escape. Suddenly my phone beeps. Pulling it out, I expect a text from my brother, so am surprised to see the message so soon from Moriarty. Slowly I text back:
John                            After being unceremoniously removed from the desk chair, so Sherlock could set up things on the laptop quicker, I head back to the kitchen for tea. “Oh hello, Mycroft. I didn’t notice you came in.”
Sharon Price          My grip on him doesn't seem to be letting go anytime soon, "Are… are you going to stay with her now? That might be hard with how new you said things are."
Mycroft                     "Of course, it's just... after that... most people want to be as far away from me as possible." I slip my coat on, stuffing my hands into my pockets, wishing for all the world that I had my gloves back on.
John                            “Oh, yeah. Sure.” I lead him into the sitting room where Rosie and Sherlock are still in huddled in front of the laptop.
Moriarty                   "It’s true. They did. They didn't even have the good grace to keep Rose Marie. They spawned her off to that assistant of his." People think I don't know who and what Anthea is but I'm not clueless. "As long as she's there we should just leave her be. Once you're all set up and comfy you and I will go get her." I pull him back from the edge of the trail we're on. "Be careful. Once false step and ... ... BOOM no more Locky, no more me, no more island."
And Sherlock had tried to shout and push his way into the ambulance with him and had been bullied out by several large men and his own very foggy and aching head. And then Lestrade had been there, ushering him into his car, saying something about a concussion and getting him to the hospital. Sherlock had agreed enthusiastically with that, though for entirely different reasons.
“I…” John finally got his let under him and put weight on it, wincing. “I think I sprained my other ankle. It’s not a big deal. I can still put weight on it.”
"J..just now. When you got up," he said shakily. "You put your hand on m...my bad leg. When you were pushing yourself up."
“John,” Sherlock hissed, “leave. Now!”
John pulled his attention to Sherlock with a great effort. He felt dizzy and confused. He was breathing hard and his chest felt tight.
"And he isn't the only one either," Bryan said quickly. "There have been at least three others who have died the same way and nobody had figure out who killed them either."
"I said he's with me," Sherlock said, brushing past Lestrade and motioning for John to follow.
Sighing, Lestrade followed.
After an eternity, during which Sherlock became more and more panicked, John coughed. With intense relief, Sherlock gently pulled John onto his side, allowing him to more easily cough up anything in his lungs. After a moment, John stopped coughing and began, blessedly, breathing on his own. Taking long, deep breaths.
Then, before Sherlock had the chance to process what he’d just heard, a shot rang out, ricocheting off of the ladder inches above Sherlock’s head.
“It’s over,” Sherlock continued. “I know who you are. We’ve found your hideout. Just make it easier on everyone and come out.”
“And you?” Lestrade asked suspiciously. “Where will you be?”
“So, he’s a coward then?” Sherlock antagonized.
Sherlock sighed. He explained to John which corner of the room to approach and John obediently (and painfully) pushed himself up from the floor and moved to that corner. Sherlock indicated the two metal boxes. John nodded.
Suddenly, John froze. His breath caught in his throat, his eyes flew open, staring at the ceiling, and his pulse raced. Sherlock removed his hand immediately, pushing himself carefully off John and examining him.
“I see Sebastian here still has an effect on John,” Moriarty put a hand on John’s head, petting him like a dog. “Why’s that John? Did Seb do something dirty to you?” he leaned in closer to John’s ear and whispered, “did you secretly like it?”
And with that, John began moving forward again. Slowly, but steadily. The nurse, surprise still evident on her face, turned to Sherlock, who raised an eyebrow at her. She paused a moment, then scuttled off.
So much blood.
He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and looked John in the eyes.
“Give it to me,” Sherlock said sweetly, “or I’ll get it myself. You know which option is messier.”
He shouldn’t have thought that.
"Those risks you're so quick to damn are your life, John!" Sherlock spat back, his voice rising with him as he rose from the chair. "Why do you always find that so easy to throw away?"
“Shut up,” Sherlock spits at him.
, Sherlock thought. He should have known better. This was his fault. He needed to get John home.
"John, you once described me as spectacularly ignorant, and I must now admit that description to be entirely accurate. I did not realized the full extent of my feelings toward you until you were almost lost to me. And once I did realize, I planned never to tell you. But then I almost lost you again and now I see that you must know, whatever the effect on our relationship. So, John, please hear me when I tell you in no uncertain terms that I want to be by your side now and always."
"But you don't even..." Lestrade began.
"Right," he said, making his way slowly forward again and trying to calculate the distance to the next village.
As illogical as it was, he felt as though telling Dr. Azarian were just as bad as signing the consent to amputate John's leg.
"You don't have to stay," he whispered quickly, trying to pull his hand back, but Sherlock just held it tighter. Why was Sherlock holding it? Out of pity? Was he so pitiful now that Sherlock thought he needed his hand to be held like a child's?
“Well,” Alec turned to Sherlock and John, who had finally reached the door, “very nice meeting you both.”
“Sherlock,” Sebastian smiles. “Where’s your
“You’ve made the right choice, Sherlock,” Moriarty said, laughing. “Wouldn’t want to let Sebastian hurt John.”
He finished and closed his eyes. John stared at him, numb with shock and disbelief.
His eyes shot open to find a blurry face pressed against him. When it moved back, he saw Sherlock, staring at him wide eyed. John realized he had just breathed into him and began to panic all over again. They needed to get to the surface quickly or they would both pass out and drown now.
“Stop,” Sherlock said quietly.
"I'm sure one will turn up soon," John said, settling into his own chair.
“That caused quite a bit of damage on top of the two gunshot wounds on top of the scar tissue from a previous gunshot wound. I doubt he’ll have use of that arm at all,” the doctor said.
"Molly," Sherlock said, gesturing for her to enter. "Good. Have you got the results?"
“And what about that leg?” the voice asked gleefully.
“I’m going to kill you slowly,” Sherlock grunts at Moriarty. “Both of you. When I’m done with you, you’ll beg me for death.”
“Just the man I wanted to see,” Sherlock exclaimed.
After what seemed an eternity of Sherlock's relentless restless energy and a lack of anything to siphon it off on, John returned home from the market one day to find Sherlock slumped in his chair surrounded by ominous shadows. Mrs. Hudson was flickering in distress beside him.
“You see you begin: ‘Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday morning, an attempt was made’ - and so on. It was at a quarter to twelve, as a matter of fact.”
"A ghost?" John and Molly both asked simultaneously.
As soon as they arrived at 221B, Sherlock escorted John to his bed. He made sure to leave a light on and sat on the bed next to John. He had tried to help and had just made things worse. What was he going to do?
Sherlock looks at the screen.
"I don't do that sort of thing," he said finally.
Instead, he picked up the pen. He didn't need his mind palace or advice to know the logical choice to make. He had the advice of doctors who specialized in the care of John's specific injury. He knew what decision he had to make.
"There is no point in speculating" Dr. Azarian was rubbing his temples again. "I'll bring in a specialist to perform an assessment. I'll speak to him when he wakes..."
"Why won't Sherlock help?" John asked.
As they began to remove the rubble, Sherlock strained to see as much of John as he could--to assess the damage.Now that the initial shock had somewhat subsided, Sherlock could see that some of what he had initially assumed to be blood was actually rust coloured dirt, which seemed to cover every inch of him.
“You know, for protecting me,” John says. “For making the right decision.”
John raised an eyebrow, wondering why Sherlock would ask such an obvious question. But he was so worked up that John didn't question. Instead, he moved carefully around Sherlock to the fireplace and picked up the spell from amongst his notes. He had hardly touched it when Sherlock snatched it from his hands. His brow furrowed as he read.
This lunatic was intent on making Sherlock suffer for some unknown reason. Sherlock knew that whatever dare he planned to give Sherlock next would be aimed at John again. Whoever he was, this Scarecrow was smart. Smart enough to realize that Sherlock’s weak spot was John.
John found Sherlock surrounded by strange looking vials, some of which seemed to be smoking. He sighed, thinking of the mess he would soon have to clean and hoping Sherlock didn't destroy the house before he had the chance.
"He's my colleague, Sally" Sherlock called.
“I don’t know,” he whispered. “But to be honest, I think the evidence rather points that way.”
like a God.
“One night…” John stopped, breathed, and continued. “One night I witnessed… I saw Seb doing some… Well, some not good things to some civilians. He saw me. When we got back to camp, he caught me before I could get to our superiors.”
Sherlock smiled.
"Did she touch you?" Sherlock asked, a bit frantically.
Sherlock hesitated, staring at the ground.
. The compounds from the curare plant--toxiferines--cause neuromuscular paralysis, but the human body converts succinylcholine to potassium. The victims would have been paralyzed and died of a heart attack, but the only sign would be a slight elevation in potassium."
Sherlock smiled, leaning back to examine John’s face.
John stared around, eyes wide, trying to interpret what he was seeing.
“Dare,” John responded.
And with a shudder that went through his entire body, Sherlock moved the knife to his left hand, and pushed the fingers of his right hand into the wound.
“You’ll like this one,” Moriarty said, stepping in front of Sherlock. “It’s a bit of a present for you, actually. For making it this far in the game. For playing along so well.”
CW/TW: Mention of noncon in this chapter. Nothing graphic though.
Sherlock was left staring at the hole, waiting for John to emerge, and thinking about 'he's alive' and about what Lestrade's unvoiced 'but' could mean.
“I have a couple of things to do,” Sherlock mumbled, grabbing his coat.
“I’m getting bored,” the voice complained.
That day had been the last straw. Angry with his fate and determined to change his future, John had enlisted in the war as a healer. He was determined to make something of himself and to show his father that their family was not destined to failure.
John stirs on the floor.
“Rule one,” the voice replied, “is that you have to throw your gun toward me.”
Molly Hooper entered the lab to find Sherlock staring at a microscope. She stopped short.
"Nothing," John said, blinking as he focused on Sherlock, a smile breaking across his face. "Nothing. It's just... I'm glad to be home, is all."
“It’s been six months today,” he says. “Since the warehouse, I mean.”
"We would just like to examine the body," John said, trying to diffuse the situation. "What can it hurt to have another set of eyes on the case."
He closed his eyes, trying to figure out where to begin. Should he think about what his recovery process would likely look like? Or why he was feeling so resentful toward Sherlock? Or how his hearing loss might affect their cases? Or his leg? Or...
As soon as he had gone deep enough, Sherlock took the other item next to him. He had already taken the pen apart, leaving a small tube. Sherlock, praying the pen tube did not cause an infection, pushed the tube into John’s chest.
Sherlock insists on riding with John in the ambulance. John somehow maintains consciousness the entire time the paramedics spend working on him and loading him in the ambulance. He is given morphine almost immediately, which seems to help a little. At least it prevents his shock from getting worse.
“I’m not,” he said finally. “I’m not interested in men. Just in you.”
“I’ll untie you and let you leave. John too.” Moriarty says.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, stopping to look at John. “And he knows exactly how to do that now.”
"Yes," Amelia looked up at him, her eyes bright. "This is my home. It's where we lived together. I could never leave that."
"Did you try to catch a falling star?" he asked, his voice soft, but dangerous.
Sherlock closed his eyes, placing his hand on John’s face.
The wounds really weren't bad. The deepest might have done well with stitches, but it would be fine without them and John wasn't keen on trying to stitch with one hand. Though, being left handed made it awkward working with his right hand, he managed his left side quickly and easily enough. When he began on his right side, however, he found that he could only reach the furthest cuts with both pain and difficulty due to his shoulder. He was struggling to even clean the wounds, much less dress them.
“Oh?” the voice startled Sherlock. “Is that all? Really?”
The ordeal of removing John from the rubble, placing him on a stretcher, and pulling him to the surface had taken an excruciatingly long time. Sherlock had watched from the edge of the hole as the rescue workers painstakingly removed heavy beams from John's body, careful not to dislodge debris or move his body and cause more damage.
John nodded again.
He was up an rummaging in the small closet the next moment. He had noticed the boots when he had cleaned earlier. They were large and bucket like, but he recognized them immediately. Pushing aside several oddities and magical objects, he found the boots and dragged them out to the room.
“Great job,” Sherlock said softly.
"What are we doing back here?" John asked. "Do you really think she'll be able to see something you missed?"
As air finally hit his lungs again, John's vision cleared enough for him to recognize the second figure, who had stopped just short of the bed, his hands still held in front of him.
John paused, lowering his eyes, before taking a beath and raising them again to meet Sherlock’s gaze.
“Go on,” Moriarty says. “Do as he says.”
“A date,” Sherlock repeated. “Thank you, Molly Hooper.”
“Oh yes,” he said, understanding dawning, “you two are detectives, aren’t you?”
“Oh, what an ass I have been!” John exclaimed.
“He won’t be involved,” Sherlock said bluntly.
So much blood.
Sherlock looked at Lestrade as though seeing him for the first time.
“We’re going to walk now,” Sherlock began guiding John through the row, careful to shield John from others while not at all minding if he trampled anyone in their way.
On the screen, John finally begins stirring.
Sherlock sighed. What did this idiot want him to say?
"Ah!" the small woman squeaked in surprise as Sherlock very nearly knocked her over.
John watched as Sherlock made his way through the house, carefully inspecting certain objects or the floors or walls in what seemed to John an completely arbitrary manner.
Sherlock watched the laptop as the door to the next room swung open.
Sherlock could hear bustling through the phone. Good.
He stood and walked around the bed and left the room. He didn't say a word. There was nothing he could say that would make the situation better. Better to stay silent.
Sherlock let out a shaky breath.
He looked down to see several of the grotesque creatures he had seen on the ship in that mirror. It took all his effort to prevent himself from releasing a gasp. He struggled more fiercely, but the creatures simply grabbed his other leg and his arms, pinning him down as they swam lower and lower.
Beside him, Sherlock shifted and John looked up.
John didn’t respond. Sherlock was becoming desperate.
“He’s a maniac,” Sherlock said, matter-of-factly.
Sherlock’s instinct was to remove his hands as soon as John touched them, but of course he couldn’t. He watched John’s chest closely. John struggled beneath him, trying to get oxygen. Sherlock, hating himself for it, squeezed tighter, afraid that John might succeed in getting a breath and be shot.
"Well," John said, "that's a bit of a long story, I suppose."
John raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock and John glanced at one another.
John shot him a look somewhere between confusion and anger.
"Mr. Holmes?" her voice had a false cheeriness meant to mask the exhaustion that showed through her slumped posture and drooping eyelids.
And then Sherlock's wretched look surfaced in John's mind and the medical voice in the back of his head repeated
“John,” he said gently. “you’re having a flashback. I need you to breathe. Breathe with me. Inhale, 1 2 3 4, hold 1 2 3 4, exhale 1 2 3 4, hold 1 2 3 4. Good. Again…”
Still staring at the shadow behind them, John startled and stumbled as his hand was jerked forward. He turned his attention to the stranger, who was now running down another alley, tugging him behind.
“No breaks,” the voice said, firmly.
"Pathologist?" John asked.
John glanced at Sherlock, who had folded his hands in front of his chin and was staring into space.
She laughed. "John. Same as ever, I see. Come in."
"I'm Sherlock and this is my friend John. We are investigating the vampire case," Sherlock said without preamble. "We would like to have the body of the last victim--Cedric--examined by our pathologist."
John’s phone rings. Sherlock looks over the top of the paper as he answers.
Sherlock sighed. He had anticipated that this would not be easy.
Away from the noise he had heard earlier—that was as good a start as any. He had heard the sounds coming from directly across from them, so he would take them back, toward the south end of the tunnels.
John just stared, dumbfounded.
“Oh,” she said.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, but didn't argue.
Sherlock and John both shot him a withering look and he put both hands up in defeat.
"STUPID!" Sherlock nearly shouted, stepping away. "That was the most stupid thing you have ever done in your life! Thank god you didn't actually catch it!"
And then he felt Sherlock's hand shaking.
Sherlock noted the exasperation evident on Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson’s faces as he patiently explained that the case was disturbingly simple. He also noted, with secret pleasure, the now familiar look of astonishment and admiration on John’s face.
The voice sighed as well.
"I got some air," Sherlock said shortly, "I need to speak with you."
John sighed. Clearly he wasn't going to be getting a better answers. He glanced around nervously before following Sherlock up the steps, wincing as his cane made a soft noise on every step.
Sherlock groaned. This again? Another little game. Another stupid excuse to torture them. To torture John.
"I heard you were off getting shot at," Mike said, smiling widely. "What happened?"
“Have you changed your mind?” Moriarty asked. “You wouldn’t want John to be killed just so you don’t have to watch, now, would you?”
"I should die," the star said, moving away again. "It isn't right for me to be caught! Please don't!"
Behind his back, he could feel the door shaking with the thing's pounding.
"Exactly," Sherlock said.
The shoulder would be more problematic. They wouldn’t exactly be able to amputate it, no matter how severe the damage or infection. And infection was almost guaranteed.
Grimacing, he opened his eyes to see Sherlock entering the room, accompanied by Dr. Azarian. He took one more deep breath.
The moment the nurse shuffled back out of the room, Dr. Azarian turned to Sherlock, opening John's chart. His face was drawn and he did not look pleased to deliver the information he was about to deliver. He cleared his throat.
There was blood though. And he couldn't tell where it was coming from with all that damned debris in the way! All he could see through the piles of wood and metal was John's head and right shoulder. But, what was visible from his vantage point didn't look bad, considering.
Sherlock frowned at John.
“No,” the voice called. “I said the whole truth, Dr. Watson.”
John couldn't hear the panic in Sherlock's voice, but he was beginning to see it on his face.
The man looked up briefly.
leg again and moaned.
John's eyes flew open as he suddenly felt something grip his injured left arm.
"Oh, he will," the streak of red near the fire's base expanded in a large rather toothy grin.
John, you don't belong in that cramped old clinic doing dad's work. You could do so much more if you just let go of your thing about being the eldest. Please do try something for yourself for once.
The cane stared back woodenly at him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said softly. “I’m here.”
Sherlock wiped his hand down his face, trying not to think about that possibility.
He felt Lestrade move closer beside him. He was clearly sensing Sherlock’s mood.
The sight, sounds, and smell of the warehouse assaulted Sherlock’s senses the moment they arrived. Sherlock had to pause when he stepped out of the car and give himself a moment to get ahold of himself. He wasn’t used to being overwhelmed by emotions, but they seemed to be pounding at him from every angle. He kept seeing John lying on that bed, Sebastian’s dirty hands on him, stroking.
“But it isn’t John’s turn,” Moriarty says. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out, my dear. Oh and John, if you hesitate at all when he tells you which syringe to use, I’ll shoot Sherlock.”
"Ugh," Sherlock moaned. "Boring! I need a case!"
“Truth,” he said finally.
Sherlock collected himself.
“Oh, that’s ambitious,” the voice said. “Please do try though. It will be fun.”
John and Sherlock arrived back at Detective Dimmock's desk just as the building opened and before Dimmock arrived. When he did arrive, holding a coffee cup and looking both tired and annoyed, he motioned them into the office with a sigh and took a long drink from the cup.
John smiled warmly.
Sherlock sat confined in the same ugly, uncomfortable, plastic chair he had sat in after the explosion, doing the exact same thing he had been doing then--waiting. It wasn't literally the same chair (he was in a different waiting room in a different part of the hospital), but it may as well have been. It certainly felt the same.
"Want to sit down?" she suggested.
She shot a sharp look at him over her shoulder.
Sherlock finally looked him in the eye and John regretted asking--wished he could take back the question. He didn't want to know the answer that would cause Sherlock to make that face.
Sherlock looked over his tipped fingers at John.
“Very impressive,” the voice said. “You two might just survive this little game after all.”
And they kissed.
“It’s your turn, Dr. Watson,” the voice said gleefully.
"How did you manage this?" John asked, staring down at the file.
"What do I have to do to make it clear to you that I want to be here with you?" he asked.
He was looking over his notes again, trying to ignore the small explosions coming from the kitchen, where Sherlock was working, when a knock came at the door. He pushed himself up and grabbed his cane as Mrs. Hudson informed him the knock came from the Kingsbury door.
“Truth,” he said finally.
“I’ve got one more treasure to take,” the voice said.
John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, but he didn’t seem to notice.
"What would you know?" Sherlock groaned.
"That isn't his name," Sherlock grumbled again.
He paused.
"Wait!" Mrs. Hudson said as he was stepping out. "I don't think you should."
Once they were safely outside the building, John turned to Sherlock, eyebrow raised.
“He died,” John seemed to read Sherlock’s mind. “Drinking got him.”
“Go on, Sherlock,” the voice taunted. “Tell him.”
He had seen terrible things in his life that would have haunted others, but had never bothered him. Things that would make other people ill had left him unmoved. But the sight that greeted him when the rescue workers removed the rubble from John's lower body had left him feeling cold and weak. The memory of it still did.
"Of course they are," Sherlock said, turning back to the window. "We're here."
John nodded. That seemed simple enough. Perhaps this wouldn't be as difficult as he had expected.
Sherlock smiled.
“John!” Sherlock gently shook his limp body. “John, stay with me, please.”
"Flatmates?" John stared, brow furrowed.
“Very good John,” the voice said happily. “Now, don’t expect the next to be as nice. Sherlock? Your turn.”
"It's quite a mess in here, isn't it?" John murmured.
“I’m fine, Mrs. Hudson,” he said.
Sherlock scrambled to his side, grabbing his IV and moving to open the door. John hardly even looked up. He was concentrating so hard on moving forward.
“I will find you,” Sherlock said. “I will find you and I will make you feel everything you’ve made John feel.”
In the short time it took for him to reach John, his mind raced. A fall from nine meters was roughly three stores. The damage caused by a fall is due to the absorbed energy at impact, explained by the equation E=mv2. From this height, E would equal roughly 7553 Joules. The max velocity would be roughly 14.7 m/s. That would make the average injury severity score 18. All of which meant that, depending on where the bullet hit him, John would mostly likely still be alive, though injured.
"What's the plan?" John asked as they made their way carefully onto the decrepit boat.
He turned to find John on the ground, covered in his own blood, moaning in a low, weak voice. Sherlock was at his side in a moment. He picked up John’s hand. It was limp. He squeezed it, trying to get John to respond. John didn’t.
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned back toward John.
"Yes," John said, nodding curtly as the doctor waited.
"Follow me," Sherlock said softly.
John was surprised at how normal her voice sounded. He wasn't entirely certain what he expected a vampire to sound like, but it wasn't like a regular woman.
“Oh, is that all?” Moriarty laughed again. “You needn’t have done all that then. All you had to do was ask. My dear, Sebastian has been all anticipation about meeting with you two again. In fact, he’s here right now.”
Brilliant. Sherlock is continually impressed by this man.
Dr. Azarian hesitated. Beside them, John looked expectantly at him, waiting for his good news. Sherlock was waiting for something else entirely.
“Start counting,” he growled, then moved his balance so that he was, unimaginably, standing on both legs.
"Yes," John replied, straightening his back in his chair. "Enough for a lifetime."
And now he waited. Again.
“How very kind,” Sherlock says sarcastically.
“Let you?” Sherlock said, his smile widening. “No. I’m going to make you. You’ll have no adventure. No missions. No targets. No torture. No adrenaline. Nothing.”
"Fine," Mycroft said, defeat evident in his tone. "I'll get the paperwork in order to have you listed as John's next-of-kin promptly."
"Damn my leg," John shouted before he realized what he was doing. "Sorry! I am so sorry."
A phone rang suddenly. Staring at Lestrade, Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out the phone, glancing at the screen. He growled, stabbing a button on the phone and putting it to his ear.”
He was in the middle of spinning around to pace back across the room when his progress was halted, rather abruptly, by a petite figure in a lab coat and a pony tail.
He had risen to answer without thinking and was already at the door, opening it, when Mrs. Hudson called out, "but I'm not sure you should, deary."
“It’s quite odd, you know,” Moriarty said, “Falling in love with a pet I mean. How is it? Loving somebody so stupid? Must be difficult. Certainly a distraction. A disappointment really. I do think it’s time Johnny here wakes up though, don’t you?”
And then comprehension finally hit Sherlock and they both looked down at John's leg.
“Lean into me,” Sherlock said, pushing on John’s back to get him to do so.
John was still staring at him. Hard. He looked down, unable to hold his gaze.
He could immediately tell the leg was broken, badly. Blood was seeping out of the side of the leg and, moving to take a closer look, Sherlock had to close his eye to keep from getting nauseous as he saw the shocking white of bone sticking out of John’s leg. A compound fracture. The majority of the leg was covered by his jeans, but a large portion had torn, revealing a bloody mess of skin, muscle, and bone.
“John,” he said as John began once again attempting to position the crutch on the step. “That’s not going to work. We have to do something else.”
"I... of course, yes," Sherlock said, a slight crook to the corner of his mouth.
John didn’t even nod. He just shook silently.
John glanced out to find they had left the center of the city and were now surrounded by rather decrepit buildings, most of which looked long abandoned. Sherlock had already exited the carriage and was walking toward a three level house that appeared to have been built at least a century before and looked about ready to crumble under its own weight. John pushed his way out of the carriage, thanking the driver and rushing as well as he could to catch up.
They would have needed to treat the shock first. He would be given vasopressors to help elevate his blood pressure. Likely he would need a blood transfusion.
"And the last victim," he continued as though nothing had just happened, "has a daughter training to be an intern with the palace gardener."
Lestrade examined Sherlock closely.
He was home. Finally home.
“I’m sorry John,” Sherlock said softly.
“How long will we be out here?” John asked, fiddling with the firewood.
“No,” Sherlock said. “Nothing like that at all.”
"What's the plan?" John asked as they walked toward the slightly agar door.
Sherlock turned to John, hoping (or wishing) he could support John though sheer force of will.
John read it over and over, but came no closer to deciphering its meaning. He thought back to what Sherlock had said about spells:
He turned back to the spell, reading over it for what seemed like the thousandth time. After almost a week and a half of fruitless effort, John was growing more and more frustrated. Sherlock had said the spell was simple, and yet he could make nothing of it. For a simple spell, it seemed rather complex.
“Of course you don’t, you idiot,” he said, finally meeting his gaze again.
“His leg, yes,” Sherlock said testily. “Did he keep it?”
“Oh boys,” she cried. “I’ve been so worried.”
Sherlock stopped breathing.
"How the fuck would I know," John growled.
Sherlock blanched.
Sherlock felt himself pale as the blood rushed from his head. He stared down at John’s leg—a mangled mass of tissue and bone. If he stood on that, it would cause John agony. It would further damage the leg, which was already damaged enough to cause permanent complications. He couldn’t.
"But, why now?" John pressed.
“8, 7, 6…”
John’s face betrayed pain, but only to Sherlock, who knew that face better than any other. To everybody else, John still sat stoically.
Sherlock began shouting John’s name, while trying to dodge the debris that was still crashing around him and avoid inhaling too much smoke and dust. He was randomly picking through piles of debris without any real plan of action, trying hard not to hyperventilate in the process. John had been just inside the door, but Sherlock could see no sign of him.
"Do you remember the curse you tried to solve," Sherlock's face had gone dark.
"Yeah, okay," John murmured, not wanting to hear his own voice.
Wait, really? Had he actually… No, Sherlock must have imagined it. He fog addled brain must be creating the situation he wanted, not reality.
John, however, seemed undeterred by this and simply pushed himself up again. This time, however, he maintained his balance and didn’t fall. Sherlock let out a breath in relief. As he watched, John began carefully picking his way through the barbed wire. Each step gave him a new series of cuts in various places on his body, but they were superficial. His effort is somewhat hindered by his left arm, which he still cannot fully utilize. It seemed to get in his way, but he maintains his forward progress—slow and steady.
"You are alone and have no place to go, or you wouldn't be here," Sherlock continued. "So no extended family. Brother it is then. He gave it to you, so he clearly wants you to stay in touch, but you didn't go to him. That means you've got problems with him. Likely because he is an alcoholic."
After a long moment, he moved to one side of the room, where a chalk outline adorned the floor.
“There are several positions I could place you in that would allow me to bear your weight quite easily,” Sherlock said, nonchalant.
John felt the heavy drag of sedation as he swam again to consciousness. It annoyed him. He despised being sedated. It made him feel dim and sluggish.
John groaned deep in his throat, his eyes clenching shut more tightly.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to physically dislodge the images. He notices Lestrade looking carefully at him.
Sherlock was mouthing something. No, John realized, he was saying something, but he couldn't hear without concentrating. He tried, though the pounding of both his head and his heart made the endeavor difficult.
Sherlock moved his head to gaze at John’s face, his cheek pressing against John’s.
, on the side of his head, was a gash with a nasty bruise forming. It was bleeding profusely, as all headwounds do, but it didn’t look to be bad enough to cause brain damage. John likely had a concussion and his head would hurt like a bitch, but he would be okay.
As he handed the plastic cup back to Sherlock, he finally registered his surroundings. Hospital. That would explain the fog in his head as well. Pain killers.
“Oh, and John,” the voice continued, “please do stand on both legs. Without that silly plank there.”
John wouldn’t have long. Sherlock could already see sweat starting to bead on his forehead and tears starting to run down his cheeks.
John found such stories exciting, though not particularly frightening. He knew he would never be in danger of an encounter with either the Heartless Wizard, as he had come to be known, or the Witch of the Wastes. It was not his fate to have such encounters. Nothing interesting ever happened to him.
“We want Sebastian Moran,” Sherlock said, trying to control his anger.
Sherlock moved so that he was only inches from John's face. John tensed, feeling a tingle run down his spine.
Dr. Azarian rolled his eyes.
"Sherlock," he called, interrupting the man's pacing. "We've got a case."
"What are you doing," Mrs. Hudson almost seemed to be leaning out of the fireplace.
Sherlock raised his own eyebrow.
Sherlock was off before she could ask any questions. He reached the ICU and sprinted down the hall, nurses calling after him to stop running. He ignored them. He sped past rooms that were obviously not John’s until he came to a hall that looked promising. He began peering into each door. Finally, about halfway down the hall he found him.
Sherlock looked down again.
"Nothing at all," John said. "I'm just your friend is all."
John’s lips began turning blue alarmingly fast.
"Yes," he said, his voice sounding strained to his own ears, "but you've come to the same conclusion I have, haven't you?"
“We just hiked three hours into the woods for an indeterminate length of stay and you don’t know why?”
“Help me lay down,” John said softly. “It’ll make it easier.”
She stared at him a long, silent moment and John thought he might as well give up. Then, she blinked and stopped baring her teeth.
“Bit of a case,” Sherlock said. “Didn’t exactly go to plan.”
Sherlock felt John’s hand move again. The thumb in his trousers unhooked and he slowly—very slowly—moved the hand downward. Sherlock couldn’t stand it. He pulled away from John’s mouth just enough to move down to his throat, using his tongue the way John had just taught him, sucking, and even biting gently. John moaned.
with God and Song.
and that I’m acting
It happened in an instant. The lid flipped open, and John immediately seized up. All his muscles clenched and his hand locked on the container’s lid. It lasted for an eternity. Sherlock was certain it would kill him. He felt sick rising up in his throat.
Sherlock let out a breath he had been holding, steadied his slippery hands, and began sawing in the muscles of John’s shoulder.
Okay folks, we're about to wade into so heavy stuff in the next two chapters. Take care of yourself if you get triggered by sexual assault.
Sherlock sighed.
“I’m not letting you do this alone,” John said stubbornly. “You promised me, remember. You said neither of us would have to be alone again. I haven’t forgotten.”
“Please!”
“And more annoying,” Sherlock finally caught up, adjusting his coat. “And our client was very clear about wanting complete confidentiality on this.”
"Where have you been?" Sherlock shot at him the moment he entered the room, moving over to stand in front of him.
Did that mean…? Had John actually enjoyed that kiss? Had he wanted it? And was that why John didn’t seem to actually care about any of his girlfriends? Was that why he stuck around, even when Sherlock would have driven anyone else away? Even when he was a total ass? Was that why John always came back?
And then there was the nagging uneasy feeling of regret and guilt that he couldn't seem to shake. A feeling to which he was quite unused.
He was pulling open the door as she spoke, looking over his shoulder at her. When he turned back, now tense, he came face to face with the scarecrow he had unearthed on his way to Sherlock's castle. It was standing, balanced on the relatively thin stick around which it was composed, and as soon as John had opened the door, it had stuck it's stick arm into the open space as though it were trying to get in.
"He might get function back in his leg, right?" she said slowly.
Sherlock beamed at John. What an extraordinary man.
Sherlock was about to protest again when Mycroft continued.
John tried to move, but an intense pain shot through his shoulder.
“You’ve got a concussion,” Sherlock said, “so we’ll have to go slow. Just let me do it.”
"What is all this," John asked, gesturing to the piles of papers and files.
He was still too weak to properly swim, so Sherlock grabbed him around the chest from behind and began kicking hard toward the dim light of the surface. Glancing below, John could see the mermaids recovering from whatever Sherlock had done to them and starting to swim after them.
Lestrade sighed.
"Of course not!" Sherlock spat, a bit louder than he had intended.
But he can’t see any tools. He doesn’t even see a gun. Instead, Sherlock stands before him totally unarmed. And he’s smiling sweetly.
“S’lock,” John managed. His voice was rough and weak.
“But…” Sherlock began.
She stopped short when she saw the position John and Sherlock were in.
Sherlock stared at him.
“It does look rather odd,” said the Colonel.
"Oh," Molly's face brightened, "Sherlock showed me how a long time ago. I was his apprentice, you see. It is really quite a fascinating process! First, you take a blood sample and..."
“John might have had quite the ordinary life,” Moriarty continued, “if not for you, Sherlock.”
John stood and was just about to storm out when Mrs. Hudson spoke.
“In the army,” he said finally, “there were always a few guys who just couldn’t help but make trouble. They were obedient to their commanders, but other than that, they were just… chaos. They would be deployed and would do things that… Well, the military didn’t much like that kind of thing to get out, so they were often discharged without explanation. No record. No justice for the victims. Nothing.”
He turned to the computer screen. John looked painfully up at the camera.
Once inside door, John leaned against the wall, taking in the smell of the place and savoring the moment. In this place, leaning in the exact spot he had leaned with Sherlock so long ago, in the middle of their first case, he felt enveloped and safe and happy.
Richard led them through shelves and shelves of books--more books than John had ever seen in his life--finally stopping at one and running his hands along the spines. After a moment, he pulled one down and motioned for them to follow.He led them to a small table and sat at one of the chairs, opening the book in front of him.
The clock continued to tick down. They had only minutes now. He had to make a decision. And there was only one way to make it.
, John thought, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock had propped John up against the wall of the mine, in order to make it easier for him to breathe.
Grunting, John made his way back around the front of the castle to the other side. Still, he found his way blocked. Getting more and more angry, John tried to reach the back of the castle from the other direction and, this time, found his way clear. He was so surprised that he stumbled, expecting to push against another barrier.
He was shorter than Sherlock, which he used to his advantage, leaning slightly forward into the man's personal space in an aggressive gesture that was too subtle to be consciously noticed, but tended to encourage people to follow one's orders.
"John has suffered a crush injury to his right leg resulting in widespread damage to the extremity," Dr. Azarian turned in his chair and clicked a small remote to display a digital x-ray of John's leg.
“Shit,” Sherlock breathed.
"We need to question anybody who knew the previous victims," he said.
As they made their slow (thanks to John) way back up to the house, they all heard something in the distance. A car approaching.
was, Moriarty wanted Sherlock to watch.
"What?" Sherlock's voice was sharp and it cut at John.
Sherlock sighed. He was being honest. He had no idea what he was supposed to say. But Scarecrow had asked a question, so he supposed he should start there.
"Yes, thank you," Sherlock shot him a smile that looked less than sincere.
Finally, he looked up at Sherlock, who was still standing at the side of his bed, but was now staring off into the distance.
John nodded curtly and crouched down lower behind the wood, listening carefully to the soft footsteps above them.
"Okay then," John said. "It's a deal."
Sherlock’s stomach drops. John has been shot in his pelvis. The bullet entered his pelvic region to the right of his genitals and to the left of his hip.
He followed her into the cottage, which was just as idyllic on the inside as the outside -- all knitted blankets and cushy chairs and a fire blazing in the fireplace.
“I know,” John smiled. “Okay, the bullet should have followed a fairly straight trajectory. You’ll want to make the incision directly on the entrance wound. You’ll have to go deep. It probably hit the bone, then stopped. Once you hit bone, you’ll find the bullet. Then you’ll have to pull it out with your fingers.”
“Do correct it for me,” he said simply, handing him the pencil.
“A game, of course.”
“Well, as you know, we’ve had a somewhat difficult time tracking down the colonel,” Mycroft said unnecessarily.
John heard his name as though through water, but even so he could tell the urgency in the tone. Who was it calling him? Why couldn’t he just stay floating here?
“I need you to breathe with me John,” he said. “Remember. 4 in, hold 4, 4 out, hold 4. Do it with me.”
They sat like that for a long time. Sherlock had no idea what to do to help John and John clearly had no idea what to do either. Finally, after at least an hour, Sherlock suggested they try to get some sleep. John nodded and slid down in the bed, covering himself with Sherlock’s covers and closing his eyes. Sherlock could tell he wasn’t actually asleep but decided not to press the issue.
“Moriarty,” Sherlock’s voice is flat.
Sherlock reached for the file and began flipping through its contents.
Plus, he hated Sherlock seeing him like this--useless and weak. Each time he was taken for a test he came back feeling more dehumanized and humiliated, like a lab rat being tortured. He knew his doctors were doing their best for him, but that didn't make it feel any nicer and he didn't want Sherlock to see it.
John didn’t answer. He knew exactly what Sherlock was going to do and he knew exactly what it was going to feel like.
“Oh!” the voice said gleefully. “Our first truth! How exciting. We’ll have to make it a good one then.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
Dr. Azarian looked skeptical, but sighed and shrugged.
"Er, yes," Molly mumbled, glancing down at the file in her hands. "I'm afraid I didn't find much though."
"He can't feel it," he managed finally.
“I could see that you were commiserating with me over my mistake,” said Sherlock, laughing. “I am sorry to cause you the sympathetic pain, but it was quite necessary. We then went upstairs together, and having entered the room and seen the dressing-gown hanging up behind the door, I contrived by upsetting a table to engage their attention for the moment and slipped back to examine the pockets.”
“Oh, no,” the voice sounded closer. “Not yet. There’s still quite a bit of fun we can have.”
Sherlock paused, calculating. Then, with a look of intense frustration, he sighed.
Sherlock began to move lower now, his tongue leaving a trail down John’s chest until he reached…
) sounded interested.
“I’m going to kill you,” Sherlock yelled at the screen. “Both of you! Slowly. I’ll make sure you suffer.”
“Good,” Scarecrow said. “I’ve got a good one this time. I’m going to give you a choice. Choose well, Dr. Watson.”
"I don't know Molly," he said quietly. "I don't know anything."
“Time to begin, Sherlock,” Moriarty said, setting a timer on the computer to count down from 30 minutes.
John had pulled out the gun the moment the creature had moved and now pointed it directly at its chest, unsure whether it would make any difference.
"Well," Sherlock said, looking down at the man, "I believe we have a few things to discuss."
Sherlock had not exactly made the best of impressions with the doctor, whose name, it turned out, was Khatri, so he wasn’t inclined to listen to Sherlock’s arguments. John, of course, couldn’t argue for himself, and the doctor refused to listen to anybody else.
"S-sorry," Molly stammered, recovering herself just short of falling. "I just wanted to check on how John was doing."
He glanced up just in time to catch Sherlock's eye, which seemed to be shining just a bit.
"Wha...?" he asked as Sherlock settled himself next to John's right shoulder.
Amelia paused, looking down at her lap and taking a deep breath.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock climbed the last few steps, John right behind him.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. “Remember. I trust you. You can do this.”
John stared at her, wondering what else had changed since he'd last seen her.
“Well now,” Scarecrow sounded behind them, “that was rather impressive indeed. Did John tell you how to do that?”
But Sherlock didn't come back and he lie there overwhelmed by feelings he couldn't control or interpret, trying to to be consumed.
Colonel Hayter smiled at John, who was watching Sherlock think. Sherlock was wrapped up in his thoughts. They would need to go to the estates and talk with both families. He’d need to see the note. They would need to…
John glanced at Lestrade, who shrugged.
John, leaning against the wall, his good hand against his chest, smiled up at Sherlock, clearly moved.
John wished he wouldn’t. He certainly didn’t feel like he was doing a good job. He felt like his chest was going to rip apart and his head might go along with it. He also thought he might be sick if he opened his eyes. But he was sitting up. Progress. How they were actually going to move was beyond him, but he was certain Sherlock had a plan.
"Wait, how did you know about Zanzib?" he asked, pushing himself off the wall to face the strange man.
Sherlock let his gaze fall to the floor. His jaw clenched around the words he couldn't bring himself to even consider saying. How could he give permission to have John's leg amputated. And his right leg at that. The very one he's 'fixed' when they'd first met. He couldn't do it.
The doctor looked up at Sherlock, his expression serious.
"The letter from Harry that brought me here," John said, staring back.
time (that day). “With your shoulder out of commission, trying to use a crutch will be…”
"He's not my boyfriend," John said.
John let out small laugh.
Sherlock was staring intently at the ground around the hedge where the intruder had fled. John could not see what he was apparently seeing, but he didn’t say a word, so John left it alone.
"I don't know," Sherlock said slowly, "but I have a suspicion."
He thought he felt John sigh into his mouth, but he must have been dreaming it. Or wishing it. His hand continued moving, gently crossing over John’s nipple, then resting on John’s side. He noticed, suddenly, that most of the tension had left John’s mouth and body. John seemed to relax further against Sherlock’s hand.
There was a knock at the door again and John sighed as Mrs. Hudson flared and whimpered. He stood to answer it and Sherlock's eyes immediately shot to him.
“Because of digging that damn bullet out,” Sherlock said furiously at the dark.
And with that, Sherlock darted off up the stairs, leaving John to wonder how he was supposed to prepare himself for a meeting with a vampire.
“Oh, I like him,” scarecrow taunted. “He’s a tough one.”
Getting through the crowd was a challenge. John’s leg and shoulder made navigating the crowd difficult. He was jostled and almost knocked over multiple times. Sherlock noticed that John had tensed up significantly. Sherlock wasn’t surprised. He would be tense too if he were in danger of being reinjured by carless idiots. Sherlock did his best to shield John as they made their way through the crowd to their seats.
“Oh,” the inspector said. “Yes, I do actually.”
"Oh," John said, brightening, but trying not to look delighted. "Come in."
"John," Sherlock stood on his chair before crossing to John's in two long strides and putting his hands on John's shoulders. "You may not be the most luminous of people, but as a conductor of light, you are brilliant!"
“Looks like you’ve been through the ringer, Dr. Watson,” he commented.
“Here is my gift, Sherlock,” Moriarty said. “I will have Sebastian here tied to a chair in an empty room. I’ll give you two hours. I’ll even provide some fun little toys. You are allowed to do anything you want. No rules. You can torture and kill him. Whatever you like.”
Alone in the room, John stared at his leg, a tangled mess of metal and gauze lying useless before him. He knew it was a long shot--that it would probably come to nothing and might make things so much worse. But, as he thought back to the bedsit and the cane and his life after Afghanistan and before Sherlock Holmes, he knew he really had no choice at all.
"That's graving," Sherlock said. "Used on ships. But not just any ships. Old ships with wooden sheathing rather than the more common copper sheathing."
he examines your chest—
"She's?" Harry asked.
“I’ll be fine,” John insisted, in a (rather unconvincing) weak voice.
"Very good," John replied.
He turned and stared, wide-eyed, at Sherlock, who looked quite miserable now.
"Are we really investigating a vampire?" John asked as they moved into the large, luxurious living area.
“No,” it said, “that’s not all, is it John? Go ahead, tell Sherlock the whole story.”
Sherlock felt John move beside him. He had been distracted. Caught up in his thoughts. But he needed to pay attention. Make sure John was okay.
"And the best part is that you can't tell anybody about the curse."
Sherlock’s head pounded. It was quiet wherever he was, but every tiny sound was seemingly magnified tenfold. He could hear his own breathing, somebody else’s breathing, distant footsteps, a mechanical noise. Thinking hurt. It was like wading through water. He tried to remember what had brought him to this state, but it was so hard…
He kept replaying the past few days, since Dr. Azarian told John about the potential for a treatment for his spinal cord injury. He was trying to find a way he could have persuaded John to refuse the surgery. It was an entirely useless exercise, as John had now been in surgery for the past three hours, but he couldn't seem to stop himself.
Sherlock pause his pacing and tried to relax his fists, which had become so clenched that his nails were digging into his palms. He glanced over his shoulder at John's door, which was still frustratingly closed. He resumed pacing.
"Consider what, Sherlock?" John burst out. "Doing nothing?"
Another man entered the room once John was gone, rolling a laptop set up on a cart into the room and placing it in front of Sherlock. The laptop screen was off, but Sherlock had a bad feeling about what he was about to see on it. Whatever John’s
"You know why," she glanced nervously around the street. "Hurry up and let me inside before somebody spots me."
"John!" Sherlock rushed over to crouch over him and John tried to push him away, but found he was shaking. "Are you okay? Can you walk?"
John, staring distrustfully down the tunnel, reached over and began unwrapping his shoulder. When he finished, Sherlock could clearly see the wound as the shirt also fell away. It looked so small. Just a hole, less than an inch, slowly leaking blood onto John’s chest. Sherlock was, however, infuriated to see just how close the wound was to his previous wound. The scar tissue would make healing more difficult and painful for John.
on the shore—
Behind the woman, the meek servant was shaking her head, looking concerned. John ignored her.
Sherlock hear John mumble something, barely audible.
“Oh, and Sherlock,” Scarecrow’s voice cut through his thoughts. “You have to stand on the leg where it is broke. Both feet. For five seconds. I’ll count.”
"What happened?" John asked, prompting Bryan to get to the point before Sherlock became rude.
Sherlock shot up in his chair, his brain working faster than he could keep up.
"But how did..." he began, but the stranger cut him off before he could finish his thought.
Tachycardia, hypertension, and mydriasis were caused by stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system (vagus nerve).
He felt a hand on his arm and tried weakly to tug it away, but it remained tightly grasped. Then there was a hand on his other arm and a blurry figure in front of him.
Sherlock smiled. "Simple. Your haircut and the way you hold yourself says military. You were on your way to the herb shop, so healer. Obvious. Your face is tan, but no tan above the wrist. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. You've sustained an injury to your shoulder -- you hold it stiffly and favor your other arm. So, war, desert, injury -- Zanzib."
“Then yesterday they found a man dead at another estate. The Cunningham’s” Colonel Hayter continued. “It was their driver, William Kirwan. He’d been shot just outside of the manor by an intruder. And there was this strange note with the time of death on it that he was holding when they found him.”
“I’m wildly aware,” Sherlock snapped.
"They look like needle punctures," John said, squinting at them.
"It's bloody painful," John said, trying not to wince as he said it.
Now for something to tie it on with. He moved back to John, quickly coat and shirt. He took the shirt and ripped it in half.
John's frowned deepened and his brows furrowed in the way they always did when he was about to burst with anger. Sherlock braced himself.
“I can’t predict exactly,” the doctor looked steadily at Sherlock, “but I suspect the leg will not function fully. And it will likely be painful for the rest of his life.”
"What you said,” John explained patiently. “What you just said. Were you lying or was that actually the truth?
By the time Sherlock returned, however, John was quite distracted and had forgotten all about the door. In his efforts to organize Sherlock's piles of files and papers and books, he had come across several items that appeared to be spells, many of which looked to have been written by Sherlock himself. He was perusing them with great interest when Sherlock interrupted him.
"Well," Sherlock said, leaning back in his seat, "there are several different dimensions that exist simultaneously. London is in one dimension. Ingary is in another."
John hesitated again.
John Watson. I have a simple question for you. Answer it truthfully and you two are free to go. Lie, and I will shoot you both.”
He opened them again.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said urgently into the phone as soon as the ringing ceased. “Sebastian Moran. I know who’s been hiding him. I know how he got to us so easily. I know who’s ultimately in charge here.”
“I know you will,” he said. “But please, wait for me. I don’t want either of us facing him alone.”
“M’here,” John slurred.
“Yeah,” John said, accepting the crutch Sherlock extended to him.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was tight, but firm. “It’ll be okay. I trust you.”
“Me?” Moriarty exclaims. “Nothing at all. Sebastian, on the other hand… Don’t worry. He won’t hurt John unless you choose option one. Otherwise, well… He’s just going to have his little fun. Again.”
Rosie                          "Whoa. Wow!"
Greg                            "Loud and clear soldier. You're free of guards for this door, just be quiet opening it." I replied and saw them walking around the wall, eyes skimming elsewhere to where the guards are and then back at them.
Mycroft                     I sit up, and shift myself off of his hips long enough to strip his jeans and boxers off, stroking my fingers lightly along his bare thighs.
Sherlock                   I drop into the chair, bringing my legs up so I'm facing him, "Let me go out there. Let me go to crime scenes. I need to gather evidence."
Anthea
Sharon Price          My tears soak into his shirt, clinging to him and babbling, "I came to visit her and thought I smelled smoke. I raced in and it was already so smoky and hot in there. I tried to get her out but... but..."
Greg                      I follow him after a moment and didn't think Mycroft would mind my fingers on the bonnet. I did notice he had a thing about people touching him, people standing too close to him in case their arms brushed so I simply stood behind him at the door.
Mycroft                     Entering my room, I kick off my shoes and throw my jacket over a chair, collapsing gratefully onto the soft mattress.
Mycroft                       "I have been out of contact with everyone this week. My phone was secured at my office. I only just retrieved it this morning."
Greg                      I grab Sherlock and even though he kept pacing, we managed to land safely and already found a car waiting for us from Mycroft. My heart sunk when we got to the site and I ran after Sherlock as he hauled himself from the car to start throwing rubble around.
Sherlock                   My head rests on John's, closing my eyes for a moment, before planting a kiss on his lips, "We need to find Moriarty."
Mycroft                     I sit up on one elbow beside him and look down in his eyes. "Is this really what you want to talk about now?" My hand rubs gently over his sweatshirt.
Sherlock                   The rest of my clothes are shed as I slip down the bed, tongue teasing and caressing downwards as I go, swirling in his dark blond fuzz and renewing my memory of his body
Moriarty
Mycroft                     "That is welcome news. I'm sure the transition to London has been a bit of a challenge for her. I have nearly worked out the paperwork, with regard to her permanent residence here. I should have it completed within the week. Mary's cousins are being... difficult."
Greg                            "I know but to move forward, we can't have secrets. I mean, you can ask me whatever you want to know, whether there's something you've always wanted to." I rub his arm and feel the affection running between the both of us. It was warm, a little bit of tension but not much.
Greg                            "Male companion. How upper class of you." I joked as he winked at me and I put my hand over his on the gear stick, looking at him again, "I just… didn't know whether they'd had any inkling to your orientation. I didn't want to dump you right in it when nobody on my team even knows I almost married a bloke before I met Caroline.
Even though it was a fair enough temperature out, Sherlock was wrapped tight in his scarf and coat, the collar up without pretense for once.
“John Watson." He replied. "You said that before, too. What is ‘shedding’?” John asked, stretching and rolling his bad shoulder as he looked over at Colonel. Strel hissed at him. He ignored it.
He looked over at Sherlock, who had opted out of his usual coat for osprey body armor to match the one John and the rest of the team wore. They weren’t going in first, but John was to be close behind the first team. He was the only one who knew definitively which people there were hostile and which were victims, and he’d assigned himself to be chief medical officer on this mission. They’d sent another army doctor and a couple of veterinarians in case any Shifters were unable to shed in the confusion, but those three wouldn’t come in until the place was secured and safe.
John started as he moved his hand at the soft voice he realized was directly above him. Sherlock stared down with a mute expression and his sharp, raptorial eyes. Neither moved.
one. Then we’ll leave ya be. How’s that?”
” The cat said, affronted.
Wearing his smuggest, easiest to punch face, Sherlock turned in one step and started his ‘I’m going to make a little play out of explaining this to you’ pacing. “I’m surprised you don’t know. We need to discuss exactly how thin your magical knowledge is.
“John?” Sherlock turned back when he noticed the doctor wasn’t beside him.
"No... can't say I have."
Looking very proud of himself, hair slicked back, Sherlock wore a flashy suit shirt loose at the collar. It was tucked into ostentatious pinstripe trousers, he had a suit jacket thrown over his shoulder, and he tipped his shades forward on his nose. Even those had some logo John was sure belonged to some prestigious company, but he didn’t pay attention enough to those things to know which.
A sly grin matched John’s glare, looking him in the eye and then obviously scanning the doctor up and down with invasive scrutiny. Then he turned on his heel and traipsed lazily down the stairs to meet with a girl John didn’t know how he could have missed; she had long, curling locks dyed a bright turquoise. She looked very worried, but she also seemed to only have eyes for the younger Kar brother, and they went off out of sight together.
“Items 563 and 289, ladies and gentlemen!”
“Well too bad for him we’re not in Scotland!”
She said in a sly tone.
“Still touchy I see, even after our heartfelt discussion.” Mycroft hummed. But it made John grin when he got up anyway, and approached the doorway where they stood. “Any progress to report, after they no doubt confiscated your mobile?”
Sherlock flicked the climax of his song off with a defined flourish, the last two notes dipping then coming sharply up before they were cut off by a steady hand. He smiled at John, who was groggy enough with his meds and sleeplessness and a full belly that he clapped. “Fantastic.”
“You could…” John replied slowly, waking Sherlock to the fact it had only been a second or two in real time, outside his head. John ran his tongue over his lips thoughtfully, still not overly perturbed. That could be for a myriad of reasons… “But,” John locked eyes and concentrated fully on Sherlock. The devoted attention made the detective shudder. “Are you?”
“Sherlock-”
“Harry! That’s enough! You said all this already, before I shipped off for god’s sake, why do you think I never call?! I’ve had more than enough of your self righteous bullshit! Why don’t you sort yourself out before coming after me, hm?”
There was a boy who looked nearly identical, if it weren’t for his hair… it was much shorter, spiked and pushed from his face with a bandana. That was not the disturbing part of the image, though; he was leaned over Bluebell as she sat, vacant, in the high-back chair beside the window.
John’s smile soured as he looked down at the manila folder and it’s CIA emblem. “Ponce.”
“Um.” Sherlock only let go of his hand to throw his coat back on… “It said to use the feather, to be quick, and it called me ‘Heira’. Any idea what that means?”
“Hm. Unfortunate.”
“Hush, John. I'm not moving.”
“I need what you have, then.” Lestrade said in an even tone, sloughing off Sherlock’s threat. “Miss…”
“How formal.” The boy tsked, leaning out of his path but not out of his personal space.
The DI didn’t have too long to permeate in the feeling as John returned, albeit with a changed demeanor. His skin looked as if it were greying around his eyes and on either side of his mouth as he walked beneath better lighting to rejoin the others in the living room.
“Is that so?” John scoffed, looking up at him with a hand over his eyes to block the rising sun. “And who exactly are you?”
“Thought never occurred, no.” John answered shortly, readying himself for a condescending rant when all he wanted was to sleep for a few hours.
“Quite possibly.”
“I don’t pay attention to that sort of thing.”
He turned his back on the body for the fifth time that day. The carcass was an odd mix of repulsive and, to John's dismay, enticing. He'd been around plenty of cadavers both at school and in the service and he'd never had this issue. He made a face and forced himself to listen to the next story... instead of thinking about the tale about a plane crash in the mountains and what they'd done to survive.
“No, though we do live on the fringes. We’re still accessible to humans. The paper, milk delivery, all those sorts of things come here.” She kept on the main road as the structures grew and became more modern, more pristine, though they had to still be at least 50 years old. At the end, where the road became a bay encircling a very large tree (John couldn’t place the species in the dim light), she slowed before a great fence of moss-loved stone. The gate before them swung inward to let them pass to the old, well kept Tudor.
He remembered feeling panicked... Somebody had grabbed him--surprised him. He hadn't heard anybody enter the room. He had reacted on instinct--had moved away and shielded himself from the potential danger. Then Sherlock was there. And then the details became blurry.
“I…” John hesitated, clearly thinking hard. “I’ll crawl.”
"I understand deary," the fire said, a touch of sadness to her voice. "I might be able to help you with that."
Sherlock glanced over at John again.
“I need a rescue crew here as soon as possible,” Sherlock said.
. They both recognized the voice instantly. Difficult to forget a voice that threatened to blow you up.
“Sherlock,” the voice said, “for your dare, I would like you to kiss Dr. Watson.”
"Why wasn't I completely out, like that man?" John asked.
John raised an eyebrow, watching the seemingly out of character behavior with amusement. Sherlock was running around the room with a wide smile on his face. He grabbed the coat he had taken off when he entered and wrapped a scarf around his neck before rushing out the door.
“Oh don’t tell me you’ve never played truth or dare Sherlock,” Scarecrow laughed.
“But he didn’t die, did he?” Moriarty said. “Honestly Sherlock, I thought you would have more faith in your little pet.”
But which one? Both were made of metal and of similar size. Nothing distinguished them.
“Please brother,” Mycroft said softly. “Let me help you and John. Do this the right way. For John’s sake.”
Sherlock had only glanced at the scene before launching into his explanation. He finished his monologue by pointing, nonchalantly, to the murderer, who, upon noticing the attention of the entire Yard, immediately bolted.
Sherlock handed him a small notebook and he began writing quickly.
"I'm sorry John," his voice was so soft that John felt his heart clench and his stomach drop. "I should have come sooner."
"Can you move us away?" he asked. "Quickly?"
"Do you think so?" Sherlock asked, his back turned and his voice soft.
"I want to do it then," John said, his tone as determined as his expression.
"Er," John blinked, trying to pull himself out of his thoughts enough to concentrate on the man in front of him, "yeah."
“Sherlock!” he said breathlessly. “Are you alright?”
He took a deep breath.
"What's so odd about that?" John asked, confused.
“That’s two questions,” he said, deadpan.
"Like I said," Amelia was clearly becoming annoyed, "I haven't. I'm being framed."
John’s lips were warm—a striking difference from the last time Sherlock had felt them. It comforted him. It meant John was well—physically at least. Mostly.
He had to guess.
Sherlock sighed.
"You mean?" John could hardly believe what he was hearing.
Without another word, Moriarty leaves the room and Sherlock is alone, staring at the screen in front of him. At the same time, Sebastian leaves John’s room, smiling at the camera the entire time he walked out. In the next moment, two burly men enter the room and quickly untie Sherlock, pointing a gun at his head to discourage any unwise movement. They leave just as quickly as they appeared.
The woman glared.
The knock at the door jolted John out of his reverie.
"She'll be back with the others by now," Sherlock said. "She didn't get her blood, so she'll be turning back into a full mermaid anytime now. I doubt we'll have a problem with her though. Whoever made that deal with her certainly won't make it a second time."
"The chance is small compared to the risk," Sherlock's tone was beginning to lose its neutrality, an edge of annoyance creeping in.
“No,” Sherlock said, “but you know John. And you understand emotions better than I do. I need to know what to do to help him.”
John’s body began jerking beneath him. Sherlock cursed under his breath. He knew that when convulsions occur, the EEG findings are very similar to a very short epileptic seizure.
“Dr. Watson,” the voice began.
"We're going down there?" he asked.
The paramedics rush John away the moment they arrive and a nurse ushers Sherlock into an uncomfortable waiting room again. Lestrade is close at his heels.
Sherlock ignored his brother.
“That would ruin the surprise,” Moriarty says.
John sighed.
“Fine,” the voice said exasperated. “A moment.”
The crime scene was almost exactly like the previous one -- a large house, indications of isolation, absolutely no blood found around (or in) the body. Sherlock took only a cursory look before he declared it was exactly as he expected. He then turned his attention to the body, instructing Dimmock to send it to Molly. Dimmock put up only a cursory resistance before agreeing.
John had never used seven league boots before. In fact, he had never seen them in person before he met Sherlock. He found the experience incredibly unsettling--rushing through space as though he were some kind of star himself. But, to his delight, he reached the moors in no time at all and was just in time to see the stars in their full glory.
“I’m aware,” John said, positioning the crutch under his good arm and otherwise ignoring Sherlock’s protest.
Sherlock leaned back against the wall himself.
Sherlock sighed and moved back to John, helping him to a sitting position. He was looking better now that he could breath properly.
"Helping solve a murder," Sherlock responded.
“What do you mean?” Lestrade asked.
There are clear grease marks from fingers on four of the keys. The number correspond to the numbers John has written down. So far so good. Sherlock looks closely. One key has more grease on it than the others. That must be the first number. The finger would leave the most grease on the first key, then progressively less on each subsequent key.
John and Sherlock exchanged a loaded look that didn’t escape the notice of Colonel Hayter. He smiled.
Taking several deep breaths to steady himself, he glanced around the sky, looking for any sign of a shooting star.
"Of course," Sherlock said, smiling at him. "How could she have killed Cedric if she couldn't even enter his house."
The books covered topics ranging from anatomy to history, though only a particular kind of history that dealt, primarily, with crime, he noticed. There were several books containing odd formulas and strange letter and number combinations that John could not interpret. He assumed it was a strange foreign language or books of spells.
“No,” Sherlock said immediately. There is no telling where that sadistic arsehole would shoot John. There is no way he can chance it. Whatever the other option is, he’ll have to go with that, no matter how bad it is.
Sherlock again explained John’s condition.
She slid her hand down to his bad shoulder and he felt pain shoot through it, but refused to cry out or even grimace. He simply stared dead in her eyes.
“But I thought you liked your little pet,” he said. “Sebastian won’t hurt him.”
"This isn't the spell I left," Sherlock glanced over at Mrs. Hudson.
Today, his nerves were particularly exposed. John's new specialists had told them they would have a firm answer by today about his spinal cord injury. Sherlock wasn't certain he was prepared for the news, though he was certain he couldn't stand waiting any longer.
Wizard Holmes rolled his eyes and took a step closer, moving into John's personal space and examining him.
"Oh, hi Detective Lestrade," John said, smiling at him.
"Aarrghhh" he groaned, rubbing his hands roughly through his hair and disentangling himself, suddenly claustrophobic.
He pulled his left hand out from under the sheets. It twitched and he closed it into a fist and moved the fingers, trying to get the tremor to ease.
Slowly, John pushed himself off the floor and limped to the new door. When he reached it, he put his right hand on the door, hesitated a moment, and then pushed. Sherlock couldn’t see what John could see, but whatever it was had clearly startled him.
