That had been when John put his foot down about Sherlock's foot and fussed him to sit on the stairs, out of the way of the police. He'd just returned from having his fingerprints scanned.
At least John knew not to say something dull and obvious like 'but they look so old' because Sherlock would have had to renounce their friendship right then and there.
“It's hot,” he said and waited for Sherlock to sit up a little, stuffing a cushion behind his back, before handing over the cup. “Keep your leg elevated.”
A shower, a change of clothes, a reapplication of nicotine patches, a quick sweep through the flat to hide the original of the two books (so Mycroft's men hadn't been there yet), and a back-up mobile later (because not only was the battery empty, but it was now also very likely bugged by Mycroft) he was on the way to Barts. He swung by the pathology lab to see Molly, who looked tired and startled.
“I'll be able to spot her,” he continued, giving John a disgusted look. “She'll be practically flaunting it. In fact, why would you even mention needing a picture.” He swept into the shop, pride carrying him over the pain in his foot that had reached his hip, joining with the discontent of his ribs. He navigated immediately to a service counter, with John somewhere in his wake.
Then he hovered again, until Sherlock wound his neck around enough to be able to look up at him. John had a soft expression, fond, slightly worried (bags under his eyes, he hadn't slept well).
While Sherlock was perfectly capable of shutting out noises and voices if he so desired, they did still register on some subconscious level, letting him know if the situation was normal. Currently he became aware of a silence in the flat and re-focused his eyes from his thoughts to the other arm chair in front of him and John sitting in it, looking displeased, sans the girl.
“What-” John lifted his head a bit, mouth wrinkled in objection. The nature of said objection remained ambiguous (probably something to do with sex).
“J-John,” Sherlock croaked, reaching towards the light which slowly radiated into a halo around a shape standing in the doorway.
“Usually because people think that happiness doesn't just happen, there has to be a reason. Your happiness only happens near corpses and crime scenes, so it's doubly suspect.”
“Ah, yes,” Sherlock replied, memory dawning on him. “The friend of the client who insisted said friend had been sold into white slavery.”
The man on the street was looking up at the windows of 221B. “I'm leaving,” Sherlock declared and headed to grab his coat again.
“There's a certain degree of difference that's pretty important to some people,” John sighed, but cleverly didn't try to explain it. He must've noticed how Sherlock was already zoning out of the conversation.
It wasn't that he was completely unaware of what happened around him when he was mind-palacing, but it was that he chose to ignore those things. He was gifted with great powers of compartmentalisation and concentration on top of his ability to deduce and memorise and then remember. So he was peripherally aware John had taxied him home from the mortuary and that Molly had given him a preliminary autopsy report (she did all these illegal things). Molly was good at what she did and Sherlock appreciated that. He appreciated that she didn't try to figure out motives from what she discovered, she only recorded those discoveries as objectively as she could and left the detective work to Sherlock (or, God forbid, Scotland Yard).
“Let me guess. Your friend left with one of these gentlemen,” Sherlock showed the last picture, “and is now not responding to your messages.”
“I have no idea what you're talking about,” Sherlock said completely without shame at his attempt at manipulation. It hadn't been a very good attempt, anyway. More of a token. “The hand we found was removed while the person was still alive.”
“What would you say if I told you I could have prevented her death?” he asked Molly once she was unwrapping the plastic from around the body parts. Actually there was no guarantee he could've saved the victim even if he'd taken the case because tracking someone who'd been either kidnapped at a club or left with someone voluntarily before being kidnapped was rather difficult. Even for him.
“How many people do you think I have locked up? It's more than two. More than four. Good luck, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock stood unmoving, staring at the barrel of the gun. She wasn't used to handling one, the barrel was pointed slightly down, a mistake many first-timers made. He shuffled slightly to the side, on the pretence of shifting the weight off his hurt foot. Her eyes followed him because for now it was he she wanted to talk to.
“John,” he said again because he liked to make John look at him and because he liked saying his name. “Her death has led us to a greater conspiracy. Isn't that enough?”
“Are you certain he is not a liability to you in this matter?” Mycroft smoothed out his suit. Sherlock just gave him a glare. Mycroft had been the one who had taught him the (ineffective) tactic of being alone and uncaring. He had now chosen otherwise with John and he knew that disappointed Mycroft even further. It was like having a third parent, one he didn't like.
Sherlock sat up and ran his hands over his face and through his hair. He realised he was in his own bed. It was dark outside but there was no rain or thunder. Not even a wind.
It was more surprising this happened due to John's initiative, considering John's stance on their currently very stagnant relationship was to keep it stagnant. Sherlock professed to some disappointment over that fact because he'd made his romantic and/or sexual overtures in the hope that John would pick it up from there, but it hadn't happened. Was three weeks too short a time to expect progress? Sherlock had laboured under the impression that new (romantic) relationships progressed faster. There were a number of reasons why he'd left it up to John, however. Like his oddly serious take on his heterosexuality, and his self-professed knowledge of relationships (though merely of the above-mentioned heterosexual variety).
In a way, Sherlock reflected, John was particularly useful in his role as a gauge and repository of useless human responses because he wasn't afraid of reminding Sherlock when he'd broken some absurd social rule, making it possible for Sherlock to completely delete them from his mind and free space for the more useful data. Sherlock had always had trouble trying to keep them in mind, along with the corresponding emotional state, when interacting with the unintelligent masses.
The entrance would be somewhere she could control it, and it would give her more power (or, rather, the feeling of power) because she had been initiated into the secret. What was the secret? Sherlock's concentration shattered at a particularly mean throb of pain from his cheek and temple, but there was no one to blame for it so he just leaned over and carefully slotted his foot back into the shoe (which John had left undone, an attempt to get him to stay still). He knew where the entrance was, and John would never find it without him.
John had tilted his head back on his pillow, eyes closed. “There was this one man,” he began, slightly hesitant. “He'd been hit by an IED, but he wasn't in critical condition, though his legs had been amputated. He was in the field hospital waiting for transport when my shift began. He'd been brought in and operated on during the shift previous to mine.”
Their argument had brought them to the address and they were left on the kerb, under an awning, staring at the front of the shop that bore the right street number. Swatches of wall-paper hung in the windows, along with wall borders and other accoutrements of an interior design shop.
“To the point. I like that, Mr Holmes,” he man said. “I will give you the address of my workshop and we can meet there in two hours.”
“To be honest, it's an honour to meet you,” she told him once she was seated. She had the eyes of a fish, unblinking. “You're quite the celebrity.”
“Long bath,” John replied from the sitting room. Had it been long? How long? The only sense of time Sherlock had at the moment was that it was dark outside.
The first drawer (out of two) had John's pistol (current British Army service side-arm Browning L9A1) with a full clip next to it and a cleaning kit (Gunslick Universal Roll-up). The second one held in itself a folded cloth hanky, a Swiss army knife, lotion, condoms (Mates Intensity), paracetamol and a Maglite torch. Sherlock considered the selection of items and the way John had classed them together. The torch and the knife in with the condoms surely signified something about John's sexual practices (perhaps he was very adventurous and enjoyed spelunking), but Sherlock decided not to dwell on what John did with his bits on his own time.
“Oh, for God's sake,” Sherlock snorted and sat on the bed without being invited to do so. He never got invited to do anything, really, so he'd learned the habit of not waiting for an invitation. “I didn't dose you with anything, I'm just bored. How can you still not see, feel or realise when you've been poisoned or drugged?”
Sherlock gave John the glare of impending doom, but John was far more interested in his toast and bacon and he had grown quite apt at ignoring Sherlock when he wanted (absolutely maddening). “Did Lestrade ring?”
There was more sloshing and then sounds of spitting and coughing somewhere beneath the still-moving garbage. “Sherlock?” John's voice was faint but audible. It echoed a bit as though he'd fallen into an underground (underhouse) lake.
“No.” Sherlock made sure to stand between Gibson and John, but he could feel the rage radiating from John like heat. “Explain the body found in the woods.”
The van started and jerked into a gear, soon rumbling down the gravel path. It was easy to keep track of where the vehicle travelled, it only required basic knowledge of arithmetic and a general idea of local geography, both of which Sherlock possessed. He counted while considering how to phrase his reply and looked at John for a clue on how to do it. John was frowning slightly, with the corners of his mouth drooping down. Furrows were etched into his brow and around his eyes and mouth. His face was effectively saying 'I'm done' and Sherlock had to respect that.
“Right then, that's my cue,” he said and gathered up the papers. “I'll get back to you once the list's been run through the system.”
“The recorder? Really? That's- that's- Never mind. I didn't know you were into woodwinds.” He paused to grin at Sherlock, then sobered up again. “Why don't you tell me about what happened with the case? You left this morning and- Well, that's all I know about it.”
By now Scotland Yard would have frozen her accounts, pulled her customer info, gone through her place, and they'd still have nothing. There would be a place, a project, maybe a renovation in the works, nothing urgent, somewhere she could set up. Sherlock needed to get his hands on the customer list. He made a grabby hand motion at John, who had removed the IV and was standing there, rolling up the rubber tubing.
John rolled his eyes. “Of course. Makes sense. Yeah. When do you have the time to read all these studies?”
“Stitches,” he said, then at the young woman who stood in the doorway, hands pressed on her mouth: “Get an ambulance. Now!” The last was added with that whiplash of a voice John was capable of but hardly ever used (he'd get so much more respect if he did it more often). He gave Sherlock a glare and dug out his mobile when the girl was gone and rang Lestrade.
It sounded a lot like a challenge. Sherlock tested his tongue against the roof of his mouth but the stitches felt like bristles and it hurt so he didn't try to form any letters (though he could do bilabials and labio-dentals). He resorted to pointing at the door and snapping his fingers until John got the hint and got up, giving the room that look (windows, doors, people, lights, sharp objects), and left. Sherlock glared after him, then began speed-typing, sipping desolately, and noted the fluid feedback from his mouth turned the water in the glass faintly pinkish.
“Leather, I suppose,” John moved closer, close enough to crowd Sherlock a bit. All it did was to make John waft up Sherlock's nose, distracting him.
John read it and nodded. Sherlock had noticed John was easily mollified with an apology if it looked (emphasis on ‘looked’) sincere. He, like everyone else everywhere ever, took visual cues to be the most important. But Sherlock was actually sincere this time. It was an unfamiliar thing, but right then he had realised he didn't want John to dislike him. He didn't care that almost everyone else did, but John shouldn't be one of them.
“I said, who told you you had no heart?” John was looking at him with a little frown, obviously worried about this heart business.
“One,” Mycroft corrected him. “You've caught one, the other one surrendered. I'm quite astonished they allowed in someone so… gormless.”
“Because… Privation and confinement are more likely causes for what we saw. I'm surprised that you-”
“I thought,” John began tentatively, earning an eye-roll from Sherlock, “I thought you might be bored after you woke properly and since it's just only past seven...” he trailed off, looking at Sherlock. “So I took your laptop and hid it somewhere in the flat and I'm going to bet you twenty quid that you won't be able to find it.” As John said this he got up and waved a twenty pound note in the air, then clamped it between the skull's teeth on the mantelpiece.
“Yes, but not because of her,” Sherlock answered. “John estimated she'd been dead less than 24 hours and there is noticeably little blood for someone who's been dismembered.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, chilled by the memory. He must have shivered because John moved his hand across his shoulders and sat closer. It was a little awkward but Sherlock could appreciate the gesture. “Keep going.”
“Sherlock,” Alice said just then, with her voice carrying more strength than it had before, making Sherlock's eyes see black for a moment. “You are perfect for me. If you walk out that door I will come after you. I will have you.” Despite the rage in her voice and the darkness she radiated she remained composed, sitting like a mermaid on the floor with her useless legs.
It wouldn't be the sitting room, too obvious, even for John. The kitchen, the bathroom- JOHN'S ROOM. Sherlock was up and at his crutches a second later, eagerly hobbling his way to the stairs. He didn't believe John had hidden his laptop there, no, but it was too good an opportunity to have a legitimate snoop around. John had, after all, said ‘the flat,’ and that included his room.
She dug in her purse, sniffling, and though the purse was tiny, it took her an inordinate amount of time to find whatever it was she was looking for (probably her mobile, or was she going to illustrate the story with her lip gloss?). Sherlock had often considered a small experiment in purse space as it seemed that they were bigger on the inside, but obviously that was only a perception and couldn't be verified without an empirical study of some sort. However, he'd never been bored enough to undertake said study. It was a horrifying thought that one day it might happen. He glanced at John and made a face at him, which John fortunately was able to decipher.
John looked up with glassy eyes, blinked at him, then dug out the knife, his movements very stiff. It only made Sherlock very certain that he was making the right choice despite the dangers of organolithium compounds. He took the knife and used it to pry open the bottle, aiming it at the flammable (empty) pages in the box. As soon as air hit the tert-butyllithium it burst into fire. He'd handled it once before at uni, under some very strict supervision and a fume hood, wearing flame-retardant clothing. He tossed the whole of the vial into the box and stepped back. Fire sprouted out of it in the air, creating an arc of flame that followed the vial and then burst into a fire in the box. Sherlock took John by the shoulders and situated him near the fire to dry out.
“Irrelevant.” Sherlock hated the habit people had of repeating themselves; it proved how stupid and slow they were. John liked to repeat words (another facet of his particular slowness). “I need to get to the house. The killer still lives there. Oh, and he also caused all the other incidents at the scene. The one murder and the suicides.” He flapped his hand in a gesture of dismissing that fact as not as important.
Nevertheless, arguing about the possibility of human consciousness remaining intact after death was quite far from Sherlock's mind right then. There was a black void in the wall a small distance forward. That could only mean one thing and Sherlock rushed forward to prove his hypothesis.
“Hey, are you all right?” he asked quietly, hand still on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezing lightly. “I know your brain hurts, I can see it. Do you want me to-” he paused, frowned, “-to put you to sleep for a while?”
“I saw a lot of inexplicable things in Afghanistan,” John replied, following him. “Out of which the man was only one. The cruelty of war is far more-”
“Mind PALACE,” Sherlock snapped out of reflex, looking around. They were sat in a booth in an otherwise empty diner. The waitress sat behind the counter, reading a book (An Introduction to Sociolinguistics, 6th edition, Wardhaugh), and everything was washed down with white lights. “For God's sake, John.”
“So then I spoke to Julia. She explained that in exchange for not getting to be the maid of honour for Maria, Maria had promised she could pick the bridesmaids' dresses, and that now she'd taken that promise back, because Maria is, and I quote, ‘a selfish bitch.’ She left the dinner table right after Maria did and went to her room. Her room has a view of the backyard and she spotted her mother taking the dog out for a walk some time later. Maybe two hours.” John sighed and closed his notebook. “So none of them saw anything or heard anything. The dog was just gone the next morning.”
Sherlock rested his forehead against the mirror and clutched at the sink harder, hands tingling with oncoming numbness. The sound of the shower had turned to comforting white noise and steam billowed up from the tub to fill the small room.
“Oh, thank- This is the jam from home, Sherlock,” John sighed. “My jam. You brought me my own jam as a gift. Thoughtful.”
It was difficult for him to see the whole of human faces, not because he had prosopagnosia but because he tended to hyperfocus on the minutiae of everything he saw. Micro-expressions became visible, but the macro-entity became blurred. Still pictures were easiest because eventually the flow of information stopped. Even so he enjoyed watching John's face very much, every tiny twitch and thought that crossed his features.
An odious surprise awaited Sherlock at Baker Street: a gangly and doughy ginger in his sitting room. Mrs Hudson had been keeping him company and for that at least Sherlock was grateful. The expression on his brother's face was pricelessly annoyed while trying to maintain composure. Upon demanding Mrs Hudson why she'd even let Mycroft in and not informed Sherlock she shrugged and blithely said “I'm not your secretary” and left the room.
At that point Sherlock grabbed John and hugged him close, rubbing his back and arms vigorously. “You're going into shock,” he said.
“No,” he verbalised upon further questioning. His voice, though distorted by the mono sound system of the security office, was noticeably more reedy than it had been earlier. The voice of an old man.
“Hnng!” Sherlock twitched. John could infuriate him from torpor to full-on rage with one question. OF COURSE he was awake and OBVIOUSLY he couldn't just say yes because his tongue was laying in his mouth like a dead and uncomfortably hot fish that tasted of blood and anaesthesia and was incapable of any more complicated motor functions than flopping about.
But none of that was really the problem. Lying there Sherlock could only think of two things: 1) he wanted John, 2) he wanted interesting cases. Not necessarily in that order. Or even separately. He had both of those things to a degree, but not to the degree he wanted them. The fact remained that he loved being obsessed and John allowed him that, even when it came to being obsessed with John. Even when it came to being obsessed with cases first.
John was waiting for him when he clattered back and no words were exchanged as they got their coats and John put on that damned cap with a slight eyebrow raise at Sherlock, who narrowed his eyes but said nothing. It was John's prerogative to make himself look ridiculous if he so wished, but Sherlock wouldn't be caught dead in that damned ear-hat, the legacy of which still plagued him.
“Bit early for a drink,” Sherlock mentioned, but then moved on immediately. John liked a bit of drink, but not in a quantity that was bothersome. “What do you know about bookbinding?”
John activated his ‘translating Sherlock’ mode by glancing at Sherlock and then looking at Lestrade. “I think he needs you to be the token voice of authority on the scene so he can terrorise everyone with permission. Not that he needs permission.” The last was added hurriedly and Sherlock nodded in approval. John had got the gist of it, particularly the last part.
This was the type of together-being that Sherlock preferred. They were in the same room, but not in each other's spheres. If communication became necessary, it was easily achieved, and he was able to keep an eye on John, just to stay aware. John never noticed; Sherlock was awash in the sea of noticing. Right then he had made note of how painful swallowing was on his tongue and how the hot soup made the wound burn. It was unpleasant. Pain was unpleasant. He had once wanted to experiment with different types of pain, but while physical pain was easy to come by, he hadn't been able to think of anything that would give him convincing mental anguish.
Three weeks. Three painful weeks. No cases, limited movement, limited vocabulary (no apical consonants), boredom upon tedium, insult to injury,
It was John, if anyone, that would be good, if Sherlock believed in such a thing. He didn't believe people were bad either, he didn't need to believe in people, they existed, it was confirmed, and their actions spoke very clearly of their lack of goodness or morals or whatever it was they were supposed to have. They were irrelevant, psychological experiments had shown people could throw out their morals and beliefs like rubbish if they wanted to, or the right situation was provided for them to forget them. Gain to oneself was the backbone of morality.
“Someone strangled him. Except no one was there,” Lestrade finished quickly. “The bruises just appeared and he just died.”
“Let's go,” Sherlock said. He grabbed a metal lid and put it over the fire, leaving them in the dark, with only the phone's light feebly shining behind boxes and shelves. They began the long walk towards it.
John faffed about a bit, then sat back down, gave Sherlock a confused look, picked up his laptop and proceeded to finish his typing (reply to the money client). “I'll go out tomorrow and meet with Mrs Bertram about the case, and then check up with Lestrade about the yellow wall-paper woman. And, yes-,” he raised his hand in Sherlock's direction, “yes, I know you could do all of this with both your tibias and fibulas shattered and your femurs shot up into your torso, but you're not going to. You're going to stay home and try to keep from falling over or being attacked.”
Sherlock huffed. Not that he COULD say anything even if he wanted, but he could certainly THINK it at John. Sleeping in close proximity to dogs and cats could put a person at risk of contracting a zoonotic disease or infection.
Sherlock shone the light through the hole. “I'm coming down there,” he said. It wasn't a rational choice. The odds were he would have been better off without getting them both wet in a hole under the ground where there was no guarantee of an exit. It wasn't rational, no, but he could still rationalise it. John was down there. John had no light. John was at risk of hypothermia. It was an impairment of reason that led to cognitive dissonance, but he felt his (their) chances of survival were better together.
Sherlock had rarely felt panic or even outright fear. And he knew, somewhere in his rational brain, that the fear and paranoia he felt now resulted from the ingestion of the psilocybin and the unsettling old woman. And he seldom considered anyone or anything unsettling but this (she) made him very ill at ease.
“Would you know if I wasn't myself?” Sherlock asked after chewing down a piece of the unrecognisable food. They were sat in their chairs, with the coffee table having been pulled between them. John was having a drink.
“John!” Sherlock interrupted him, leaning forward in his chair and scowling at him. “I didn't say it was possible, I said it was what she
Out of the two he preferred arsonists. Pyromaniacs had a psychological problem which made them predictable. Arsonists were at the heart of human nature; they were about gain. The distinction was very important, but not everyone knew to make it. Perhaps stupidity was a dominant feature in the human gene pool, and intelligence a recessive one. The thought made him shiver. Clever people would be out-bred by the idiots. Eugenics would solve so many problems.
“Mind explaining… anything?” John leaned his chin on his hand, idly spinning his mobile in his other hand. A habit learned from Sherlock (gratifying). “Anything at all?”
Sherlock detested people who had more money than sense, but in all fairness he also detested people who had more sense than money. He was an equal-opportunity detester of people.
“Could've fooled me.” John helped him sit up and pushed the cane into his hand. “Get up, we've overstayed our welcome, and there's a case to finish.” He paused, studying Sherlock's face for a moment. “And then we will get something to eat.”
“What?” John said, turning to look. He'd been rather quiet since they'd left the scene of crime. “Whose motto?”
“Is that- That's his esophagus?” he asked, glancing at Molly who nodded and then shrugged to say that she didn't know why it looked like that. Sherlock gave it a glance, noticing how large and distended it was, just a pipe straight into the stomach.
Such words of curse! Money! Easy! How was Sherlock to bear the agitation of being so patronised. He put the bowl of soup that he hadn't finished on the coffee table and crossed his arms, glaring at the ceiling.
“That's nice.” John was making that face, the ‘don't be so morbid’ one. Sherlock was an expert on decoding John's face, but he was also an expert at catching micro-expressions on anyone's face, he made a living out of details, after all.
They both hesitated, John because he didn't want to mess up official evidence and Molly because she wanted to tell them to stop. For a few seconds neither of them moved so Sherlock had to look up at them. “What?” he demanded. “Hurry up.”
About halfway to Baker Street he realised that John wasn't in the cab. He took out his phone and texted him.
Sherlock glanced over John who was still buried between the pillow and blanket with his back to Sherlock. They didn't cuddle. Or kiss goodnight. Those seemed like activities that were more trouble than they were worth. Sherlock reached over and touched John's hair. It had begun to turn from an oatmeal colour to more silvery and it was fascinating.
“Right. They're here somewhere.” Lestrade flipped through the papers. “Got an idea, then, Sherlock? We could use an idea.”
“Erectile dysfunction,” John countered, working his way down Sherlock's sides with a look of concentration.
“Hnng,” John grunted. Sherlock knew he disliked lifts. It wasn't tactically sound to corner oneself like that.
Sherlock's brain throbbed with the effort of moving his thoughts through the air into John's head. MOVE, he thought. Separate targets, John! She can't shoot in two directions at once.
“What tipped you off?” Sherlock looked at John again, carefully picking up the hand from the opened esophagus. It was his deduction also, from the abnormalities in his gastrointestinal tract. The rest of him seemed fairly normal, or within normal limits. He always liked to hear what other people could deduce, John in particular. Most people didn't even try when he asked, knowing they'd most likely be met with derision when Sherlock told them they were absolutely wrong (but then they always were wrong, it wasn't his fault they were utter idiots).
“Sherlock,” John said. “What'd she do to you?” Consternation was obvious in both his words and body language. The sitting room was still dark but there was a light on in the kitchen and John was back-lit again. Fretful wisps of dust flowed around him and Sherlock was reminded of the vortices of steam around Alice. But there was no rain this time, no thunder, just John quickly licking his lips and faint telly noise from Mrs Hudson's.
“You can't grade impossibility, either it is or it isn't,” Sherlock muttered. John wasn't keeping with any known pattern of relationship progress, either, and it bothered Sherlock. He had become accustomed to using John as a gauge for the natural progression of everything.
“Yes, brilliant,” John supplied, elbowing him out of the way with a glare. “And I'm going in first.” He lit his torch and pulled out his gun, releasing the safety, before Lestrade (also standing there) had time to argue, and crouched into the passage hidden by the hatch.
Sherlock had sat on a saddle chair while Molly spoke and had begun idly propelling it around its axis, watching the familiar scenery of the lab swim by on each revolution. Of course the key was in the report. Molly was thorough. He was beginning to realise he wouldn't be able to solve this case (though realising that didn't make it any less palatable to swallow). There was nowhere to go except to Mycroft and that was a route Sherlock wasn't ready to consider. He should let this one go, shouldn't he? He and John were both safe. That was important, too. Wasn't it?
“Where do you usually place it?” John asked, knowing it was what Sherlock wanted to know, but was too annoyed to voice. When Sherlock was annoyed enough everything that came out of his mouth was an insult and apparently that was to be avoided during cases with panicky older women.
John had turned off the torch (no point to give anyone a spot to aim for) and was looking down, arms relaxed at his sides, breathing evenly. He was readying himself. Sherlock had seen this happen before and he knew what sort of action John was capable of if given a reason. Safety (particularly Sherlock's) was always a reason.
They took the stairs twice despite there being lifts and ended up on the second floor. From a small lounge-like area Sherlock could look down two corridors leading to the residential wings of the building. Suite numbers were noted at the beginning of each corridor (301-306 and 306-310). The driver turned left and Sherlock followed him to a door of dark lacquered wood and a brass number of 310 on it. The driver knocked.
The thing that brought Sherlock out of his translating frenzy was John's hand on the back of his neck, a touch that was possessive and intimate at the same time. “All right?” John asked, looking over Sherlock's shoulder but not expressing any real interest in the translation. So he hadn't been kidnapped after all.
“She hit her head against the wall, on purpose, but she was still lucid enough to think it hurt too much to try and kill herself that way so she did it only once or twice.”
“I can tell by your expression you want to kill me again.” John smiled (but he was not condescending or unkind, just John, smiling because he was relieved, which was even more annoying) and let Sherlock grab the glass and hold it up himself. “If you recovered the Top Gear power lap times, you can text me, or you can tell me later.” He had sat on the edge of Sherlock's bed and now reached his mobile from the bedside, handing it over. “You shouldn't strain your tongue too much in the first few days so if you absolutely need to be a complete dick, do it without speaking, okay?”
He marked the route of damp streets and darkening night in his brain and was only slightly surprised when the car stopped in front of a what seemed to be a manor house in faux-Victorian style quite a bit outside of Greater London. The grounds were lit and a few people were walking about on the kept gravel paths between hedges and decorative trees (with the beginnings of new leaves already appearing) despite the weather that was heavy with the promise of rain. Two elderly women in wheelchairs were parked outside on the porch by the main door, which was glass and automatic, very unlike the rest of the architecture. It seemed he'd been brought to an assisted care home of some sort. For wealthy people. Interesting.
“I assume no ransom demand means something,” John was saying, watching Sherlock for cues. “Power play?”
There was a piece of wall-paper loose now and Sherlock put away the knife, taking out his magnifier instead, peering at the wrong side. “It's been re-used,” he said, mostly for John's benefit. “This wall-paper was stripped from the house Mr Gosbeck was hired to renovate and was re-used in these rooms.”
“Sorry?” Molly said then. Sherlock didn't stop pushing the chair around but looked at Molly when she crossed his field of vision. “You said something.”
How imprecise! Not ‘does your mouth hurt?’ (which it did) or ‘is it your foot?’ (which it was), just ‘are you in pain?’ Did the question include mental pain? What could possibly be the answer to a question like that?
“I'm not with the police, why did you contact me?” Sherlock asked although he had a fairly good idea of the why. He was clever enough to understand the science and detached enough to appreciate the science without making a scene about the process.
“She drugged me,” Sherlock told him. That was all he was certain of, considering there'd been blood tests confirming the presence of at least two substances.
“I was thinking of you,” Sherlock said. He was fairly certain people liked to hear that. Although a lot seemed to depend on the facial expression when saying it.
“I've got gloves on, for God's sake,” Sherlock replied, his moment briefly disturbed. “Have I ever left any prints?”
He crawled along on the floor, with John keeping watch. There was a path. No single footprints. Someone had been here several times, back and forth, and quite recently. He gestured to John and pointed at a dark grey door, stepping aside for John to do his thing. John nodded, stood to the other side of the door, and counted down with his fingers.
“On my- here,” she said, walking over to her dressing table, then sitting on the stool with a groan and leaning her forehead on her right hand. Her left hung limply in a sling. She had been greatly affected by the death of her husband in a recent car collision and the stress had accumulated until the fact her things moved around on their on in her house had caused her to contact the police. But since nothing was missing—only misplaced—they hadn't had much of an interest (or budget).
John seemed encouraged by this and went over. “Hello again, Mrs… Haversham, was it?” At her nod he continued. “Would you mind if I got him a glass of water?” he asked, pointing at Sherlock who was leaning against the mailboxes now, not admitting that he was exhausted and in pain.
At that the waitress left hastily and fortified herself behind the counter again, giving Sherlock haunted looks.
“What-” John started again, this time with annoyed disbelief. “Sherlock, that's impossible. It must've been the drugs-”
“I know,” Sherlock agreed with a little grin despite John's sarcasm. His life really was charmed. Not everyone ended up on a secret society interest list. He'd been on a few, including some governmentally sanctioned ones. Both MI5 and MI6 had requested he join them as an intelligence asset but he'd declined because he didn't want political interests to dictate his actions.
John gave him a look, but set to work, creating a slice in the fence that allowed them to slip inside. The place wasn't a priority site so there were no cameras, or if there were, they'd probably already been sabotaged by the killer. Sherlock set off towards the building, intent on finding a side door. The place had electricity; there were a few flood lights set out, most likely linked to the grid through the building. There were no external generators.
“A haunting,” he said. “Mycroft wants us to see a man about a haunting in his house. Well, a corpse inside a locked room.”
He felt John's eyes on him and turned his head a fraction to look at him. John's face was still obscured by the light shining behind him so Sherlock couldn't see his expression clearly. It made his stomach churn suddenly and he struck across John to turn the light towards the wall. John leaned back to let him but also put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
It was a damp morning. Overcast. It had rained. The ground was now a soggy mess from all the people churning it with their feet. The top of Sherlock's coat was damp as well. The crate was damp—from the outside. It hadn't been there long because the wet hadn't gone through the porous wood of the crate yet. It was in the middle of a path. Had it been intended to be dragged further along into the copse of woods? A single person had brought it, someone who'd overestimated their strength and abandoned the crate and its sad occupant when it became obvious it was stuck in the mulch.
“If I had, do you think asking that question would help?” Sherlock fitted his thumb into the little indentation under John's nose, making John frown.
That was John. More worried about losing a soldier than seeing a ghost. Or whatever people liked to call these energy manifestations that were clearly around, but yet people actively ignored them and denied their existence. The human mind was such a hive of paradoxes. It was fascinating.
“And now it is?” she asked quietly. She didn't get disappointed the same way John did, there was no aggression, just a deep and quiet coldness. And sorrow.
“Uh huh,” John nodded, not looking. “How did he force that hand down his throat?” He was looking at the man's face. “His mouth's torn at the corners, I guess that's how. He choked to death because he couldn't swallow it. That's a terrible- a terribly specific way of dying. Choking to death on a severed hand. How did he even come across it?”
He didn't as much look under the bed as shove one of his crutches under it and pull out whatever he could. He managed to fish out a collapsed tower of old medical journals and a battered suitcase that was light enough to be moved by his attempts. It wasn't locked (and again, even if it had been) so Sherlock took it to understand it was something he was allowed to and practically meant to look into. He managed to sit by it on the floor despite his numerous and irritating injuries and threw it open.
“‘A Design to Kill,’” John said, pleased with himself. “Because she was an interior designer, you see, and the wall-paper had an evil design.”
“I'm tired, John,” he said. He knew what to do to get back to Baker Street, but he didn't want to do it. “Everything is too mundane and banal. It makes me tired.”
“The water ripples,” Sherlock said. “Could you hear the water hitting something solid somewhere, like a wall?”
“I have a theory,” Sally Donovan was standing on the other side of the box, looking at Sherlock. This type of interruption was the reason why John was invaluable. He was a social buffer.
“Don't use me as a crutch when you want a nap,” Sherlock mumbled, but he was boneless and slack and there was comfort in what John was offering. He didn't resist when John got up and pulled him up as well by his arms, then wrapped one arm around Sherlock's middle while snatching up his uneaten Jaffa cake and popping it in his mouth.
“I'm on my way.” Sherlock had already gained his feet and went to grab his coat. The manuscript and its inscrutable contents could wait. At least a little while. The murder of a murder suspect took precedence.
“Let me repeat myself, you're a bag of dicks,” John replied, rustling the paper. It was clear he wasn't reading it but using it as a deflective device. “I got you the name and address of the person who originally rented that locker while you were busy leaving.”
“Because your mind is extremely strong and I needed something to lower its defences and to smooth the transition,” Alice replied serenely. Her face was barely a face any more, just three black holes in a pale oval. “It's an entheogen as you know, it induces spiritual experiences. It works so well for spiritual transposition.”
“We might?” The light went out. “Not sure I want to spend that much time here. Without a hazmat suit.” The last was added in a mutter, but it was quiet enough inside the house for Sherlock to hear it clearly.
But John. He wouldn't be the same without John. Not any more. He would be worse without John. That thought was full of pain, as far as he was able to tell what was psychological pain. It was unsettling. And it was all John's fault.
“You're still not on about that, are you?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, looking up the address John had gotten on Google Maps. It was outside London proper, looked like a bigger property. He dropped his mobile into his lap and steepled his fingers under his chin. So. Someone had forged an old manuscript, someone who had access to the original (now on the desk behind Sherlock), perhaps the same someone whose cut-off hand had suffocated a strange, tattooed man who could eat anything and everything. Was it also the hand of the man who had rented the lockers? Mr Ljuga, first name initial V.
“Right, of course,” John said, shifting away behind the light for a bit. He came back with a glass of water and helped Sherlock sit up. “Here.”
“Just because you're not afraid of it, doesn't mean it can't happen,” John retorted calmly. “Show me your tongue.”
It had been four excruciatingly boring days. The stitches had come out, but the blasted soft cast was still haunting Sherlock. He lay prone on the sofa (yes, John, foot elevated), trying to contain the sheer volume of tedium he was feeling in the cardigan he'd borrowed from John. John had been working with Lestrade, helping with identifying the people from the tanks. Some had been long dead, some were still alive. They still had no idea where the special rooms had been built, but an investigation was ongoing, no doubt.
“I continue to choose you,” he said, flipping to the next page of the binder. He kept his voice quiet and his attention on the treasure of information in his hands. Perhaps one day he would cease to choose John but it wasn't today and it wasn't because a somewhat unstable doctor of quantum physics wanted to vibrate people in and out of time (even though time travel was mathematically possible).
“Not the dark,” John said, voice low. “I couldn't see the dark, but the things I could hear in it...”
“Assuming it had anything to do with the key, assuming it was Ljuga's hand, assuming he lives here at all,” John snorted. “I know what you're trying to do, stop it.”
What brought Sherlock back to himself was his legs giving out from under him. His ribcage caught him on the sink and his forehead smashed into the mirror. The pain, although uncomfortable, was enough to ground him. He wiped condensation off his face (no blood, mirror unbroken) and took a breath filled with steam, wet and heavy. He pushed off the sink and staggered to the door. Opening the door caused an indraught of cold air which made him shiver and his skin erupt in goosebumps. Even his hair was damp from the steam.
She showed no sign of surprise or sorrow at his question. “Why do you think I killed him?” she asked instead, moving her cup around on its saucer.
“John,” he said. “The corpse has been removed from Barts, along with everything found in it or on it, and Molly's autopsy report deleted and destroyed.”
“That isn't clever, that's obvious, and I refuse to answer.” Sherlock let the cold pack from his face fall off to the floor, crossed his arms and attempted to make a cup of tea float over to him with the powers of his mind, which he knew were formidable and thus the world should have bent to his will.
“What's the fun in telling?” Sherlock shrugged and examined his nails. John slept with a small red night-light plugged into a socket. It gave just enough light for things to be discernible, but naturally it didn't rob one of their night vision (and it didn't disrupt melatonin production).
Sherlock inhaled sharply. He'd missed something. He felt John touch his elbow, an unspoken question, John knew him too well, saw too much. Lestrade was giving the lady platitudes. She had said something momentous. One ten thousandth of Sherlock's brain was marvelling at Lestrade's ability to simply not listen what was being said. Observing didn't stop when someone opened their mouth.
“No, you really aren't,” John muttered. He didn't speak further on the subject and Sherlock could tell from the expression of worry on his face he was trying to digest what Sherlock had said.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and then regretted it. “Yes, of course. Many times. With everything. Is this the sort of question I'm to expect from you?”
He wasn't doing it because the girl had cried (particularly not because of that), or because she'd asked, or even because John had made a threatening face, but because he'd calculated that (seemingly) accepting the case would make her go away faster and get John off his back (so to speak). He had no intention of having anything to do with the whole thing whatsoever.
Sherlock had decided on a different course on caring than Mycroft because of John. It was all right, even desirable, to let OTHER people care. It made them predictable. It had made Sherlock's stumble of faith possible in front of the killer's gun. He knew what John was capable of, but more than that, he knew what John was willing to do, and most importantly, he knew for whom John was willing to do almost anything. Because John cared. It was useful and satisfying, and it was something amazing.
"What was that?" he asked. Sherlock seamed to tens up for a moment before he took notice on John's easy tone and smile.
"Food is unnecessary" came the reply spoken in a deep voice still covered in sleep. Another shiver went down John's spine but he didn't give in.
"Just tea and toast for me John!" he called out. As said man left the room Sherlock laid there a couple of more minutes taking everything in before he sat up and stretched his body. His muscles hurt a bit but the pain was more a pleasant hum that told him they had been well used yesterday. Swinging his legs over the edge of the bed he padded over to the toilet snatching up another dressing gown on the way. When he had finished his business he headed to the kitchen to find that John already put food on the table. John really could cook but he seldom did it claiming that it was unhygienic to do so in a kitchen with Sherlock's experiments in it.
"Who does he think he is fooling," Q comment as he watched Sherlock reach the top of the stair, mumble something to the doctor and slowly leading him back in the direction of Sherlock's bedroom with a hand lightly placed in the small of Watson's back.
"Before, then we lived together you took care of me. And I let you. Now could you let me take care of you and Amalia?" Sherlock's words stunned John and all he could manage was a slow nod.
"I didn't really mind. In fact you are most welcome to repeat the performance" he said. Now that wasn't any of the 48 possible outcomes that Sherlock had deducted. The combination of John and all surprises he had this evening shortcut the detective’s brain so all he managed to say was:
"Stand down 007, 006, this does not concern you," Q ordered his eyes never leaving the screen there he went through all the security and trackers he had placed.
"Even so 007 is known for not listening to anyone, but then again I shouldn't be too surprised Doctor Watson lives with you after all," Q said also watching the two men with a fascinated look in the eye.
"Of course I can, a normal one but we train our agent not too and unfortunately for this situation 006 and 007 is the best. I would want to seriously injure them," Q snorted.
Sherlock wasn't the only one who made observations at 221B Baker Street, John did too. His was mostly just not as exciting as Sherlock's, but lately some of his observations had gotten his attention. An example of this were that every Friday Sherlock took an early shower, washed and styled his hair, made a ruckus going throw his wardrobe, packed a duffel bag and left. He didn't get back until 3-4 am the next morning and by Saturday evening they had more money on their bill account. This pattern was only changed by cases. At first the doctor didn't pay it any mind, the detective did have a strange set of habits, but one night he decided to follow his flat mate. The main reason was that he was pissed at him. Earlier that week Sherlock had interrupted his date, gotten himself hurt and left discussing experiment in the kitchen again. So when Sherlock swooped out of the flat John had quickly put his novel down and followed him. Luckily for him, on Fridays Sherlock apparently walked. He followed his friend through London to the parts that were frequented by party people and students. The chase became easier now, since John wasn't exactly unaware of this area. After a while Sherlock slipped through the backdoor of a building called "Mercus". In John's time that building had hosted a rather crappy but cheap bar, now it seemed to be some kind of fancy club with dance shows. The doctor circled the club a couple of times to make it less obvious that he was stalking his flat mate. He didn't think spotting Sherlock inside would be very hard, like seriously that man was ridiculously tall, not to mention that face with those cheekbones..... Realizing his thought had spun off in clearly of limits lines John shook his head and entered. The first thing that he noticed was the music. He had never heard something like that before. The song had a clear beat and somehow managed to be both sensual and sexy at the same time. The next thing he saw was the stage. Well he was right, Sherlock wasn't hard to spot.
“They would be in danger of Amelia tearing them down,” he settled for. Their father sighted and turned to James.
"Beatrice have cleaned it up a bit," Sherlock said gesturing to the folders that had been given their own shelf over the desk. John snorted as he begun to read the titles - it was a nice sound to hear. John hadn't laughed like that for a long time. This trip had been a good idea. John was already looking more relaxed - the sight of John rocking back in the chair with a small smile on his face made a warm feeling spread in Sherlock's chest which he refused to classify.
"What are you doing here freak?!" Sighting John broke a quarter from his scone and handed it to the pissed woman.
"I had forgotten how much I hated university gossip" he muttered as he reached the consulting detective. Said man just hummed and slipped his arm around John's hips.
"I would never experiment on you in that manner; you are far too precious for me to do that." Sherlock said determent.
"Dull but mummy enjoys it. Tell me more." John smiled a thin smile. People who thought Sherlock didn't care were dumb and blind.
"Let me take that," Sherlock said putting a hand on John's shoulder and freeing Amalia's diaper bag from him with the other.
"What do you want?" was the only answer he got, the temptation to slam his head in the table grew. John took a deep breath and straightened up his shoulders (here goes nothing).
Being in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes was weird. It shouldn't really be a surprise but the sudden switch between detective and boyfriend kept John on his toes. One moment Sherlock was rattling of deductions and the next he was kissing John's hair sweetly. It was weird but John wouldn't have it any other way. This was his Sherlock, his partner. Right now they were in a cab hands linked together on their way to one of the fancier acting school in London (John wasn't sure if the name but it was Royal something). The cab was starting to slow down and John gazed over at the man next to him. Sherlock was as beautiful as usually half long curly hair surrounding his sharp face which now was showing signs of big concentration. Before he could stop himself he leaned over and placed a small kiss on Sherlock's lips. Said man seemed surprised at first but then smiled, put a hand on the back of John's neck and pulled him down for a proper kiss. All too soon a female voice broke throw the snogging.
The door wasn't locked (and even if it had been, Sherlock wouldn't have cared) so Sherlock moved right in. He stopped briefly in the doorway and breathed in, eyes flicking around in all the little details of a lived-in room. Things were folded, the bed was made in military style, the gun was in the top drawer of the bedside table, the overhead light was dim (a low-watt bulb), there was no mirror or desk, just the bare minimum for sleeping and dressing. Much like John himself, the bare minimum was visible, and all the interesting bits were hidden or not in plain view, like his left-handedness.
The victim's bloodwork had revealed high cortisol levels (indicating stress and possibly fear) as well as trace amounts of hyoscine or scopolamine (indicating the victim had been sedated or possibly medicated against nausea). There was no sign of other intoxicants or drugs or of sexual assault. A few antemortem bruises on her wrists and ankles, already weeks old, meaning she had probably been bound for a while around her kidnapping.
Sherlock realised he'd been standing on the side of the road, gesticulating and arguing wildly with an imaginary John. “Yes, I'm fine,” he snapped. “What do you want?”
“Yes, and avoiding the question,” Sherlock said. He was staring at John's face, trying to bore into his head with his eyes. Epidermis, dermis, hypodermis, procerus muscle, periosteum, compact bone, endosteum-
John did exactly that, acting as a crutch for Sherlock to lean on, slowly shuffling them into his bedroom, then leaving him there with a glass of water and a bottle of tablets. Sherlock listened to John proceed through his evening rituals and finally climb upstairs (each step of the stairs was recognisable by different creaks) leaving Sherlock to design the violation of his house arrest he was about to undertake the next day.
-but then he was reaching for nothing with a dry and wilted hand. He saw himself standing on the other side of the table. Disorientation and anxiety washed over him with the endless bass-booms of the thunder. “No,” he croaked again with unfamiliar vocal cords, with a body that barely drew breath. He reached for himself (Alice?) and fell forward out of the wheelchair when the legs of this waning frame didn't carry his weight at all.
“You should come have a look,” John sighed at the other end of the line. He knew murders had the potential to become the best cases just as well as Sherlock did but still refused the happiness.
“It's not real,” he muttered. He'd only had a sip of the tea. How much psilocybin and/or ketamine could he have ingested from just that? Not enough to last an hour, certainly not enough to last for days.
“Any ideas so far?” John asked. “I also took a look around the house. Mrs Bertram and her husband, who's away on business, sleep in separate rooms. There's a connecting door that's not locked and a bathroom on the other side. The bedroom's on the second floor and there really wasn't anything anyone could use to climb in through the windows. There's an alarm system that goes on automatically at 10pm, and no one heard or saw anything. There weren't any small holes or corners where the dog could've fit, and they'd all searched the house several times.”
, “to bewitch, enchant”) was a word Sherlock had carefully chosen for this particular context. He strove to communicate precisely and effectively although often it seemed it was an effort well wasted. The sheer inadequacy of trying to communicate something accurately by creating vibrations in the air for another to receive aurally was often frustrating and led Sherlock to give up trying to describe his experience with anything because people (John) were unable to relate to it on an almost daily basis.
“I'll live,” John replied, from which Sherlock inferred that the fire had helped but John had trouble according him the gratitude he deserved for creating it. Sherlock could understand it because of simple causal relations: he was the cause why they were there in the first place.
Sherlock nodded. “But the human body isn't a single entity, how can you reach a distinct quantum stage on a macroscopic level?”
“Do you need a hand?” John asked the girl, reaching towards her, but that was when she pulled out her mobile. It was also pink and set with rhinestones. A small object on a piece of cord was attached to it, and it seemed to be in the shape of a tiny high-heeled shoe.
“You got a pretty special personality so yeah, I think so,” John replied. He was running his forefinger along the rim of his glass while holding it. “It's happening right now.”
For a split second Sherlock felt like he was falling and his whole body jerked. His heart lurched almost painfully and he gasped, suddenly needing to breathe faster. He lifted his hands and looked at them but they were his hands. Familiar. A small scar on the back of his left thumb, the fingerprint burned off his right forefinger and middle finger.
Sherlock continued walking, having adjusted his route to head to the hospital instead of the tip. “You've seen an inexplicable phenomenon in Afghanistan, with the dying man. Most people say seeing is believing.”
“The wall is about 2.5 metres high,” Sherlock said, walking along it. “Not impossible to scale.” Though of course the brick exterior was quite smooth and didn't offer much in the way of hand or footholds. John was of enough height and strength to work as a stepladder if needed. Still, it was more likely there'd be a back gate.
However, it didn't make John's argument make any more sense to Sherlock and he didn't really like John thinking he was that special (even if he was, obviously) because John loaded it with expectations that Sherlock never met. Not because he actively avoided meeting them, but because they originated from the hope that he'd suddenly transform into the idol John had placed on some sort of pedestal. It struck him John viewed him in much the same way as he did the whole of humanity—with a disappointed hope they'd see what they were capable of instead of wallowing in the worst of their nature.
Sherlock had been with John and Arthur Gibson this morning. Unless the impossible was possible and the improbable was probable. “You bankrolled Gibson's experiments. How'd you kill him?”
“Need to analyse this,” Sherlock muttered, pointing out the substance under the nails to John, then he tried to open the fist. “I think the hand's glued shut.”
Was he relieved? Was he angry? Frustrated? He couldn't answer any of the questions. He wasn't even sure he could
He paused, vindicated, listening to the silence that John radiated, then turned. Being mean at John was gratifying, though sometimes, briefly, Sherlock felt bad about it.
“Go ahead, I need to finish my breakfast,” John informed Sherlock in return, but he was no longer combatively displeased.
“He wasn't worth it,” he said seriously and was gratified to see her start slightly. “And switch to natural sciences, no one likes human arts students.”
Sherlock ignored that because his attention had been caught by something else. “Where's the manuscript?”
“Shut up!” Sherlock snapped, annoyed by the thought of John's face saying things. Usually John was not a problem on his radar, he could make himself disappear (perhaps he could STOP THINKING), but right now he was a giant issue (and his STUPID FACE).
He had looked in the fridge, the microwave and the kitchen cabinets, he took his time with the bathroom, washing his face and picking out pieces of debris from his hair, and finally on the way out he noted the camera feeds had gone dark. Another team of Scotland Yard's finest was congregated around the computers, furiously trying to track the location of the webcams.
“Seems fresh enough. That means there's an exit that's been used recently, John, and we're going to get out of here,” he explained. Why did he still have to explain things to John. He looked around in the wan light of his mobile, considering the position of the corpse and the possible routes to it. People tended to take the easiest way around and that didn't usually involve climbing over mountains of rubbish that could collapse under them at any time.
Sherlock considered a sullen silence. “Depends on what day it is,” he said then. John was implying he only got the last word because Sherlock was sleep-deprived. It was... kind. Frustratingly so. People who needed kindness were weak, dependent on others. It was only recently he had realised that not everyone else viewed kindness (given or received) that way.
was actually orange. Spray tan. Her lips were pale and her hair was a platinum mess of over-stressed strands, and she was dressed weather inappropriately in a short skirt and heeled boots and a jacket that was as puffy as her eyes.
“Bad,” Sherlock huffed, crawling backwards to get on a sound piece of floor so he could get up. “How insightful. You'll probably get giardiasis, you know. Stagnant water, probably untreated, combination of groundwater and perhaps a pipe leak or break.”
“Yes, and yes, wonder of wonders, but it was a dead end. I resent the implication that you think I'd waste my time chasing someone who can be found by e-mailing them.” Sherlock gave John a cross look and kicked the sodden ex-cold pack off his foot into John's direction, but his aim was off and it landed harmlessly in front of the telly.
So guess who is back?! Yes yes I know it been a year but a lot have happened. But I haven't forgotten you and here is a brand new chapter for you all.
"He was Em long before he was Q," Sherlock said the 'you imbecile' was quiet but well understood. Thankfully a forth voice interfered before a fight could start.
"Thank you," John said ever so politely. He must have been drilled hard into it as child; maybe it was why he made such a good solider.
"....or longer. John seems all worn out. Being on the countryside would maybe let him rest a bit and it would be good for Amalia to have some fresh air too."
Aside from the lacking in leg space the train ride had been great. He and John had had time to talk about what he would be allowed to do. John had been so stubborn in the beginning wanting to do everything by himself, even if it was wearing on him. Why couldn't he see that Sherlock just wanted to help him and accept it? But it had worked out, Sherlock was now permitted to change the diaper, bath, feed and rock Amalia even if it was the middle of the night - of course he was going to more than that as well. He was going to do his share and more of chores and shopping, anything to make it easier for John. The doctor had a little girl to raise after all and she deserved the best childhood possible.
However it was, he was exhausted. He couldn't remember the last time he slept more then a couple of hours in a night. Sherlock had been amazing babysitting Amalia the days he had gone to the clinic to work and even offered to be the one how walked around with Amalia then she woke them in the middle of the night. John had declined. He didn't want to bother his flatmate more then he already did and also he was the father - he needed to do this, take care of his little angel.
"Let me take care of her a bit and go have a nice nap," she suggested as she sat down next to John on the sofa and reached her arms out for the sleeping little girl.
I blame everything on that it is 3 am. Nobody is sane at 3 in the morning. How did this turn into fluff?
"Well shall this overprotective flat mate of yours take you home?" What Sherlock did next surprised him. The detective offered his own arm with the words:
"007 PUT YOUR SHIRT BACK ON!!!" John turned around to see the other man stare at them in a mix of horror, wonder and fascination.
"You got it covered then," he said raising himself from the chair and moving towards the bed. It was reliving to see how easy and natural it had become for John to sleep and change in front of him. They had become a part of each other's life in a way that felt so right and warm.
"I'm a designer. Made it to top of my class this year so I got to do the main leads clothes!" Their eyes light up again as they talked about their work.
"The recommended amount of sleep is 8 hours and we slept just a bit more so I would say that it doesn't matter that much." John groaned and buried his head in Sherlock's collarbone.
"You need to eat more and you didn't say I couldn't put anything on it so I did" then he turned to fix is glare on the detective. "Did you put any experiment in the oven lately?" Sherlock went into the laboratory in his mindpalace and started to flip through the files, nothing about an oven in material.
"Except for the ordinary jealousy for her getting the main lead, it was nothing. Nobody could really stay grumpy with her long." He wasn't going to get out much more from Kim now so he thanked the designer and moved on. While talking to the other students he got more than less the same answers. Vanessa Miricho was a nice girl with a lot of talent, nobody got way she was dating that loser that did nothing of himself just taking small jobs to keep himself floating, she had been working at the cinema where they had found her body, she had a big collection of old movie stuff, the budget was mean, this and that department had no idea what they were doing, how did the professors think they had time for all that homework and so on and so on. Then he finely saw part of his partner’s coat and he quickly said his goodbyes and hurried over.
“We met during a mission in Kabul as I said. He helped me out a bit, he really is a crack shot - I would have him pinned for a sniper not a doctor. Then he preceded to stich me up while he told me exactly what a big idiot I was and asked me if I perhaps had a death wish?”
It took Sherlock exactly 3 seconds to notice that John had entered the room from his place on the stage. The amount of expressions that played over his doctor’s face was so fascinating. First the chin drop in surprise, the once over he gave Sherlock and then the oh so delicious flash of lust in his eyes before he tried to collect himself. 'Oh no we can't have that, can we?' Sherlock thought as he locked eyes with John and with a smirk playing on his lips kicked his leg high up in the air. Knowing exactly how this move showed off his body. The sight of John slumping down in a chair after his knees gave up made satisfaction pool in Sherlock’s stomach as he did a couple of struts forward before stepping apart and dipping down. Then he got up again his dear doctor seemed to have settled down and in his hand was a print of beer. 'He was staying' Sherlock deducted and a warm feeling spread in his chest. The warm increased as John capture his eyes and smiled at him. 'He likes it' his brain helpfully supplied. This was going to be a lovely night.
That was everything to some people. “And others? What do they have to offer?” Sherlock resisted the urge to rub his eyes.
John paused in his chipping process and looked at Sherlock. He didn't look pleased, however, just conflicted.
John had also leaned closer and was sniffing at the air above the chilled corpse. “Smells like open sewage,” he muttered. “Not like a healthy dead man.”
Well, that spelled out why she wanted Sherlock. For the processing power. It was nothing new so he snorted a little. The rain seemed to have reached some extremely heavy and slow spot where thunder kept rolling and the drops hitting the glass sounded like gongs. Alice Waite seemed almost wraith-like in her thinness and paleness.
John just gave him a look. Sherlock was aware that John was somewhat proud of his inability to lie, or the small amount of lies he told, or something to that effect. Sherlock had never bothered to learn what exactly John thought was special in being only able to tell the truth. It was just one more ridiculous thing about him that Sherlock had learned to live with.
John sighed a bit and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “You got into a strange car with a strange man so I followed you.”
“It was a KISS, you bloody fool.” Sherlock scowled. This hadn't gone according to plan. In fact, there'd been NO plan, which was probably the reason. He should've planned. “Stupid!” he snapped out loud, looking away from John. The situation had become chaos, and though he was good at pattern recognition he couldn't find a pattern to fit this.
“Thank you. Can you show us around?” Sherlock remained polite and calm, glad that John trusted him enough to do the same, despite obvious misgivings.
“Did I say something?” Sherlock sipped at his coffee, looking away. He could've just Googled the manuscript like John had done.
They shared the windowless back of the van. Benches had been set on either side and John slumped onto one, with Sherlock sitting next to him more slowly, glaring at the men who closed the van doors. He then put his arm around John and pulled him to his side to share what was left of his body heat.
“Edmund was sure nothing had been out of the ordinary on the night of the disappearance. They'd had dinner, the dog had been present, fed bits of Mrs Bertram's food, as usual. Maria and Julia had been arguing about bridesmaids' dresses. Edmund said he left early because he didn't want to listen to them. That's the last time he saw the dog.”
“I- I'm sure he has an explanation. Sherlock?” John used his calm-down voice and made placating gestures at the woman nearing hysterics.
There was another turn, only to the right this time and he looked down another corridor, with things in such unstable mountains on either side of the scant free space that they created an archway.
“Yes. OBVIOUSLY,” Sherlock said, louder than normal. “You say you've lost the use of your left arm since your husband died in the car collision? And soon after things started moving around the house without you moving them.”
“Absolutely,” Sherlock headed for the door. He hoped John had internalised the rule of 'deny everything, particularly if Mycroft is asking'.
Sherlock didn't bother trying to chat with the driver. He didn't need to ask where they were going since he could easily follow the route with his own eyes through the window. So whoever wanted his presence wasn't afraid to reveal their location, meaning they probably weren't going to stay there for long. No matter. Sherlock understood suspicion and even paranoia, not to mention simple rational behaviour like protecting oneself (protecting others was the tough one to figure out).
“You would've been of no use, I told you already,” Sherlock said simply, ignoring John's pursed lips of disappointment. “The new crime scene was identical to the first. The same wall-paper, a water supply, scratch marks on the walls by the victim. The place was rented off a private person via e-mail, traced to nowhere. The first month on both places had been paid with cash, sent by mail, but no further payments had been made, and no e-mails answered.”
“I'll take that as ‘yes, I understand, do go on.’ I spoke to Maria next. She was... agitated. She wasn't really sorry about the dog being gone. She said she'd seen the dog at dinner, eating off her mother's plate as usual, and her mother paying more attention to it than her wedding plans. She wanted pink and fuchsia bridesmaids' dresses and Julia wanted tan and blue. They asked Mrs Bertram for an opinion, but she'd just told them ‘whatever you want, dears.’ After that Maria excused herself to go ring her wedding planner about the dresses. She says she didn't see her mother or the dog after the dinner.”
Sherlock eyed her and the hairbrush. He thought back to the other items that had been moved. “There is no ghost,” he intoned. “There is no burglar visiting you every night to rearrange your possessions. It's you.”
“It's a pretty bad sprain,” John continued conversationally. He was surprisingly calm even though they'd just found out there were two more victims, these ones still alive. “You must be in pain.”
Sherlock took out his phone and turned on the torch app, looking in past the door. “I think I can squeeze in. There's some sort of a box in the way.”
When it returned, with all of its glorious side-effects, Sherlock was laid on his bed. “John!” he said immediately, but his tongue was numb and thick and all that came out was an indistinct noise. His wrist was bound up, his foot was in a cast and propped up on some cushions (Mrs Hudson's best throw pillows, he liked the one with the gold tassels), and his body felt like a led weight at the bottom of the sea. The door was open and he could hear the faint sound of the telly (John liked to have it on for ‘company’).
“Murder?” Sherlock's voice went up a little higher than regular intonation at the end of his questioning word. Murder got him worked up.
Sherlock's open mouth snapped shut because no words were forthcoming. Had John finally had the last word?
“Or sand,” Sherlock said, pulling back a little to look at John. He'd put his phone down on the table and it's light was disappearing into the dark, not providing much actual illumination. Still, even in that meagre light, Sherlock could see John being paler than usual and the way he clenched his jaw to keep from trembling. “Step back,” he said, pushing John away as he grabbed the little vial and held it between his hands to warm it up faster, even if his body didn't have much warmth to share.
“You watched the recording?” John asked instead of getting into another conversation about objectivity.
“Time of death: not that long ago. Last 24 hours. No obvious signs of trauma,” John muttered. Sherlock allowed him casting this wide a net because he trusted John (and liked him). John tended to give Sherlock his first impressions and sometimes they were useful. “She looks familiar…” He had caught the bit with the head.
“Okay,” John said and touched Sherlock's shoulder with his wide and warm hand. “I'll get you something.”
“This way,” Lestrade said immediately upon Sherlock disembarking from the cab and led him south. At least he knew not to waste time. “The box was found approximately three hours ago by-”
He used his massive intellect to deduce what John would want to hear at this point. A concession he didn't usually make, but John was something outside the norm, as well.
The house, when they arrived to see it, had a grand Regency style front. It had the white-painted stucco façade and the black front door framed by two columns. A wrought iron balcony hung above the main door between two tall bow windows. Sherlock took it in with a single glance and clanked up to the door, pressing the first buzzer that happened under his finger.
“Lestrade!” he barked as soon as the man answered his phone. “The house, who owned it before the city bought it? And for how long was it empty? What? No, of course I'm at home. House arrest, I know what it means. That wasn't a car passing by, John's watching Top Gear. At this hour? I don't know why, I don't care to ask. Stop trying to change the subject! Get me the info!” There was no satisfaction of slamming the phone down, only the touching of the red ‘end call’ button.
“Who cares? It's a whole rat I just found in a man's stomach. That's disgusting,” Molly said suddenly (surprisingly), not having been able to dredge up anything else interesting from the stomach of the corpse. Then she continued with something actually unusual: “I think I recognise the tattoos.”
“Ta,” Sherlock said and terminated the call, hopping into his chair. John was leafing through the book.
“Right, so. There's been no ransom demand of any sort, the dog is just gone. She disappeared two days ago when Mrs Bertram was having her afternoon nap. Both of the daughters and the younger son, Edmund, were home at the time.”
,” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes, catching John's wince in his peripheral vision (what, the girl was
The best way to get anyone to talk was to stay quiet and perhaps look at them with a carefully chosen expression that was relevant to the situation. But Sherlock wasn't above a told-you-so. “You were upset at yourself for not caring any more than I did. And then you took it out on me.”
Sherlock swung himself into motion after reading the text (body in a box). They needed transport to get to the location on the northwestern outskirts of London but everything was so inefficient. Distance and time separated him from his desire, making distance and time an annoying liability he only attended to because physics dictated it so. It was a recurring problem he faced. The inability to move as fast as his thoughts, to be nothing but thoughts, a synapse, a vibrating electron- He glanced at John while getting dressed, seeing John's face turned up to him. A precious few things in this physical existence made said physical existence worthwhile but John's rapt attention was one of them.
“I dunno where she is, I wouldn't know what to tell the cops.” The girl burst into fresh tears in the middle of her sentence, making it almost indecipherable. John leaned forwards to offer her the tissues again, giving Sherlock a look. It was a mystery how he could put so many words in one look ('human suffering is far more important than a man who is already dead, be
Lockers. The British Library had lockers in its cloakroom, but they emptied the lockers every day. Excess Baggage ran left luggage services at select train stations and airports, but they used a ticket system, not keys. Sherlock pulled the key ring off the finger carefully, dangling it in the air under the light.
“Want to tell me what happened?” John asked. He spoke softly, but there was underlying tension. A subtle expectancy.
John blinked, then attempted again, taking Sherlock's words as literally as he could (which was a visible effort). “A man... who had... misplaced his sight? He was able to see, but not at the moment because his sight was missing?”
John shuffled back into the sitting room. “Right, then.” He sat down and adjusted the cushions (thinking audibly). “Have you ever been diagnosed? By someone other than yourself?”
“Stone-what?” Sherlock didn't look up from his phone which he'd carried along. Sometimes (arguably rarely) he needed someone to translate to him what other people were on about with their astronomy and geography and garden gnomes (useless AND ugly). Geology, on the other hand, was a completely different matter, and was very useful along with chemistry.
“Greg. You look fresh.” John was mildly amused, mostly sympathetic; Sherlock still refused to believe Lestrade's name was Greg.
“Brilliant,” Sherlock said, taking out his pocket magnifier. He heard John walk over and stand close to him, just brushing his coat. He looked up to see John giving him just the hint of a smile. “Are you happy because he's dead?” he asked loudly to which John gave a sigh in reply and stepped away.
Donovan was outstanding beside a box (approximately 1 square metre in size), looking down at it, at least until they realised Sherlock was approaching the scene with all the subtlety of a train. Lestrade waved him over and Donovan scowled slightly. She disliked Sherlock, but the dislike wasn't mutual. That would have required that Sherlock think of her at all. She was inconsequential to him and Sherlock was aware that she probably knew it, which made her dislike him even more.
"Food is unnecessary" he said pleased how another shiver went through John's body at the sound of his voice. Said man didn't give in tho. They exchange another couple of words, Sherlock expressing his displeasure in leaving the bed. After that he felt the body in his arm tensing and before he had successfully deducted what was going on he was hit by the force of the ex-military Doctor which forced him to roll onto his back. He could still feel said man in his arms but he seemed like he had... twisted? Opening his eyes to check that had happened his eyes met John's deep blue ones.After they had observed each other for a short while John bent down and pressed their lips together. It was pleasant to kiss John, so far their kisses had been on the sweat side but that didn't mean it couldn't be snogging. Pulling away the doctor sat up saddling his hips, a position Sherlock would love for him to repeat in a slightly different mood. But that was for another time it seemed. As John climbed of Sherlock came to the conclusion that it was time to wake up probably and let his brain switch on again.
"So I'm not an experiment. Good. That's good. And the rest is Sherlock for?" Sherlock huffed a bit. Sometimes John could be so slow.
"Sorry Mummy. Trevelyan and Bond was present when I received your email and my reaction caused them some alarm," Q said.
"Happened after the murder.... Someone was in the hurry..... Not planned.... No sign of breaking in..... The bugler had a key..... John go check with the landlady who has the key to this flat! Friends, family, boyfriend, girlfriend, anyone" Being far too used to his flatmate’s (boyfriend, partner or whatever they there now) ways he didn't even bother to reply as he turned around and walked out of the flat knowing that Sherlock had dismissed him in his mind. He went down the stairs knocking on the door labelled 127A (the victim lived in C). The landlady opened at once.
"Yes yes I'm leaving," Angelica said pressing first one kiss to Sherlock's cheek and then one to Amalia's forehead.
The next morning John slowly began to stir as offending rays of light danced over his face. To escape he tried to roll over to his other side but failed. Suddenly he became aware of the solid heat against his back and the strong arms that hugged him tight. In fact his attempt to move only made the arm hug him closer. Slowly the day before started to come back to him: following Sherlock, the dance club, the kisses, going to bed together and his last words before falling asleep. A slow blush started to creep onto his face. He normally wasn't much of the blushing type but this was Sherlock. His wonderfully brilliant flatmate that he, oh better admit it now he thought for himself, that he frankly had a crush on since they first met and it was only growing.
"You seems a bit misinformed, he is Q not M," 007 piped in (really couldn't that man learn when to keep his mouth shut, but then Q wouldn't have nearly as much work as he had).
"Would not think so. He is with me" he snarled at the offending idiots calling after them. At the same time he slipped his arm out of John's, encircled his wrist and pulled him flushed against is side. Realizing what he had done he tensed a bit. What if he had pushed it too far? He looked down on his doctor but said man just smirked, looked up on him threw his pale lashes and snaked his arm around Sherlock’s wrist putting his hand on his slim hip. Sherlock relaxed, he hadn't pushed it too far. He decided he preferred this way of walking. This display didn't have the desired effect, if something it just increased the catcalls. John spoke up for the first time since they left the ally.
"So, let's see what you picked out for me," John said softly. Sherlock turned around and for a moment John could have sworn that a blush crossed his face.
“Go lie down 007, I’m going to make a pot of tea. Good night,” and with those words Q left the room.
"She wasn't asking John. Beside the countryside air could be good for you and Amalia. Giving you a chance the rest and recover" Sherlock said and the doctor had a sudden flashback of being ordered to bed a few hours earlier.
"Will, are you ready to start your show now?" Sherlock stretched up, an extra 3 cm added to his already spectacular height, let his baritone voice drop to a purr as he answered:
That was all I had at the moment but more will come. A big thanks to my beta and amazing friend AlexBSChris she is on here and as soon as I figure out how I will do a link to her. I also exist on tumblr and run the little teahouse as Mandy-Hope-san if you wanna find me. While I been posting this I saw this work had got 14 hits and that makes me superexited. Please let me know that you think. Mandy out. The song mention here is from the TV-show Ally McBeal, called Hooked on a feeling an do not belong to me.
"Pleasure my arse. You only come to me when you have done something illegal and gotten hurt again" John fired back.
Everyone (except Mycroft he has a situation to handel) is gathering up at the Holmes mansion for a relaxing weekend, some things are getting revealed and John is finely letting Sherlock help him.
"I think we should make clear where we stand in..." John stopped helplessly trying to find the words to describe what he and Sherlock were doing. It didn't work very well so he settled for a vague hand gestured between him and the man sitting on the other side of the table.
"More like superior and agent. Remember that I told you my brother was a part of MI6, John?" Sherlock started explaining even if nobody asked him as usually.
As soon as John left the room Sherlock started walk towards the bedroom, his suspected crime scene. He was already done with the living room, the marks on the floor indicated that the bookshelf had been moved often- the hole in the room had stored something the owner took out often and looked at, the movies thrown out everywhere- the bugler knew the area and where to look but not exactly (heard about the thing hidden in the hole but never seen it been taken out? - the bugler was someone the victim trusted and knew? ->possible but not enough data to be sure), the lamp knocked over- the bugler had left in a hurry. The bugler was also most likely male given the foot prints on the shelf where it had been kicked. The bedroom was a completely different thing. The walls were painted in a wonderful shade of blue (almost the same as John's eyes but a bit lighter) and the roof was white. Everything was colourful or beautiful bare woods, the closet was purple with green leaf painted on the doors, the carpet was a play of red, orange, purple and pink, it was a green drawer that contained art supplies, pencils, notebooks, a couple of games and other stuff a uni girl needs, the old fashion timeless wooden bed was neatly made but then he lifted up the blanked he could see that someone had been sleeping there last night. Ah, his conclusion that the victim had been asleep was gaining points. Studying the print on the floor it seemed to match the ones in the cinema. There was also two pair of female footprints - one belonged to the victim and for the other one the landlady? A cleaner? All footprints led to the bed at one point. Then taking a closer look on the ones belonging to the male he saw that then leaving the bed it was heavier on left side- his theory of the victim being murdered here and carried away was more and more likely. He was going through the bathroom when John got back.
“Q, what have I ever done to you to deserve this?” 007 said with an innocent voice who would have fooled almost anyone.
"But it is rather a lot," John protested gesturing to all the baby bags and the two not so small suitcase containing their clothes (babies are messy, one had to change their clothes a lot).
"I promised John never to leave out information concerning our lives again," Sherlock said and before anyone could accuse him of for, God forbid, feelings continued.
"Liked by everyone? Isn't that too good to be true in this business?" Kim swallowed the bait at once, a little charm can do wonders.
"Now you woken him," Sherlock said annoyed handing over the baby girl to Q and arranging his grip to his satisfaction.
"They later on helped my ID the supposed Mary Watson as Rebecca Frost. I'm sorry," he said turning to John.
"I'm too tried to do the math but we really need better sleeping habits." Sherlock hummed and stroke his left hand up and down John's back letting it slip under his vest to find naked skin.
"So this is where you grew up?" 007 asked. The first words they had exchanged since they had met up in the garage in the afternoon and Q had held up his keys and said 'I'm driving' and 007 had nodded.
"Emanuel, but at work they call me Q. I have heard all about you John," Emanuel said with a polite smile.
"Guilty on all charges," The bloody bastard was still smiling like he could charm his way out of this, not that that has ever worked on John.
John woke groggily, for the second time, from his nap this time from a gentle nudging on his shoulder and the sound of his daughters yodelling. The doctor blinked his eyes trying to get rid of the fog in his brain. When his sight focused he saw Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed holding his daughter their shirt respective dress in matching purple. Amalia seemed happy waving her toy around so the bell jingled. Wait purple dress? He could have sworn she wore the blue one a couple of hours ago...
So this was the final chapter of this part. Yes this part, it will be more. Did you really think I could let them go now? The next part is gonna be more case!fic but don't worry it will be plenty of Johnlock too. And besides they still haven't talked about the dancing. Thanks to everyone that have read this, please leave kodus and comment and tell me what you thought about it. Lastly a big thanks to lovely AlexBSChris for being an amazing beta! <3
"Oh yes, his apparently assassin wife left him alone with a teething baby without any warning that do wear on people," Sherlock snarked.
Sherlock was awoken by John's not so kindly elbow in his ribs. After a millisecond to replay yesterday’s events, he wrapped himself firmer around the warm form pressed against his torso. Inhaling the doctor’s familiar scent he pressed his face to the point where shoulder met neck, as he had wanted to do so many times before. Testing how sensitive John was at this particular spot he started to drop small kisses on the skin before him. The experiment had a very satisfying outcome. A shiver went through John's body and Sherlock decided that this had to happen more often. Dully he noticed that John was talking to him, had been for some time, but it had only been a soothing sound that washed over him. Now he focused on it and was able to catch the last of the sentence
"There is no sign of the lock being broken or picked nor is any window showing any sign of being forced open so I was wondering who had the key to Miss Miricho's flat? Family, friends, any romantic partner?" The landlady seemed to think a while before answering.
"Scones?" He asked taking out the small bread. It smelled amazing. Sherlock hummed buttering one up, took a small bite and let out a groan of pleasure.
This is written on my bus-trip to and from school (one hours trip I get board) so it is either early in the morning or late in the afternoon. Ops posted the wrong text first. Fixed now
Sherlock didn't get that, body parts were organic material and John did use meat and that was also body parts. The day to honour John had cooked. On the table there stood two plates with two buttered toasts covered in scrambled eggs (four eggs, salt, pepper and thyme - why thyme it wasn't standard) and a tomato salsa (tomato, red onion, basilica, salt and pepper). There was also a pot of streaming fresh tea.
So what do you guys think? Do I still got it? I already started the next chapter so hopefully i will be up soon. Comments are more than welcomed!
15 minutes later, when John exited the bathroom clad in the clean pants while rubbing his hair dry with a sinfully soft towel, he saw Sherlock laying something down on the bed - the clothes he picked probably. Amalia was lying on the soft play-carpet joyfully tugging on a small plushie-bee's wings.
"Not my own. I had to share with Em. Half of it is mine dedicated to chemistry and half is his focused on computers and engineering. Sometime he drifted over to my part it was a bit annoying he is terribly neat, no idea there he got that from," he finished putting the clothes away, closed the wardrobe and turned around.
"Hello Mrs" he grated the older lady, she was a big lady and her dark skin was enlightened the bright red and orange sari she wore.
That night Sherlock danced for John. He put all his feeling into the well-practiced movement and kept his eyes locked on his doctor. The world slimmed down to just the two of them. Sherlock built a new room in the John wing there he stored how Johns expression depending on which movement he made. It was glorious. About 3 am when he got off the stage his co-workers couldn't hold their question anymore.
The night had been full of surprises for Sherlock, but he still got thrown off the rack then John offered him his arm. Deciding that mockery would be the best response he had offered his own arm. He DID NOT expect John to take it. Not showing his shock he started to walk out of the ally. Thanks God for the etiquette lessons Mummy had forced on him that allowed him to keep his face. Then the shock faded he started to memorising things. He really, really liked having John in his arm. They easily fell into each other's steps, his about 3,42 cm shorter than his usually long strides. He set a low tempo not wanting this to end too soon. John's arm was a warm weight where it was linked with his. Why haven't they done this earlier? It was heavenly. Would John object if he proposed it on another time or was it a onetime only thing? His thoughts were cut short when they rounded the corner and hit Main Street. It was then the catcalls began. Most of them were aimed at him. Sure he had been catcalled before, he was a popular dancer, but it seemed like him touching another human and being off stage suddenly made him more available. His John reacted well on the inappropriate proposals by yelling at them. He simply yelled back.
I'm no expert in crime solving, everything is made up. Give a round of applauses for AlexBSChris that is my wonderful Beta.
"Of course Q," Bond replied, put on his shirt and begun buttoning it up while sending an apologising look John's way. John own look promised that he wasn't done with him just yet but he turned to the younger man who stood next to Sherlock and Amalia.
"I'm home!" he yelled (announcing yourself was another important thing you learned by being a Holmes unless you wanted to fall victim for a rough experiment). To his big surprise it was Sherlock who showed up first caring a small blond girl on his left arm her dark blue dress matching her eyes.
"Defiantly! He got the talent and can do amazing things with his voice. And when it comes to looks makeup can do amazing things." Kim's eyes sparkled as they talked about Rafael, ohho it was defiantly a crush there.
"Yes really it was begging for it. Also it is bloody unfair that you have a coat right now" Sherlock just smirked at the hint of which state he had put John in, but still felt the loss as the man pulled away to fix his clothes a bit. It didn't help a lot it was still pretty clear what they had been up to. The cab came to a stop and Sherlock leaped out but made a point to wait for John and hold the door for him. As soon as the doctor was outside Sherlock slipped his arm around him again (it had quickly become his favourite walking way) and they walked together into 221 B and up the stairs. This time it wasn't so awkward since they were a bit more familiar with each other's bodies now. Inside the flat they took their coats and jackets of.
"You are still alive you suicidal wanker?!" John stared in disbelief at the blond man standing next to an armchair leaning his hip on it.
"Since the lady extended the mess to me I saw no reason not to pick outfits that worked well together," the almost stroppy reply came. John shook his head.
"She is gone now so it doesn't matter? I will talk with John about your offer when he wakes up. Now it was very nice of you to stop by and help John but it is almost mealtime for Amalia so you should leave." Sherlock said taking the girl from his mother and not so subtly pushing her towards the door.
) had quite a reputation and 006 and 007 had insisted that he need bodyguards. It took a lot of convincing and pointing out that placing two trained killers in the same house as a skittish father who happened to be a highly trained army doctor wasn't a good idea.
"Well Em is the Quartermaster hence Q and your friend is one of his agent, a double-0 agent. 007 wasn't it, Em?" Sherlock continued and Emanuel looked like he regretted his earlier slip up.
"Yes I would very much like to be in a romantic relationship with you and if I wasn't serious I wouldn't even be attracted to you in the first place."At his words John's face lit up with a big happy smile. He opened his mouth to say something and then
"Lunch?" John ask and Sherlock was about to answer with his ordinary rant of food slowing him down but then remembered the food he had that morning -the food John had cooked, it had been tasty.
I'm sorry for the long wait on the update. It have been a hellish month for both me and my beta, final exams in everything. I had 12 exams, papers, presentations and such. You might have notice that I set a numbers of chapters now and that's because I have finished it and you will get all chapters today. Big thanks to my lovely beta AlexBSChris. More notes at the end of this story. Enjoy.
"No way, mates! I saw him first!" John didn't seem to mind that everyone thought they were a couple. Normally he would glare and declare that he wasn't gay. His reaction gave Sherlock hope, maybe it wasn't so impossible as he thought to act on the warm feeling in his stomach. Would John.... Once again his thought was cut short by the catcalls, this time aimed at John. That he wouldn't tolerate he thought with a snarl.
"The student with green hair has been checking you out for at least the quarter I have been standing here" he whispered in John's ear. Without turning his head he replied.
"All done?" he question. John nodded and straightened up. Sherlock walked over and offered John his hand, giving him a last chance to choose to back away. Not missing a beat John placed his hand in Sherlock and was rewarded with a squeeze as the resident detective started to lead the way to his bedroom. When they got there they climbed onto the bed and after some tries and rearranging they settled with Sherlock spooning John with the doctor's head resting firmly on his pillow covered arm. The other arm he put around John's waist and pulled him flushed against him. It felt so right finally having John in his arms. They fitted as two pieces of a puzzle knees bend and fitted together. After sharing one last sweet kiss they settled down.
"And I didn't know you existed until last week," John said with a glare in Sherlock's direction who handed him Amalia back thinking somehow would spare him.
"It is possible that he is involved in the murder or knows something we don't and we have to match the name "Mikel Smith" or possibly "Micke Smith" with a Facebook profile with the knowledge we have about him." John groaned he didn't even want to imagine how many "Mikel Smith" or "Micke Smith" there was in London let alone Facebook. He rose up and headed for the kitchen.
Sherlock had known that John was following him the moment he stepped out of the door. But he had to give his dear doctor some credit, he had been discreet about it. When Sherlock had left he had sat in his chair with a new cuppa and a novel looking like he had no intention to leave at all. The giveaway had been earlier then Sherlock prepared himself. John always at least raised an eyebrow at the ruckus he made, but today it had been nothing. At first the detective wrote it of as John still being angry with him. That had made him uneasy, he didn't like it when John was angry with him. John was one of those things in the world that just shouldn't be angry, sad or distressed it was just wrong and then the whole world was wrong until the matter had been restored. John seemed to think that Sherlock did everything to piss him of but that really wasn't the case rather the opposite and he couldn't understand why John.... Bam! At this point Sherlock smacked the door shut in his mind palace. Going down that corridor only led to pain, not doing that now thank you very much. The dead giveaway had been that John didn't look up when he left anyway. John ALWAYS look up when he left. He had since the study in pink, Sherlock secretly liked the name it was dramatic, he thought it had something to do with last time John didn't check he had run off with a serial killer. His doctor was overprotective sometimes. He didn't mind that though or the tailing. It was exciting that John was tailing HIM for a change. He was quit skilful really, Sherlock would make sure to compliment him for that later. John said it was nice to compliment people, it was only too bad for him that Sherlock had memorized the sound of his footsteps and could always notice him then he wanted. He had a whole wing set aside for John in his mindpalace slowly filling it up with every little detail that made John his John. He spend the rest of the walk to "Mercus" in the John wing sorting through his expressions trying to deduct which one he would wear then he saw Sherlock today. Oh it was so exciting. Quietly slipping through the staff door, Sherlock quickly headed towards his dressing room. In his head he was already sorting through the big Victorian closet in his mindpalace working out which outfit would be best for today. Purple he thought, John had always paid extra attention to his purple shirt, and black lace too. A smirk spreading on his face he opened the door and spared no time starting to undress as soon as it closed again. From his bag he gathered today's outfit: black fishnet socking, a pair of black mini shorts that hugged his arse closely, a tank top of fine black lace and as top of the crown a purple corset with black ribbons. This particular corset was one of his favourites and it had been customised for him. Sherlock shivered a bit of excitement for his John to see him in it as he laced it on. He then sat down for some quick make up. Mascara, black eyeliner, a hint of purple eye shadow and bright red lipstick quickly went on with precise and practiced movements. After a second of thoughts he added some colour to highlight his cheekbones. Today was special nobody could blame him for putting in some extra efforts. Lastly he picked a pair of rich purple jazz heals and bent down to lace them one. Just as he finished the manger knocked on the door.
"Well I suppose we should introduce ourselves then Amalia," he said looking into the girls deep blue eyes.
"We share the bed because it benefits Amalia," Sherlock tried to explain but mummy didn't seem too impressed even if she did drop the subject.
"You didn't look up and check then I left. You always do that, it started right then you moved in. You are a bit overprotective" Sherlock told him.
"Don't you have any respect for a doctor's hard work putting you back together again?! And what did you do to that shoulder?!" John continue ignoring two pair of confused eyes staring at him.
"You could have woken me. I just took a nap while your mother visited," John said and then he remembered.
"Impressive..." John smiled it wasn't often he got the last word but then he did it felt amazing. He leaned back in his armchair sipping on his tea as he watched the detective. Sherlock had clearly gone into his mindpalace and was sorting through all the facts he had got today, trying to deduct something useful. It was at times like this John really could study his boyfriend without getting an earful for it. Now he could in peace let his eyes wander. Wander over beautiful long lashes resting against his cheeks and perfectly curved lips. Lips that had been kissing him quite a lot lately. That Sherlock enjoyed kissing had been a pleasant surprise. A really pleasant surprise as the detective had been very skilled. They sat there in comfortable silence for maybe half and hour, John sipping his tea and Sherlock in his mindpalace.
"Don't call them number by the dinner table, names Emanuel," Mummy scrolled and added as if she sensed a protest.
"Come on, up you go" Sherlock said and pulled the half asleep man on his feet. Leaning heavily on Sherlock John made his way to the bedroom, where he stripped out of trousers, jumper, shirt, socks and shoes, folding the clothes neatly, placing them on a chair before flopping down on the bed wearing only pants and a vest. Sherlock removed his own clothes and hung the suit up. Reaching bellow his pillow he pulled out the pyjamas from last night and put it on. Well dressed he lay down on the bed, cuddled up behind John and pulled the blanket over them both.
"Let's leave the determination of death to Molly shall we?" he said putting his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. Said man seemed to see John's point and did a final sweep of the room.
"I'm sure me and Charles can manage," Sherlock said, softly pushing John in the direction of the main door.
"I'm considered the normal one in our family and you are asking how bad can it be?!" His hysterical rant was cut of by his private phone chiming with a text message. Quickly he scrambled to read it hoping that it somehow would magic away this mess.
“Oh yeah he patched me up more than one time,” 007 smiled removing his suite jacket before throwing himself down on the cot and wincing the moment his back hit it.
"That she will need feeding in 23,7 minutes yes, I remember John," Sherlock said picking the girl up from John's arms and placing her on his right hip. This got another small snort out of the man.
"John. John it is time to go to bed." At first he just got a tried "murph" but after a second shake one deep blue eye opened and looked at him.
"Mhm and what do you propose we do with that time?" John smiled down on him. Oh this was going to be a delightful morning.
"For female lead we got Vanessa Miricho, she looks amazingly close to the original Rose but got the role on talent, and for male lead we got Rafael Johannesson, which is a bit funny since the role he did the audition for was Rose. Apparently that role was that got him into acting as a child. But the old backwards picker wouldn't have a BOY for female lead so he got the male one instead since he is such a good actor" Interesting wonder what Sherlock was going to say about that.
Extra information: the lovely landlady is from India. Big thanks to AlexBSChris for putting up with my spelling. You don't know that she is saving you from.
"We are not a couple," Sherlock denied flustered feeling all of 15 again when mummy had caught him kissing the gardeners son and decided that they needed to have The Talk. She had reassured him that she didn't care which sexual orientation he had but he had to be careful if he was going to have sex and please do read up on the subject, it had been a interesting experience but nothing he wished to repeat.
Told you you would get another chapter soon. But don't get spoiled it was half written then I posted last time. Big thanks to my amazing AlexBSChris who was lighting fast on correcting this one. Next chapter is going to take awhile since I need to do some research. Enjoy this and please comment what you think. Writers live on feedback and comments.
"Body parts are also organic substance, you use meat I fail to see the problem" Sherlock shout back.
"You can eat while I talk." Sullenly Sherlock stabbed his fork throw some of the food and popped it into his mouth - it was the quickest way to get answers when John was like this. The food had a fresh slightly sweet taste (from the honey) but it wasn't important right now. Putting another forkful in his mouth he looked up at John, his eyes demanding answers.
"He is and a workaholic so he won't be here until dinner so why don't you take a little nap? I can Amalia down to the green room and entertain her," he proposed already picking up the bag containing some of Amalia's toys and slinging it over his shoulder. For a moment John looked like he wanted to protest but then he seemed to remember their talk on the train.
"We have had the theme 'classical movies' this year and after voting Titanic got selected" John noted it down.
“So given I took him out for a drink to show my gratitude and saw exactly how he earned the nickname ‘Three Continent Watson’.”
extremely neat; the bed had been made up and a small cot was squeezed in between the desk and the bookshelf alphabetised N through to O. 007 eyes flicked around the room quickly probably gathering up all information he could about his quartermaster.
I had so much fun writing this! Please love Kim, I love Kim. They are important. As usually thanks to AlexBSChris for betaing me and also thanks to Svartkrut for reading it throw. She is on tumblr and has bad influences on me. you will see.
"Obvious the crime scene is not here. Come John let's go and check her flat." With those words he exited the cinema and hailed a cab. John passed on the last scones to Lestrade who just had entered the scene.
"Oh yes she is. Is studying to become an actress. She is good if you ask me, got the female lead for their end of term project."
"Besides contrary to popular belief I have dated and had sexual relationship. It just takes a lot for me to get attract to someone in that fashion, so I have no need for more examination" John looked a bit confused over this extremely clear statement.
"It isn't hygienic!" John replied.That comment made Sherlock enter a rant of why John was wrong. It felt nice doing their ordinary bickering, nice to know that their relationship wouldn't change too much even with the new addition. They were in the middle of a heated discussion on the subject of why chemicals should be on safe distance from food when Lestrade burst through the door. John turned his head when he heard the footstep, body tensing slightly before recognising the DI. Sherlock had known who it was as soon as he heard the footstep in the stairs, but he thought John's soldier instinct was cute even if he should have known the sound of Lestrade's steps by now.
"Well he has been busy. With his workplace blowing up, his promotion and everything," she tried to smoothen over with a wave of her hand.
"It seems like I have now got a niece," he said slowly staring at the screen and the offending email from his mother.
"Don't think I let you of about the dancing just because we got a case! We are still gonna talk about it!" Lestrade let his eyes wander between both off them.
"See right there you touched the place where I hit you. If I didn't know what had happened I would suspect abuse, it is common that victims react to certain key words or sentences. You are human so I can read you." Sherlock blinked slowly twice.
"But you are not gay." The moment the words left his mouth he silently cursed himself. He could almost hear Mycroft mocking voice: Smooth little brother. Really and you claim to be intelligent. John just chuckled. How dared he?! Didn't he take this seriously?!
"What time is it?" John sleepily mumbled against his collarbone, it tickled a bit. Sherlock threw a lazy glance out through the window.
"Get me a cup as well." The doctor was very tempted to ask 'what is the magic word?' but choose not to. He just filled and flicked on the kettle, took their biggest pot from the shelf, measured up the tea and poured milk into a small container. This was going to be a long night.
"Yeah sadly Rose dress was stolen. Like have people no respect for an artist work! Now I have to redo the whole thing and 'Ness haven't shown up yet" John didn't have the heart to tell the young designer that his work was most likely in an evidence bag down at the yard.
Sherlock got out of the car and stretched his legs. They arched a bit after the long train ride probably had to something to do with the odd angle they had been forced into by the small space between the seats. If they just had increased the spaces with 8,32 cm there would have been enough space to rest your legs in a comfortable way. It hadn't been time to increase the circulation in his legs directly after the train ride since mummy had sent the driver - Charles McKenzie worked for the family as long as Sherlock could remember - to pick them up.
"Yes he was an army doctor, honourable discharge, not everyone recovers from a bullet to the shoulder Bond. Why do you know him?" Q said.
"Good afternoon John, you look terrible if I may say so," Mrs. Holmes said walking into the room. John let out a weak chuckle.
Next morning then he woke up the warm feeling was still there and so was John who had turned during the night so he now lay on top of Sherlock. The doctor’s head was on the consulting detective's shoulder and he had his arms wrapped around him. He could get used to this Sherlock thought tightening his arms around the man above him letting his right hand wander down to John's butt. It was logical really, butts have a good shape to hold on to. And John had a nice butt, a really nice butt. Still half asleep he bent his head and nuzzled John's hair, completely content of just laying there enjoying the sensations. It lasted only 10 minutes before the man above him started to stir.
"If you cook" he replied instead and flopped down on the sofa starting to build the crime up in his mind palace, putting all the bits he had together. Later when he had John's information he would be able to place it correctly.
"I didn't mean to dump over Amalia on you and your mum like that," John sighed and if he hadn't been holding the baby he would have buried his head in his hands.
"You will have to be a bit more exact John" Sherlock replied. John felt like slamming his head in the table, of course he wasn't going to make it easy for him.
The next time Sherlock surfaced from his research on the laptop it was pitch black outside. When he glanced over to John's armchair he saw that the man had fallen asleep. It didn't look terribly comfortable sleeping curled up like that. Maybe it was time for bed. He had found the boyfriend some time ago and dug up all he could on the guy. His second Facebook page (not the one he was friends with the victim on) was awful to put it mildly. Honestly who used the "share this video"-button on porn sites? There were also a lot of political posts which were very backwards and managed to piss the consulting detective of quite a bit. If John wanted to shoot this guy he wouldn't stop him. The other Facebook account was very civilised. It was mostly movie related posts on it. Oh well, it wasn't any use to go and investigate him now. It was probably hard to find him at, Sherlock threw an eye at the computers watch, 04.30. He rose up, stretched out his back and padded softly over to John's armchair. He reached out, placed his hand on the doctor's shoulder and shook him lightly.
"You are a doctor." And they were back to this again. Deciding to test if Sherlock remembered John choose his next words carefully.
"I can imagine that. I bet he was a handful as a child," he said and because of the smile that light up his face Sherlock forgave mummy for the comment on his childhood. It was nice to see John smile again – those exhausted forced in a sense of politeness smiled that had been common lately did not count.
"Ah ha" he said and held up an IPhone with a rainbow case - no surprise there the whole flat went in rainbow colour. He went out in the kitchen and opened the lockers until he found the cocoa. Sherlock took a small amount and put it on the screen before tipping it so the cocoa ran across the entire area. This trick revived four clearer fingerprints that matched the numbers 1,3,7,9 (how simple and unsafe). Going directly to "texts" he found the contact "Micke<3" pressing the contact he got the number which he made a search on and got the name Mikel Smith, but he had no address registered with the phone company that had the number. Doing a search on the name he got 58 hits only in London.
"Just tea and toast for me John!" With a chuckle for this typical Sherlock attitude the doctor began the new day.
Q pressed send and cracked his fingers. Right there was work to be done if he would be able to take the weekend off and he needed to find out who this Mary really was. With a few taps he pulled up a picture of her on one screen and turned to the two double ohs which still was where.
"Yes, congratulation on becoming an uncle Q. I sure you will do wonderful, you have had a lot of practise minding Alec here," 007 chimed in avoiding the punch from 006.
I have no idea what I'm doing. I have no experience at all with snogging so if I'm writing it wrong please tell me how it is done. My ask box on tumblr (mandy-hope-san) is always open or comment. The chapters are getting longer so all hail AlexBSChris for correcting them.
"Visiting my grandchild of course," Angelica said opening the locker showing Amalia the two black and white pictures inside, one of his father Siger Charles Holmes and one of him, Mycroft and Emanuel.
"Why is one of your agents even here?" Sherlock asked quickly tried to change the subject - how John made people obey him was a John thing and it would be very disturbing if that technique was passed on, especially to his brother-.
"My brother, fooling anyone at all that he isn't head over heels for Doctor Watson. Really it couldn't be more obvious the way his is practically shining," Q huffed and 007 hummed.
Now finally awake John sat up, the blanket pooling around his waist. Someone, probably Sherlock, had removed his socks, jumper and trousers when he slept and tucked him in under the blanket. Huh, he must have been really tried to not have noticed that. Yawning he got up pulling on a pair of pyjamas pants and a jumper padding towards the living room. He leaned against the doorway and watched Sherlock walking around, rocking Amalia as he sung. John didn't say anything just stood there watching the peaceful sight before him. In the end it was Sherlock who broke the spell.
"Right be just a moment," John said heaving himself of the bed and grabbing a pair of clean pants on his way to the bathroom that was attached to Sherlock's room.
Sherlock walked quietly up the stairs to 221B. He didn't hear any sounds from the flat so he hoped John had been able to take a nap. The doctor have been looking more and more worn for each day that past the last week, damn it, John moving back here was supposed to make it easier for him but he stubbornly refused all help. Sherlock quietly opened the door to the living room walking as softly as he could.
"Before..." the detective took a deep breath. They didn't really talk about his death it was still a sore subject.
"Still need to read people every day and I have bad days" Involuntary the detective's hand flinched up and touched the place there John's punch had landed months ago.
"The victim is female and showed up in a seat sometimes between closing and opening without triggering the alarm, dressed like the female lead in Titanic. No obvious course of death and no clues about her killer."
"Sherlock who's that?" All three men looked up (not the baby she was starring fascinated at Q), a top of the three stairs stood a very rumbled blond man wearing an beige cardigan.
"Good morning" Sherlock replied and cracked a small smile of his own. Now this position could be very embarrassing and John didn't intend to stay there long.
“Bed or cot, think carefully of how you reply 007,” Q said keeping a straight face. He was still a bit alarmed by one of his agent stripping in his mother’s living room (not that he hadn’t appreciated the sight. 007 was very well-built but in this context it was just wrong).
“Mm, yes,” Gibson sighed. “Sad to say I panicked with that one. Until that all the text subjects had liquefied at the vibration stage but this one expired in the preliminary vacuum stage. I posit a circulatory problem.”
Sherlock was already in bed, pulling up the covers when his phone beeped. He stopped and looked towards his jacket. He had almost been lulled into not caring by John's adept administration of affection.
Sherlock strode in with his crutches. Faint green fire exit lights were on, but that was all. The ground floor windows were all covered. He waited for John to pull out the torch before continuing. He needed to find a lift. There was no way he'd get up fifteen stories worth of stairs. She'd have set up somewhere high, near the top floor, like the original room. He pointed at the central lifts when he spotted them.
“John!” he yelled, leaping up off the sofa. “ABC Selfstore!” He dashed forward and grabbed the nearest laptop, tearing it open. “They still use keys for their storage units!”
“I see,” Sherlock drew himself up. It always came to this. He'd thought John at least was over it. Apparently not. He was a machine, inhuman freak, cold and-
A more troubling facet of the group behind the doctor was that they knew too much about Sherlock's business. His phone number, for example. And the fact he had been to a strange manor house a month ago, a house that he'd been unable to locate ever since. Satellite images showed no trace of it and revisiting the site had revealed a park in its stead. And Mycroft, usually smug when he knew more than Sherlock, remained quiet. ‘The house that doesn't exist,’ the doctor had called it.
Sherlock didn't even know where to begin. First of all, he wasn't allowed to do locked room experiments on anyone (except once he locked John up into his room and had received several days' worth of silence in return, which was just as well). Second, he had realised who they were after was most likely a psychopath, which was as tedious as cases could get. And it had been so promising at the start. He was quite put off.
“Good luck,” Mrs Haversham said with an exhalation of smoke as Sherlock climbed up from the sofa and leaned on John on the way out.
The young woman had thrown herself on the sofa, crying very unattractively Sherlock thought and obviously oblivious to his comment about the disgusting colour of her skin. John put the toast and jam away and came into the sitting room. 'Be nice to the client,' his face was saying, and Sherlock hoped his face was registering his contempt of the concept of
John was, however, not hurt this time. He was still frowning, a little slumped at the shoulders (he had the perpetual stoop of someone who peered too closely at his laptop screen, using too small font sizes, most likely). “I heard you,” he said simply. “House arrest. I'm sorry. Will you let me help you now?”
“I see you're doing your exercises,” he commented and ignored the dismal state of the kitchen, sitting down at their desk instead and opening his laptop.
“Sherlock, stop that. No need to be rude.” John frowned at him, but got up from the sofa and Lestrade followed, buttoning up his jacket.
“It's pitch black, Sherlock,” John replied, voice tinny and a little louder (with the particular timbre and tone of his patience being tested). “The water's up to my chest.”
“That doesn't make it... legal.” (Very clever of him to choose that word.) But John kept chipping and pulling at the gate, soon popping the upper hinge out of the crumbling stone. “Right, I think we can fit in- right- here.” He huffed, having exerted his upper body strength, which always surprised Sherlock, despite knowing it was there. “Also, I'm keeping this,” he said, folding the knife away.
“There is no such thing as an objective observer!” John's voice rose and he bashed the arm of his chair with an open palm to emphasise his words. “You can't be an objective observer of the human nature when you ARE human.”
“John,” Sherlock insisted and was rewarded with a low grunt. He located an ear and stroked it instead, which made John turn his head and squint at him with one half-open eye.
Some elevators and corridors passed as he chewed on himself and then found himself in the same room as John. John had a heated blanket over him and was asleep so Sherlock went ahead and got into the bed with him. He had his back-up mobile to occupy him while John recovered. Lestrade had sent crime scene photos. But how disappointing. The man had not been murdered by a ghost but someone possibly outside his flat altogether. It was clear he had dragged himself into that room, locked himself in there and then died there from the wounds received somewhere else. Sherlock was typing a text when he heard something.
“Yes. The body was found in a small room by the owner of the property. He'd rented the room out through the Internet as he himself lives out of town. He only came to inspect after the rent hadn't been paid for two months.” Sherlock made sure John was still listening by giving him a glance. “He had trouble entering the place because it seemed someone had put wall-paper not only on the walls but also over the door and the windows. The yellow residue under the body's fingernails were from clawing at that wall-paper, trying to find a way out.” He demonstrated by scratching at the air with both of his hands, delighted at the mystery. Whoever had put up the wall-paper had left AFTER covering all the exits.
Sherlock knew that when a scribe made a mistake when working on a parchment/vellum manuscript, they scraped the ink off with a blade's edge, removing a layer off the top of the parchment. Pages of vellum could even be reused in this way, but the removal of the ink left its marks. It was possible the hand's owner had tried to remove already written text off a page, but it was not as likely as him simply having made some of the ink or worked with it.
“What do you perceive?” he asked, not moving yet, just looking around, even though what he could see was very limited. The air was thick with particles their entry had stirred up.
“So we'll just make sure none of it gets on us or on our clothes and we don't breathe it in...” Sherlock muttered. “The fire will be contained in this metal box, it won't spread. We might need soda ash to put it out...”
Sherlock stopped to stare after having thrown the door open. Two books. A musty smell rose from the locker, similar to libraries housing multitudes of dust particles and decaying vellum. But underneath that was something acrid. Sherlock closed his eyes and took another deep lungful.
“She took me,” he tried to explain, looking desperate. “She took me again!” he cried. “She did all those things! It wasn't me! You have to stop her! She'll take me again!”
John remained silent so Sherlock immersed himself in the contents of the binder. The first pages after the crest were equations and scribbled notes which Sherlock skipped, looking for whatever it was why the doctor had entrusted the binder to him. Even after Sherlock hadn't helped him. It must have been to secure his interest.
“It's too short.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose, dismissing the cane at once, but after a few seconds looked up at John who was still holding it out with a resolute expression. “You're sincere,” Sherlock was taken aback, but he knew he had to accept now. “All right. Thank you.” He took the cane and received a short (pleased) nod from John who turned to go back upstairs and get dressed.
“There,” Sherlock said, chin high, giving the crime scene technicians a look, “is the real lair of the killer.” He bent and pulled the hatch open, peering into the pitch black behind it. The air filtering out of it smelled still.
“No, just that we don't yet know what the explanation is,” Sherlock replied. “Pretend you're worse off than you are,” he added then. “That'll force them to focus their interrogation on me.” While it might have sounded altruistic, to make sure that Sherlock took the heat instead of John, it was far from it. John's ability to lie convincingly was unacceptable and Sherlock needed to know he wouldn't be undermined by someone's amateur attempts at spinning the truth.
“The reason why he kept it, he told me, was because of the pattern. He'd never seen anything like it, and neither have I. I was studying it when Lestrade finally arrived, barely up to date on the case, but once he heard where the piece was from he started looking constipated.”
“An object in motion stays in motion,” he muttered, resting his forehead against John's. “An object at rest stay at rest. Physics is the reason why I shouldn't sleep.”
He opened his mouth to produce a scathing remark but all that came out was a harsh inarticulate sound. It made John look up and then lean forward to place his hand on Sherlock's knee.
“Oh,” Sherlock was both gratified and surprised that John was willing to continue their discussion on the supernatural under the circumstances (and was able to use words like 'temporo-parietal'). “It doesn't explain why you and that soldier both saw what he claimed was his grandfather.”
“Yeah, sure, but I ASKED them about this sort of thing,” John said defensively after reading the text. “They all said the dog was a complete lapdog and was always in the same room with Mrs Bertram. Yes, the dog also slept in her bed, I know how you feel about that.” John was gave him a look. “You don't need to tell me again.”
“I want it toasted! Butter and orange marmalade!” Sherlock peered in after him, directing the sandwich-making. It was important. “You've never told me I'm heartless because you don't believe that people are bad. Nobody's good, you know. Not even you, you drink too much, enjoy violence too much, watch stupid programmes on the telly too much.”
“What's this? Murder presents?” Sherlock looked around with a grin. No one smiled back so he turned to look at John who was jogging up to them instead, fishing for a hint.
There was a knocking on the door, then an argument that Sherlock couldn't quite catch (but he heard John's angry voice), and then the door crashed open, and John was there, on his knees, pulling Sherlock into his lap. He was better in a disaster than anyone else Sherlock knew. It was like different pathways in his neural system opened up and neurons began firing down those at double the speed, removing the usual faffing about block he had on all his actions.
Sherlock smirked a little at the sound of John's growl. They really could frustrate each other to no end with opposing points of view but having an easy relationship wasn't something Sherlock was particularly interested in. He'd never had an easy relationship in his life so admittedly he wasn't that familiar with how one felt. But he imagined it'd be boring. Anything without a challenge was boring.
“And the test subjects are brought to you by someone else,” Sherlock concluded. He held his arm back, feeling John bump into it when he used the words ‘test subjects.’
“I'm late for another dis-appointment,” John said, glancing at his watch. He didn't look at Sherlock as he turned to leave and Sherlock (briefly proud of John's pun) let him leave. This wasn't the place or the time to air out any personal grievances and he was glad John understood that. And John would come round, he always did.
There was a row of mailboxes in the hall, a large staircase directly opposite the door, and two wings. Sherlock looked around, no longer paying attention to what went on behind him, then took off toward the stairs. The killer would've wanted to live as near to the attic space as possible, but not in it, so logically flat 2 was in the first or second storey. The numbering must've started from the attic flat.
The key slipped into the padlock, turned, and released the latch. Sherlock was so excited he was practically shaking as he took off the lock and shoved it and the key at John. He caught a glimpse of John's face as he did that and he, too, was grinning. Of course he would be. Despite all of his protests to the contrary, he loved the excitement as much as Sherlock did.
“Yes, I know, it doesn't mean anything to YOU.” But John was still smiling. “But generally, if the one saying sorry means it, people accept the apology.”
The coffee arrived in the hands of the waitress who gave Sherlock a very weary look (full-time university student, worked nights to pay for living expenses, owned a cat for company, just broken up). Sherlock looked her in the eye.
John's thumb stroked his temple. Sherlock flexed his face, drawing his brows together and wrinkling his nose. He moved his jaw side to side and then opened his eyes. John was in front of the lamp which made the light scatter around him.
John, unperturbed like only a man with half a brain could be, got up and checked, making a pleased little “ah!” (he vocalised far too much) when he found that Sherlock had been right (as if he could have been wrong).
“Patches,” he said and stared at John until he sighed and put the paper away to fetch the packet before coming over to stand by Sherlock's chair.
Sherlock kissed him again, harder and longer this time. He enjoyed the way John had to tilt his face up for the kisses. It reminded Sherlock of heliotropism in plants, the diurnal motion of flowers towards the direction of the sun. It was the way he imagined John followed his movements, face turning into his direction wherever he was.
She looked up. “You- you can't be serious. There's a ghost! Something's wrong!” She got up and started wringing her right hand.
When he reconnected his conscious mind with his senses again he found himself back home. He was on his back on the sofa, still wearing his greatcoat and gloves and scarf, staring at the familiar ceiling. The flat was silent, the street lights shining through the windows indicated it was still night time (the same night) and a glance at his wristwatch confirmed this. He patted his pockets, locating his phone and the key (wallet, home keys, those didn't live in his pockets).
He made quick work of scouting the routes. One led to the middle of the room, a cleared-out workspace. He'd been working on another book, the skeleton of which Sherlock picked up (loose quires), along with a small bottle filled with a liquid (ink), as well as any floating pieces of interest he could fit in his jacket and trouser pockets. In the opposite direction he found a door.
“Welcome back.” John was there, sitting opposite to him at a diner table, a piece off egg dangling off his fork. “I decided to have something to eat while you were off in your mind thingy.” He made a gesture at Sherlock's head.
John made a face and stuffed the pillow behind his back. “Are you done now?” He huffed and grumbled and flipped the pages of his notepad. “You're doing this case whether you want to or not. Now. Mrs Bertram has lost her prize-winning pug, Lady.”
John was at the morgue, respectfully standing away from the official autopsy. He shifted and looked up at Sherlock when he arrived. “Looks like leading cause of death is strangulation. I haven't told them there was no one there strangling him.” John lowered his voice on the last comment.
“So dramatic,” she sighed. The fire was dimmer in the fireplace and her expression was not as clear. “Poor old Arthur. I believe his guilt got to him in the end.”
“Does it matter?” John nursed his tea, he nursed everything. People, drinks, eggs in the morning. Slow, slow, slow. Slow of wit, slow of movement, slow to observe, slow to anger. “You told me to ask you the things I'd always wanted to know, now deal with it.” All too smug.
He'd seen the Cambridge University crest enough times to have it had burned in his mind. He'd attended Cambridge (Trinity College) for a number of years. Their crates had been hard plastic, reusable. This one was wooden and the crest was faded. An old crate then? Obviously a lot of people now and before would have had access to such crates.
“He swallowed it whole,” he declared gleefully. “The neck isn't broken, there's no wounds anywhere.”
He arrived in front of the door bearing the Roman numeral for two. Silver on black. The door was unlocked. She had known he would come. Ah. Another challenge, then. He pushed the door open open with the cane and waited until it had swung completely wide before stepping in. Hardwood floors, stained dark, a tan rug in the hall. White walls, photos in simple frames, furniture from IKEA. The front room was almost bare except for a large computer desk with two monitors on it. The stand-by lights were blinking.
“I was hungry and you don't really pay attention to what's outside your head sometimes. It makes you easy to herd along, like a sheep.” John grinned. “I expect that's why you keep talking to me when I'm gone, too.”
“No. You tell me,” Sherlock grunted. “I don't… remember.” He looked at John from the corner of his eye and set his chin on his knees. He kept tensing the muscles in his legs, making sure they still responded.
John was beyond confused and Sherlock was ready to allow him that. This was unprecedented. They looked at each other for some moments, John gathering his wits, and Sherlock gathering his sense of self.
“Are you going to hold onto my coat all the way?” Sherlock asked when he felt John yank on it a bit as he recollected his balance.
It was still odd to Sherlock to realise that there was somebody in his life who felt concern for his well-being in a personal way, rather than the familial duty concern of Mycroft's, who was satisfied if Sherlock was alive, largely in one piece and not drooling on the loo floor after drug experiments. There was also an element of proprietariness to Mycroft's caring (using the term loosely), it was self-serving because Sherlock was useful to him, but John, while Sherlock was (obviously) useful to him, too, cared because it was something he did with people he liked, because he was decent and because he was capable of forming emotional attachments.
“I'm bored,” Sherlock repeated then, lying down on the quite narrow bed next to John. The night was the worst time because everything went so quiet, except for the sirens and cars in the distance that he always wanted to go chase, just to see if it was something more interesting than a robbery or heart attack.
John had settled into his listening pose, eyes only half-open, but concentrated on Sherlock (as was right). “So what was this other case?”
“Very little,” John replied, voice muffled by their surroundings. The piles absorbed sound effectively. “The smell, obviously. Dead animals, do you think? Trapped birds and rodents. All of this... stuff. The lower layers are probably pretty old. Even the floor's uneven. Are we standing in dirt?”
“Do you often regret your interactions with me?” Sherlock had assumed the answer was 'no' until now. He didn't regret anything involving John. It was horrible to consider that John might not share that conviction.
John pulled back a bit and squinted at Sherlock's face. “Yeah, you're still thinking,” he muttered. “Never stops, does it?”
Lestrade and another police officer were in the room with him and attempted to restrain him by pulling his hands away from his throat. Gibson struggled but not against the men holding him, but against something unseen and eventually slumped over, the last of his breath gurgling out of him. Lestrade and the accompanying officer laid him on the floor and then stood around in confusion.
Sherlock was sat sideways on the top step of the stairs up to the attic flat to keep his leg somewhat elevated (John again). The police proper had arrived to go through the killer's place, but it'd taken them long enough to get there for Sherlock to do his own sweep first. It was alarming how faceless it'd been. The computer paraphernalia had been brand new, the stove had never been used, the linens smelled like the plastic packaging they'd come in. The flat was a decoy.
“Explorers until the very end,” Sherlock translated but he didn't know the meaning of the words beyond the translation.
It... made sense. So of course Sherlock just wrinkled his nose, huffed, and turned to keep walking. John let go of his arm and followed, but radiated a field of 'deal with it' and Sherlock knew even without turning back to look that John's face would be saying the same (why was his stupid face always saying things).
“Would you like for me to heat it up for you?” John didn't quite smile, but there was a softness to his face that told Sherlock he was feeling generous and appreciated.
“John!” he called out. “We're leaving!” He didn't stop to listen for a reply, merely squeezed out through the hatch, just in time to watch a team of three technicians go the other way before John was able to join him.
The shower and the tea combined in a pleasant effect of heat, relaxing muscles he hadn't realised were still tense from spending the night on the sofa. He dressed halfway, leaving his sleeves rolled up as he rejoined John in the sitting room and held out his arm on the arm of his chair after sitting down.
“I take it he knew something about the place, then?” John said once he returned to his chair after turning off the lights in the kitchen and the overhead in the sitting room, leaving them in the yellowish glaze of the dim table lamps.
,” Sherlock said loudly. He sunk deeper into his chair. He hadn't been able to make sense of much of it, even with the ability to translate the strange lettering.
,” the driver said. And with that Sherlock entered the leather-upholstered interior of the car. It was one of those vehicles that were suspiciously quiet on the inside, similar to what Mycroft was ferried around in.
Despite what he'd told John about the second law of thermodynamics he didn't think that was a convincing argument for (so-called) intelligent hauntings. Or even unintelligent ones. Energy couldn't be destroyed but it didn't stay in the shape of a human consciousness after the bioelectric motor of a human body stopped. A mind didn't exist separate of a body.
