Sam freezes. His dad can’t do that. Only a Justicar could do that. Castiel tilts his head above him, “Did I forget to mention that your father received a promotion?”
Zachariah has kidnapped the fledgling. It’s only a matter of time now before they kill him and end this farce of an apocalypse that they have all been dragged into. The humans are staring at him with open hostility. All but Remiel’s girl, but they haven’t been introduced yet. He doesn’t like it. He turns towards the door, he doesn’t want to be dragged into the house, if they don’t want him here he’ll gladly leave.
Mates are taken and the storm finally breaks.
Gabriel knows that it's the 'please' that does it, a tiny almost imperceptible smile flickers at the edges of Remiel's lips.
in. He'd expected Michael to call in guards the second he set foot anywhere.
Dean looks down at his papers all over the floor and Abe who is grinning up at him from where he’s got him tucked on his hip.
“What does?” Sam frowns over his salad.
Castiel's smile falters slightly. Oh, how he wishes to take her flying again, but it's too dangerous now. Lucifer is missing, Zachariah is commanding angels and demons, and Remiel was almost killed on their doorstep. And Barachiel... his brother's words still haunt him, tear at him. He would never forget Dean. He could never forget his mate.
“They didn’t?”
The first thing he’s doing is going back to bed.
"It's a human name," Barach grumbles. "Father gave you a perfectly good name."
Barachiel winces, he doesn't need this now. He doesn't need to explain to the fledgling that sometimes, even when you fight for it, even when you try hanging on it isn't enough. But that blue stare doesn't go away and he ends up looking down at Eala, at Emily, at those hideous marks that something carved into her because of
Dean is sitting on one of the beds rubbing his eyes. "I still don't know why we need
Dean groans softly, letting his head fall back. Cas' finger moves inside him, hot and slick, setting a easy pace that Dean's hips match. "What is that?" Dean slurs, heat pooling in his stomach.
“You’re going to stop me? You’re practically powerless now and your humans are as well. The thing must die. It is our Father’s will,” Zachariah declares loudly, lifting his hands, a mockery of a preacher giving a sermon.
Slick fingers part Dean's cheeks, circle his entrance. Dean doesn't remember the lube coming out, but the passing of time feels like molasses in winter, drags each moment out like forever and all Dean can focus on is Cas. Dean shifts his leg further forward and tries to push his hips back at the same time.
Cas’ eyes widen and Dean cringes, Sam warned him about being blunt. He’s a breath away from apologizing when Cas reaches out and takes his hand.
"Yes, about Crowley, we're going to have a long
All the other humans have buggered off with their respective partners, not that he blames them. Gabriel and Anna, she was looking so much better thank Father, had gone off on some magical adventure to find Lucifer and he's gotta... he's gotta... "I dunno where else to put him! You're out of rooms!" If that sentence is more whiny than usually well, Barachiel is just gonna blame it on stress.
"Ho-lee shit, you have got to be kidding me."
Again.
“Michael!”
Barachiel is grinning now and backing up slowly towards the house. "Oh, come on Gabriel. What would I do? What could I
"Crowley doesn't do anything I don't want him to," Anna says in a slightly exasperated tone.
Gabriel rolls his eyes, hands smoothing out Sam's shirt. "That doesn't surprise me at all. Just don't listen to anything he says."
Castiel is leaning over his desk, which is ridiculously organized, writing notes in a thick notebook that Dean hasn’t seen before.
He almost flails off the couch, books hitting the floor in a tumble of flapping pages, but someone grabs him and holds him by the shoulders as he gasps and shakes. Sam's got his hands fisted in something soft and then there are hands in his hair, smoothing down his neck; over his back. He can't understand for a moment what they're saying but then he recognizes the soft chiming tongue that the angels use and sags forward as familiar sounds and scents finally return. He's back, he's home.
"One more for breakfast?"
It hasn't even been two hours and the windows are shivering slightly with the near unholy volume of crying that the baby is emitting. Sam has shoved himself in the corner of the room, near the door, with both hands over his ears and the only reason he hasn’t gone
“Well, take it away!” Anael shouts as the noise reaches an alarming decibel.
He closes his own eyes as she settles against his chest.
He lets this go on for about two minutes before he clears his throat.
"I'm not going to hurt her," Gabriel tells him.
“Hey Luc!” Sam greets after he checks the caller ID.
Raven rolls her eyes. "You expected any better?"
A week later, Sam wakes suddenly but he isn’t sure why. He rolls over onto his back in the nest and then sits up when he hears low voices out in the living room.
"Cas, Cas, Cas." Dean tumbles into his orgasm, gasping and shuddering. He spills over Cas' hand, and everything goes white behind his eyelids.
"My Lord," the fallen Archangel dips his head in greeting. "You summoned me?"
"I'm a demon, Anna," he reminds her, smile sharp and biting though his tone falls flat. "You're an angel. You love a dead human that you think you see in me. Not that I don't enjoy the benefits..."
“Barachiel says it will float if I put it in water. I can put Michael’s lion in it.”
Raven laughs, a long cackling bird noise before she shakes her head. "You're a fool. You're
. But he can't stand here and watch an Archangel near her, not when he's still coming to grips with Elle and everything she means, and that she's here to stay.
"According to Sammy you two were more than just friends," Gabriel says sharply.
"Who? Barach isn't going to leave Remiel for a second now. I'm not going to risk any of the humans."
“What’s a myth?” Jo asks as Dean takes the baby from her to cradle him and rub in between his wings.
“I’ll just ask Cas.”
Elle makes a soft noise, and stops trying for Dean's hand in favor of patting Castiel's face. "Ol Gaha Ol," she says. He's not sure if she understands his distress, but feels grateful his daughter does not blame him for not being able to heal her other father.
"Look," Gabriel steps forward, "Raphael turned Castiel into spam a couple of months back, he's listening to Zachariah."
"Is there something wrong with the baby?" Sam asks carefully, and Sam was never a good actor, the worry is plain in his voice. Dean suddenly remembers he wasn't there when Gabriel showed up.
Familiar feeling, familiar pain, wrong voice, wrong eyes, but Gabriel can see the wisps of shadow that follow the angel. Castiel stands above him, staring down with his head tilted. Gabriel can’t feel anything but hurt and confusion. He isn’t sure what belongs to him anymore.
Reaching up, Gabriel brushes his fingers over Sam's forehead sketching out symbols and runes. He's just reinforcing the wards and protections he'd placed the night before, but it seems to soothe Sam. Even with the wards, Gabriel will watch his dreams. Lucifer isn't going to violate Sam's dreams for even one more night.
"Well, this wouldn't be the first time a Winchester showed up injured, with a kid in tow," Bobby says gruffly. "At least you aren't bleeding. Come on in the house. You need that hand properly wrapped and Sam looks ready to sleep where he stands."
Anna leans over. "Try grabbing the blade."
"Anna already told me that." Sam grins, sliding a hand along Gabriel's waist.
He does it without thinking about it, his hand sliding down to cup the boys face and he lets what he’s feeling press out just like he does with Gabriel.
The whole room stares at him where he's very purposefully standing against the wall so he isn't seen out any of the windows.
The house is silent for a long time before Dean clears his throat, "Dude."
Apparently, Abe absolutely adores Luc and it’s mutual. Which means Dean loves Luc because anyone Abe loves has to be good.
“What is
“It’s
Castiel frowns in confusion. "She was fine in my arms a moment ago; I do not understand the change."
did and why you didn't think I needed to know?" Dean's words are sharp again, but not as sharp and bitter as when Castiel first entered the room.
Sam shakes his head slowly. "No, he hasn't built me a nest either."
"I don't think you know what mercy is," Remiel growls. It's gone too quiet, the smoke too still.
He registers the panic before he registers Castiel's words.
Dean nods, unable to stop grinning like an idiot.
"Rem!" Barachiel is out the front door before Castiel can even react, his mouth open to shout as he watches his brother disappear into the cloud of smoke.
What.
"Cas, I didn't mean... Just give me some time, alright?"
He slams into the ground, tossed onto his back like he weighs two pounds and through the spots in his vision he sees the angel bitch take a step towards him. Her face is blank. Unsmiling. She grabs the front of his shirt and then... Her eyes light up.
It only takes her half a second to have the baby out of his basket and in her arms where she can make stupid noises over him. Dean and the baby both blink a little in surprise.
Which mean Dean hid, which was probably making the whole thing worse.
“Sam?” Luc sounds terrified and he’s whispering.
The face that Dean makes is familiar and warm despite how he rolls his eyes. "Then give me the long answer."
There are nods all around even though Sam is expecting Dean to bitch, because he always bitches but then again they hadn't though it was going to get this bad this fast.
He gets an arm around her waist and levers them both out of the hay, "I want to talk this time."
Sam pretends to think about it until Gabriel is frowning and Luc is starting to giggle before he says, “Okay, but Luc’s right, you’re kind of an assbutt.”
Chapter Seven: Good Times Bad Times
“It’s not going to be for long… Cas can stay with her if a hunt comes up and…” Dean trails off as he pulls grabby hands from the collar of his shirt and sits up.
“Well, they’re making them now. So, what’s that phrase? Something about spilt milk?” Gabriel saunters into the living room and shoves Luc and Abe over to flop on the couch.
"Great. Nuriel?" Gabriel demands. He knows the answer to this, but he wants to hear Remiel say it.
Sam rolls his eyes and makes what Dean's calls a 'bitchface' at Dean. "Good morning to you too, Dean. Morning Cas, morning Bobby." He strokes a hand over Elle's hair. "Morning, Elle."
"Good," Anna says, bouncing up on the tip of her toes with a bit of the energy Gabriel remembers her having. "Now why
"Lord Raphael..."
"We'll have Castiel tell him. Preferably while he's distracted. You buy some beer and I'll get a pie."
"Yes," Gabriel agrees, barely lifting his mouth from Sam's enough to speak. He pushes Sam down onto the cushioned and blanket covered floor. Gabriel's still straddling Sam's hips and smiles wickedly as he rocks against Sam.
Dean rolls his eyes. "What Sam means is that our motel room became ground zero for a angel cat fight, my hand might be broken, and -- " he takes a deep breath then gestures at the waking baby, "This is my magical angel love baby."
Dean scrapes at the label on the bottle with his thumbnail. "Is she going to be okay?"
"Okay, that was a... little weird." Nope, that was actually pretty damn weird. Like on a scale of one to ten that was a thirteen. He was pretty much betting that whatever that was, was not just a safety feature.
Elle starts crying.
Gabriel knows the instant Sam lets go of his sword. His wings are out on instinct before he's even thinking about it, tossing angels away like paper dolls. He spots Sam in a swarm of them, off the ground and being dragged away. Fucking flying monkeys... With a thought Gabriel has both his swords in hand as he turns and shouts at Anna to fall back. He lost sight of Barach and Rem after the wards came down and he can only hope that they're holding their own.
It slots into place. Cas talks to his dad every week. How long would it take for his dad to apply for a Justicar position?
The baby's form shimmers brightly, and then Castiel is holding what looks like a normal twelve month old human baby. She whimpers softly, curling small hands into Castiel's coat. Castiel adjusts his hold on her, fingers stroking over skin and fine hair no longer shadows and liquid metal, "It's alright," Castiel whispers to the child as she squirms.
Castiel blinks but eventually nods, and to Dean’s surprise says something, “That is the most general description.”
explained Cas and Dean.
"No shit!" Gabriel snaps, but then looks apologetic as he runs his fingers through his hair again. "Someone needs to go see if what Remiel said about Lucifer is true and... and probably look into whatever the hell Zachariah is up to now. We've gotten away with playing the passive role for a while but I get the feeling that won't work as well anymore."
"I will speak to Dean," Castiel assures him, before he heads into the house.
"Whoa, wait," Sam raises a hand before the siblings really start going at each other. "What are you talking about?" Though he has a pretty good idea exactly what Barach is talking about, and from the way Anna is blushing he kind of wants to know what they're thinking.
"An offer of what?"
It gets a small strained laugh out of her, which was what he was going for. "You must be Sam."
"But it's a little different when courting humans. Then the traditional gift is food or wards. Things that offer protection, nourishment..."
“I understand family.”
Gabriel laughs as he rocks his hips again, then leans down to kiss Sam just before he snaps his fingers.
“Well, you didn’t drop him, so I’m on my way out then.”
“With money, google it.”
"So do I," Sam says, and there's something almost teasing about his tone.
“You mean it was stay in Heaven or go find Abe?” Dean asks, because that’s fucked up. You shouldn’t have to pick between your kids or home and hadn’t that war been going on for like three hundred years?
It's the strange hovering moment right before dawn and all is silent. Remiel is sitting on the gate, impossibly balanced with the wards to his back and his eyes closed. There's no one unaccounted for within miles, human or anything else. He can sense all of the shifting points of light that are his brothers and sister. He can feel the wards, where they warp and meet, the almost imperceptible lines in between that always need guarding. Gabriel and Castiel are upstairs, safe; the small flickering glow of the fledgling, Elle is tucked among Castiel's flagging grace, safe. He can tell vaguely where the Winchesters are now that he knows that he isn't looking for a human but more for the
He’s not really surprised when his phone goes off. At least he can drag that back under the covers with him. There’s a long silence after his half a hello and then a sigh, “Sam?”
Cas kisses him back, hungry, needy -- almost greedy -- and
“I was up until three finding everything on Iranian golems for Garth.” Dean wipes his hand over his face as he takes a few steps back
that good?" Dean asks, cradling Elle against his side. Their fledgling looks anxious and scared, in a way Castiel never wanted her to be.
Dean grins widely, his body language shifting just slightly, and Castiel feels such joy to finally see the unbridled pride in Dean's face over their fledgling.
"The war, Michael!? Heaven and hell, the bloody fucking end to Earth!?" Barachiel's voice crackles and Michael still doesn't look up.
Castiel's eyes flicker to the darkened bedroom window where he'd left Dean and smiles, remembering his
It’s like watching a movie backwards. The house shudders and warps, things slide back into place, splinters of wood reform into walls, doors, and glass shards slide back into window frames and ripple together. The house creaks as it settles, it looks like nothing happened. Even the breakfast plates are back on the table.
- G. K. Chesterton
Because if some demon dared
"Son of bitch."
That wasn't possible. "Lucifer..."
He also is starting to get a bit spoiled.
She raises an eyebrow. "So I see. Crowley you were nearly destroyed, soul and flesh. Give yourself some time to heal."
"Yes," Cas breathes, and nips Dean's lips. "So we can keep her close and still know each other."
The clock that was on his desk is on the floor. It's broken, its said 4:09 since he first laid eyes on it. He isn't sure what time it is now, the blackout curtains have been drawn, he can't tell if the sun is up or down. They didn't string him up facing the window. There are sigils drawn into the floor, a devils trap which binds him. The pain is almost a numb ache now, it only flares up in certain points.
"Three," that he knows of. That's he's one hundred percent sure are his.
The baby makes a noise when Cas speaks and twists in Dean’s grip until he lets her onto the comforter to squirm over to Castiel’s knees, where the angel smoothes his hand over her head before scooping her up onto his lap.
Sam tests the bottle, looking sidelong at his brother. Dean blinks; he's got the feeling that he's just come in during the middle of something. Something that he should know about. Castiel frowns and does that head tilty thing, looking up when Sam approaches and claims the baby from him, ignoring the tiny grumbles and itty bitty bitchface that instantly disappears when she realizes that Sam is the man with the bottle.
"Doubtful," Gabriel frowns.
"Remiel," Anna says with way too much purpose and worry for Dean's liking.
“Gabriel… Please?”
"Fuck, Castiel it wasn't like that," Barachiel hisses and he sees Dean raise an eyebrow at the 'fuck'. There really wasn't a good translation for it in their tongue. He knows the next question and he can't explain it, not without cracking everything open like a rotted fruit. He'd just gotten used to the fact that Remiel was there, whole and just as stubborn as ever, waiting by the gate, and now... "Do you really want to know?" his voice is low and hollow. "Do you really want to know what it's like? When your human mate dies and you don't? When the only thing keeping you alive is in hell? You forget, Castiel! You forget or you die."
“Yeah!”
Which is how he ends up shopping at ten o’ clock at night while Jo watches the baby. This was not supposed to be his life. His life was hunting things and saving people. Not trying to figure out how he’s going to jam a playpen into the back of the Impala.
I have done for you, that you didn't do this."
"Oh really?" Dean mutters as Elle wriggles in her sleep until she's mostly in Dean's lap, tossed haphazardly over his leg.
Oh, wow. Okay. That was probably a little bit more than he was expecting, because he could see the blade pretty clearly, it was shorter than a regular sword, the length of his forearm and curved, the was blade impossibly thin and looked like it was made of mirror or glass and it gave way into the smooth curve of the hilt. He knew he was holding it. It was light, but solid and...
Gabriel snorts again. "Good thing, too. I don't think the humans could take the shrieking. I don't think there's anyone she doesn't like. "
Sam can't breathe, can't think. All he can see is the knife too close his niece's face. Dean's baby girl. He's cost Dean so much... and Lucifer had promised... Lucifer would keep Elle safe...
Remiel has never seen fire in Barachiel like this. All of his memories pale in comparison to this, to now; this vessel, burning bright and painted in such strange human colors, as captivating as ever. His mouth has gone dry and he has the barest thought that it wasn't supposed to do that, but Barachiel has raised his hand, tempting fate once more and when he slides his fingers into Remiel's hair it's the most infinitely tender thing he's ever known. He wants to tell Barachiel to stop, that neither of them have the time or lives for this anymore. But all the words tangle in his throat when Barachiel's warm brown eyes soften around the edges and he says it.
Dean lifts his hips without being asked and kicks them the rest of the way off. Cas showers his shoulders and neck with kisses, strokes his fingers over the hand print on Dean's shoulder, over the finger marks on Dean's hips.
Dean reaches a hand back to thread his fingers in Cas' hair. He doesn't have to tug because the minute he lifts his head and tilts it back, Cas' mouth is over his. Cas' lips are dry against Dean's, his mouth wet and too hot to be human. The kiss is messy and perfect, and Dean thinks he could do this for days.
Sam swallows, “Now, can we go to Bobby’s?”
Sam closes his eyes. I'm sorry, Dean.
, Remiel?" Amon hisses, disappearing again. "She remembers you. Little Emily dreams of wings and rising water. Why do you think we were drawn to her? Calling out for her angels but you were too deaf to listen. I listened."
Gabriel swallows, because it's too late to run. They were too complacent. Too trusting that someone wouldn't eventually rain fire down on their heads. Now they were going to pay the price and so help him it wasn't going to be Castiel or Elle. He reaches into a place he hasn't touched for years, skirting the dull brass of a trumpet he'd forgotten existed, and wraps his fingers around familiar leather. It's with a ripple that he pulls his blade into the material plane. It's bigger than the one he gave Sam, the balance would have been all off for him. But it still gleams like starlight, a curved khopesh that hasn't seen bloodshed since the First war.
There it is, a bit of pride welling up in Dean now because that is just freaking awesome and that's
“In a minute,” Gabriel snaps and Sam frowns.
A month later Sam is laying on the couch, going over maps, when he gets a phone call from his dad. They had been exchanging words here and there. After Castiel had rolled his eyes and explained that “Yes, you two, your father knows how to
“We’ll get through the shield,” Remiel says and the whole kitchen turns to stare at him. “I’ve been going over the logistics of the attack. They took Sam, and Elle. They tried to take Dean. I believe that in some twisted way Zachariah is still trying to push the prophecy through. I think he means to trap Lucifer and Michael into their respective vessels. He doesn’t think they’ll question it when they’re called.”
Gabriel turns his head and gazes at Elle, who's happily drinking her bottle in her new highchair. Innocent, and happy, with no concept of what her mere existence has done... Sam wonders if he ever looked like that or if he was tainted beyond innocence even then. "He'll take her and keep her as his own. He might even see it as his due. Something denied to him."
Dean sees himself how Castiel sees him.
. He remembered laughter and copper blond hair and the flutter of dyed fabric drying in the breeze. Two sets of hands on his borrowed human vessel, three bodies curled up in furs, the way Barachiel radiated joy like a sun whenever they were all in that tiny house. The time he was content before the Flood, before the Morningstar truly raged, before he doubted, before he fell.
Anna's blush deepens and Barachiel's face splits into the biggest shit eating grin Sam has seen on anybody. "That right there, my good man, is an offer."
He leaves Bobby and Emily in the kitchen and heads out into the darkened yard. He doesn't see Gabriel anywhere but after a bit of straining to see in the dark, he catches sight of light coming from an old VW van. It's seats are sitting beside it and Sam figures that's a pretty clear sign that Gabriel's in there.
to get between Amon and the wards. He has to tell someone that Lucifer is missing... He has to... He gets slammed into from behind, and he hits the ground hard, losing his grip on his blade. Remiel grits his teeth, he can still sense his sword, somewhere to his right, something...
Gabriel is sitting on the kitchen counter, which has earned him several glares from Robert. Elle is eating bits of pancake Dean had cut-up for her, while Castiel had dealt with one of Elle's shifts out on the porch. He really needed to remember to speak with Robert about some way to help her control them. Dean happily seems to approve of the pancakes and Gabriel has risen slightly in Dean estimation. He wonders if he should let his brother know that if he really wishes Dean to trust him by way of food that pie would be a more likely substance. Castiel, though, is sure this is more because Gabriel wished to eat pancakes, with chocolate chips in them no less, than for any other reason.
"So what were you two talking about?" Dean asks.
He nuzzles the angel's throat in what he hopes is a reassuring manner. "We've got to have a plan. Worst case scenario sorta thing."
It only takes a moment for Castiel to have her in his arms and then he sees the smoke billowing at the gate through the kitchen window. There's too much of it for it to be an actual fire, no flames, there's nothing out there to burn. It's not...
A long squealing peal rings through the air before it buckles. He sees a face he doesn't recognize and he slams his blade through it's forehead. The door is hanging on by it's hinges now as angels try to jam their way through. There's too many, the door frame buckles as Crowley stands his ground.
“Thank you, Dr. Phil.” Dean sighs, “Look, I don’t want to fuck this up, okay? Any of it, and that means not only this shit I’ve got going on with Cas but with you too. The flock is more important than that.”
“Took you two long enough.”
Remiel inclines his head just slightly. "If my orders change, I'm sure you'll be the first to know."
Spoilers: Up to 5x10
Any other day and Dean just might laugh.
"That is a sexy beast, Gabe! Look at those abs!"
“Uhhh,” Dean knew she was gonna have a problem with that. “It’s his nest.”
"Michael? The Archangel Michael? Who's supposed to burn out my brother and leave him a empty shell. That Michael?" Sam asks quietly. He keeps his eyes on Gabriel's fingers... it's calming.
"Me being an idiot again," Sam tells him, not really wanting Bobby to be pissed at him too. Time enough for that later.
Barachiel grins widely as if pleased with himself, and slides his hat into his hand almost absently. He spins the hat between his fingers, and rocks forward onto his toes again.
Elle's crib is empty, when Sam gets downstairs, but he can hear Gabriel's voice in the kitchen and Elle's chiming laugh. He picks his way through the stacks of books and around the couch and chair towards the kitchen. Sam leans against the doorway, watching Gabriel fiddle in a cupboard with Elle on his hip. Gabriel's talking in that lyrical language to Elle, who's waving her lion at him and pointing at the bowl of strawberries that had appeared at some point during the night. She squirms and and reaches, wriggling in Gabriel's grip, and Sam holds back laughter at how exasperated Gabriel looks.
The fledgling is crying. The sound cuts Raphael like a knife and he follows the sound through the compound. Demons melt aside and he clenches his vessel's jaw, if Zachariah did not speak for Michael, he wouldn't tolerate any of this. One of the lowest ranking angels, wearing a female vessel, hesitatingly approaches him before he reaches the source of the sound.
"Fine, but you're putting any lost fingers back on."
For a moment it's like the old times, Michael wreathed in fire just fiddling around with his papers. Barachiel doesn't know what to do for a moment, he'd expected wards or traps, he expected Michael to have been tricked into one of those prisons that Anael has spoken of, that Anael had been
"What is his issue?" Robert frowns as Barachiel shifts Remiel to the floor so he can look at him.
Gabriel nods. "Keep your family safe until I return."
Dean is on the phone trying to read an exorcism in Bengali so hopefully Rufus won’t get eviscerated by a ghost panther. He’s got Abe tucked under his arm because Abe decided in the middle of Dean being on the phone that he was, all of a sudden, not happy in his nest.
It takes a bit before Sam sees the realization dawn on Luc’s face. Then he’s got an armful of blubbering angel and Gabriel is leaning back with a ‘he does that’ look on his face and a smile. They curl together until Luc stops crying and they send Gabriel to bring back a roll of toilet paper so he can blow his nose.
“Baby, baby, sweetie, please. Just calm down and we’ll fix it? Okay?” Dean is pleading as he rocks her and strokes her head, his face a grimace of pain the entire time.
Fingers tighten in Sam's hair and jerk his head back. "I think you'll find that you'll be begging to say yes when I’m done with you." He leaves a bloody hand print sticky and wet across Sam's neck. A mockery.
“Them,” Gabriel nods as Sam follows his gaze to the living room where Luc is watching TV with Abe in his lap. It’s an old kung fu film and Sam smiles when Luc reaches down to cover Abe’s eyes when the fighting starts. “You know how we usually raise fledglings?”
"Be safe, brother," Gabriel tells him.
"No," Gabriel says instantly. "Don't bullshit with me, you need to stay with Elle and Dean. I'm not gonna argue about that, even a little bit."
. I'm sorry."
. “You were supposed to ask me to marry you before we had kids.”
"Remiel," Lucifer breathes.
"Swear you won't hurt her," Sam forces out.
There's a thud against the door, then a pounding.
The silence grows, thickening with the smoke and Amon sighs like a bored school child. "We could be at this for ages, Remiel."
"It's too dangerous for you to go alone," Castiel insists, reaching out to tighten his fingers on his brother's shoulder. The fear of losing Gabriel again is too great, especially with Remiel having come so close to death. "I will go with you."
It takes him a moment to recognize Gabriel but then...
"I am well aware of what needs to be done, Dean."
“He’s going through the motions.” Dean finishes.
“I’ll be on that,” Remiel nods. “That leaves War.”
Sam tries not to snicker at that.
"I am easy," Dean jokes on a low groan. He still can't move his hips as Cas holds him still, making him just lie there and
Dean smiles as he wanders over to the stove and peers into pots. Ugh. Green. Sam must have made dinner. He looks up again as Sam dries off the lion with a kitchen towel and hands it back. "Look, see, he survived."
There’s squeals and grumbles but then Abe spots Gabriel’s cupcake and by the time Sam is done rinsing his plate, Luc and Abe are sharing it while Gabriel pouts.
His mind is made up, he is going to ignore him. Lucifer bade him to simply guard the house and protect the fledgling. He'd gone after Anael because she'd presented a security risk and well, he was never fond of Jhudiel in the first place, he certainly wasn't going turn aside an actual opportunity to fight him. Fighting was calming, the simplicity of battle, it was almost as calming as tracking or...
Despite himself and his reputation, he screams.
Gabriel's hand jerks away as if he'd been burned. Sam flushes and turns his head away, hurrying to finish up Elle's bottle.
he would like the toy that Michael, the giant show off, gave him best."
Lucifer tries his best to not look worried, or interested really. This tentative alliance he has with Michael is hinging on him not doing anything rash.
Sam is.
safe...
Gabriel sharp gaze shifts from Dean's hand to Castiel. "Why didn't you heal him?
in. He'd been sure Cas was going to storm out of the house and confront the others but instead he'd picked Elle off the floor where she was playing, handed her to Dean, and said "Gabriel would not bring danger on us purposefully, Dean." But Cas had still looked tense and wary, even for a few minutes after Gabriel had brought Barachiel inside.
Barachiel shrugs. "Fair enough."
“Do we need to have a conversation about reading my mind?” Dean frowns.
"Oi? You gonna give me a bloody hand here or you gonna just faff about?"
The pain slides out of Dean, more aches and pains than he was aware of easing under the archangel’s touch. There’s a part of him that wants to tell him off, that wants to tell him to get his goddamned hands off him. But that part is small, so small in the face of how badly he wants his mate and his little girl back.
A/N: Major thanks to sweetsyren for putting up with how long these parts are getting. Also we've broken Big Bang word count, too bad this isn't a Big Bang. Whoops? Also, I direct your attention to homg! Baby!Cas fan art by ani_bester http://community.livejournal.com/ameonna1_writes/6645.html
having the support of his brothers. He'd
This was not supposed to be his life.
"In the past few days we haven't really had a chance to..." Dean gets a flick of a glance, "think."
The moment of triumph is short lived. In the space of a second he knows that Amon is behind him, feels the air move above him, he scrambles making a last ditch effort to turn away, to
"And then you forgot?" There's too much accusation in Castiel's tone, too much disappointment and it feels like a chain, tightening in a place that he thought he'd gotten rid of.
"He what?" Gabriel's words are sharp, disbelieving.
Right, he hadn't exactly gotten a Tiffany's box yet so...
her best. So to speak." Color creeps across Sam's face. "Uhm, did Cas know she was coming?"
Dean can't help but smile, it's just so... normal. "Cas, you have to put it together first."
"Great," Dean hisses as he checks the colt.
"We were gone awhile," Gabriel comments.
Castiel turns and smiles, it's happy and full of pride, and damn if that smile doesn't make something twist in Dean's chest. It makes him more determined not to lose this. Ever.
It's at that point Robert comes into the room, and Castiel sees the man's eyes widen. "Christ," Robert whispers. "Emmy."
While Cas has somehow jammed himself up against Dean’s side despite the very clear conversations they’ve had about cuddling.
Finally he hobbles out of the bedroom going as fast as physically possible for him and yanks open the front door right when his dad is about to start jimmying the lock.
"Then how come Zachariah’s calling all the shots?" Sam steps forward so that he's even with Gabriel.
Gabriel flinches but when he looks back up at Dean it’s like he’s seeing something he missed. Something he hadn’t been looking for. “You love him,” he whispers.
Gabriel is peering through the front window, and his entire body is a tight line of coiled energy. Sam can't help but remember the Mystery Spot, the raging desperation hidden the features of a creature that Sam couldn't even fathom at the time. He looks over as Sam approaches and in an instant is holding his other sword out to him. Sam's sword. Their fingers brush when he takes it and it's all Sam can do to whisper, "Don't do anything stupid."
With that said Gabriel turns and walks out of the kitchen, sparing a glance for Sam who sighs and leans against the doorway. Castiel frowns slightly before making a decision and going after Gabriel. Dean can protect their child, and he knows Sam would help.
Dean's not trying to eavesdrop as he walks slowly back and forth behind the couch, rocking the fussy Elle gently. Bobby's in the kitchen, making a phone call to Emily's mother. Elle had been restless since Remiel had been injured, fussy in a way Dean's never seen her and it's almost worrying. Dean thinks it's just that one baby tooth finally breaking through but it could be something else.
sink to begin with..."
"Well, when an angel loves another angel..." Barachiel gets another smack before he can finish that sentence and switches tact. "Inquiring minds want to know if you and Gabe are, y'know... courting."
Gabriel resists rolling his eyes. "Fine then. Anna help with the wards and try to keep the arguing to a minimum."
... Then... Then it all goes quiet. It's silent. Not like when that man, that
"If you harm her, I will find a way to kill you," Castiel says matter-of-factly, as if he were talking about the sky being blue.
"Elle?" Barachiel's eyes light up. "That’s her name, is it? Very nice. Very human. Like it."
"I cannot," Castiel admits, hanging his head. "I lost the ability to heal anything but the most minor of injuries and even those take a great deal of energy."
"Lord Michael?" And the two twats are suddenly there in their borrowed skin, posturing around like bouncers on a Friday night.
"Great," Sam sighs and rubs a hand over his face. He was hoping for a little more time before everyone started hating him again. "I'll stay out of his and Dean's way for a while." The ever present fear spreads in his chest. Fear that he'll lose Dean. That this is the final straw and now that Dean has so much more to protect...
"You're tired," he says softly, carding his fingers through her hair.
In direct response to his sense of self preservation Dean lets this stranger, except Dean knows he isn’t one, take Abe from him and gather him to his chest.
"Sam," Gabriel sighs his name and opens his eyes, hazel meeting green. "Sam, just fucking be a bother, alright?"
She would know her brother, wouldn't she? It sounded right, Gabriel was a force of nature and Sam was just... Sam was holding his blade. An archangel's blade, and a dozen little things are starting to add up. The small touches. The sitting. That look in Gabriel's eyes when Lucifer was in the dream. It was panic and fear... He couldn't get Sam out of there fast enough and Sam had tried convincing himself that it was because of Elle, that he was endangering everyone. But... if Sam was a danger to everyone, Gabriel never would have handed him the blade.
Sam's fingers tighten at the thought of that, of how much he suddenly wants that. To be on his hands and knees in the mud, or on his back, with the rain pounding down on them. "Next time," he promises. He leans up as Gabriel's mouth leaves his skin, presses his mouth to Gabriel's in a demand for a kiss.
"Thank you, darlin'," Bobby says and it's almost surreal how normal it all is.
Barachiel doesn't hesitate, flipping the towel in his hand until he can grip the handle, Remiel jerks against him the moment his hand brushes it and then Gabriel is on both of them, pinning Remiel, holding him still. It's a terrible thing to watch, but Castiel isn't sure he can look away. Had the demon been trying to get through the wards? Had it not known that Remiel would be there? How...
"What about this?" Sam asks, tilting the blade in the half light. "Barach looked like it was a big deal."
“Yeah,” Dean says, snagging the corner of the playpen and wheeling it down the hallway after him so Cas doesn’t have a choice to not follow. “I mean it’s probably not as big as you’re used to...”
“It was my idea.”
"Michael," Sam breathes.
She does laugh then. "Things were simpler when I was just Anna Milton. I miss that, but I have Crowley back and I can't resent that," she looks at Sam and gives him a small smile. There's a story there, with Crowley, but Sam knows this isn't the time to ask. "Sorry, you didn't need me unloading on you like that."
Gabriel winces like Sam has wounded him with his words before rolling his eyes. "Thor and I only dressed up like women that
Zachariah isn’t looking so pleased anymore, he isn’t even looking angry. If Sam had to describe it in two words, he’d say scared shitless. Zachariah has whirled around to face Gabriel, clearly feeling safer to have his back to two human hunters and an underpowered angel than an Archangel of the Lord.
Oh, she had to be kidding him...
But Jo flips the blankets back and grins, “Hello, handsome!”
"Well I
Before Gabriel can respond there's a sudden raise in volume from the arguing pair.
Dean wonders who changed her into it after she burnt up the first one when she shifted, because Cas had been holding a naked baby when Dean headed in to take his shower.
"Reeeeeeeeem."
Dean figured he was set, because grown angels didn’t sleep. Awesome. Only Abe’s... Not dad,
"Complete, I can head out at any time. With Zachariah still out of commission things are in a bit of disarray. It should be no problem," Barachiel assures him in their own tongue.
"You know, Crowley. I'm actually beginning to think that you
"Swear it."
“So, now we just wait?” Dean asks, because that sounds like a lot for them to ask him to do. That sounds like too much. He needs Sam and Elle back and what if Remiel’s logistics were wrong? What if Zachariah knew Michael was coming?
So far all Dean’s picking up is the cursing. But he mostly blames that on Gabriel.
He says it in English and Barachiel sees Dean glance up, trying to read between the lines, between him and Cas. It's Robert that thankfully puts an end to it.
"Yeah," Gabriel says already knowing he's going to regret this. He sets his jaw and
Luc makes a hurt face and that’s it, Sam can’t take it anymore. He’s going to do something stupid and it’s bad enough that Gabriel is barely holding himself back. He stalks out of the living room and gets out the front door before he starts yelling or crying or something... He doesn’t know how long he’s out there, crouched in front of the railing trying to get himself under control before he starts making the windows shake.
“It’s simple; he wants you to chase him.”
He yanks a shirt on and slips down the hall, stopping just out of sight to hear Dean sigh noisily, “How long was this on the net?”
"I don't believe so."
"Close," Dean echos, with a glance that lets Castiel know that Dean knows exactly how 'close'.
"Zachariah is lying!" The statement echoes, it bounces off of blank walls and very suddenly Barachiel knows exactly how Gabriel was feeling when he showed up at the front gate without a damned idea about anything. "Nothing is under control! Zachariah is fucking it all up! Zachariah is commanding angels! He's commanding bloody Archangels! He had Raphael fucking try an' kill Castiel!"
Gabriel's head falls back against the blankets, and his fingers dig into Sam's skin almost to the point of pain. His hips roll forward trying to get Sam deeper. "
with a… baby angel.
“Uh, okay.” Dean nods as his dad sets the basket on top of Dean’s notes spread out over his desk.
He shifts his arms and curls them around Castiel’s waist.
"Calling me a liar are you, Samuel Winchester?" Gabriel asks in a tone of mock offense.
Sam finally nods. "Okay. We won't talk about it. I'm going to take a shower."
They fall asleep watching infomercials and Dean dreams about feathers falling through darkness.
"It wasn't four decades!"
Honestly, it was like pulling teeth; from a dragon. Sam sighed and sat back. "I was just wondering what it meant. I mean, from all my research there wasn't any mention of well "baby or fledgling" angels or anything. It was implied that God made them all fully grown..."
Anna stumbles back as she hears glass breaking, the angels on her side of the house have taken to the sky but she isn't so sure about Barachiel and Remiel's side. She's halfway on the porch when she freezes. Dean is hurt, frantically trying to grab a blade he can't reach and Jhudiel...
“Yes, Bobby. Love you too.” Dean smiles into the phone as Bobby grumbles at him and hangs up.
Gabriel turns his head away from the bathroom door quickly. "I'm just..." he shakes his head. "Don't worry about it, Cas. I'm not going to do anything to the boy. He's made his feeling about me pretty clear."
There, fingers tightening around a knife. He's through the smoke, sliding to the left as he hears Amon grunt, blade striking nothing. He tries to counter, blade sweeping through smoke but he doesn't hit anything. Again and again, blades through smoke, striking nothing. He would be panting if he were human.
"I did."
"Shit!" Dean jumps about a foot and a half when Barachiel pops into the kitchen.
When they both have stopped shaking and sniveling and generally acting like silly things, Castiel looks up at Gabriel and sighs,
"Are you going to tell me what happened or are you going to be a dick about it?" Gabriel asks, cocking his head to the side.
Dean puts Elle in Cas' arms. Elle wraps her fingers around Castiel tie, holding her lion with the other. She babbles a mix between his language and English that really isn't understandable. "Thank you," Castiel says, but Dean shrugs him off.
"Waiting for the fireworks to start?" Dean asks, cocking his head to the side.
"I dunno," Emily turns from the stove. "It totally sounds like Remiel is right. You can't tease him for getting beat up if you sunk Atlantis."
He’s finally using dish soap on the baby’s wings when his cell phone goes off. Dean sighs, rubs his free hand on his jeans and yanks it out of his pocket.
The pair blur in the center of the room and Anna hurries forward to get to Crowley, dodging breezes and sounds more than anything else. The demon knife tingles against her fingers but it breaks the devil's trap well enough and she cuts the ropes holding Crowley, catching him and cradling him against her chest. She spares one glance up as the windows shatter around her. Jhudiel is screaming as Remiel pins him to the wall.
The baby fusses twisting around in the chair before realizing she's not going anywhere. She scowls up at her Uncles, and waves her lion in the air. "Down," she commands.
Elle's tiny wings unfurl, leaving spots of chrome on Castiel shirt.
Abe is passed out in the playpen in a total sugar coma. Gabriel found some cupcake place that made the things the size of Abe’s head and brought back a dozen. Which resulted in pink frosting
Crowley is silent. Everything he planned for is lost. Because of Anna. Because he was weak and he chose her. He should have left. Hid like he said he was going to. She would have let him. She would have probably forgiven him. But he knew the second he saw Jhudiel that it was too late. Too late for him. He was already in this shit. Winchesters. He should have known.
It’s a baby, well, sort of.
"Faff? Seriously?" Gabriel stepped off the porch and crossed the yard. "You've been on Earth too long, Barach."
It means nothing, it can't mean anything, but his words falter for a moment and Sam looks concerned where he leans next to Gabriel. It takes less than a moment for Gabriel to recover, continuing his story of how Anansi asked the raven to take her thread and fly it high into above the earth so she could climb up into the sky. Sam is warm against Gabriel's side and he wants to draw the story out as long as possible.
"Son, your father loved your mother. Never stopped loving her probably until the day he died, and I'd be willing to bet long after," Bobby tells him, and there a sharpness in his voice that surprises Dean. "And you boys were his life, don't you forget that."
Dean hopes Gabriel is gonna work with them on this because he can’t lose another family. Gabriel swallows and opens his mouth, but that’s when Cas walks in, carrying Abe and they both have that ‘why the hell am I up?’ glare.
"You're
“He’s here because after all the paperwork I went through keeping him I wasn’t exactly going to hand him off to some random asshole at the Home.” His dad frowns at him and Dean winces.
“I believe Gabriel is building you one,” Castiel turns back to his notebook, “along with several chairs.”
There's no one in the yard. Just mud and cars. No bodies, no blood.
Dean shakes his head and makes a pained sound in the back of his throat. "I lose everything good, Cas. Everything. I can't be given something like this without strings. It doesn't happen for me." There's anger and pain and fear in Dean's voice, making it ragged. "I love you. Dammit, I love her. And I know the moment we start making plans, the bottom is going to fall out. Something's going to happen... that Goddess is going to take her back, another Angel is going to show up or a demon or something and... and were going to lose her... And I can't..."
The kid spins around gaping at him. Gabriel snaps his fingers before the boy - now a girl - starts to scream. Alex is moving his mouth but no sound is coming out. Perfect.
Which was dumb because running from relationships was what Dean did best. He could go down the list, Cassie, Victor, Lisa, Ash... Fuck. Plus he wasn’t sure if he liked Cas or if it was just three years of celibacy telling him that this was an excellent idea. Did angels even have sex?
"Oh some of them are, but others are... it's hard to explain in English. There aren't words for them. Some are... cousins, I guess you could say. Others are pagan gods that grew tired of the world and just want to watch now," Gabriel tells him with a half smile.
The sadness, regret, and heartache that pour off of Dean when he speaks of his father or his mother... Castiel wishes he could ease them. But he can't. He can't wish that John and Mary Winchester didn't meet the fates they did. He wouldn't have Dean then. Or Elle. Castiel is selfish, so very selfish. He knows so many sins (Pride, Lust, Greed, Despair, Wrath) first hand now and cannot regret a one. Castiel slides a hand up Dean's back to the bare skin on his neck, and rests his fingers there. "Did he come with that strange name?"
Dean rolls his eyes, shifting the baby in his arms. A small head rests on his shoulder, and blue eyes watch Gabriel. "The point is, for some reason she decided to reward us for our 'great service' to her. And then poof, I'm holding a baby."
Now is the warmth of blankets, the stillness broken only by gasping breaths and whispered words, the knowledge that this isn't a stolen moment... It's earned. Cas' burning hot skin presses against the length of Dean, his cock hard and leaking against the small of Dean's back.
It’s silent for a moment before he hears his brother, “Dean?”
Sam rolls his eyes and starts handing out food.
Cas is still rocking against him, hard and hot inside, when Dean resurfaces. His mouth drags against Dean's neck, and his wet, sticky hand is splayed across Dean's stomach.
"You just stay in your corner," he says which sounds like the smartest thing she's heard all year. "Just stay there and hang onto that little one."
"I... I feel asleep on the couch, Dean. He saw the crib," Sam's voice crumbles into nothing. His shoulders slump as if he could curl in on himself and avoid Dean's anger. It's only then that Dean really remembers that Sam is holding a blade. "I didn't tell him, though. He thought it was mine, and I was going to let him think that. So you could be safe, so Elle could be safe, but he saw the lion in the crib and he
"Haven't been courting that long, Sammy," Gabriel tells him with a sigh, like he regrets that.
"My Lord bade me to simply observe and report. I must admit, I am almost appalled at the lack of security protocol your people are operating under."
He really doesn’t want to confess that he just wants to keep Cas busy. I mean, it sort of worked for his dad and him.
The young man in question is the star of the football team and most popular boy in school. He also has a nasty habit of spreading rumors about girls that won't fuck him, not to mention what he says about
away the boxes of books that had been shoved against the door and pounds down the stairs.
Sam sighs; he thought about it but there hadn’t been enough money. He was hoping she’d be entertained by the TV or well… them but… Castiel makes a curious noise as they finally get the baby untangled from him and shifts her in his lap as he reaches into his pocket.
Castiel practically growls, “You will not touch her…”
“Hey Cas,” he goes for nonchalant and tries to jam any surface thoughts he has far away from where they might be heard.
He must make a noise, Dean's not sure, but suddenly Sam is shushing him. "Hey, you'll wake her up. She just fell asleep."
Dude, he totally sounded like a harpy.
Gabriel, Archangel of the Lord, doesn't expect at all what he finds.
The angels have breached the panic room. He's moving before he knows it, trying to gain some sort of ground for... A burst of color among burial clothes, red flannel and he sees Emily. She's still curled around Elle, screaming and trying to jerk away from the dozens of hands pulling her up, out of the stairwell. They're passing her along like communion at church. But they aren't hurting her.
Dean sits up completely. Elle is still giggling and is babbling to her lion, making it hop across the bed. "And you want them to see her "angel" form." There's no judgment behind the words.
"Most likely," Barachiel frowns. "But these aren't recent. She's had them for a long time, since she was a kid, I'd reckon."
"Define "protect"."
Bobby clears his throat. "You gonna stand there swaying until you drop her, boy? Go upstairs and sleep, I think me an' an angel can handle a crib."
Gabriel growls, “Demons.”
"I think she's cutting a new tooth," Dean says, conversationally. "She's fine, fell asleep on my shoulder."
“Yeah.”
He finds her a few miles off in a barn that's thrumming with poor quality techno and full of kids who are too busy getting drunk or high to notice him. Prudence is an easy find with pink hair and an orange sarong, barefoot and curled up in the hayloft with a teenage couple that probably isn’t going to be prepared for the consequences of this night.
"He called me a moron a few times when I went to check on him, then said the accommodations were horrible and he wouldn't be recommending Hotel Winchester to his friends," Sam tells her.
He wants this connection. He wants Gabriel in his bed for all his days. He wants the soft touches and stories under the stars. He wants Gabriel so much that his heart hurts with it.
Sam tries not to worry when Gabriel and Anna are gone for most of the day and then into the evening. He tries to keep busy, helping Dean move the crib up to his room and he tries not to think that it's because Dean doesn't trust him. He goes over his books, his notes, tries to work out the modifications the spell he showed Gabriel would need. He tries to track down all the protection sigils, wards, symbols, and runes he can find. He reads until his eyes are dry and he can't focus on the words.
It's been a long time since Gabriel has wished that he could just slink away into the dark somewhere and never come back. Sam isn't like that. He wants to desperately tell Sam that Raven is crazy and she has no idea what she's talking about and if she brings up that incident in Prague he's going to kill her. But when he opens his eyes Sam is grinning at him, trying to not laugh as Raven goes on about Gabriel's histrionic personality disorder, though she completely mangles the word and how usually his relationships that are based on hate sex only last about a month. Oh honestly...
Castiel lets out a breath and Gabriel bumps his shoulder in silent thanks as he turns and heads back in the house. Castiel watches him make his way past the kitchen and nods quietly to himself as he sees Sam turn and follow Gabriel down to the panic room.
This is why he left. He can't be the commanding Archangel everyone expects and needs him to be. He doesn't want this responsibility. He doesn't want this... connection.
“You planned this.” Sam breathes.
Perhaps Castiel stands at the foot of the stairs too long. Barachiel has already come back inside, and retreated into the kitchen without a word. It is not that he is... hesitant... to speak to Dean but he doesn't wish to fight with Dean either. Dean's temper always burns hot. Often with righteous fury behind it and it is part of what drew Castiel to Dean. Sometimes though it burns too hot and Dean lashes out, often at Sam and Castiel. Though Castiel will admit he has sometimes deserved his mate's fury.
Dean shifts, nosing his way against Castiel's neck before he settles.
. The only war is the one that's coming."
Bobby raises an eyebrow and Dean can
"Do you recall the Flood, Remiel? I wasn't there for it. I heard it was magnificent."
“Look, I found him and I...” His dad’s voice drops a bit as the baby wriggles and resettles itself. “I figured you could use the company.”
“I am keeping busy.” Castiel answers making Dean wince.
Dean relaxes. He wants to give Cas the things he wants.
"She does like her bottle," Cas says softly.
he whispers in his mind.
"Called her a monstrosity," Gabriel growls. "I think he would have killed her even if she hadn't been another glitch in his prophecy. If I hadn't gotten there..."
"Can they get through that door?" Emily whispers.
Dean lives with this for a month before he corners Gabriel out on the porch.
But the flash of metal doesn't belong to him. The left side of his face splits open, and Jhudiel is screaming, light running out like a waterfall as he stumbles back. Crowley is pulling her to her feet. He's covered in blood but he still has her sword.
"Lucifer’s been outta hell how long?"
“What are you doing?” Dean asks, because Cas is writing in Enochian. Long flowing script that’s forming a pattern Dean doesn’t recognize.
archangel," Barachiel finishes. "Fell with the Morningstar."
He enters the room the wail is coming from and finds Mendel holding the fledgling. This isn't, though, the human child they'd taken from that traitorous fledgling of Gabriel's and the stubborn righteous man. It could be Castiel when he was first delivered into Gabriel's care, when he still wailed in fright at Michael. She's shadow and light but instead of wings of shadows her tiny wings are molten chrome, which is splattered all over the room. She wails, crying in Angelic and English for her fathers, for her uncles.
Then there's a chiming sound as she shifts, becoming light and shadow and tiny wings of liquid metal that makes Castiel think of Dean's car.
"Joking!" Sam backpedals as both angels let out a breath. "But really, what are you talking about? This whole courting thing?"
He knows for a fact that the archangel is on his last nerve of the day and he'd hate to make it worse. But he'd also hate for Gabriel to get impatient and just read what happened out of someone's head.
Castiel nods in agreement. "Unless someone lets them out, they cannot leave the room. It should be a safe enough place for Crowley to finish healing and for Anna to recover."
"Hang on, when you say Heavens orders you mean
Castiel goes to pull away but Dean's refuses to let go. "Why not? You don't want her!" he hisses back.
Castiel shakes his head, still frowning. But now it’s a slightly guilty looking frown, like he's just realized he's forgotten something important. It's the sort of frown he wore once when he'd misplace his little gold lion or his boat, "No, she did not. We have yet to have a chance to discern one for her."
"Goodnight, Sam," Gabriel manages, though his voice feels tight in his vessel throat. He watches Sam walk back towards the house.
Anna is talking to Castiel as Sam makes his way past them... "As soon as we've got an opening, get to the panic room. Crowley will have Elle and Emily out of here faster than anything..."
Cas' smile is brighter than the dawn.
He scratches his head, knocking his hat slightly off kilter. Sam waits for a moment, he's expecting Gabriel to say something, but Gabriel doesn't, and it suddenly hits Sam that there's an Archangel standing on the other side of Bobby's gate. There's a freakin' Archangel on the other side of the gate -- and okay Gabriel's an Archangel too but it doesn't feel the same in Sam's head. And this guy doesn't look like an Archangel -- but neither does Gabriel -- and okay this isn't helping. Maybe, Barachiel isn't an Archangel, Cas keeps saying the bibles wrong about stuff....
"Something is trapping us in here. Crowley is also trapped."
you," Gabriel says, biting Sam's lips. He drags his blunt nails across Sam's heart. The thunder is closer, clashing in the sky and lightning illuminates the night. "You should hate me."
"Can you teleport out of here, Cas?" He breathes, watching what looks to be a storm gathering on the horizon.
Dean doesn't know what to say to that. Doesn't know if he should be insulted at the crack about him and Castiel or just ignore it because Gabriel's hurting. Fuck, no wonder Cas was so... agitated and Barachiel looked like he was about to lose it out there. And shit, shit, what does that mean for Cas since Dean's got his mark on his shoulder?
going to be able to be part of that. He doesn't want to think about the closed door of humanity that separates him from Castiel and their daughter.
Gabriel's face stayed neutral though Sam saw the barest ghost of a frown. "Are you looking for a definition of the word or a history?"
"No one cares what you like, traitor," Jhudiel hisses. "We should have torn your grace from you when we had the chance."
Barachiel chuckles as he returns to the fridge. "Your mate's giving you bad habits. "Bein' cheeky to archangels now, are you?"
There's an explosion of light outside, something that takes out the rest of the windows and the angels are screaming. Dean spots Castiel pushing his way out of a pile of abandoned vessels and the house is silent for a brief moment.
That earns him a full body shudder and sharp cry that rattles everything, making the metal around them vibrate. The sound makes Sam's ears ache just a little, but God it sounds beautiful. Gabriel shakes his head back and forth, hair sticking to his skin. "Can't... I'd... can't control my grace."
Dean cups the side of Cas' face and turns it towards him. He kisses him softly, chastely. "Okay."
The light in Gabriel's eyes expands and there's no color left, almost nothing but that light. Gabriel arches up under him. "Close your..." The hand on his neck pushes Sam's face against Gabriel's shoulder. Then light bursts, spills forth inside the confines of the van. Sam barely closes his eyes in time but he knows the light's still there, can feel it seep into his skin, and Gabriel's coming between them, his body squeezing Sam.
"I doubt that. Now Anansi...."
Dean has gone quiet and still, he's thinking, frowning over the crown of Elle's messy curls.
"Yes, Jhudiel, but Anael was not present and there wasn't any evidence of use to us."
"Gabriel left heaven because he thought I didn't need him anymore," Cas interrupts. It's a painful truth to admit but Castiel is so tired of Dean being angry at the barest handful of allies that he has garnered. He's tired of watching and waiting and worrying. He's tired of that uncertain look that passes between himself and Gabriel, as if they are never sure that they can be what they once were. The same look that Sam wears when Dean starts yelling, when he starts giving into fear.
Castiel wrinkles his forehead. He still does not often get human expressions. "No, I was not planning to, Robert."
Sam digs his fingers into Gabriel's hips. "Give it to me," he orders, begs. He flattens himself against Gabriel, kissing him long and filthy. Rolls his hips but doesn't withdraw.
Cas is sitting on the arm of the couch, peering down at Abe, his hand is dangling in the playpen rubbing his wings. Dean isn’t sure how he should play this.
His mind flashes back half a year, with Lucifer rising and the whole world suddenly looking like it wasn't going to hold together, he remembers being drunk and laughing with Raven, with Seagull who was too stupid to know what an archangel was. He remembers telling her that it was all going to go to hell but not for them, not for the tricksters, because the tricksters could hide, they could slip behind the moon and know one would ever know. But that was before. Before fledglings and family and large hands and soft brown hair.
He can't see and he gets shoved forward into the kitchen before he feels a hand like steel wrap around his knee. He gets dragged back about a foot and then feels the crack before pain tears up his leg and makes him choke. Shit. He squeezes his eyes closed and tries to breathe, because if he blacks out, it's over.
He's trying to move, struggling to get away while Barachiel struggles to keep a hold of him. Castiel and Gabriel immediately slide between him and the humans in the house because the fallen is dangerous when he
Gabriel's grace brightens in a way only Castiel can see, but the way his eyes light up would be obvious for anyone that looked for it.
It turns out that Gabriel is one of those take charge kind of people. With the double set of wings and the whole ‘first garrison’ thing Dean isn’t very surprised. He gets Castiel off the floor and between him and Dean they lay the angel on Dean’s bed. He won’t let go of Abdiel but Dean just tucks Pig in with them and the baby curls up against well... Dean swallows, that is his father isn’t it?
"Next?"
He tosses the towel over the side of the tub and starts pulling on the clothing he brought in with him. Sure, he and Cas fuck (make love), and sure Sam's seen him in his birthday suit but he ain't putting on a show. And he and Cas haven't had a chance to be alone in almost a week. Cas gets handsy when Dean exposes a lot of skin around him, and Dean's not going to tempt fate.
“I dunno,” Dean rolls his shoulder because he hadn’t really thought about it. “Baby.”
Sam is only vaguely aware that he's staring at Gabriel's fingers, golden in the light, when Elle burbles something and drops her bottle with a 'thunk!'. Sam lets her pull herself up on his shirt and extends his arm for her to hang on to as she wobbles a foot before letting herself down, hard, in Gabriel's lap. The Archangel winces and Sam closes his eyes trying not to laugh.
"I suspect he will come for you soon. Both your fathers will." Dean Winchester will say yes to Michael, Lucifer will have his vessel, Castiel will be destroyed, the traitors would be punished. Michael will triumph over Lucifer as he should and Paradise will come. This was surely their Father's plan. Michael would not lead them astray.
“Look, Father has left him in my care and I am to train him as any other fledgling.”
He had intended to speak to his brother but... But Gabriel had been in Sam's room when he'd risen with Elle and... He hoped they wouldn't ask him to tell Dean this time. He wasn't sure if he enjoyed playing the messenger when so many things could go wrong. Perhaps that was another reason why Gabriel left. It really was a terrible vocation. Elle has switched stories and is talking about flying again which makes him smile. He would be pleased to not have to worry about taking his daughter flying. There's still so much she hasn't seen, things that he hopes will still be intact once all of this is over.
“How many demons are still loyal to me?”
Jhudiel turns. "Why should I, Samuel? Is there something you’re willing to barter?"
"Don't worry, we'll take good care of her and your angel."
Fuck, he’s really gotta start asking more questions about this whole process. Gabriel is still frowning and Dean thinks he’s had about enough of this.
And sure, she might be Castiel's and his
to ask but he isn't sure if it's appropriate. Gabriel looks tired, not at all like the smirking trickster Sam was used to. He looks like whatever they glimpsed in that circle of holy oil, something old, ancient, powerful, and apparently content to lay slumped on Bobby's porch in the sunset.
"Let's say I theoretically wanted to encourage this."
Shit.
Dean drops his head on the dining room table as Gabriel rolls his eyes, “Cas.”
Slowly, he wonders if he's missed something, because he remembers Michael and the Morningstar. He remembers how mated angels used to sit. In perfect pairs, one below the other.
Dean elbows him before he finishes, dropping his voice, "I may have had to make some eyes at the cashier to get the fries, don't tell Cas."
He smiles again, leaning down to kiss her forehead. "And us," Dean's necklace hangs down from his shirt.
"I do not think he will wish to fight," Castiel murmurs over Elle's head, trying to reassure his mate.
Sam grins, because hey, he's been notorious for
"Ah, that..." Barachiel starts as Castiel turns, suddenly, too suddenly and makes his way upstairs. He gets an angry glare from Dean and stays quiet because yeah, he deserved that. Elle makes a sharp distressed noise as Castiel leaves. She says something that's not quite clear before starting to chew on her lion again, while fat tears roll down her face. Barachiel watches as Dean rocks her, disappearing into the kitchen, shaking his head.
Lucifer and Michael are still in the kitchen, bickering about something. Lucifer is alway angry, hissing and Michael talks to him with a hell of a lot more patience than Dean’s ever had. He’s been eying them all morning. Lucifer’s vessel is whole again, healed up and there’s color in his cheeks. He looks well, normal, like he could be a real person instead of something rotten inside someone else.
Chapter Three: Houses of the Holy
Dean is not really a nightmare having person. Sure, he’s had times in his life that have sucked but usually shit doesn’t get this vivid. He’s blaming the tail end of this stupid cold. He wakes himself up because he’s making this half strangled goat noise and somewhere in the middle of trying to not dry heave at the thought of glassy black eyes he realizes that there are hands on him.
"Yeah," Sam breathes.
“You aren’t this cute!” Jo grins as she snuggles her nose into downy wings and grins, “Oh! He smells like cookies.”
But when he wakes up Cas has Tylenol, cinnamon tea and oatmeal waiting from him and it’s all gooshy with maple syrup like he likes it. So he forgets about bitching.
"Other than existing?" Dean asks sharply. The baby makes a sound in her sleep, and Dean soothes her with a hand on her back. Sam gives him a bitchface. "Don't give me that look, you're the one that does all the extra credit research. Angel and human babies aren't allowed, Sammy."
Dean grumbles and he’s pretty sure he’s protesting that he’s fine and he’s gotta answer the phones today and he still has to finish up the reports he got from the eastern hubs... But Cas keeps swaying him and he closes his eyes against the motion, what the hell is the angel doing?
What? Why would he-? Sam starts to think that maybe Luc’s gotten the wrong idea from all the yelling.
"You know where the Winchesters are?" There's a curious note to his voice, still angry but the demon takes it as a good sign.
"Castiel tied himself to you the moment he gave you his mark, Dean. There's no going back on that, no matter how you treat him," Gabriel says finally, but it's obviously not what he wants to say. "Where are our brothers by the way?" It's an obvious attempt to change the subject but yeah, Dean can handle that.
"Gabriel, thing's not
Gabriel, for the first time, wishes that his Father is truly gone if only for the sake of Castiel's fledgling. He sets his shoulders and goes to find dear Prudence.
Elle sleeps on and her uncles stand watch over her for a while longer, neither speaking.
Castiel reaches a hand out and shoves Dean backwards into the wall. Dean hits the wall with a audible "oof" and -- Father forgive him -- Dean looks betrayed. "I have tried speaking with you! If it were just me I would give you all the time in the universe, Dean. Our daughter, Elle, cannot wait for you to come around to accepting her existence. I will not subject her to a parent that loves her only when it doesn't trouble him!"
As he tells the story, something occurs to him. It's something that shouldn't because Sam is human. Sam is human for all the demon blood in his veins, for all the blood of angels that flow through his bloodline, for all that he's meant to be the vessel for Gabriel's bright and terrible brother. But the thought comes and it curls around him. It sinks down in his mind until it becomes words.
His mate stiffens besides him, clenching a fist in the sheets they sit on. "No. How about we talk about why you knew about Sam's dreams before
"What would Lucifer do to her?" Sam asks, voice strangled, as he watches Elle.
At least it can talk, thank goodness.
Dean's got Cas' tongue in his mouth, and his hand gripping Dean's shirt, and Dean's pretty damn alright with that. It's been days since he's gotten to touch Cas like this, and the thought that his stubbornness almost made the time without longer, maybe forever, scares the shit out of Dean in ways he doesn't want to think about. So he clutches Cas tighter, his fingers resting at the bare skin just above Cas' collar, and wishing he had two good hands not just one.
"And since
Dean grins and presses his face into Cas’ chest to keep from laughing. “I was trying to tell you that humans don’t cuddle unless they know each other really well.”
So Sam watched him over the top of his book. He'd fixed his clothes sometime during dinner though his jacket was over a chair in the kitchen now. Gabriel had his eyes closed, his fingers idly tracing symbols on the baby's back as she slept, runes that meant protection, that meant
“Abdiel,” Sam says over the phone and Dean blinks.
“So what exactly is going on?” Dean finally asks before he dies of suspense.
His head is tugged down and Gabriel's kiss is all possessive heat. "Forever, Samuel," Gabriel says again as if Sam's going to change his mind.
ravens land in Gabriel’s circle, coming up to him in unison and bowing their heads. Gabriel lifts his hand from the dirt, turns it over in supplication and Dean isn’t sure what happens. But Gabriel curls his hand around something that Dean can’t see as the birds fly away, spiraling up into the sky.
She's at him in a moment, sliding into the space where he used to be. He's fast, frighteningly so, he was always so
Gabriel grins at him, "Aren't I supposed to be telling you that? You're the one with the lousy track record."
Sam's not sure he'd say it was good. Nothing was ever good or how it used to be, and that was his fault. Mostly. But, maybe...
Anna makes a noise very much like a laugh, sliding her arm around his waist, gently as if he'll break. "I'll protect you," she promises between kisses.
"He is not my boyfriend!"
"What is he to you?" Dean breathes. "He's not just a brother, he's something different."
Sam snorts loudly.
For a moment Dean is tempted to go to him. But he doesn’t know what he’ll say. He doesn’t know the exact specifics of what happened between Sam and Gabriel. Now there’s the small terror that he’ll never know. He looks down as Castiel reaches up to curl his hands in the cuff of Dean’s jeans and tug. Dean slides down to sit on the step, his arm coming up to pull Cas to him. Nothing feeling quite right until he’s got Cas tucked against him.
“Zachariah should let the shield down long enough for Lucifer to be let in,” Remiel says.
Chapter Four: Dancing Days
"Gabriel," Castiel starts moving behind his brother. Following him out onto the porch.
It isn’t until Luc has scarfed three Twinkies that he starts yelling, “Why won’t he take me home!? I didn’t do anything!”
"Just tell us all at once," Gabriel orders.
Remiel's screaming is horrible, Castiel can feel it under his hands, and seems like it takes forever, one long dragging moment trapped in time before Barachiel flings the blade to the kitchen floor and presses his hand to Remiel's shoulder. Remiel goes limp against him and it's then that Castiel realizes he's been holding his breath. Castiel sits back as Gabriel does. There's blood on both his hands, dark smears of it everywhere. Robert is standing, glancing from the woman, Emily, to the kitchen and back. Sam and Dean are huddled in the kitchen doorway, the same pained expression on their faces, Dean's hand running over Elle's hair as she sniffles into his shirt.
“What’s going on? Where are you?” Sam’s already out of the bedroom and down the hall as Luc takes in a shuddering breath.
She gives him a small smile and changes the subject. "How is... how did he hold up?" she asks looking towards the basement stairs.
"Yeah," Dean says, "Pink hair, kinda bubbly..."
Dean thinks maybe he should leave this alone, but he wants answers. Needs them. There's a bigger picture here and he's got a feeling he needs to see it. If just for Cas and Elle's sake. "Y'know it would have been easier to explain to Bobby what the fuck happened out there and why there's a demon in his basement, if I understood myself."
Sam struggles to hold his head up. "Elle, it’s okay. Won't let them hurt you."
Barach hangs his head, twisting his hat in his hands. "Wasn't thinkin' straight, sorry."
Cas nods, and brushes his finger tips against Dean's, and it feels as intimate as any kiss. Then he moves away back towards where Barachiel and Gabriel, and Sam are talking. Gabriel says something with that snide grin of his that makes Sam laugh, traitor, and Barachiel grin.
Dean curls his fingers around the cold porcelain of the sink. Something had spooked Cas though. Spooked him enough that he called Gabriel -- which Dean still thought was a really shitty idea. Then again, Gabriel had seemed a little -- spooked -- as well. Dean frowns, and resists banging his head against something.
Thunder booms almost directly overhead, the skies opening up. The rain comes quickly and hard. It intrudes upon their nest, leaving Sam shivering as the cold drops hit his overheated skin. He flings out an arm as he arches into Gabriel and grabs a hold of the door pulling at it until it closes. Sam runs his hands over Gabriel's back, spreading the cool water across his almost burning skin.
She jerks her head towards Remiel's voice as he steps out of the dusk. "I have to go."
Dean nods sharply. "Good," he says.
The Archangel in question keeps talking, "Anyway, I ask around and end up chatting to a couple of pagan birds who told me you'd gone Trickster - nice move by the way; fun job, nice perks,” he said nodding approvingly, “They were goin’ on about how one of their lot hit the bottle a bit hard one night and went and made a little angel sprog, and gave it her rescuers as some sorta reward which is what Zachariah was so pissed off about. I put two an' two together and worked out it
Luc is asleep and Gabriel looks tired. His sleeve is torn and there’s a smudge of something across his temple.
"The height also tipped me off," Emily's lips form a thin line. "I knew before... bits from that... thing's... thoughts."
"Est dilectus meus," Dean whispers back, fumbling the pronunciation but meaning every word. It's a chick flick moment but Dean doesn't care. He doesn't fucking care.
"Pffft," Barachiel rolls his eyes and then shoots Sam a suggestive look. "Don't listen to her. This is man time. I need you to be serious. Now, just where has Gabriel touched you?"
The room is quiet for a long moment, only the sound of the low sound of the cartoon on the TV and their breathing. Dean leans down and gently picks up the baby. "I just don't want to talk about it," he tells Sam, retreating back to his bed with the baby. "Okay?"
Dean shakes his head, wondering if he should read something into the fact Cas didn't give him the time down to the second. There was a time he'd have done that. "I'll eat when we're done."
“Evil Abe,” Dean smiles back because really, those notes weren’t organized at all. “Making me clean my desk. Just for that I’m putting a halo on you and taking pictures.”
"You know that's a load of shit, Gabriel. Those humans, they're brothers, yeah, but they aren't what Michael and the Morningstar were to each other. Castiel's a sure sign of that. He's
Wrists.
Remiel screams when Barachiel finally gets a hold of the handle and pulls. Castiel hears Dean and Robert gasp and Sam grunt, he's kneeling by Remiel before he even knows it, covering his mouth before he can hurt the humans and trying to hold his other arm as the fallen struggles blindly. Elle is crying in distress, almost wailing, her form shimmering as if she's going to shift while Dean rocks her, keeps his hand cupped around her head so she doesn't look, and Castiel closes his eyes as he hears Barachiel, voice wrought with desperation.
Barachiel snorts, but he's looking at Gabriel and Sam with the sort of speculation that means Gabriel is going to be teased later.
Castiel frowns. "Anna then, if she's well enough. She knows Crowley will be safe here if she leaves him."
"You're a little late," Dean finally croaks out. Five minutes ago Dean would have said yes. If it saved everyone. Now all he can do is stare at the archangel, in a perfectly fine looking vessel damn it, who was supposed to... The one who was supposed to be dealing with all this shit in the first place and...
"So, we thought that well... something was going on. But Gabriel won't say anything one way or the other."
When the world was new and everything was as it should be, Lucifer was the Morningstar and he lived in a bower with his mate. He had a mate, a lover, a confidant, a brother... Now he has nothing.
The next moment is a blur.
Which is how Dean Winchester ends up with an angel sitting on his kitchen floor, sobbing in relief as he rocks Abe back and forth who is making confused happy noises and getting peanut butter in the guys hair.
He turns as Gabriel leans in the kitchen doorway, a beer bottle dangling from his fingers. His expression is pained and Sam feels his chest tighten. Castiel had been a wreck when they'd brought Crowley in, and Anna... it had been like looking at a ghost, he'd never seen her so pale and lost. He'd spotted Barachiel outside yelling and tossing his hands up while pacing the fence with Remiel watching him, his arms tight across his chest. Asking Gabriel if he was okay is probably a dumb idea. Instead he takes a step forward and slides the empty beer bottle out of Gabriel's hand, brushing their fingers together. Gabriel sighs, something low and aching as Sam leaves the bottle on a bookshelf. He'll deal with it later, he's got something more important to deal with now.
Gabriel grabs Barachiel's arm. "We have to make sure."
"Fine, fainted. Don't shout, your voice gets all high and you sound like a harpy."
Dean strokes his hand down Elle's back. Her fussing has quieted somewhat and Dean's wondering about that woman on the other end of the phone. That's why he was... is a hunter. To help people, to save the innocents from all the things that go bump in the night and let others sleep in their beds without ever knowing about those things. Then it got complicated. And this is complicated because that woman's... Diane's daughter isn't going to be able to go home anytime soon.
"What the fuck is it now?"
to know this. "I want to be there for you."
"It means that Michael the fucking Archangel is so fucking out of it that I doubt he could find his own arse right now without a map and a Sherpa," Barachiel hisses and turns to the kitchen sink, dropping the empty bottle into it with a clatter.
There's a soft chuckle. "Well, you've proven yourself useful after all."
"You were dying," Anna insists, anger of her own in her voice. He thinks her wings are out but he can't see them, not now.
His mate smiles slightly. "I should feel bad about being happy about that."
Gabriel frowns. He's sure the humans will love that, and he's not thrilled himself at the thought of a demon under the same roof as Elle, Castiel, and Sam. "And put them where? Do any of us trust a demon... even Anna's demon so close to the fledgling?" Gabriel demands, giving Remiel and Barach hard pointed looks.
“You know I don’t know what that is.” Dean rubs his hand over his face because he didn’t think it was gonna be this hard. He figured he was gonna get a ‘my brother hates Earth’ and that was that.
Gabriel narrows his eyes. "Because I said so."
Dean snorts. "And you and Gabriel are best buddies now, huh?"
Dean nods, "I can tell you where we saw her last. She might still be hanging around." He grins slightly, "She said something about a party she wished she could invite me to."
Sam smiles against the top of Gabriel’s head as he drags his fingers through Gabe’s feathers, “We’ve had this conversation. You are talking about an angel that got raised as a human, and not very well. He’s not sure what he’s supposed to be doing and the people that ‘helped’ him before were either assholes or they didn’t know what he needed.”
What? Dean looks from him to Anna who stands and says, “At least fifteen thousand demons.”
Gabriel knows almost a dozen ways to kill a demon but to heal one? His mind is coming up blank. He can hear Castiel and Dean talking behind him on the porch, quick, hushed words that he can barely make out under Anna's keening sobs and now... Shit, now Barach is whimpering because his sister won't look at him, won't let go of the demon, won't pull back. There's a shift in the air and the sound of chiming glass and then Remiel is there. Gabriel thinks it's been millenniums since he's been glad to see that shifty bastard.
"Oi!"
"I have too many family members to hide all of them effectively," Gabriel says in a long suffering tone but Raven just smiles and walks up to him, bumps his shoulder with hers.
Sam rolls his shoulders. "Dean is... you might want to give him a wide berth for a bit."
"This was your childhood toy?" Castiel asks, sitting down on the bed next to Dean. He reaches behind his mate to run his hand over his sleeping fledgling's back. She's curled around her lion, her hair is a mess, and her face needs to be washed... but she's perfect.
Castiel catches the pendant, wraps his hand around it, something protective flares in him at her declaration that it was
"Sam!" Elle chirps, squirming more before Gabriel puts her in the highchair.
"Barachiel circled the house a few times before he landed. Elle's been happy all morning," Cas reminds him.
“I don’t think Luc got a chance to make connections like that either,” Sam sighs but looks up as Gabriel stands.
Dean loses sight of Bobby as he uses a discarded angel sword to take out two in front of him. He sees Cas go down for a minute, a minute too long, they're getting past, heading down to the panic room.
Gabriel doesn't say anything his mouth pushed into a thin line.
Wait? What?
Chili done, Gabriel snaps his fingers sending the bowl into the kitchen sink secretly hoping to scare the shit out of someone. He's thinking of turning Barach's hat pink, just for the hell of it.
Raphael raises a hand for silence. He trained Mendel in healing, so long ago, and the younger angel had never acclimated to the battlefield. "When did her form change? She was in the form of a human child when she was retrieved from the enemy garrisons compound."
Ten minutes later, he's behind the barn and Pru is staggering around giggling and trying to not puke.
"Your mate is an idiot," Gabriel snaps and Castiel just nods like this isn't new information. "You didn't tell him about Sam's dreams, did you?"
little’un and there weren’t much bein’ said to be honest, but I kept hearing about these Winchester lads and how much of a pain in the arse they were bein’," he says giving Sam a look that Sam really can't interrupt. Gabriel sighs in annoyance but he's ignored. "Turns out these same lads had an angel on side. Bein’ the clever bloke I am, I recalled that, last thing I heard, Castiel was kicking about with a couple of humans. Not exactly a stretch to think one was related to the other and of course wherever he went, you wouldn’t be far behind, especially seen as there’s a fledglin’ involved. So now we got Castiel, we got you, them human lads, and another little’un, mix that all together and I figured something was…well,
“I thought he would die if we didn’t find Abdiel.” Gabriel sighs and for the first time Dean sees just how hard he’s been working to hold everything together.
“Maybe. I don’t know.” Dean scratches the back of his neck because well, wanting someone to keep busy so they don’t lay down and die is one thing but having them know about it is well...
young man's room, to be exact.
"I dunno, he's not making any sense, it's probably the poison. He thinks..." Barachiel rolls his eyes. "He thinks she's someone else. Someone we knew like a billion years ago. It's probably why he didn't attack the demon that was in her."
me. I tried to fly away and it...”
"Can't say demons don't have twisted sense of humors," Dean growls under his breath.
"You three have been lucky to keep it hidden as long as you have," he tells Mendel softly. "Leave this battlefield to come, either retreat to heaven or find a safe refuge here on earth."
The demon glances up just barely. "I know more than that. The fertility goddess, she rewarded them. The older Winchester and that angel."
Gabriel turns his head, just slightly, and meets Sam's eyes. "You're good with her, though she's still annoyed at you over her lion."
Castiel looks down at his beautiful fledgling who is yawning and blinking her wide blue eyes, reaching one hand out for him, well, probably more for his tie. Dean chuckles as she squirms until Castiel picks her up, kissing the top of her head and cradling her in the crook of his arm. She's still half asleep, babbling something about kisses and light. Then she sees the teddy bear, tucked in between Castiel and Dean and makes a curious noise. Dean passes it over along with her lion that had slid under him.
Dean is angry and worried and still half asleep and he sounds
Cas shakes his head. "I do not think that will be a issue, Dean. Bobby adjusted the gate wards for me the last time we visited his home," Cas reminds Dean. But you can't fault Dean for not remembering, a lot of shit happened right after that. Stuff Dean doesn't want to think about. "As she is -- a product of us both any ward keyed for us should allow her as well."
“Morningstar?” He asks and Lucifer growls.
It’s Sam so he ignores it, but now he’s not sure about the protocol anymore. He answered the last time Sam called and the time before that. It was kind of a relief because Sam didn’t call to ask stupid crap, Sam called to ask how Abe was and to bitch about stupid nerdy Sam things. It was so ridiculously normal that Dean almost forgot that they were supposed to be fucked up and not talking.
Gabriel swallowed. "He stopped caring."
Dean knows that it’s way too early to be awake. The windows are still dark behind the curtains and he can’t even hear any of the birds that are usually up greeting the dawn and doing whatever the fuck birds did. Besides be noisy.
," he complains.
It's early, early enough that the blankets still contain the best feelings of warmth, of cradling and comfort.
"Oh, fucking hell," Barachiel looks out the window once, quick, before turning back. "What the fuck is he doing here?"
“Yes, I think so,” Gabriel has to raise his voice to be heard.
"What happened?" Dean demands.
Dean turns his head and sits up slightly when he see's Cas. His cheeks go pink in a way that Castiel finds endearing. "Hey, Cas. Come to join playtime?"
The others just stand there, motionless pawns and she can't tell what's keeping them from teleporting until...
! What the hells goin’ on, Gabriel!?"
That answers that.
"Somethin's wrong. Something is..."
A beat passes before Sam breaks into laughter and lets Gabriel push him into the van and shut the door behind them. Sam is still laughing as Gabriel kisses him and gets him all muddy because he can, because this is his mate and it's his right to get him all dirty and make him laugh until there are tears in his eyes.
. His fingers dig into the place between Gabriel's shoulder blades again, almost reflexively.
"Crowley," Anna says again, worry clear in her voice. She nuzzles at his throat and drops kisses along his unmarked collar bone.
Somehow during all his protesting Cas had walked him into the bedroom and before Dean can really start complaining Cas has pulled off his shoes and flipped the covers over him. He waits until the angel leaves because if he really thinks that’s gonna be all it takes to keep him in bed...
Dean lies in bed that night thinking. He’s by himself but he gives it an hour before Abe starts fussing and Castiel hovers in the doorway until Dean yells at him to stop being a creeper and get over here.
Gabriel shrugged. "Fun while it lasted."
By the time Dean reaches his room, Elle's fully asleep, on his shoulder. He knows he should have put her in her crib, but since finding out about Sam's "dream", the thought of Lucifer standing over his baby girl makes Dean want to keep her close. He finds Cas sitting on the edge of the bed, eyes distant, lost in thought. Cas' trench coat, tie, and jacket are lying across a chair, and his shirt is mostly unbuttoned. He looks... way too disheveled for Cas, and Dean gets a horrifying double vision of that future Cas laid over his. For just a moment he wonders if that Cas and Dean had an Elle, and if losing her is what broke them more than the end of the world ever could.
“And we’ll get them back.”
“Bobby,” the baby says wisely, waving her lion.
"She will not cease in crying," Mendel says in distress. There's such pain, heartbreak in the other angel's eyes. A healer forbidden to heal a charge he's been given. "Lord Zachariah bade me to keep her quiet after he brought her from Lucifer's vessel..."
"He weren't the same after the First war, it just got worse after that. You'd stay away for ages before you left for good, you didn't see all of it." Barachiel rolled the unlit cigarette around in his hand. "You didn't see how bad he got."
"Hmm?" Michael seems to remember what he's doing. "Decades? Really? It hasn't seemed that long. What have you been doing?"
"You're impossible, sometimes I don't even know..." Gabriel mutters in their tongue.
He thinks the look Cas gives him as he passes Abe over is the closest thing to a smile the angel knows how to do.
That look, it's a bit... intense. He doesn't know how Dean does it. "Um, was that too much?"
The vessel's eyes are focused on the ground. "The," there's a pause as if the angel is searching for the correct word, "child is injured. We have been forbidden to heal her."
Oh, that son of a bitch. That smooth talking piece of shit.
"Yeah, I know," Dean rolls his eyes before his smile lessens, but it doesn't fade. "So, are we good?"
"Aw, you're not going to get all thoughtful on me again? You were like that after all the wars. Had to get you pissed to shut you up." Barachiel stands back and sighs.
It’s all Sam can do to try and change that.
"Crowley? As in the demon Crowley who had the Colt?" Sam breaks in.
"Ah, ah," Remiel holds a finger up. "You know I don't take orders from you, so don't even try. Wipe that purposeful look off your face."
“Morningstar!” Michael hisses and he turns back to the mess that is his brother.
Bobby chuckles from over a fork full of bacon. "She'll be stealing credit-cards in no time."
“Why not?” Dean asks, trying to not smile.
"Raven..." She's practically shrieking now and she's gonna wake the whole house up if she keeps at it. Gabriel is debating if it's worth the bite he'll get if he tries to shut her up manually.
“It’s called communing. I could show you how to do it if you want.”
Gabriel unfolds himself from the floor, rising to his feet. Sam's eyes shift from the large tome in his lap up to Gabriel, and Gabriel would like to flatter himself that it's because Sam doesn't want him moving then curiosity.
"Hey, mind company?" Sam's voice breaks through the quiet and Gabriel's thoughts.
Dean nods, even though Bobby can't see it. "Yeah, bottles and stuff. We're not sure if she actually needs to eat."
Anna's mouth falls open as Barachiel's eyes widen. Okay, maybe that wasn't the smartest thing to have said.
"Go ahead, I don't need the stove top," she turns her head slightly and theres a keen intelligence in her green eyes. "There aren't any fresh apples." There's a note to her voice like she's already taken Bobby to task for the lack of fresh fruit in the house.
“From what I gathered from the database it seems that the case is still open because the hunter that testified had every word that came out of his mouth red flagged. Autopsy showed crushing trauma, and from where the body was found it was ruled as accidental. But from the testimony we can’t tell what exactly happened.”
"No," Dean whispers, his face gone pale. He pushes away from the wall, moving forward into Castiel's space. The fingers of his good hand curl around the edge of Castiel coat and jerks at the fabric. "You can't take her."
Dean lays on the bed with the baby on his chest and tries to not think about hamburgers. He tries to remember what he knows about angels. He remembers the pictures of angels in Bobby’s books, their wings spread wide with trailing tattoos down their spine.
"Sure."
Michael lets out a long breath as he stands, “Then we move.”
"Try it!" She grins and if it we're Barachiel, Sam would have said "hell no" but Anna's okay.
Dean watches as Bobby bundles Emily into his truck. He’s taking her home, which, shit, might not even be there for long if they mess this up. Remiel and Barachiel are standing in the driveway together watching the tail lights disappear off the road before they both shimmer out of existence. They’re going to get all the human hunters, teleport them when Michael gives the signal. Anna and Crowley have gone to round up all of the angels and demons they talked to this morning.
“An avant garde sculpture filled with peanuts is very different from what I had in mind for the library.”
"Castiel, shit, I'm sorry," he gets out in English. It's tense for far too long until Castiel nods without looking up and now Barachiel wants to explain, he wants something... Castiel was still so young when it all happened, he's still young. Barachiel shouldn't be laying this at his feet. Especially not now, not in front of his human mate and his fledgling and...
One by one they turn to Castiel. Dean's eyes are wide and he looks like he's three seconds away from shaking his head but he holds it. Gabriel's a little proud of that. Maybe these humans
Sam blinks and turns suddenly, Gabriel is on the other side of the crib, reaching out for him and Lucifer is laughing.
that."
Shit.
"Morning," Elle repeats, cheerfully.
Anything Gabriel had been thinking came to a messy and crashing halt. "What!?"
He scrubs his hand over his face, exhaustion settling into his bones. "Any chance of other angels coming to our side?"
Remiel scans the dark horizon and nods. "It might be best," he agrees.
"Protecting you is not something I'd call a
Dean rolls his eyes. “Not ever, ever. But it’s still too early to make any sort of permanent decisions.”
“You moved my desk,” he blurts and he remembers he used to be better at this talking thing.
Sam probably makes a bitch face but Dean is too busy watching Cas, watching his body language. Which is kind of like watching the body language of a statue, but he's had his hands all over that body, he knows Cas. His angel had gone all silent fury when Sam had come in and told them Gabriel had let an angel in -- an
There is the impression of vastness, of greatness and grandeur, but it really is just bland and pale like everything else had become.
Another whine and a broken whisper. "Please..."
Sam shrugs, taking a swig of his own beer and leans back against the windshield. "But you like food."
Sam smiles and leans over to help his fledgling.
“So were all confused?” Dean asks and Castiel nods.
Castiel re-entered the motel room, with Gabriel behind him. "Sam..." the words die in his mouth as he sees that Sam is gone and it's Dean stretched out on the bed with the baby. For all Dean's protests, he seems very comfortable sleeping with the child so close.
Gabriel thinks,
Anna stirs against his chest. "Crowley?" her voice sounds strained, as if she's been crying, screaming.
what he wants.
Sam takes a seat at the tables and starts to eat. Elle abandons her pancake pieces and reaches again for Dean's injured hand.
"No, I will not. My search for Him is less important than being here with you and Elle," Castiel says firmly. It's the truth. Though now that he's a father he cannot understand why his Father would have abandoned His children.
Gabriel stops on the porch as Cas wiggles around in Dean’s arms to look at his brother. Gabriel is holding a sheaf of papers, some with wax seals on them and others with ribbon trailing off. Dean can make out that some have been typed and others have long spindly writing on them that he can barely make out. There’s a small array of feathers coming out of Gabriel’s pocket and perched on his shoulder is the tiniest owl Dean has ever seen.
“So, is that it then?” Barachiel asks. “Anna and Crowley will lead the garrisons while me an’ human hunters come in around the edges, make sure nothing slips out to cause trouble later?”
"The baby," Castiel says, slowly, as if he's picking each word carefully and weighing it against others, "when she shifted from human to angel form blinded him. It did not affect me."
Barachiel has fallen silent and it occurs to Gabriel that he doesn't know who Castiel named Elle for. He never met the woman himself but Cas thought highly of her, and that was good enough for him in this case.
Bollocks.
War comes and goes and comes.
The phone stops ringing and then Sam immediately calls back.
“That’s really creative, Dean.” Sam sighs. “Look, that isn’t all. If these things match up with the research I’ve done he’s got a flock.”
“No problem,” Dean says.
Life goes on, Gabriel forgets, he learns, he becomes something else. Something new, something stronger, something vindictive, and then two stupid humans come along and it all finally breaks like a pane of glass.
A smile quirks at the corner of his lips and he wonders how they started coming to him so easily now. Dean's eyes are half open and he's glaring as Castiel shuts the door and slides back into bed. Dean grumbles and tugs at Castiel's shirt until he acquiesces and removes it, letting his mate, his human mate splay across him. Angels hadn't been encouraged to mate since Lucifer fell. It made them soft...
He snags what’s left of the coffee before he slides out the side door just in time to see his mate kick a bookshelf apart while cussing rather magnificently.
Words feel too clumsy for all that's flying through his head. Sam tips his head back again, a sign of trust, of submission. Gabriel groans as if he'd heard everything Sam had been thinking. He kisses Sam's throat, hands cupping Sam's head, curving around the back of his skull. Then he's pulling Sam forward capturing his mouth in an almost chaste kiss.
"You just gonna stare or you gonna get over here?" Dean's drawl is sleepy but sure.
Fuck, fucking fuck. That was not what he needed to hear. Remiel is powerful and can be practically unreadable at times but... Jhudiel is just a cold bastard who should have fallen years ago. Gabriel can't imagine that Jhudiel has improved since he's been gone and Michael's been locked up in his tower trying to forget the world.
Cas stops him midway up the steps. "Should you not eat, Dean? Your last meal was almost twenty four hours ago."
It’s the first time he’s seen anything close to joy pass over Castiel’s features since this whole rotten business has started.
Chapter Five: Wearing and Tearing
Anael steps forward, still wary and sits rather primly next to Gabriel, on the side farthest away from Castiel.
Barachiel laughs. "Course it does! You got parts when you're in a vessel! It isn't all wings and longing stares anymore. You humans have the right idea."
He keeps himself still, no sense in giving away anything, not until he'd fully taken in the layout of where they were being held. He can feel the wards, heavy, complex, a devil's trap added in for good measure. These are wards that keep things in as much as they keep them out. Demon and angel. Some are new, he can sense the freshness of the power, angelic in nature, pulsing in them.
Remiel is on the other side of the gate, leaning on it nonchalantly and examining the buttons on the sleeve of his coat. He's turned to the sun, seemingly just enjoying the air. He doesn't turn when they approach or even take notice that they're there.
"Lord Raphael?" the angel's vessel's voice is almost trembling. It... troubles him. There was a time when even the lowest ranking angel wouldn't fear him. Why would they fear their Father's Healer?
Wait a minute. He can't sense anything. Something was blocking him. He must make a face because Robert is right there givin' him the evil eye.
"Yes, I marked her," he says back in their tongue, ignoring the looks he gets from Dean and Robert.
The voices around him blur together as his lips move.
“It is not funny.”
Elle shrieks with laughter as Dean tickles her and blows on her stomach. Castiel see her form shimmer slightly, just before she catches sight of him. "Ol Gaha Ol," she calls.
Dean stands up, still blinking, and crosses the short distance to Cas and the baby. "It's just the way babies are. Sammy was like that," Dean assures Castiel. Dean's hand brushes absently over the back of Castiel's neck before he holds his hands out for the baby. She quickly latches on to Dean, settling comfortable into the elder Winchesters' arms.
“It was not a very difficult decision.” Gabriel states proudly, “In the end.”
to the idiot Winchester and Bobby is well, the closest thing he has to a father. So in some silly, unimportant, roundabout way Bobby was family now. Family.
Barachiel is shaking his head, eyes fixed on the horizon. "You don't do that. Castiel's the youngest; you don't do a thing like that to the youngest."
A demon.
"I doubt my Father would be entirely pleased about this, Pru..."
It’s kind of funny watching a baby try to figure out what food is. Dean’s used to how Sam was when he was little. Always hungry for anything he could get. But this is Abe, propped up on the couch against Pig, with his hair all messy frowning over the bottle that Dean gave him like it was a small explosive.
and find exactly what's happening, but she counts on at least one angel and several demons. Which of her brothers could it be? Not Remiel, he stills watches the yard and house like a stalker. Someone powerful enough to break through Crowley's wards... or maybe they caught him on the street? Had he been looking for her? God... Father why didn't she send him word that she was
Sam raises his head. "How can balls of burning gas be interested in anything?"
Sam stumbles as the entire house creaks and he feels the floor tilt. The angels in the hallway are suddenly thundering away, following something. For a single second Sam thinks it might be over, but then the window behind him shatters. The entire room warps around him and he sees the wards shimmer before the wood they're written on warp and crack. Angels stream in through the window, grabbing at his limbs, clothes, hair, anything they can get a hold of and he can't keep a grip on Gabriel's sword.
"I'll go give Dean the heads up you're here," Sam says and Gabriel hears him retreat into the house.
"Not quite like yours," Raphael tells her.
"And that's supposed to make me feel better?" Dean demands. Elle latches on to Castiel's shirt collar, the trench coat was laying across the back of the sofa, and makes a demanding sound, then says a word Dean is quickly figuring out means
Anna yelps as all of a sudden the hands on her are gone and she's falling. Crowley lands on top of her as they tumble out of the laundry room and she blinks up at the new skylight the kitchen is sporting. Along with it's two and a half walls. The angels are gone. It's quiet except for the creaking of the house and after a moment Crowley lifts his head and she smiles. He looks at her like she's gone completely daft and just as he opens his mouth she surges up and kisses him. It's really the only way to shut him up. She stops when someone clears their throat above her.
Cas shakes his head. "No, Dean. Now."
She sniffs and nods her head. "Want Daddy. We go to daddy?"
Dean blinks and then shakes the look he has off his face because he's a fucking idiot and he almost... He spares a look for Cas who has come up behind Elle and is brushing her hair off her face as he crosses the kitchen to Bobby's six phones and picks up the one that has 'Home' taped across it. He's expecting a hunter or Rufus or maybe Emily's mom calling again. He could handle that.
"The river was after that debacle with that naiad you insulted. This was definitely later," Remiel says assuredly.
Gabriel huffs out a breath and glares at Barachiel like he's deciding whether to let him in or kick him across the yard. The archangel grins, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet with his hands in his pockets.
"We're counting the horse."
And Gabriel can't tolerate...
"I want it," Sam growls against Gabriel's mouth. "I want you. I want this."
The house is quiet as Sam leaves his room rubbing sleep out of his eyes. He doesn't remember going to sleep or even going up to his room, but he remembers watching the stars, the cool metal of a junked car under his back, and Gabriel's voice steady and low as he told Sam ancient stories about the constellations. Dean's door is still shut, and Sam doesn't linger outside it. If Cas and Dean are asleep or not, well they deserve to have some early morning hours of peace.
Gabriel doesn't say anything for a moment, picking up the lion and tucking it in Elle's arms. "Yeah, it did." The Archangel's hazel eyes are dark, but they don't look away from Sam's. He reaches up and rests two fingers against Sam's lips to keep him from speaking. "But he's still your brother."
"I could not heal Robert either," Castiel says very softly in their tongue. His eyes flicker toward their host. Robert had done so much for Dean and Castiel hadn't been able to do just that one thing for him.
Perfect, wonderful, let him think that. "Well, you'll forgive me if I don't tell you everything."
loving, only for it to be taken away.
Sam’s half asleep that night but Gabriel won’t stop moving. He knows Gabriel doesn’t really have to sleep but the angel always spends a couple of hours curled around Sam before he gets restless.
"Yes," Dean counters. "If things get bad, we've got to have a plan to protect her. Even if it means separating. Even if it means me saying..." he trails off.
“He ain’t dead yet?” His dad asks as he bends down to grab something out on the porch.
“The horsemen are going to be the larger problem if we can even get through the shield they have set up,” Michael frowns.
Barachiel steps forward and slides all the papers onto the table as well, upsetting the owl who flap plops over to Michael. “I went back up to heaven for a bit, from what I gathered up there no one knows that Michael’s kipped off. Zachariah might not have expected him to actually come down here and check out his handy work. He didn’t expect someone to go up there and make a fuss.”
Sam laughs at the image as Gabriel smiles, something indulgent and proud. “I was afraid that Abdiel wouldn’t be able to make those kinds of connections. With the war on it was too dangerous to keep all our young in one place, and we didn’t have any other fledglings in our flock.”
I here? I doubt it was so you could eat popcorn and watch me yell at Barachiel for being an idiot. Which you are, Barach, by the way."
The entire kitchen falls silent. Dean swallows. Elle is watching all of this with wide blue eyes, more curious than anything else and Castiel has just gone pale.
“He doesn’t talk. He just stares at me or Abe and crawls into my bed. It’s getting kind of creepy, I figured he’d ease up by now.” Dean is trying to not fidget.
They're suddenly pressed skin to skin, cock against cock and Sam thinks he could come just from this. From the slow steady push of skin and against skin, and Gabriel's cock rubbing against his.
“Hey, I can take care of a baby just- Don’t put that in your mouth.” Dean is holding the bottle of soap away from the baby and listening to his brother crack up while he bites the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
"Now isn't she a little bit of something," Barachiel laughs. "An' not as shy around people as her Dad was, I see."
. That's a whole new mess then, innit? Might need some help with that."
grieving? What the hell happened, Gabriel? And don’t ask me to ask him.”
“I thought you didn’t like kids?” He calls as he shifts so he can hobble into the kitchen with the baby curled against him.
“You’d know,” Dean breathes out into the dark.
With a sigh Sam rolls over onto his back and waits for the crush of Gabriel, wings and all to settle over him. Once he does Sam slides his hands up Gabriel’s back and tugs just under his wings, digging his fingers under the feathers until the angel moans and tucks his face under Sam’s chin as he goes boneless.
Castiel is grateful for Dean's self edit. He doesn't wish to think what will happen to Barachiel if Remiel dies. They aren't mated but ...
Gabriel steps up and bumps Castiel's shoulder. "We could take her tonight, it should be safe now that the wards have been tightened. Besides, Barach and I are here." he suggests. "Unless you think your mate would have a fit."
Anna crosses her arms over her chest. "You don't have to answer anything this cretin asks you, Sam."
Gabriel was frowning as he landed among his brothers. The baby, thing, angel,
"I haven't seen you in..."
"Thank you," she whispers and hurries off. An angel in a male vessel was watching from a distance and she hurries to him. His hand brushes the back of her neck.
, he doesn't say, never says.
Sam is halfway to the peace and relaxation of the shower when his phone goes off. He groans and goes back to dig it out of the pile of sheets he just threw it in.
Jo shakes her head as she slips the baby into Dean’s lap, “Peanut butter.”
"Cas," Dean groans in hushed tones. He arches and rolls his hips backwards against Cas. Cas who's gloriously naked behind him, pressing those acres of warm smooth skin against Dean's scarred body.
The hours slide by as he lays there, staring at the green LED numbers of the alarm clock, watching as they count off the minutes and hours. He gives up around one and scrubs his hand over his face. Somehow he knows Gabriel is still out in the junkyard. Sam doesn't like it. Gabriel belongs curled up beside him and Sam wonders when he started thinking of Gabriel as his. When had his cautious like and affection, the careful dance of touches and bodies curled together to sleep but nothing more, turned into...
Sam is on the stairs, his head dipped, watching Gabriel in the doorway. For a long moment, all of them are still and then Barachiel shouts. Gabriel is out the door, cutting through the smoke and seconds later something screams and there's a low buzz as a darker cloud rises from the smoke.
Dean shifts, letting Cas ease out of him, before turning. He takes in the sight of Cas, lips bitten red, mouth slick, and he has to kiss him. Dean pushes his fingers through Cas' hair, runs his fingertips down Cas' spine. "What was that last part?" Dean asks, not expecting an answer.
Sam holds a hand up. "Yeah, yeah. I promise no more interruptions."
"Anna," Gabriel says, turning to look at her.
"Oh," Anna sits up. "It really depends on your partner. That's very human. Usually trinkets, jewelry or flowers, things to adorn."
"Being in a vessel changes thing?" Sam asks, trying to not think of glowing pairs of angels where every single
Gabriel reacts like he always has; he gathers his fledgling to him and shoots up, out into the darkness.
Elle giggles and climbs up Gabriel until she's standing again, patting at his face as he brings his hands up, lacing his fingers across her back to support her.
Elle makes a small "huff" sound, then leans over Cas' shoulder, moving her lion around through the air like it was flying.
Gradually, he flies away from Gabriel.
"Barachiel..." Castiel breathes as he watches the archangel shake his head, panic is creeping up on his features as he inches towards the door.
“You are on Earth.” Dean says, “You have to wear clothes on Earth.”
Barachiel sighs. If there was anything to be said about Remiel it was that he was a stubborn bastard when he got a hold of something. "If I look her over, if I
"No! Wait, hold on. I though it was a river then, not a tree," Barachiel frowns from where he's sitting on the counter, his attention split with trying to sneak half cooked food away from Emily and eating something that might be mayonnaise out of a jar.
Luc chuckles as Sam hangs up and jumps in the shower.
Sam feels a wave of guilt for his whole race. "Then we came."
“Geez, fine, marry me?”
Castiel looks to be about two seconds away from doing something angelically drastic when suddenly the crying stops. The silence is like a knife and Dean works his jaw, trying to pop his ears. Sam, though, is staring at a pair of
about the lion but he shakes his head and leaves the room. There are a bunch of little things that are adding up now, but he wants to talk to Cas about it. Because if what he thinks is true, Gabriel isn't really just a brother to Cas.
Dean turns, tucking the baby to his side. Sam can see the anger thrumming through Dean; he shakes with it.
"I'll always take a kiss from you, baby girl," Dean tells her. Castiel can hear the slight hiccup in Dean's voice, and wonders if Dean is feeling the same terrifying joy he had the first time Elle named him. He's so good with her, just like he must have been his brother.
Gabriel laughs at that. "I enjoy the tastes of things." In honesty though he doesn't get hungry, but he misses food if he doesn't eat for days at a time.
Elle is too young to learn such loss. Please Father.
and I will never abandon you."
"Curious and curiouser."
Cas kisses him again, more fiercely more hungrily. "We should bring Elle's crib to our room."
The angel salutes him, “I am Gabriel of the First Garrison and this is my brother Castiel of the Silver Tower. We have been searching Earth for Castiel’s nestling after he was lost during an attack on our city.”
Then Gabriel keens, a high blinding noise of life that turns to grief and in it Lucifer can hear the word,
And here it is the first "new" chapter. This one has been ready since 2011ish. Whoops?
“I need you now.”
Way to go, Dean.
"She is... She is trying to fix you," he tells Dean and there's part exasperation, part pride in his voice as he steps forward and rubs his hand over her head, "She isn't fully aware of how to do so yet. Her grace is far too young, but once she's older..."
"Good," Gabriel raises his chin slightly. "Barachiel, how go the preparations for that mission we discussed?"
"I'll go."
Sam brow wrinkles. "How did you...?"
There’s a shrieking burst of something over the phone and in a split second there is a man standing in Dean’s living room.
Castiel is shaking; he’s trembling in fear for his humans and for all humans. He’s scared for the birds, the fish, and his brothers. He’s scared for himself and for Father and for Gabriel.
"You're afraid he'll..." Sam can't finish it because suddenly it's his fear as well. He remembers how Lucifer spoke, how he held the lion.
"Sam has..."
Sam lets out a breath as Gabriel rubs the back of his neck. His father doesn't say anything, he probably knew Sam was in the hallway before the angels did. Dean is staring at him, waiting for him to do something crazy probably. But his dad is quiet and he's holding Abe, who is out cold, curled in the flannel of his fathers jacket like it's the safest place in the world. Sam remembers when he thought that was true.
Luc still growls at him from under all the blankets when he comes into the room and sits on the edge of the nest.
"I didn't want to bother anyone. It was fine. I..." Sam trails offs, because they both know it's a lie.
"What did you do?" Gabriel demands, eyes fixed on Dean. He'd know Dean had put his sticky little fingers all over Castiel, had lain with him... "What did you do, you stupid human?"
Inside is warm, and the sense of safety and security Dean always feels at Bobby's seeps into his bones. The baby makes a happy noise as if she feels it too. "Dean," she coos.
Bobby slaps his knee and gets to his feet, then heads inside.
Remiel turns his head and looks like he's thinking about it for a moment, but Barach is staring at him and petting Anna's hair as she rocks Crowley back and forth. The two exchange looks and just when Gabriel thinks he's not going to get a answer, Remiel looks back to him.
He's off across the yard like he's being chased, stopping only to shoot a glare at Anna and Barach who quickly go silent when he walks by. Castiel shakes his head, a move he totally picked up from Bobby. Sam tries to not smile, even the frown was the same.
Dean nods. "Yeah, okay." He sits down on his bed, watching Sam grab his stuff and head into the bathroom. The baby seems content against his chest, and Dean lies down so they're both more comfortable.
"What the hell do you want, Barachiel?"
"Oculi eius sicut columbae super rivulos aquarum quae lacte sunt lotae et resident iuxta fluenta plenissima." Cas shifts against him and brushes his lips against Dean's closed eyelids. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas, eyes blown wide, a thin band of blue around pure black, pin pointed with pure light. A little bit of Cas, of the light Dean watched in the sky, bleeding through.
"Get away from that," Sam is hissing before he even knows it, anger and fear rising like a flame as he scrambles off the couch.
“Oh, I see. Oh!”
Dean will give it a seven on the weird shit meter. But that’s only because number eight is about to show up.
"Because I don't want to lie there and wonder where you are in the house and what you're doing," Sam tells him, embarrassed and exasperated at the same time.
Castiel nods, and allows his brother to take her. Elle goes without a fuss, and grabs for Barachiel hat as she allows herself to be looked over by her Uncle.
Bobby is bitching at him about how hard raising kids is and Dean vows to teach the angel to call him ‘grandpa’ as soon as he start figuring out words.
His laugh is wet, sticky with desperation, as he raises a hand to Sam cheek and grins. “You’ll say yes. The plan will go through as
Dean glances at him and somehow isn't surprised to see a new bottle in his hand. "Something my dad and Bobby started," Dean tells him with a shrug, though he's not sure why Gabriel would give a crap. But the guy -- angel -- whatever is important to Castiel so Dean's trying, you know?
"We should get them inside," Barachiel's voice is soft, as if his sister is a frightened rabbit, not a powerful angel.
Sam shifts in his sleep and Castiel sees Gabriel stiffen the exact moment that the human's fingers brush across the back of the Archangel's neck. Sam rests them there and Gabriel sighs, a soft contented noise, and leans his head back to bask in the barest of touches.
"Elle, you know what time Mr. Lion says it is?" Dean's asking the baby. "Tickle time."
Gabriel huffs out a small laugh, but follows him upstairs and closes the door behind them. Sam sits on the bed, watching Gabriel look around the room, stopping at the table where Sam has books and papers spread out. Gabriel is all nervous energy now, his fingers twitching across pages and tracing symbols. Sam doesn't like to see him like this, jittery, unsure, like he's coming apart at the seams. Like he's having to be someone he hasn't been in a very long time.
Elle grumbles into his chest, stirring slightly. Gabriel smoothes a hand across her back to settle her, expression softening.
"You still have that old thing?" Dean asks quickly as if Bobby and Cas didn't just witness that.
Castiel runs his hand over Elle's back as she crawls up to the head of the bed towards the bear. She clutches her lion in her hand which slightly impedes her, but it makes Castiel smile again as she wriggles across the bed. She pulls the bear into her arms, touching the lion's nose to the bear's and babbles to them in a mixture of English, angelic, and pure nonsense.
want to name her?"
Gabriel tilts his hips up. "Come on, Sammy-boy," he grins up at him but his eyes are blown and there's something wild and old in his expression, and it should be wrong to hear that nick name coming from Gabriel
Some of it's familiar, so like Anna's but not hers.
Dean's head whips around towards him. "You know her? Dude, she just took out..." he paused. "She was possessed."
"That is what I said." Gabriel has gone back to idly tracing symbols onto Elle's back. Sam finds himself watching Gabriel's fingers.
Dean complains, because Dean is Dean and he’d heard the stories about what a horrible ill adjusted kid Luc was.
"You weren't though. You were... little," Dean is grinning full force now. "Why did God make you little?"
"What the hell, Barach? I thought I said to not just teleport in here," Gabriel growls. "It messes with the wards, you
"Yeah, I know sweetheart. You too."
“I’ve upset you,” Cas breathes and Abe is looking between them with a tiny frown.
"Dean! Um, I know I'm probably not supposed to call, but I think... Maybe this can... Shit Dean, get out of there. None of these visions make sense anymore, you have to get Elle and get out of there. It's breakfast right? She'll drop the watch and Remiel will smile and they'll come and you have to..."
Cas smiles. "Be easy, Dean." Finally,
"Wake up! Now!" It's a order, a command, one that Sam so wishes to follow.
Dean doesn’t miss the way Gabriel shivers when he says it. The blood is still on Gabriel’s clothes and he remembers the blank shockey look Gabriel had before Michael put him back together.
He’d debated trying to let Cas down gently but every time the angel so much as looked at him he got all fucking tongue tied like puberty wasn’t some fifteen odd years ago. This was not making the tension with Gabriel any easier.
Another rumble and that can't mean anything good. She saw how many people were outside before Bobby grabbed her and dragged her out of the kitchen. They're going to die. She's going to die in the scariest basement she's ever seen with a demon and a baby. Oh god.
The look on Dean's face is anything but flattering and Castiel frowns as he feels his cheeks beginning to burn. It is an unpleasant sensation and for not the first time since he met his mate does he wish the man would just... "drop it".
Dean nods and lurches back in for Cas' mouth. "Yeah, after."
But then come the times where Dean looks up and Cas has quietly gravitated to the edge of his desk. He always has a question about organization or keeping things, like Dean will get upset if he throws some of that shit out.  Dean always tells him to do what he thinks is best. Mostly because that’s what Dean always wants to hear when he’s given a project.
"What do you mean I wasn't supposed to do it? They were so sweet and manly! That green-eyed hunter just swooped in and bam!" Pru jumps and claps her hands once, "And the angel was sooo nice once he saw me! All apologetic and those eyes! How could I not make sure those eyes were carried on? There was just so much looove in him!"
She raises her head. "What do you wish of me, brother?" And it's almost all Anael, the soldier, the garrison leader.
"Three?" Sam asks and waits for Gabriel to nod.
That gets him a small huff of laughter against his skin. "You've got a fucked up sense of courting then, Winchester," When he looks up his eyes are hazel with a bit of that old amusement in them.
"Shit, Cas. I'm sorry, I just..."
The world blurs and Sam is standing in the kitchen holding Luc as Dean cusses.
Sam dangles the plastic bag over Luc’s head, “You wanna be a bitch or you want Twinkies?”
Dean swallows hard. Most of Cas' brothers want him dead, and he'd killed at least two for Dean. Maybe more. He brushes his fingers against Cas' hands. "Alright," he finally mutters. "But I don't like it."
. I doubt he's killed him but he could trap him temporarily. And if there are demons that are listening to him, demons as high on the ladder as Amon then..."
Gabriel snorts. "That's not something that needs much comparing notes about, Deano."
It must show on his face because Raven's grin dials down a bit and she giggles. "Oh come on, I'm not gonna tell everyone," Which was good for now. He was already going to get teased by Barach, and he was pretty sure Dean was going to stab him at the very least. "I'll just tell Seagull."
Gabriel had been horrified and bossy while Luc had been skittish and prideful.
“This isn’t a permanent decision.” Sam pipes up and Dean glares.
There are four of them, two giant bastards, a skinny one with a knife, and a woman. They’re breaking down the basement door.
Everything turns into a jumble of pain and the taste of blood and laughter in his ears. The thread snaps. He passes out with the sound of Jhudiel’s laughter echoing in the room.
no longer needed him to guard outside the wards.
"I would have fallen with you."
With a sigh, Raphael slips from his vessel and moves his wings around her. "Hush now. I have no intention to harm you." He cannot clearly see where she is injured in the form she's in now. She is clearly hurt, clearly in some pain, but the cause is not visible as she is now.
It sounds like cats and dogs behind him, but Sam holds his hand out and
sees in him at all...
A blade shimmers into existence in Amon's free hand. It's short, jagged and looks like it's made of bone. A Horseman's blade. Death's blade...
"Daddy!" Elle squeals, and brandishes the pocket watch at him. "Ticky!"
“Sure I like kids,” Jo grins at him, “As long as I get to give them back. Does he sleep in that laundry basket?”
Wings looks up with golden eyes that are a little bit teary before he has the great sense to look apologetic. His English is hesitant and he has an accent when he speaks. “Sorry, I didn’t get a chance to tell him to knock.”
Gabriel closes his eyes, growls, and all the glass in the kitchen rattles. "It's complicated, and you don't even understand half of what it means for Castiel to be with you, so how do you expect to understand this? I'll put it in small words so you can understand Winchester, if Crowley died, Anna would have died too. He's her mate, her other half now, she'd have gone mad with grief or just wasted away."
The kitchen is quiet, almost too quiet in comparison to the rest of the house, but that's where Dean finds Gabriel. Dean had tried the basement first after leaving Bobby and his loud demands for answers Dean couldn't really give. The panic room had been shut up tight and Dean had almost expected to hear Sam screaming for him inside. So, really, Dean's glad to find Gabriel away from everyone else. Even if the calm and quiet taste false. The archangel is leaning against the counter, drinking down a beer without a pause. Dean rolls his eyes then thinks
That crafty bastard.
Dean thumbs the phone in a rush because that’s not good. Usually Sam will leave a whiny voicemail and go on with his life. But Dean doesn’t get any words out before Sam’s voice and a shit ton of static greet him with, “De-! Angels! Co- Right now! I-”
Dean blinks as she screams and topples to the side.
“You know, the Morningstar is telling everyone that you’re being punished.”
"And then God gave you to Gabriel?" Dean rolls his eyes. "That doesn't sound too smart."
Michael nods. “Dean and Castiel will accompany Morningstar through the wards.”
“He’s in the back room,” Dean says looking over his glasses.
Robert appears in the kitchen doorway all frowny and radiating disappointment like normal.
“Luc?”
"Well, um, Bora Bora's nice this time of year. An' they're making the good Coke again. TV's are huge and in color. So 'er movies. Also, Gabriel says you're an arse but you didn't hear it from me."
Sam... seeing Sam's hand wrapped around his blade with all the certain knowledge that it wouldn't fade away. Gabriel hadn't know just exactly how out of his control this all had gotten until that moment. He needs to leave, part of him desperately wants to leave but... He can't leave Castiel like he is. He can't abandon his fledgling or Elle. He can't... he can't leave Sam. Unguarded, unwarded. He can't stand, can't tolerate the thought of Lucifer in Sam's head, in his dreams. Sam is strong and stubborn and willful, and will almost never do as he's told. But Sam is human, and Gabriel knows his brother.
“Ah,” Gabriel blinks at the impression of wide, curious eyes staring at him out of the wisps of time and space that make up all angels, “It’s um, awfully small.”
Gabriel chuckles and presses the strawberry to Sam's lips. Sam's hands stop, his breath shudders out, suddenly shaky. He can smell the strawberry, taste it barely on his lips. Sams tongue darts out without conscious thought.
Sam isn't quite sure if half angel babies can get sick but he's not entirely sure he wants to find out. Of course it's too late now...
to the easy way out. Now, nothing was easy.
Lucifer remembers. Michael forgets. And the Winchesters and Angels try to recharge and regroup.
Dean nods and makes a sound that's supposed to be
- Anthony Brandt
"None of your fucking business," Sam snarls and Lucifer grins, something bright and mad and wild.
fool. You're really going to fight this?"
"You really think Zachariah is doing this? That he's gone off his nut?" Barachiel frowns, scuffing his foot in the dirt.
“Pestilence and Famine shouldn’t be too much trouble,” Crowley clears his throat, “Put the demons on one and the angels on the other. Should make for a merry tussle.”
"Cos the only thing that's gonna get you outta whatever hole you buried your good self in, is another little’un running about the place. So I start keeping an ear out for chat regarding
of Cas and Dean.
"Well then
"What is that?" Gabriel demands. He knows what it is though. There is only one thing that Castiel
Then Sam nods, shifting the baby in his arms. "You could call her Elle for short. She looks like an Elle."
Barachiel blushes and waves his jar around, "I do not sound like a harpy and I did not faint!"
"I did not pass out!"
Gabriel doesn't speak, and Dean doesn't dare turn to see if the archangel is looking at him.
"Caput eius aurum optimum comae eius sicut elatae palmarum nigrae quasi corvus," Cas murmurs, nuzzling Dean's hair as he pushes a single finger into Dean.
"Okay?" Cas echos.
Sam swallowed, now or never. "You called Castiel your fledgling."
The demon's grin fades. "We've had a change of management while you've been away. Zachariah says it's time to cut down all the lone wolves. Only team players allowed now."
“You don’t want to,” Gabriel says.
"Gabriel," comes the unison from Dean, Cas, and Luc.
"Dean!" He blinks when Bobby yells at him, "Get the phone before you do something stupid, ya idjit."
"Wow," Sam breathes. There should be a book on this. Really, it would probably be a bestseller.
"Um, this sounds like a lot of rules that I'm not aware of. I mean, Dean and Cas don't do this."
Dean is in the kitchen making breakfast when Sam walks back into the living room. His father is on the phone. He’s ‘hmm’ing at whoever is on the other end but his attention is focused on Abe who is intent on having him gather every stuffed animal he owns and putting them in a pile on the couch. They share a glance but Sam knows it isn’t time to deal with that right now. He’s not sure he has the energy.
Elle whimpers in Dean's arms as Castiel's eyes drop, finally breaking his stare. Barachiel squeezes his eyes shut because that was a shit thing to do and he... Shit.
He can hear her calling for Bobby and then, everything goes silent. There's a figure in the front doorway. A huge angel with white blonde hair and an immaculate suit.
Oh, yeah, no, Gabriel does not want front ring seats for this fight. Maybe if he wasn't holding the kid, but he remembers what Castiel's tantrums were like and he's not interrupting this kid's nap for anything. "Where's your brother?"
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable. We just didn’t have much of a plan after this.” His golden eyes dart to the ground and Dean didn’t think angels could get nervous.
“And Death?” Castiel ask, his eyes straying to the blade that sits in the empty fruit bowl.
Castiel is as still as a statue for the space of three breaths, then he raises his hand and cups the back of Dean's neck. "I am afraid as well," he admits softly. "I cannot protect you,
“You guys are going back to like, Heaven right? I mean you just came to get Abe and...”
"It is alright," he whispers. "He is on our side."
It’s a massacre. Sam feels his stomach clench as Luc whimpers and clings tighter to him. Gabriel is on one of the demons and there’s a
Dean can't blame him.
with a demon, and he is going to get to the bottom of that later, he admires her bravery for going. She couldn't have counted on Jhudiel. These are the decisions he doesn't want, because he doesn't want to choose between hurting sister and the
And Michael is there.
Spoilers: Up to 5x10
brothers!”
"Shouldn't someone let Anna know what's happened?" Sam speaks up, edging towards Gabriel hesitantly in a way that speaks of wanting to give comfort but unsure if it'll be welcome. "Wards or not..."
"I suppose, in the tradition of remembrance, she could be called Ellen. That is... if you think it is appropriate."
She isn't hungry, can’t be wet, she has her toy, Dean was holding her, then they tried to give her to Cas but that didn’t work. Sam even tried holding her. Now Dean had her again and Sam is seriously waiting for his brother’s ears to start bleeding.
"Really?" There's curiosity in his voice, and just enough pride that Sam has to try and not start blushing again.
He hopes it's just a tooth, with the way she keeps putting the gold lion in her mouth. Dean's not sure he can deal with anything else today, and today has just barely started. They're so damn lucky she didn't shift. She came close but she didn't shift. Not that it probably matters, the demons know where to find them, and he can't... he can't think about that right now.
"Your brother has withstood many weeks of assault and violation by Lucifer. He gave no information willingly," Castiel says softly. He rests his hand on Elle's back. "And he is your brother, you raised him. He fears losing you. You know that."
"Okay, okay." Sam holds his hands up. "Fine, whatever."
Gabriel doesn't look up, but he rolls his shoulders in a loose shrug. "Cas did, after you fell asleep."
Gabriel lays all the papers he has on the kitchen table and carefully settles the owl on top of them. “Nearly all of the pagans have pledged their service. That means we’re only outnumbered two to one now. All we need is a plan.”
Jhudiel turns his head just slightly. "Anael, how nice of you to join us. I do hope you'll forgive me, but I'm in the middle of something." She can see his mouth curl upwards slightly. "Do make yourself at home, won't you? If I'd know you were coming I would have made tea. So, just one moment... Unless... You'd like to?" He waves the knife around in his hand like a baton, ignoring the flecks of crimson that spattered onto the floor. "He's in quite a bit of misery you see, the charitable thing to do would be to put him out of it..."
of hell. But the absence of the mark feels more painful than the burning fire of holiness, the deliberately partial exorcisms that have left his very soul in agony. Demons know quite a lot about agony.
Gabriel's steps are slow and measured. His eyes are focused on Zachariah, pinning the other angel with his gaze. “Ah now, let’s not drag politics into this. You always were the slower study. I’ve been meaning to talk to you, Zachariah, about the treatment of
He’s at his desk sorting out the reports Bobby sent him to edit when Gabriel walks in and stops in the middle of the living room, staring at the spot where Cas usually is.
“I should have known it was you,” Zachariah turns to Castiel, “the fledgling and his dirty humans. Who else is capable of harboring such an
That gets him a narrowed eye look. "You'd better have a good reason for it. I knew this girl as a baby."
"Gabriel! Dean!"
Castiel frowns. "I will pass your message on. Remiel..."
“I don’t like the sound of maybe. Do you even have running water in here?” Gabriel furrows his eyebrows.
“Just tell me where you are, Luc.” Sam closes his eyes as he hears the living room fall silent.
"Oh yeah," Anna nods. "He's got it bad for you."
Barachiel takes off his hat and does a half bow. "My pleasure. Heard enough about you, Winchester, you're the highlight of heavenly gossip you know."
