A mysterious courier brought two packages to the clinic the next afternoon. The two recipients exchanged puzzled expressions and proceeded to open the boxes. Carefully.
John halted in his tracks. He was less than a foot away from Sherlock and yet it felt like mere inches. Or miles.
John nodded mutely and continued downward, stopping briefly to suck what he hoped would be a fine example of a territorial mark on that exquisite neck. Sherlock barely stopped himself from bucking up into John and moaning his approval.
And yet, here he was, face-planted into his laptop at the table with a massive headache. What the hell had he been doing? Updating his blog? Oh, THAT would be bloody brilliant in a drunken, brain dead state.
“I'm sure you are wondering what I'm doing here, John. I know it was a bit not good to just invade your space like…Um, John? Are you listening…?”
The silky glide as the two cocks pushed and pulled against each other was indescribable. Unbearable. John was certain he was going to black out when he came. He blearily looked down to watch the gorgeous man beneath him lose his sanity too.
John had gone from clinical finger prodding and assessing after ascertaining that there was no real damage, to a broader palm stroke of effleurage up Sherlock's quadriceps and calf muscles to get some feeling back into them. John lost himself for a moment in the rhythmic movements of his own hands on the Sherlock's legs. The muscles were firm beneath his touch, as well as soft and warm, even through the light woolen trousers. It felt good, just the contact of the clothed skin beneath his open palm. He hummed a bit in satisfaction. He hadn't realized how long Sherlock's legs really were until he could see his own hands on them in contrast. Warm and long and fit so nicely in his palm. John realized rather belatedly that his hands had stopped moving and were resting somewhat expectantly on Sherlock's upper thighs. He jerked his head up to find the owner of the legs staring down at him, less than fully focused through heavy, almost sultry lids. He drew back his hands as if from a potentially armed explosive and pulled himself to his own feet.
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed waiting and fretting. He cautiously lifted his eyes to John's just to see if in the span of five minutes, John had changed his mind.
He had awoken loose-limbed and content even though he belatedly realized he wasn't in his bed. He could have sworn that he had collapsed in his room sometime during the night, but apparently that memory was faulty.
John nearly dropped the laptop as if it had been dipped in bubonic plague. Did HE write this? Or better yet, WHY did he write this? What was all this “I'd like to???” And addressed to Sherlock? It was as if someone had hijacked his brain, held it at gunpoint, and forced him to type out THAT. That absolutely ridiculous, contrived and somewhat incoherent drivel.
“That you are, love. More than you know.” John let Sherlock rest against his chest and ran his fingers through the tousled curls.
John rolled his eyes at the memory. It had  involved a fire extinguisher, burn salve and gauze, and a lot of cursing on his part.
They walked and walked, engrossed in each other and in the warmth of the link their hands made at their sides. Before they knew it, they had made it all the whole way home and stopped outside their flat door.
Sherlock absentmindedly brought the rich spoonful into his own mouth and stood up to pace while he swallowed appreciatively.
Sherlock ducked his head sheepishly then tried to meet her eyes bashfully. The gesture seem to knock his age down ten years.
John proudly marched off down the hallway, so confident in his little act of swagger that he failed to see Sarah's look of confusion and faint words of, “Later on?”
Sarah reached in her box and pulled out a small black velvet jeweler’s bag with gold Chinese characters imprinted on it. A note was pinned to it.
Sherlock, lost in that hesitant confusion, did what he was told for once. John stepped up to him, nearly on top of him in fact and looked up at the curly haired man's CERULEAN eyes and chuckled a bit madly to himself.
Sherlock stood mutely for about 15 minutes on the spot. The note was for him? HE held John's heart? How? All the tripe about caring and nurturing the palm was sentimental foolhardiness - what would come of it? John didn't look at him in that way. Did he? Could he? The tall, brooding man sank into his chair in heavy contemplation for the rest of the afternoon and hardly stirred until John returned home that evening.
“It says you are confident in your physical abilities and have quite the sentimental streak. C'mon, now. Are you
John changed into his cotton pajama bottoms and vest and let out a huff of frustration. The trouser legs barely touched his ankles and his sleep shirt was pinching at his armpits.
John strangely flushed again and marched upstairs. Sherlock sat indignantly and nearly missed his chair as a thought popped into his head.
He had been an absolute menace today, playing the part of the flirtatious Lotherio at a suspect's house today with the horse groomer that came in once a week to see to the animals. Sherlock was convinced that the man had seen something important and used his creative and bodily wiles to get it out of him. John had caught Sherlock leaning against and softly laughing with the awestruck groom, a long, graceful arm propped against the wall where the stockier man had backed himself, their bodies almost, but not quite touching. The groom was definitely enjoying every moment of Sherlock's attention, John grudgingly acknowledged. It was innocent, but still overtly sexual and it had just pissed John right off. He remained in a foul mood even once they got home and retired for the evening.
“You must be Sherlock Holmes then,” she slyly grinned up at him.”I am Vida Alimi. Dr. Watson treated my grandmother for a sprained wrist a few weeks ago. She made him these bolani as a thank you for his fine care.” She pointed to the tray as she spoke. Sherlock gingerly peeled back the cover to reveal the fragrant potato dumplings, still warm under the insulated top. “ Please let Dr. Watson know how excited she was to meet him and that she is much better now.”
“Why would she send me a message about growing dates?” John's head start to swim a bit as Sherlock's thumb began to carefully caress the skin in which it rested on. He registered as it slid down to continue its exploration, next resting upon John's lower lip, slowly stroking it back and forth.
John heard the rustling of cloth and thump of the table as he presumed Sherlock was rising and stepping on and over the table in an effrontery manner. Through the slits between his fingers, he could see that the tall, looming figure had stopped right in front of him.
John released the tender flesh and kissed it better after the rather rough treatment. “Mmmm, go ahead, sweetheart. Just let it go - I want to hear you; want to hear how I'm making you come apart, that you want more so damn badly and that it feels sooo fucking good…”
Inside was a small stainless steel medic’s case packed with instruments and supplies with his initials engraved on the outside.
such a grand combination, if he was honest. John found himself really not minding too much if he could have Sherlock's intensity and focus on him like that again.
Long, taller Not Sherlock let his mouth quirk up appraisingly to one side. His rich brown eyes travelled in a leisurely fashion down to John's sturdy brogues then up again, just as slowly to meet John's dark blue ones.
John released his grip on Not Sherlock instantly as if he was that broken curling iron that Harry left in the bathroom one time when they were kids. He still had a bit of a scar on his palm as a reminder and strangely enough, right now, it burned. They hovered there for a moment, each deep into the other's personal space, chest to almost chest. The stranger blinked in a stunned manner and then his face morphed into a beautiful smile. His lashes coyly dropped and then raised again, half lidded to meet John's gobsmacked look of stupefaction.
Hamish smiled to himself and stood a little taller. Less than a month to go and he could put everything to good use. He felt an odd sense of pride that he had played a part in John and Sherlock's story, though a little melancholy for his own sake. Dr. Watson would have been a fine catch.
John saw a brief flash of, dare he thought, concern? Trepidation? Worry? in his flatmate's expression. What the bloody hell was that about?
Funny how his legs had suddenly become completely immobile. And that heat on his cheeks and ears was spreading. Then a faint twitching of his groin...
me. Just sleep, I mean. I feel like I really don't want to be without you all night. It really seems a bit pointless for us to march off to our separate rooms at this point,” he smiled almost painfully and ducked his head slightly.
“You are mine, dammit. I won’t have just anyone thinking they can have their way with you as easy as you please. It may have taken me awhile to see it and a small battle to admit it to myself, but I'm yours too, you know.”
John flicked his eyes and thankfully took in that the waiting area was empty. The staff had gotten patients and themselves to safety and the police would be here shortly. Thank God.
“You know I don't hear you when I'm not actually here, you great cracking idiot,” John muttered sourly. “What the hell were you doing on the floor anyway?”
Sherlock's pupils had blown almost completely black. He surveyed John greedily before him then straddled his hips, effectively trapping John between powerfully long legs and very much beneath him. John was frozen in shock and gave no resistance to the new circumstances.
Sherlock's mouth opened to John's and the slide of tongues met each other and the room was filled momentarily with the sounds of lips sliding against one another and increasingly urgent sounding keens and sighs.
now. It was like having rationed little sips of water all your life in the desert and then suddenly coming upon an oasis overflowing with an endless supply to drink your fill.
“The granddaughter of the Afghan woman you treated. She bought a present.” Sherlock nodded his head slightly in the direction of the table where the tray still sat. John crossed the room to investigate.
This was a corridor he seldom traversed, but it existed nonetheless.The door opened and the room was carefully lit to guide him to the soft leather theater chairs that faced the empty screen before them. There was a rather annoying sound of wind chimes in the distance and the rustle of the gauzy cloth draped around the edges of the large screen from an unsourced breeze. He knew that dreams held information, albeit rather twisted and convoluted snatches from his subconscious, but something of value might possibly be gleaned from their sometimes far-fetched nighttime presentations. Hopefully it would be bearable.
Hardly convinced, Sarah quirked her eyebrows at him suspiciously. Sherlock quickly rushed to fill the awkward pause.
“They do, don't they?” John countered. “Just like killing a man threatening someone that person had just met? Dropping everything when they text, or jumping on a madman's back so that person could get to safety? All gut reactions, Sherlock. Don't you see, it's always been you. Always been you for me. I just wouldn't allow myself see it.”
Sherlock entered the clinic the next afternoon looking a little less like his usual self. No Belstaff, black framed glasses with no glass, dark jeans, and a chunky white cardigan. A blue Chelsea watch cap covered his curls,  sturdy work boots left over from a case on his feet, and a messenger bag slung across his body. He entered to a press of bodies milling about, some waiting patiently, others, not so patiently. The staff bustled busily and the whole office put off a sort of odd hum.
John ignored this as a matter of principle. On the paper was a few lines hastily scrawled in Pashto, one of the languages commonly spoken throughout Afghanistan and the neighboring areas. At least he THOUGHT it was Pashto. He had always spoken it better than read it. John scrunched his brow in concentration as he studied the letter strokes and squiggles. It didn't make much sense.
The man was dangerously approaching withdrawal, John clinically diagnosed. He also seemed sleep deprived which wasn't helpful in the least. Better contact the proper departments while he was here in the office. He might need to be sectioned.
Sarah was who he had come to see. She could to be useful in information about the horrid Hamish. He had altered his usual garb so he might be able to observe the interloper without calling attention to himself. Be inconspicuous then as unmemorable as possible usually worked quite effectively.
A week or so passed fairly uneventfully. Sherlock could not glean much more from the vexing note, and was becoming more and more aware of how much John already touched him. Why had he not noticed that before? A hand to the lower back as they went up the stairs, a slide of an arm across his shoulders as the older man brought his tea to him at the kitchen table in the morning. A nudge to an arm with the exchange of a smile.
“He seems to have a way about him, doesn’t he?” Sarah remarked as she watched John observing the handsome nurse. “I swear he looks so much like your flatmate, sweeps around like him, then he opens his mouth, and is so clearly NOT Sherlock.”
Sherlock smiled and watched John writhe as he encircled the rapidly tightening bollocks in turn and tugged gently.
Immediately, he felt as though he had been punched in the solar plexus. It was the letter. THE letter.
Sherlock realized he had been holding his breath. Sarah stealthily returned, shutting the door behind her. It stubbornly popped open a touch, but she paid it no mind.
, he crossly berated himself. Sherlock didn't do those things. Feel those things. He'd be repulsed by the very idea. John was stunned by fact that that made him feel sad. Sad and very alone.
me. That was the part that I never could see happening. But in there. Tonight. You said you regretted not letting that moment happen that night in the hall. Or at Angelo's. That you wanted it too, but couldn't. I'm such a coward for just not doing it myself then. Lord knows I wanted to too.”
“He is not here, obviously,” he started to lecture as the woman unbidden, began to mount the seventeen steps up to the flat. Sherlock chased after her trying to halt her progress, but the wily girl was quite swift. She reached the top and waltzed right into the sitting room, looking around for a surface in which to put her tray upon. She turned to face the looming detective that was right on her heels.
Silently, they prepared for bed. Quiet gazes still passed between them and little touches were had every few moments, as if they were reassuring themselves that the other was still there. Sherlock changed into pajama pants, forgoing a shirt and John simply shucked everything except for his pants. They got into bed and without preamble, Sherlock turned onto his left side, into the crook of John's right shoulder and rested his head there, breathing in the smell of John's hair and his warm skin. No more of the torture of burning for this man, a breath away and yet so hesitant to inhale. They both had been really. Sherlock purposely took in a slow, deep breath of John’s proximity and let out a long, contented sigh as he brought his arm up to rest on the firm chest, just below John's scar. Fingers met him there and John's hand cradled them over his heart.
“Shut it,” John admonished. “They came all the way up from Chatham to see me at the clinic. That was the first thing the granddaughter said. Her grandmother, without question, wanted to make sure that I was THE Dr. John Watson from the Army Captain’s blog. She would only see HIM. Apparently, she likes my stories. Well, our stories. It was like I had a groupie!”  He smiled.”Kind of nice, that,” John mused for a happy moment.
“So. Let's discuss why you have felt the need to bring us here tonight,” Sherlock began, his baritone register sounding even more rich and enticing than per usual.
“Where did THAT come from?” he spoke aloud testily before he could stop himself. This was becoming more and more convoluted.
Sarah shut the door behind her as she headed out. Thank God. They had been a nurse short since Josie went on maternity leave. Being a body down, John always seemed to be the one who jumped in to help everyone else at the expense of exhausting himself. He did rather like those evenings after a day like that though. It was as if Sherlock could deduce the heavier tread of his tired footsteps on the steps and would sometimes be in the kitchen, getting the kettle started for him. On the rare occasion, he might even have a cup of tea already waiting. He smiled fondly at that. Then of course, he'd be rudely snapped back to reality by the discovery of a pig carcass thawing in the bathtub or fingernails macerating in a mysteriously oozy suspension in their only measuring cup in the kitchen. Ruefully, John took a deep breath and vowed not to think about Sherlock at ALL today. Just do his job.
What had happened to the whole “I’m not his date,” and “I'm not actually gay”? This “date” was undoubtedly the interloper from the bakery. Based on the snatches of conversation he had heard and the scrubs the man had been wearing at the time, the detective came to the conclusion that Tall, Dark and Tiresome must be a fellow worker at the clinic. Certainly not a doctor, but medical staff of some sort. The man had said he brought supplies to wherever he and John were going this morning. There he was, eagerly fetching coffee and running his eyes covetously over his best friend and flatmate. Not to mention touching him. He remembered that detail with a dark scowl.
This was punctuated with both a 1100 watt Hamish grin and the ubiquitous Hamish wink. John found himself flushing a bit pink under the paltry influence of a half a glass of lager and the sheer force of the man's personality. He was noble on top of all of that. Selfless, wanting to right the world's wrongs with his knowledge and skills. The military and medical man in John suddenly felt that was a very attractive quality in a person. He rotated on his stool so he was facing the American and leaned in a little closer.
“Herbaceous scents, especially. I'm not really certain how it began but we seem to be locked in cycle of mutual olfactory stimulation and reaction. We each seem to be perpetuating it.”
“Easy, there,” Sarah put her hands up in mock surrender. “I know you have a special place in your heart for Sherlock, but you have to admit he isn't the friendliest of sort. Definitely doesn't smile and put people at ease like Hamish does. He's a natural at his job, it seems. Gets along with everyone and certainly with
“Oi, I hate that crap too,” the girl cooed, seeming relieved. “I'm struggling myself.” She absently patted the book besides her. Feathers smoothed, she pulled up the doctor's schedules on her computer and had a look. He WAS rather cute with those hipster glasses.
Sherlock tipped his head back and out fell genuine laughter. John's face lit up and he joyously chimed in. They beamed at one another and held on tight.
Sherlock relented. Hamish wasn't a menacing character, it would seem. That didn't mean he had to like him though. OR his accept his presence in John's personal life.
The two locked in on each other for a long moment. Hamish drew in a quick breath and Sherlock narrowed his eyes into a dangerous squint. Sherlock felt the air in the room vibrate for the briefest of instants. It was as if the two of them were the Marshall and the Outlaw in one of those Old West American style movies that John liked to watch occasionally for some reason. Sherlock could imagine the climax of the story playing out before them -  It was high noon. The two characters were alone, facing each other menacingly, hands twitching anxiously towards their gun holsters. Someone wasn't going to leave that dusty street alive.
He waited until he saw Hamish coming back down the hall towards the front of the clinic. He stood abruptly and managed to knock the files out of the man's hands, papers scattering to the floor.
“Oh, very well. It's for Mummy. She is vehemently opposed to wearing reading glasses and asked for my assistance. The cream made an ideal substrate for the beta carotene solution. Beta carotene, as you well know, is vital in eye health and visual accuity. There. It won't happen again, I assure you.”
Inside was a beautifully carved jade hair clip. Sarah flushed slightly as she let her fingers trace over the intricate curls and filigree of the piece. Her insides warmed as she reread the message.
Sherlock was inundated with a flash of recent memory of entering the bathroom shortly after John had finished a shower. The air was still steamy and humid, heavy with the smell of herbal forest, citrus grove, and just JOHN. He smiled at how he could almost taste the aroma on his tongue and back of his throat now and it both soothed him and made him hard. That smell of John and of.., damn, what WAS it exactly?
Sherlock recovered first and took the advantage of John's exposed neck. He latched onto the sensitive skin and began to kiss and suckle and none-too-gently graze his teeth down into the corded musculature of John's trapezius. John’s eyes fluttered shut and his head lolled against the headboard.
“You misunderstand, John,” Sherlock rumbled in his impossibly deep baritone tones. The finger on John's lip was simply intoxicating. John could hardly think as he sank into the sensation, feeling as though he was right on the edge of something. Something so very close…
Why did Sherlock do that? Was he so unaffected by John's presence that he could hardly discern when he was even there or not? John dejectedly sighed and helped the lanky man from his awkward position with his knees folded under him on the floor beside the kitchen table.
“Ah, you're back,” chirped Sherlock, rising enthusiastically from his languid repose across his armchair.  “Why must you disappear hours on end when I might NEED your assistance at any moment? It is simply intolerable.”
John hardly slept at all that night. Every time he felt himself drifting off to sleep, he would find his hand drifting down towards the drawstring of his own pajamas, the sounds of Sherlock’s moans echoing in his head.
Sherlock yawned and stretched his whip-like body out like a lounging cat. All he needed to complete the image was a swishing tail and twitchy whiskers. He sat up and turned that cerulean feline stare on John expectantly.
John fluttered his hands from Sherlock's shoulders, his arms, his chest, never really landing, but not stopping. He looked up at the sky again and back to Sherlock's flushed and longing face. He took both of his hands in his own, and met those desperately searching eyes again.
“Let’s see. I saw a family with a stomach virus, did a few med modifications, and...Oh, yes. A very nice Afghan grandmother and her granddaughter. The grandmother had badly sprained her wrist. Actually, it was quite interesting-”
“Sherlock, you don't EVER act that way again with suspects, or anyone, actually. Do you hear me?” John’s voice shook a bit upon delivery, but the effect still seemed damned good.
“What’s this?” John puzzled rather stupidly aloud as he opened it at the creases and glanced down at it. “This is from the clinic; it’s got our address and letterhead on it.”
John's mouth was unbelievably soft, warm, and so, so good at this, Sherlock could hardly contain his exponentially expanding impulses; they were taking over his brain’s ability to catalog and function logically. He gave up trying deduce John's movements, simply groaned louder, nipped John's lower lip, and sucked it between both of his own.
He smoothed his slicked hand down John's stomach and eagerly grasped his cock and stroked it firmly from root to tip.
Sherlock caught himself returning the look briefly. The man's accent had been exceptional and somehow it vexed Sherlock irrationally.
Sherlock was euphoric - John was just as delicious as he looked and he moaned so beautifully under his novice mouth and hands. He realized belatedly how hard and desperate John's responses were making his own cock and he pushed the heel of his hand into it for a little relief and adjustment in his pajamas that were now a bit wet and stuck to him.
Sherlock did the unexpected. He reached out and grasped her forearms gently and bowed his head slightly and almost reverently. Momentarily stunned, Sarah simply watched him glide out of the kitchen.
John stopped for a moment, breathed deeply, and pushed himself away. He thrust himself petulantly to his feet, dragging Sherlock in a standing position with him.
Sherlock felt like he was gaining the high ground again and plowed on. John continued to stroke his scalp absently, but that couldn't be helped.
John's eyes flew open, mostly in fear that something he'd done that had hurt Sherlock to make him caterwaul like that. He locked first on his face, where he saw his lover with rolled back eyes and half open mouth twitching slightly.  He quickly scanned down the body to Sherlock's pelvis, where his hand was still planted firmly.
The meadow, the picnic items spread out, tea tasted from John's fingertips -  it was all playing out before him and Sherlock leaned forward to catch all the details and nuances that he could.
Fueled by John's climax, he teetered at the very peak and then crashed over the other side with a piercing bellow.
He pitched his fake, interested smile to the twenty-something manning the clinic check-in. She was a suitably vacant sort, unconvincingly trying to act like she was paying more attention to her clinic charges than her Twitter feed on her mobile by her elbow. She kept checking it and typing manically at regular intervals.
“Which matter might that be, Sherlock?” she muttered to herself, after right herself a tad. “You stealing John's stuff or giving you inside information on your rival for Dr. Watson's more personal affection and a little push?”
John shuddered at the frankly astonishing noises and words that had been pulled from the apparently sleep-addled and dreaming form of Sherlock Holmes.
“I hardly think so,” Sherlock cooly countered. “He had important information and I relieved him of it in a way that he wouldn't realise. I simply used his attraction that he felt for my physical self to ease the way. ”
Hamish’s shift was his short one for the week, so he had told John earlier that he would meet him at the restaurant tonight. He had some time to ponder what Sarah had told him.
John’s expressive face did at least three or four different things at once and they all battled for dominance in their display. He looked both embarrassed and angry and rather flushed all at once. There was also a hint of, “Oh, God, why do we have to do this NOW,” about him. It was disturbing, but nonetheless, rather impressive.
After a few blissful minutes, John kissed Sherlock softly and scooped up his pajama bottoms to give them a quick, cursory wipe-down.
John moaned his contrition as Sherlock leaned down to lick him from root to tip again, caught the head at the last moment, sucked him into his mouth, and let him slide out again. He leaned back and stroked the entire shaft with his hand a few times, watching John arch and groan as he added a little flourish at the end with a twist of his wrist that John seemed unable to get enough of.
Hamish did indeed beat John to the bar and had saved him a spot at the end next to him. He slid onto the stool and beckoned the bartender over for his order. Hamish was halfway into a glass of red wine and grinned at him wolfishly. John automatically grinned back. It just seemed natural. He took a look around after his beer at been delivered and the first sip gratefully taken.
He grabbed Sherlock's shoulders and bodily slammed his back hard into the cushions along the wall. Sherlock's pupils had blown almost completely black from just that. He surveyed John greedily before him as John straddled his hips, effectively trapping Sherlock between his legs and beneath him.
John trudged up the stairs to 221B heavily from a date night had not gone well. The woman in question was a week off of a long term relationship break-up and John felt compelled to “Aww,” and “you did the right thing,” and “don't lose faith,” at her the entire evening. He had ordered her tea after the meal in an attempt to be compassionate and then felt obligated to stay and commiserate with her as she sniffed, dried her eyes, patted his arm, and thanked him for being “kindly” and for listening. She had smiled wanly and left, sniffling softly.
Sherlock snuggled back into John's arms and they both dozed, the scent of their bodies together heavy and calming to them both.
He had happily complied. However, standing was not something he would be doing for very long, as it turned out. He vaguely recalled being shoved into a taxi, pressed between Lestrade and Donovan, if only to keep him upright. Had the two of them brought him back to Baker Street? It would seem so. He also had a distant memory of the Yarders dumping him rather unceremoniously into his own arm chair and huffing down the steps and slamming the door behind them, Sally sounding especially irritable, whinging and muttering the whole way.
Sherlock contemptuously plopped down beside John on the sofa. Maybe he thought he could gain back what thought if as “his territory” from John this way.
a right moron. I've forgotten who I'm here to see. Just that it's today at 12:45. Had to run from Calculus to make it on time.” Sherlock stuck out his tongue and made a show of rolling his eyes at the THOUGHT of maths. He finished the little performance and smiled back coyly.
John pulled on his jacket, and bid the staff good night. He headed out towards the Tube station in deep study. His thoughts kept going back to the cryptic words Sarah left him with before he left the clinic.
Sherlock's hands stopped and sought out everywhere they could on their journey downward, touching and assessing response and cataloguing all that precious John information that he could with his now hormone riddled mind. He repeated it all with his mouth, working his way down past John's bellybutton, past the crease of his leg, which incidentally made John moan shockingly hard, and down the inside of his thigh.
Dreaming about tea of all things. In a warm grassy spot. A sunny, breezy meadow bursting with heather and beebalm and other wildflowers. He was reclining on a blanket languidly and he recalled breathing it all in and the feeling of serenity and pleasure.
He had resolved to firmly ignore it all and simply venture forth. What purpose could it possibly serve? He had gotten some Italian takeaway from Angelo's and a couple of bottles of wine that were inexpensive enough, but still drinkable. Hopefully Sherlock wouldn't fixate on that and just eat.
Pride coursed through Sherlock's body triumphantly and that awakened inner beast surged forward hungrily.
Sherlock slid his right hand slowly down his own abdomen and right over the space that John could barely make out in the darkness between his legs and groaned deliciously.
Sherlock arched up into John mouth. He quite felt that moment, John could easily make him achieve orgasm from Just. Doing. THAT.
Well, not really alone, seeing how the subject in question was actually in the room at the moment. Sherlock hadn't moved or even acknowledged that John had come home and was sitting right across the room from him. He was probably completely focused on redecorating some new niche in his Mind Palace.
“You came in late and must have covered me with your blanket...which I do appreciate,” Sherlock offhandedly threw out. “Did I seem distressed about being cold? Uncomfortable?”
Sherlock, adorned in his dark blue dressing gown and pajama bottoms (no shirt, curiously enough), shrunk his deducing eyes to slits as he took in John's appearance from top to bottom and stopped at the shoes.
John wandered down until he circled and teased a rosy and very interested nipple. Sherlock couldn't hold back when John sucked it carefully between his teeth and flicked it mercilessly with his tongue. He squirmed and pushed his mouth into an almost white line with effort to stay silent.
“What the hell, Sherlock??” John roared. “That's NOT the way to wake up a veteran with PTSD who owns a handgun!”
“We finally have a replacement for Nurse Josephine in this morning,” Sarah casually remarked as she tidied up her cup and proceeded to get up to begin her shift. “I'll introduce you later on. Seems to be quite popular with the natives already.” She suggestively waggled her eyebrows at him as she slid by. “Catch you later, John.”
Sherlock barely brushed his lips across John's and then met his dark blue eyes. “Now, I'd like to. Gently, slowly,” Each word was accented with a soft and increasingly insistent kiss.
A tall, dark curly haired man in blue scrubs had his back to the door, clipboard in hand, bent over, appearing to be taking an inventory of the gauzes and packs. John paused to allow the lizard part of his brain to roguishly admire the plush backside that was so temptingly poised in his direction. Mentally, he shook his head sharply.
do that again, yes...” Sherlock all but whimpered. His body locked and his eyes clamped shut and for a brief moment, John stuttered to a halt, half  thinking they both might have climaxed from that incredible accident.
He shuffled into the kitchen and immediately filled and flipped on the kettle. A cuppa might go a long way to salvaging his day.
“Regardless, you came to the correct conclusion, for both our sakes.” Sherlock kissed his forehead and hauled John across his chest to settle in.
John shuffled blearily into the kitchen Sunday morning, yawning to himself. Sherlock was already at the table, peering at a slide set up in his microscope.
221B was a safe cocoon around them and perhaps it always had been. Even since the time when it had just been, “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other,” and “How could you possibly know that?”
John ranted and gestured emphatically until Sherlock sighed, shook himself lightly like a bored dog, and got up from the table towards the flat door.
I...I would like to. I would really like to. I've wanted to for so long. Sometimes it's all I can think of how much I'd like to...just...you. And me. We. I'd like to. To slowly, over and over. I'd like to by the fire light. I'd like to on the table where we take our tea. Just softly. I'd like to. Just we. I'd like to. To gently...if you let me. Deeply. To just...mmmm. To hear it spoken softly. To say...to say...softly. I'd like to. I'd like to give...and take. To yes oh god yes. I'd like to. Would you. Would you like to?
John rubbed his eyes blearily and shifted his hips uncomfortably. Sherlock had thrown a blanket on him thankfully so he wasn't COMPLETELY embarrassing himself right now. His body was still incredibly lit up from his very life-like dream.
“It means Deirdre,” she quietly forced through clenched teeth, “ That YOU will dial 999 right fucking
John's brain drifted to mingle with memories of Sherlock actually acknowledging him. That first night - shooting the cabbie and saving him certainly got his attention. The way the detective had looked at him during their run-in with Moriarty at the pool. Desperate and afraid - as if John really meant something to him….
John pulled out the box of tea bags and deposited them on the counter. He stopped to scratch his head and stretch his neck a bit. He then filled the kettle and switched it on.
“Ah, Angelo knows how much I adore this. He does not make it very often. The rosemary and garlic are at perfect counterpoint to the sweet notes of the yeast dough. Here. You must try some now while it is still at the ideal temperature.”
The dead man's wife, Imogene, who seemed to have a great deal going for her now that the man's rather sizable life insurance policy would have to pay up, was adamant she knew nothing about what happened on the fateful night. She had not even been home for a week before her husband had his fatal attack. The insurance company still wanted to make sure and enlisted the Met, and ergo, Sherlock, to investigate.
John leaned forward, neatly dipped his fingers into Sherlock's cup, and then held his tea-soaked fingers to Sherlock's lips to sample.
Sherlock curled up towards John's body as he stroked him through it and Sherlock came violently all over his own belly and John's now weakly twitching cock, still clutched in his relaxing grasp.
Without hesitation, Sherlock compiled and laved the proffered hand with his tongue. John shifted his weight to up to his knees so he was kneeling between those long, sinewy legs.
John, still struggling with the corkscrew, turned at the smell, eyes closed, reeling slightly at the smell that he so keenly associated with his flatmate.
Quicker than he thought was possible, John leaned over and managed to haul Sherlock up into his arms.
At that moment, the other nurse bustled into the kitchen, clearly on a search mission. She spotted Hamish and reached out to grab him.
“I'll go get us some cinnamon rolls for the road then. Get this over Pulp Fiction style, with our tasty beverages”. Hamish ran his hand across John's shoulders carelessly as he got up to join the counter queue.
“You are an irreplaceable and engaging idiot. I had hoped you would have reached this conclusion sooner, but you were worth the boredom of waiting for.”
Didn't he JUST tell himself he wasn't going to think about Sherlock today? And what the hell was the bastard doing here anyway, kitted up in medical gear and actually looking  efficient and useful?
Trying to act cooler that he felt, he casually placed his hand on her arm as he passed and called out evenly, “Yeah, well, see you later on, right? You can stand me a pint.” He leered and winked at HER.
John collapsed with a whoosh of breath onto Sherlock's chest and long arms wrapped around him surprisingly tightly. Sherlock brushed his cheeks and forehead with kisses and tried to slow his own heartbeat down to a gallop.
The truth was, after getting no response from John on his mobile and rejecting calling in a favor from Mycroft, an admittedly, ahem, concerned Sherlock attempted to distract himself by dipping into his Mind Palace to have a conversation with John there. Peripherally, he was aware that he had knocked some of his hair samples on the floor. Somehow, as he knelt down to get them, the Mind Palace room shifted to the pool scene. He found himself kneeling in front of John, ripping the semtex vest off of him again and again and again, but no matter what he did, the explosives went off every time. Only when John had walked into the sitting room in the actual flat did the image fade and Sherlock had slumped in relief.
“Boring. The herd could use a bit of thinning. Don’t argue. You know I’m right.” Sherlock pierced him with a pointed smirk and a slightly raised eyebrow.
Had Sherlock gone to shops of his own volition? He felt a shiver of excited anticipation race through him.
“Experiment, John, “ Sherlock intoned breezily. “All a matter of perception, you know. I've been subtly altering your clothing for nine days and you did not notice until now. It helps prove the case I'm working on where a woman drove her partner to a mental breakdown in a similar manner. Your help has been invaluable.”
Sherlock wanted John. He knew that now.  In all honesty, that was one of the final points, but it was a damned important one. He wouldn't have snuck upstairs and slipped into John's bed at well past 2am otherwise. It was surprisingly easy to cosy up to the sleeping doctor. John had actually done all the work, rolled over and tucked Sherlock alongside his body and flung a proprietary arm and leg across him. He knew the shower and the bath gel had been the right decision when John stuck his nose in the crook of his neck and licked a long swipe of that infuriating tongue of his from the top of his upper trapezius to just shy of his left mastoid process. It ended with a soft, open mouthed kiss there and a tug of the sensitive earlobe a few centimetres up. Sherlock had shivered violently and did everything possible to calm his body's reactions and sleep. And wait.
John was still lounging comfortably under the sheets when he returned. Sherlock knelt carefully, a knee at a time on the bed and leaned forward as John sat up to meet him.
“Yeah, Same here. I'm staying with some distant relatives while I'm here. Work study for finishing my nurse anesthetists training. People usually call me Eliot - it's my middle name. Hamish is not really a popular or a well known name in the States, though here, folks don't blink an eye at it.”  He turned that chocolatey gaze back to John and for the love of God, winked
John slammed both hands down on the counter and bolted from the kitchen, a muttered, “Just take mine,” thrown in Sherlock's direction without looking. “I've got to get to work anyway.”
“John, you are being ridiculous. I distinctly recall dreaming about a picnic in a flower-covered meadow and having tea and scones and marmalade. YOU were even there,” he added with an accusatory shake of his hand, as if that made it all clear and above board.
That earned him a surprised gasp from John that transmitted straight to Sherlock's groin like pure sodium being introduced to a beaker of water - excruciatingly volatile and intense.
“Obvious. I've always known. You ARE an idiot.” Sherlock's voice was muffled with the attention it was giving the spot that John never even knew he had.
Sherlock momentarily lost focus as his brain was rapidly drained of blood in a mad dash for all hands on deck to regroup in a much more southerly region of his body.
“You go put it in the blue supply bag that is sitting on the right side of his desk,” Sarah whispered to Sherlock conspiratorially. “The leftover vaccines and wipes and such are still in there. Put it in deep and he'll think he just stuffed it in there and didn't see it the first go around. I'll go keep him busy up front for a few minutes. Go now. Come back here and I'll tell you when it is safe to leave.”
“Right. Because the universe revolves around you, Sherlock, not that you would know that, mind you, since you DELETED the whole thing. I was at WORK, you egotistical berk. Being productive, healing the sick, you know - doing my part for humankind,” John shot back testily.
Vida returned home that afternoon. Her grandmother was at her usual place at the computer, fondly combing through back cases on John's blog. She lifted her head expectantly to her granddaughter. The younger woman just smiled. “You've still got it, Grandmother. The seed has already set root. Heavens, now you've got ME using your crazy heavy-handed horticultural analogies too.”
Mr. Chamberlain was one of those patients that bounced from clinic to clinic with vague symptoms of pain - his lower back, migraines,joints, whatever he could say to convince the medical staff to prescribe him pain meds for him. They had identified him as a pain medication addict fairly quickly and tried to refer him to the proper channels that could address his problem and give him the help and support he needed.
Sherlock gaped. He had had an entire debate structure and persuasive arguments concocted in his brain to gently ease John into acquiescing to the ahem, logic of, well, upping the game, as it were. He was prepared to play dirty. Perhaps that wouldn't be necessary…?
They hardly lasted a few more thrusts when John, without warning, suddenly rocketed off the edge and came violently in short, powerful bursts.
Sherlock lunged forward, grabbed John by the shoulders and bodily dragged him onto the sofa, slamming his back hard into the cushions along the wall.
John tucked his head down and touched his lips to Sherlock's forehead, murmuring a sleepy, “G'night, love”. He stroked his right hand across Sherlock's back and let it rest there as he drifted off.
Sherlock was still right there in front of him, bread hovering centimetres from John's lips, urging him on.
John sipped his coffee appreciatively as he waited. Hamish knew how he took his coffee. He couldn't help but like the man. He seemed simple and uncomplicated. What a switch that was. When the nurse returned, he rose, and they left side by side, not noticing the lanky loiterer who had found a seat hunched at the cafe tables out front, again pretending to be transfixed with his phone.
John frowned at her and admitted he had just riffled through it randomly before. He carefully upended it onto the desk and fished his hand around on the bottom. Lo and behold, his hand emerged with the missing object.
“No. John can hardly help the interest others might have in him - he HAS formidable charm and a certain appeal, after all. You all were fortunate he was here in such a situation as today, Doctor. I am gratified no harm came to anyone. I also thank you for your assistance in my own matter,” Sherlock finished vaguely.
“All of that was just a few hours ago,” Sherlock whispered. “Are you sure John is alright? No injuries he was trying to hide? Stitches? Bruises? You know he hates making a fuss about himself.”
“Did I?” those odd, multicolored eyes flickered over him, over Mrs. Hudson, taking in their disheveled aspect, each minute detail.
Siger handed his Père the mobile that had been in the adult’s pocket.  While Siger could not tell time yet, they’d discovered he was more than capable of accessing the timer app on Sherlock’s mobile.  Ten minutes.  Not an extended period.
Siger Holmes went back to Baker Street with the charcoal trousers, matching blazer, the white shirt shot with green, the emerald vest, and the dark red tie.
Another twitch from his spouse.  Siger thought for a moment, then said, “Okay, Daddy.” He went back to the sitting room to play Dread Pirate with the mermaids there - both the one inching around on the carpet barefooted, and the other who was sitting on her nappy throwing blocks about the room.
Mother liked to quote someone - James could tell it was quoting.  “‘In a world of locked rooms, the man with the key is king,’ James.  Information is the key.”  James knew that information on Siger and his Daddy was important to keep from Mother.
Sherlock turned over, pulling the remaining sage-green sheets and the forest-green duvet from John, drawing them with him to the far side of the bed.  John took a moment to watch the dark curls settle on the custom-made pillow before turning to make his way to the loo.
Siger liked almost everything.  He had small, browned potatoes, roasted along with the beef.  A plate of chipolatas was demolished by the three children.  Sprouts dressed with slips of carrot and balsamic vinegar were tested and found wanting, though Siger had liked them before.  Mushrooms simmered in wine were enjoyed more by the adults than the children.
John read with quiet expression: “‘At one time, most of my friends could hear the bell, but as years passed, it fell silent for all of them. Even Sarah found one Christmas that she could no longer hear its sweet sound. Though I've grown old, the bell still rings for me, as it does for all who truly believe.’”
Gagging was a natural response.  Of course it was.  John was lucky he didn’t vomit into the sink.  And that was not the flu.  Also vulgarity.  “Bloody fucking hell, Sherlock,” the doctor found himself shouting, “Why are you cooking a human roast?”
Breakfast there was.  Not a full English, but certainly bacon, and beans on toast, which suited Siger.  And it was enjoyed on the floor of the front room with everyone in their night clothes (though with freshly changed nappies for the girls). Ross seized the opportunity to roll toward the piles of presents.  Sherlock snatched her up again and again, a game - little, dark-haired girl in a red and blue striped onesie rolling about, and her father, wearing his gorgeous brocaded dressing gown over well-worn tee shirt and pajama bottoms leaning over to pick the girl up and blow a raspberry against her cotton clad belly before setting her down on her Aunt Harriet’s afghan in front of the couch.
Greg stopped chuckling and took a long swallow of his lager.  With practiced hands he managed the pasta, and soon the broccoli and prawns were seated in a soft linguini bed.  The garlic and olive oil were deglazed from the pan with a splash of wine from Mycroft’s bottle.  The resultant sauce drizzled over prawns, broccoli, linguini and all.
“Twenty minutes,” John said thoughtfully.  He quirked a smile at his son.  “Any idea what Père’s thinking about?” he asked.
had set in the sitting room for vomit emergencies.  The boy felt awful, achey and hurting, and hot.  The only benefit, so far as Siger could see, was that he got to fall asleep that night curled up next to Daddy.  After the days of quarantine and staying mostly away from his father and his sisters, it was good to have Daddy hold him again.  Siger just felt sorry for
“Makeup?” John was startled, “They’re only seven.  Why would they be wearing makeup?  Where did they get it?”
Mary Carol, her sister, was in the states with her children this year.  Anthony had been offered a transfer, with the company paying to move the entire family. Martha thought she might be able to afford to fly to Houston.  She didn’t like to, though.  Christmas was better here in England.  Even without family.
“And then, there’s a distinct lack of Sherlock in our lives as well. They were bound to figure out something. And you know how Anderson is with his conspiracy theories.”
James liked shooting.  He just didn’t like the targets.  They were all the same person.  A man with sandy hair and a gun.  On the target he was wearing a British Army uniform.  He looked younger in the target picture than he did when James met him at school one day.  The targets were all of Siger’s Daddy.  Mother didn’t know that James had met Siger’s Daddy, and James was not about to tell her.  He liked Dr. Watson, who had a smile for James, and always picked Siger up from school with a big hug and a swing around in the air.
Inside the church there had been an evergreen wreath, and candles.  The candles were a lovely blue.  But Daddy hadn’t liked those.  “Blue for hope” he said, “instead of purple for the coming King.”
Sherlock leant his shoulder against John’s and smiled widely, “Just think of all of Mycroft’s fancy pans that you can experiment with, Hudders!”
“All good, Dr. Watson,” Alice Brown tended toward the formal in the presence of the courier from the MET.  This particular courier was, well, particular.  She never left without the required paperwork, signature, or case files.  To be truthful, Alice Brown believed that Constable Woodring had a rather large crush on the good doctor.  Which was amusing.  Women tended to ignore Sherlock Holmes’s rudeness in favor of those model worthy cheekbones and dark curls.  Alice Brown knew both men too well to be enamored of either.  Neither was much like her beloved husband - still greatly missed.  Alice Brown had no desire to find a replacement, or a new companion.  Outside of her job, she sank herself into church and choir, and found happiness enough.
“I don’t know where they are,” said Siger, who had looked around the top of his bed for the tiny trainers usually kept in the bottom of the wardrobe.
“Not what I meant,” their father murmured, as he turned his attention to lunch. He could read the writing on the wall, and saw a future of rainbow making for the rest of the day.
Sherlock picked a book from the floor, looking with distaste at the cover.  The illustration was bright blue, a star spangled sky, with a cherub portrayed as a young boy with a halo tipped crookedly over his brow.  The boy was clutching a wooden box.  Sherlock had scanned this book quickly in his search through the crawl space boxes.  He'd determined this story to be mawkish, and with doubtful dogma.  It was not the worst in the box, and so he had brought it downstairs for John to examine.  He tossed it behind the rocker.  “Bring me the book you would like to hear,” he instructed his son.
First things first.  Mrs. Hudson’s flat would have to be completely redone.  He didn’t think there was structural damage to any of the house other than Speedy’s, but the smoke and water damage in the flat was considerable.  Suitcase from the closet, he dragged damp, smoky undergarments from the dresser, adding what necessities and clothing he thought Mrs. Hudson would appreciate.  A quick trip to the kitchen, and Sherlock retrieved an item from Mrs. Hudson's arsenal, tucking that in among the polyester.  He knelt down and pulled the case containing her soothers from under the bed. The suitcase and case he stood in the front hall before climbing the seventeen steps to 221B.
John sighed.  “We should start reading the first book to Siger in the evenings.  Or to each other.  While the girls are playing on the floor.  The wands signify traits of the wizard.  Like blackthorn for a warrior, or cherrywood for self-control.”
Cuddles did not expect the human missile launched at him when he opened the Belmont’s boot.  Surprised, off balance, he fell backward onto the cracked blacktop, the back of his head connecting hard with the asphalt.  He was being choked, a belt or something throttling him.  Clever lad, this doctor.
After the scrubbing was done, they emerged to find supper on the table, and a mysterious tall object in the sitting room, covered with a paisley, flat bed sheet.  There was clamoring, “What’s that for?” but Sherlock did not give them anything beyond, “Observing.”  Siger pretended to zip his mouth shut before he scootched his chair in at the kitchen table.
“I know you are joking,” Sherlock raised his head.  “Even from you, fish fingers and custard sounds particularly vomitous.”
Ah well.  Time enough to get his genius to bed in a bit.  For now, John might not be able to move, but he decided that he really didn’t want to.  And while this might not have been what he was expecting in a settled life, he was really very happy with what he had.
Mycroft Holmes tracked the black Belmont as it approached the derelict dock area.  His staff were immediately behind in a plain, white van marked for emergency road service.  For once he was grateful at the lack of imagination in many of the criminal class.  Imagination tended to throw kinks into patterns.  Though there were always kinks.  Mrs. Hudson’s abduction had been just such a surprise, and they’d lost track of the Belmont on CCTV while she was being picked up.  Then her transponder had flickered on and blinked in concert with John Watson’s right next to it on the GPS.
“A siege?  We’re not talking about roving gangs in the streets, Sherlock.  We’ll have to follow fairly strict hygiene protocols, but if we’re staying in London, we can’t shut ourselves up here in the flat.  You’d go insane!”  John said pointedly.  Then, “And you’d take me with you.  For the fun of it!”
Anna smiled and nodded.  They quietly enjoyed their sweet flavorful strawberries listening to the sounds of the children playing from the monitor.
Sherlock Holmes was not a good patient.  Along with fools, he did not suffer limitations to his transport well.
John Watson giggled.  Sherlock loved that sound.  “Alright,” John said, sitting back, “I’ll get started on breakfast, while you get the children going.”
“Not to eat,” Sherlock Holmes pointed out, as the family had given Mycroft a unique marzipan Christmas ornament last year, and planned on doing it again this year.  Of course, he did still eat them in front of his brother.  One must have some fun, after all.
“Yeah, yeah, Siger Sweet, I know.  It’s just happening a little more quickly than I expected.” John looked from his son’s serious face to Miri and Ross on the sitting room floor.
But he had to be the one feeding and tending to the rats, as the person loaning him the venue refused to do so.  Siger had gone to help him several times, and was a very good helper, considering he was three, but the girls were becoming mobile, and that would not do in a heated warehouse filled with cages of rats with just Sherlock to mind them.
“No.  Though we can’t go out, we’ll have to do some of our Christmas shopping from 221B,” he reassured his son.
“Yes!” Siger sat up straighter in the pew.  Usually he listened to the organ music, but Christmas has its own fascination.
Grammy Hudson followed him in with a handful of cards, and an armful of wiggling Miri.  “Here’s the rest of the mail, John dear.  Quite a number of Christmas cards today. “  She put them on the counter in the kitchen, but Siger was concentrating only on the precious cards for Miranda, Rosalind, and him.
Mycroft’s men wouldn’t be so obvious, John thought.  “Is he very tall?” he asked. He didn’t think that Sherlock would have been surveilling him, but it was not completely outside of possibility.
Now Sherlock gave his description of a long and excessively convoluted series of events from the comfort of the quilt covered queen-sized bed - showered and clad in pajama bottoms and tee shirt, bare feet stretched out, and hands clasped over his chest - while John, wearing boxers and a tee shirt, tried to take notes from the table by the ruffle bedecked window.  The apprehension of the phony fortune-teller and her set of identical triplets in the act of smuggling antiques would make for an entertaining entry in John’s blog.  “Brilliant, as usual,” he told his partner before adding, “Why did I need to get the box of thirty seven severed hands, then?”  The hands were residing in a cooler in the police station until the next morning.
When he’d started the targets had been at the end of a long gallery, standing still.  Now they moved.  James did not have to think about the algorithms for their movement.  Mother said that knowing the pattern of the targets movement was cheating.  And it would cause him to miss if the target did something unexpected.  She quoted Sun Tsu about fighting the enemy a lot.
Siger looked thoughtful, “Well, yes, Ross will put them in her mouth if she can.  She likes to put things in her mouth.”
Since it is no longer actual Advent, I've taken the 2019 off.  Left the word as a title, because it means the arrival of something.  Some of you have, of course, already picked up on the canon (and not so canon) elements.
They looked at books, at plush animals, at what his Pere called ‘learning toys’, and selected a board book for Miranda, and a book that could go into the tub with Rosalind.  They found a book on bones for Daddy, and a warm rainbow scarf for him as well.
“It will be nice to see Dr. Jack and Mary again,” said Jeanette.  She’d never met Mary Watson, in spite of carrying her fertilized eggs to term.
“A bit extreme for body disposal, wouldn’t you say?” John found this interesting in spite of himself.  “Why didn’t they just leave the corpse out in the countryside?  In a quarry, or a skip somewhere other than London?”
Unfortunately, the item that most attracted his niece’s eye was a pink “Hello Kitty” party dress.  “Hand smocked,” the clerk, Lucy by her nametag, told them.
hold to peer down at the two tiny creatures in the bassinet.  “Bee,” he said, then “Baby.  Two.  Two babies.”  His hands worked in the signs he’d been learning.  The number two.  The sign for babies.
The look Mycroft gave him as he joined John at the table was severe. “Fiction, John, and poor planning.” Gesturing for John to be seated, Mycroft joined him with an equally severe cup of plain Oolong. “How are the children?”
Greg looked startled.  “Well, I will ask him if he wants to go.  He might have other plans.  But he’s welcome if he would like to join us.  Is that alright?”
Sherlock Holmes smiled in the darkness.  “I used to listen to you on the monitor.  When you sang it to Siger.”
Within moments Jeanette had the dynamic rearranged, and took the mobile from John’s hand to capture their first photograph together.  Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, and their children.  Siger Sweet, Miranda Cat, and Rosalind Love.
At John’s nod she continued, “Of course I don’t know what it will be yet.  So if you give me your card, that’s good.”
When both Miri and Ross jumped up and down wildly, offering, Sherlock gave them both a stern look and said, “You are to observe.  Therefore you can not be the subject.”
Flu might be bad for babies.  It is pretty much the worst thing ever for an active preschooler.  After a while, Siger tried to climb down off of Daddy’s and
Sherlock took his arm and moved into the kitchen.  “Do you think that Rosalind might be delayed?” he asked in a hushed voice.
Bert looked over. “Why can’t you get your tablet?” he asked.  Since he thought that was the actual issue.
It was the flu.  John was a doctor, and he knew the flu when he saw it.  Or felt it.  In spite of his flu jab at the beginning of the season.  The aches, the shivers, a hacking cough, bleary eyes, the fuzzy thinking.   Both John and Ross had them.  And possibly the rest of the family would come down with it soon enough.  That would be awful.  Sherlock really was a horrible patient.  But for now John had quarantined themselves from the rest of the household, and taken Ross to the Pediatrician.  A doctor should not diagnose a loved one.  Unless it’s an emergency.  And your tall, insane partner decides to race into danger and break a leg, or get hit by a bullet, or whatever it was this week.
“We’re going to be correcting that.  We’re going to share literature with the children, not just facts.  Not just history, and the lives of famous criminologists.”
“Keep away from the windows, please,” he added before running back downstairs to find Alice Brown had bolted the doors, as they’d practiced, had started the cameras above the black front door and over Mrs. Hudson's back door, and was now setting the alarms.  “Mrs. Hudson!” he shouted, giving the briefest moment of courtesy before opening the door to her flat and stepping inside.  Really, John was having a bad effect on him.  A moment’s hesitation was bad in an emergency situation.
A taxi transported three wildly excited children and their parents, all to Mycroft’s “flat”, where they were welcomed by a rather large group of individuals. Aunty Harriet was already there.  Siger was overjoyed to discover cousins Em and Danny were jumping about behind Uncle Greg while waiting for Siger to take off his coat for Uncle Mycroft to hang up in the coat closet.
Gregory Lestrade switched off his mobile, and returned to the paperwork demanding his attention with a refreshed spirit.
Rosalind and Miranda waited to hear if Daddy would supplement their vocabulary, but John kept  his usually inventive mouth tight lipped.  They went back to their tablet story, while Siger helped his father to pack their purchases into the cloth bags the twins had been sitting upon.
When I was little, our grandmother always greeted people with a kiss on the lips.  It wasn't sexual, it was a dry little peck.  A quick buss.  But it was culturally the way she grew up greeting people who were family. Much the way that some families touch cheeks together when they meet.
Giving up on the blog, John went back to a saved search from the local public library.  A lengthy list of titles available appeared: adult as well as children’s tales, fiction and legend.  He’d cut out the nonfiction, craft, and activities materials.
, and received a package in the mail. He was downstairs when the package arrived, sitting on the bottom step feeling bad.  He did not feel well.  Both of his sisters, and everyone else in the household, were in quarantine, and so he was lonely.  He was also sad for
opened the door so that Siger could look inside.  Daddy was asleep, snoring, under his covers.  Ross was tucked up beside him, her deep breathing not quite a snore, and she was holding tight to Lambkin.
The warning came in the new year, shortly before Sherlock’s birthday.  Dr. John Watson did not so much see it all coming, as was given a discrete heads up by someone he knew “in government” fairly early on.  He was not able to keep it from his partner.  Even the children noticed that their father was disturbed about something.  But he did not bring it up as a topic of discussion either.
Siger thought it was a good night, watching a film with Pere.  And the pair of them fell asleep on the sofa.  Siger was sound asleep on top of his father when Pere turned off the telly, and put out the light.
Bert Tran enjoyed visiting the Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park.  He had taken dates here, and of course he’d come here many times each season with Siger, Miri, and Ross.   The last time had ended hysterically, and Bert had photographic evidence.  When Sherlock and John went anywhere with them, it was always more interesting.  For one thing, Bert was able to look around more instead of continually watching the children.  For another, things seemed to happen around Sherlock Holmes.  Today Bert was pushing the double pram, which was empty now but for the nappy bag and a variety of lap rugs and toys.  Siger had helped push for a while, but had run on ahead to explore.  Not too far, of course.  Even so, Bert kept a good eye on the boy.  Not very busy today.  Less of a crowd made it easier to follow Siger’s bright red hair.
They stopped their play at the mention of their names.  Miri said cheerfully, “I want a monitor for Daddy and Pere!”
“Don’t worry about them,” she told him, “They’re used to me talking to people.  Also, they’re asleep because they get air sick.  So they took acetazolamide."  She stumbled just the least little bit over the word.
,” Greg Lestrade admitted as he poured another cup of the really excellent coffee.  At the dead silence he looked up to find both their nephew and his spouse staring at him. “What?  It’s an old book.  Not much read with the National Curriculum and all.”
“That’s what his husband is for, John, not his brother-in-law.  And you’ve already been the mastermind behind the marzipan ornaments, which are truly something that Mycroft appreciated last year.”  And then, because Sherlock’s mind began to click through the entire conversation it occurred to the man that his own partner might wish for one of these ‘wands’ for himself.  “This is what I will agree to.  For Christmas, we will give the gifts we currently have.  Then, after Christmas we will invite Mycroft and Lestrade to see the movie that you are so set on viewing.  Is that acceptable?”
Bert thought back to his bout of it, and could not agree more.  Fetching the tablet for Siger, he helped by typing “ice rinks london” into the search bar.  Siger knew how to tap on “images” in the browser, and soon they were examining photographs of men and women on skates.  “Are they dancing?” Siger asked.
There was a huff of agreement into his hair.  John pulled away so that he could reach up and kiss his husband softly.  This was, Sherlock Holmes thought, one of the better parts of being married.
The street side door opened and his spouse climbed in to sit next to John.  Sherlock’s pockets bulged oddly, and he passed the violin carefully to John before emptying out his pockets.  “Here we are,” he passed the three children each a bee.
“What?  This?” the doctor gestured broadly at the hideous jumper that adorned his torso.  The sleeves were rolled up, as they were much too long.  The body of the item was too long as well, and it fit John like a tunic.  The neck fitted John well enough, but was a shawl collar, and seriously out of style, as were the long cuffs and hem.  The yarn use was not only awful to look at, a melange of greens and reds, of purples and golds, of blues and silvers, but there was a cacophony of strange and twisted shapes knitted into the hideous mauve background.  “It’s my new ugly Christmas Jumper.”
“Traditionally --” Sherlock turned and told him earnestly “-- you would have set up the fairy lights in the foyer, in our flat, and outside of Mrs. Hudson’s quarters. It is the beginning of December.  We must prepare for Christmas.”
The dvd of the growing baby (via sonogram) lay on the top of the dvd player.  Greg and Mycroft had viewed it at least a dozen times, and were waiting to show it to Sherlock and John when they came to pick the children up.  The baby was shy, but Greg was certain it was a little girl.
The problem was that Rosalind did not want to take the yellow dress off for the clerk to pack it up.  Mycroft turned his niece to face him.  “Ross,” he intoned, “She must pack up our purchases.  We will take them home to show Miri, Siger, and your fathers.”
Daddy was sitting on the floor trying to get Ross to learn the sign for bottle.  Miri knew the sign, and so did Ross, but for some reason Ross never used her signs around Daddy.  She usually got Miri or Siger to translate.  Siger didn’t mind.  But Daddy didn’t like it.  And so he would spend extra time working with Ross on her signs.
Siger threw him a look.  “Not hot pink, Dad.  The dye would have faded out almost completely by this time I should think,” he said.
Intermittent tremor notwithstanding, John had dreams of danger, fear, and death after the fall.  Not just the battlefield now, nor the chlorine scent of the pool.  His dreams were not of birds and flying.  They were, to quote Monty Python with a Yorkshire accent, of a body that did “Not so much fly as plummet”.
Struggling up to the sill with Will’s weight encumbering him, Siger slid one leg over and felt for the wooden rung.  Standing on that, clinging to the painted sill, he cautiously slipped the other leg over until both feet stood on that single rung before starting slowly down one foot to the next bit of wood, then the second foot joining it.    When they’d practiced, he and Daddy and Miri and Ross, Siger had scampered down the rope ladder.  Daddy had said that.  Siger liked the word, and he’d used it for weeks afterward.
was hot.  And his scent, which was usually sharp, and smelled like his lab downstairs, was different.
The Colonel, as her hired hands referred to her, was very good with a gun.  Only very good because there was always room for improvement.  She kept in practice.  Not that anyone but Bascombe knew anything about that.  Her "husband" certainly didn't. He had no idea what gunpowder smelt like. He preferred her in less than subtle perfumes.
Two last purchases.  Mycroft contented himself with a sage green woolen coat for over the dress.  And, just because he could indulge her, Miranda left the shop wearing a brightly obnoxious “Hello Kitty” bow in her blonde hair.  Pop culture indeed.
Returning to the sitting room, he places the mug where his flatmate can find it, rather than attempting to hand it as the taller man scrolls through crime scene photographs on his computer.  Blindly the dark-haired detective reaches for his mug, takes a sip, and makes a humming sound of contentment.
“I’ll let you know when I’ve found him.”   Was Mycroft attempting to be reassuring?  Sherlock hung up.
“Alright, Siger, let’s find the loo,” Sherlock held out his hand and left Miri and Ross to John and Bert.
They walked past the stroller, where Miri was still talking to the sheep.  Siger noticed that the sheep were not paying good attention.
Siger, long red curls framing his face as he looked down at the dark haired doll-like person in his arms, was examining her intently.  Observing, as his father would say.  Soaking up information like a sponge, as his daddy often stated.
“That’s a relief,” the police officer said before taking another drink.  “What are those things supposed to be on the front?”
Even with Father.  James didn’t talk much to Father outside of lessons anyway.  Father talked only to Mother at the dinner table.  James could not imagine father with a gun.
He and their son listened to John Watson make his way down the stairs to the sitting room.  Sherlock was remembering his partner traveling to the flat for the first time with that psychosomatic limp.  Siger was enjoying bedtime.  He loved the time when his fathers read to him, or told him quiet stories by the glow of the night light, when Miri and Ross were both asleep.
“No, of course not,” his daddy replied, and then, with an exaggerated seriousness, added, “You are the chiefest of calamities!”
Siger looked about the untidy flat.  He did not feel all that much like cleaning up.  Truth be told he was feeling crabby, and achey, and just wanted to sit on Pere’s lap.  “Pere,” he climbed up onto the couch with his father, “Will we miss Christmas while we are sick?”
“Oh,” John stopped, nonplussed.  “Well, I think we might plant some chamomile, if you like.  It’s not what Mrs. Hudson has in her soothers, but Mrs. Turner uses it as a sleep aide.”
By the shine of the fairy lights they’d hung last night, John Watson studied the sheet of hieroglyphics Siger handed him to check.  The sigh that heaved out of his body prompted a concerned look from Siger.  “It’s okay, Daddy, I can ask
“Yes.  The two boys, Vivaan and Adi, twins by the way, admitted to swapping the geese in an effort to make amends.  They thought that the pink geese might be harder for Mr. Gurdy to sell,” John sat down next to Sherlock on the couch.  “Siger received a fifty-pound note from Mr. Gurdy in thanks for his assistance.”
“I hear Siger giggles!” Daddy said, looking over his shoulder.  “Are you ready for something to eat too?”
I have always loved this set that my M.I.L. got for my children.  It's solid - near unbreakable, can go in the tub, and is too big for babies to swallow.  It passes the toilet paper roll (loo roll?) test of being too big to slide through one.
They’d attempted to prepare Miri for meeting Father Christmas this year.  Last year she’d taken a fright and cried hysterically.  Ross had yanked on the poor man’s beard, which was more or less permanently attached since it was his actual facial hair.
Now that John had spoken to him about loud public pronouncements, his son was given to “whispers” that were just below a loud and tactless announcement.  “Daddy,” Siger’s treble came from between John’s arms, where he was assisting his father with the trolley.
There were enough left over to travel around the tops of the walls in the nursery.  And even though Siger was a big boy, and didn’t need a night light, he went to sleep that night with the fairy lights blinking on and off, reminding him that Christmas was on its way.
Cuddles.  Yes, there are lots of times when Sherlock cuddled his children.  He would not call it that, he'd call it "responding to their emotional welfare".  And even more for John, both giving and receiving.
John Watson, on his way to prepare a risotto of last resort for his hungry children - all three clamoring for food as they swarmed about him in the kitchen - discovered that they were out of...well... everything edible.  This had been a long and busy month, with three cases above a six, school and pre-school concerts, and Sherlock’s inevitable experiments.  Not even a can of beans remained in the pantry to be warmed and placed on toast.  Mrs Hudson was away on a cruise with Mrs. Turner.  Bert was home visiting his family in Paris before the start of classes.  Alice Brown had left half an hour ago, locking up the office good and tight.
The second course arrived with fresh fruit - blueberries, melons, pineapple.  “What is this on the fruit?” Greg asked suspiciously.
Of course, compared to Sherlock Holmes, everyone was lacking - with the possible exception of Mycroft Holmes.
The range in the basement was one place that Father never went.  James would say that Father was not allowed down there.  Nor were the servants. Not even Mother’s old friends from the Army.  Just Mother, the range-master, and James.
“How decadent of you,” Mycroft smiled and added, “And you kept the whiskey truffles to console you on your lonely nights?”
“It isn’t the same,” she told him tartly.  “I don’t plan on destroying your brother’s kitchen to suit you, Sherlock!”
There were many rooms.  Dachaigh Duthchail was not a palace, but it was large.  From the tiny to the immense-in addition to the secure office, a huge library designed by Lorimer, a long formal dining room, kitchens able to provide for scores of guests, pantries, a breakfast room, a balcony above the curving wide front staircase, eleven bedrooms, and a host of small, intricate spaces, there were rooms that could be opened to become a ballroom, complete with parquet floor.
“We are never going back to that shop, Sherlock.  Not ever again.” John dropped his not particularly well done character in the cab on the ride home.
Mycroft loved language.  He was a master of it.  He gloried in long and sensuous wording.  And refused to admit that he enjoyed a good pun now and then.  “Really, Greg,” he said to hide his enjoyment, “A pun?  The lowest form of humour!”
“What is that? What are you doing?” John asked as he peered into the oven at the lovely brown roast, tied with string and resting in an enamel roaster.  There were no other foods simmering on the stove to accompany it.
Sherlock grimaced, “We were otherwise occupied, as you well know.”  He watched John gather their offspring together on the overstuffed chair with the flag cushion tossed at him.  Their son perched on the arm, while Miranda and Rosalind climbed into their Daddy’s lap.  “Siger, it is for an adventure.  Which means that it might be difficult at times, and uncomfortable.  Are you all willing to suffer with Uncle Mycroft and your cousins?”
Bert knew that Mrs. Hudson’s husband, Frank, had been executed by the state of Florida in the United States for the crime of murder. That bit was not, of course, mentioned in front of Siger.
The range had a smell to it that James loved.  Gun oil, and powder, and heat - and he thought of that smell as Mother’s.  Sometimes he could tell that she had been to the range because of it.  Sometimes she smelled like that after she’d been on a long trip. He was allowed to hug her after she returned from her trips, and there was always that faint scent on her big wool coat.  It was a lovely smell.
Siger squatted on the tiled floor, and smiled at his parent.  “All of life is learning, Dad.  You, and
Ross laughed out loud when Mycroft gasped and mimed horror.  The shopgirl, Lucy again, and not a part of their game, smiled blandly to cover her confusion.
For now, Mycroft was settling himself by going through the basic actions that Anthea had taken before notifying him of the crash and explosion.  Satisfactory.  Anthea was always satisfactory.
Alright, I'm trying this again, after a dry period with my writing.  I'm also trying to finish the 2018, so we'll see how this all goes.
Ross seconded, “He doesn’t have facial hair.  Or body hair.  Or a bigger eyebrow ridge than me and Miri.”
It would not hurt to fill some of these shelves with new material. The project would assist Sherlock in his duties as a father.  And provide reference for understanding the children’s peers when they reached school age.
Right then.  Back to Baker Street.  He’d make sure the bird’s mouth was taped though.  Cuddles didn’t like women wailing or weeping.
“Good job, Siger.  We have a campfire, a spot where someone was sleeping, a place where a bag hung on the tree branch, and a pile of very soggy wood.  What does this tell you about the person who stayed here?”
This chapter ties in with a story in the Thirty Days of Sherlock, as it is the day before the chapter entitled "Comfort".
For those of you who are not familiar with the Krampus, who has gotten major press this year (in my Pennsylvania Dutch home it's the Bellsnickle), here is information about December 5th, Krampusnacht.
Off duty now, he’d noticed Sherlock’s immersion into his Mind Palace, and was hanging out until John arrived upstairs to take over the twins.
“Time for practice, James,” Mother held a hand out, which James eagerly took.  “Let’s see how well you do now that we’ve talked about trajectories.”
Uncle Greg nodded, “Not Oliver Frank, no.  And yah.   The crown is fine.  One of your dated sketches proved that the guard had been in the room before.  Where he was not supposed to be, and out of uniform.  You’ve a good eye for faces and body language.”
Sweater clad arms slid around his side, his partner, his spouse, pulled him into hug from behind.  “The Queen’s speech,” John said over the soulder of Sherlock’s imaculate royal blue button up.
“Of course Dad will help,” Sherlock reassured his...no, their son.  “We’ll all help, won’t we, John?”
“There’s a man,” the girl told him, “He has visited the loo twice since we took off, and he keeps watching you while he’s in line.”
“Pink!” announced his niece, and poked a finger into the dusty rose velvet.  She had no interest whatsoever in the deep purple.
“That’s as may be,” John responded, “But as special as the marzipan ornaments are, I’d like to give Mycroft and Greg something else this year.”
William yanked hard to get the wooden door open, holding the sagging beard to his face.  Pulling the chain to turn on the bare bulb above he began to look for a bottle, a jar, anything marked “spirit gum”.   He was damned jumpy. Hearing a shuffling behind him, he turned around.
plays?  Can you pretend that you don’t hear?  We can talk with our hands.  Is that alright?”  John thought that might be a saving grace if they thought she couldn’t be a witness. Not that Ross did much in the way of signing.
Siger imitated his Daddy.  John, feeling slightly relieved went on with his explanation.  “It takes a whole year for the earth to do this.  To orbit the sun.  Over three hundred days!  So at this point of the year, the Winter Solstice, our part of the earth is tipped away from the sun, and so we have Winter.  And it gets cold.”
Then, stronger, she said, “I wish I had my frying pan so that I could teach those vandals a solid lesson!”
“What,” the tall, thin man took the moment to cast himself onto the couch,”Does my brother suggest?”
“Because,” John plowed on, “The sun is what gives us our heat.  Remember in the Summer when it was all hot and lovely?  You like the sunshine, right, Siger?  And you know how it feels in the sun?”
Daddy had tea set out on the sitting room table, in the white china teapot, and with all of the special dishes.  That meant this was a special tea.  There were currant rocks, and small sandwiches, bottles for the babies.  In the center was a wreath of evergreen, with candles sticking up.  Three were purple, and one was pink. While
“Fear not!” Miranda copied her brother.  Sherlock wondered if Rosalind knew the signs for the phrase.  He did not hear her small voice involved in the conversation.
did not go down well with Ross and Miri.  Miri started to cry as soon as they wheeled the pram to the grotto.  Ross, when presented with the roundly padded man in red, grabbed hold of his beard, which was, unfortunately for him, real and not spirit gummed on, and would not let go as she tried to stuff the long threads of wispy white into her mouth.
“And then,” Siger went on, “there was the angel who told Joseph to ‘fear not’.  And the shepherds on the hill at night.”
Reaching out, that strong, slender-fingered hand, Sherlock Holmes could just reach Siger’s feet - still wearing his slippers.  “We don’t have enough data, Siger.  We’ll examine the evidence, and find out who did it, and for what reason.  I would say, however, that if they’d wanted to hurt us - our family - they would have gone about it some other way.”
Siger dragged the snug sack from under the crib.  “Yes,” he said shortly and began to shove the holes over Will’s pajama clad legs.
reached high and brought down the special black book that Daddy kept on the top shelf, where babies could not reach it.  He handed the book to Daddy, and Daddy began to read some words that Siger did not understand.
Sherlock Holmes curled around his short, dangerous partner, and was humbled by the life he now led.  He thought of the grand experiment that was his children.  So much to learn from them.  It was a help to The Work, but it was more.  He felt the furnace that was the man who kept him right, kept the dreams and the craving away.  And fell fast asleep.
“Siger’s choice,” Mycroft pointed out gently.  He had, of course, been the one to introduce the boy to this particular establishment.
Siger looked the man over, reading him the way Sherlock had taught him.  “How do you know they’re not your geese?” he asked.  It was probably what John should have asked first, but he hadn’t thought of it.
He opened the black wooden front door - brass knocker comfortably askew - arms laden with groceries, to find his son, Siger, sitting on the carpeted middle step leading up to their flat.  Siger’s head, down on his knees, looked somewhat like a blooming red flower above his skinny trousered legs.  “Are you,” John started before he heard the violin start in the rooms above.  It was discordant.  It was disturbing.  “What’s up with
Joyeux was little.  The littlest of them all.  She could only really speak four languages.  Yet.  Same as Will, her big brother. English and French, of course.  British Sign Language was something they’d both spoken all her life.  And then there was Ting Viet that she had learned from her cousins and Bert, their Au Pair.  Not like Daddy.  Or Uncle Lock.  Who understood so many more. Of course, she had to admit, she spoke all of those four languages better than Uncle John, even if he did know Pashto.  And swearing.
Siger supposed that they were all dear, then, and he should just get used to it.  He moved over for Grammy Hudson to open the latch, and carried the cards carefully in through the gate.  Not waiting for Grammy Hudson to re-fasten it, he said, “Come on, Miri,” and ran past her into the sitting area of 221B.
He’d just stopped at the Tesco’s for milk (and some things never do change, - with three children they would always run out), when a sparkling clean black vehicle had pulled up. His mobile rang, the unlisted number familiar enough, and the voice of family speaking, “Get into the car, John.” Then as an obvious afterthought, “Please.”
John looked at the smiling faces and took a deep breath.  He hoped his spouse was not getting into trouble without him. Cheerfully, he told the children,  “Eat up everyone.  We have to go shopping for essentials after lunch.”
Miri was sitting up in her crib, but she didn’t say anything.  She was waving her bear, Snow White, showing her the fairy lights.
They examined the black and white and red of the illustrations.  Daddy said, “Well, that’s it.  Time for bed, Miss Ross and Miss Miranda!” and bustled the babies off to their cribs.
Mycroft slept fitfully, alone in his and Greg’s bedroom.  Guillaume and Joyeux shared the large upstairs playroom with Siger, Miranda, and Rose. John laughed hysterically upon first sight of his and Sherlock’s room in the tower. “Of course.  It’s a bloody tower room! With a stone spiral staircase! And we can only get to it from the library!”  Sherlock’s response was a small smirk before he headed off to a far corner of the library.  Leaving John to do the unpacking, of course.
“This one caused a few deaths in its time, as many a shepherd’s crooks has done.  It has a history, has this crook,” the man pointed out, eager to share the old tales.
They had no rainbows. Of course, they hadn’t known about the rainbows. The entire family were secreted within the grounds of an enormous house in Scotland on a large plot of land.  There was the drive, but it wasn’t like in London. They weren’t looking out the windows of Baker Street, or looking into homes from the streets to see what other families had pasted up to show solidarity.
“And well mannered too,” said Ben, as he knelt to gather up bits of plastic twine and needle clumps.
With a nod, long curls of dark hair strayed all about her head and shoulders as she climbed up onto her father’s lap. Looking up at his face, Rosalind waited expectantly.
“Siger didn’t demand older brother privilege?” John asked, putting the plate of bland pasta down on the side table.
“How do you sit like that?” John asked as he shifted in the uncomfortable train seat.  It had been a long ride, and they had hours to go until they arrived at their destination.
Bert wondered why Mrs. Hudson always used the skillet to smack intruders instead of the heavy marble rolling pin. Possibly because a dented frying pan could still be used, while a dented or chipped rolling pin would be pretty much useless.
Corralled afterward in the front room,  Miri and Ross fussed with the unexpectedly finery of lace and frills.  A bright red hem was stuffed into Ross’s mouth with a pudgy hand.  Miri examined the lace muttering quietly.  While their father tightened his bow strings, and began a series of sprightly flourishes on his violin, Siger smoothed his dress trousers, matching Sherlock’s, trying not to crease his fine new clothing.  John disappeared into the bath.  Siger could just hear him singing a Christmas carol under his .Père’s music.
“Why?” asked Siger gravely, as he watched his father slide the striped woolen mittens so that his thumbs ended up in their slot.
Ross’s card was red, and had a series of straggly looking stick figures standing on a green mass in the center.  Miri’s card had a curl of white crayon centered on green construction paper.  “Tell me,” Sherlock Holmes directed, “What these pictures depict.”
Have you ever wondered what type of parent Mycroft would be?  And what his children would be like?  Joy was the youngest of the seven cousins.
Daddy said that there were some words that children should not use.  Pere had told Siger that legally Siger, and Miri, and Ross would be children - minors - until they turned eighteen years of age.  So Siger would have to wait fourteen and a half years before he could call this Father Christmas an idiot.
Siger was incredibly pleased with himself, because he no longer needed nappies.  “All dressed, Daddy!” he lifted his feet up, “except for shoes.”
Miri’s turn was over quickly, and then Rosalind was placed upon Father Christmas’s lap.  Ross stared as well.  Then she signed instead of talking.  No surprise there.  But the Elf had rushed over to translate, casting an annoyed look at Father Christmas.  Ross, they noticed, was telling Father Christmas the story of baby Jesus in as great detail as her signing allowed.  Neither of her parents stepped in, as John was grinning at his girl, and Sherlock was smirking at the uncomfortable expression on the face of the costumed avatar of Christmas.  The man kept trying to ask Ross what she wanted for Christmas.  She would stop and look up into his face, then sign, “Yes.” and go back to telling him the story.
Hoisting the jug of milk, he stepped firmly from the curb and up to the doorway, juggling a ring of keys to open the locks. The milk stayed in the foyer, perched on the oak buffet against the wall, while he checked in with Alice Brown in the office downstairs. Bert was there, stretched out on the office couch reading a spy novel, and generally keeping the office manager company as she updated their online schedule. John then knocked gently on Mrs. Hudson’s door for a moment to chat. When he could not put it off any longer, he climbed the wooden stairs to home.
John Watson was thankful for bloody Mycroft Holmes.  He had to be thankful for something.  It was difficult, taped up and locked in a boot.  Again.  And the giant bastard had broken John’s new mobile, he was sure of it.  But John had distracted him with a kick to the knee, in order to reach the tracker Mycroft had given them.  John kept it by the door, out of sight on top of the trolley.  It looked like an odd bit of metal, so no one else ever picked it up.  The nurses thought it was his lucky piece.  Possibly something from his time in Afghanistan.  He had it, activated and tucked into his shoe.  So that was good.  No bones broken, something else to be thankful for.  Head was ringing, though.
“John.  We’re already going to his house for Christmas dinner.  We have the photograph of the children with Father Christmas wrapped and ready for Siger to give to him.  We’ve got the marzipan ornaments for him and for Lestrade.  What else do we need to do for my brother and his husband for the season?” The reasonable words were delivered in a grumbling tone.
Siger loved watching his Père think.  Père stood straight up, like hair when you stood under the fibreglass slide at the park.  “Sergeant Donovan, I believe you will find him masquerading as Father Christmas over in the Santa’s Grotto.”
Joy’s children, Sherlock reflected, would inherit that genetic trait, the male pattern baldness.  Joy’s little head was covered with dark red curls.  They were sort of an inbetween of Sherlock’s darkness and wave, and that little bit of Mycroft’s color.
Will counted himself very lucky when the coppers got the drop on the rest of the gang.  Not that he’d turned them in.  Nobody could prove that he did either.  That burner phone was in the Thames.
“I called him, and asked if we could come for dinner this weekend.  He is dying of curiosity about my sudden call.  He’s making a roast,” Sherlock threw off as he flounced back to the bedroom to get dressed.
“Siger, it is just you and me now,” Sherlock Holmes told his son.  Miri had joined her sister happily enough.  They were both sleeping together in the Graco, while John was snorting - as Siger called it - in his and Sherlock’s bed.
Surely nobody would think to look under a Santa Suit.  William Watts had not believed in Father Christmas for decades, but he was willing to give the saint a chance if it would keep him out of gael.  Simple enough.  He’d found the closest Santa’s Grotto, followed the old man when he’d snuck off for a quick nip at the bottle he had under his costume.  Easy enough to rap the guy on the head, tape him up and leave him in the bushes at the edge of the park.
Dr. John Watson was a man of action, and as he leapt from the chair, and dashed through the slatted door leading round the side of the house, past Mrs. Hudson’s bins, he had to swallow his heart back down from where it had jumped into his throat.  It was with a desperate stumble to the side that he prevented the catastrophe of running over Siger, looking twig thin in his shorts and tee shirt, as the boy lugged a huge empty pail around the corner of the building.  “Siger!” John started, “Where are your sisters?”
No.  That would be about the last thing on Siger’s list of things to talk about.  He got up, fetched the Vomit Emergency Bucket, and returned to his seat, after carefully placing it next to his chair.
A bright shaft of light blinded John Watson.  He knew how it must look.  A man standing on a dark country lane holding a pasteboard box.  Waiting right where he had been told to stand, for his partner who had obviously gotten delayed by some no doubt very important event.
was pushing the stroller, and Mrs. Hudson could not carry Siger anymore, because she had a hip. Siger had asked Daddy about it, because Siger’s stuffed skeleton, which had all of the bones in a human - and Siger and Daddy and
His cousin starfished, which made it very difficult to get those limbs into the appropriate holes.  “Will, please,” Siger’s voice trembled, for all that he was trying to keep it quiet and calm, “Please help me.”
Listening to the creaking of fake leather from Gregory’s chair, Mycroft could imagine his spouse leaning back as well. “Respectability is over-rated,” he murmured.
“Daddy?” Siger asked when they left the shop, “Why were they stealing?  The woman had money in her pocket.  And her purse.  It was evident.  They were laughing about it in the aisle.  And it wasn’t even for a case.”
Mounting the steps to the top floor he examined the least damaged room in the house - Sherlock assumed that 221C would be flooded completely.  He pulled in the rope ladder, shut and fastened the window. One large backpack pulled out of the closet served to hold the most important of the plush - the soccer ball, violin, lambkin, the girls’ bears and flying horses, and Guillame’s plush umbrella.  As an afterthought Sherlock shoved the soft plastic bees into the pockets of his tailored trousers, totally destroying the lines, stretching the fabric.  He didn’t care.
Sherlock sniffed disdainfully.  He told John, “All twelve of those crime spikes are clearly associated with the ridiculous consumption of the ‘season’, and forced familial togetherness.”
Gregory Lestrade choked.  “I forgot how literal they are at this age” he said as he mopped up his precious Arsenal shirt.
Sherlock Holmes gestured, a circle to encourage John Watson to get on with whatever reproach he was working toward.
“Not me, Johnny,” Harry rocked her niece, who was on her way to sleep.  “Wouldn’t trade it though.  Not now.  You?”
Well.  This was fun.  And not something that Bert had ever done before either.  He set to work with his small charge to put eyes on the camels, donkeys, and angels, smiles made from setting sprinkles end to end, and decorating each raw biscuit until they were just right.  It was nice, he thought, to be included in this.  At home, at the restaurant, he had never decorated the desserts.  His second sister was the artistic one.  And he had to admit that there was something different about creating food for your family compared to cooking for the patrons at the restaurant.  His parents, and his grandparents and uncles and aunts, were not likely to let him meddle in the food.  They had fun.  Of course they did.  But it was a different kind of fun, because cooking was not just their livelihood, it was their passion.  Something that Bert would not ever have for cooking.
That satisfied the three year old, who went back to the film.  Mycroft glanced over at his spouse.  “You’re not watching the film,” the tall, thin man commented quietly.
Siger did not think he could climb, in any case, with the three cards in his hands.  He listened to Grammy Hudson below, shuffling letters.  There was a soft dragging sound, as Miranda hoisted herself along the wooden flooring through the doorway from the sitting room.  She and Rosalind were not quite crawling yet.  They did manage to move though.  Miri was usually rolling.  Sometimes Siger rolled with her across the sitting room carpet.  Ross would laugh at them, but she was usually too busy trying to pull things from the table to explore with her mouth.  This sometimes made the laughter a trifle muffled.
Yes, those were classified and saved in the Mind Palace.  Nearby the kisses Siger had given the wound when Sherlock had been slightly shot during a burglary.  To clarify, Sherlock had not been burglarizing.  Not that time.  But Siger’s assistance of John’s bandaging had included a kiss on the neatly wrapped arm.  Gratifying for some strange and inexplicable reason, in spite of his protestations to his doctor at the time that “kisses do not make things better, John.”
“Isn’t it good that you just finished a case.  Now you have time to be ill instead of bored,” Daddy told him.
While waiting for Siger to finish up in the portable loo, Sherlock used his mobile to look up the company that had hired the unsatisfactory Father Christmas.  Walking back, he listened to Siger chatter about reindeer, and the differences between the Father Christmas’s all about.  His little voice was piercing, and Sherlock found himself hoping that the inept, dog owning thief that had been hired to impersonate Father Christmas could hear Siger’s comments.  There were very few people walking about now.  Odd, as Sherlock had expected this place to be packed.
But when Daddy came rushing in, saying, “Siger!  Stay in bed!  If you need something I’ll get it for you, okay?” Siger found that the tears started leaking out.
reading about some children who had made a magic city out of books.  Siger supposed that one day he might read that story to his sisters.  And when Daddy and
John did not travel much to those places after the charges for assaulting the Chief Inspector were dropped.  From time to time the independent investigatory team required is attendance while they slogged through case after case after case with Sherlock’s fingerprints on them.
John Watson took a deep breath.  He said carefully, “The earth - that’s the planet we live on - turns around the sun.  That going around the sun is called an ‘orbit’.  But the earth is tilted.”  John leaned toward the side. "While it orbits, it also spins around itself, and each spin is one day."
and his Daddy asked him about his afternoon with Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Lestrade, Siger dug the tie out from the pile of boxes.  “This,” the boy said urgently, holding it up to show his fathers, “is the colour of the tie we need to get Uncle Mycroft for Christmas!”
Daniel and Emma came up for visits, and lunch, and also because Uncle Sherlock’s lessons were more fun than their classes online. Emma gave her brother a disapproving, eyebrow raise at the amount he managed to engulf with one bite.  She turned to Siger, “We have a rainbow up on the wall in our room. My class sent it last week.”
Mycroft Holmes did not get offended when Gregory Lestrade laughed, even when it was at this minor member of the British Government.  Mycroft reveled in that joy.  And sometimes he released his control enough for a smile, or a small laugh himself.
Who Killed These Girls?:  Cold Case:  The Yogurt Shop by Beverly Lowry.   https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/beverly-lowry/who-killed-these-girls/
James was only James.  Mother did not like nicknames, at least not for James.  And never was he allowed to be called “Jim”.  One of the nannies had called him Jaimie once.  He had liked that.  But Mother had been watching.  Mother was always watching.  And Mother told James that was why the nannie had to leave.  James needed to learn how to treat servants, and that included preventing familiarity.
“Kid’s tea,” Daddy said as he disappeared into the kitchen.  Siger could hear him chatting with Bert.
John had at least gotten a good look at him.  That was something.  He said, “Thanks!” to the girl as he re-took his seat.
Siger was trying to pet his sister, saying, “Bon Miranda! Bon chiot!” as his sister crawled across the room toward the hallway.
John Watson had not thought it would be anything other than a normal day. Considering that a normal day could include explosions, rampaging about the house in pursuit of a naked child, or three now, or spouse for that matter - for not particularly fun reasons, or an odd individual meeting with them on the street to seek out their help, normal was relative.
Lastly, the man tucked the small violin case under his arm, heaved the backpack onto his shoulder, picked up the suitcase, and made his way downstairs.  Mycroft’s driver met him at the bottom, relieving the detective of the bags and violin case, and taking them to join Mrs. Hudson’s and John’s and his suitcases in the trunk of yet another polished black vehicle.
John, who had been rehearsing the words in his head all evening opened his mouth to blurt out something, anything. No words came.
When Siger was safely tucked up on the couch, and after he’d gotten a dose of medicine from the alligator medicine spoon, Daddy went back to cleaning the kitchen, which he said he had to do in stages as he was still a bit weak from the flu.
Miri giggled and shouted, while Siger sang Christmas carols with his mouth full of beans.  John strove to keep the tablecloth covering the sitting room floor orderly and out of the way of his rambunctious spouse and offspring.
Ben nodded, “Young Siger should see little Samson racing about under the branches of our tree.  Like a kid, he is.  Our babies are all grown, but don’t have children of their own yet.  So the wives like a bit of life, and Samson answers the bill.”
After a moment of observation, Sherlock sat down cross-legged next to his son and watched his movement, working idly to predict which piece Siger would need next.
John leaned into the embrace.  “So we didn’t.  Wasn’t a good time for it, was it? What with flu and kidnapping.  We’ll have to plan one for after the holidays.  A bit bigger than the ‘cake and ice cream at home’ we had originally thought of.”
“Now, if we were really attempting to make Daddy look like a woman, we would first give him a very close shave.  Stubble, or five-o'clock shadow, does not occur on the majority of women.”  There were giggles in response.  They were, after all, seven and nine years old.  “Luckily your Daddy shaved late today, and is still relatively smooth.”
Sherlock Holmes examined Sergeant Donovan, who was clearly here in an official capacity, after being called in on her day off.  Siger, who was almost always polite told her, “We are here to see Father Christmas.  But he was unsatisfactory.”
Sherlock still had dreams of it.  Of returning to Two Two One Bee to find himself alone.  Pining.  Wanting nothing more than to find his partner.
“Oh,” John sat back in his worn, upholstered chair.  “No, I guess they’re not.” That sounded sadder than he expected.
The sergeant, who had rung off his mobile told him, “Mr. Holmes is down at the station house.  He’s asked us to give you a lift, as he’s discovered who’s behind the thefts.  And the voyeurism.”
Little sister Miri had the habit of closing doors and cabinets.  It was a typical two-year-old obsession.  This was not an issue most times, as there were times when some of the older people were handling three or more children and whatever task they had undertaken.  But she also did this while the cupboards or doorways were in actual use.  Siger found this more annoying than anyone else, and his high-pitched voice could be heard lecturing his toddler sister.  No sound from Ross, as usual.
John peeled off the nitrile gloves he was using, and began to put the cleaning items neatly into the cabinet below the vanity.  “It wasn’t a sudden thing like Albert’s decision.”  Albert Tran had taken care of the children for years, but was now set up in a surgery practicing obstetrics.  He had told Siger and the twins about delivering a baby in a lift, triggering his desire to become a doctor.  John went on, “I just always liked taking care of people.  I seemed to have a talent in that direction from the time I took first aid in scouts.  It wasn’t until I got to uni that I decided to become a surgeon.  And of course, I paid for schooling by joining the army.”
Heaving a deep groan as he did so, Dr. John Watson got down on his knees before the sofa and said, ‘Alright, let’s see the damage.”
When Sherlock continued the conversation his own tea was cold. John was on his second cup and working his way through a queue of emails. “When do you leave?”
Sergeant Donovan flashed her warrant card, “What’s going on here?” she asked with what John privately thought of as her very bossy voice.
Miranda said, “I haven’t figured out how to convince them I’m not part of a conspiracy to steal art.”
Sherlock was relieved to note that this year the Father Christmas had a beard spirit gummed - very badly - it had obviously been reattached at some point.  Perhaps from the original Father Christmas.  This was a substitute for the original.  Obviously.
Where had the time gone? If Sherlock was at all sentimental, he would have said that his son had grown in the blink of an eye.  But Sherlock was not sentimental, and he would have to allow John to make that statement instead.
Mycroft pretended surprise, “Did you not know that the children were listening to your conversation?”
Ross and Miri did not wake up until the meal was over.  He heard Daddy say, “I’ll get them,” and was out from under his blanket in a flash.  “Now Daddy?” he asked hopefully.
“Er, yes,” John said as he tucked the pasteboard box under his right arm.  He jiggled his wallet out of the back pocket - Sherlock had told him time and again that it was not secure there, “any common pickpocket could filch it” - and struggled to open it one handed.
There were sticks to step over, and plants all round and dead dry leaves to crunch through.  The trees dripped big drops of water on them - Siger could see that
“No, actually, Sherlock thinks this whole thing has nothing to do with either of us.  Unexpected, I know.  He’s going to find out exactly who did it, and why.  Though he says it’s mostly likely only a two. Tedious.  Yes.
“Is this the day that we put up the fairy lights, Daddy?” Siger whispered toward his father’s ear.  Siger’s whisper was usually quieter than Miri and Ross’s attempts.  Today, the red haired little boy was having difficulty maintaining his excitement.  It was Christmas!  Or almost.
goodnight in his bedroom, and before lights out, they set the nativity scene up on the dresser in the Nursery.  Daddy read to them from the Christmas story.  The Holy family looked cheerful and comfortable in the shine of the fairy lights, as Siger went to sleep.
Rocking from heel to toe, John set his arms behind his back in a military posture.  “You could tell him we’ll front him the money to buy gifts.”
“What is wrong with looking seven?” Sherlock asked her.  He looked at his daughters with the intensity that told them it was important.  To him at least
When the flu patient rested the soup spoon in the empty bowl, John Watson popped his head ‘round the door like a genie from a bottle.  “All done, then?” he asked.
picked him up, and carried Siger downstairs.  There was an orange blanket on the sofa, and a pillow on one end.  They passed through the sitting room, and
’s hair was all wet, so it didn’t have any curls.  Siger pointed out tracks from the cats excitedly to
John could feel the weight of that tiredness hit him as they exited the cab at Baker Street later on that evening. It made him slower in keeping up with the chatter from his partner.  Sherlock had talked all the way from the Met, and was still going on about a scattershot variety of topics.  “We’re behind schedule, John,” his best friend chided him as he unlocked the black-painted front door of 221.
Christmas is, for some, the end of the year.  A time for reflection.  A series of moments to deal with loss, to be grateful for the present, and look to the future.  The long nights growing longer, until that moment when they start shortening again, preparing for the growth of spring and summer.
Albert Tran had a date.  It wasn’t the girl that he was apprehensive about.  She, Lily, wanted to go ice skating.  Bert had never been.
Sherlock did all of these things with no thought of a reward other than John’s pleasure.  John did catch on.  And responded to his partner’s benefit.
At least her baby, her car, was not part of the awful events of the night.  That nice young man, Dimmock, had made her check when she’d finished her statement.  Martha Hudson was familiar with police procedure - more familiar than most, she knew.  Imagine Mrs. Turner being woken up at the Lord’s own time in the morning to a car crashing into her building and exploding.
“Grammy Hudson,” offered Siger,  before adding, “But she’s having Indian food.  It was delivered while
John Watson was typing into his dying laptop, attempting to get the blog post out of the way before beginning their day, when his son joined him in the front room.  Stifling a curse -- the words he had so painstakingly entered vanished inexplicably -- John turned at the odd dragging sound behind him and discovered a head of red curls sticking out of an outsized burgundy bedsheet.  There was no way to prevent the bray of laughter that escaped.
“It’s not something from Afghanistan.  You treated burn wounds there.  You must have.  Explosions cause burns that must be abraded.  You were exposed to this before.”  His friend was watching him.
Slow steps mounted the staircase behind him.  “Siger, dear,” Siger could never get Grammy Hudson to remember that he was “sweet”, “Move over and I’ll open the gate.  You just stay right where you are, Miranda dear.”
The toddler examined the outfit seriously.  Bringing the skirt to her cheek she smiled at the thick fabric.  “Soft,” she signed.
“Open it in the sitting room,” his father instructed, before running off to check on Bert and Mrs. Hudson, and take away their trays.
“I haven’t a clue what you’re talking about, John.  I thought were we going to see the sunset in Regent’s Park,” Sherlock answered him.
Pulling the sheet from the object revealed a tall chair.  It was not quite like a  barber’s chair, and John had no idea where it had come from.  Sherlock pulled a set of lights over to focus on the seat, and said, “I will need a volunteer.”
“Our gifts to Siger, Miranda and Rosalind will be Christmas outfits,” Mycroft had more patience with repetition than his socially awkward baby brother.
John’s mouth opened again, only to be cut off by Sherlock, “You are not to treat Mrs. Hudson as a servant, Mycroft.  She’s not your housekeeper!”
Their small family were  on their way to Primrose Hill in Regent’s Park to watch the sun set.  As they walked, John's gloved hand holding Siger’s mittened one, and Sherlock pushing the pram, the shorter man gave his partner a sidewise glance.  “Siger says you told him about the solstice last summer.”
That was suddenly silenced.  Laughter crept down the hall and under the thick wooden door to him.  Possibly Miranda singing that Christmas song she’d learned from Mrs. Turner’s tenants.  At twelve months she really did not have either the tune, or the sounds correct.  It being in German to begin with.
told him, “You may open it as soon as Rosalind and Miranda are awake from their naps.  Which you may not wake them up from.”
“Afternoon, young Master Holmes,” the postman smiled down at Siger, then over at Mrs. Hudson who gave a flirty wink from behind the little boy.  “Plenty of mail for you today.  Can you hold it all?” the older man said as he proffered the rather large pile of envelopes - Christmas cards, bills, and inquiries for the consultancy - and packages.
They were safe.  Things were, if not actually good, then not horrible.  He and Sherlock would find out who did this, and Mycroft and Greg would see that person put away for a long time.  John Watson settled back into the embrace of his spouse and went back to sleep.
Their talk devolved to bits and pieces, the minutiae of life and children, the tedium of work.  By the time that Anthea knocked politely on the cellar door, an hour had passed.  Small things.  Ordinary talk. But it refreshed Mycroft Holmes, and prepared him to rejoin the household.
That was alright, Daddy said.  When Siger was small, he was a baby, and he was not allowed to go to places either.  Now that he was almost three he could go to more places.  And when he was big he could help his fathers find data.  Siger loved data. It was everywhere.  And everything.
John’s hug enveloped his boy and the oversized picture book.  “Perhaps not a live reindeer, Siger.  They don’t really come in  a miniature size.”
And John admired the sparkling  towers of magnets, sturdy walls of clear varnished hardwood architectural blocks, primary colored wooden shapes, a garden of pens and pencils, and finally, an avenue created by piling John’s paperback thriller novels together with a flooring of ripped and discarded - decidedly not gory - crime scene photographs.
The van rocked suddenly as a loud bang, metal hitting onto the front area.  Shouting, men’s tones, and then a voice called through the door, “Are you in there, Doctor Watson?”
The sentiment was echoed hours later as Sherlock and John bundled their three into their own beds up in the quiet, darkened nursery.  “This was,” Sherlock rumbled to his lover, “A not particularly annoying holiday.”
had been a mistake, and that was sitting on the shelf, long unread.  John had not attempted any of the more recent books by Tolkien’s son.
“Grit,” said Mr. Gurdy, “for their gizzards.  Made of ground oyster shell.  Helps them to digest, it does.”
was dressed like Daddy - his shirt was of plaid flannel, much like Siger’s pajamas, but in bright blue.  Sometimes Daddy wore flannel, but he did like to wear checked shirts, and that was close to plaid.  And
Glorious.  Well, the food was good.  The sex was great, as Seb didn't care who else he took to his bed, so long as he was discrete and didn't give her an STD.  The workload was easy.  Easier, anyway, than reviewing higher level Latin and maths with spoiled college students.  The boy was respectful – couldn’t be otherwise with Seb’s expectations – and interested in the subjects they worked on together.  It was creepy to be addressed as “Father”, even though he’d known the boy for the child’s entire life.
“I shared the whiskey truffles ‘round at work.  Sally has a taste for them.”  Greg’s tone changed, “Had to distract my team.  They know something is up. You bein’ gone, and me going home to an empty house.  I’m not that good of an actor.
“Thank you, Anna,” Martha Hudson took the thin, bone china and sipped the lovely cup of English Breakfast.
by the same author.  There were Christmas books for Kipper, for Lucy and Tom, for Spot, and the Jolly Postman.  Siger’s Daddy’s favorite was a Robert Ingpen illustrated version of
.  Well, not the avoiding people.  But I don’t want to be a consulting detective,” Siger told him earnestly, “You know I want to write music.  But I need to learn to do it better.  When I look at people I can hear their notes.  When I read stories I want to put songs together to make them stronger.”
“Fascinating,” those bright eyes peered at him, “I really had not thought of that at all.  We need to go to the range so that I can study your shooting.  How much training did you engage in to attain your proficiency?”
The look John gave him was not friendly, nor was it fraternal. Gulping down the last of his tea, the former Captain Watson took his leave with the snap of a crisp march.
Martha Hudson did not comment on actually ripe strawberries in December, but enjoyed another mouthful of really excellent tea.  “You’re very good.  You knew exactly how I take my tea!”
It was a puzzling story.  Two friends living together.  One tall and slender, the other shorter.  The shorter character, Mole, trotting about after his friend the Water Rat, clueless and yet bringing heart to the plotline.
I am three days late on the Advent for this year.  It's been a busy, tired, and sad weekend.   But I thought I'd post this, in the meantime.
This, so very often, is Father Time.  Not some white bearded entity who governs the passage of the fourth dimension - if time is that dimension, but that time when the children have been put to bed, and before, well, one at least, of the men will get up and get ready for bed.  At times they both do so.  Sometimes the tall man’s transport is given short shrift when a problem is to be solved.  It is their time to spend together.  As partners.  As fathers of their children.  Sharing the couch, and going about their regular tasks.
John laughed and took another pull of his lager.  “No, the children did not “buy” this for me.  Nor did Sherlock, although he told me that this was without a doubt the most horrific garment I had ever dared to assault his eyes with.  And that, if I wanted to play that game, he could find one even worse.  But he didn’t want to destroy our friendship.”
His sisters nodded heads vigorously in agreement, and concluded the discussion by putting their plushies to bed.  It was not long before Daddy called up the staircase, “Time to eat!” and the children went downstairs to begin their investigation.
“It’s quite eye-catching, Siger.  Pique, and with a nice texture.  And it will look very nice under a blazer, which is next on the list,” the well-dressed uncle replied.
After Siger had run enough to feel that he’d accomplished something, he began to look about for his father.
It is well known that Sherlock Holmes has a sweet tooth.  He puts entirely too much sugar in his coffee and tea, and takes a good deal of pleasure in consuming sweets and pastries in front of his long suffering brother, Mycroft, who is valiantly attempting to control his weight after a childhood spent being tormented over chubbiness.  Not by Sherlock at first, of course.  Sherlock had originally thought that Mycroft was perfect.  Sherlock aspired to be just like Mycroft.  But Sherlock was not ever going to give up sweets.  Not ever.
“Well, Mrs. Hudson will hear if you call for her.  Ready to go, Sherlock?” he asked as he straightened and made his way to the door.
“Well,” John gave it up for a bad deal.  “He said you told him a poem last summer.  About having to sleep by day.”
Greg huffed a laugh.  “Mycroft, one man shopping with a toddler for a Christmas dress will definitely give the impression that you’re gay.  Regardless of the right or wrong of it.  And yes.  That might change the way that the salesclerks work with you.  You know that.  Not really my point.  You can handle that.  Bloody terrifying, the thought of any clerk giving you sass.  And receiving a well earned smack down.”
“I’ve been asking you for input on Christmas lunch all week,” the shorter man said with frustration.
“I suppose that we should have taught him the sign for ‘sisters’ while we were at it,” John Watson said from his place at Jeannine’s side, reading through her chart.
“Back already?” John looked up at his oldest child.  Even when John was standing, Siger was taller now.  “Everything alright?”
carried him up to bed, and said, “Rosalind took hold of Lambkin, and stopped crying right away.  Tomorrow Daddy and your sister will go to the doctor and get checked out.  They’ll be alright.”
John opened his pajama clad arms in invitation, and Siger bounded through the door and onto the big antique bed into them.  “Did you snoop?” John asked the top of his son’s head.
Thus reminded, the tall, dark haired consulting detective reluctantly activated his own, and tucked it in the cuff of his own bright blue shirt’s sleeve.
Anthea, Mrs. Hudson, Anna, and George (Mycroft’s driver and primary bodyguard) each had their own rooms, and the remaining four were packed with more bodyguards and the household staff.  Considering that the children were wildly outnumbered by those observant and dedicated men and women, three of the five managed to escape adult notice fairly consistently.
?” received no answer.  Siger closed the door and turned to his sisters, looking like ghosts in their white nightgowns, the sheets on their cot pulled up around them.
called ‘telling looks’.  Then they put the girls on the floor, and Daddy lifted Siger down from his father’s lap.  “Well, Siger, it looks as though your
Oliver’s walk over was calm, but his reach for the radio link was not.  The duffle was confiscated, three other security guards, two of whom had been on friendly terms with Miranda before this, one that she didn’t know at all, arrived looking grim, and in no time at all Miranda was sitting in a plain white room on a hard plastic chair.  The officer from the Met who elicited an account of Miranda’s entire day looked her with hard eyes and an equally grim mouth before removing her to the station.
Sitting on the old wooden folding chair that Mrs. Hudson kept outside for “nice days”,  John began a list of necessary purchases for Siger’s project on his mobile.  Containers.  Top soil.  Something other than an old spoon to dig with.
There was a queue, but not much of one, so Dr. John Watson was able to observe his watcher from two places back.  Not a young man, so the hoodie didn’t really suit him.  Sherlock would, of course, have inferred and deduced everything about him.  All John could see was that he was slightly overweight, greasy blond hair sticking out of the hoodie, with some rosacea, and a squint.  What should he call him?  The Hoodie? Hoodie man? The man suddenly developed an interest in the written instructions posted on the wall between the loos.
John Watson curled around his tall, dangerous partner, and was thankful for the life he led.  He thought of his children, who called, or would call him “Daddy” and looked up to him.  Who came to him when they were sad, and when they wanted to share happiness.  He felt the smooth skin of his partner against his own.  Long octopus limbs that surrounded him, keeping the bad dreams away.  And he sank into sleep.
