Cas: How are you not able to speak in front of Gabe?
Castiel took a moment to observe him, assessing his delightful state. “I confess I might need to borrow a few things.”
Which he did, right after returning a warm smile at Dean.
And had one of his hands tucked under Dean's shirt.
“Fuck you.”
“Please, I just—just want to be alone.”
She put her little watering can down, turned around for the first time and took a good look at them.
The man lifted his eyebrow and shot a look at Castiel.
Like it always had been, but perhaps even better, thought Dean.
But Castiel stayed silent.
“Hmm.”
“Night, Cas.”
Dean took a moment to admire him completely naked. How strong and lean his body was. How smooth it looked, with the moonlight shining on it.
Momentarily tempted to let it go to voicemail, Dean concluded that if he didn’t answer the phone, sooner or later, Sam would get really worried.
But as his eyes lingered on the shape and curves of Dean’s butt, his strong shoulders and legs, his mind wandered to thoughts other than Marty McFly rather quickly.
Dean, having no fucking clue what the hell was going on, stared at the scene in awe and terror.
“Oh. Hello, Donna.”
Dean: I didn’t get the time to tell you at lunch, but I’m still giving you and Cas a lift back home after school before I go to work.
“Are you sleeping all right?” he asked him at breakfast on Friday morning. They were both seated at the counter, eating their breakfast quietly, side by side, and trying to wake up for the day. Dean smelled his coffee, as if the mere odor of caffeine would be enough to work its magic, while Castiel was blowing on his ginger tea.
And as always, thank you to everyone reading, commenting and keeping up with this story :D You're all wonderful and I hope you continue to enjoy it!!
“I’ll help you out.”
“Finally! What took you so long? What did—”
They nodded to each other, as the silence fell once more for a few minutes.
“Yes, Mom?”
Unfortunately, something interrupted him. A loud horn was heard, making them both jump. Unfamiliar with the new alarm, Castiel questioningly frowned at Dean. Amused at his confusion, Dean explained, as loudly as he could over the horn, “Mrs. B.” and “Monster radar.”
I know this is dramatic and now I feel like I should have warned you.
“I was. Sorry.” Annoyed looks were briefly exchanged. Dean cleared his throat and moved forward to continue his path.
To the sound of the frogs singing.
“Because this is about you.”
“Cas? You hear me? Tell me where you are! Why are you laughing? Are you laughing at me?”
Perplexed, Castiel did as he was told. After reaching his side, Dean dropped two pairs of socks on the nightstand, and he handed him a beanie hat.
“Cas, be honest right now, okay? If Dean told you he felt the same, you wouldn’t run, right?”
“It’s going to be for a while.”
Unfortunately, he had been immediately stopped by his mother who had been surprised to see her son attempting to simply leave right in the middle of a large crowd and without informing her.
Castiel had to repress a frown, having extreme difficulty believing this considering Dean’s physical attributes, as well as his character in general. He wanted to question him about it, but decided it might be too personal for now. In any case, it wasn’t like any of this would change their situation.
“Nope. All good. And it looks delicious.”
“Well, I—I like him too.”
Whatever he had expected, this hadn’t been it. As he was mulling it over, he agreed with Castiel that the stories shared some similarities. But the ways in which they differed were far more relevant. Troubling, if not even sickening.
said that.” And then he nonchalantly helped himself to another slice of pizza.
He wanted to be the one who Dean would wish to listen to.
And there it was again. Dean letting his walls crumble down. Exposing himself wholeheartedly.
“Awesome. Thank you. That helps a lot.”
“Dean, so glad you managed to swing by.” Gordon, harboring a smug face, left his seat when he noticed what Dean was holding.
“Bloody hell, where the fuck have you been? Why hadn’t you called me back?”
Looking up in the mirror, Dean saw Castiel standing behind him. He was wearing a plain dark suit, even his shirt. Only his tie was a bright blue which made it pop.
“Yes. Considering I only told—” but the rest of his sentence died in his throat.
He and Castiel remained in their respective spots, staring at each other for a few minutes as they processed what had just occurred.
Thus, wearing the warmest pajamas he had brought along with him,
“But I didn’t.”
It definitely didn’t help his case that they had also left a path of destruction behind them. They had stolen Henriksen’s ship. Been directly involved in a murder. Escaped the BMoL. And committed a robbery and crashed a private party. Yeah, that last one was a great offence, apparently.
The next few days that followed, right up until the day before Christmas Eve, would not have been labeled as jolly from Dean’s perspective.
As it deserved to be, of course.
“Um, Cas, I—I hope you’re not expecting me to put this car back together in five minutes because—”
“No?” said Dean, trying to hold down his grin. “And what topic of discussion did you have in mind?”
Gabe: ON IT.
Slightly worried that Dean might step on it at first, which would evidently be far more disastrous than a piece of paper, he briefly debated if he should offer it in person. But given that his efforts had been fruitless so far, he concluded that the best option remained to let Dean come to him if and when he was ready.
“I like Dean, too. And I like that he’s with us today.”
“Hey!” protested Dean.
“As we all know,” continued the ass-hat, “cryo sleep is an old practice. And a questionable one, too. But it is working. And it has been working for decades. We simply need to perfect it a little bit to raise the success rate.”
“Cas, I—” He swallowed hard. “I—I can’t believe you’re here.”
“Night, Cas.”
Feeling a pang in his chest at Dean’s words, Castiel let out a fake and awkward laugh.
But the questions kept piling up, leaving him no opportunity to ask questions of his own to Gabriel.
And then, finally understanding, Castiel shut his eyes, as he felt like the biggest idiot who ever walked the earth.
It took Sam a moment to gather his thoughts when he opened his eyes the next morning. His mind was still in a haze.
And even though this was no surprise to Dean, he still felt a pang in his chest at hearing Jack say it out loud and regretted that the topic had been broached all together. Saying he felt sorry sounded like an understatement.
“Not all of them though,” sighed Dean. “Some of them won’t want to budge.”
“I’m not meeting anyone. There’s a twenty-four hour gym not even two blocks from the bookstore, and a yoga center where I’ve been taking a class since the new year, actually.”
“Because you didn’t want to?”
“I understand. Oh, but before you do, I still need to warn you about the spell. It—it’s difficult to explain, especially to those who do not practice magic—”
He heard Castiel let out a long sigh at the other end of his phone.
As a precaution, a couple of days after the heavy snowfall, Dean had taken a mild detour during his morning rounds to check his snares, and had climbed down to the only spot on the mountain that offered a view of the village down below.
“So, who is manning the
“—I know you won’t do that.”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but he judged that telling Dean a snarky remark would probably be in poor taste in that moment, so he simply nodded at him.
His eyes shifted on Dean who was giving him the thumbs up.
The only thing present was a cryo pod glowing a greenish color with a tiny circular window on top of it.
“How? You were at the diner for twenty minutes. What could you possibly have done?” asked Sam, taking a sip of his coffee.
For now.
“Come on.”
“But I’m worried! You’re exhausted. All you do is work. Save from yesterday, when was the last time you did something that didn’t involve work? Watched a movie? Took a drive just for the hell of it?”
Two, I’m really sad I didn’t get to see Lucifer’s face at that realization, because I have no doubt it was priceless.
“You watch the show too?”
“Then you know what is awaiting you when I return you to that dirty alley.”
“Do you think he’s telling the truth?” he said in a low voice.
“Everything.”
“It wasn’t my intention to—”
Of course.
Castiel wondered how he would be able to fall asleep after the night he had when sleep had already been such an issue for him all week long.
Dean leaned back on his seat and was looking straight at him. As though he was waiting for him to say something.
“What’s wrong with him?” asked Sam. “Why won’t he wake up?”
Dean swallowed. “Yes.”
“That was a long—and some would even say slightly
“It’s all there. I know your weird tastes, Cas. That’s the one,” he said, tapping on the first box. “The other pizza is not for you. It’s your roommate’s.”
They pursued the rest of the afternoon in that fashion, laughing over coffee as Castiel was beating Dean at nearly every game, until they finally realized it was almost seven and they ought to eat something other than pistachios and crackers.
“You kept your job, so I’m assuming you didn’t get in trouble?”
I know, until just recently, we haven’t had time to officially catch up, but I kept my eye on you. I did. Because I’ve always considered you like family.
Gabriel: And I STILL need to see a picture.
“I looked it up.”
Dean bit on his bottom lip.
Dean froze.
The second he let go of him, thinking he had done a good job to not have woken him, he heard Gabriel let out a faint whine.
“I—Cas, you don’t—”
Dean felt his stomach drop. “But you—what do you mean? I just wanted to thank you—”
“I don’t mind, Cas. I mean, I’m pretty sure it will be obvious, but we can just say we’re friends if that’s—”
A fact that was somewhat alarming to Dean. This was the opposite of how he wished things between them to progress.
And the moment Castiel realized what Dean was doing, to Castiel’s own surprise, he found himself taking a step back away from Dean.
“What do you get out of this?”
Dean nodded, holding down a grin.
Which I am grateful for.
“Please, do it.”
I know where you could find out.”
“Can I still go, Dad?”
After a few hours, however, Castiel started to feel the cold air get to him, despite being settled right next to the fireplace. His nose was frozen and so were his hands for holding the book. And with Dean shifting in his seat, pulling on his blankets, and his toes digging deeper into Castiel’s seat, he knew he wasn't the only one struggling with the cold.
No Castiel.
to the place,” Dean snorted. “Granddad, for very obvious reasons, couldn’t bring himself to tear down the place, so he renovated his and my parent’s house. Only necessary stuff for good measure—insulation and plumbing kind of things—and decided to build himself an entire new residence a little farther away.”
, yes.”
After a short hesitation on Dean’s part, he followed Castiel. They shut off the bathroom light, slid under the covers next to each other, and lay on their sides. Their foreheads were resting against one another, and Dean was holding Castiel’s hand against his chest.
“Every item that was on your list is in here, and we even got you another bag of coffee beans because you said you could do with half the sugar.”
But Dean wasn’t gazing at the sunset. His eyes were scanning every inch of Castiel’s face.
Gabe: DID HE GUESS TOO?
Feeling his brain turn to mush due to exhaustion, Dean said, “I really don’t understand what you’re saying.”
“If that’s what it takes,” said Castiel, and he swung the sheets off of him, letting Dean see for himself, and rested his hands behind his head, as if he was lying in a hammock.
“And what?”
Still somewhat worried about potential trouble, however, he focused on his one glimmer of hope, which was that he would see Castiel later in the evening, even if it wouldn’t be in the context he would have preferred.
The day before, while Dean had been busy communicating his messages to his friends, Castiel and I had had ourselves a little chat during the house tour. He had suggested that I should use one asset that he was well aware that I possessed. An asset that, in his current condition, was temporarily unavailable for him to use. And while I had a lot of questions for him about that, I had said, “Castiel, I will help you, but don’t make me do this. No one does this anymore. And you know why. We don’t want people talking again. We want them to forget about that. To forget about us.”
“I’ll get them!” replied Jack with high enthusiasm as he dashed towards the stairs. “Come help me, Whiskey!”
“I’m not taking it. I can’t take it. I actually had a good time. And like I said, I offered. It was my pleasure. Now put your wallet away before I start feeling bad.”
Cas: STOP.
,” Castiel corrected him gently. “And yes. You can pick. Or we could also go to a drive-thru, or get takeout and bring it back here. We can even stay in our pajamas that way.”
“He’s shy,” Castiel explained.
“I still don’t get how they managed to disappear so quickly,” said Rufus, “but there is no way they could have headed towards any other building without us noticing. Everyone had their own spot assigned, and some of us were scouring the grounds. They left through the woods, which is…um…”
“I’m not! I mean, I am. Sort of. But not—I’m not saying this just because of what you said. I really do like you. I have for a really long time.” Still holding his hand, he repositioned himself to have a better look at Castiel. “You think what you said is awkward? Cas, I’m pretty sure I’ve liked you since the day we met. And yes, I realize how stupid this sounds, but here we are. I—I almost didn’t accept you being my roommate because of that. I knew I’d fuck it up somehow. That I’d try to—and I really needed to find someone. My previous roommates had been…troublesome, to say the least. You didn’t seem to be the type to just vanish overnight, or a freeloader or—trust me, you were one in a million. But I knew that for this to work I had to keep myself in check and not complicate everything, like I always do. So, I wasn’t sure what to do when you said you liked the place.”
the night really ended? No goodnight kiss? Or overnight invitations? Or anything else?”
As if Dean had been reading his mind, he cleared his throat once more, and continued speaking. “I know this is totally insane. And honestly, if the situation would be different, I—I would not have—but like I said, it’s complicated.”
“Not with my roommate…who is also your co-worker. Right. I see your point.”
“This one is a request for a six months unpaid sabbatical. The length is unusual, but so is the reason behind it. Considering that it would be unpaid, with the exception of temporarily losing a devoted employee, who has every intention of coming back, I don’t think you’re losing much.”
It became clear that it would.
A hand gently shook him on his shoulder.
Silence.
Lisa’s friends were all very kind and welcoming the moment Dean sat down at their table. They immediately asked many questions, but they weren’t grilling Dean. They were very accepting of him.
“I understand the concept of alternate universes. Different events and choices create different paths and individuals,” he continued. “But I—I don’t—I can’t imagine a scenario that could result with you three being like this.”
Half-horrified and half-mesmerized by the scene unfolding before him, Dean couldn’t do anything but stare.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” said Castiel, confused. “The only side effects from being under cryo sleep I’ve heard of are brain damage and death. Anything else beyond that is temporary.”
“Cas, come on,” groaned Dean.
“But I have to say, your lips are quite something, too. They seem chapped, but the more I looked at them, the more I feel the need to verify if that’s true or not. I don’t think they are. I bet they’re real soft. Like some other parts of you.”
He let the first boot drop to the floor, but once he held the second one, he paused a moment.
“Not all day. And you really wanna discuss this now?” And Sam embraced Gabriel, and once he was sure his grip was firm enough, in one swift move, he lifted Gabriel, who wrapped his legs around him.
“I do okay.”
“And did you get it? What is it? How many hours is it going to be?”
“We won’t be mad if you don’t want to do it, Jack,” added Sam in a kind tone.
Sam swallowed.
“Exactly what you said,” said Castiel. “Which is to meet Lisa and go on your date.”
“Hi,” said Sam, curious to know who Dean’s mysterious visitor was.
“Part ranch and part vineyard, I heard,” said Castiel.
No Castiel on the porch.
After taking a seat, Castiel observed Dean gathering the ingredients and the rest of the tools he needed, and said, “I’m sorry.”
“Fine, what about the timeline, then? We can only speculate, but we all saw that was the First Blade. Meaning the mark. I didn’t see it, but—”
A sight that brought a smile to Dean’s face.
Gabriel nodded, pondering on the matter. Castiel could have sworn there had been a hint of disappointment in his eyes. Gabriel stayed quiet for a brief moment, and then asked, “
Considering how torturous those ten days had been for Castiel, no matter how impractical and insane, he had accepted Michael’s proposal.
“We really need to get off the street,” Castiel told him. “
“What? Nothing.” He paused for a minute, during which Sam purposely remained silent, knowing Dean would most likely finally blurt out his problem, and sure enough, not long after, Dean said, “Are you sure we’re not making a mistake about tomorrow?”
“And it didn’t help the matter when Henriksen and his men showed up into the mix.”
Sam’s mouth formed an “O” as though he had understood something. Dean returned his attention to Castiel. “I’ve been a lousy brother and apparently forgot to return my calls, so Sam decided it was time to tell me so,” he joked.
Everyone else around the room and at their table appeared to have returned to their original state. Castiel was wearing his iconic trench coat. Gabriel was dressed as a janitor again. The fans and hotel staff were fully clothed as they had been, and so were Becky and Chuck.
And his neck.
Sam: One, how’s everything at your house?
“I’ll notify Bela. Have fun.”
After a smooth slick of the tongue, Castiel moved his mouth on Dean’s jawline, causing Dean to let out a soft moan.
Dean remained quiet.
Castiel nodded.
Thank you for reading!! I was glad to see that the last chapter made a lot of people happy haha ;)
Dean nodded as he processed what Castiel had just told him. “Okay, that makes sense, I guess. It kinda sucks, but it makes sense. It’s certainly better than what I thought anyway.”
“How would she have helped us, Dean? You never really explained that part. Oracles can be helpful, but it’s been my experience that where premonitions are concerned, it only makes sense after it has come to pass. Even if she had given us shelter, we both know that wouldn’t have lasted forever. Henriksen and the rest of the galaxy are looking for us,” said Castiel, subtly nodding to their own mug shots projected on the walls. “How are we supposed to fight this?”
Castiel had wanted to talk back, but he had caught himself just in time.
“And how would you do it?” he asked, after finally returning his gaze on him.
“He’s right, Cas. That is so not on you.”
“Yup. You?”
Whimpering, Dean opened his eyes and looked straight at him.
Balthazar: Cassie, get off your couch. Get out that door. And don’t come back until you found a nice someone to share your evening with.
That was when Dean noticed, with lingering eyes, Castiel’s tattoos on his torso. A detail he didn’t remember from before.
Dean frowned.
“Did you find the place, okay?” asked Zachariah.
“Shut up, I don’t,” said Dean, almost grumpily, lying on his stomach.
Taking note of the shape of his lips, the freckles on his nose and cheeks, and the different shades of green of his eyes, as though it was the first time he ever lay eyes on him, Castiel wondered if he would ever grow tired of looking at Dean.
And with Castiel lying on top of him, gluing his warm naked body to him, suddenly his pants being stuck at his ankles became utterly unimportant to Dean.
It wasn’t until very late in the night, when the grim daylight had already vanished, that Castiel abruptly stood up from his chair and kept still.
This, along with his dreams, which were still increasing in number and intensity, and Christmas, were all clear indicators that abstinence was getting to his brain.
But the outcome of his words wasn’t the one Dean had hoped for.
And finally, under Dean’s watchful gaze, Castiel caved in.
“Yeah.”
“Don’t.”
“But I forgot to ask him,” added Castiel.
“Now that I know who your friend is, I promise we’ll say hello later,” she had said to him, smiling.
Alas, it had become very clear to both of them, that neither Castiel nor Dean were anywhere to be seen. No one had seen them. No one had heard of them. No’s and head shaking. Shoulder shrugs and incoherent laughter. Those were the answers they had been given.
About fucking time, I am right?
And homey.
Shaking his head, fighting back the tears, Dean let out a deep sob. He shut his eyes tightly, and took a moment to regain composure. He focused on his breathing, inhaling the cold air. He rested one hand on his chest, and continued breathing deeply, clearing his mind as best he could.
Castiel lifted one eyebrow. “You saw me at the pool.”
“Did you see my text?” asked Dean, trying to hold down his frustration.
Castiel locked eyes with him. This was first time since the night before that Dean sounded like his usual self.
“Shouldn’t be too long. We’re just waiting on a few things, including the doctor to give the official okay. Since you’re here though, if you want, I can get the information I was talking about and go over it with you while we wait for the doctor to arrive? That way you’ll know what to expect as well and how to help him at home.”
Sam and Dean took a step back from the entryway as last-minute attendees rushed by them, only to completely move out of the way when hotel employees brought in additional chairs.
“I’m to play messenger and give you this.”
“I need assistance. And it’s the kind that is complicated. Therefore, not everyone would want to apply for the job.”
“Well, I have bad news for you, Dean. If that’s how you see it, then me helping you out with Henriksen was for a debt I owed you from way before. Which means that this, what you just did, was unnecessary.”
Castiel, still kissing the woman’s shoulder and running his hands on her back gently, smirked at Dean’s reaction.
But with the stress of the deadline, and everything coming along with it, Castiel and Dean decided to leave everything about their relationship on the back burner until that part was behind them. They did not want to have distractions or additional anxiety over it.
“Nothing much. I just said hello, like you said.”
Castiel swore under his breath. Before he could ask additional questions, the door’s bell rang once more, with three ladies stepping inside, shaking off the snow from their coats.
But first, he had to make sure that both the SUV and the police car would pass them.
“I can’t do that. It’s your car.”
“Jack?”
Castiel, with his eyes still on Dean, said, “Did we?”
“Cas?” repeated Gabriel, walking into the room, only to suddenly pause, noticing which room they were all standing in. “Why are we in Luce’s room?”
“Well, you were unimpressed at my compliment then.”
“I—I don’t know anything about that,” said Dean.
John nodded with a kind smile. “That’s right. So, we’ll stop there after.”
He needed an answer.
“So I have your confirmation, then? I know how Cas feels and I always suspected it was the same with Dean.”
Nobody except Dean.
“Other than just ‘our rule’?”
“What I'm given to understand from this is that home is still not an option yet,” said Castiel finally.
“You mean which part you’ll lie about?”
Shilly-shallying, indeed, he thought.
He remembered the overwhelming sensation he had felt when the quake had occurred. How strange the discussion had been.
But Dean wasn’t the one he called.
He simply had no clue how on earth he was supposed to do this. Sam hoped Gabriel was having better luck with Castiel.
Castiel stirred a little. He waited for Dean to elaborate on the topic, but when he remained quiet, Castiel continued, treading the matter carefully.
But with everything that happened between them, the pressure of that next step was incredibly heavy.
“Dean. What do you need help with?” she said in a very formal and cold way.
To him, anyway.
And as Dean watched Mary slowly turned herself to see what Castiel was looking at, the weight on Dean's shoulders lifted.
“At that Thai place. The one near my work. They are open super late, which is awesome. Anyway, I thought I needed a break so I went for food. I didn’t want the delivery guy to judge me because I was ordering in
“What do you mean? You were almost there. If you had told him clearly why you wanted to see him there instead of simply insinuating it, then—”
“Um,” Dean cleared his throat. “Maybe…yes.”
“Yes,” he mumbled.
And they stared at each other.
Let me know when.
But the place was dark, quiet and empty.
“Why would they be nervous about a Novak being here if they are following Michael’s lead?”
Biting his lips, Dean looked in front of him, trying not to dwell too much on the matter and enjoy their quiet moment instead.
Gabriel took a deep breath and typed something quick on his phone. “Okay, so, um, I understand nothing,” he said, after returning his attention to his brother, “but good news? Pretty sure I have here the proof that Dean Winchester loves you. Bad news is that he thinks you don’t.”
“Nope. That’s really her. I checked and our initials are still there.”
Dean took a deep breath, when he had to stop at a red light.
“I don’t want to scare you, but that will only make Gabe inquire even more.”
generous hospitality.”
Dean brought his hand to his mouth and kissed it softly.
“Ask them if they want anything,” said Dean, pointing at the counter.
Castiel attempted, by leaning on one arm, to reach for Dean’s cock too, but with his arms already shaking at the sensation of what Dean was doing to him, he knew he would simply collapse on him.
As he debated on how to proceed, Dean took another glimpse at his passenger through the mirror and found him staring back at him, once more.
He hovered over him, staring at him for a moment, and leaned in.
Once everything was set up on the grill, Castiel handed him a cold beer and they sat on the lounge chairs for a moment. Being granted a minute to relax, Dean was now eager to ask a few questions.
“I’m sorry,” said Jessica. “I’m nosy. I just wanted to make sure you guys are okay. This situation is…uncommon, but you look like you get along. So I’m really glad.”
“Yeah.”
Gabriel observed his brother for an instant. “I like that you look out for him.”
Dean tried the most he could to not show any indication that her last comment about Castiel puzzled him. He kept a straight face and fought his urge to glance at Castiel.
“Coffee is good,” he said, taking a seat at the table.
“Yes, that one. The window in that bathroom doesn’t lock properly. Never has. And, um, sometimes, I more or less sneak in and out of the house through that window without any of them noticing.”
“Stop calling him that,” said Castiel, aggravated.
Sam let out a little laugh and said, “I believe you, but I might rethink the location. Don’t think that’s gonna slow him down.”
“You do?”
During business hours. In the shower. Waking up in the morning.
It almost looked like Henry’s old cabin.
Dean observed him for a moment and nodded. They went back to their breakfast and soon they left the house for work.
Castiel snorted and smiled.
Stunned, Dean nodded. “You ever been?”
“Anything good?”
sharing
“You could become more serious,” Dean suggested.
They locked eyes for a second. Gabriel reached for Sam’s hand and brushed it with his thumb.
it. Once that was made clear to you, I thought—” Castiel bit lips and diverted his gaze.
Of his swollen lips.
“What I mean is…why me? Driving a car…a lot of people can do that.”
Unusually so, Sam’s letter offered little comfort, except for the part where he expressed, like in his previous letter, his desire to eventually come visit Dean.
Castiel gripped the base of his shaft, and after a moment, when Dean stopped moving, Castiel freed his mouth.
“You have to. You’ll feel better.”
“You think it’s going to be really awful?” asked Dean, desperate to sound apologetic.
“Dean, I’m—I’m so sorry—”
And soon, Castiel felt Dean’s hand move up to the back of his neck. When fingers fondling his hair in the most soothing, adoring way, Castiel felt tingles on his lower back, and tightened his embrace of Dean.
He scanned the place quickly for Sam and Jessica, but it seemed that they had not yet arrived.
“And everyone knows,” continued Kipling, “how infatuated the poor guy is with her. For months now, the look on his face every time she shows up, it’s almost sad. But hey, it looks like luck finally turned in his favor, considering how pretty cozy they seemed to be together when I left. And that was a couple of hours ago. When the place was still busy.”
Castiel had knocked on his door. He had called his name through the door. Called him on his phone, even. Texted him.
“Why? Is something wrong?” he asked, confused.
With Dean breathing heavily against him.
Sam’s jaw dropped. “What? That’s—wait, you’re not—you’re not actually thinking of going…right?”
Which wasn’t a crime, Dean argued.
“Hmm?”
But he let Dean finish.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Shit.”
He went to speak with Gabriel.
The rest of the walk was short, but pleasant. Dean told Castiel which episode he had left off, wanting to help Castiel situate himself in the storyline, and began rambling about the show with intensity, which Castiel thought was rather a funny spectacle to witness.
Scoffing at him as though it was the most obvious thing in the world, he replied, “We’d like you to join us, of course.”
Bobby slowly wheeled himself closer to the table, as Jo followed him, and Rufus and Ellen scanned the place with hands on their hips, ready to reach for their weapons at the first sign of a potential threat.
“Surely there are other things you could do in the meantime, no?”
And then winked at him.
“No, not him. We can’t,” said Dean, shaking his head.
Curious to witness Castiel’s night routine, Dean accepted to stop at the coffee shop across the street from the bookstore, the one where Castiel often brought back a cup of herbal tea, especially in winter, to warm himself up before returning home.
Castiel took a deep breath.
“Really? The Winchesters’ Ranch in Montana?”
Castiel nodded, smiling. “So, if you weren’t married right now,” to which Dean lifted an eyebrow, “who would have been the lucky one to dance with you tonight?”
And even late at night, when the sun was down and the air had cooled off a little, so it was bearable to stand by the stove and cook himself a quick late meal.
And Dean was not going to waste it.
But the blankets were tucked away. Trinkets and journals where they belonged. Even the silver blade was on the mantle of the fireplace.
And this is why I included Castiel Novak in my will.
The last six months.
A nice little bakery, with large windows and a sign displaying wings embraced by a golden halo.
“No. Though I should have, considering. But no, I was fired.”
Dean took in everything Castiel had just told him.
Irritated, Castiel let out a grunt of exasperation and sat on his couch. He scowled at Balthazar for a few seconds, and after a loud sigh, he went to his bathroom.
“If you took one look at yourself in a mirror, you wouldn’t bloody think that,” he argued. With Castiel apparently determined to remain silent, he continued speaking. “Look mate, you have two choices. You go back and fix things with him—”
“Yes.”
The bright light of the lobby felt harsh to his eyes, which he thought was a big indication of his state. He wasn’t exactly drunk, far from it, actually, but he wasn’t sober either.
And the longer he waited, the worse it would get.
Dean who longingly stared at him.
“If anything,” she continued, “you’d be the one to be the hostage.” She studied him for a moment, in a very dramatic way, probably hoping Dean would elaborate, but he kept his mouth shut. “But that doesn’t seem to be the case either,” she finally added. “If it was a rescue, then I really don’t understand why you both would have lingered behind. So, as we were saying, this leaves us with you two in cahoots for this job. We’re just not exactly sure why.”
Which intrigued Dean immensely.
shocked
“No. You always smell something else after it. Not like when you shower. I—only notice because you usually take those in the evening when—”
“Go away.”
But this? Being a driver to a mysterious passenger—at night—with three times the pay?
Which partially complicated the situation, thought Castiel. Facing an angry Dean would have been much easier than facing a genuinely
“Boyfriend?”
“Yeah. I mean, I’m okay with this. It is what I wanted.”
Standing still and holding his breath, Castiel observed him for a moment. He looked so peaceful and beautiful, that Castiel almost reconsidered leaving the room.
“Well, good job because this is awesome,” said Dean, beaming at him.
“Goodness, how am I so lucky to have woken up next to an individual with stunning blue eyes, a hot and muscular body, and skin so soft that it makes me want to lick it?”
“I know,” he said, cutting him off. “But I invited you at the beginning of the week, remember?”
He didn’t know what was happening next door, but he could hear Castiel and Daphne’s voices.
He didn’t even know what kind of stupidity the day would bring him yet—and it would be ludicrously stupid at that—but right there, he was already pretty fucking mad.
“I don’t think I should,” he said, finally lifting his head. “I don’t think I would be able to.”
No John pacing on the porch and waiting for an explanation as to why Dean wasn’t back home yet. Or why he hadn’t been with Castiel and Sam.
Castiel gave him a short nod, as though he was remembering something. “I’m really glad you and your brother were spared. Were you raised by your grandfather, afterwards?”
The first thing that popped into his head when he was slowly waking up was how fuzzy and mellow he felt. And warm.
“Um, apparently I’m hungry, too.”
“No.”
“How did you get in? You didn’t have my keys this time.”
“Will do. Stop worrying,” he said to himself as much as Gabriel.
“But that means you did mention that you have a problem with me,” he pointed out.
Gabriel turned to the others and took a deep breath. “Okay. Get out,” he said.
“And as for your so-called bad history, Dean, you—”
“Cas, you—if you want to stay—you don’t have to leave on my account.”
“Uh-huh. Thought so.”
One less thing to worry about.
“I’m sorry about that, Dean,” urged Castiel.
Castiel nodded. “Every two hours. And I don’t have to wake him, but make sure he’s okay.”
So, certain that the guy was truly unconscious, Dean picked up the crowbar, and was ready to retrieve his passenger.
Dean observed him as if it was a trick question. Castiel reflected on the matter for an instant. He took his hand and asked him, quite seriously, “Do you regret our night at the hotel?”
Once he was satisfied that nothing looked out of the ordinary, he stepped out of the vehicle. He hurried to Castiel’s door, opened it wide and squatted by his side, in the hope to do a quick assessment of Castiel’s physical condition, fretting that perhaps he had missed something.
But he froze when he noticed the “No service” at the corner of the screen of his phone.
Castiel opened his mouth. “Right.”
Although they weren’t technically spending their time together, Castiel still enjoyed that Dean was present at home and with him, instead of shut off in his office.
“I slept this whole time? What—you slept too? And who the hell is banging at the door at this hour?”
Nearly blushing, Dean was overwhelmed by their kind welcome. “Gosh, having known, I would have done something about it much earlier than that.”
Castiel chuckled. “You’re as bad as Jack.”
“That bad, huh?” He crossed his arms on his chest. “What was the legal question you needed to ask Sam?”
Dean exhaled, and for cautionary measures, he then locked the door and slowly returned next to Castiel, who was still exactly where he had left him.
“It might have been quite the opposite. Like a very private evening. No more than two.”
“The six months deadline has now officially passed. I am no longer required to stay.” His eyes were glued to the ground and he could not believe he was actually saying these words out loud. “And if I leave, it seems that it would be most beneficial for the ranch. Which was the purpose of our agreement. To help you with the ranch.”
“Okay. Now, just changing your socks is a huge help, but it will probably take a while. I swear, I’m not trying to pull anything. But body warmth is the best. So, if you let me, I’ll warm up your feet.”
Castiel was busy admiring the tree when he caught Dean examining a fake mistletoe ornament for a moment. He then hurriedly hid it in an old personalized Christmas stocking, before dropping it into the box.
“I’m sorry, Cas. That’s just—I’m sorry it turned out that way.”
And Castiel and Dean didn’t exactly have many options at their disposal.
And Castiel decided that the time when Dean would simply leave him vague post-it was far better than incredibly late texts on a night out.
And the next thing he knew, Castiel mimicked the man’s actions on the woman on his lap. She twisted her hips against him, pulled on his hair to expose his jaw, and got busy with her tongue.
For the first time since he had set foot in his room, Dean avoided Castiel’s eyes.
Sam cleared his throat. He dressed himself quickly, despite still feeling shaky. As he was putting on his shirt, his eyes fell on the nightstand to the right. The side where Sam had been sleeping. There was a large glass of water and his phone.
“This Asomo-douche better be worth it.”
Dean stayed put, not diverting his gaze from Castiel.
While this plan had appeared to be fail-proof on paper, following through with it had been an entire other story. The moment he had decided to avoid Castiel, the more he missed him.
“Look, you’re right,” said Sam, after taking a bite of his eggs. “In the long run, pretending is just going to get us in trouble. But I know we’re onto something here. I don’t know what to do about Gabriel, but I know what to do about Dean. I still can’t get over that he’s freaking out because of one private conversation. That’s all it took, Cas. So maybe that’s all we need. We just spend time together. I won’t lie about what we do or don’t do together. But I will make a point that it is none of his business if he asks questions and he will ask questions. Just like yesterday. That way, we aren’t dating or fake dating, it might just seem like something is potentially brewing…but nothing is actually happening. And no lies.”
“I can’t. I can’t tell you.”
Understanding what Dean was trying to accomplish, Castiel put himself on all fours, and then, with Dean’s guiding hands, he lifted a leg and arm, letting Dean slide underneath him.
“Hmm. How about I get the ice and come back here right away?”
Castiel let out a laugh.
As Gabriel put the blade away, Sam said, “So, I guess that means, we don’t have to meet Crowley.”
“Which one do you prefer the most?” he asked Dean.
“Right,” said Dean. “Okay, well, Castiel, um—”
“Since you took the Oath, your presence has been very… striking. You are much more nurturing than I thought you’d be.” His eyes fell on the shelf, where most of the journals had fallen off. “And I thought that, after all this time, a chat wouldn’t be the worst idea.”
book series. Why wouldn’t he be here?” asked Sam.
“Why not? I like it.”
“I agree. I wasn’t thrilled and I—I was pretty sure there was some truth in there, but, like you said, I tried to not panic. Before Kip arrived, I was contemplating stopping by the firm to see Sam. After, I decided that perhaps that was not the best idea. The last thing I wanted to do was show up there like a jealous—I just decided to wait, get Sam’s story in the morning, while I...”
“Can it be both?”
“It’s dry cleaning. It’s my grandfather’s business.”
Something Dean had never seen him do before.
Dean swallowed. “Fine, keep the damn armor on. But maybe put a shirt over it, too.”
By the end of the third episode, they took a mini-break and Castiel offered to make coffee for the both of them. Since he was in the kitchen while the coffee was still brewing, he decided to grab a few snacks for them.
She nodded and lowered her eyes.
“And what the hell does that mean?”
“I did. Very much. You?”
“I heard you too. I know you’ve been having sex dreams. You never said anybody’s name. So, I—I don’t—but you, moaning next to me—it was the sweetest torture. I listened. Every time I caught you. I couldn’t help it. I didn’t want to wake you…but I had to leave a few times when it was too much. Fuck, Cas. Seeing you, aching for it…”
“I tried to.” He winked at him and stepped outside.
“It seems everyone is dead set on finding you both, and whoever gets to you first, looks like they get to keep you. Which is why,” she said, adopting a very serious tone, “I would suggest for you, Dean, to head straight home for your safety, but—”
And then, nothing.
He felt his stomach drop.
“He’s already in it, you moron.
The body quivered in response to Dean’s compelling invitation.
“I don’t think right now is the appropriate time for this.”
Christmas? I mean, I’m not even doing that and all I do is work.”
And before he knew what he was doing, Sam said, “No.”
“I just really need to head back.”
Dean glanced around the house. “There’s, like, nobody around.”
Nevertheless, Castiel was still impressed with his selection and after hearing Dean’s selling speech about them, he would gladly go to any of these places. They all seemed interesting and beautiful. And he certainly had never been before, so he was eager to go.
“He just mentioned this to you out of nowhere?”
“Dean.”
“It’s simply very peculiar. Dean, what is the point of this activity?”
He then felt Castiel pull him to his right, gently making them leave their spot.
“What’s up with you?” blurted out Samuel.
you? That’s a bit much.”
But none of this had anything to with Dean, or the Winchesters, or even the ranch. And in that moment, Castiel decided that perhaps his six months stay at the ranch would be able to rectify this once and for all.
And it hadn’t been without Sam’s notice, to Dean’s mild annoyance, as he wasted no time smirking at Dean every time he caught him staring at Castiel with a dumb smile on his face.
“Sorry. You snooze, you lose.”
“Tell him,” said Sam, simply. “Tell him how you feel. I’ll help you if you want. It is why I suggested this plan in the first place: because I wanted to help you see that Dean feels the same. And I truly believe he does. But I know you’re worried about his reaction and I get it. Trust me, even if it seems very obvious from my point of view, I understand why you might be worried. That’s why I thought this whole thing would make you see it. And then maybe you wouldn’t be so worried about it.”
“What happened?”
“Nice try.”
“Have you—have you done this before?”
They had and so had his grandfather. Henry had had quite a knack for storytelling, Dean had thought. Especially about one type of story.
He remained grounded on his spot, making sure to not cross the devil’s trap, but frenzy and worry was boiling from within.
Gabriel: Hmmm.
Mary sighed and turned to Sam. “What about you, Sam? Care to tell us when you both left?”
Until his worry became reality.
“Yes, I’ve noticed,” said Chuck, clearing his throat.
“All this footage was taken over a decade ago,” announced Roman. Enthusiasm filled the room. “And that was simply a child fighting for a bowl of soup. We eventually figured out one correlation. Trauma. If someone had endured trauma, the bigger it was the better, they can become susceptible. It is not true of all trauma victims. But everyone who is susceptible to those side effects is a trauma victim. Most of them are practical, but tame.”
Even though he could not see him, he was positive Dean was standing at the foot of the bed.
“You didn’t ask. I offered.”
And knowing it was probably a bad idea, he asked him, “What was that?”
“You boys gotta unplug once in a while.”
“It’s not necessary,” he told him. “I’m—it’s fine. I don’t think I should.”
didn’t care.
Not even bothering to reach out to his siblings, as the concept alone sounded like pure folly to him, Castiel immediately contacted a few of his friends to see who could be available to pay him a visit. He sent out messages to a bunch of people, mostly living in the city, and was eager to hear back how everyone else was doing.
“I just…I’ll be fine.”
Dean’s breathing became heavier at the sight of him. He held his breath a moment, and then slowly inserted another finger.
It was Castiel’s turn to carefully observe his friend’s face for a moment. Then, he lifted his hand to reach Dean’s arm, but stopped mid-way and crossed it over his chest. He looked down briefly, and then lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s. “In that case, apology accepted, Dean.”
“You mean someone just stabbed me with a syringe or something in the middle of the street?”
on the matter directly with me.”
One Dean was holding a blade against the other’s chest, ready to stab him.
for God’s sake. Like it was some dumbass excuse I came up with once I heard it was a family gathering.”
And by the way Castiel was scanning his face, Dean had the impression that he had failed in this task.
“You drove all the way here?”
“His track record?” asked Dean.
He hated both options.
With their newfound semi-privacy, Dean and Castiel didn’t waste any time. Glued to him, Dean was unable to slow down. He sucked on Castiel’s bottom lip and had both arms wrapped around him, as though he wanted to make sure he wouldn’t slip away from him again.
Gabe: And make up some more?
day?”
Nevertheless, as he had agreed to do so, he carefully read all of them to see if anything would stand out, and forwarded every antagonistic message (anonymous or not) to Jody.
Castiel squinted at him. “I guess I’ll ask Jessica, then.”
too:) Thank you!! Have a nice day!!
At the doorway, he glanced at him, and convinced Dean was sleeping fondly and that he was better where he was, he delicately shut the door behind him, telling himself to leave a note in the kitchen about the food before leaving.
“Then it should definitely be one. What else do you have for dumbass arguments?”
Leaving Dean without a chance to say hello, once more.
Dean, momentarily no longer hiding his face, looked at his father, partially confused and almost frightened, only to disappear behind his hands again.
Castiel swallowed. “I meant, I don’t think that’s a thing I’d be interested in.”
Feeling his throat tighten, Castiel nodded silently.
“They what?” Dean stared at his mother like she had said something incredibly blasphemous and then turned to his father for validation of his outrage.
Laughing, Dean hung up. He checked the time and realized he would have to leave within five minutes or he would get into trouble. He grabbed his cold toast, gulped down his coffee as fast as he could, which prompted him to make a face of disgust once he had done so, and seized his jacket and keys before rushing out of the door.
“I can’t decide if that’s really impressive or just sad,” said Castiel to himself, sighing.
“However long you want.”
“I mean Jody’s manpower. Sheriff Mills’ manpower. Officers. Come on, now. I—you know I’m not like that.”
So, no, picking ruins as a rendezvous spot wouldn’t have been Sam’s first choice if he had meant to inspire trust. But he reasoned that the questionable location was simply due to their last-minute arrangement rather than Patrick’s intentions.
He knew it might be awkward. He knew it would be difficult. But he would do it.
“Yes, them,” he said chipperly.
Staring at Castiel straight in the eyes, Dean took one step and said, “You’re right. It isn’t. None of this is fair and I do get everything I want. But none of it is
“You’re not wearing your swimsuit. Don’t feel like taking a swim?”
“Dean, wait.”
And Dean immediately opened his mouth, desperate for more.
“Yeah…” said Sam, now slightly confused. “I—like I said in my message, I gathered that you did when you—”
Lisa was staring at him, stunned.
For a brief moment, though he wouldn’t know it, Dean had almost succeeded. Up until he mentioned ‘destiny,’ he had almost convinced Gabriel.
“Cas.”
Silence.
“He’ll be okay,” said Dean. “I bet Jack will be so busy with everyone there, he won’t even think of Belphegor.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Just walking quietly next to Dean—just knowing he was right next to him—was enough. Nothing else mattered.
Dean took a step forward.
“Like how then?”
“I missed you, too. But Dean,” he said in a lament. His hand rested on his cheek. “You promised. You said you would walk away should the opportunity come your way. I hoped that you’d be out of here by now. I made sure no one would bother you. And I even returned the car to you so you—”
“Oh. Dear. God.”
It was already rather depressing to spend the rest of their day moping around in an airport, but doing so on that
“And I imagine you need an answer now,” said Dean.
“I’m sorry I disappointed you,” he repeated. “Not that it is an excuse, but that wasn’t my intention. Helping Kelly and Jack, I promise that wasn’t me abandoning you and Sam.”
“What the hell was that?” asked Dean.
“Are you serious?”
“You were keeping tabs?”
He kissed him with a slippery tongue. Dean was panting heavily, caressing Castiel’s shoulders.
“How? What’s the point of having this info if I can’t use it?”
Freeing himself from under Gordon’s thumb was complicated enough.
Because Dean had built his choices on the hotels that most appealed to him, Castiel suggested that they should begin with that.
Dean weighed on his words for a few moments, his heart still pounding. Finally, he drew a quick breath, and said, “But I hope that will change soon.”
But before Dean could ask about it, Castiel, perhaps sensing Dean’s worry, immediately told him the second location of the night.
They also shared stories. Even the painful ones. Dean told Castiel of his teenage mistake.
“Why do you think there is something going on, Dean?”
After a few spoonful, Dean picked up the small cup and smelled it, unsure of what it was.
“Like what?”
Unfortunately, everything Balthazar was saying was true. He had warned Castiel of this outcome, and just as predicted, here he was, in that very predicament.
“You want us to kill him, I suppose?” scowled Dean.
Ketch, however, stayed behind and stared at the pair of them.
“Right. Should have started smaller.” She quickly offered the plate to him. “Have you tried the scones? Because they are the best thing you’ll ever eat.”
have happened had he not fought down every urge to reach out for him.
“Okay, good. I’ll tell your mother. She always likes it when he’s around the house. We both do.”
“In private,” added Dean. “I mean, just—just you and me. For now.”
Convinced that it was simply a mild adjustment to deal with, Castiel did his best to power through it and keep it to himself.
“And how is it that you knew Henry, Mrs. Knight?”
Which was immensely encouraging.
And on the next morning, that fact hit him like a wave when he woke up next to Dean, with the pillow, serving as barrier between them, gone.
A warm feeling spread through Castiel’s entire body and he felt a smile growing on his face the instant he read Gabriel’s texts. The thought of Gabriel actually pondering that possibility brought him so much happiness.
Gabriel hesitated a moment and then nodded at him, letting him speak.
“What? Where?”
“I know, I’m sorry, but it will help you. A little bit more.”
“Hmmm. I’d keep it at that if I were you. Probably for the best.”
“He said that he’d be at his bakery all night.”
“Peachy, Sammy.” He opened the door of the freezer and grabbed the reusable gel pack. With difficulty, he then tried to slide it under his shirt, so it would stay in place over his shoulder.
“Hey. How are you feeling?” Dean sat at the foot of his bed, after Sam moved his feet to give him room.
“I know about Dean. Why aren’t you with him?”
And after a few calls, Castiel and Dean were happy to have found an option where all their preparation hadn’t been useless.
All three of them were shocked at his request, but Ash and Kevin didn’t mind one moment. As it happened, they were extremely happy that Castiel wanted to give them a hand.
“Of course.”
“No, don’t worry about that. All I really wanted to know was that Dean had made it home safely. Which he did and you told me.”
him to prove it?
“Cas, when I said that, I was talking to Lisa. I meant going out with her.
Still feeling sticky, however, he put the cloth away, took off his sunglasses and his soiled shirt, and said, “I think I’ll go for a quick swim. It will probably take care of the rest.”
He counted his blessing that they had ignored him so far, and with his mind out of focus and his siblings’ current occupation, he decided that it was then the perfect opportunity to hit the bathroom for his usual nighttime routine, in order to limit his chances to get sucked into the family drama later on.
Dean slowly broke the kiss and rested his forehead against his. “I missed you so much. It was like—Cas, you know I love you, right?”
still owe
Anger had gotten the best of him in that moment.
Gabriel waited for him to continue speaking, but Castiel remained quiet.
“I like bees,” he said, after nodding. “And kites are fun.”
“What? What happened?”
Sam felt Dean stirring next to him. Resisting the urge to charge in and stop them from opening that box was difficult. But before leaving the bunker, they had agreed to stick to the plan and unlike the time before.
Turning to him, he asked, “What did you tell him?”
He did, however, carefully attempt a similar topic. “And what about the others? Does Dean know?”
Castiel stared at him, as his stomach dropped.
“Yeah, nice try. I’m not letting you out of my sight.” And then, seeing Sam’s sad puppy dog eyes, he added, “I’ll be in the shop…not standing right next to you. Deal?”
Dean swallowed hard and turned himself to face Castiel.
text message from Dean.
As if he had read his mind, Dean then ran his free hand along Castiel’s back, while he pressed himself even more against him. Castiel quivered at Dean’s craving touch and moved his hips, feeling his discomfort in his pants.
“It’s
in question that is the problem. And that, well, I can’t change that. And if Dean can’t get past this, then all I’ve been doing so far was only delaying the inevitable. Which…fuck, this is so messed up.”
But Dean still checked with Castiel beforehand if he was sure of his decision. Castiel smiled and nodded firmly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I—I don’t think I should. Not right now.” He cleared his throat.
“Good. That’s good. You deserve it. I had a feeling today would be good for you.” And then he turned around and went to the back room.
“I was afraid of that,” sighed Missouri. “You boys are going to be the death of me.”
Thankfully, Sam suggested that perhaps a shower and some shut-eye would help him feel better.
convinced you?”
“Don’t worry about that.”
“He had a vague idea of where you were. But yes. He’s been keeping an eye on you.”
“What happened?”
“Can I just say," said Sam, "I’m so happy to see everyone this morning."
“Yup.”
And while Sam was still out, his friends were safe and sound, including Dean who kept rubbing his chest, apparently surprised by this fact.
Care to comment?”
“Tell you what?”
Dean let out a deep sigh of exasperation.
And soon, once they stowed the yellow bike in the trunk, Castiel and Dean headed back home. The ride had been quiet with the two of them listening to the radio.
“I’ve read somewhere that the creator of Coca-Cola had included wine in the original product and claimed that it was supposedly helpful to those with a low sexual libido.”
Lucifer nodded. “You do. You need me.”
ones?” asked Dean.
“Stop—stop!” said Jack, laughing wholeheartedly. “I don’t know.”
Determined to make him understand that it didn’t bother him, Dean took hold of his hand, and said, “Cas, listen to me, you are not a bad person—you are so not
“What do—then—then what did you want?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He used to think that what was so special about their connection was the aspect that they hadn’t been able to interact organically, which had allowed them to grow closer in ways he had never achieved before. But now, he began to wonder if he hadn’t used that side of their relationship as an excuse to compensate for everything else they were missing.
Castiel barely thrust his hips again and Dean let out a deep moan. “Fuuuuck.” And gasped for air.
Once inhaling was possible again, he reopened his eyes. It was exactly what had hit them in the street of Turbulentus. But far more effective and therefore far more painful. Tears were forming at the corners of his eyes and his breathing was erratic. And with one glance at Castiel, who was stirring, Dean understood that they wouldn’t last very long after a few of those zaps.
And yet, he didn’t really think that was the case when he considered the times when Dean’s guests had not been offered breakfast (or barely coffee). The quick goodbyes had always been awkward and Dean, though still in somewhat good humor, had not worn his usual Sunday morning grin.
“Hey,” he said, stepping in cautiously after Castiel had opened the door for him. His eyes falling on the table again, he added, “Is this still a good time?”
Glancing at each other, they both smiled awkwardly.
Castiel beamed at him. “That would be nice.”
As in exchanging words. Not—not whatever that was.
Castiel nodded and smiled at him without uttering a word.
“Yes.”
“Nothing, I did nothing,” he finally said, rolling his eyes. “Except answer a few questions Dean had about you and your whereabouts. He was concerned about your well-being.”
“That’s true. Okay, I’ll tell him.”
Gabe: Dude is creepy af
“Dean, don’t say—”
Dean was happy. He was relieved at the turn of events. It hadn’t been awkward with Sam around. Sam hadn’t been all over Castiel, or vice versa, like Dean had initially feared. It was nearly just like the good old days.
Castiel held his stare, waiting for him to elaborate. Dean lowered his eyes and stirred his spoon in his bowl.
“Nothing much, either. Hang out with my brother. Work at the fam—family business.”
Dean shook his head vehemently. “No, Cas.” He squeezed his hand and reached for his other hand. “I’m not. Not even close.”
Which meant that Dean was working for Michael.
Castiel frowned. “I’m fine, Dean. Don’t worry about me. You have enough going on,” he said, gesturing around them. “I can manage. That was nothing.”
When Dean peeked inside the box, after arriving home from a long day of work, he finally glanced in Castiel’s direction, who was observing him from the kitchen.
“She wasn’t lying. I am supposed to be in History right now and that always puts me right to sleep. So, instead of getting myself in trouble in class, I figured I’d skip the middle part for once.”
“Are you telling me that Kevin Tran, of all people, is being all lovey-dovey publically?” asked Dean, amused.
“Any time, kid,” he said, smiling. “Night.”
“Even then, Cas. Everyone here is like family. And we’re in the middle of nowhere.”
When she had let him help her out at the pool table, even though it was clear that she didn’t need any help at all.
Sam frowned. “I won’t say anything. Why though?”
A massive thank you to
After weeks of staring.
“My bed, I mean. The bottom one is a double.”
That was when Castiel finally regained his mobile functions and charged at the intruder. He grabbed Dean’s bat and hit the assailant hard on his arm and leg. The intruder, clearly wounded this time, still managed to get hold of the bat. Both wrestling for it, Castiel surged against him, causing them to wind up in the hallway, where a few picture frames hanging on the wall fell and broke, hitting the ground.
And the “Open” sign hanging in the door.
The other two gatekeepers glanced at their boss, wondering what the hell Castiel was up to, but she lifted her hand for them to chill.
Dean had found the idea of Castiel doing labour preposterous at first. But once he saw him having a good old time at chopping vegetables or gathering wood for the fire, happy to contribute, Dean deduced that his protector could do whatever he wished to.
surrounding them, which kept increasing at every moment, they knew it would be highly recommended to not overstay their welcome. The last thing they wanted was to bring their problems to a temple.
“Did I wake you?”
Sam frowned at Dean.
“You’re the only person you have to answer to, Dean.”
This was easier said than done. But he nonetheless tried.
He was surprised, however, when Castiel did the opposite. He backed away from Dean entirely, bringing his body warmth with him.
Both holding a firm tight on him, by his shoulders and arms, they lifted him up to his feet.
The following day was pretty much a repetition of the day before. They took it easy and kept themselves safe and warm inside the cabin as they observed the white storm raging outside.
And despite the fact that Castiel had meant every word, Dean, pursing his lips, was obviously not convinced.
“No, it’s okay. I know he’s all right now. That’s what I wanted to know. I’ll leave you guys alone. Dean can call if he feels like it, but otherwise, you guys should enjoy your day, okay?”
“I never managed to stay up that late. Every time I tried, I always fell asleep and woke up the next morning.”
“You should have seen your face when she walked in on us,” said Gabriel, lowering his eyes. “But I didn’t want to draw the wrong conclusion, and when it was clear you didn’t really want to elaborate on it, I thought it best to not force it. So, I didn’t know for sure and I certainly didn’t know what, and told myself that until you confirmed it yourself, I should just do my best to ignore it and trust that when you said you were interested, you had meant it.”
“Yes?”
“He did?” said Dean, delighted at the idea. “I like him.
Which reminded Castiel of Sam’s worry concerning Dean’s stubbornness.
They paused for a moment and Ketch and Bevell discussed something between themselves. After glancing helplessly at Castiel, who was staring at the floor, purposely avoiding Dean’s gaze, Dean took a look at Davies, who was standing by the door, monitoring the situation. He remained quite still and impartial, but Dean felt something was up.
“Thanks, Dean.”
“Now, I guess it all depends on the company in question.”
Cas: I don’t know, Sam.
And Castiel, stunned, was suddenly staring at him. He gave him a shy smile and pushed the door open to let him in silently.
Castiel was about to ask Dean how he was feeling in the overall of the attack, when Dean’s stomach growled loudly, making them both laugh.
“Now that the game is cancelled, we were just going to take it easy, I guess,” said Sam. “Why?”
Even though he knew it was pointless.
“We’ll get your stuff and bring it here?” said Dean, beaming at him.
“Is that so?”
“Oh, that—that’s the fun one.”
And Dean angrily continued eating, discouraged at everything.
But they lost their balance as a massive quake occurred. The soil ripped itself below their feet and the sky screamed and the rain fell heavily.
Jo Harvelle was already waiting for him on a blond mare, by the time Dean had made his way to the exact spot Garth had been the month before. They greeted each other with a hug, and after a short exchange of bags, lists, and letters, Dean inquired about the village.
The remainder of Castiel’s story was about his brutal interrogation.
And while Sam gathered that it had been a perfectly sensible approach, as they were both incredibly busy, and that he would much rather converse with Gabriel in person anyway, and this on any subject, it nonetheless had done nothing good for his nerves.
“Tell me,” repeated Dean.
Stunned, Sam peeked into the hallway, just in time to witness John burst into Dean’s room.
weight was his predicament.
Dean turned to me in super dramatic way and said, “If the three of us don’t make it, Sam stays here and it was all for nothing.”
He rested the tray on Dean’s lap, picked up the second bowl for himself, walked around the bed and settled himself next to Dean.
“I—what?”
“Just hold on one second, okay?”
, remember, he’s okay for a bit of fun, but don’t let your heart-eyes go too far. Or Christmas is going to turn rather sour for you.”
“Just—trust me?”
“Good to know,” she said, “but there isn’t much to say. I think the situation is pretty clear.” She opened the door and gestured him to leave, but Dean remained on his spot.
“He’s out back,” said Bobby, who had now stepped into the house as well. “We just handed him into the custody of one of your officers, Sheriff Mills.”
Not really.
“Lisa, I’m sorry. I—and you—it was a mistake. I didn’t mean to—” said Dean, panicking over Amelia’s verbal threats.
He slowly pushed the door open again.
Gabriel nodded understandingly. Sam, however, had discerned a hint disappointment in his eyes.
“I can’t decide if you’re fucking with
Which was a big issue when he was in need of his morning coffee fix right before going to work.
“I—a place where we could hide the car and be able to walk away on foot, without being immediately spotted,” he said over the siren. “I’ll make sure we have a few minutes head start before we leave. I’ll make it work. But for that, I need to know where to go.”
“What do you mean?”
You are brilliant, smart, professional and capable. You’ve done extremely well for yourself, which I had no doubts you would.
“And you’re happy to be here?”
His phone buzzed again.
With our collective skills of smartness and mischievousness, we easily managed to get on Abyssus undetected.
With Castiel’s mouth moving to his collarbone, Dean began quivering.
Castiel nodded and eyed every inch of his face. That made Dean slightly uncomfortable.
Castiel shot an exasperated look at Balthazar, who, behind the bar, was giving him the thumbs up and winking at him with a wild smile.
But just as Castiel was about to get off the couch to set up the next disc, Dean said, “We can just talk too, if you want.”
“That’s not what it’s for. Like I said, you just…sit and relax. Let the bubbles do the magic.”
Hungry for each other’s flesh.
And with this statement, Castiel took a deep breath and rammed into him, not slowing down.
“Of course. About what?”
“Cas?”
“That’s not the same thing,” muttered Dean more to himself than Gabriel.
That’s when a little light bulb turned on in Dean’s brain. He finally understood why Castiel was so sluggish: he was suffering some of the side effects of cryo sleep.
“Which ones, then?” asked Castiel. Crossing his arms over his chest and still holding the pair of green boxers, he took a step back to let Dean have better access to the table.
With no Dean in the apartment.
Having wondered who the brave soul was that had volunteered for the task this time around, Dean was pleased to discern a kind, familiar face, as he approached.
More.
“Then why? Why are you here?”
Once everyone was inside and the door was shut, Castiel helped Dean tend to the horses. The small stable, which consisted of four stalls, was attached to the back of the cabin. Dean pointed out a door, next to a large dark window.
“I thought that was your car. You mentioned the model before and it looked like the one you had vaguely pointed at the other night on Lazarus Street.”
Castiel nodded absently. He understood Dean’s reasoning, even if that wasn’t how Castiel had approached the situation on his end.
“I’m not tired!”
Well, that was not what Dean had wanted to hear, because that kind of fucked with his pigheaded plan to continue being cross with Castiel.
“I’ve been doing this every night since I got here,” Castiel informed him.
Just long enough so everyone present in the room would know what was happening.
is, but the point is that we don’t attract attention. The coat is pushing it, but fine. The armor is a bit much, though. People will definitely notice.”
“Dean, did I do something wrong?”
Beaming at them, the archangel said, “Let’s do this.”
“Evidently, the temptation was too high for her…” continued Gabriel, with a dramatic tone.
She let out a laugh. “Naomi didn’t have to tell me shit. She gave me that envelope for you when I told her I would be visiting you in a few days. I thought it was weird, but whatever. No, she didn’t tell me this. But I know people too, Cas. And I’m dead serious about that.”
He shut his eyes tightly, holding his breath. His fingers gently twisting his ring hanging from the chain around his neck.
Castiel and the Winchesters turned around in panic, only to find Gabriel trotting towards them, with a smile on his face.
When he reached the first floor, he caught Jack circling the tree, carefully studying the presents, deciding which one to open first. He picked one, and after a clear hesitation, he delicately pulled on one of the ribbons.
Castiel let out a sigh. He put the filled up kettle on the counter, thinking.
Halo or mighty celestial being, that was one of the few things that never changed, no matter the world, it seemed.
He gave him a card, told him who wanted to meet with him and where, and had insisted that he stopped by as soon as he could.
the job was considering the location.”
His bruised bottom lip, to be exact.
His back was still turned to him.
Amelia yelling at them had definitely put an end to it. Sure. But before she had yelled, before the girls had arrived, something else had stopped them.
Dean turned the burner off and put the pan aside. Grabbing some condiments, he then laid them on the table, along with utensils and two plates. One in front of Castiel and another in the spot facing him.
And to Dean’s delight, the boy retrieved a giant rainbow slinky.
He repositioned himself a little and, caressing Dean’s face, he said, “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Castiel waved shyly at him, grinning, and Dean did the same.
“What’s that?” sighed Castiel.
“But good to know.”
“Why didn’t he come after us if he knows where we are, then?” said Sam after pondering on what Gabriel had just told them. “And who is he?”
Sitting between Castiel’s legs, Dean’s hand wandered off under the water and started caressing Castiel’s thigh.
“Some time now. I just—” Sam cleared his throat for the umpteenth time. “I—yeah.”
“I was wondering if you knew anything about—”
It was quite brilliant
Dean cleared his throat and shifted on his feet. “I’m—I think I need a little more practice than you for this one.”
At first, the squeaky sound of the bed, though annoying, wasn’t so terrible. Dean seemed to think it was rather funny even. But as things progressed, heartbeats intensified, breaths were uneven, and the ache for one another was nearly intolerable, given that they hadn’t even gotten to the good part yet, and that the bed was a major concern, Dean had to agree with Castiel’s initial conclusion: they were slightly limited in what they could do.
“Fuck.”
He took a deep breath. “What did he say?” he asked Gabriel as he shoved the phone back in his coat pocket.
And also, most enjoyable.
“And once you left the party, you headed straight home?”
“Yes. That was amazing.”
Cain was standing at the front desk, which Patience was manning. She nodded at his request and left to the back room.
The small group couldn’t stop laughing, so much so that Dean had to pull Castiel away for a moment.
Too many times he had found his younger brother Sam helping out late at night, and after the evening—week—he had just had, the last thing he wanted was to create an argument with Samuel about it.
“Um, yes. Because it is.”
“Wait, Sam is texting you?” said Castiel, cutting him off with an odd expression on his face. “Since when?”
Dean lifted his eyes from his textbook, disconcerted. “What? How come?”
But that’s me.
Convinced that he had ruined everything between them once and for all, Dean felt lousy for the rest of the evening.
The annoying wave of judgmental questions, which he did not have any answers to.
He hadn’t slept a wink. His entire body ached. His soul was tired. The idea of never leaving his bed again was incredibly appealing to him. If he stayed there, then perhaps he would stop acting like an idiot and his problems would undoubtedly end, too.
But he still kept track of their activities.
And that would be a problem.
So much for a secret bunker.
“That is for you to find out, squirrel. If you let me voice it.”
? That’s what you said, right?”
Castiel shifted a little. “Well, I know you were just kidding around. As you told me. And I—I think that the fact that you don’t remember is probably a big indication that it wasn’t that important.”
“—fine,
just yet,” he said, gesturing air quotes. “She just broke up with her boyfriend. And even then, I know my brother. You’ll see.” He took a deep breath, looking at Dean’s back a few rows down. “Anyway, Cas, we agreed on hanging out, so that’s what we’ll do no matter what. You need a severe distraction and I’d be an awful person if I didn’t try to do that at the very least.”
Kiss him.
“Cas?”
“Is coffee—is it too late for coffee? Something stronger?”
“He enjoys taking down people of power. The ones who are arrogant and prey on the weak.”
“We were, you know, but then I—I just—I don’t know. I froze and I—he—”
Dean opened his mouth, but shut it rapidly, lowering his eyes. “That’s really nice of you to invite me, Jack. I’d like to, but I’m—I’m actually just waiting for my order. I got takeout for Sam and me to bring back. Don’t think Sam would be very happy with me if I left him starving,” he said, laughing.
So, when I flew to my heroic crusade, back on the ground, Castiel and Dean watched me reach the first tower.
The other Castiel.
“That’s why I was making coffee.” He reached for Dean’s hand and leaned himself against him to feel his warmth. “You’re helping, though.”
Sam frowned at him.
“That’s because I didn’t want to disturb my neighbour,” he said in a playful tone. “I was very discreet.”
There was also the worry that they might have been watched after the few snags they had hit in the past.
He was aware that it was a rather ridiculous approach and that, sooner or later, Castiel would figure out that he was trying to avoid him and probably demand to know why that was.
“What? Since whe—what for?” asked Dean, stunned. Castiel had literally never done anything wrong in his life.
“He seems nice,” said Anna. “I can take care of this while you go talk to him. And, um, we’re almost closing, so…you know, take your time. No one else is out there.”
“That’s great. So, what do you need,” said Dean, clapping his hands.
“You’ll be picking up a passenger.”
Dean let out a loud moan, and Castiel felt Dean’s fingers tightening on his hair. His legs stirred.
And Castiel couldn’t stop smiling.
Castiel laughed, taking another cookie.
“Dean, I—I don't know. I don't know if I can put myself through this again. Why? Why would we? Why do you want to?”
Until Dean swallowed, shifted his eyes to the side, slowly sat up, and after a shy smile at Castiel, slid himself off the bed.
Eventually, they let Jack go down the hill on the toboggan on his own, with Whiskey settled behind him. Dean had been very impressed that she had succeeded to remain on the toboggan the whole way down. As for Castiel and Dean, they used the saucer sleds this time around.
On the off chance that Daphne had somehow missed the entire spectacle—or hadn’t spotted him before he had cowardly hidden himself—the last thing he wanted was to get caught fleeing the house her fiancé was renting. So, feeling his heart grow heavier, he hurried to his right, cautiously circled the house in the opposite direction of his own house, as to avoid running into her, and once he was sure that Daphne was no longer outside, he quickly made his way home as stealthily as possible.
“Jesus, I don’t know. Let’s start with my job. It just got hinted that I might be up for a significant promotion, as I told you,” he whispered, glancing around, suddenly nervous about his surroundings. “I’ve been waiting for this since…forever, and it’s finally here. What am I supposed to do? Just let it go?”
“All right, son. But it’s really no issue,” he said.
“Not good enough.”
He could hear distant laughter.
“Um, Cas, if that were the case, I’d have some explaining to do about the other nights,” said Dean, amused.
He didn’t.
Yes, he was half-naked again. A sight that I think would have been much more appreciated by Dean if it hadn’t been for the fact that he was totally lost as to why Castiel was undressing himself.
Charlie lifted an eyebrow. “Don’t toy with me, Harvelle.”
“Thanks for coming, guys. I’m glad you didn’t miss it. And nice to meet you, Castiel, And Gabriel,” she said, turning to him, “this was…interesting. I’m still watching you,” she said in a serious tone, “but you made the convention even more memorable than I thought it would be.”
to grab himself a couple of sandwiches before heading home.
“Millie’s chili, yes.”
“Why?”
Sam’s eyes widened.
He partially regretted sending his last text to Sam. He had meant it at the time, but by morning, he wondered if he should have slept on it instead.
“Same.”
With clear ideas of doing something about it.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
This was the opportunity he had hoped for.
The professions. The family. The lifestyles.
“But Dean—”
“The what?” said Dean, laughing.
“Like, for the
“When I came back home that night…I was so upset. I almost called my brother, Sam, but it was the middle of the night. I knew I just needed to go to sleep and I’d feel better in the morning. But I just felt so awful. And I was also massively drunk. And that’s when I had the stupid idea to go online. And there you were. You had posted a new fan art, inspired by the latest episode of
Two plates.
So, yes. Everything seemed as it always had been.
But no. There he was. Being kidnapped. Dragged. Blackmailed. And branded a criminal.
Annoyed with his brother and with the fact that he had missed such an event, Dean crossed his arms over his chest and made a moue. “What are we going to do about Gabriel?” he said, wanting to change the subject.
They stopped again to catch their breaths, leaning back to observe one another.
“Cas, that will be months from now. I reckon you’d have time to go, come back and the place won’t even be near opening day yet. So what does that matter?”
Not after the night they had had.
“Is it Christmas already? This is getting better and better.”
Dean frowned at his brother. His patent change of behaviour hadn’t fooled him. It was clear that Sam had more to say on the subject and Dean was now curious to hear his opinion. He let the matter go, however, when Donna received a phone call informing her that another body had been found, thus prompting the trio to abruptly end their lunch and return to work.
“No, it’s fine. I just—I—don’t stop.”
Dean nodded once more, ignoring every atom of his being telling him that he should have never accepted this gig.
With the music playing on low, he had had the good idea to read out loud one of the books he had purchased to pass the time, which turned out to be extremely entertaining, thought Castiel.
“Wait a minute,” said Bartholomew.
A loud wail of desperation came out of him.
“No. Yes—fuck, I have no idea. How could I? Cas, feelings and…attachment….romantic notions and—that—I know nothing about that. I always stayed away from it and it’s never been difficult to do so before. In fact, I always thought it was easy. But you…I tried to ignore it. I tried to downplay it. I tried to convince myself that this—
Some can still be present and part of your life. And while the choice is often made for you, as you know fair well, sometimes you can be lucky enough to change that. And it could be as simple as asking for it. But my dear boy, you just have to try.
Why she had suggested another date was a complete mystery to him, but Dean told himself, as he started the engine of his car, that he’d better get his brain back in function by Friday if he didn’t want to die of embarrassment.
“Awesome. I’ll bring coffee. Or would you prefer something more festive? Like apple cider? Hot chocolate?”
“Um, no. Don’t—even if you sleep with all the blankets I have, and the clothes you own, you’ll freeze.”
And knowing exactly where Dean was going with this, Castiel said, “And Gordon suspected you.”
He hadn’t voiced it, of course, but Dean was convinced that the new task Zachariah had asked him to undertake was bothering him.
“Thank you,” he said, smiling. “In comparison to my siblings, I am actually quite young.”
And now, Dean tried his best to focus on the task at hand and ignore everything boiling inside him. But this proved to be problematic with his father working right beside him. He wasn’t commenting on it, but Dean knew that his father was aware he wasn’t in his normal state of mind.
“Absolutely.”
“It’s not ridiculous, Cas.” He shifted on his feet. “I’m used to sleep on my own as well, but, um, until we figure out how the hell someone managed to get in without us knowing, having someone next to me would be reassuring too. Honestly, I’d sleep much better if I knew you’d be safe next to me.”
“Oh. Still not sure. It, um, would help, but there’s just something about it that makes me hesitate.”
A stage was set up at the far left of the room. The lights were dimmed and laser lights were shining all over, but the structure, walls and furniture of the hotel were still very much in place and discernible.
Dean had expected some obscure rock band. But he was pleasantly surprised to learn that this was not the case. Far from it.
“How do you know each other?” he asked.
Standing side by side, they then shifted their gaze to the horizon, turning their backs to the door. The Styne property, situated at the edge of the town, right by the lake and the thick forest surrounding it, offered a beautiful scenery, in particular during winter time, thought Dean, when a fresh snowfall made it seem straight out of a painting.
“As far as Christmas goes, was that okay?” he whispered.
“That’s all right,” Castiel assured him. “I just wanted to say hello.”
“Because of my—for the past few years before that, every time I met someone, new or not, people always looked at me awkwardly with sad eyes, because of what happened to my parents. I know they meant well, but I just—I didn’t want you to do that. Especially on that day. It would have spoiled your day. So I left. I left and I regretted it.”
“Mr. Winchester! Hello. How are you feeling now? Oh, who do we have here?” she asked once she noticed Castiel’s presence. “Are you the brother?”
But he liked the way it was going.
Dean stopped breathing. He almost dropped the phone.
Sam was at a loss for words, and when Miss Knight realized that he was still standing there, she said, “Is there a problem?”
Castiel shifted on his seat, and thinking fast, he heard himself say, “Like I said, that’s only up to you, Dean. But I—I don’t think you should completely dismiss him just yet.”
“I am. Cas, fuck. Please, move.”
Which left only one person other than Sam who knew the truth: Bela.
Charlie, sinking in her seat and twisting the base of her glass, said, “I was afraid of that.”
“Sort of. Probably not as I should have.”
Nevertheless, Dean feared that the issue might resurface due to Gordon’s stubbornness.
“It seems so.”
“He did come to the house. I have no idea what time it was, but it was in the afternoon.”
“Good for you.”
“We don’t know where Missouri is.”
“Hmmm. I think I’m going to have to double check to believe you.”
And he had been very clear: he was planning on coming back.
Castiel: How the hell am I supposed to deal with being casual when I can barely handle what’s happening right now?
“Uh-huh. Well, I’m afraid that motels and lodgings are not an option. With half the town—if you can call it that—being gone this time of year, I’m afraid you won’t have much to choose from. You’re welcome to stay here, at the station, until the morning if you want, but I would advise against it.”
Returning his gaze to the water, Castiel said, “No. I think Gabriel is shielding their conversation from us.”
But since he never found such evidence to support this, reading his words only increased his respect and admiration for him, which worsened Dean’s misery.
“Dean, you should,” pleaded Castiel. “Missouri is right. They might not be able to do much about Amara, but if you’re on Venandi, Henriksen, Crowley, the BMoL—they cannot get to you there.”
Wearing comfortable sweatpants, thick wool socks and jumpers, they ate their lunch hastily, and then both dropped on the bed, exhausted.
“Yes, um.” Dean cleared his throat. “So, I couldn’t help but notice when we, um—I have to ask, are you just, like, an out-of-this-world-talented natural at making out or….”
They ended up leaving right before dinner. Castiel glanced one last time at his apartment, locked the door behind him, and the next thing he knew, he was on his way to his new life for the next six months with Dean—his husband.
And before he was out the door, she added, “Make it count. Don’t make me regret this.”
Ashamed and anxious.
After glancing at him, Dean took the letter with quivering hands. He observed it for a moment and then asked, “Do I have to—can I read it later?”
Dean nodded, with a faint smile. He leaned forward and grabbed his spoon again, ready to eat.
And now it was awkward.
“You lost the hat. Nice hair.”
He wasn’t particularly fond of that practice, but based on his experience with men so far, it seemed to be the typical way to go.
“Can I ask about what?” There were many possibilities bursting through Castiel’s mind as to why Dean could have had such a reaction, but Castiel thought it best to not make any assumptions and simply ask Dean about it.
The other Castiel lifted an eyebrow.
And Dean stood still.
And the thought was heartbreaking to Dean.
Castiel turned his head, eyeing his side of the road for a second, nearly looking as if he was about to head out.
And nothing much had changed after that for the next few days.
“All right,” said Castiel, knowing it was only fair, even though he felt a bit anxious about voicing this particular topic. “But I asked first.”
“What?” said Dean cautiously, as though he already knew her answer and didn’t like it one bit.
Sam shook his head. “Not yet. But working on it.”
Cas: Sam, come on.
Before Sam could answer, however, his phone buzzed, announcing he had received a text from Castiel.
The mouth-watering aroma of chili peppers and lime mixed with meat had long reached Castiel’s nose before his eyes snapped open. Gripping the edge of the couch, he sat up abruptly. “Dean, no! You’re not supposed to—” he started saying, but the rest of his sentence died in his throat, when he realized that Dean was not the one cooking.
Just as Dean was about to leave Sam’s side to help him, he got to watch, with stupefaction, the spectacle of Castiel toss around all three men as swiftly as though they were paper dolls.
Castiel nearly gasped.
. I will hound you about it later on and if you still try to ignore me, I might just be tempted to build you a trap after all. You think about that while you’re at the library.”
“He told me to leave. He sent me back my stuff with a defini—he filed for divorce. He knows where I am, and now that he’s apparently a big traveler, I don’t think it would be an issue for him to stop by, if that’s what he wanted. But he didn’t. He didn’t say anything. Or do anything.”
“Fuck. Yes. Yes, please.”
Because despite the darkness, with the lighting of the houses, Dean had seen none other than Daphne stepping out of the car.
Feeling the frenzy building within him, Dean stood up, grabbed his phone and hastily headed towards the hallway leading to his room.
Drawing closer to the stables, Castiel could already see someone tending to a large dark horse.
They continued seeing each other as much as they could after Dean had spent the whole Sunday at Castiel’s apartment, as well as when the ten days break from the job had ceased.
He swallowed hard and tightened his grip on the wheel.
Cryo sleep might have been the rage once upon a time, but in last the few decades, namely due to technical problems, and um, fraud, only fools and desperate people trusted such a procedure. Most organizations that still practice cryo sleep are shady as fuck and unless you had really good money and you out-of-this-galaxy trusted the manufacturer, no one bothered with them. Well, no one who could afford to not bother with them. And this is why they were mostly used to store prisoners who some federations didn’t know what to do with them.
“Right.”
“You say you promised yourself that you didn’t want to let me down after what happened with the whole Purgatory thing?”
“Right. Is that why you’re blessing us with your presence a lot these days?”
“Excellent, Dean. I knew you could do it.”
“Just show up…not wearing your usual clothes and unlike you. That’s it.”
That was what Dean thought when he let go of Castiel’s hand, after another police car rushed down the street.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right. Okay, but—you know. I mean like…before.”
Kelly’s parents had been, according to Castiel.
And all Dean could do was stare, frozen on his spot, with his mouth wide open.
(It looks like the rain will finally end later today!)
“Look, I know how it sounds,” he pressed on, “but I swear he’s okay. He’s not evil. He—he just needs help to control his powers. That’s what we’re trying to do. To help him.”
Anna looked him straight in the eyes, with a serious, yet compassionate look.
Sitting comfortably on his throne, he said, “We all have our talents.”
“I mean, how—how can we be sure it’s still really him? He doesn’t look like him. It’s like he’s gone.”
“I—no reason,” said Dean, lowering his eyes. “So, um who was he then?”
Dean stopped chewing and kept his eyes on the table, pretending he didn’t hear the genuine comment Castiel had just given him.
“Sam! Sa—what—”
It was then Gabriel’s turn to sigh deeply.
“Merry Christmas,” said Dean as well. “Good to meet you too. And guess who’s here with me?”
But it turned out that driving a nice classic car wasn’t the only perk his new job was offering. Not having to answer to Gordon was another
“Hello.”
And that fact slapped him in the face one morning when he was brought back to reality by Samuel.
“Right. I’ll be right back.”
While Dean felt his chest swell with jitters.
“I understand. But if this can be my contribution to help bring back your mother to safety, I want to do it.”
And as Castiel approached the window, he felt Dean’s hand gently grasp his wrist.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Right, and the fact that it will
“Nothing is wrong. Well,” he said, adopting a more playful tone, “except for the fact that in less than a month I’m going to have to endure the vacationers next door.”
Sam nodded.
And the next thing he knew, Castiel was sucking on his tongue, with one of his hands easing down on Dean’s ass. He rammed him towards him, and squeezed hard.
Castiel had traveled a lot during his early childhood, particularly in this part of the state because of the ranch, but he hadn’t remembered the landscape being so beautiful.
“I know you said you don’t remember how you got on that ship, but surely you must remember something before that,” added Castiel. “What’s the last thing you remember?”
Still no one behind them, he continued his route, feeling his heart beating out of his chest.
“Um, no.”
Dean felt his heartbeat increase.
Dean nodded. “Cool. I’m glad.” He paused a moment and then said, “And I—I really love how your house looks. It’s beautiful.”
Castiel leaned his head back to look at him. “You keep track of how many times I helped you. Saved your life. You keep saying you owe me. You don’t owe me, Dean.”
“You like Gabe.”
For starters.
“And that was just the two of you?”
Be that as it may, one thing was clear: Castiel grew wary of his opinion and feelings for Dean.
“I’ll explain later if I can, but for now, if you want to leave you have to go right away. While everyone important is busy. Something…came up and I fear your situation will only worsen if you stay here.”
Mentioning Lucifer, it turned out, had been a mistake.
Unfortunately for Dean, all his hopes went up in flames when he was met by only Sam after his football practice at the car.
Balthazar: Oops. Just sent it to him.
“Hmmm. Anything to add, Dean?” said Gabriel with an eyebrow lifted.
He cleared his throat. “Um, well, the main reason why I was calling was because they made allusion to the rules. Like in the email, they were threatening to expose us to be breaking the rules.”
The one from last year.
,” she added firmly. “But not right now. Uncle Bobby is about to play. I know you don’t want to miss that.”
Sam opened his mouth, ready to protest Dean’s last comment, but before he could, Whiskey suddenly turned her head towards the entrance and stepped away from Dean’s reach. She let out a small bark and rushed to the shut office door, wanting to get out.
On the one hand, knowing that he wouldn’t have to deal with the council was a massive dose of relief. Feeling like a failure in the eyes of the village was something Dean was desperate to avoid.
Dean nodded and joined Jack, who was apparently trying to make Whiskey and Gamgee do tricks, in the meantime.
Dean walked to the door, grabbed the handle, and turned to Lisa. “Thank you for hearing me out. You really didn’t have to.” He opened the door, but Lisa stopped him.
And apparently, as he left the car without giving him the opportunity to reply, Dean had lost the argument.
He hugged his son and said goodbye.
After taking the time to eat their snack in the car, Castiel turned on the engine and they set off back home.
So he could return to his life.
So yeah, this fucker was smug as fuck now. And the boys were beyond screwed.
By the time Castiel and Donna arrived at the main building, the irritated guest was already roaring at Garth by the welcoming desk.
“Jewelry?”
“I’m fine. I just—” He took a deep breath.
Not long after, Sheriff Jody Mills arrived. Rufus told her what he knew so far and then left Castiel and Dean with her.
The Boy King stared at him for a moment, and then let out a short laugh. “Huh. I almost had you there, for a second, didn’t I? I guess that was worth the try. And to answer your question…”
“Castiel,” I said, after I took a sip of my delicious sweet drink, “you must know that asking for Lucifer is foolish. Why in the all the stars would you want to know this?”
“So?” asked Sam. “Cas said you left to talk to Gabriel. How did it go?”
I bet they were.
And a brief imagery of piercing blue eyes. Just long enough for Dean to know what it was, but so briefly to always make him doubt he had seen it at all.
And I hope everyone is having a lovely holiday (no matter what it is!!).
With another finger snap, the room changed again.
Castiel turned to Dean with a smile on his face. “Where are we going?”
Gawking at him with wide eyes, he then stepped towards him, smiling, with his hands lifting up to embrace him.
Measuring cups. Rolling pins. Cookie cutters. Cooling racks. Whisks.
And ruining Jack’s day was the last thing Castiel wanted.
Castiel caught himself watching Dean’s hand, hoping he could take it. He almost did a few times.
“Where you hid them,” said Sam nonchalantly. “I know where you stash your stuff. I thought whatever you were hiding would cheer you up. Though, I gotta say…taco shells? Not what I was expecting.”
“I—indirectly…but it was pretty clear. And he was the one who brought up the question, so I thought—maybe I misread it and—”
“Including Christmas shopping,” said Castiel, teasing him.
,” when he passed by him, only to hurry down the hallway, putting as much distance from his brother as possible.
Castiel, swallowing hard, glanced at Dean, who was gawking at him.
So they either had lost them within the mayhem on Turbulentus.
Even if neither of them particularly wished to do so.
“You know where you’re going?” asked Castiel, walking next to Dean and trying to avoid the attention of the crowd around them.
Sam’s eyes softened on the spot. “And I get that, no matter how global the consequences might be, no one would want to do this.”
“Jack, can we put the sunglasses aside during breakfast?”
Dean shook his head.
Dean couldn’t remember coming across this name before. Written or otherwise. It was such an unusual name. He would have remembered if he had.
“No, it isn’t,” said Dean, almost smiling.
“Very convincing,” he said, smiling.
“Cas, I told you, the last thing I want to do is make you feel uncomfortable. So I thought that if you preferred, at the beginning, maybe the guest room would be better for you. I don’t mind either way. But yeah.”
Knowing they should soon get started on dinner, they argued against it, as neither of them were particularly hungry. And with this, feeling giddy, they then decided to move on from tea to wine.
The point of their feet touched and he could feel Castiel’s breath against his lips.
. Don’t.”
Sam swallowed and took a large sip of his drink.
“I—some things don’t add up with your work at the restaurant. I don’t care. At first, I thought it was because you were seeing someone. Which would have explained the late nights and sneaking out. And—but…anyway. Yesterday was the twenty-fifth of April and you just left without a word again. So, I—I decided to check out if you really were just going to work.”
“Mom did everything else,” pointed out Sam.
Frowning, Jack said, “You were?”
“Nah, like five minutes. He’s waiting in the main office.”
“I’m just trying to help,” he said, laughing.
“So, she’d just teleport or something? Like a summoning spell?” asked Sam.
was the one helping
He was fully aware that he was being irrational, but in that moment, he was anxious about the fact that his friend was residing under his roof and that he hadn’t been able to spend one minute with him.
The man pretending to be Santa Claus amicably bopped Dean’s head before walking away to the next couple of children standing by, awaiting their present.
Scrambled eggs with fruits were the next level. Not rare, but not typical either, and usually excused him from the previously mentioned Monday morning sighs.
Lying on his back, he sighed.
“Well, it wasn’t just last night. And if I tell you, will you tell me what
But three days had passed.
They both agreed that they should meet during lunch to discuss the specifics of their evening. Lisa left Dean to “wake up properly,” waved him goodbye quickly, and walked away to her friend who was standing close by, obviously for moral support.
Paying close attention to their surroundings, he made sure that they weren’t followed, as he put as much distance between them at that third building.
“I’m—I’ll be okay, Cas. Thanks.”
“Just answer the question, please.”
“A chat?” asked Dean, increasingly worried.
And now he would have to spend it on his own.
Castiel was now sitting at the edge of the armchair, with his arms crossed over his chest, while Dean was standing next to the couch.
The beginning of the call was awkward. Although Sam was genuinely happy to hear from him, there was an obvious politeness in their exchange.
Castiel snorted. “Is that a fact?”
(Are those the same thing? I honestly never know.)
After what felt like an eternity to him, Gabriel pressed his shoulder against Sam’s, and said, “How about we start by getting you home first, and then depending on what’s the situation there, we’ll see what’s what?
the one who has to explain this to
“Still doesn’t explain why you’re all in my bedroom,” he said, shutting his eyes, due to the brightness of the light.
He lowered his hand again, down to Castiel’s crotch and pressed gently, expressing his intention to him, as he opened his mouth wide.
He cleared his throat, opened the door, and after a short sigh, Castiel followed him.
Dean stared at him.
“What are you talking about?”
Castiel lifted an eyebrow. “Not that I want to point a finger, but whose fault was that?”
They weren’t granted much time to relax, however. The moment they returned to the lobby, they were reminded by the event manager that now that the hunt was over, the second part of Chuck’s Q and A would soon begin.
Strong hands immediately pulled him to his feet and away from his assailant, and while he still had his eyes closed, he knew exactly who had saved him by the touch alone.
If chosen properly, selecting a Hunter only needed to occur every few decades or so, which was why it was a very delicate process. Many elements had to be considered, and because it was impossible to predict when a new Hunter had to be chosen—namely, at the previous Hunter’s death—the council always kept a close eye on candidates.
Dean flinched.
And with one last woeful look, Dean mumbled, “Fine,” and headed out of the door.
it had been for them to do it.
And that he promised to text him before Saturday.
“You thought what?”
With his phone, Castiel took pictures of the two guys. And then, from one of the men’s jacket pockets, he retrieved something small wrapped in a brown paper bag. He opened it, checked its contents, and then shut it tightly again, only to stuff it into his own jacket pocket.
“Um, yeah. A record player that’s—”He swallowed hard and the next thing he knew, he blurted out, “Must be for someone special.”
(thank you to Danica and Landrala!!)
That much was obvious.
Yeah, I know. I know how it sounds, but don’t blame me for this nonsense. I’m actually very serious. I’m not making this shit up. If I was, I would certainly not say that a dark cloud could punch me in the face and yet, that’s what happened.
It was no secret as to what Balthazar had wanted to discuss, and given the recent weirdness between him and Dean, Castiel had judged that speaking to Balthazar about it would only render the situation uncomfortable.
Silence.
As Dean was turning himself on his back with difficulty, Castiel stood up, and the moment he left the couch, Dean looked at him, confused. “Where are you going?”
“No. I called him. I—I needed to talk to you.”
A soft knock against the door was heard.
“You really scared me last night. It was so stupid of you to take off like that. Alone. And drunk? What the hell?”
Taking his eyes off the road for a second, Dean glanced at him and the next thing he knew, he said, “We could go this weekend if you want.”
“Which might make things worse in the morning.”
Gabe: Pretty sure you will care about this one.
And his mother had lifted her eyebrow indicating that it wasn’t up for discussion.
And was apparently still holding on to it.
“Sorry for the radio silence,” said Gabriel finally. “I didn’t mean to shut you out. I just…”
And the hard truth had already been difficult to digest as it was, especially considering the terrible consequences it had brought, but to have it all on display like this did not help his confidence in that moment.
“What are you sorry for?” he said, still kissing his neck. “I watched you. I liked it.”
With Castiel being
Dean let out a short laugh, feeling embarrassed more than ever, as he was deeply praying that Sam—or anyone else, really—would never hear of this conversation.
Patrick then turned his attention to the other half of their group. “Castiel and Jack.”
Even if he knew it would most likely render the situation even more awkward.
“Because you like him.”
And he did. He slowly fell asleep staring at a peaceful-looking Dean next to him.
Gabe: I NEED TO KNOW EVERYTHING.
“Really?”
Dean didn’t love him. Not like this. Tonight’s events and this week’s weirdness were simply due to Dean having a stupid territorial feud with his brother. Or his usual freak out session. Nothing more than Dean reacting because they had tricked him.
Gabriel lifted an eyebrow, but said, “All right, then. I’ll call you tomorrow. And stop feeling bad!”
“Hello again, Dean,” said Castiel, still focusing on his task.
Once she was on her way, Dean, after a short hesitation, asked, “So, um, your family. Do they all live here?”
“Exactly what I said: that I heard differently.”
“That is such a lie,” said Castiel, chuckling. “You were not going to name it that.”
Especially that brunette Amelia.
For some reason, Dean insisted on not looking directly at his father. He could see him from the corner of his eye, having suddenly stopped eating his noodles.
“I don’t have a problem with that.”
“Really?”
She sighed. “You mean, even more so than the ones they have right now?”
And no one
And yet, over the past few years, something was not right.
Sam and Jessica were kind and welcoming, and Castiel was happy to know that Dean would be with them for a little while.
“No, I—shit, Cas. I—” And his sentence died in his throat.
was the next best thing.
“Cas, no. I swear I’ll be okay. I just need a moment.”
“Are you cold?”
More information about him.
He had a beautiful home that he loved, despite that it was somewhat hazardous at the moment due to remodeling.
And then there had been the issue of his leg. Though not utterly problematic, his battle injury had warranted Dean permission to return home and retire from the militia all those years ago. It was therefore curious to him that the council hadn’t disqualified him for that very reason as well.
And very few met that requirement.
Castiel retold in length everything Dean had told him while Balthazar poured him another drink. He even handed his friend the envelope that Dean had given him.
But Dean did worry. Based on his previous nights, he deduced that he would be back at a reasonable hour, and since it was Friday, meaning no school for Sam the next day, he told his brother that they could try to squeeze in a few episodes once he returned home.
“How long?”
Sam nodded. “Food?”
They remained silent for a brief moment, until Sam, taking pity on his brother, shut his book and said, “How about we go into town? I was gonna go later this afternoon for a bit of groceries anyway. You can check out a few of the local shops on Main Street. Browsing might give you some ideas.”
Castiel blinked. “No, I’m—I’m renting from Miss Hanscum. She said—”
Just like it had on the day before.
But he didn’t. He remained on his spot.
“Um, that you didn’t want to talk to me.”
“Nothing. Happened. And bye.”
Lisa nodded, and turned to him, smiling.
“I suppose it could. It is away from the ranch, and it’s just us.”
He couldn’t help it.
“Stop saying that. I’m not shy.”
“Really?” Catsiel said, laughing in his turn.
I mean, I’ve been there once or twice and, um, that’s all I’m going to say about that.
Castiel, with one hand holding Dean’s hip, rubbed the tip of his cock against Dean’s hole, making him tremble again.
When they finished loading up the car, Bobby and Donna arrived to tell them goodbye, wishing them a good trip, and also to admire Baby.
“What if what he said was true? What if Granddad—he said it in your letter. That he regretted not having done more.”
“I’m hoping to, yes.” Dean glimpsed at Castiel, and returned his eyes to Crowley.
Gabriel repositioned himself by sitting up so he could look straight at him. Grinning, he said, “It’s an unconventional choice.”
He dropped his bag in his room. Undressed himself and took his shower. Made himself his favourite cup of tea. Did his usual bedtime yoga routine. Although, this time he had exceeded his typical five minutes.
And then locking eyes with him.
An actual broken heart, just like in the goddamn movies.
Cas: You are NOT allowed to do this. And it’s not important right now.
And a warm kiss on his neck. Dean immediately pressed himself against Castiel’s chest, letting himself lean against him.
His friend was not cold or distant. He was in fact his usual self, simply talking about the new book he’d begun the night before.
But Dean didn’t sound convinced.
But keeping a low profile had definitely been Dean’s top priority since he had started his new job, and frequenting certain establishments, such as
And with him trembling at his strokes.
Should they ever find one.
Dean lowered his eyes to look at his present again.
“You want details? Thinking of testing the durability?”
“Lucifer. Do you know where he is?”
Which made Dean smirk immensely.
“Believe it or not, Dean, that’s not what I’m trying to do.”
But Dean hadn’t missed the small tremor in his hand.
Castiel understood what Dean had meant when he had claimed that his letter had failed at a full and clear explanation for Henry’s action.
After the waiter left with their empty plates and they all politely ordered dessert, Sam slid himself off the booth.
Two weeks of radio silence.
“Why do you say that?”
“Did you find it?” asked Sam, who had now reached his side.
“I—I don’t really want to,” said Sam, pushing his hair out of his face. “But I—I can’t…”
Talking to Sam had helped. Dean still felt down about Castiel and was somewhat embarrassed by everything he had said to Sam, but at the very least, spitting it out had considerably lessened his pain.
“That’s what we were told about you! Look what happened!” barked Dean.
“Excuse me?”
“But he tried. Henry tried to help us, Michael. To help all of us. Father didn’t let him. He was stubborn. He—”
bringing me here?” he told him.
“All right," said Gabriel. "If that’s what you want. But can you, um, I—I don’t know how to say this without sounding like an asshole.”
“We talked about it. Her parents were—still are—traditional. But despite that, Kelly insisted that getting married would not make us a family, as we already were one and that the
Even when he reflected on other attributes, such as the type of personalities (down to even preferred hobbies), he still couldn’t discern a clear correlation between his exes and crushes. To him, the whole concept of “having a type” was nonsensical.
That was when he spotted Ash on the porch, on the swinging bench and seemingly in deep discussion with two guys.
Still looking in front of him, he said, “I, um, I was just wondering—I was wondering if you had any, um, requests or additional info.”
“So, good idea for a present, then?”
yesterday and I didn’t even notice it. I only did when a customer mentioned it.”
“I guessed,” specified Castiel. “I didn’t know for sure until Crowley confirmed it. That’s why I kept it to myself.”
“Cas, look out!” he shouted.
Gabe: But it might get weird.
—when Cas actually insinuated, out loud, that you were inferior to him?”
Godstiel dropped what he was holding on the counter and took the seat Deanmon had been occupying a moment ago.
Was the kiss unpleasant?
“No,” said Dean grimly. “Not like Hannah. He wasn’t—it doesn’t count. That’s my point.”
Tasting Dean’s lingering peppermint kiss.
“I just—just need a—or I’ll—”
The small town was exactly what he had hoped for. Large green trees and colorful flowers were everywhere. The main street consisted of local shops and almost felt like he had stepped into an amiable town from the 50’s, where no one ever seemed to be in a rush, and everyone was stress-free and friendly.
Finally, someone claimed the Sizzler gift certificate, and since most of the interest for the hunt soon died down after that, it gave them an excuse to call it quits, as well.
Dean blinked.
“Don’t bother with them. Not yet,” said the other Sam.
So, he said gently, “You should know there’s more to that message than you think. But I understand you’re tired. So, I’ll explain tomorrow instead and say good night for now.”
“All right. No offence taken, I swear. But, like, I had to try. I mean,” he said, gesturing at Sam.
“That’s nice of him. Was that why you wanted to speak to him?”
Jack’s eyes shifted as he processed what his father had just told him. “You mean, if Dean would spent Christmas with us?”
And the mixtape.
By the third hour, though still limited with his answers, the tension seemed to have dissipated, so much so, that Gabriel thought he might have had imagined it after all. Sam didn’t trip on his words. He stopped fidgeting in his seat. And he wasn’t nervously playing with his fingers, either. He wasn’t exactly a chatter-box, but at least he seemed to be enjoying himself.
Thank you for reading and commenting!!
with you, it seems Dr. Hess feels differently about investing in your establishment.”
Castiel: No.
He held Dean’s hand to his mouth and kissed the back of it. He stared at Dean tenderly for an instant and then climbed off bed.
Unfortunately, this happened to be the night when his father suddenly turned loquacious.
“Hello, Dean! Belphegor says hi, too,” said Jack.
He was also massively impressed to meet Castiel.
Dean needed to do something and do something fast. He pulled out his phone from under his desk. His teacher was busy talking to some of the students at the front, so he did what he had to do quickly. He sent a text to Sam to confirm that they’d get a ride home after school, so he’d at least be with them during that time.
“That’s because it was Donna! She didn’t behave like a frat boy over spring break or drag screaming children with her. And don’t get me started on the—it just—it sucks. These people have no consideration.”
“Please, don’t judge me too much on the state of my house.”
That was when he realized it wasn’t the sky that was loud.
“Welcome to
Dean and Castiel exchanged a worried look.
“Oh, sorry Dean,” he said. “I already asked Benny. I was here really early and the teacher announced to those of us already present that we would be working in pairs for most of the class today.”
—he was also very much aware that by the time he had hit on Gabriel, leaned in for a kiss—and this, quite shamelessly—alcohol had no longer been responsible for his behavior.
Dean, back on his feet, urgently pulled the man backwards, freeing Castiel from his grasp. The struggle between Dean and the intruder continued, until Castiel heard a loud thump of someone dropping to the floor.
Castiel considered Sam’s answer.
Leaning back on his seat, Castel asked, “Which one?” And with Dean’s silence, and what they had previously discussed, Castiel immediately knew. “It’s the heartbroken widower, right?”
Annoyed, Dean momentarily considered abandoning the rest of his grilled cheese to save himself from an awkward conversation.
And as though he had been reading his mind, Castiel took a step forward, gently rested a hand on Dean’s chest, and easing it over his shoulder, he said, “Want to get out of here?”
Dean felt a pang in his chest. Repositioning himself, he straightened his back, thus exposing his chest again, and turned to Castiel. “I was a bit unfair to you,” he said in a low voice. “None of this was your fault, Cas. You didn’t—Ruby—”
Dean almost slowed down for a second. “What?”
“So, no risk of us getting stuck in there instead of them. Good,” said Dean.
And the same on the following day. And the day after that.
And Sam’s mild grogginess—and injuries—didn’t help their case.
“Not long. At some point this week. I—the conversation we had—I—it occupied my thoughts considerably since. A lot more than I’d like to admit.”
“You want a play-by-play?” said Dean, annoyed.
“Fuck, Dean,” panted Castiel.
“What?”
He simply left his hand there. But, like, in a very obvious way. As if he intensively focused to ensure that not one muscle in his entire arm would move. No twitching. Or any nervous signs.
And waited.
“Sam—”
“Dean, I told you. It’s okay. Honestly, I—I’m surprised it hadn’t happened before. For, um, either of us.”
And while it turned out that Dean’s fears were unfounded, another problem surfaced.
“You make everything better,” he said softly. He took a deep breath, turned his eyes for a second, and then, once he was sure he was able to continue, he returned his gaze to Castiel. “And I don’t just mean by literally saving me and Sam, but just—just knowing you’ll be there on the job…that I’ll get to see you. Even when you were mad at me—justly so, by the way—I’m always looking forward to seeing you.”
“Am I going to like the question?”
Dean gave him a skeptical nod. “You’re just here to… talk.”
,” she whispered. “Who tortured me, killed me—twice, no less—and is responsible for all our demises. Yours and my son!”
“Castiel’s, Dean. When you come back really late—or even when I see you sneaking out in the dead of night…that’s really where you’re going, right? To Castiel’s?”
“You went there this week? When?”
So, not wishing to disturb him, Dean told himself to leave him be and planned to send him a quick text later in the day if the weather were to worsen.
So, just as Dean had expected, Zachariah had lied.
Castiel swallowed and looked down, suddenly feeling slightly embarrassed.
His eyes turned to Castiel.
Dean leaned back from the counter. “You will?”
Cas: Uh-huh. What do you want?
“Want these off?”
Dean, nearly sobbing, wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly. Castiel buried his face in his neck, as he kissed it, smiling.
Sam slowly turned to face him.
Starting to severely feel the cold, he pressed on to reach Kali’s house, praying that Castiel was there, so he could finally explain everything.
“Can I have a—one of the cloths?” asked Dean, nodding to Castiel’s right.
“I—the truth is that—Cas, I—this whole week has been a mess. I went out with Lisa and it wasn’t—it felt off. My mind—I wasn’t into it, and—”
“I know for a fact that, at this very moment, everyone at the home office is…busy. If you will. They are dealing with a pressing matter and interrupting them would be ill-advised. And since this is a situation that requires immediate attention because of Sam, it means that we will have to deal with it ourselves.”
“Oh, I’m being silly,” she said, laughing. She pushed the plate of sweets in between them. “I work at the ranch. That’s how I know who you are, Mr. Novak,” she said, smiling warmly. “I’m Donna.”
“You have a green thumb?”
“I’m not sure how you expect me to succeed where you failed.”
Dean eagerly twisted his fork on his plate, wrapping spaghetti around it.
“Then what? He had another vessel while you…helped him?”
Sam poked Dean in his ribs to cut it out.
“I know a lot, Cas. Especially about the Winchesters.”
Lucifer stayed silent.
Silence.
One person, however, had noticed.
Smiling, Sam said, “Of what I remember, though, it was slowly getting there, right?”
“Because it is the safest facial feature to comment on?”
“I know,” he said joyfully. “The optics are a bit dramatic.” He sighed deeply. “But it’s kind of my thing.”
Dean took another deep breath to really stop laughing. “Okay, I’m—I’m sorry about that. I know it sucks.” And then his grin was back on his face. “But hey…the night wasn’t a total loss…far from it. You didn’t
Sam lifted his arms in the air in sign of exasperation, only to remember that his mother wasn’t very far away, so this was no time for an outburst. “Cas, why the hell didn’t you do anything then?” he asked, desperately trying to keep his voice down. “That’s when I knew for sure that Dean liked you,” he confessed. “Because he was jealous. Remember what we talked about? Dean freaking out and being jealous? I told you I had seen it before. That’s when. And now, I’m going to hell and Dean is going to murder me for telling you, but Cas, Dean was jealous. He turned green every single time she was around or whenever you mentioned her name. And I knew it. And he knew it. And he knew that I knew and he made me swear to never tell a soul.”
“There’s usually a plane that brings in new supplies on every other Friday," continued the clerk. "One was supposed to come in today. But with the storm, there’s no way that's gonna happen now. And beyond that, there’s honestly no way to tell. Unless someone schedules a trip out of the blue, the only other flight passing by will be—funnily enough—Lafitte coming back from Fairbanks, a week from now. If the weather allows it."
“Not just that, though, right?”
And he froze on the spot.
As you can see, I do not have a problem with Castiel, because I know what happened. Although, many of our remaining siblings are aware of that fact too by now. And they still bitterly hold Castiel accountable.
And without hesitation, Dean fired at both Deanmon and the Boy King.
“I don’t know and I’m afraid to know. I told him no jokes and to be quick.”
“I think that since what happened with Lee throwing me for a loop like that… I kept replaying it in my head, you know? I always thought I had good instincts about people. But this was… It’s not very complicated. Either I totally misjudged who he was before or he drastically changed since the good old days. Either way, I only realized it when it was too late. But not knowing if I was just that gullible or if it was because he had just been that good at hiding it…after all that, it was like…”
Castiel pursed his lips. It appeared that he was far more transparent than he had intended. And knowing that neither of his friends would let the matter drop, he shifted on his seat and continued typing.
“You’ll second what?” asked a voice behind them.
“Cas?”
“I don’t know. But it’s dark. So, after five at least. Probably much later than that.”
Based on what he had just witnessed, and on what he knew of Dean, the answer was simple: No. He wouldn’t have insisted that Dean accept Richie’s invitation, but he certainly would have encouraged him to do so.
“Any time you want, Cas.”
But only the soft wind against his face was responding.
, in a neighborhood across town. Working part-time at a top-end restaurant gave him room to explain the late and inconsistent hours. He wasn’t sure he could manage to sell the salary increase with the tips alone, but he figured that he could potentially build on it.
“God.”
Castiel took a step back to return to the house, but came to a halt, and faced Dean again. “Oh, and the one thing I
“Gross. Why?”
But he did the opposite. He acted as though nothing had happened and tried to hide his discomfort, which he spectacularly failed to do, like Castiel.
“What? But why—what happened? Who was that?”
Castiel was relieved that he had at least managed to secure his employment until his return.
But far more respectable than Dean’s, that was for sure.
Castiel sat next to him on the edge of the couch and gently grazed Dean’s back, making him shudder, as Dean continued playing with his ass.
And that was when Castiel caught sight of him.
“Nothing much to report on
His head, along with every single bone and muscle in his body, was hurting. It was nothing, however, compared to how he felt when the memories of the night before, of what had happened between him and Dean, came rushing in.
There was a short pause. “Nothing. It’s just early and you—did you need something?”
proposed. And you’re—” he began saying, but never finished his sentence. He bit on his lips and slowly sat down, and leaned on the back of his chair, thinking. And then, no longer able to contain his thoughts, he said, “But—but Cas, that’s—that’s crazy! How—and Mi—Michael, he’s—”
Sam hesitated a moment, weighing on what to say next. After biting his lips, he glimpsed towards the entrance. Dean followed his gaze, and noticed that, although Jody was gone, both John and Mary were still discussing by the front door.
Stunned, Castiel couldn’t do anything but stare at him. “You did?”
And if Maggie, Jack’s best friend, and her family hadn’t moved to a different state in the middle of the summer, Castiel was convinced that some of the nosy parents—or anyone who seemed to have an opinion—wouldn’t have commented on Jack’s so-called unusual behavior regarding Belphegor.
It was as though Castiel was testing Dean’s flexibility and frankly, while this positioning seemed rather odd to Dean, he didn’t mind one second.
And after giving him a sympathetic smile, he picked up his fork again and continued eating his pie.
Castiel was typically the person who helped Dean making sense of things whenever he would get overwhelmed with life. And now, ironically, he was the one person who definitely couldn’t weigh in on this problem.
And it had been in the most urgent and passionate way. From the moment he had pulled Castiel towards him and had finally kissed him as he had deeply yearned to do so for the past weeks, Dean hadn’t slowed down one second after that. No hesitation. Simply governed by the need to feed his hunger.
“Um—what is he singing?”
She blinked. “But you just said—”
Gabe: Let’s hope they don’t smarten up too much.
Dean shook his head. “Woke up and you weren’t there. I saw the bathroom door was closed, so…”
The rest of the class was a fucking nightmare. Thank goodness Lisa was a very studious student and kept Dean on track with what needed to be done with the assignment, otherwise Dean would have had simply gawked at Castiel the entire class.
Sam sighed. “That was my point, though. That Dean would have done something if he really liked her. I believe he would have with you.”
All this being said though, whatever the right answer was, one thing was for certain: Castiel had to know.
to procure himself some items of sustenance. As he was studying the options at the meat counter, deciding what would work best with the vegetables he had chosen for his supper, someone gently tapped him on his shoulder.
The fact was that this wasn't the first time he had given Castiel a present. He had even done so on a few occasions, actually. Just never on Christmas, and he had done so randomly and simply because he had felt like it at that moment.
“Mrs. Prince supposedly called her husband at my arrival to find out about his whereabouts. And then she put her phone away, didn’t call back or even look at it again.”
“I just couldn’t take it. I couldn’t just stay there. So I left.”
Castiel took one step in Dean’s direction.
The one silver lining he had given himself earlier that day was that despite his busy schedule, once back at home, he would still have been able to finally hang out with Castiel.
Castiel fought the urge to constantly fidget in his seat, as he felt his anxiety rise by every passing minute. One glance at Dean, who kept rubbing his neck, and Castiel gathered that he was not the only one fretting about their arrival at the ranch.
With just the right amount of pressure.
It didn’t matter if the advice seeker had written a message of two sentences, or twenty times that, Castiel was generous with his answers. As though he had really taken the time to reflect on their questions, instead of answering with a quick response that anyone could have come up with to move on immediately to the next person.
Dean, noticing his struggle, slowly slid his hand over his shoulder for comfort and said, “What is it?”
Lisa was standing in front of him.
And Dean needed to do something about it.
“Cas—”
Sam couldn’t do anything but stare in amazement. Chuck nearly choked on his drink. And Gabriel was pleased with himself.
“Because it—it involves someone else and I promised I wouldn’t tell.”
them as they continually ignored her suggestions to do so, suggested that they had simply used her to play messenger.
“Thanks again for giving her my name.”
“But—”
And when Castiel realized this, he deduced that, as much as it was killing him, now was not the time to have this conversation.
But that hadn’t been the worst of it.
“You have another option.” Sam faced Gabriel with his knees touching his thighs as he turned. “You can stay at my house, if you want.”
The other Castiel remained standing over Jack’s body, observing Sam, who was frantically trying to wake him up.
Castiel hated to admit it, but as the list of notifications piled up on his phone with the angry texts she was sending him, Balthazar was probably right about this one.
“Perfect. It’s Amelia’s favourite,” said Lisa
Details about a case? How to kill a shtriga? Which play Sam had done in high school?
“I—I confess that I don’t entirely understand how a crystal can trap the—um, the others. I know it’s magic, but once the spell is complete, do they magically end up in the crystal or do we have to trap them in there? And if so, how? I—I don’t understand.” He turned to Sam and said, “I—I’m sorry. I know I should have asked earlier, but I—everyone seemed to understand the plan, so I thought it was unimportant and that—that I should wait until later to ask.”
Gabe: I’m still waiting for details, you know.
“Oh, please, Cas,” said Sam, laughing. “You’re pretty low maintenance compared to Dean.”
“We still can’t be seen together.”
“You brought it with you, correct?”
nightmare began. The next six months or so was just me dealing with awful people. None stayed more than a month, because they just left out of the blue or I had to throw them out for owing me money or being—and I mean—I like to think I’m a pretty tolerant person, and I really try to give everyone a chance, but this was…one person stole and sold some of my stuff. Another one didn’t see any issue in allowing three of his friends to squat in the place, free of charge, with no contribution to anything, like food or cleaning.
Their luck, I must inform you, ended there.
Silence.
Gordon wasn’t laughing anymore and the other three men exchanged looks.
“Why do you say that?” he asked, closing the door of the fridge.
A few minutes later, Dean glanced at him questionably, as Castiel knew he would. Remaining expressionless, Castiel turned to him and said, “Questions, Dean?”
“I’m sorry, Jack. It seems that Daddy’s not fully awake yet.” And after a glance at the counter, he added, “And, of course, I’m afraid that was the last of the cinnamon bread. I know we usually keep it for Sunday morning, but I guess we’ll have to make due with cereal this morning. We can eat the sweet ones we keep for special late snacks. How does that sound?”
To say the least.
“Only if you want.”
Castiel frowned. “Dean. You have to—”
And Castiel, deeply fighting the urge to reach out for him, simply waited for Dean to do something.
And chuckling, Castiel said, “I have to admit, that is an excellent point.”
But then he shook his head.
He wanted to be the one who Dean couldn’t wait to share news with.
of the incident that he had told Sam—which consisted of Dean having been already asleep when Castiel had showed up in his room and therefore, no interaction whatsoever had occurred—he would have confused it with a dream.
“I—it’s not a problem. I mean, you didn’t do anything wrong.”
Dean opened his mouth as if he was about to say something, but remained silent. He observed Castiel wiping the crumbs off the table.
“I won’t. Stay outside, I mean. I promise. But I don’t—I can’t right now. I have to go.”
“Boys?”
While it was impossible to know for sure if Sam and Jessica would have accepted or not before they had made their modifications, it turned out that Dean was right about the latter.
“You’re hilarious.”
convinced you to both pretend to be interested in each other as he knew perfectly it would annoy Dean.
Dean shrugged. Talking to grown-ups wasn’t exactly what he considered a thrilling activity. Of course, there were exceptions.
The first thought that went through Dean’s mind was that he owed Donna a new kitchen table after what he had done.
“I’m so sorry I didn’t tell you. All of it.”
She picked up the basket and went down the hallway.
Intimacy.
And focusing on the faint breeze brushing against the leaves.
And after a long stare, making him almost reconsider his decision, he twisted the door handle and left Castiel’s apartment.
And the cute little light bulb turned on in my head and I thought, “Okay, he’s brill.”
Dean listened with acute attention.
They finally arrived at what looked like a quaint little house on a corner street with a colorful garden and trees surrounding it.
That was what he did when his parents died and to my great shame, I let him do it.
“Of course. And you have a right to be. But…can you honestly tell me you’re
“Sam, it’s more than okay.”
But after taking a good look at Castiel, the strawberry blond fixed her hair and said, smiling, “No. I don’t.”
The good news was that it happened right by the gigantic steps of Lucifer’s stupid and over the top castle/palace/fortress (he’s not very subtle), so we didn’t have a lot of walking to do to get there.
“That’s the one Cas used when he stayed over this week.”
“You’re up, already? Shit. Did I wake you? I was trying to not make any noise.”
is great.”
“That was a long time ago. His wife owned the pharmacy,” added his grandfather.
“Dean, letting you down is about the last thing I want to do. After what happened when—well, when I followed through with Crowley’s Purgatory scheme, I promised myself I would do anything in my power to never repeat that mistake.” There was a short pause, and then he added in a gentle voice, “I fear that I did just that with Jack, so I’m sorry.”
Dean, chuckling at Castiel’s confused face, grabbed a few rose petals, which had fallen on his lap, and gently rubbed them on Castiel’s mouth.
Castiel bit his lips, hesitating on his next question. Given Dean’s choice of words, Castiel had a good idea what Dean was implying here, but he decided to ask his question anyway.
When Sam finished his eulogy, which was done in a broken voice, he returned to his place, in between Dean and Jessica, who gave him a warm hug.
“Thought so. Have fun,” said Sam, smirking at him.
“Really?” Castiel scowled at him. “Why then? Because none of this makes—”
“Shit. Sam, I—I swear he was right there.”
“One of our own. Yeah, I don’t like either of these options.”
Then a week.
Dean couldn’t decide what was worse. That Jack was unfairly beating himself up for
“Come on, man. Please? I really want to know.”
Dean, who had been busy trying to untie his boots, suddenly looked at Sam with a lifted eyebrow.
A lump was swelling in Castiel’s throat. “Why didn’t you say anything?” Why don’t you ever say anything, thought Castiel.
“Without question, those are the best.”
With Gordon whimpering on the floor, one man lying unconscious, and the other two having difficulty standing up and gasping for air, Castiel unhurriedly fetched the gun, unloaded it, and dropped it in the backpack, which he began to fill with the money scattered on the ground.
But before Castiel could answer, his phone buzzed. One look at Castiel was all Dean needed to know what it was concerning and that his night was now over.
“Trust me, you have. He’s there and he’s okay. As someone who’s been in your position, I tell you that’s quite the accomplishment right there.”
“Hi, Jess,” said Sam.
Blood was coming out of his mouth and he looked like a faint breeze would be the end of him.
“Dean! Dean, I’m—let go—ow!”
“Not that I want to turn this into a stalking situation, but I happen to know where she is working now. And I may even be able to give her your number.”
“No. The only place I’m driving you is at the doc or your home.”
Castiel gave him a smile.
And then a massive grin spread across Gabriel’s face.
“I’m okay. You’re just—don’t stop.”
Mick Davies.
For instance, certain objects appeared brighter and shinier. Some of the rundown furniture was now in pristine condition.
Balthazar: You thought you were playing it cool and it wouldn’t be an issue, but I know you.
“I guess that’s my cue,” said Castiel, pointing at Jack. He gave her back her mug and assured her he would tend to the rest of the lights within a day’s time.
“Well, big bro sort of gave me the green light to not let you leave here today before you agree to go out with me.”
