And once he knew to look, there’d been signs aplenty. On rare occasion Dean even had Sam drive for a while. An unusual occurrence, but Sam had seen it before, when Dean wanted room to shift and change positions during a long car ride.  It used to highly amuse him.  But that was when Dean had brought whatever caused the discomfort on himself.
“You won’t breathe a word of this to your, brother.  He doesn’t need to know what you did.”
“Thank you,” Castiel replied cautiously.
Dean snorted at that, tilting his head as he looked more closely at his opponent.
Cas sighed.  He glanced down at Dean’s spent cock, gleaming deliciously with spit and come.  “How long until that thing is ready to go again?  I’m still in heat if you recall.   I really, really need you to fuck me as soon as possible.”
“You don’t know…” Dean sagged against the wall, barking out a harsh laugh that held no trace of mirth.  “Right.  Of course you don’t.”
“I’m sorry.  Did we give you the mistaken impression that you had a say in this decision?  In case you all forgot, this pack ain’t a democracy.  Anyone who disapproves step on up and explain to me the error of my ways.”  A faint red glow backlit his usual green.  No one took him up on his offer.
Dean’s eyes bore into his, gaze haunted.  “Then why won’t you be mine?  I can’t stand the idea of watching you die, Cas.  You’ll take a piece of me with you.”
“I’m not,” Castiel replied.  He took a seat on the log nearest Dean, relaxing slightly when the Alpha didn’t object.
Ellen grinned at that, quickly sobering as she brought up the last major issue.  “One thing you boys should know.  The invaders?  They were Black Eyes.  And there’s a whole lot more headed towards my territory.”
Dean approached the map room cautiously.  He needed to go through there to get to the other side of the bunker, but it was an excellent place for an ambush.  He carefully examined every shadow, quieting his breath and listening intently for the tell tale clink of metal to give his Alpha away.  Nothing but silence.
Dean didn’t ask about the issue again, and Castiel never brought it up.  Days passed, then a week, and Castiel hoped the conversation was safely forgotten.  Father above knew Dean had other things on his mind at present.
“Please,” he whimpered.  Everything hurt, he was burning up and he needed so much.
Dean strode out from the tree line looking as wrung-out as Sam felt.   His older brother didn’t say anything, but came to the edge of the steps and leaned against the sturdy railing.
Everything was so much different then any of the previous times he’d engaged in sex acts with Dean, or anyone else for that matter.  More intense, more sensation, more emotion, more, more, more.  Forget what he’d once said about human sex being repetitive, he could go a thousand lifetimes without getting bored with this.
Cas scowled in irritation, but didn’t reply, turning back to the distant scene.  Answer enough.
Dean was already hard, the taste of precome a salty welcome on Cas’ tongue.  Breathing heavily through his nose, Cas set a fierce pace, wanting to take the alpha over the edge hard and fast.
“Sorry, mom.  The raiders found the hidden caches down by the cave stream.  It’s gone.  Everything.  The last of the whiskey, the weapons, the food stores.  Even the last of the medical supplies was taken.”
Apparently GodCas was as entranced with Dean’s body as his previous, moderately less psycho incarnation.  Cas ran soft fingers down his chest, gaze intent.  He didn’t go lower for Dean’s ‘money spot’, instead letting his touch rove at random, Pectorals, abs, an occasional flick over a nipple.
“Cas,” Dean growled.
Castiel frowned.  “I assure you, sex alone would not cause that.  But if it would make you feel more secure, I can tell you that he gave me a very thorough blow job against that car a month ago and the world did not deviate from its course.”
“You don’t say,” Dean replied with a faint smile.
Castiel stared at the tense, angry lines of the Alpha’s shoulders as he drove the jeep.  He was beautiful all the time, and when he was angry he was magnificent.  But he wasn’t a particularly forgiving person when he felt his Pack was put at risk.
“Are you asking for help?” Sam asked carefully.
Her voice sobered.  “I put half a dinner set worth of silver through her chest, but not before she’d clawed Jason’s arm to pieces.  It looked like someone had run it through a damn shredder from the shoulder down.”
“We need to call Sam.  And Ellen,” Cas said quietly.  “I’ll tell them exactly what happened.  It was a horrible, unforgivable mistake.  I acknowledge that.”
Castiel stiffened.  Is that what Dean thought? That he was some kind of spy?  He would never do that.  He hoped that the brothers trusted him at least that much by now.
Sam didn’t add, ‘and mine,’ but he might as well have.  Castiel knew the brothers well enough to understand that something vital in Sam would die the day his brother did.  Dean was so dangerously damaged, it was easy to overlook that Sam was broken as well.
“It’s because you’re banging her,” Sam retorted, rolling his eyes.
Dean nodded.  “It’s appreciated.”  Chugging his coffee, the Alpha rose and strode back in the direction of Alpha Circle.
Over the years, Castiel had found himself in the homes of many pack Alphas, one way or another.  In all that time he had never once felt like it did with the Alphas of the Winchester Pack.  Most Alpha dens carried the telltale scent of rut, sex, and an oppressive Dominance that set his teeth on edge.  Conversely, just walking into Alpha Curve was enough to soothe all but the most crazed pack members.
Dean shifted atop him, causing Castiel’s cock to throb anew, the sensation a continuous agony buried as it was in the deep, tight perfection of his lover’s ass.  The sensation was enough to make him come, more that enough.  But, among the numerous ropes that Dean had strung around him in a slow teasing dance of hickies and kisses, was some form of torture device that wrapped around Cas testicles, preventing him from achieving orgasm.  For such a simple device it had proved devastatingly effective.
Dean grunted.  “Nothing major, Jo.  Just dislocated.  Sam will have it fixed up in no time.”
Cas shrugged.  Sam would know as well as anyone.  He’d partnered with Castiel multiple times over the years.  The idea had never bothered him before, but now Cas found himself slightly uneasy at the idea that he’d had sex with an alpha not his own, even in the past.  He supposed that was just part of the whole mating thing.
He had taken charge over the Pack beehives and they were thriving to the point that honey had been added to the list of major Pack trade items.  Due to the specific purity of his special blend, it proved to be a particularly profitable trade to the medicinal traders.
One look at the purely, viscerally mortal form of Dean Winchester had rendered Cas completely speechless.  For in losing his natural Angelic Sight, Castiel had actually Seen Dean.  Say what you would about the salty Hunter, but physically he was a truly magnificent specimen of his kind.
“Fine.  Let’s get it all out there.  Yes, mating glands come with the gig.  No, it’s not a birth defect.  I was born with one like any other dual.  I had it surgically removed.  End of discussion.”
“Yes.  It was an excellent experience.  So you can understand why I’m seeking information for furthering our sexual relationship.”
Gadreel narrowed his eyes and very carefully reached for his glass, knocking it over with the back of his hand when he attempted to grip it.  He stilled, glaring at the shotglass as if it were a venomous snake.  He focused very carefully on reaching for the glass, this time managing to right it and maintain his grip while he reached for the bottle with his other.
Dean cocked his head thoughtfully.  “You sure you have a handle on it?”
“Nope.  Wrong question.  The right question is ‘what do you want me to do about it?” Dean asked, his hips setting a fast staccato pace against Cas quickly filling erection. His lips moved to trace the sensitive places behind his ear, nipping at the lobe and tugging.
Token protest aside, he actually enjoyed the rough handling.  Loved that his alpha didn’t treat him like he was a fragile creature in need of the kid glove treatment.  Castiel was tough; a fighter in his own right, and it both delighted and relieved him that his mate saw him that way.
Dean leaned down, catching Cas’ lips in a deep, claiming kiss.  It was gentler than when they’d started, more like a caress, a dance of soft lips paired with an incredibly agile tongue.  Dean’s kisses had brought Cas to his knees multiple times.  Which was not in itself a terrible place to be when a stimulated Dean Winchester was within inches of him.
Dean noticed, of course he did.  He shifted his hips and Cas winced at the pull against his ass, the knot still too full to come out comfortably.  Shrugging at this dilemma, Dean swiped at the moisture between them, coating his hand in slick, and took Cas’ awakening erection in a firm grip, leisurely stroking him to full hardness.
Dean sagged, leaning heavily against the wall, wrapping his arms around his bare chest.  All that radiant Alpha energy slowly drained out of him, leaving a tired man in its wake.
His left hand rested casually on the firm, supple thigh of the brunette on his left, while the third girl (who may or may not be the blonde’s sister, he couldn’t really remember), also a brunette though this one had purple streaks twining through her waist length hair, sat on his other side stroking his palm.  All three ladies gazed down at him, their attention rapt.
He must have made some noise of distress because Dean was instantly back, calming him with soft kisses and nips along his neck.  Cas groaned and turned his head, offering complete access to the Alpha’s clever tongue.
“Wait, wait.” Sam stepped up, arms out.  “Let's be calm and think this through.  If we go to battle, both sides lose lives unnecessarily no matter who wins.  You have amazing warriors, Naomi.  But we are well armed and deeply entrenched in this land.  We know every nook and crevice.  Taking us on will cost you more than I think you really want to pay.”
(Pre-smut, just some sillyness).
“Alright, featherhead.  Let’s do this; show me what you’ve got.”  Dean dug his fingers deep into the hay, clutching tight.  He didn’t resist when Cas hauled him to his knees, took his hips in vice-strong grip and proceeded to do his very best his to pound the hell out of him.  Dean huffed out a rough laugh, delighted when the taunting sound only seemed to spur the angel on to even greater efforts.  He’d worked for this ride, damnit, and he was going to enjoy every aching minute.
Dean took a deep, cleansing breath, and let go.  Gripping the car hood with both hands, he shuddered through a long, powerful orgasm that was nearly painful in its intensity.  He felt the sensation of rhythmic swallowing against his cockhead as the other man wrung him dry.  Cas didn’t let up, maintaining suction until the post-orgasm sensitivity began to hurt.  Dean didn’t stop him, even then.
“Sam,” he greeted softly, his deep voice unnaturally loud in the solitude of early morning.
“You alright there, Cas?  Didn’t tear a muscle or anything?”
Cas knew without doubt what Dean would want him to do were he sufficiently cognizant to understand the choice Cas had before him.  So Castiel did what his hunter would ask of him; he abandoned Dean, leaving him to bear his torment alone.
Instead, he asked the one important question.  “What can I do for you?”
“Not exactly.  But something bad happened and I have to make sure it doesn’t happen again.  Okay?  Your brother is fine; we are all fine.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, glancing back at him.  “You okay?”  Sam looked similarly askance.
“Sweetcheeks?”
He wandered over to the prize corral amid myriad shoulder claps of celebration that made him ache.  Hiding the pain from the good-natured congratulations came easily, the result of long practice.
“Damn it,” Sam swore.  For the first time since their arrival, the large Alpha lost his cool stoicism and actually looked nervous.
Castiel nodded in acknowledgement, watching her glide smoothly into the night.
Oh, Mother moon.  Castiel shuddered at the thought of telling everyone.  The sheer number of hate letters from the pack’s single omegas alone would be enough to drown him.  And then there was Sam, and Ellen, and Benny, and Meg, and…yes, sleeping seemed like a much better option.
Castiel, well ‘Steve’ as he’d become his unfortunate de-Angeling courtesy of Metatron, cashed out the middle-aged female chatting away on her cell phone, moving with the ease of frequent practice.  Experience had taught him that attempting any form of articulation at this point was useless; the woman wouldn’t acknowledge him unless she found something amiss in how he handled her customer service.
Castiel halted at the stairs, taking a deep cleansing breath. That was a mistake.  Dean’s tantalizing personal scent filled his nostrils.  That scent never failed to send Castiel into a tailspin.  His inner omega felt simultaneously relaxed and protected, while at the same time it wanted, craved attention.  Castiel was well aware he had an unusually strong sexual response to Dean, and reining in his slutty omega side got harder all the time.
A soft brush of fabric at his side.  Sam shifted in annoyance, causing the busted old Chevy truck he was currently sitting atop to groan in metallic protest.  He was legitimately surprised the antiquated car had managed to support all his weight without falling to pieces.  The old tailgate appeared to be held together by rust, grit and a prayer.
Dean swung the rider around, ignoring the outraged squeak and the heavy thud of the bike falling to the ground behind them.
And now that the situation was reversed, Cas was more than nervous; he was fucking terrified.
“How…” gasp, “how do you feel about cowboys?”
“Angels don’t,” Dean agreed with Sam’s assertion, his reluctance to even speak on the topic obvious.  “But Jimmy Novak did.  And he was an Alpha.”
So saying, Dean stood up, dumped several slices of pizza onto Sam’s plate and took the rest of the box with him.   He was hungry, damn it.
Castiel closed his eyes, sagging heavily against the wall.  Of course.  He had a good thing here.  He had people who liked him, or at least tolerated him.  After years of wandering alone, considered an abberition by anyone who actually spent time with him, he’d finally found a place where he was free to be both an omega and a warrior and no one said he couldn’t or shouldn’t, or even thought it was an odd thing.  People were what they were here, and the pack worked with that.
“Hey,” Dean barked, seeing their emergence.  He strode over, taking his place alongside Sam.  “Everyone shut up and listen.”
Every time they made the trek to Persephone, the pack made a point to put a fighter in the Fifth Ring.  Clan Winchester was notoriously violent and ruthless, a reputation they’d worked hard to acquire and were meticulous to maintain.  A token fight here and there served to remind the locals why fucking with them was a truly terrible idea.
Sam was still several feet away when he froze, the smile disappearing from the man's handsome face.  He lifted his head, sniffing at the air.  Before Cas could say anything, the large alpha was striding up to him.  Ignoring any respect for personal space, Sam placed a hand on the back of Cas’ ruff, turning his head so that the back of his neck was bared to the Alpha’s gaze.
“Are you offering, beta?” Castiel asked, unconsciously wrapping his arms around his cramping abdomen.
“Did you pick someone as mentor?” Sam asked him.
“Please,” Cas moaned, “I need to come.  Need to…”
“Easy ladies,” Dean replied languidly, stretching his legs wide.  “There’s plenty of me to go around.”
“We have to discuss how we’re going to handle this,” Sam continued.  “There’s good reasons claiming during an omega's heat is against our laws.”
“He’ll wake two hours after sunrise, well rested and refreshed.  I’ve even ensured that he’ll have pleasant dreams.  Wasn’t that generous of me, all things considered?”
A tightness gripped Castiel’s chest at the thought of his stolen friend.  He envied Sam the surcease of rest.  It was not an escape available to him.  Sick of the confining halls, Castiel had made his way to the secondary supply room.  He shoved aside a heavy bookshelf and slipped into one the many escape hatches scattered throughout the Bunker.
“Yeah, dollars to donuts that accident was named Crowley.  Limey bastard,” Dean muttered.
“Jo,” Castiel said as she turned to leave.
He looked up as the next customer came to his queue, his hand subconsciously clenching tight around the little price scanner.  He was here; again.
“Yes,” Cas agreed.  “You should be flattered.  In a world full of options, I’m choosing you as my just reward.  It’d be wise to show some gratitude.”
Castiel didn’t bother to answer, tightening his core as the truck lurched into drive.  As soon as the trucks reached the paved path, the ride smoothed out considerably.  The truck must have amazing shocks.  The Pack must an excellent mechanic in their ranks.
Castiel shook his head to clear it, firmly dismissing her message with a subtle flick of two fingers.  He hopped out of the jeep and walked over, standing alongside the Winchesters.
Cas rolled over, for once in his life not arguing.  He took a wide stance, going down on his forearms, ass canted invitingly up.  He turned his head to look back, electric blue eyes daring Dean to do his worst.
“That would be great,” Sam told her, glaring down at the petite leprechaun of a lass.  “You’ve got to be good for something.”
The Alpha kissed fervently back, his tongue demanding access that Dean did not refuse.  Cas curled his legs, locking tight around Dean’s hips as he thrust up into his body.  The inner self that had taken control sang in approval as it felt an answering hardness slide up against his own. When Dean eventually broke the kiss for a much-needed gasp for air, Cas latched onto his neck sinking his teeth in deep and sucking.
Asa limped around the jeep, pulling a woman wrapped in a blanket out one side.  “She’s injured.  Hit by something big.  Right arm is broken as well as some ribs, I think.  She’s been out in the woods for a while, got some open wounds that smell infected. “
Dean’s turn.
“And you are an omega,” Castiel replied slowly.  It wasn’t a question.
“Where was I?  Ah yes, mutual pleasure.”  One of the girls sighed.
It was a bittersweet victory, but Castiel would take what he could get.
Dean grinned a toothy, smug smile.  “Oh yeah.  I even washed up in the stream on my way back.  ‘Cause I’m considerate that way.”
Fuck.  “Easy, tiger,” Dean wheezed.  “I’m good.  Just a bit whoozy.  Need a minute to recover, is all.”  His voice sounded like he’d swallowed gravel; felt like it too.
“Tell Crowley that I graciously accept his gift and I look forward to catching up with him next time we return to Persephone,” he growled sourly.  He turned back to where Crowley reclined on his dais.  Crowley grinned, toasting him with his glass.
This wasn’t a new thing.  Cas had always been fond of…well, petting for lack of a better word.  He could spend an hour just touching.  Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t enjoyed the angel’s focused attention, his clear admiration and pleasure in Dean’s body.  But that was before Cas had chosen to betray them.
Dean stood; wiping his hands clean of pie crumbs.  “Okay, then.  Let’s make it official.  Why don’t you go with Sam to his house, he’s got an adorable little office set up.”  Sam glared at his brother, gracing him with a very specific finger.
“Dean, ever since I became human, everything has been different.  But I’m still me.  Complete with the same memories, and body, desires…”
“Castiel, huh? Odd name,” the man commented lightly as they crossed the street to a small coffee house.
Sebastian guffawed, laughing brightly.  “No argument here, gorgeous.  So, this guy must be something special, huh.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he panted, forehead resting against Dean’s chest above him.  “I’m trying, but I can barely control myself.”
“Since you’re so well rested and all, how about you drive for a bit?”
“Nah, Anna’s a beta.  My brother is just a giant whore,” Sam replied casually, leading them out of the main area and up a hill towards wear a single pair of larger cabins were built at the border of the tree line.
Dean shrugged, grunting faintly when his shoulder screamed at him.  “It’s fine.  You weren’t exactly in a good position, as I recall.”
Dean wandered back to the bedroom, slowly opening the door.  Castiel was standing at the side of the bed.  He stood tall and beautifully naked, every muscle stretched taut.  He truly was a striking creature.  Strong, powerful thighs, a narrow waist, cock standing eagerly at attention against a dusting of pale hair that treasure trailed up to a nicely chiseled set of six-pack abs and wider shoulders than one would think, their width typically hidden beneath the suit and rain coat.
Dean sighed.  “Nothing, Cas.  It’s fine.  And I promise, I’m sore enough to accept some healing.  Here’s the thing.   You’re still somewhat in Alpha mode.  I already told you that you can’t necessarily trust that secondary nature.  It’s a vicious, possessive little bastard.  I think if you heal me it might try to drive you to attempt to restore something that I don’t want back.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, focusing on Cas eager cock.  “Not bad,” he told him, meeting his eyes with a wink.
“Dean.  Can I heal these?” He asked softly.  “They look painful.”
Sam raised an eyebrows, understanding filling his eyes.
“Did I do something?”
“So,” he began, glancing warily at his older sibling.  “Can we talk about it?”
The angel nodded.  He looked uncertain again.  Maybe a little lost.  Dean couldn’t have that.  He leaned down and placed a soft kiss on Cas’ mouth, letting his tongue slide gently against lips that parted in welcome.  He reached one arm around the angel and pulled him close, his lips dancing against the other man’s.
“Which of you boys are running this show, anyway?” Ellen asked.
Cas moved with purpose, his goal to get the hunter to the proverbial finish line fast and hard.  A very careful angel spark from his tongue worked along Dean’s length and he jerked, his intense orgasm almost taking him by surprise.
Dean collapsed on top of him in an exhausted, sated heap, lowering his legs back down. Castiel wrapped his arms around the other man and rolled them to their sides.  Dean’s eyes were closed as he panted, gulping in deep breaths of air.  Cas wasn’t much better; he may or may not have blacked out for a moment at the end, there.  Gradually their bodies calmed as they came down from a truly impressive pair of orgasms.
“Dean, I don’t understand.  Please explain this.”
“Sam,” Cas asked softly.  “Will Dean really be okay?  His behaviour didn’t appear to be merely the result of excessive alcohol ingestion.”
“Honestly, I’m not sure.  But I know he’s really good at being a dick,” Dean replied.  “Oh, and he’s about to go into heat.  So we have that joy to deal with as well.”
“New rule,” Dean told him darkly.  “You are absolutely forbidden to talk about sex with my brother around me.  Like, ever.  That’s just wrong, man.”
“Yeah, well.  Mike wore himself out earlier and I was able to sneak in a solid two hours of quality shut-eye before he got his second wind.  I’m up for the rest of the night, now,” Dean replied gesturing dismissively with one hand, as if that was perfectly normal.  For him, it probably was.
“So I’ve heard.  I’m Meg.”
Winking, Sam turned and strode away, disappearing around the corner of his home.
“How’d round two of Twister go?” Dean asked after a while.  He briefly wondered how Sam managed to get his overlong form onto the tiny mat.  He quickly quelched that line of thought.  It led in a direction Dean did not want his mind to go.
The Roadhouse, once home to her family and any packmates that needed a place to eat and crash, was burned nearly to rubble; the structural beams all that remained.  Given the level of char, they wouldn’t be long for the world, either.
Sam sighed.  “Fine.”  He got up, returned the chair to its original place and left the room.
Cas raised up on his forearms, glaring at the other man with a calculated challenge that never failed to rev the other man up.
“That feels so much better,” he rumbled in his familiar bass tone.
She sighed.  Her pack had never been big, a dozen or so families that lived around here and a handful of strays.  Traders mostly, helping run the Roadhouse and keep it supplied.  Plus another dozen or so permanent loaners quick with a gun and a willingness to use it.  It had always been enough.
“Now, now.  You know Winchesters don’t run from a fight, Sammy,” he told his brother, grinning toothily.
“I…” Cas struggled for words.  Dean waited, hoping he hadn’t broken his friend.
Dean had a mating bite, but he hadn’t taken in his partner’s.  It was going to start to really suck in a little while.  Despite everything that had just happened between them, Dean didn’t shake off his touch.
“In check for what?” Cas asked Sam, his eyes glued on Dean’s form as he walked away.  His lower half, always a fairly fine feature, was particularly enticing when in motion.
The three girls fell asleep as one, happy, sated looks on their faces.  If their sudden unconscious state seemed suspicious, well, it wasn’t anything Dean hadn’t anticipated.  He rolled onto his side Burt Reynolds style, buck-naked on a pile of clothes on the hay bale and waited expectantly.
He reached his arms around Dean’s quaking body, easing him to the ground.  “I have you,” he murmured, stroking his arms and back, allowing the omega to settle against him.
Cas cocked his head.  “That is true.  But I don’t think we will be welcome back to that brothel in the near future.”
--------
“What was I thinking?  I was thinking that we ran out of food three days ago, Dad!  This motel is in the middle of nowhere.  The credit card you left us was dead.  I was thinking that I couldn’t keep pressing my luck stealing from the only gas station within walking distance.  Eventually I’d get nabbed again.”
He only did it once.
Crowley side-eyed him, grinning that snarky gaze that never failed to make Dean want to punch a few of his teeth out.  There was no chance that this was a random prize.  Crowley knew very well how much the Winchester needed gunpowder.  No, this was a game for his own dark amusement, not to mention profit.
“Now, go get your brother and pack up the car.  It’s time to leave.”
“Dean.  What is it?”   Sam asked again.
Ah.  That made perfect sense.  Castiel’s mind fixated longingly on the thought of a motel room.  A private place, where he could sleep in relative quiet on a bed of his own, sounded infinitely preferable to a thready sleeping bag on a pile of popcorn boxes.
Sam was nearly completely certain that Dean had known for a long time that Sam was aware of his nocturnal extracurricular activities.  It’s not like either Dean or Castiel were blessed with the gift of subtlety.  But Cas wasn’t really Cas anymore.   Not now that he was full to bursting with millions of stolen souls.  And if he was still coming to Dean in the middle of the night…
The angel hissed at the sensation, straightening up and taking the shirt with him.  Dean tilted his head enough to allow the other man to slide it all the way off.   He placed his palms flat against the cool metal of the Chevy, framing the angel’s lean hips.
“Well, it wasn’t fun,” Dean replied with a shrug.  “Hurt like a mother fucker until it all healed up.  But it’s done and I don’t need to worry about it anymore.”
Dean had power on his side and used it, employing his arm strength to assist his thighs in fast, powerful movements, slamming down onto Cas’ lap with each thrust, squeezing the muscles of that delightful ass to tighten that perfect seal around his dick.  Castiel felt himself approaching completion far sooner than expected, and he took Dean’s dick in hand, wanting his omega come with him.
Dean hid his relief under his familiar mask of bitterness and sarcasm.  It wasn’t difficult.  “Yeah, Cas.  You’re a real prince among deities.  Now what the hell do you want?”
Life continued, and like a good Winchester, Cas found it in himself to move forward as well.
“What? What do you mean, no?”
Cas didn’t know, so he didn’t reply.
“School provides…” John began, but was interrupted.
“Right,” Dean muttered.  “Ellen, meet Castiel.  Castiel, this nice lady is Ellen Harvelle.  Our pack runs a little differently than most.  We have three Alphas.  Sam, Ellen, and me.  Shock me and say hi to Ellen.”
Castiel had miscalculated; Dean getting out of the shower was hardly an improvement.  But Dean was safely out of the hot spray.  Castiel should vacate the hotel, leave the human to finish drying and garb himself.  Even Dean was unlikely to sustain a grievous injury pulling on a pair of jeans.
“Not exactly,” he growled, roughly forcing Dean to his belly.  He slammed a knee into the small of Dean’s back, roughly pinning him there while he unbuttoned his pants.
“Yes?” Cas asked.
The few people willing to discuss having that particular surgery called it the worst pain they’d ever endured, most strongly advocated for therapy afterward.  Those that chose the surgery were usually deeply damaged from bad relationships or childhood traumas.  Others had family trying to force them to take a mate not of their choosing and felt this was the only way out.  The individuals Sam profiled were a mixed bag, but they all had one thing in common.  At the root of all their reasoning, it came down to trying to protect their most vulnerable spot.
Ellen Harvelle has the ruined remains of a roadhouse, a few dozen broken packmates, one very spry beta daughter, and not much else.  Well, that and some freaking amazing moonshine.  The weary Alpha has one play left to save what's left of her pack.
Dean slammed the crate onto the ground.  His arm throbbed like an unholy bitch, his ribs burned with every breath, and he was well past done with this shit.
Sam shrugged.  “I don’t think so. None that I can remember, anyway.”  In point of fact, he felt better well rested than usual.  He might actually have gotten a few hours of honest to god rest.
Dean didn’t give any warning before opening his mouth and sliding soft lips halfway down Cas’ cock.  Time to get this mouth party started.  The startled moan his move elicited was extremely satisfying, spurring him on to greater efforts.  This was Cas’ first blowjob, and maybe his last.  Dean thoroughly intended to make it memorable.
Naomi narrowed her eyes.  “Remember, this was your choice, Winchester.  A bad one.  You can shoot every one of us right here and now, and our people will come back with an army. We’ll wipe your entire Pack out of existence.”
Maybe Dean shouldn’t have called him a shitty lay.  But he’d been hurting, on several different levels, and pain always drove him say things he probably shouldn’t.  No matter, he’d heal up in a day or two.  There had only been a little blood, and after a hot shower and a couple of Tylenol, the throbbing had receded to more of a dull ache.
Which was why it took Cas completely by surprise when Dean’s orgasm tore through his own self-control, causing him to erupt into the other man, draining Cas into an endorphin-induced haze of divine exhaustion.
It had been a few weeks since Michael had disappeared wearing Dean as his new meat suit.  Cas was engaged in his usual nocturnal activity of pacing the empty bunker through the night.  What else was there to do during the hours Sam slept?  There was only so much time Cas could spend hounding Jack.  And the other-world hunters were understandably uncomfortable with his presence among them.  So he paced.
“How much are you wanting to trade?”  Sam asked, eyeing the treasure carefully, choosing to ignore the flirtation.
Whatever the case, finding a partner at The Jolly Roger who was interested in doing the horizontal mambo with him didn’t take long.  Dude even paid for their drinks.  He was good-looking guy, too.  6’1, built, with an open face that hid nothing.  Exactly what Dean had been looking for.  Dean didn’t bother with finding accommodations for them.  He’d parked the Impala far away in a dark corner for a reason.
Sam stepped slightly forward.  “By now you’ve all heard we’re hosting a rival Alpha.  This is Ellen Harvelle, Alpha of the Harvelle pack.  They ran the old Roadhouse.”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Yeah, I need to speak to you about something.  I’m going to ask you a question, and you’re going to answer it.”
Dean pulled himself up to rest his muscular forearms at either side of Cas' shoulders, displaying a taunt chest above delightfully chiseled abs.  “You have a smart mouth, did you know that?  Not wise for a man in your position.”
Cas wasn’t fixing Sam; he’d made it clear that that particular boat had sailed back when Dean and Bobby had tried to stop him from opening Purgatory.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean murmured, taking several steps back, palms up.  “Never mind.  Forget I said anything.”
“Tell me you want it,” Dean murmured, rough voice husky with lust.  It took nearly everything Cas had to stay silent.
A brief flicker of pressure on Dean’s lips and he heard motion, Cas sliding back down to the ground.  He didn’t hesitate to take Dean’s cock back between his lips, sliding his mouth up and down his rock-hard shaft in a smooth, measured pace.
Castiel.
Cas narrowed his eyes but didn’t comment.  They laid together, simply enjoying being in each other’s arms.  It wasn’t long until Cas started to get restless, the familiar itching burn quickly building.
And his Mate.
Fucking hell.  Cas was going to fucking murder him.  No help for it.  “Yes,” he gritted out. “That is what I want.”
Cas dropped his gaze, not answering.
The sound of a cap popping echoed through the quiet a moment later, and he bit back a sigh of relief.  Dean had done this without lube a time or two before, and it generally ended bloody.  The last time, he’d been nearly feral, the loss of a friend during a hunt driving him to new heights in his need for distraction.  He’d needed the pain, then, and Castiel, a soldier and no stranger to the crushing weight of loss, had obliged, though he’d healed Dean within minutes of their mutual completion.  That was the Cas he used to trust.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Dad paid for it, okay?  It was my birthday gift.  Are we done with the 20 questions? Because there’s a very angry fish I need to get back to.”  He rolled back to his belly and pointed the remote at the tv, restarting the shark attack.
Shaking his head, Cas turned to go back inside.  No doubt his moody mate would have a fit that Cas smelled like another alpha and would want to mark him as his, rub his own scent all over Cas’s body.  Blinking at the thought, Castiel hastily made his way back to his home.
“So, new guy.  You got a weapon on you?” Jo asked a bit later.
Castiel leaned forward, listening intently.  This was better than he’d hoped.  Actual, practical knowledge from an experienced human.
Taking a deep breath, although technically he didn’t need to breathe, Castiel reached for the knob, opened the door and stepped inside.
“Heya, Bobby,” her bright voice chirped over the line.  “Long time since we talked, yeah?”  Bobby leaned back, staring at the phone a second.
They wound their way through the underbrush, the hidden path zigzagging in a clever maze.  Ellen was impressed.  One could always burn through the grass, of course, but they’d be sitting ducks while they did it.
“As soon as we unlock, I will beat you,” Cas threatened.
“Thanks,” he muttered to Cas.
Whispers filled the area, murmurs as final bets were placed.
“It appears we have a winner,” Crowley called out.  He gestured with both arms, the crowd obediently quieting at the gesture.  “Bonus bets close in one minute.  Dean, my darling, you have two minutes to claim your hard-won prize.  Choose wisely.”  It was a farce, of course. Crowley knew exactly what Dean would choose.
The man could forgive damn near anything done to him, but God above help the fool who dared hurt anyone he cared about.  Cas was still surprised Dean had forgiven him for breaking Sam’s mind.  He probably never would have, if Castiel hadn’t sacrificed his own sanity to undo the damage he’d wrought.  Dean understood sacrifice, too.
Against a powerful, blooded fighter like Dean Winchester, he didn’t stand a chance.  Not anymore.  Castiel found himself uncomfortably nervous, trapped as he was in the cradle of the other man’s muscular arms.
Cas reached into Dean’s underwear with the arm not wrapped securely around Dean’s torso and slid his aching cock out into open air.  He wrapped nimble fingers firmly around the organ and began stroking.
He bolted forward, crouching down just in time to grab his brother’s arm as the blade’s edge bit into the fallen soldier’s neck.  A bright red bead of blood spouted at the knife’s tip, dripping in a steady ruby stream into a puddle on the dusty ground.
But holy hell the man smelled good.  Dean had never scented anyone like him.  Castiel smelled like baked apples and cinnamon, with a sharp bite of winter storm.  That luscious scent was everything that was good and right in the world, and Dean wanted nothing more than to take the omega in his arms and roll around with him until that unique scent saturated him to the skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looked better, sliding into the passenger seat while Dean walked around and climbed in behind the wheel.  He started the engine and turned the car back in the direction of the dilapidated house they’d made their temporary abode.  They had an archangel to catch.
“But are you okay?”  Not being physically hurt wasn’t the same thing as okay.  He’d learned that lesson the hard way over the last decade.
Dean sat up, thighs still locked around Cas’ hips.  “There.  That oughtta take the edge off for a minute,” he muttered softly.
“My pleasure,” Castiel replied sincerely.
“Oh, you can take it however you want,” Dean replied with a wink.
And that’s when young Sam had realized all his painstaking research on the dual-natured was useless.  Because if his strong, brave, tough-as-nails, and yes, bossy, brother was an omega, then he literally understood nothing about what the sub-types really meant.
Dean remembered every second of his time trapped as the unwilling host to a crazed Archangel.  His mind screamed the truth, even as his sincere, guileless green eyes compelled them to buy into his crap.
Sam slid around the hood to see Cas, clothes disheveled, hair an unruly mess, marching a cuffed and completely unrepentant Deanmon towards the truck.  If his brother was walking with a limp, Sam decided to believe he’d been injured during his capture. It would also explain all the rapidly healing scratches and bruises along his neck and arms.  Yeah, that was it.  Any other thought made his brain bleed.
-------------------
“Christ,” Dean rumbled.  “Have you ever heard of afterglow? Because you are seriously killing the mood, buddy.”
Dean absently reached up and pressed his palm against the red handprint seared into the flesh of his shoulder.  He swore it pulsed beneath his fingers in response.
“Cas, no. We agreed not to do this any more.”
No. He could never be casual with Dean.  One taste and Castiel would want more, would want everything with the man.  And even if by some miracle Dean was on board with that, Cas was not.  He’d decided years ago that he would never voluntarily mate with an Alpha, never be sublimated, a creature ruled by his designation.
“What were you thinking, popping a wheelie on that road?  It’s practically paved with loose rock.  You’re gonna break your fool neck.”  He set the rider down, far more gently than his gruff tone suggested.
--------------------------
The pack had needed a strong deterrent to protect their increasing numbers from raiders and thieves. Rather than subjecting Sam to that life, Dean had taken over the entirety of the job on himself.  He’d grown up rough; his father's pet boogyman.  As far back as he could remember, it had been his job to fight and kill anyone that threatened his people or territory.  That much blood spilled so young changed a person.
Nonetheless, folk gamely climbed through the remains, covered head to toe in thick protective garb, their faces covered in hankies in an attempt to keep their lungs clear of the grainy smoke, hoping to find enough pieces of packmates to identify who was in the wreckage and salvaging anything worth keeping or selling.
Blonde Head Pillow made a noise of protest when her hands were dislodged from his nipples.  Dean wasn’t a fan either, but he’d get back to that.
So many reasons.  Because he was worried he would lose a piece of himself.  Because he’d never reacted to anyone the way he did with Dean.  Because the more Castiel wanted something, the more likely it was he’d lose it.  Because he was scared…
Sam took a deep, soothing breath.  He was so freaking tired.  He didn’t remember falling asleep but he must’ve dozed because he hadn’t noticed right away when the birds stopped singing.
“Always.” Dean replied with a hard grin. “Weapons?”
Ellen’s mate had loved the place as much as she did, Mother Moon shine on him.   He’d given her a daughter as tough her mother but caring like her dad.  And now it was gone.  This was the only life Jo had ever known, gone completely to rubble.  There was nothing left to build on, and certainly no money for supplies.
“Yeah, well.  This is hardly the first time someone in this family did something they regret under the impulse of a spell.  Dean understands.”
It wasn’t all Sam had smelled, but he kept that part too himself.  Dean was on the cusp of losing it.  His eyes had adopted an ominous red glow behind the soft green that Cas adored, and a brief sheen of impending violence skittered  across his retinas.  Anyone with a hint of common sense would see the warning for what is was and find a reason to remove their body as far from the vicinity as possible.  Sam, of course, clearly wasn't going anywhere.
Dean stalked toward him, placing his palms on the wall at either side of Cas’ head, boxing him in.  Castiel had always known Dean was strong, but it had never affected him with the immediacy of their current position.  He swallowed back nerves, the unfamiliar bitter copper taste of adrenaline a coating his tongue.  He found himself leaning back as far into the wall as the unforgiving plaster allowed.
“I’ll fight in the name of Clan Winchester,” he roared.  “Who out there wants a piece of this?!"
At his wife’s gentle pull, Emmanuel turned away.
Dean groaned.  “That is fucking fighting dirty,” he growled.  Castiel chuckled, the sound muffled as his mouth was stuffed with Alpha cock.
Sam closed the door softly behind him.  He caught up with his brother in the map room on the way to the garage.  Just as well.
Dean was no dumb knothead who didn’t understand the meaning of ‘no’.  But he knew how the world worked, and it was seldom in an omega’s favor.  Still, the idea that Castiel thought Dean would be like that, well, it took the wind right out of his alpha sails.  Dean never went where he wasn’t expressively, enthusiastically wanted.  Fundamental ethics aside, his ego would never allow it.
After as much thought on all this as he could bear, Castiel went in search of Sam.  Finding him wasn’t hard.  The lanky alpha was teaching tracking fundamentals to teenagers.  Apparently tracking, as well as basic fighting and weapon care was something every member of the pack was expected to learn.
“Now, that’s just a base description of physical positions.  It has nothing to do with dominant, or submissive behaviors, no matter what one may think.  Plenty of men on the receiving side are as tough as it comes; they simply like what they like.  You may hear the phrase ‘pushy bottom’ with this type of person.  Now, that can be fun.  It can also be aggravating as hell,” Sebastian added, rolling his eyes with a fond smile.
“I look forward to you trying,” Dean replied, his tone sated and lazy.
“Quiet alpha, yea,” Meg agreed.  “It’s a noted sub-designation.  Very rare.  He doesn’t go into rut, which eases the concern of a lot of the more tetchy folks around here.  He also doesn’t go around blowing hormones and stinking up the place, either.  But take my word for it, he’s a powerhouse of a ride.  And he’s considerate.  Makes you breakfast the next morning, you know?”   She nudged Cas teasingly.
But he wasn’t a child anymore.  And from and adult perspective, he could better understand the weight of the situation placed on his brother with painful clarity.  Their father needed fighters, warriors to carry on the Family work.  Traits that popular opinion painted as very un-omega.
She was bat-shit crazy, borderline psychotic, and definitely among the top ten hunters he’d ever run across.  Wasn’t too keen on the research though.  Last he’d heard, she’d hooked up with a historian.  The man couldn’t hunt a blind puppy, but he was a whiz at getting Daisy the info she needed.  She hadn’t had much need to call on Bobby since then.
Gadreel took up the bottle, filling his shot glass with a hand that shook.  Half the glass spilled before he was able to fully lift it.  He set it back down, carefully refilled it, gingerly raised it to his lips and swallowed.
“A bit,” Ellen replied with a sigh.  “Plus side, looks like Ash is gonna pull through. Touch and go, still, but he’s hanging in there.”
Dean kissed back with equal force, meeting him and then surpassing his efforts.  His hands came up to frame Cas’ face in a way that was surprisingly gentle, holding him still under Dean’s onslaught.
Dean nodded, “Yes, that’s exactly what I was thinking at the time.”
“So,” Dean huffed, looking over at Cas.  His eyes glittered with a sparkle of familiar mischief. “Come here often?”
Sam grinned, relieved to see his brother up and about and so relaxed.  And hungry.  Best possible outcomes.  He disappeared into the kitchen to grab beer and plates, returning to see that Dean hadn’t waited for such extravagance before digging in.
Dean wanted to give the omega his desired space.  But he also had to make it clear the he was welcome, both for Castiel himself and as an example to the rest of the pack.  Sooner or later his heat would demand a response, whether Castiel liked it or not, and since he was clearly unwelcome, Dean needed to make sure the path was clear for others who may be more suitable to the omega’s tastes.  And didn’t that thought just suck.
That was all it took.  Dean stiffened, whimpering as he orgasmed, cock untouched.  Castiel gentled his tongue, easing the strokes against Dean’s hole until it was clear even that was too much sensation.  A shame. Dean tasted so good.  He would definitely revisit that later.
“Excellent.  One would be the ‘top’ if they were the do-er, the man who will be doing the penetrating.  Also called ‘pitcher’ if you are into sports metaphors.”
But Benny had been sniffing after a lovely brunette brewer that seemed to reciprocate his interest. Castiel didn’t want to interfere with that.  He didn’t know whom to decide on now.
He’d watched several training sessions, and been assigned a future date to spend some time one on one with a trainer to evaluate his skills.  Castiel was looking forward to seeing the look on the man’s face.
During their last trip to Persephone the sacrificial fighter was the only non-blood Winchester member of the Pack’s leadership triumvirate, Ellen Harvelle.  The well-seasoned Alpha had volunteered to fight this time as well, but Dean had called dibbs.  Primarily because it was his turn, dammit, but also because Ellen had brutally killed her last opponent.  Dean had been with her for that fight; even he had to admit that it had been an unnecessary kill.  Ellen was vicious, but she didn’t have the low-key rage that always simmered just below Dean’s iron control.  Killing a downed opponent just wasn't in her nature.  Dean suspected that the man had said something about Ellen’s daughter, but she wouldn’t admit to anything.  Regardless, she didn’t need to be going back in there any time soon.
Once deeply seated, Cas took Dean’s other wrist back in hand, pressing him against the wall with all his strength and weight.  He began thrusting, snapping his lean hips at a bruising pace.
The bikes pulled up to the circle.  The rider of the trailered bike hopped off with an overly dramatic leg swing and stood.  He removed his helmet, revealing short cut blond hair, light blue eyes, and a saucy smile.
“No apology necessary,” Emmanuel replied calmly,  “Take care, Sir.”
Dean collapsed next to him, curling them on their sides as comfortably as possible.  He felt around until he found an unsoiled sheet and tucked it over their joined bodies.
The blonde, Tanya, or was it Tasha, (who cared?), looked into his eyes, her fingers carting across his scalp.  “I’m not sure I agree.  I think that would definitely be something that would benefit the one individual.”
“Sounds like a mouthful,” one of them remarked.  He wasn’t sure which.
Tucking himself into the warmth of his contentedly snoring mate’s body, Castiel felt strong arms unconsciously close possessively around him.  He closed his eyes and fell into a deep peaceful sleep.
“What’s fine? Castiel asked, wandering into the room.
Castiel could appreciate the sentiment, even if he had no practical knowledge.  The place he’d grown up in had never really felt like home, and since the day he’d left he’d wandered aimlessly, never finding somewhere he was willing to settle.
Ellen took a seat at the heavy, hand carved desk, taking time to write every part of the recipe, every variety, every variable her mind could conjure up.  This moonshine was her legacy; it was all she had to leave behind for her people.  For her daughter.
“There’s nothing there.  It’s just a mass off scar tissue and healed muscle.  Dean.  What happened?”
What in the hell?  Castiel glanced up at Sam, but the Alpha was focused on their opponents.
Castiel didn’t know enough to argue that point.  But he did know that he and corn were not friends.  But all plants needed bees, and he’d found that permanently trading his farming duties to oversee the Pack’s thriving bee colony an easy bargain.
“Sleep well?” Sam asked, stowing his bag in the trunk.
She hugged back, smiling brilliantly before extricating herself from his hold.
It had been going on for some time.  Years.  Every once in a while, when Dean would fall into his darkest place, his subconscious mind did something.  Cas was positive that Dean had no idea he was doing it.  But when things really sucked, when Dean was so far in over his head that he couldn’t find his way to light with a flare gun; he thought of Castiel.  He thought about him so hard that it ceased to be mere yearnings, and transcended into Prayer.
“Sam, that isn’t what I mean.  I understand that Dean is very, very good. But he can’t win, not against one of them.”
Most of the towns had some degree of organization or guardianship.  But Persephone was a whole other kettle of fish.  It was a law unto itself, generally the law of survival of the fittest.  And because Dean’s pack were the type of people they were, the town’s risky nature only made them want to come along all the more.
“Castiel,” Sam said.
When Dean didn’t answer, Cas lifted his body weight up, pulling away.  At least he’d gotten to taste Dean, feel the hunter’s pleasure as he writhed for him.  It would have to be enough.
“Well?” Sam asked.
“Okay,” Sam replied cautiously.  What was with the names on these people?  “What do you want?”
Dean looked up, his eyes casting around the empty room, his smile teasing.
“No, Dean.  You really don’t.”  Cas leaned forward, claiming the other man’s lips in a savage kiss.  He may not be an Angel, or quite as powerful a human as Dean, but he wasn’t a doormat, either.  Cas was plenty strong enough to handle his Hunter.  And he certainly wasn’t going to give this up because of irrational fear.
Sam cocked his head in silent question.
“Thank you, Asa.  Now get yourself over to the medical tent before you pass out.”
This was so very Sam.  The kit was clearly not something he’d come up with on the spot. He’d researched what omegas might need and painstakingly gathered those things, just in case.  Some of it was unnecessary, the information probably from some medical site written by nulls.   But a few of the items Sam had included were surprisingly insightful.
It was strange how even Dean’s psychic screams were muffled, strangled by the sensation of water clogging his nose, his throat, filling his lungs and suffocating him with every breath.
Stupid heat.
“Oh, I trust you plenty,” Dean replied languidly.  He stretched out on the bed, letting his legs go long and lax.  “That Alpha you got lurking inside though?  Him, not so much.  They like to pull some shit.  But in this case it has nothing to do with trust.  Have a look.”
“Cas,” he growled in warning.
-------------
Cas looked better.  Subdued, clearly exhausted, but finally, completely free all traces of spell or hormones that had been riding him the last several days.
“Don’t be like that.  A list of folk willing and able to help that you can trust to do right by you is no small thing.”
Technically true.  But Cas very seldom left on time; it wasn’t as if he had anywhere to be.  Typically, once he couldn’t validate loitering any longer, he hid in the storeroom until the store closed for the night and it was safe to emerge.
Stunned by her bluntness, and not sure what the right answer was, Castiel didn’t answer.
Dean opened his mouth to respond but Cas shoved his tongue in before he could get a word out.  Dean kissed back like a man on a mission.  He poured everything he had into that kiss; desperation, lust, desire, and love.  He kissed like Castiel was the most important thing in his life.
When he was done melting Sam’s eyes, Cas could do his eardrums too.  Or, better still, completely erase the last half hour from his brain entirely.  Sam looked over to Cas to find his friend was now standing, perfectly balanced, on the upper edge of the of the side of the truck, his trench coat flowing faintly around him in a nonexistent breeze.  His eyes were glowing.
She pulled off, coughing wetly, watering eyes meeting his in embarrassment.  “You were right,” Dean told her with a teasing smirk.  “Definitely a skilled move.”
Dean eased him gently onto bed, reaching over to pull something up from behind the headboard.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Castiel told Dean, his tone absolute.
Cas slid to his knees in a smooth, elegant motion.  Dean started talking the moment his tongue was freed; still denying, still trying to explain why this was a bad idea.  But his body was fully on board, at attention and ready.  Castiel put a hand on Dean’s cock, firmly massaging through the denim.   Dean’s words became gargled, devolving to a low, throaty groan.  Got him.
Dean needn’t have worried.  Just a few strokes later and Cas thrust deep, his cock buried to the root in Dean’s throat, and stayed there.  Dean wasn’t getting enough air, his nose was stopped up from all the fluid and he felt the first dizzying hint that passing out was a very real possibility.  He wrapped his hand around the base of Cas cock and squeezed, constricting his throat at the same time.
In that moment, there was only one thought filtering through Castiel’s mind.  Castiel wanted Dean.  And he was keeping him.
Throughout the years, Cas had had to fight the very real and disturbingly frequent urge to smack that particular expression off his Hunter’s gorgeous face.  He had actually done so, in fact, and more than once.  A quick flash of shame directly followed that impulse, as it always did when he thought about the many times he’d beaten Dean senseless.  The unwelcome memories of the feel of the bones in Dean’s face crushed to a sticky paste beneath his fist caused him to clench his hands.
“But Cas.  You need to get this. I mean really get it.  You do not go off with enemies, or run away cuz you think it’s the right thing to do.  You’re ours now.  As entitled to aid and protection as anyone else in this Pack. I’m your Alpha.  It’s my job to protect all of my people.  I can and will fight for you.  That’s what I do.”
Dean grinned, sitting up, though he kept his thighs locked tight around Cas’ waist.  He shrugged out of the sweaty t-shirt.  “If you move,” Dean warned, “I’m going to educate you on what ‘tickling’ is, and you will not like it.”
Angels, amiright? Can't live with 'em, can't bang 'em.  Well, shouldn't, anyway.
Sam peered over Dean’s shoulder and took a deep breath, sampling the air.  A moment later he chuffed softly in annoyed recognition, shoulders settling as he relaxed.
He flipped through the captured images, realizing there were far more than ‘a few’ photos of Dean on his phone.  Strange.  He didn’t remember deliberately taking so many.  Though Dean was extremely photogenic.  Finally he settled on one he’d taken from a side view of Dean leaning over the open hood of his vehicle, slightly dirty and oil smeared.  Castiel had taken it with the intention of keeping a picture of the Winchester’s vehicle on hand, should he need assistance in finding it sometime.  But he seemed to have cut off the majority of the Impala, the image focusing almost entirely on Dean instead.  Odd.
Cas tore his head out of Dean’s grip and flipped onto his back, gulping deep, needy breaths of air.  Dean crashed onto the bed next to him, panting.  Heh.  Dean got the wet spot.
Rumor had it that the Rafe twins were large.  Rumor was a fucking liar.
“What?” Cas and Sam both asked, nearly in tandem. It was almost comical.
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d not felt hunger, much less been truly full.  One thing he could say about the Winchester pack, they were enthusiastic in their welcome of new members, and generous in their care.
“I’m sure.”
Castiel allowed the contact, his omega easing a little at being marked.  He could handle himself alone, but omegas never really tolerated roving solo well.
The savage bite over the mating gland at the back of his neck throbbed, an aching reminder to the unexpected direction his life had taken.  He rubbed at the mark, gut tightening at the accompanying rush of shame as he recalled what had happened.  What he’d taken, he told himself firmly.  He wouldn’t sugar coat his actions, even in his own mind.  He didn’t have the right.
Cas nodded.  “As soon as I can get the handcuffs off.”
Calming his mental patterns into smooth waves, Castiel reached out and placed two fingers on the sleeping hunter’s forehead.  Sam instantly stopped thrashing, his body settling as Cas pumped soothing emotions into him.  Fatigue came to Cas faster than he would have preferred, and he soon had to stop before he collapsed.  Thankfully, it had been enough.  Sam was now deeply asleep, his mind at a place beyond dreams.
Dean took after their mother. Like her father before her, she’d been born with a secondary nature, though ‘lone-wolf’ was an extremely rare sub-designation.  Dean could only wish he’d picked up that share of the genetics lottery.  But no.
Dean shrugged, the movement tugging at where they were tied. Cas grunted at the uncomfortable jostling.
“Lay down, Cas. Arms over your head.  My willingness to bang you does not extend to broken bones.”
“Dean has excellent musculature and supreme endurance,” Cas muttered in agreement from his spot on the truck, blue eyes locked on the distance scene.  He sounded grouchy.
Bobby sat in the car, staring at nothing.  He’d just spent the better part of a day stalking Mrs. Daphne Allen while she ran errands, her husband in tow.  Or the man that she claimed as such, anyway.  Bobby hadn’t found any paperwork making it legal, but he’d seen a generic kinko-quality certificate hung in the hallway of their home when he’d snuck in to take a peak around.  Not a big deal in and of itself, lots of folks didn’t bother involving the government in their personal lives.
“Why have we stopped the car?”
Castiel blinked his eyes, attempting to adjust to the unfiltered dawn light.  It’d been a solid four days, moving into five, since he’d seen the light of day beyond a dim haze hidden behind thick curtains.  It was past time he step outside the house and reacquaint himself with the outdoors.
“Help you fight it?” Dean asked, needing to be clear.  “As far gone as you are, it’s dangerous.  Also, I’m really not the best at that…”
Dean turned, striding to the back of the jeep.  He dug around in the weapon box a bit before returning with a large, empty crate in one hand.   In the other he held a pair of squat, round glasses and three bottles of Hunter’s Helper tucked in crook of his arm.
“Then what is happening?” Sam repeated, his frustration showing.
This is a long one.  I hope you're into hurt/comfort.  Spoiler alert:  Destiel. I will go down with this ship.  Also, I only write happy endings...
Dean followed Meg’s glance, eyes widening as he witnessed Castiel, former soldier of God, later the actual God, and leader of Heaven’s Rebellion II, try desperately to pretzel his body in such a way that he could manage to get his left hand on blue while successfully maintaining a reverse bridge.  In his defense, he managed it…for about 2 seconds before his poor vessel collapsed on the mat in a tangled heap of crazy-ward white and trench coat.
Whatever Dean read in Cas’ expression, it drained the languid heat from the other man’s expression faster than a bucket of ice water.  He leaned back, gaze becoming guarded, the previous openness hidden behind his familiar cool, emotionless mask.
Castiel watched.
“Why not?” Crowley answered with a shrug.   “Might be good for a lark.  One blade each, 12 inches.”  The crowd cackled.  A blade of that length would be little more than a toothpick against Dean’s monster of an opponent.
Dean grinned. “Sixteen.”
And then Dean was gone.  Just like that.  Without so much as a word.  Castiel’s relief instantly gave way to personal affront.  Was he not worth even a cursory scenting?  The Alpha hadn’t given a single sniff back, much less responded to Castiel radiating desire at him.  Castiel was an excellent specimen of an omega, thank you very much.  And he was nearly in heat, damn it!  He deserved a little interest.
Maybe now, with Dean’s secondary nature out in the open, Sam might actually learn something.  Reigning in his curiosity for the moment, Sam closed out the search window.  He had a witch to track.
He looked into Cas’ eyes, every inch the Alpha.  “You want to make it better? Then turn around, Castiel.  Offer me your neck.”
Reality of course, proved different.  Alphas beat their chests, asserted dominance, and knotted anything that moved while fighting amongst themselves like drunken bears.  Betas selectively followed orders and tried to manage alpha bullshit, while resenting their own status and taking it out on omegas and each other.  Omegas submitted to everyone, went into heat, became pregnant, and were called sluts and whores for being victim to their bodies needs.
Castiel watched Sam wander away back towards his home.  No time like the present.  He cautiously approached the small fire.
“What did I do wrong?” he asked.
Dean growled low, a deep, ominous sound that originated at the base of his chest and rumbled to the surface. The folk closest around him eyed him uneasily, several deciding to strategically step away from his immediate vicinity.  Smart of them.  Dean was in no mood for bullshit.
“Aw, none of that.  You’re making me blush.  Now if you’ll kindly excuse me, I’m going to put myself down for a well earned nap.”
John Winchester in his wisdom, chose to build the Pack home over the bones of an old, decayed town.  This meant that over the years they were able to resurrect a number of amenities, including generator-based electricity and plumbing, to most of the structures.  It was but one of his many choices that allowed the Pack to flourish.
“I was in the area,” he told the ex-angel who was currently glaring at him across the coffee-stained counter.  “I’m starving and was getting ready to head out to grab some grub.  Wondered if you’d like to tag along?”
Slowly, teasingly, Dean angled the device until he was able to slide it into Cas’ ass, even bound flat as he was. It was a small toy, slim. It fit easily, only a little snug in his unprepared hole.  The vibrations were a new kind of agony, the toy short enough that it cheerfully buzzed just below his prostate.  Another fucking tease.
He watched as a dark figure padded boldly to the fire with silent strides.  Impressive that such a large man could move so quietly.  The lack of acute violence in the well-guarded camp suggested this man was pack.  Castiel risked a deep, analytical breath.
“Last chance, Castiel.  I’ve lost the right to compel you to come with us.  But it isn’t too late to choose it.  We are your people.  You belong with us in a way you never will any were else and you know it.  Come home.  This is your only chance.  If we leave without you, you will be stricken from our ranks. Permanently.”
Dean smirked, nodding.  “Oh, yeah.  Eight thick, glorious, delicious inches.”
A set of guards rode atop each of the covered cargo vehicles, both heavily armed and wary-eyed.  Jody and Jo had parked out on top of the lead truck.  Sam was placed at the back of the rear vehicle, one of the jeeps, assuming the position of rear guard.
With a tired grin, Dean wandered off across the open meadow to the cabin closest to Sam’s.  Sam leaned against the porch rail, watching as a petite shape materialized against the dawn light to meet his brother, rising on tip-toe to wrap her arms around him.  Dean bent down and accepted Ellen’s hug, holding her close for just a tad longer than usual, then made his way up the stairs and inside the house.
Cas leapt from the truck, landing nimbly onto the ground.  He came to Sam’s side and yanked the metal cuffs from his hands.  “Give me those.  I’ll go capture Deanmon.  At the pace he’s been maintaining, he’s only good for another 13 minutes.”
Castiel could feel the change in the air on the morning of their fifth day.  There was markedly less grumpiness all around, and people consistently paused in their duties, staring out east.
“I’m surprised that my touching this area doesn’t bother you,” Cas admitted.  “Many of these marks are perilously located.  It’s flattering that you trust me this intimately, but I wasn’t exactly in my right mind of late.”
“That’s a good thing,” Dean replied, a hint of relief in his expression.  “You have enough nightmares.”
His audience came alive with catcalls and jeers.  It had more than doubled in number, word of mouth apparently faster than wildfire.  Bets were flowing hot and heavy.  Whatever Crowley had paid out for his prizes, he’d easily double it.  Dean hated to admire the bastard, but he had to admit, Crowley had always been a clever one.
“Just thought I’d sweeten the pot a bit,” he announced with a grin.  “Seeing as how your opponent is a literal giant.”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “I guess we should go make with the introductions.  Who knows, we may even be graced with a name.”
She paused.  “Look Bobby, you know I’ll kill about anything that needs killing.  But this guy? I don’t know what the hell he is, but he completely healed Jason’s arm.  The docs managed to salvage some, but they said it was mostly cosmetic; he’d never recover the use of it.
“Ask away,” he told her, moving his mouth to nuzzle the other breast.
Fortunately, they were nearly done and inside an hour, Persephone would be a pile of stinking dust in their review mirror.   Dean glanced over to where Jody and their new omega sat chatting.  Jo said he’d finally coughed up a name.
Eight guards just for her.  How many fighting grade packmates did the Winchesters have that they could so easily spare that many bodies?
“Aww, Bobby, what kind of boring old house wife do you take me for?  You know that’s no fun.  But while I got you beholden to me and all that, can you tell me anything you may have heard about spider men?  And I don’t mean the friendly neighborhood kind.”
Cas lost his grip on his legs, collapsing in heap, distantly aware of a surge of pressure in his ass as Dean slammed his knot home, spilling inside Cas and locking them together.  And then the world went dark.
Castiel was still deciding on whom he wanted to spend his time with into the next day.  He’d just finished preparing his morning coffee when a familiar scent wafted into his window on a soft breeze.
The sound of a truck engine woke Ellen late in the night, the pack whistles of alert warning her it was a friendly.  Ellen threw on her coat against the evening chill and stepped out of her tent, listening as the vehicle approached.
She glanced at Sam, every bit the hard eyed Alpha.  Anyone who mistook his caring nature as softness was very, very mistaken.  Sam was alpha through and through.  He was just a bit subtler than his brother.  She had a feeling the brothers played up their roles with deliberately.
Cas took advantage of Dean's lower body position, licking at the heated skin of the omega's neck, temporarily satisfied now that he was properly inside his partner.  Dean tasted like sweat and salt and leather.  It was the sweetest thing he’d ever tasted.
Castiel whimpered.  He clenched his thigh muscles, spreading his legs wider in an attempt to stay upright through the pounding.  “Please, alpha mine.  Claim me.”
“Yeah well, ‘just you’, it’s your turn to have a melt down.”  Dean slid gracefully to his knees, pleased to hear the gulp above him.  This was something he was particularly skilled at.  Time to rock the angel’s world.
“Lips at his neck, tracking hotspots like x’s on a pirate’s map.  The neck’s a hot spot for most everyone, have you noticed?”  Brunette moaned a soft whimper as Dean’s fingers ventured further up her inner thigh.
Cas wasn’t sure he wanted to bring this up.  No, he was positive that he didn’t.  But in light of their recent actions, he felt that he needed the closure.
He was still standing there when the door swung open.  Leather and tobacco wrapped in honeysuckle.  Castiel wanted nothing more than to lick the other man from neck to thigh, see if he tasted half as delicious as he smelled.  He choked back the familiar impulse and dropped his gaze in a rare gesture of submission.
Hugs for Jenny, who reminded me that Dean usually wears underwear.
“You know? Pitcher and catcher?  Do-er, Do-ee?”  The man sighed at Castiel’s blank look.  “This may take a while.  “With women, there’s an established norm; peg to hole, yes?”
With a momentous amount of willpower that he should get a goddamn medal for, Dean stepped back, away from the perfect frottage he’d been enjoying.
Because Dean hadn’t gotten free at all.  He was still very much Angel-ridden.  The Archangel had forced Dean’s mind into that place; an endless spanse of darkwater that eschewed light or hope.
For a brief, terrifying second, Castiel actually believed Dean had somehow broken free of Michael and ended up somewhere in deep water.  Heedless of his waning grace he reached for Dean, striving to locate his physical location through the ether.
Both Sam and Cas were staring at him expectantly.  Dean sighed.  “All I can tell you is something within you Cas, it escalated the relatively gentle A in Jimmy.  I don’t know if it’s the spell doing something, or just you.  Regardless, you’re kicking out Apex Alpha pheromones like a furnace.  I don’t get how you’re even keeping it together as well as you are.   Any other Alpha would be dry humping the chair leg about now.”
Dean considered his options. One:  he could settle down and try to get some rest; or   B) he could fuck with his brother’s belongings.  While the latter wouldn’t do him as much good as sleep, it was a surefire guarantee of future entertainment during the trip home.
And then Castiel’s mind had slammed face first into an intractable brick wall of icy angelic Power.  Dazed and weak from his effort, Castiel closed his eyes, veering into the concrete bunker wall while his mind throbbed and spun in dizzying circles.
Fortunately, the town they were currently planted in sported a thriving gay bar so he didn’t have to worry about the secret handshake, which ear had an earring, any of that subtle crap.  $20 slipped to the motel clerk bought him an address.  Once there, it didn’t take him long to find a buddy.
Open chuckles at that.  Anyone who’d had more than a passing conversation with Dean knew the alpha was hardly the dumb thug he so often played at, but Sam was a legitimate genius.
“What?” Dean asked, voice raspy.  Damn, he was hoarse.  He sounded like he’d been on a weeklong bourbon bender.  No matter, a few salt-water rinses and some cough drops and he’d be fine.
“You’re very calm about this,” Castiel told his friend.  He wasn’t sure why, but Dean’s relaxed demeanor was inexplicably beginning to bother him.
Confidence and skill aside, he legitimately wasn’t sure how much of this he could handle.  Cas had set a bruising pace from the beginning and gave no indication of slowing down.  Dean’s throat was quickly heading towards the wrong side of raw and he’d nearly choked on his own saliva a few times.  And if he didn’t get to come very soon he was going to punch something.
Dean didn’t do this often.  He was self aware enough to know his reticence came from good ol’ Winchester conditioning, and there was nothing really wrong with wanting what he did.  He had absolutely zero issues with dudes doing dudes.  As far as he was concerned, anyone who was a consenting adult should get theirs any way they wanted and good for them.  As long as the ‘dude’ in question wasn’t him.   Which, he was all too aware, was a fucked up viewpoint.
Those were lesser injuries; he’d ask Dean about fixing them later.  His mind focused on the spot of Dean’s neck where his thumb was still rhythmically stroking. The ever so sensitive mating gland.
Harsh words, but Cas was still smarting from being kicked out of the Bunker, a place of refuge, safety, hot water and hotter burritos.  Logically, he understood Dean’s concerns.  And he also knew that if the danger was only directed at Dean, then Cas would even now have his own room in the Winchester’s luxuriant abode.  But his presence apparently impacted Sam’s safety in some way, and Dean would let the world burn if it kept his brother safe.
Sam noticed, of course.  There was little that went on with Dean that Sam didn’t see.  But Dean needed this shred of normalcy, needed the act and the bravado.  They all did.  So everyone kept pretending, hoping that if they could only hold it together long enough, it would become reality.
How the Hell Did Ghost Bobby Know About Emmanuel?
Cas stepped up to Dean, who backed away from the angel until his back hit the wall.  Exactly where Cas wanted him.  Finished with the tie, Castiel began working on his shirt, watching as Dean's wary was supplanted by understanding.  He’d hit denial in 4-3-2-…
Well, it was better than nothing.  At lease he was unique.  A familiar ache filled his body, his heat fully reasserting itself.  As lovely as the hand job was, it wasn’t nearly enough.
“Like a baby,” his big brother replied, tone wry.  They both knew Dean didn’t sleep well.
He nimbly worked at the zipper, sliding Cas’ pants and underwear to his knees and baring a very excited cock to the world.  Damn, the dude was stacked.  Good thing Dean had solid control of his gag reflex; he’d be needing it.
Intellectually, Castiel knew that an omega should be able to calm their mate, but he’d never really given the practical application much thought.  The ashamed part of him eased a bit, realizing he may actually be able to be offer something useful to his mate.
Freshly showered, Dean sat down on his bed. He glanced down at the crumpled napkin on the floor.  Alec had boldly slipped it into Dean’s back pocket with a saucy wink and a fond pat.  His phone number, of course.  They always gave Dean their number.  With a sigh of regret, he scooped the napkin up, rolled it into a tight ball and lobbed it into the trashcan across the room.  Rim shot.
Cas was too far-gone to catch more than ‘need it’ but his body understood well enough.  One, two more thrusts and he slammed home, filling Dean’s hole with a flood of come, shoving the hot, hard thing at the base of his cock through a tight ring of resistance, nestling into Dean’s heat and catching.
When he blamed himself, especially when the situation resulted in one of his kids being hurt, well, John reacted…strongly, in the only way he knew how.  He asserted control of what he could, and handled the situation.
“You are many, many things Lover.  But sorry is not one of them.”
“I have no ‘pals’ among the Halos.  My presence is unlikely to ease the exchange.  Still, it’s best that I come.”
--------------------------------------
Dean coughed out a genuine laugh, the move making his throat ache.  “Did you feel me at any point try to stop you?  I have two free hands, you know.”  That thought elicited the first hint of other scenarios, and he put a firm halt on that.  His neglected cock throbbed its own encouragement.   Damn it, he couldn’t take that thing anywhere.
And then it was too late.
The area where Castiel had first touched ground was pack central, uncreatively called the Hub.  The Hub held nearly all of the pack-centric utilities.  There was an Arms house for weapons storage, a Med house that held the bulk of their medical supplies as well as the four pack medics.  Charlie offered to show him each and every location, but Castiel begged off, citing that the map should be more than sufficient.
“What my brother is trying to say, is that we could use a marketable trade commodity,” Sam continued.  He eyed the pocket her flask was in.   “Your moonshine is a legend unto itself.”
Castiel rolled his eyes but crawled backwards on the mattress to give Dean room.
How had he gotten free?  Had Dean finally managed to find oblivion?  Had he struggled so hard that Michael sent him into a new torture?  Cas had no way of knowing.
No, it was best he let things lie for now.
“We’re good, Cas,” he murmured, brushing his lips one more time against the angel’s before letting go.
“No way,” he told Benny, flashing him his trademark grin.  “I got this.”  If Dean didn’t let the beast out once in a while, things could go bad, fast.
“Party?” Dean asked with a scowl.
Castiel had never actually been to Dean’s house.  He’d been in the Alpha Curve plenty of times, but it was usually to see Sam.
And really, Sam needed to stop giving his own personal Satan any new ideas.  The Devil was well entrenched in his head, and more than once the illusionary nightmare had seemed to glean inspiration from Sam’s own thoughts.  The last thing he needed was two days straight of Music of the Night playing on loop.  Twelve hours of Toto had been agony enough.
“Dean,” he told his brother softly, his tone openly concerned.  “This is a problem. You have to know that.”
Sam nodded. “Okay then.  We have a deal.  My brother, Dean Winchester will fight for our Pack.  When and where are we doing this?”
When the chirpy young woman in the belly-baring tank top flounced over to take their order, Castiel expected Dean to make his typical series of overtures suggesting to their waitress that he’d be amenable to exchanging sex acts if she was interested.
Guards?  She’d only seen the one in the tower.  She’d assumed there were others, of course, but was curious how many.
“Yes, that,” Cas agreed, stroking curiously.  This felt different, too.
“School got out over a week ago!  You’ve been gone for eleven days, and you weren’t answering your phone. Just leaving vague messages about another delay.  Sam needed to eat, the motel wanted some money so they didn’t evict us and I don’t look old enough to get a job.  Even if I could find something, that would mean leaving my brother alone all day by himself.  And you ordered me to stay close and protect Sam.”
He’d nearly made it when a body slammed against his, pinning him against the concrete Bunker wall hard enough to knock the air out of his lungs.
“The last few days we’ve caught wind of her scent at the edges of pack territory.  I checked it out.  She’s there.  If there’s even a chance that she’s thinking of coming in, maybe even joining with us, I’d like Sam to be free.”
Well, this was a conundrum.  Castiel had actually had been thinking Sam, so now he’d have to scramble.  Several of his beta friends were off on a run; they’d not be back for a week two at the earliest.
And once he knew to look, there’d been signs aplenty. On rare occasion Dean even had Sam drive for a while. An unusual occurrence, but Sam had seen it before, when Dean wanted room to shift and change positions during a long car ride.  It used to highly amuse him.  But that was when Dean had brought whatever caused the discomfort on himself.
Castiel opened his mouth to sob his surrender, to agree to anything, everything.  To admit he had broken.  It would go so much better for him if he would just submit.  But that wasn’t in his nature.
Ellen would have argued the matter if she didn’t already know that the invaders were taking days out of their travels to skirt Winchester territory.  Sam’s confidence seemed well founded.
Bastard.  Cas was so hard it hurt.  His ass felt bereft, his hole clenching against the emptiness.  He was already soaked to the thighs with slick and they were just getting started.  What would it be like to take all of that giant Alpha cock?  It was suddenly vitally important that he find out.  So he gave Dean what he wanted. He begged.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered, but he reached up, squeezing the hand on his shoulder. “Thanks.  It means a lot.”
Never in a million years would Cas have imagined such a viciously dominant Alpha to welcome switching.  But the easy familiarity in the way Dean rolled to his abdomen and took it for him left no doubt that this was hardly an unusual experience for the alpha, and it was a position he definitely enjoyed.
Something he and Dean had discovered in their years doing…whatever this was.  Castiel had a thing for blowjobs.  Giving, receiving, it didn’t seem to matter.  Cas was as likely to come on his knees with a cock stuffed down his throat as he was if he were thrusting his own deep into Dean’s willing and dangerously talented mouth.
Gasping, Cas reached down between them, firmly stroking Dean’s erection through the butter soft denim.  Dean groaned, pressing his hips into the touch.
She’d never expected to be welcomed with open arms, not only offered a home with the pack, but granted equal status with the two Alpha leaders.  However, Sam and Dean were young still when their had father died.  And they were smart enough to know the value of the wisdom that came with age and experience.
“Ellen,” Asa greeted.  “I found her by accident,” he reported, gesturing and the unconscious woman being carried into the medic’s tent.  “She was alone on the side of the road, knife injury.”  He winced slightly, shifting his weight to his good leg.
“Yeah, I heard.  It’s a dumb name,” Dean replied.  Sam sighed.
“What the fuck was that?” Dean demanded, rage burning in the brilliant depth of his emerald gaze.
Dean was standing in the center of the camp, an oversized coffee cup clutched in his good hand, eyes alert as he monitored the activity around him.  Sam was at his side, the two speaking softly.  Both were heavily armed.  Dean wore the same knife he’d used back at the Pit tucked neatly into a belt sheath, and a gleaming silver gun with a white handle strapped into a thigh holster.  Sam wore a sawed off shotgun slung securely over his back.
Dean threw back his head and laughed with his whole body, and it was beautiful.  All the more so for it being so rare a thing for the damaged Alpha.  Cas decided right then he would do anything to hear that carefree sound again.
That was yet another indulgence Dean had enjoyed in the hours they’d been at play.  He’d sucked, licked and teased Cas cock into red, aching, rock hard agony, only to release it and ply his mouth elsewhere.  Inner thigh, balls, neck.  He’d been anywhere and everywhere that a sly tongue and stinging teeth could instigate a burst of pleasure.  Cas had many, many such places accessible to his lover, even bound on his back as he was.  And Dean knew each and every one.  The bastard.
“Then why won’t you accept me?  I’d be a good mate.”  Dean asked softly.
“You aren’t terrible at all,” Castiel said.  “Who you are, what you are, doesn’t scare me.  You’re the strongest, most honorable person I’ve ever met.”
Dean was always careful to keep his darker nature firmly in check.  He harbored a monster inside; he could never afford to lose control.  But he was finally, finally letting his beast off the chain a little. Dean was desperately looking forward to this fight.  He scanned the rail of opponents, hoping he’d find a real challenge somewhere in the mess.
“Umm, thanks, but no.  Try Sam.  He’s more the yoga type.”  Smirking slightly at Sam’s caustic glare, Dean turned away and headed outside to change the oil on their latest stolen vehicle.  There was no way in hell he was going to get all cozied up with Castiel.  Nothing good could come from poking at that beehive.
Cas reached up; taking a double handful of the most amazing ass he’d ever felt, massaging the muscles, silently encouraging Dean to fuck his mouth.  He slid one finger along the crack of Dean’s ass, pressing teasingly at the hole before sliding the digit in.  Over the last few days he’d had multiple opportunities to discover just how much Dean loved assplay.
“Dean,” Castiel got out through gritted teeth.  “Please.  Help me get through this damn heat.”
Dean rolled his shoulders, fighting the incessant itch at the back of his neck.  “I need you to leave.  Disappear for three, maybe four days.  Instinct don’t much care about human ideals of basic decency.  And I’m not going to be doing much thinking in an hour or two.”
His mind flinched away at what it found there, and he jerked back into physical vision, eyes wide as he met Dean’s steady gaze.  “You don’t have a mating gland.”
And so life moved on.
“It’s okay,” Sam said, somehow managing to be placating without condescending.  “You don’t need to answer.  You have all the time in the world to decide that it's safe to trust us.  But right now I have to go shove my idiot brother’s shoulder back into its socket.  The rest of camp is straight ahead.  Go on, they know you’re coming.”
The mammoth stood at full height and kicked out, surprisingly fast for such a large man.  The kick landed, nailing Dean right in the abdomen. He tensed his abs and loosened his body, allowing the momentum to carry him backwards into the air, saving his ribs from cracking but sending him rolling across the dirt.  His blade went flying from his hand and out of reach.  Dean cursed; rookie mistake.  If his father were still alive he’d beat his ass for that one.
“What?” Cas demanded.  “I had a rough heat.”
But this was the dry season; the ground was cracked and dry, obscured by the dust clouds kicked up by the fighters as they twisted and dove about.
“Nah. I’m not hurt.  Cuffs are fine, so is Cas.”  He gestured for Sam to sit back down.
Ellen sighed.  “Yeah, and most like it’d be another fifteen if I weren’t desperate.  Not that I dislike you pair, but there’s some bad blood between me n’ your Dad.”
Dean was perfectly disheveled, and so, so hot, his eyes burning with a familiar lust tinged with affection.  It was Cas’ favorite look, though he’d never thought to tell Dean that.  Of course, he liked it even better with less fabric involved.
Dean didn’t answer, panting softly, his body gently tucked in Cas lap.  He kept his eyes closed, allowing the sensation to build and fill him near to breaking.
The haunting smell of delicious food broke Cas out of his self-imposed silence, and he spoke easily with Dean as they parked the car and headed in.  He settled into the greeter’s allocated booth, allowing Dean to guide him through the menu, as Castiel was a little lost at the three pages worth of meat options.
Dean’s smile turned wicked.  “No.”
He slowly, gently drew his hand out from the Hunter’s heat.  Dean surged under him, gripping his wrist to halt the motion.  Propping himself up on his other forearm, the he looked back at Cas with blown pupils big and dark in his fan-fiction-green eyes.
Dean sat back up, gripping Cas’ hips in his hands so forcefully he was sure to have finger shaped bruises.  It was that image, his Alpha marking his body, that melted away the last of Castiel’s stubborn determination.
“Bitch.”
“Who’s watching our guys?” Dean demanded, as his two best guards were now up with him.
Without further discussion he thrust deep, making Cas take a good half of his length from the jump.  Cas froze, and he took a gulp of air, willing his body to adjust.  Later, he’d appreciate the virtues of a well-endowed alpha, but for now this was taking too long. He had plans, damn it.
Dean growled, the low rumble vibrating against Castiel’s chest where it was still pressed up against Dean’s firm body.   The Alpha took one more deep breath, filling his lungs with Cas’ scent.
Dean crouched at his side; waiting cautiously until the Angel was through the worst of the convulsions before leaning in and gingerly sliding the fallen blanket back over his shoulders.
“Everyone learns basic fighting,” Sam said coming to her side, three packed meals in his arms.  He leaned down and sniffed.  “There appears to be an entire pie in here,” he reported to his brother.
He yanked the reluctant gearshift into drive and headed back the way he came.  He had two young idiots and a barrel full of Leviathan to get back to.
“Like you’d know,” Purple-hair scoffed, though her hands moved along his palm slowly up his arm to massage his bicep and shoulder.
Not again.
“Oomph,” Cas muttered as he was tossed none-to-gently onto the bed.
The lead truck made an abrupt right turn onto a neatly concealed dirt road without warning.  It was a clever bit of illusion, the turn hidden in plain sight among the wall of tall grass.
Dean grinned ferally.  Now they could really play.  He’d spent a good half hour roaming the halls, inundating them with his pheromones.   His Alpha would have a hell of a time tracking him by scent.  And with the cuffs in place, he couldn’t use some kind of Angelic tracker to cheat.
This was ridiculous.  It had been 26 minutes.  Did Dean really need to be in the shower this long?  Perhaps Castiel should damage the water-heating device.  If Dean had only cold water available then surely he’d get out, wouldn’t he?  Castiel was fairly certain that it wasn’t healthy for a human to be under such hot water for so long. As Dean’s guardian, Castiel had an obligation to protect him from these types of risks.
Startled, Dean jerked, more in surprise than in any need to move his body away from the contact.  If anything, he leaned forward into it.
The rest of the day had actually gone surprisingly smoothly. Ellen had come down from her roof and sent for the pack chemist to evaluate the powder while Sam took her place.  Ellen was far and away their most cunning negotiator, trading was her baliwack.  Ash had nearly peed himself when he tested the stuff, and he was nearly as excited about the quality metals on the table.
“What the hell do you think your doing?” Dean demanded, slamming the brake  “Get the fuck out, Cas.  You have a designated job, same as anyone else here.”
Sure, Dean didn’t like how it made him feel, but there were a lot of things they did on the road that he didn’t like.  He didn’t like killing.  Especially when they looked really human.  But you did what you had to do when you were a Hunter.  And he did what he had to do to make sure Sammy was okay.  That was his job.
“Okay, Dean,” Castiel agreed, willing to let it go.  Dean really was past it, he could tell.  Castiel needed to attempt to do the same.  Dean relaxed beside him at the agreement, thought the strong arm around his waist continued to hold him tight.
Castiel hastily rose to his feet.  “Of course.”
“I didn’t say ‘no’ Cas,” Dean reminded, his tone gentler then Cas had anticipated, or felt he deserved.
“I know what I’m doing,” She told Dean.  “I’ve been riding along that road for ages.”
“Did you feel it, too? What I was going through?  You felt everything I was feeling?”
“I don’t know how any of that works,” Dean replied with a shrug.  “But that spell did something to you, buddy.  Now that I’m actually paying attention, it’s impossible to miss.”
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas muttered.  “I’m busy.”  Cas unzipped the jeans, sliding both denim and underwear to Dean’s knees.  He wasted no time getting his mouth around Dean’s cock, moving faster than he'd prefer in an effort to keep Dean off guard and out of his head.
Back story!  Meet Clan Halo.  Spoiler: they're dicks.
“Feel better?” Dean asked in a more serious tone.
That's it.  This one can now be relocated from my 'unpublished' folder and I can move onto smuttier tales.  Also, on my final reread, its become abundantly clear to me that those two have absolutely banged in the past.
“I promise to leave that area alone,” he swore, more afraid than he’d care to admit of Dean’s answer.  He already had the very real concern that he’d ruined something precious between them and they’d never get back to the easy trust they’d previously shared.
Sam smacked his uninjured shoulder.  “You are so full of shit.”  He turned back to Ellen.
Dean collapsed against him, panting.  Cas was gulping for air as well, for all that he didn’t strictly require it to survive.  But his body wanted it, and he lacked the focus to tell it otherwise.  Instead, he wrapped his arms around his omega’s shuddering body, holding him close until they both dozed right there, naked on the concrete bunker floor.
Benny nodded.  “Yup.  Calm as a cucumber when I left him.  He’s walking the town perimeter, making sure all’s well before heading in to bed to sleep for the next day or four.”
Sam nodded slowly.  “There’s no way to stop this?”
Almost before he realized it, Castiel was coming up on his third year with the Winchester Pack.  Had it only been three years? He felt as if he’d been there forever.
Dean looked annoyed, but finally nodded along with whatever his brother was telling him.  Apparently satisfied, Sam strode off in the direction of the two covered trucks, speaking softly with the crew while he checked the firmly latched crates.
Dean was comfortably grieving in his own Johnny Walker way.  Sam seemed to be handling his crazy well enough, no reason to stir that particular pot right this minute.  If he got worse, well, Bobby could always spill the beans later.  See if the angel had a few more hail-Mary’s up his robe. Dean seeing his friend not remembering him, well, that may snap what few branches he was clinging to.
“Nothing harmful.  He’s merely sleeping,” Cas replied calmly, glancing briefly over at the mound of peacefully resting Winchester.  Sam let out a snort, rolled over, and began to snore softly.
It didn’t take long until the shuddering settled.  Castiel wanted nothing more than to roll his omega over and take him, but he didn’t want the concrete floor to tear at Dean’s bare knees.  That would have to wait until they’d found a bed.  Or some softer flat surface, at least.
“We need to have a chat.  Come by my place when you’re done for the evening.”
“Sure, what?”
He unlocked his phone, casually flipping through images until he found a good one.  He handed the phone over.
Dean was beginning to sag above him, muscles shaking with exertion.  “C’mon, Cas, do it.  I feel you; you’re near to bursting.  Fucking knot me already.  I need it.”
Hearing grunting and sounds of a fight, Ellen turned and followed the sound, automatically planning on putting out a fire, breaking only when she remembered it wasn’t her place.
That open dare was more than Castiel's could resist.  Even as the physical chain faithfully kept Cas’ wrists firmly bound over his head, the mental one restraining his inner alpha snapped like kindling, and he began thrusting for all he was worth into his omega’s welcoming ass.
They were at the outskirts of town when a petite female came flying at them. “Dean!  I heard you fought a monster in the Ring! Are you okay?”
“Don’t feel special.  I never told anyone,” Cas snarked back.  He raised arm and settled the blade back in its hidden place.
Gadreel watched as Dean gingerly set the empty glass back on the crate.
The omega who’d been in charge of dinner appeared at Dean’s side, subtly refilling the grouchy Alpha’s oversized cup with coffee while Dean answered a steady flow of questions directed at him.
If the man was the least bit afraid, he hid it immaculately.  Dean couldn’t help but admire the guy.  He was completely unlike any omega he’d ever met, and Dean’s pack was near overrun with strong personalities of all flavors.  The omega’s clear stubborn streak might dissuade a run of the mill alpha, or beta for that matter.  But with this crowd?  Not a chance.  Plenty would take that display of attitude as a challenge, eager to put the omega in his place.  Dean was instantly charmed.
Sam grinned.  Good enough.  He came into the room, dragging one of the table chairs next to the bed and putting his feet up.  Dean raised an eyebrow, but didn’t object.  Sam watched the incredibly inaccurate shark movie for a while with his brother in companionable silence.
*This story changes POV's so fast you may get whiplash.   Apologies.
He pretended not to notice when Garth snuck in to refill his coffee.  The surprisingly resilient omega liked to think he was sneaky, and there was no point growling at him.  He was somehow completely immune to Dean’s attitude.  And frankly, after yet another night without sleep, Dean needed the caffeine.
“Sleep well?” Sam asked, stowing his bag in the trunk.
---------
Dean rolled his shoulders, loosening muscles as he waited, alert and curious.  Rafe’s sons were legendary but he’d never laid eyes on them himself.  He’d heard the stories, of course, and if they were even half true he might actually have a real fight on his hands.  A moment later the question was answered as Dean’s opponent shoved through the crowd and hopped the fence in single a leap, easily clearing it without touching.
He showed the picture to Sebastian.  The man’s eyes widened and he went uncharacteristically silent.  After long enough that Castiel was beginning to worry, the man shook his himself.  He whistled softly.  “Oh. My. God.”
“I’ve chosen a different indulgence during my Rest,” Cas added absently, eyes traveling intently down the Hunter’s long body.
Dean allowed the touch for a moment, then backed away.  “Alright. Enough of this moody omega-sentimentality bullshit.  I’m off.”
Sam sat on the porch of his house, lounging under the heavy glow of a fat three-quarter moon.  While outwardly relaxed, the alpha inside him paced in agitated circles in his mind.  He wouldn’t be able to get any rest until he knew his brother was back and in his right mind.  As much as Dean was ever in his right mind, anyway.
“Dean,” Sam called out in frustration as they walked away.   “Cas?”
Fuck.
Castiel’s eyes flew open, his nose filled with the scent of alpha.  It wasn’t rut; the odor was nothing so pungent or dangerous.  But it was definitely sexual in nature.
Cas lifted one elegant eyebrow.  “Really? Not that I noticed.  He actually seemed particularly inventive…ow!”
Cas slid his mouth slowly down the shaft and off with a faint ‘pop’.  “No, I don’t want you to do that.  I’m not nearly done yet.”
“Just a minute, Sam,” Cas replied.  I’m busy.”  His eyes were glued to the far group, focused on their target with all the stiff, dedicated fixation of a pointer hound.
Dean chuckled.  “Oh, I’m not stopping.  Don’t worry your pretty head.  I’m just checking in, giving you a minute to cool off.  Hate to see you pop your cork this early on.”
They disappeared around the corner, Dean cussing up a blue streak.
He sighed, setting the bottle aside.  He’d like nothing better than to drown his follies in the ruddy depths of home-brewed happiness.  Had he been safely back in home territory among his people he’d be halfway to Blitzville by now.  Unfortunately, he didn’t have that luxury.  Not when he had so many packmates in unfriendly territory.  He’d be no good to them three sheets to the wind.
Dean blinked, taken aback.  The omega had actually growled!  At an alpha.  And not just any alpha, one riding a killing high who had literally bled for the damn guy not minutes before.
Castiel staggered out of the room, exhausted by even that small exertion of Grace.  He faded a little more each day.  And they were still no closer to finding Dean than when they’d started.
“What, you thought we’d fight fair?” Dean asked, glancing down at the bleeding Halo. “Where’d you get that notion?”
“Sam,” she squeaked, launching herself into the giant Alpha’s arms.
“Please,” Cas added, his tone carefully blank.
Bobby swallowed the half-full glass of rotgut in one swig.  Time to man up.  He didn’t have the luxury of being all dopey and morose.  Dean had enough on his plate babysitting his half-nuts brother while dealing with the loss of his only friend; the last thing he needed was for Bobby to fall apart on him too.  The kid had wide shoulders, but even he could only bear so much weight.
Dean clenched his fists under the table.  No fucking way.  The universe would not do this to him.  But what was he thinking; he was a fucking Winchester.  Of course it would.
Cas met his eyes, searching for the truth in his words.  Apparently he found what he was looking for because he relaxed.  He slid his fingertips along the back of Dean’s neck, his thumb delicately grazing the base of his neck.
Dean had at least acknowledged him, and while it hadn’t exactly been an expression of absolution, he wasn’t freezing Castiel out either.  As long as Dean was actively communicating with him, the issue would usually blow over.
----------------------------
Dean didn’t give him a second to catch his breath before resuming pounding into him, slamming into his ass at a demanding pace.  A small part of Cas wondered how the hell the alpha was managing to maintain that pace without tiring, but the rest of him was too busy glorying in the ride.
“Dean,” Cas tried again.
“Gesundheit.”
Sam lifted the binoculars to his eyes and looked back over to the giant hay bale and its occupants.  He needed to know what his brother was talking about.  It could provide some desperately needed insight in how to capture the annoying bastard.
In a particularly mature decision, he fell back into his older patterns:  he avoided the matter entirely.  And every day that he ignored the issue, his body became increasingly uncomfortable.  Before long Castiel was frequently becoming nauseous to the point that he couldn’t eat.  And every day he convinced himself; just one more day and he’d figure something out.   And then one more day.  Then another.
Ellen nodded.  “Sure thing.”
Cas looked up into his eyes in blatant challenge.  “And what exactly do you plan to do about it?”
It was a clear order, which he tended to balk at, but now was not the time.  For starters, Castiel knew he was in the wrong, and he had a debt to pay.  More importantly, Dean was using his formal tone, making it clear this was an order from Castiel’s Alpha, not Dean himself.  Ignoring that, even if he wanted to, was not an option.
“Really?”  He demanded, scowling down at his older brother.
She paused mid rise, turning back around to face him.  “Yeah?”
Suddenly Cas was flung away, tumbling to the ground.  Dean was standing over him, his hand covering the back of his neck while ruby hued blood flowed around his fingers.
One thing Cas knew for certain.  Sticky and itchy or not, this was not the only time they would be indulging in sex.  Even if he had to storm the bunker, kidnap Dean, and sit on him.  His exhausted cock gave an optimistic throb, signaling it was in complete accord with the whole ‘sitting on Dean’ plan.  He rolled a bit, wincing at the ache.  Stupid mortal body.  Maybe round two in the morning.  Dean’s ass wasn’t sore, after all.
----------------------
Actually, it was far better that Dean not realize how Castiel knew that he was lying.  It was the best possible outcome, really.  Because it had been Dean himself that told Castiel exactly what he was experiencing with Michael.  In a manner of speaking
Fuck.  A flick of angel power and Cas’ banished his pants entirely.  He’d figure out where they’d gone later.  He reached for Dean’s freed leg and positioned the knee bent on the mattress and laid his full body weight over the other man's body.  He firmly slid one finger, angelically slick, inside the hunter.  Dean bucked at the unexpected sensation, groaning.
A couple of betas ran into each other, both carrying hefty armfuls of supplies.  Snarling in irritation, one dumped his stack of bedrolls and turned on the other, fists up.  Dean appeared from nowhere, barking something at the pair.  Both dropped their eyes, muttered something to the ground, and hastily returned to their jobs.
Before Cas could formulate the appropriate response to temper all the smug sitting atop him, Dean leaned down, taking one firm nipple between his teeth, biting hard enough for a sharp burst of pain, even as his tongue lathed the bud.
“My name is Naomi.  Thank you for meeting with us.  We’ve been on the road for some time, tracking a missing member of the clan.  We believe that after months of searching, we’ve finally found traces of his whereabouts.”
“Dean,” Sam called gently, placing a gentle hand on his brother’s shoulder.  Bold of him.  Ellen wouldn’t have come near the rabid Alpha so close to violence.
“Not necessarily true.” Naomi made a show of leaning to the side, glancing over to where Castiel sat in the jeep.  “You may have one of ours in your midst and not even know it.  Our kind is very good at infiltration.”  She smiled.  “We like to know what’s going on in the world.”
The idea of driving his partner to completion from this one act alone thrilled Castiel, and rather than stop, he redoubled his effort, defying the Angel cuffs enough to allow just a spark of grace at the tip of his tongue.
“None more important than this,” Dean replied with a smile.  “I’ve been trying to get into your pants for years.”
“The issue,” Sam continued, “Is that the one time that you actually go through a heat with Dean, you come out mated, despite having spent years refusing him.  It’s going to look bad.”
Sam knocked.
About 3 miles from the Hub, a steep, hilly rise held three houses at the top that looked more or less like all the others, placed in a rough curve overlooking the Hub below.  Just behind the hill, the forest took over.  According to the map, the entirety of the hill was called Alpha circle, home to their triumvirate of leaders.  Sam lived in the middle house, Dean and Ellen his neighbors to either side.
Early in his second year he’d been granted leadership of one of the hunting parties.  They didn’t leave often, and were primarily designated as defense in case of invaders, but that was more than enough to suit him.
The familiar sound of heavy fabric dropping caught his attention, and a glance up confirmed that Cas had dumped his trench coat to the floor.
“We had an agreement,” Castiel reminded him, glancing away from the accusatory gaze.
“You’re right,” he agreed after a moment.  “My vessel is toxically overwhelmed with mating hormones.  The Angel-cuffs are helping me maintain control, but I don’t think it will last.”
Dean eyes opened, his black, pupiless gaze staring challengingly out into the distance when the girl swallowed his cock as far as she could.  He groaned, eyes sliding shut.
Dean didn’t answer, but on his next thrust he kept pushing, forcing his knot through the tight ring of muscle, and ejaculated what felt like an endless rush of semen into him.
But sometimes he couldn’t help himself.  Okay, not completely true.  Maybe he just didn’t want to help himself.  What he did want was to get laid, and he wanted to do it with another man.  Top, bottom, sideways.  Didn’t matter to him.  Because he’d be sneaking out in a flood of self-recrimination as soon as it was over no matter how things went down.
He’d learned a number of valuable lessons during that existence, developed tools that had served him in good stead when faced with an unknown challenge or adversary.  When you are as old as the planet, you experience a lot of firsts.
Sebastian procured coffees for both them, regular drip when Castiel wasn’t sure what drink he should have.  Drinks in hand, they settled across from each other on one of the comfortable corner couches in the corner of the shop.
Rowena smiled, dropped the angel hair into her tea, and spoke a few ancient words that may or may not have had a common ancestor with Latin.  The cola coloured liquid began to glow, moving around the cup in gentle, sparkly golden swirls.  A mist of iridescent purple sparked up from the cup, spinning in lazy circles, a mini whirlpool of tea leaves and glitter.
Dean rolled off his body, lying pressed to Cas’ side while the sated x-angel caught his breath.  Dean watched the heaving of Cas’ sweat slicked chest and abdomen with unhidden interest.
Dean ignored Crowley’s voice, tuning out the roaring spectators.  He had pack at his back to keep an eye on them.  No, Dean’s only job was to take out one opponent.  He took a sniff.  Magog smelled like old sweat and older rut.  Faugh.  Did he ever bathe?
Sam raised an eyebrow.  “So you accept whatever fate we decide for you, then?”
Clever fingers slid in next to the tongue, loosening his hole in the best ways.  He didn’t need it, not really.  He was omega, built to take cock.  His hole would relax during penetration without preparation.  But it wouldn’t feel good, not at first.
Possible?  Apparently.  Sustainable? As Dean would say, absofuckinglutely not.
“You…looked like you were about to trip,” Castiel awkwardly stuttered out.
Dean glanced away.  “I remember that I screamed a lot.  As much as a dude underwater can scream anyway.  I KNOW that I did.  For help, for death.  For anything that would make it end.”
Dean groaned, tilting his head in acceptance of the marking.  His hips ground down, meeting Cas thrust for thrust.  Castiel didn’t realize how close he was to completion until his cock pulsed, filling the space between them with sticky fluid.
“Ran, as in past tense?” Someone called out.
But he’d made it.  He was done.  For another three to four months, anyway.  But he had plenty of time to deal with that later.
Whatever.  None of that crap mattered.  What did matter was that there was something, anything, Dean could do to take the pressure off his brother, even it was temporary.  It was hardly the first devil’s bargain Dean had made to ensure Sam’s safety.
It had to be his upcoming heat; unwanted instincts driving him to actions he’d otherwise never even consider.  The last thing he needed was a stupid, demanding Alpha thinking he had some claim over him.
“Good thing,” Dean mumbled.  “Cuz you were pretty damn weird when you were crazy.”  The naked bee thing still gave him the creeps.  And it was incredibly convenient that Cas remembered each and every hot spot on Dean’s body he’d spent the last several years discovering.
The omega’s eyes widened at the chastisement and she turned, walking purposefully away back towards the Hub.
“I’m fine, Cas.  Just a bit of a sore throat.  You didn’t do anything I didn’t want, I promise.”
Dean slid his bare, and rock hard cock against Cas’, the sensation nearly driving him prematurely over the edge.  “If you keep doing that to me,” Cas panted, “I’m not going to be able to prevent orgasm.”
“Hold up a second,” Dean raised a slightly sticky hand up.  “We haven’t discussed your place in this.”
By the time Cas came to, Dean had rolled them over so that Cas was on top, his boneless body splayed across his bulkier mate’s.  Dean’s hand was gently stroking along his back, warm against the cooling skin.
“Harder,” he grunted, thrusting his chest up into her hands. He groaned when one of the girls slurped noisily on his cock.  Raw enthusiasm was no substitute for true skill, but it was plenty enough for right now.
There were also some things that could be done in the town itself to help protect his wayward pack.  Reputation was everything, and a lawless town like Persephone was a perfect place for a person or pack to make a name for themselves.  Which led him back to his brother’s no so subtle hinting.  Sam was staring steadily at Persephone’s pride and joy, (and primary source of income), The Fifth Ring.
“One of our border guards,” the man next to Castiel yelled to him over the noise from the wind and engines.  “She’s a bit of a show off, that one.  But at least now we can anticipate a warm welcome.”
Dean dodged the lunge; smoothly ducked low and forward, clipping the second set of cuffs onto Cas wrists and was back out of range in one rapid maneuver.  The power in the cuffs flared, sending Cas stumbling backwards.  Dean narrowly caught him before he collapsed.  Sam was there a moment later and the two eased him back onto his chair.
Dean licked his lips, the unconscious action ungodly attractive.  Cas traced the motion with his gaze; fervently hoping Dean was feeling particularly chapped this morning.
Blonde Lap girl’s hands left his head. Before Dean could protest, they glided down his neck, thumbs rubbing gently against his nipples.  Dean sighed in content; he was definitely a nipple man.  She pinched experimentally, with just a kiss of pressure.
Dean’s house was identical to Ellen and Sam’s.  Each house was about a half mile apart, located at the wooded border of Pack territory, a short ways away from the main hub.  Three small steps led to the wrap around porch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes!  Okay, yes.”  Cas tiled his head invitingly.  “Claim me.”
A moment later Dean had slammed his way into the grimy hotel room.  “He acts like I wanted to go into heat,” Dean had muttered under his breath as he strolled past.  “It’s not as if I have a choice in the matter.”
He had a fleeting thought of stopping Dean, asking if they could trade places.  It seemed safer, easier to take lead position.  He’d never felt particularly vulnerable during any type of sex with Dean before now.  Of course, that was when he had super strength and could disappear anywhere in the world with a single wing-beat.
“Pretty sure I was the prize,” Cas replied sourly
He dragged himself up to his elbows, turning Cas’ head so they were looking eye to eye.  “I am fine, okay?  You didn’t hurt me, you didn’t do anything I wasn’t completely on board with, and we are good.  Now can you please shut up and let me bask for a damn minute?”
Castiel cocked his head, waiting.  Dean licked his lips absently, briefly derailing any concerned thoughts Cas had about what the hunter was about to say.
Dean raised an eyebrow.  He glanced over where the girl leaned over the bar.  She glanced back over her shoulder, grinning when Dean flashed her an appreciative smile.
“Hmm?” Dean asked lazily.
Because it was unlikely that Dean was still openly seeking out a hookup with the rebel-angel, considering what Castiel had done to them.  But the usual signs were definitely there; sex was almost certainly still happening.  And Castiel was a God, now.
“Well, let’s start at the top.  That’s Dean, by the way.  He’s usually available and always amenable.”
“Given that you have more experience in this area, it may be best if you take the lead,” Cas told him cautiously.
“Yeah, sure.  So, uh, you decided on staying here, then?”  Dean asked, tone turning awkward.  Apparently he sucked at the touchy feely stuff as much as Castiel did.
He had no regrets.  Not really.  A few minutes of rough sex against a wall was a small price to pay for the benefits.  Every time Dean played ball, gave Cas what he wanted without kicking a fuss, the Angel did something for Sam’s mind.  Dean wasn’t sure what it was, but Sam always slept peacefully through the night afterward and woke brighter, the signs that he was seeing invisible crap noticeably absent.  For a while.
“Rock hard, with a set of quickly bluing balls?”  Dean asked, his eyes opening to green slits.
“Like this?”  Cas asked, his touch perfect, the gentle glide of his thumb against Dean’s glans exactly the way he liked best.
“Did you know I’ve spent weeks looking through the world’s plants and beasts?”  Cas asked.  “I’ve examined over 40 species of tree frog alone, trying to find a single thing that comes in a similar shade of green as your eyes.  I haven’t even come close.  Nothing else in nature compares.”
Muscles that had been taut for too damn long finally relaxed, and Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders, burying his nose in the Alpha’s neck.  Leather and fresh tobacco with a hint of clover honey.  That so-familiar scent, intermingled with the soothing pheromones of his Alpha, eased the cramping in his stomach, quelling the worst of the chills.
That single 'yes' ripped away the last shreds of Cas’ control.  He surged towards Dean, the cuffs on his wrists yanking his arms backward as reached the end of his tether.
Castiel nodded.  “I understand.  Thank you.  But this is my home now.  I’m not leaving it.”
The two siblings locked gazes, uncaring of the silent crowd around them.
Sam hefted his bag and left the hotel, taking one reluctance glance back at the dented wall.  Dean was leaning against the Impala, patiently waiting when Sam finally emerged.  Also not a good sign.
Cas broke off only when the need for air demanded it.  He dropped his head, resting his forehead against Dean’s bare chest.
It was a lie, of course.  There was one.  Dean always called to him.  His scent, his voice, his stupidly beautiful face and expressive eyes, everything about him made Castiel want to have a taste.  The mating gland at the back of his neck throbbed eagerly in agreement, tingling at the very thought of the gorgeous Alpha nipping at his most intimate place.  And that was exactly the reason Dean was absolutely not an option.
A dirty, tired, but cheerful group of hunters had came in during his first meal in the community Canteen, the group laden with dead rabbits, game birds, and a mid-sized stag.  That in and of itself wasn’t remarkable.  The interesting part was that the team lead, a cheerful young man who had instantly hugged him and introduced himself as Garth, was omega.  The team included two betas, one actual alpha, and the omega.  There was no reality that Castiel was aware of in which the omega should have led. And yet he had.
“Do it,” Dean ordered, his voice completely lost to his alpha.  “Come for me, my mate.  Let me have it.  Now, Cas!”
True to Dean’s assertion, a large basket of fruit and meal bars, plus a full bottle of their best hooch that carried Ellen’s distinct scent, had appeared on the porch, the food staples smelling strongly of Sam. In addition, hot meals on covered trays were routinely dropped off.  Cas was always hungry, but given the option he’d choose sex every time.  It took cajoling and bribery on Dean’s part to make sure Cas got the necessary calories.  Not to mention an occasional dousing the omega in Dean's powerful shower.
Sebastian looked at him incredulously.  “He looks like that, gives excellent, thorough blow jobs, and that hunk of giant, muscle-bound, sexy mechanic is a switch hitter?  Darling, take my advice; you should be shopping for diamonds about now.  Seriously.  Put a damn ring around it.”
Long after Meg had left, Castiel stared at the heavily marked up list.  His eyes kept going back to the top name.  No, Castiel.  No. Fucking. Way.  As annoying as the Alpha could be, Castiel had the very real concern that one taste would be too much and never enough.  He had vowed early in life never to mate with an Alpha.  He wouldn’t break that vow for some dumb, sweet smelling, green eyed, perfectly muscled, okay, maybe a little smart, dreamboat of an Alpha who fought like a demon and had a reputation for great sex.
Sliding back in his chair across the map table, Dean glanced over to his younger brother.  Sensing his brother’s attention, Sam paused in his work to look up from the glow of the laptop screen, a micro-shake of his head telling Dean he hadn’t found anything new.
Dean was lounging against the side of the house, arms casually crossed over his chest.  His delightfully bare chest, and equally enticing abdomen.  The Alpha hadn’t bothered with more than a pair of jeans before coming outside, the sharp V of his hipbones prominent over the well-aged denim hanging low on hips.  It was all Cas could do not to tear his head out from Sam's hold, drag his mate back into the house, and take his tongue to all that deliciously bared skin.
Sam groaned.  If he hadn’t already been to Hell and knew better, he’d think this was it.
“Dean!’ Castiel called out, attempting to follow.
As it was, Dean was done before he was.  The omega began squirming, panting heavily. He pressed one forearm against the wall, forehead resting against the arm as he struggled to stay in place against the waves of pleasure.
Dean stepped out of the shower, looking his body over.  Cas really had done a slick job on the heal.  His knees hadn’t felt this crackle free in months.  He looked into the mirror, trying to decide if shaving was happening.  Then he smirked.
“Big fan,” he replied.  “Huge.”
“No, you don’t,” his Alpha growled in his ear, nipping reprovingly at the delicate curve where neck met shoulder.  “I caught you fairly.  You’re mine.”
“Absolutely,” Charlie replied, twining her arm around Castiel's elbow.  “I’ll get him settled in.”
The knock on Dean’s door was soft enough that he wasn’t sure he heard it, at first.  But then his door swung open and Castiel poked his head in with a hesitant “Dean?”
Dean grinned faintly.  His brother really was awesome.  He tossed the kit into the nearest chair on his way out of the room.  He’d not be needing any of that.  But it was still a nice thought.
“Go to sleep, Cas,” Dean murmured.  “I intend to stay in bed for at least two days.  When we get up, we have to tell the family.”
Castiel wasted no time; he rose back to his feet, and pulled off Dean’s shirt.  He didn’t have much time before the orgasm-muddled brain cells came back on line.  He guided the sated hunter to the bed, positioning him on his belly.  Dean hadn’t been wearing shoes, and Cas was able to pull the denim completely off one leg.  He swiftly began unbuckling his own pants.
“Just look good and hard before punching his card, would you?  Make sure he has it coming?”
“Dean, you’re hurt. What’s wrong with your shoulder?”
“If you’re coming to bitch at me some more I’m so not in the mood,” Dean growled in Castiel’s general direction.  “So you might as well go on back.”
He felt his eyes tearing up at the bruising pace, and he had to swallow continuously in an attempt to keep all the saliva at bay.  As it was, he felt it dripping down his chin and knew he looked a mess.  Apparently, Cas was into messes, because he thrusts only picked up speed.
This raging success allowed Dean to trap Heaven’s fiercest Archangel in a cage built of his own will.  Had Castiel not been a part of it, he would not believe such a thing to be possible.
Benny came trotting out to meet them in Jo’s wake.  “This is what all the fuss was about?” He asked in his smooth Cajun drawl, eyeing Dean's companion, clearly unimpressed.
Dean lifted his hips, allowing the girls to pull his pants down and off, while Blondie the Lap Pillow unbuttoned his shirt, baring his chest.
“Hey, boys! “ Ellen hollered.  “Welcome back.  You were missed.”  She was walking towards them, one arm wrapped securely around her daughter.
He wanted to touch it again so badly it felt like a compulsion.
“Any deeper and my cock will trigger your gag reflex,” Dean grunted.  Nonetheless, he pulled out, tugging on his hips.  Before Cas could protest, Dean manhandled him until he'd flipped him to his back, grabbed his calves and pulled his feet over his head, tilting his hips off the bed, bending him nearly in half.
“Busy, huh?” Dean parroted, raising an eyebrow.  “Well, according to this,” and Dean held aloft a presumably pilfered copy of the Gas N Sip employee schedule.  “You are officially off in five minutes.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Ellen replied honestly.
“Angel cakes?”
“Hey, what’s your name?” he asked the dark haired beauty.  The man really was striking.
Rising up on his toes, he leaned in and kissed Dean gently on the lips.  “In all of creation I haven’t found anyone or anything remotely like you.  The way you feel, smell, your taste.  It’s completely unique.”  Pressing even closer, he pressed his lips against Dean’s again, a teasing hint of tongue encouraging him to respond.
Dean groaned at the bite, his body shuddering.   Cas pressed his naked body tightly against Dean’s back, pinning him in place.  His wrists were still cuffed together, but somewhere along the way, he’d managed to get rid of the chain entirely.
“Do you miss your room at the Bunker?” Cas asked curiously.
The man at the computer next to him suddenly made a choking sound, spitting a mouthful of latte into the air.  Castiel glanced over, watching the man attempt to wipe coffee droplets off the screen with a paper napkin while continuing to make that choked sound.  Humans were so odd.
Dean scanned the area, catching sight of Persephone’s Alpha sitting on the raised dais built to oversee the fights.  He was short, small for an alpha, but a vicious, conniving bugger of a man.  Crowley was currently lounging atop his mammoth throne of a chair, sipping from the new bottle of Hunter’s Helper that he’d been 'gifted' when the Winchesters first rolled in. Crowley noticed him back, smiling sardonically.  Dean winked back.
“You’re right,” Sam agreed calmly.  “Dean and I talked about that.” He sighed.  “We’ve come to a decision.  There’s really only one thing to do; some of you may not like it, but this is how it’s going to be.”
Cas groaned, losing what was left of rational thought as Dean began building speed, gliding in and out with powerful thrusts.  Somewhere along the way Cas had let loose his death grip on Dean’s ass to clutch at the sheets, digging his fingers into the mattress.  He couldn’t help, or even move really, in his current position.  All he could do was lay back and enjoy the ride.
Sam cleared his throat significantly.  Right.  Dean glowered at his brother, scooping up his crate and carrying it over to stand next to the oversized lug that was his little bro.
“No.  You don’t get to talk yet.  You had all the time in the world to talk before you disappeared to make that…thing.  It’s my turn, now.”
“I came to apologize.  I made assumptions, admittedly not without reason, and common knowledge suggests…”
“Firstly, three crates filled to the brim with highest grade gunpowder!”  The crowd roared in approval.  An excellent bid.  Dean turned away to gleefully catch Sam’s eyes.  His brother had gravitated close enough to see the fight ring over the heads of the crowd.  He gave Dean a thumbs up; eyes alight at their future prize.  Guns the Winchesters had aplenty.  Keeping them loaded was the issue.
More unhappy grumbles filled the air, louder this time, some in support, but a great many others in disagreement, voicing complaining about lack of supplies and more mouths to feed.
“I need you to find someone other than Sam to pair with this cycle.”
They had only the barest of security left to them, but those of the Harvelle pack were roughnecks by trade and nature; a handful of the salty old fighters was worth three of most anyone else.  Whoever was coming in hot would not have made it this far if they weren’t welcome.
**********
“So,” Dean began, digging into his food with a barbarian’s decorum.  Sam watched his brother’s ill manners with resigned acceptance.  “What’s up?”
“You’re gonna hafta make a decision, you know,” the gentle cadence of his distinctive Cajun drawl floated through the air.  A moment later he appeared,  leaning up against the porch.  “Before your heat decides for you.”
Castiel met his iridescent gaze glare for glare.  Dean wasn’t the only one who could make his eyes glow.  “I won’t make that promise.”
Dean shrugged.  “Not gonna lie.  Whatever it is that I’m doing; it ain’t gonna last long, but I’ll keep doing it for as long as I can.”
It had been indescribably creepy, and stabbing the critter really seemed like the only thing to do.  Especially after it had knocked Bobby out cold with a touch.  Not that the demon blade, the greatest weapon in their arsenal, had done him a lick of good at the time.  Dean wasn’t even sure an Angel could be killed.  Maybe if they still had the Colt.
Jo walked away, the toll of the last few weeks weighing heavily in the way she carried herself, normally so strong backed and proud.  She’d carry on; she was her father’s pup.
Of course his father found out.  Not much got past John Winchester.  And in John’s defense, he didn’t blame Dean, not really.  He blamed himself.  Which was so much worse.  Blaming Dean, or even Sam, for the choices they’d made meant a spanking, cold treatment for a time, or worse of all, making it clear he was disappointed.
“This is a problem,” Dean said finally.  He looked up, more serious than Cas ever remembered seeing him
Emmanuel looked so peaceful; unburdened by the metric load of crap he'd been dealt the past few years.  Bobby knew the world would come along bristling with pins to burst that particular bubble sooner or later.  Call him an old sentimental, but he felt like the man should have at least a measure of peace while he could.
