Lilith just keeps smiling at him, and Azazel waves a reluctant hand. Alastair smirks at Bela. “I thought you only went around with boys that had something to offer to society, Bela. Ain’t that what you told me?”
So Lisa plows on. “I know, it was just a game and you were just trying to help Charlie out, and honestly, I just feel stupid.” She laughs, and if it’s a little manic, then Dean’s nice enough to pretend he doesn’t notice. “Cas is your best friend, and a
Castiel rolls his eyes and sits up, just enough that he can comfortably glare at Dean. “Don’t make fun of me.”
Castiel doesn’t give himself time to panic. As soon as Dean has closed the door, Castiel pulls him in close, kissing him fiercely. Dean is on-board immediately, his hands returning to Castiel’s dress shirt, opening it deftly and dragging his undershirt up, palm firmly pressed to Castiel’s skin. When his fingers brush against a nipple, Castiel hisses, jerking out of the kiss, and Dean’s pupils dilate as he watches.
She hands the phone over and walks out without another word. Dean sighs and puts the phone to his ear.
Dean frowns, perturbed. He’s only met Naomi Milton once, and it didn’t end well. Half because the woman had decided she didn’t like Dean before she ever met him, and half because Cas mouthed off at her over that decision.
“So,” Dean starts when they reach a crosswalk. On the other side is the garage, and Dean’s studio. “Are you okay?”
“Don’t,” Sam cuts him off, eyes glued to the television. “A bunch of people donated to get you that. Well.” He grins sheepishly, turning to look at Dean. “Cas donated most of it. But! You can’t give it back.”
“Yeah, yeah, he’s been through enough today,” Charlie says, waving the tension away with her hands. “Tell me, Anna: what can you recommend on the room service menu?”
“How is he?” Dean asks, when he's got his head under control. He opens his eyes to see Anna staring at him, something like concern in her eyes, her body tilted towards him. “How’s Cas?”
i haven't finished the summary for part four yet, but i'm hoping to get that done by the end of the week. i hope it's helpful!
They arrive at the park right on time, but Jo and Charlie are already sitting underneath a tree with a pile of comic books between them. Sam is out on the field, a soccer ball under his arm, though he seems far more interested in talking to the tow-headed girl in front of him. Still, Sam is the one who notices them first, waving cheerfully and handing his soccer ball to his friend before running over to grab Castiel in a hug.
Naomi breathes his name, the beginning of a reprimand, and Jody steps in again. “So the issue here is that Dean is, what… too low class for you?” Her tone makes no secret of how ridiculous she finds this, and Castiel suddenly longs to hug her when she laughs. “All right, well, I just had to ask. Guess you never considered that diamonds come from coal.”
Maybe Castiel should’ve kept that in mind, instead of letting his daydreams get away from him. Instead of letting Dean run the show and lead him down a path where he can’t see any potential ending, good or bad, Castiel should’ve been stronger. He should be stronger from now on.
After a few seconds, Charlie prompts him again, and when Dean still fails to respond, she threatens, “I’ll tell him if you don’t.”
,” she emphasizes when Castiel opens his mouth. “Not us. We’re not going to play messenger for you.”
That had actually been a good day, all things considered. They’d passed Dean, Sam, Jo and Sarah outside the ice cream parlor, and when Jo waved at Castiel, he’d been allowed to join them for a few minutes, and even got to introduce them to Gabriel and Anna. Lucifer had stayed away, uninterested, but at least this time he didn’t rat Castiel out to Michael.
At the curb, Dean leaves the car idling, but he gets out to help Castiel grab his luggage from the trunk, then pulls him into a tight embrace. Behind them, someone yells something about no parking on the curb, but Castiel ignores that, leaning into Dean’s arms and taking a deep breath, enjoying the smell of leather and spice on his skin.
“Look, Winchester,” she huffs, “there’s certainly no love lost between us, I promise you that. I don’t particularly give a flying fuck about you.”
“I would like to speak with Hannah alone, however,” Castiel continues. “Thank you for the escort, and I’ll thank you for not spreading needless gossip, either.”
The silence that follows is awkward, and Dean’s not sure if it’s because it’s taken so long for him to get back out here, or because they’re not alone. Castiel shifts forward, then back, before turning to study Charlie and Benny again.
An orange-vested airport employee glares at Castiel when he finally turns around to step up onto the curb and head inside, but he ignores him, instead focusing on whether it’s a good or bad thing that Dean knows how that kind of domestic talk affects him.
“Yeah right.” Castiel rolls his eyes. “They have an office there they use to keep up with all this business and accounting shit I don’t understand. I’ll just be shadowing Michael all day.”
“Yes, that one. He’s out for your head right now, and frankly, I don’t know why I’m warning you. Maybe it’d do you some good.”
“Cas?” says Dean, but Castiel just holds his hands up before spinning on his heel and taking off for the boardwalk. He’s slower in the sand, and Dean is still yelling after him, but once he gets on solid ground he’ll be too fast for Dean to keep up. He doesn’t know where he’s going, he just has to get
Dean rolls his eyes, then shifts away from her again, reaching for where he’d dropped his pants beside his bed and pulling his phone out of the pocket. “Hello?” he says, not bothering to look at the screen.
The rain pounds against the bay window, steady and uncaring. Charlie peers over the top of the DVD case, eyes wide, and Dean stays still, afraid of startling her. Thunder rolls in the distance, and Charlie takes a little breath.
“You were very rude to Castiel, Dean,” Lisa says, placing her hands on her hips. “You treat him like a toy, something you can just put away when you don’t need it. Doesn’t he deserve better?”
This is when Dean realizes that he still doesn't know what's going through Cas's head. Clearly, Anna wasn't lying, but while Dean has actually come out and said the words, Cas has not.
Silence fills the cabin, broken only by Dean’s soft noises. He’s holding out, giving Castiel a chance to break away if he really needs to. But then, cool fingers brush Dean’s ears, down his neck, between his shoulder blades, before returning to rub gently at his scent gland, pulling a rough groan from Dean’s throat.
That said, Dean’s warm hands covering his hips, guiding him this way and that, has put ideas into Castiel’s head. Not for the first time, he can see in his head, the minute movements of Dean’s body, positioned a little differently. He thinks he’d like to try that. He tried it once before, with Inias, and it wasn’t great, but Inias isn’t Dean. Dean loves Castiel. He’d go slow and gentle if Castiel asked him to, and he’d take care of him. They’d take care of each other. It could be romantic.
“Dean,” Cas breathes, “you have an incredible artistic talent. Are you really telling me you’d throw that away?” When Dean doesn’t respond, Cas huffs. “On what? Parties with strangers?”
The wind has picked up again, and the clouds have helped to darken the sky, blocking the sunset. Castiel’s hair whips around, out of control, as he climbs the front steps and knocks on the Winchester’s front door. He worries, for a few seconds, that maybe he has missed Dean, but then the door opens to reveal a smiling Sam.
For the next several weeks, long after Cas has gone back to school and a little past when Lisa abruptly moves to Portland, Dean goes to that blank wall after school or after work. And, weighted down with guilt and self-loathing and the image of Cas’s eyes burned into his mind, Dean paints.
Castiel wants to laugh, but his lungs still feel a little too small. “I had an issue with everyone else.”
“My family’s money doesn’t define me.” Castiel rolls his shoulders, trying to focus on his carrots, trying to prove something to Dean. “I’d rather not be alienated for it.”
Dean grins again. "Hell yeah," he answers, cupping Castiel's jaw and pulling him in for a deep and insistent kiss.
“Hey, Lis,” Dean says. “So technically I’m still grounded, but I have to pick Sam up from soccer practice in a bit, do you want to meet me at the field?”
“No, that’s all right,” Naomi cuts him off, speaking rapidly. “You can stay in there. A boy your age will need privacy.”
It’s only when Dean realizes his eyes are burning with tears that he finally trails off into silence, and Cas lets it sit for a moment before responding, “Dean, you did the right thing.”
But Dean doesn’t listen, or doesn’t care. Because as Castiel watches, Dean draws a fist back and punches the boy’s jaw. Castiel yells, but it’s drowned out by the sudden rising jeers of the other people around him. Even Ruby is shifting,  inadvertently dragging Castiel into the little circle that’s formed. She’s still heavy against his side even as she curses and encourages Dean, and Castiel is a little horrified to see Lilith and Bela doing the same. Dean lets another fist fly, this one making a terrible crunching noise, and Castiel finally drops Ruby when he sees the blood in the dirt, the boy’s split lip and crooked nose.
“Oh!” And Dean’s face practically lights up. He sets his sketchbook aside to take the green portrait from Castiel, smiling down at it. “Sonny gave me an art humanities textbook, and I kinda fell in love with Frida Kahlo. She painted mostly self-portraits, y’know? They’re just…” he trails off, closing his eyes and pressing his palm to his chest. “You can feel her pain when you look at them. She shows how emotional pain can feel physical, and what that physical pain feels like, and I… I wanted to try it.”
“You can’t just mold me in your image, Dean.” Castiel pulls out record out of its sleeve anyway, placing it on the turntable and setting the needle. As the Beach Boys start to sing about girls across the country, Cas leans back on his arms and makes a face at Dean. “I’m my own person with my own tastes.”
Castiel lets Dean buy the tickets without fuss, afraid that playful arguing could become a real fight, and Dean notices this too, watching him intently even as they go through the door and get their tickets torn. He brushes his fingers through the curls behind Castiel’s ears, commenting, “You’re quiet today.”
Dean’s face crumples, and he makes a strange little groaning noise. “Probably,” he says, running a hand through his hair. “Alastair doesn’t like to start without me.”
Castiel shrugs and leans back into the couch. He still reeks of sweat, but figures it’d be better to save the shower until after the pizza is delivered, if only to torment Anna. “We met, we liked each other, we had things in common, we became friends,” he answers flatly. Anna scowls and shoves his shoulder in a burst of irritation, but settles down almost instantly, relaxing back into the couch with her arms crossed over her chest.
Dean rolls his eyes and grabs the lantern, handing it to Lilith when she gets up again. “You guys go ahead, I’ll help Cas.”
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to be surprised: Dean is leading him towards the abandoned building next to the garage, the one Dean painted after that awful summer a couple years ago. The one that has electric blue eyes weeping a thunderstorm around a lost little rowboat that represents Dean.
The Seaside Cafe is a little white building located on the boardwalk, with large, blue-trimmed windows and a patio that allows patrons to overlook the beach. Castiel’s first plan had been to sit outside and wait for Aaron, but the sky is grumpy gray again, and it starts to rain just as he arrives, so with huff of annoyance, he decides to go ahead and wait inside.
Lisa and Cas stand outside the circle, even as Sam and Gabe and Anna jump in. Lisa has a grin on her face, eyes bright as she watches her boyfriend sway like an idiot and sing along, off-key. Cas, however, looks confused, his brow furrowed.
“Now wait a damn minute,” Dean says, gently pushing Jo off him. “I didn’t even say I’d take you, now I’m ruining everybody’s good time?”
Dean jumps and blushes before turning to look at him, but Sonny just smiles. “Looks like you broke through that block, son.”
Dean grins and shakes his head, as if he can read Castiel’s mind. “They’re all mated, or they’re my brother, so they’re not
Cas rests his hand on Dean’s arm and says, “Sorry,” before biting his lip and looking away. “I thought… I didn’t mean to be rude-”
“What the hell was that for?” Dean snaps, and Jo rolls her eyes, reaching out a hand to help Dean get to his feet.
Lucifer waves away his concern, and stumbles down the stairs to flop on the couch next to his brother. He stares blankly at the television for a moment, which Castiel takes as an opportunity to text Dean.
It’s Jo. It’s messy and a little cartoony and done all in pen, but it’s clearly Jo, laughing at something unseen. Surprised, Castiel flips through the pages.
A small, fluttery part of him wonders if Cas is The One, but he quickly smothers it. Cas is with Meg. They may not be together forever, but Cas is still interested in girls, which means he’s probably not interested in guys. It’s really not worth Dean getting his hopes up on the off-chance that Cas turns out to be anything other that straight.
“Cas, you’re still covered in mud,” Dean says with a laugh, taking the cloak from Benny’s hand. “He’s right, it’s not a very good first impression if you might end up their prince someday, so c’mon.” He presses the cloth into Castiel’s hands. “Don’t take it personally.”
Cas takes a deep breath and joins him by the door, touching Dean's shoulder. "This isn't a rejection. I want us to stay in touch this year. And maybe the next time I see you, we can talk about what happened today. What you said and what's in here." He points at the package again, then leans back into Dean's space. "I just have a lot to think about. And I think you do too."
Dean frowns without thinking about it - who could ever be tired of Cas? It takes a moment for him to realize it’s probably a joke, but the thought that Cas and Meg have already evolved to old married couple jokes just makes his chest ache.
Lisa takes a step down, and at her height it’s just enough that she can meet Dean’s eyes without looking up at him. She twists her wrist just so, forcing him to release her, and tightens her jaw as she leans into Dean’s space.
Cas stares at the wall, his jaw tight and brow furrowed. Tension crackles through the air again, but it’s not the kind Dean likes. It’s the kind that Cas uses to build a wall, but Dean’s not willing to go down without a fight, especially when they finally crossed that bridge.
“She’s not the one you have to worry about,” Dean jokes. Lisa shifts under his arm, and Cas just nods slowly.
it, they did, but Dean fucked it up again, and he’s not sure he can handle this. “You don’t have to.”
Last year, that had scared Dean. Hell, it kind of scares him now. But more important than Dean’s insecurities is the fact that Cas is actually eagerly kissing Dean, with tongue and everything, and even if this drives them apart again when Cas comes to his senses, Dean just wants to have this for as long as he can take it.
There are no right words to say. This is impossible. Everything is just tangled up in knots of Aaron and Lisa and Meg and vodka and fights and fear, and Castiel has no idea where to begin.
“Is she back in town?” Cas answers, eyes on the ceiling. The fan blades are spinning above their heads, keeping the air moving and adding a low-volume hum underneath the music. “Mother flew out to Louisiana this morning, and Michael’s in Portland for the rest of the week, so whenever Lisa’s ready, so am I.”
There’s a haze around him, but otherwise he looks pretty normal, for a guy who talks to horses. Dark hair, light eyes, handsome face, and fully-dressed in what looks like cotton and deerskin. Dean chuckles to himself, which makes the alpha pause.
“Oh.” Jo blinks, then manages a smile. “I thought we could all go down to the beach and make a bonfire. I texted Dean, but he never responded.”
True. Charlie didn’t end up with Jo, but she did find Gilda, and they’re a happy, cute couple. Not to mention, they’re all still young. His own parents had been high school sweethearts, and look how their relationship turned out. Dean had hoped Lisa would prove that wouldn’t happen to him too, that she would be his high school sweetheart and eventual wife, maybe someday the mother of his children. Losing her had opened his eyes to the fact that he may have to wait several years before he finds The One. If there even is a ‘One.’
Jody smiles back and touches Castiel’s shoulder before heading down the front steps and back towards the parking lot. Castiel studies her business card for a moment, then tucks it in his pocket. He’s fairly certain he’ll never need it, but it can’t hurt to keep it as leverage, can it?
She recognizes her mistake almost instantly, clapping a hand over her mouth before she even notices the stupid, open-mouthed smile on Dean’s face, before he even gets the chance to grab her shoulders and shake her and demand she share this information with him.
Again, thank you all for your support and your kindness. Whenever I get frustrated with the story, or with how difficult it is to get it noticed, you guys are there to keep me going and I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it. Every single one of you. Please let me know if you're enjoying the story with a comment or a message on
Thankfully, Charlie is who she is. She’s the first to smile at Castiel and stand up to hug him. “I missed you,” she whispers before pulling back and ruffling his hair. “Benny told us you guys were working things out. Well,” she giggles, “he didn’t say it so nicely, but still. We were expecting you.”
wanted us to be ready first. Well, I’m ready now. And,” he swallows, averting his gaze for a moment before turning back to Castiel, his eyes searching. “And if you’re not, that’s okay. I can wait a little longer.”
“Maybe,” Cas drawls, casual as a picnic on a summer day, “after I let you fuck me, maybe I can return the favor.” With a wicked smile, Cas leans down to nibble at Dean’s earlobe, whispering. “D’you ever think about that? About me inside you? ‘Cause I promise, Dean,” and Cas’s cheshire smile stretches when Dean turns to stare at him, and there’s so much heat
Missouri nods, waving her excuses away. “Go on, then, I’ll see you both in a couple weeks.” She turns her smile to Dean once again, as he starts to step away. “Thank you for the painting, Dean. I’ll cherish it.”
Dean shakes them away and ignores the way his face has heated up, choosing instead to focus on selecting a better color palette. Something that might impress Cas when he arrives.
Michael blinks, something that’s almost hurt appearing in his eyes, but he nods slowly, and actually puts an arm around Castiel’s shoulder as they walk back to the courts.
. It’s weak and pathetic and terrifying, but Castiel can’t help falling every time he makes Dean laugh, every time they sit too close and let the electricity gather between them, every time Dean’s fingertips make contact with his skin. But he can’t say it yet. He can read it all over Dean’s paintings, but he doesn’t want to hear it and can’t make himself say it, gagged by the fear of leaving himself that vulnerable.
Dean takes a short breath, squinting at the signs beneath the streetlights. “It’ll be… fun,” Dean tries, but it sounds weak even to his own ears. Lisa glances up at him, but quickly turns back to the sidewalk. Maybe she’ll accept it as Dean being distracted, trying to find the right house.
Naomi’s smile is broader, and she nods at him. “Thank you, Dean. I’ll have Castiel inform you when we have more details. Now.” She glances back into the hotel room before sternly announcing, “It’s late, and I suppose you have a family you need to get home to.”
Lucifer tells Michael about what Castiel does during the day, and Michael subsequently puts his foot down. The fight that ensues is not something Castiel thought himself capable of, and judging by the way his siblings stare at him open-mouthed, they didn’t think so either.
They walk in silence for a while, as the noise of their friends the bonfire starts to fade away, and Dean appreciates that, at least. He doesn’t really understand what’s happening in his head, so he really doesn’t want to talk about it right now. He saw Missouri earlier today, told her everything about the ache he feels at the thought of Meg, and the forgiveness Dean doesn’t deserve from Cas. She had listened patiently, and asked a few questions, but they had mostly pertained to Dean’s stress and agitation and how to keep them under control. He was left in the dark about what these feelings meant, and it almost makes them worse.
. In the middle of his heat. It shouldn’t hurt this much. Dean gets shot down by maids and knights alike all the time, and it rolls off him like nothing, but
And Dean’s not sure if that’s alpha instinct that Castiel is attempting to control, or if it’s an indulgent fantasy, but he lets himself believe, for just a few moments, that he and Castiel could be mates.
Castiel pulls his knees up to his chest, pouting as he watches the choppy water climb up and down the sand. This beach is clean, generally free of driftwood, but that only makes it feel fake. It’s not the beach unless you’re kicking seaweed from between your toes.
"Yes we do! Goddammit, Dean." Cas runs both hands through his hair, and he looks like a wild animal, beautiful and furious. "You're a mess! You're a fucking mess and we want to help you because we love you, is that a crime?"
"I give them away, more often than not," Dean says honestly, and if he hadn't turned his head just then, he would've missed the minuscule pout on Cas's face. "What's that look for?"
Still, even if they hadn’t invited all their friends to join them, when Dean pulls into a gravel parking lot near the docks, just past the old tuna canning factory, Castiel kind of wishes their first date had just been a milkshake at the Roadhouse. He doesn’t want Dean to feel like he has to work so hard to impress him.
And, since there’s a good chance Dean might not be in Sileas this summer, this could be their last shot at reaching this milestone.
“You make me very happy.” Dean leaves a kiss on the tip of Castiel’s nose before pulling him into a solid, comforting embrace. Castiel returns it, holding Dean as close to him as possible as they let the conversation sink in. Sometimes communication between them seems like a brick wall, so Castiel is content to bask in these moments where everything flows easily. Where they understand each other.
Still, Castiel takes over drying himself off, allowing Dean to lean back and ignore Jo’s knowing smirk. “Benny, this is-”
I missed the year anniversary of when I started posting this story, so I want to thank those of you have stuck around this long, or at least those who have been around a while, haha. I wanted to do something special, but I'm always bad at thinking of stuff like that, plus the date came and went before I realized it. Is there anything you'd like to see? You can say so in a comment or send me a message at
He smiles as they roughhouse, elbowing and shoving one another in an attempt to better share the screen.
Castiel’s heart drops so quickly it makes him nauseous. She’ll force him to leave. She’ll send him off to stay with Uncle for a while, change his phone number or maybe just take the phone away altogether, and he’ll never-
“Besides, Meg’s fun once you get to know her.” Bela pokes Dean’s shoulder, and for a brief, strange moment, she almost reminds him of Jo. “Maybe you should spend some time with both of them.”
His phone starts to vibrate in his hand, and the screen glows with Cas’s name. Something tugs at Dean’s chest, but it’s just another sort of pain, so he clicks the button to ignore the call. Then, he opens up his address book and dials Alastair’s number.
Dean smiles, running a hand through his hair. “It was a very bad seduction attempt, yes.” He reaches for the remote, turning the television off as he continues, “You don’t have to---”
“You’re a selfish prick,” Bela snaps when Castiel still doesn’t respond. “I expected better of you. Clearly, you and Dean are crazy in love with one another, but you do all this bullshit instead of just kissing and being happy and I don’t understand
Like Gabriel standing up to Naomi and threatening to abandon her the way Lucifer did unless she let him use what was left of his college fund to open a bakery in New Orleans, and how Castiel was allowed to visit him for spring break, and help him make devil’s food cupcakes, and sugar cookies shaped like
“It’s okay.” When Dean turns around, Cas is looking at the countertop. “I just… I don’t want Meg to get hurt the way Lisa did.”
Castiel holds his breath for a moment, glancing back towards the field of little bungalows, their own just out of sight. He can’t even think of anything he could do to entertain himself while he waits for the sun to rise and his brothers to stop fighting, but anything is better than sitting in the same house as they verbally tear each other apart. “In,” he breathes, and slips into the passenger side.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Castiel says, though he’s more concerned about Dean than the king. Perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to start sharing pieces of himself with the prince. They’re going to have a child together, after all- it would be good to spend the remaining months of Dean’s pregnancy getting to know one another.
With that, Mary finishes her beer, leaves a kiss on Castiel’s temple, and wishes him a happy new year as she heads upstairs to grab a nap before her next shift. Castiel finishes his tea, and when he gets to his feet to go back to bed, he realizes that he feels better. There are still some mild aches in his neck and shoulders, but he doesn’t feel as weighed down mentally anymore. Doubts aren’t racing through his brain the way they were last night, and the silence is so gratifying. Hopeful. And he knows this peace won’t last forever, so now seems like a good time to grab a few more hours of sleep.
"Yeah," and Dean is speaking far too loudly considering the time of day, the proximity of the houses, but Castiel finds that he really doesn't care. "It's a little cheesy, but Astoria's only a couple hours from here, and we're just a bunch of misfits ourselves... Wait." Dean groans at Castiel's mystified expression. "Don't tell me you've never seen
But he and Dean never did more than kiss while Dean was dating Lisa, and it’s not like Castiel hasn’t made a point of telling everyone that he’s not dating Dean now.
Castiel glances down at his outfit again and shrugs, trying to appear far more casual than he feels. “Gonna go pick up lonely truck drivers on the interstate, obviously.”
Castiel hears it clearer now, Bobby yelling at Dean to get off the damn phone, but Dean just huffs and stays on the line, waiting patiently for Castiel’s response.
“Um,” Dean manages, his face turning red as he grabs at Castiel’s biceps, trying to keep his balance.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “Don’t be that guy, Dean,” she says, reaching over to put her hand on top of his, forcing his fingers to relax. “You’re straight. Fine. If you’re so straight that you have a gorgeous girlfriend you’re crazy about, why should it matter if you play a game where you’re forced to kiss, I dunno, Ash? Or Victor.” Charlie laughs, completely unaware of the way Dean’s brain has just shut off. “Victor might be the best idea, honestly, no one would question you then.”
Dean is floating on air the entire elevator ride up to Cas’s room. Something has struck a giddy little spark in his chest, and he clutches his copy of
Benny must make a gesture of some sort, a silent response, because Castiel hears nothing but Dean’s pleased laughter as he presses the call button. Then, Dean arm is around his shoulder again, and Dean’s lips are against his cheek.
Dean blinks at him, then laughs. “You’re fucking ridiculous,” he says fondly, as he mirrors Castiel’s position. “Okay, okay. She’s just… kinda perfect, y’know? Absolutely gorgeous, and like I couldn’t tell you what color her eyes are or any of that romantic crap… but she’s got a smile that could light up a room.” And now Dean’s smiling, even as he runs a hand over his mouth, and Castiel smiles too.
Don’t think Castiel doesn’t notice the way Anna’s eyes are darting between Charlie and Castiel, or the perturbed little face Jo makes. Distance is something Castiel is concerned about in his own relationship, but their youth and their potential for finding other people hadn’t crossed his mind before.
Michael had made it very clear that he didn’t approve of Gabriel and Castiel sneaking out late at night, and not to do it again (which means, Castiel is pretty sure, he can’t go out with Bela; he can’t decide if he’s disappointed or relieved). But, under pressure and with their mother’s approval, Michael had decided to allow them both to continue to go out as long as there were no appointments for the day, and they came home before curfew. He had insinuated, several times, that he didn’t like Castiel hanging out with the locals, but Gabriel is willing to encourage any dissent in the ranks, and had surprisingly agreed to cover for Castiel whenever he wanted to spend time with his new friends.
Cas stares up at him for a moment, then sits up and stretches past Dean towards the nightstand, where he finds a notepad and a pen. “I’ll write some ideas down for you. Okay?”
Dean furrows his brow, but takes a few steps back before lowering the box to read the summary on the back. Blah blah ‘teen comedy,’ yadda ya ‘coming of age,’ la dee da ‘sexual discovery.’ Dean’s not sure what sets the movie apart from any other teen comedy he and Charlie have seen lately, but then he actually notices the pictures adorning the back cover, and the term ‘sexual discovery’ takes on a whole new meaning.
Dean releases one of Castiel’s hand to tip his chin, still smiling like he has a secret. “She realized what she was doing when you got my mom and came to rescue us. Lisa said I was lucky to have you, because you’re not afraid to give me what I need instead of what I want.”
“Not really,” Jo says. “We see you doodle a lot, but I’ve never actually seen any sort of finished product.”
“You can tell me no,” Castiel mumbles, his lips brushing the dip in Dean’s chin. “Anytime you want.”
But when Cas removes his hand, Dean can only keep staring. “I don’t… know,” he says quietly, after a long silence. The album has run itself out, skipping over white noise, but neither of them bother to get up and change the album, or even just to lift the needle. “I’ve never thought about it.”
“This place is more for kids than for us,” Castiel replies, tossing another fish at a pretty seal resting against the wall. “Might as well help make it memorable for them.”
Castiel is only just feeling tipsy when someone wrenches the bottle from his hands and tosses it into the woods. The glass shatters, and Azazel yells, “What the fuck, that bottle was thirty bucks!” But Castiel just keeps his eyes on Dean, who is staring down at him, backlit by the lantern, terrifying in the shadows that hide his eyes.
Meg knew. She had to know. She’s the one who led Dean to realize his feelings, after all, and all the times she told Dean he owed her for helping him make up with Cas. She knew about Dean’s feelings, but what did that matter in her relationship with Cas? Dean never stood a chance against her…
Dean presses back against her as much as he can, sliding his hand down to her thigh. Lisa hesitates, taking a breath, before claiming Dean’s lips again, a little rougher than before. Surprised, Dean slides his other hand up her back, trying to placate her. She’s radiating heat, and hotter as his fingers carefully climb up her thigh. She makes a soft noise into his mouth, and Dean’s brain short-circuits. He’s going to touch her and she’s going to let him. She trusts him enough to let him. This is it. The big moment.
The line is wound around the store in a way that only barely makes sense, and employees are wandering through ensuring that everyone stays where they are until midnight, when the first box is opened and the first book is sold. Dean has been to more than one of these parties, so he knows the routine by now - he and the other Goonies have had their copies pre-ordered for weeks, and he and Charlie had held their place in line for hours. Dean had been pleased to learn that Cas had pre-ordered his, Anna's, and Meg’s copies as soon as they arrived in town, and had snagged some of the last entry bracelets available.
Cas’s hand tightens, gripping Dean’s t-shirt taut around his hip, and Dean hopes he didn’t say all of that aloud too.
“I didn’t mean to!” Dean argues, his voice cracking mid-sentence. “I just turned and you were there and then oops, our mouths touched!”
to set them up like that? Without Jo knowing? Not to mention…” Cas pauses, briefly meeting Dean’s eyes before turning his head away. “Other people might get hurt too.”
Dean giggles outright, covering his face with his hands. This guy. This fucking guy. Dean likes him already. “And my horse, she’s,” he takes a deep breath, “she can hold a conversation?”
He actually opens his mouth this time, but the words catch in his throat when a series of images flickers through his brain: Cas wide-eyed and four inches shorter out in the woods behind the school; Cas barefoot in his pajamas, smelling of peppermint; Cas nudging Bela and telling her to leave Dean alone; Cas’s face lit up in pink and green lights, carefully studying Dean’s expression.
They have six months to get to know each other. He doesn’t need to know everything of Castiel’s history right this second. He knows that Castiel is kind and gentle, and he just
“That’s a pretty color,” Sonny comments. Dean only nods again, distracted by his work. “It reminds me of that mural just off Main. The one with-”
“Of course,” Dean scoffs, kicking his shoes into the corner. “It’s the only way to listen to music.”
“These are my friends, Charlie and Benny,” he offers, gesturing at each in turn. Castiel keeps nodding, eyeing their horses and their gold and scarlet clothes.
. Castiel had completely forgotten. He probably had his own copy waiting at the front desk, but he couldn’t bring himself to go pick it up. Bela quickly got frustrated, not wanting to spoil the story for him, and ended up calling Charlie on her way out the door.
But Cas doesn't look at the paintings right away. He meets Dean's eyes, a small smile on his face, and opens his mouth to speak before quickly closing it again, and shaking his head.
Castiel peeks out around the door and says nothing. His brothers are all staring at him from the kitchen entryway, though Gabriel is the only one who doesn’t look angry. Tired, maybe, or confused, but not angry.
Castiel turns his head, smirking, as Bela appears next to him. “What are you doing out here, troublemaker?” he asks, making her laugh softly.
“It’s been out for almost a year!” Castiel says with a laugh. “Don’t worry, the next one will be out by summer. I’ll get you copies for both.”
Charlie, Jo, and Pam are steadfastly ignoring him now, and it turns out it’s not a lot of fun being on the receiving end of a cold shoulder. That’s probably exactly the point they’re trying to make, but Castiel is too immersed in his own guilt and confusion and nervousness to care.
Instead, he takes a deep breath. Runs his hands through his hair. And approaches the couple with a strained smile.
“You’re dating,” Jo says with a know-it-all nod. “I don’t care what you say. You and Dean are boyfriends, and it’s disgusting.”
Maybe, Castiel thinks defiantly, but even if he might be jealous of Lucifer's ability to stand up to their brother, he doesn't want to draw the same ire towards himself. He doesn’t want to contribute to the growing crack in his family’s veneer. "No. Of course not."
Castiel stops walking. Jess jerks to a stop as well, still holding onto his arm, and frowns at him in confusion. “What’s the matter?”
? Dean never would’ve guessed, considering the way he was shut out. He’d be angry, if he wasn’t so confused. “You’ve grown. You look good.”
Dean grabs two more kegs, drops them near the staircase, then fumbles to keep them steady as he starts back downstairs. He probably should do this one at a time, but the more he can carry, the fewer times he has to go up and down these fucking stairs. He sets them down as soon as he’s reached the bottom, just to rest his arms, and is surprised when he glances around and only sees Bobby, carefully labeling boxes with a Sharpie.
His lungs are burning when he reaches his destination. He pauses, leaning over to try and catch his breath, and is briefly grateful that Jo found Anna somewhere that he can get a cold drink.
“Thanks, but that’s not the point.” Castiel sighs again. “Come on, guess you can leave out the front door today.”
Because yes, Castiel is avoiding Dean now, but they always come back together eventually. Castiel is weak, and he’s accepted that about himself. However far he tries to run, he always gets pulled back into Dean’s orbit, and that’s just how it is. But how will he manage to see Dean again if Naomi is around all the time? He can’t just shove her off on Anna.
"That's what you think," Dean shoots back. Between his confidence and Castiel's immediate blush, Bela's gasp is almost overkill.
By the time Castiel has found his gate and taken a seat to wait, it’s almost 9 A.M. He stares out the window at the dissipating fog, then pulls out his phone, gently rubbing his thumb over the screen. He knows that, on a typical weekday, Dean should be awake by now. He knows that Dean likes to take his shower as soon as he rolls out of bed, then heads upstairs to start making a nice breakfast, which is ready by the time Sam gets up for school, so they can at least have that meal together. Then Sam goes to school, followed by soccer practice in the fall, or lacrosse practice in the spring, and Dean goes to the garage, occasionally followed by shifts at the Roadhouse.
Groaning, Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose. “There’s a lot more to that story than what Jo told you, I’m sure.”
,” Dean gasps, and Castiel’s hips jerk forward of their own accord, slip-sliding between Dean’s cheeks thanks to the slick that’s dripping out of him. Dean moans outright, tilting his head back until it’s nestled under Castiel’s chin. His scent gland is right there, so close that Castiel can’t smell anything but caramel and apples and cinnamon. It’s an inescapable cloud of this
“What are we doing here?” Dean asks, and Castiel feels the way his lips twist up in a smirk before he adds, “Honey?”
Cas is quiet, his fingers gently clenched in Dean's t-shirt. "Yeah, well, that's what I'm here for, I guess. Lighten things up a little."
“Maybe I will.” Castiel smiles back. “But I trust you now. I fell apart and you didn’t judge, you just held me through it. You made me do what was best for me, instead of what I thought I wanted.”
The woman puts a hands on her hip, the other busy holding a cup, and clears her throat. Dean immediately ducks his head, cheeks flushed, and puts his hands behind his back. “Hello, Missouri,” he mumbles. “It’s nice to see you.”
Dean lifts a hand to Cas’s hair, just to touch it, because he’s never really had the chance to do that before, and Cas moans around him, wings fluttering, clearly pleased. Dean whimpers, tightens his grip, and tilts his head back to mouth at Lisa’s jaw, her chin, the corner of her lips, whatever he can reach. She giggles softly, nibbling at his shoulder, playfully refusing to allow him a real kiss and therefore forcing him to focus on Cas.
Now there’s tension. Two grown alphas staring one another down, one of them bristling and sending out a threatening smell, while Castiel tries not to react either way. Threatening the king, even just with a scent, is a surefire way to get a rope around your neck, but at the same time, Castiel can’t be a coward and defer. He has to prove himself worthy to be Dean’s mate, and the kind of alpha who would immediately bare his neck and yield is certainly not worthy to protect a family.
He takes a step towards Jo, breathes deep, and leans down to whisper, lower than the elevator music playing overhead but close enough for her to hear: “You don’t own him, Jo.”
. And Castiel’s not exactly huge, but he’s not exactly small either, and he’s left gawping like a fish at the sight of Dean’s lips stretched around the base of his cock.
,” Dean manages, pushing one hand through Castiel’s hair and tugging hard. “Cas, I’m gonna… can you get
“I fucked up,” Cas answers. The wind is still going strong, beating at his ears and leaving his hair a hopeless mess, but the rising pink in Dean’s skin actually works for him. “My dad’s here, and he’s going to take me to LA for a couple weeks, until school starts.”
But her smile isn’t flirtatious or amused. There’s a kindness in it that Dean isn’t used to, so he tilts his head and meets her gaze. “What’re you lookin’ at?”
Victor cuts her off by making a rude noise, pressing his palm to his mouth and blowing air against it. “They’re just being chickenshit. Like the whole town doesn’t already know Dean’s dating Lisa! Your sexuality and masculinity are perfectly safe, Winchester, just get it over with so we can move on!”
“No, open it now.” The more he stalls, the worse it’ll be, but nothing will be as bad as her opening the door to find Dean still in his room. “Castiel!”
In a flurry of jewel-toned paper and ribbon, Castiel and the Winchesters set to work reaping their bounty. The gifts from the Miltons are mostly generic: bath sets and socks and winter gear, though Dean does get a nice pile of comic books from Castiel’s siblings, who apparently actually
“Thanks, Sam,” Jo says, leaning over to press a kiss to Sam’s cheek, making him blush bright pink. Dean laughs again, slapping the steering wheel.
“You’re bossy,” Dean repeats, louder this time. Castiel sits up and grins as Dean makes a selection and heads for the television.
: to lick Cas’s navel, to see how soft his belly is, to play with his nipples and see what kind of noises he can make. Dean’s hips buck instinctively, and Cas whimpers, reaching his hands up to pull Dean back in for more kissing. His hands gently cradle Dean’s face, and Dean slides his hand higher, dragging Cas’s undershirt up with it. Cas’s muscles twitch under his touch, and Dean chuckles softly, moving to nuzzle his nose against Cas’s flushed cheek.
“We were watching the Santa Clause,” he says, “if you want to join us.” When she still seems hesitant, Sam adds, “We can invite Charlie and Dorothy too. Have a small party here.”
Castiel retrieves Dean’s clothes and redresses himself while Dean attempts to wash even more sweat and come from his skin. They’re silent as Dean dries off and pulls his clothes back on. They feel heavy and strange after spending so much time with just a blanket and his skin, and Dean tugs sharply at his collar as he whistles for Impala.
Charlie nudges Dean gently, giving him a bright smile when he turns to look at her. “What do you say we throw a party?” she says, trying too hard to be cheerful. “Just like Jo’s, but out on the beach. That’d be fun, right?”
Castiel bristles, and starts to defend himself when he looks back at Sam and Sarah’s silhouettes and notices the skyline turning pink. “... It’s dawn?”
“Hey!” They all turn at the new voice, belonging to the small, dark-haired girl stumbling towards them. Sam suddenly blushes pink, tugging the frisbee up in an attempt to hide his face when she reaches them. “Did you guys want s’mores or not? Charlie and Andy are getting antsy!” She glances up at Castiel, assessing him before adding, “He can come too, we got the jumbo bag of marshmallows. C’mon!” And just like that, she’s grabbed Sam’s hand and dragged him back towards the bonfire. Castiel raises an eyebrow and glances at Jo, who rolls her eyes again.
Castiel draws his hand back, running it through his hair to prevent her from trying to take it back. Jo giggles again. “I very much doubt that,” Castiel says, attempting to smile. Pam just leans in closer to him, her hand on his forearm as she grins.
He trails off when Castiel’s eyes meet his own. There’s something sad in Castiel’s gaze, something like longing or regret, and Dean just wants to nuzzle into Castiel’s neck and hold him until that emotion goes away. Snuggle up in a nest and let Castiel scent him and relax and slowly fall asleep in his arms.
“Are you-” Dean only manages that much before Castiel grabs the collar of his shirt and pulls him in for a kiss. It’s a little too aggressive, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind, quickly catching on and submitting himself to Castiel’s whims. When Castiel finally pulls back, Dean grins dreamily and teases, “That was kinda territorial.”
Bobby looks up at him. “Just ran outside like the hounds of hell were after her,” he says. “Didn’t say why.”
Castiel swings an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him tight against his side. “Gotta keep my guy happy, right?”
So Castiel squeezes Jo back and says, “Well, if Bela says it’s okay, I guess I can make it through one dance.”
Alastair pulls out another long, clear bottle and starts to pass it around. Encouraged by Bela and Lilith, Castiel takes his first drink of vodka. It’s sharp and bitter, burning down his throat, and the girls laugh at his expression once he’s done. Lilith crawls over to sit on Castiel’s other side, shoving Dean away, so she and Bela can continue goading Castiel into drinking. Castiel knows it’s a bad idea. He’s heard all the peer pressure speeches from counselors and teachers and his brothers. But Bela kisses his earlobe every time she whispers in his ear, and Lilith is pressed up against his bicep, and it’s more than a little overwhelming, and certainly very hard to say no.
“Mom’s ecstatic, but she’s trying not to show it. For Dad’s sake.” Dean rolls his eyes where Castiel can’t see, then sighs. “I’m not sure about my brother, though. I think at this point he’s decided the pros outweigh the cons, but he’s willing to change his mind and alpha out if he ends up not liking you.” He laughs when Castiel’s hands tighten minutely. “Don’t worry, he’ll like you. He’s still more pup than man, though, so he might be a little growly about it.”
And eventually, they do. Chuck hums to himself as he pulls into the parking lot. Their clean, fancy car stands out among the pick-up trucks and minivans, and Castiel hunches in on himself, embarrassed. It’s nice, getting to spend time with his dad, but it feels weird coming here without his friends. Chuck puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, guiding him inside, and he leaves it there as they place their order, pick it up, until they find a little table to sit at outside. The wind has died down some, but the dark clouds on the horizon are still coming in, so Castiel thinks they might have to eat quickly to avoid the storm.
“It’s not that simple,” Castiel mumbles, so low that Charlie has to lean in to hear him. “My uncle is a famous televangelist, there’s no room for me to be in a relationship with another man. Do you know what a scandal that would be? And my mother doesn’t like Dean and my brothers don’t trust him and I don’t know what they’d do if I said I was in love with him, I don’t know-”
“My mother comes from a religious family, and my father has found he enjoys angel lore. Thus, myself and all of my siblings are named after angels.”
Missouri raises her eyebrows before turning to Dean with a fierce glare, so Dean raises his hands. “Woah, woah, woah, I didn’t-”
Naomi keeps her focus on Castiel’s face, where he still maintains a forced neutral expression. If she did hear anything from his and Anna’s conversation, she’s not going to mention it unless he gives her reason to.
“No!” Dean throws his hands up, sending dirt and leaves scattering into the air. “I did you a favor!”
Now, Dean hesitates. He meets Cas’s eyes, then immediately switches to staring at the wall behind him. “I want to…” he starts slowly, chewing on his lower lip. “I… I just want to make sure Sam-”
Dean starts purring almost immediately, and Castiel chuckles into his mouth, fingers sliding into Dean’s hair to keep him close. It’s a demanding gesture, but Dean revels in it, his instincts instructing him to relax and let Castiel’s tongue search his mouth, lick along the roof. Dean hums, his breathing speeding up, and he slides closer on the bank, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck.
“I thought you could take me back to the rooftop at the resort,” Dean answers, smiling slightly. “I liked it up there.”
“You shouldn’t give a shit about me either,” Dean says, gripping the railing in an almost futile effort to stay upright. “I told Lisa about you, that was all on me, I couldn’t keep your secret, so why the fuck are you here?”
She clenches her hands into fists and lifts her head, lips tight and eyes shining. “Michael, my absence forced you to grow up too soon, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry it hurt your relationships with your siblings, and I’m sorry you felt obligated to give up on singing to pursue my dreams instead of your own.”
Something digs into his side and he flinches, turning to look at Dean. Dean raises his eyebrows and nods towards Castiel’s untouched bowl. “You know you’re good to eat, right?”
Sam stares at Dean, but Dean can’t bring himself to look up. He’s tired. It’s been a very long, nightmarish day, full of phone calls and sympathies and awful things that Dean can’t bear to think about anymore. His head hurts, his insides are aching, and having to make all those phone calls to friends and family has made Dean very aware of how alone he is in this town. Everybody got out, except for him. Charlie, Pam, Victor, Cas, they all left for college, and Dean stayed behind to help take care of his family.
Meg smirks, pushing away from the wall to knock her shoulder against Dean’s ribs. “I’m not all kittens and butterflies, y’know. I like a little dark creativity every now and then.” She shrugs, pushing dark curls out of her face and holding them back as she takes the painting in from this new angle. “It’s a little amateur, sure, but the emotion still comes through. Loneliness, pain, despair…” Meg drags her hand out of her hair and over her face, then presses it to her chest, a little smile playing at her bright red lips as she continues, “It’s like an emo kid vomited his poor little heart all over this wall, and I love everything about it.”
Cas sighs, reaching for his laptop. That news article about the earthquake in Haiti will have to wait until after he's purchased his plane tickets.
Cas had said Dean would find his answers here. Dean's pulse thuds in his ears as he carefully opens the paper, setting the book aside.
Actually, the Impala stands out amongst tiny sports cars and top-of-the-line, environmentally-conscious models; there are a few other classic cars, but they’re put to less use than Dean’s, and are almost certainly maintained with less love. Castiel still likes her, but he likes her for a lot of the same reasons he likes Dean, and knowing that only makes him like her more.
“The usual. Mother’s still on tour with Uncle, and Michael is picking up the slack in her absence. After Independence Day, Gabe and Anna actually like you guys, so now the hardest part of getting away is convincing them not to come with me.”
“Starving.” She giggles, and it feels weird, awkward, forced, but Dean tries anyway. “What if you came over and we had dessert first?”
“Again?” Cas pauses before chuckling softly. He pulls his knees up, sitting cross-legged, and smiles down at his lap. “I tried to tell you she didn’t like me.”
He pauses, then steels himself, before swiftly turning around and stealing one last kiss. Even if he wants to come back, maybe for his next heat, there’s no guarantee that he’ll be able to get away again. Alone. Or that he’ll be able to remember how to find Castiel’s cottage.
"Didn't know you had friends," Bela comments with a shrug. The kinder part of Castiel wants to believe that she means ‘in town,’ but the logical part of him recognizes she’s just being rude."Total shot in the dark, but that wasn't Dean Winchester was it?"
“And if I drive you, it’ll be two minutes.” Mildred opens the passenger side door, giving Castiel a look that he’s only ever seen on his mother’s face, and he’s helpless but to obey in the wake of it. He slides into the car, and carefully places Mildred’s bag at his feet as she closes the door and walks around to get in on the other side. Her car is small in all the ways Dean’s car isn’t, and even without the food in the way, Castiel wouldn’t be able to stretch his legs all the way out.
Cas turns to blink at him, surprised. His eyes catch the sunlight and Dean remembers how creepily obsessed he had been with Cas’s eyes last year. Not that he ever told anyone, of course, but Dean can’t remember ever seeing someone with eyes like that before. His own mother’s eyes are blue, but they don’t catch the light and shift the way Cas’s do, nor do they draw and hold Dean’s attention the same way. He feels like he’ll grow old and die before he ever truly captures Cas’s eyes on a page, but that thought just fills him with the burning desire to keep trying.
Dean fidgets uncomfortably, unable to sit still. The tension is stifling, and Dean has to break it somehow. So, even though Batman is chasing down the Joker, Dean clears his throat and says, "I'm in a painting class."
It’s been quiet around the bungalow for the last couple of days. Michael has moved into Gabriel’s room, to give their mother a place to sleep, but Castiel’s pretty sure she hasn’t been doing much sleeping. She and Michael still spend most of the day on the phone or a laptop, working, but they’re both dressed down, and sometimes Naomi takes her phone calls outside, and no one sees her for an hour or two.
But, he does allow himself to subtly scent at Dean’s neck, nuzzling the nape, until he falls asleep.
Dean tries to scowl at her, but it feels more like a pout, especially when Bela’s smirk stretches, and Cas rolls his eyes again, nudging his elbow against her.
Dean scowls. He’s completely serious about this, all he wants is to fix things, and Meg’s mocking him for it. “I’m gonna go out on a limb and say you know what happened last summer.” Between them, Pam tenses, but Dean continues on: “I have never regretted anything more than how I treated Cas, and I just want to tell him that. I want to apologize, and I want him to be mad at me. I want us to go back to how we were, and I want him to be
“Wanted to cook for you,” Dean actually mumbles, looking at his plate. It’s a pasta dish, and Castiel thinks he smells shrimp. “If you’d been here, been my date for prom, I probably would’ve cooked for you anyway.”
Castiel moves his hands to cup Dean’s face, gently running his thumbs over Dean’s cheekbones. Dean blinks at him, confused, as Castiel leans over to press a soft kiss against Dean’s lips.
And the cherry on the shit cake is that Cas has the audacity to stand there looking like some kind of teen angel, with his dark, messy hair and his bright, blue eyes, and his shapely nose and his full lips and his broad, graceful shoulders, and he's still taller than Dean and his legs and hips look fucking
Don’t think he’s not grateful for his sentence. Considering how much time Alastair got, Dean could’ve been a lot worse off, especially considering he did all the bloody work. Bi-monthly therapy (because the judge thought Dean was
“Those of us who came here,” she continues, “we discuss it often, how we wished to see you again just to thank you. We never thought we’d have the opportunity.”
“Right.” Mary carefully sets Lisa down at her feet. Dean is so confused by what he’s seeing that he’s not even struggling anymore. “Because Dean coming home blackout drunk isn’t something bad. Because that doesn’t destroy brain cells.”
Dean laughs again, harder, and flops down on his unmade bed. Castiel takes another look around, drinking in the absolute
! Wouldn’t let me near him while he bathed, wanted to dress himself, then got all tangled up in the laces…” She rolls her eyes when Dean laughs again. “You guys are so easy, but he just won’t let me help him with anything until it’s too late.”
Castiel likes it, however. A few people glance at him, curiously, but they seem to adore Dean so much that the hooded figure sharing his horse hardly seems to matter. Dean laughs at someone’s joke, slips a few gold coins to an elderly man in rags, then waves one last time, apologizing over having to get home to his mother. The people seem all the more enamored with him after this sheepish admission, and Castiel can’t help being impressed by Dean’s natural connection with his people.
“This wouldn’t be the famous Castiel, would it?,” Missouri says in a careful tone. Dean’s blush deepens, his freckles coming out to play, as she gives Castiel a surprisingly warm smile. “Of course it is. I recognize him from your paintings. You shouldn’t speak to your boyfriend that way, Dean.”
But it’s hard to turn off. He’s in painting class later that day, and his head is so full of new information and new questions that he can’t focus on his artwork. Both unfinished canvases, of Mary and Sam, and of Cas, are leaning against his stool, but he's too afraid of ruining them in his current state to actually work on them. So he stares at a blank canvas, trying to think of something new, but nothing is coming to mind.
They’re still an hour and a half outside of Sileas when the sun begins to set, so they stop at a diner in Seaside for dinner. That song from Dirty Dancing is playing when they pull into the parking lot, and after Castiel confesses to never having seen the film, Dean spends the entire meal extolling its virtues and refusing to admit that he just has a gigantic crush on Patrick Swayze.
“Not that you’d know anything about what my hands are capable of,” Cas shoots back, smirking as he pulls out of Dean’s grip.
Dean’s eyes dart to the car on the curb, but if he figures out who’s in it, he doesn’t say so. “Is this my fault?” he says instead, and Castiel’s heart clenches. He reaches for Dean’s shoulder, squeezing it.
Dean, but as weak and vulnerable as he is right in this moment, there’s something powerful building between them, because Dean holds on.
“I like your hair,” he says, and Jo can only blush and giggle, covering her face in her hands. Dean laughs at her, shaking his head.
Once they reach the circle and Jo has looked up to greet them, however, it’s a different story. She’s smiling until she notices Castiel, and her eyes narrow and the smile falls away as her jaw clenches. Dean sighs, exasperated, and Castiel coughs before he says, “Hello. Happy birthday.”
Dean meets Cas’s eyes, and Cas’s expression softens before he sighs. “Tell him you want out,” Cas says. Dean shakes his head, covering the mouthpiece with his hand.
“That he’s my friend and that’s what friends do?” Castiel answers, frowning. Lucifer frowns back, and they stare each other down until Castiel’s phone vibrates again, and he hurries to open the newest text.
For the first time in a long while, he awakens feeling refreshed and energetic. Dean is still wrapped tight around his torso, snoring softly, and it’s deliciously tempting to hunker down under the warm blankets until Dean wakes up. But Castiel’s skin is buzzing, and he can already tell that if he stays in bed, he’ll spend the time tossing and turning. He’s too hyped up, and when the idea of going for a quick run pops into his head, he can’t push it away. He hasn’t run for the last several days, and that plus being stuck in a car for most of that time has him suddenly eager to stretch his legs. He doesn’t know this town, but the hotel is huge, so he’s pretty sure that as long as he keeps it to a short circle, he’ll be able to find his way back. Worst case scenario, he’ll just have to ask someone for directions.
Maybe Dean should just go buy a new phone. Get a new number. Pay As You Go phones aren’t that expensive; he can spare twenty bucks just to ensure that Alastair finally leaves him alone.
By some hilarious act of God, however, at the same time Castiel is opening the door and stepping out into the main hallway, the back door in the kitchen opens as well, and Mary is slipping back inside. With the shutter doors open, Mary can see him as soon as she turns around, and her eyes widen as he shifts on his feet and waves awkwardly from across the room.
know what the difference is!” Dean is practically pleading here, and when they reach the steps that will lead them back to the boardwalk, he grabs her wrist, trying to pull her back and make her listen. “Don’t be mad, please, Lisa, it wasn’t my fault!”
know what Cas went through. He knows what he said, knows it hurt Cas, knows that Cas shut him out for it, but Dean never really got to see a reaction. Gabe and Anna were the ones who spoke to Dean, who told him to beat it.
“That’s for damn sure,” Castiel mutters, rubbing at his face one more time before he reaches for his phone to check the time. It’s just past ten, and he runs a hand through his hair as he thinks back on what happened last night. “Michael’s going to kill me.”
It’s hard to tell someone they’re never going to lose you when you haven’t spoken to them in over a week.
He goes through a few more pairs, Becky and Victor, Bela and Ash, Zeke again with Pam, before taking a deep breath. The two slips of paper in his hand say
Lisa hangs up and Dean tosses his phone onto the coffee table. His erection is gone, and the specifics of the dream are started to fade, but the content remains, like a billboard forcing Dean to confront the weirdness inside his head.
An alarm trips in Castiel’s head, but he can’t quite figure out why he’s suddenly so concerned. Maybe it’s the look on Dean’s face, the wide eyes and struggling words, or Dean’s tight grip on Castiel’s face. Something is wrong, and Castiel gingerly wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist and guides his hand away from his mouth. They sit in silence for a moment, breathing in the heady air.
“I’m sure.” Lisa’s lips are pressed in a tight line, her brow furrowed, and Dean sighs, rubbing a hand over his face.
Dean takes his carving board back to the stove and pushes the chopped onions into the pot, then returns to examine Castiel’s carrots. “Not too bad,” he hums, winking as he brings the carrots over to join the onions. Castiel feels a rush of pride at his words, though he’s not sure why. Still, he can’t help smiling, leaning back against the counter again as Dean continues working on the soup..
But Dean stays seated on the tailgate’s edge, staring at Cas. Cas meets his eyes and stares back, pleading silently. Dean remembers what Bela said, that she doesn’t deserve Cas anymore than Dean does, but that doesn’t stop Cas from caring about her anyway. And he wants to believe that’s true for himself as well… but what has he done to deserve it?
, and that’s so selfish. It’s so fucking selfish, wanting to apologize just so he, Dean, can stop hurting, and so all those secret daydreams about Cas immediately accepting and falling into Dean’s arms, the two of them hanging out on the beach and at the arcade like nothing ever happened, so they can all be real. Like Dean didn’t say those awful things, things that would’ve killed him if he’d heard them from Cas’s mouth. Not that Cas would ever say anything like that, since Cas is so much better-
“She always seemed really sweet, when I saw her around town,” Lisa says quietly, staring at the table. “I don’t know, though. You’re the man of the house, and I guess I’m stealing you away.”
“What does she mean, ‘hired muscle?’” Castiel asks softly. Dean keeps his head turned away, his jaw a tight line. “Dean?”
“Cheat,” he mutters, but Jo just grins her most charming grin when Sam and Sarah take a seat on Lisa’s other side.
The air seems to crackle between them as Dean stays locked in Cas’s stare. All those different shades of blue, both fierce and soft, and it’s all intent on Dean. It only breaks when Dean’s eyes flicker down to Cas’s lips, and he realizes just how close they’re standing, and Dean takes a deep breath before whispering, “A girl almost died tonight.”
And he realizes that’s stupid, of course. An evening spent eating ice cream cones on the beach and holding hands and trading sweet, sticky kisses is the stuff of overly-saccharine teenage daydreams, not Andersen and Grimm.
“Cas,” interrupts the new boy, who is studying Castiel intently. “I picked up that much from the PDA.”
,” and spins him under his arm, pulling him close again as soon as possible. They’re nose to nose now, and all Castiel can think is that
“Fuck,” Cas says, under his breath, and with the music permeating the air, bass drum and cymbals ringing in Dean’s ears, Dean is a little surprised he heard it at first. Then he realizes: he heard it because Cas had moved closer, had his hands cupping Dean’s face and cursed just before pressing their lips together.
“They’re alone,” Gilda adds, ignoring Victor’s poorly-smothered laughter. She points to the card in the middle and continues, “Only this man seems satisfied.”
Dean falls silent. Castiel had expected him to come back for his next heat, but he never showed. Now, at least two heats later, he shows up with friends and drops the royalty bomb on the poor guy. Cas must be expecting the worst, because that’s what people always expect when it’s time to expect anything. And Dean’s not sure if the baby would be ‘the worst’ or not.
Castiel manages to keep his head as his knot pops to its full size. When he hits his orgasm, the urge to bite comes with it, and he bites down hard on the blanket piled up next to Dean’s head. Dean watches with blown pupils, his breath coming short, and his own hips thrust back against Castiel’s knot, down against the blanket, until finally he comes. The sound that wrenches out of his throat is so feral and wanton that Castiel releases again, bites again, and the bed and blankets and Dean’s legs are an absolute wreck.
“Now, Dean,” Alastair says, low and patronizing, “Be nice. Don’t you think you deserve a little relaxation? All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, or so they say.”
Castiel only just keeps himself from laughing. "Yes, my oldest brother, Michael. He looks after us while Mother and Father are busy."
Castiel takes the time to brush his teeth once he’s done, and is considering shaving when Anna pounds on the door, yelling at him to hurry up. He ties a towel around his waist before opening up, surprising her. “Do I need to shave?” he asks.
“Um.” Anna glances out at the ocean. Takes a tiny step back. Another tiny step forward. “He’s. Better. I think.” She shrugs awkwardly, still staring at Dean. “All things considered. He’s not upset anymore, if that’s what you want to hear. Not that I know of, anyway.”
What happened between then and now? That Cas, 2005 Cas, with his knobby knees and fiery anger, where did he go? A comment like that from Naomi should’ve pissed Cas off something fierce, but here he is laughing about it, like that’s just something mothers say every day, like it doesn’t mean that Cas is just another pawn in his famous family’s game.
“Sorry to rush him, but I have to get back to work and Dean needs to pick his brother up from practice,” Mary says apologetically.
They’re the only ones in the Roadhouse at this time of day, except for Dean over by the jukebox, and Jo’s mother, doing paperwork in the back room. Pamela had already gone over Charlie’s palm, but she hadn’t been quite so flirtatious then. Castiel clears his throat and shrugs,  which just makes her smile stretch as she flips his hand over again, eyeing it carefully.
But even as he shuts his phone off and tosses it on the counter, he knows that’s not true. Alastair had mentioned Sam’s soccer practices this time, and Bobby’s shop, and the Roadhouse. Granted, Dean’s pretty sure Alastair lives in Sileas so of course he knows about those places, but considering how many years he has on Dean, it’s unsettling that he knows so much about Dean’s usual hangouts. Not to mention, Dean has never seen Alastair at any of those locations.
Dean is still grinning when the door clicks shut, and it stays glued in place all the way down the hall, and the entire elevator ride down. He can't seem to stop, even as he approaches his truck and climbs inside, dropping his book and Cas's gift in the passenger seat.
Jo sticks her tongue out at him, but they all jump when a sharp voice comes from the back: “That better not be Dean Winchester swearing in my bar!”
“You’re cruel.” Dean sighs, adjusting his hold around Castiel’s shoulders. “Slow is fine, though. Just let me know what’s okay and when.”
Dean must have gotten lost in his head again, because he blinks and suddenly Mary is standing in front of him, asking what’s wrong, brushing a hand through his hair, and Dean just can’t hold it in anymore. Hot tears spill from his eyes and over his cheeks, and his face feels unbearably hot as Mary pulls him in for a hug, gently rubbing his back as he tries to control his breathing.
“Please.” Dean closes his eyes and rubs a hand over his face. The smell of the food on his plate makes his stomach roll, so he pushes it away, figuring he’ll deal with Ellen’s wrath later. “I just want to apologize. Really apologize. So please listen.”
“Best I’ll get is work at Bobby’s garage, maybe some shifts at the Roadhouse. Why shoot for more when I know I won’t get it?”
,” and Dean’s not above exaggerating his experiences just to drive them away. No one wants a used omega.
“Clearly,” Meg drawls. Still, she presses her palm up against the wall, between a feather and a carnation, and raises her eyes back up to the painted ones above her head. “It’s beautiful, though. Do you know who did it?”
“I like this,” Dean whispers into warm skin, nose pressed to Cas’s neck. He feels safe here, tucked up against Cas’s side, and it’s nice to drop the weight of the world for a little while and relax with someone he loves.
Dean stops. Closes his eyes. Takes a breath. Then turns to look at Cas again. “I just want you to stay, Cas.”
“But,” Dean continues suddenly, “they might be closed already, ‘cause of the holiday. The pharmacy is just a couple blocks further. They’ll be open.”
“You can’t be the only person in his life, he deserves to have friends! You think you can just roll in town and tempt him away from his real friends with sex? You think---”
for suggesting last.fm! I totally forgot they had a playlist option! Check the notes at the very beginning for a link!
Castiel jerks his hand away, but can’t take his eyes off his mother. This is too weird, and he wonders absently if it isn’t just some kind of ploy, or maybe if she’s using him to assuage her guilt over what happened with Lucifer and Gabriel, or even attempting to stop him from following in their footsteps.
“Ha ha.” Charlie beams at him as he sticks his tongue out at her. “What does Bela have to do with your fight?”
He’s so focused on silently lamenting his misery that he doesn’t notice the girl standing at the bottom of the staircase, and nearly bowls them both over. She yelps when Dean stumbles, drawing Jo and Bobby’s attention from where they’re sorting items into boxes.
Castiel squeezes Dean’s knee again, then carefully sets the paintings in his hands back under the bed before crawling up to sit next to Dean, leaning against his side. All those awful memories from 2006 are swirling in the back of his mind, threatening to come to the forefront and bring other terrible memories with them: the way Castiel used Meg, how Dean experimented with Aaron, how Castiel vengefully slept with Balthazar. It’s hard to reconcile all those bad times and difficulties with how good and easy their relationship has been during this visit. How can a love with such damaged beginnings evolve into something stronger and less volatile?
"Then you could come out tonight? We were gonna go to the arcade. Jo and Charlie get really competitive on DDR, it's something to see." Dean's laugh rumbles down the phone. Castiel rubs his temples.
Instead, Dean approaches Cas, and jokingly shuffles along next to him, laughing when Cas shoots him a look that could kill. "C'mon, Cas," Dean teases. "You're such a good runner, you should be good at this too."
Castiel searches her face for a moment, then draws back with a sigh, releasing her hands as she releases his. “Of course,” he says, offering a smile. Her own grows in response as she reaches over to tousle his hair, then grabs his hand again to pull him up, drag him out to the field where the rest of their friends are organizing a game of HORSE.
Pam scowls and shuffles her cards again before fanning them out shoving them in Dean’s direction. “Come on, don’t be a chicken.”
But that’s stupid. Isn’t it? He hasn’t spoken to Dean since their date, though Dean has certainly tried his best to get a hold of him. Castiel just can’t work up the courage to answer the phone, or even read Dean’s texts. He knows that Jo and Charlie had a point, that he should just put the past in the past and go for what he wants, but he just can’t get over his fear. That Dean could change his mind or find someone else. That Castiel’s family could separate them for good, somehow. That someday, they could hurt one another, and however much Dean hurt Castiel, Castiel isn’t sure he could live with himself if he hurt Dean.
The way Dean speaks has a distinctly common flavor too, now that Castiel thinks about it. That might be why he never once considered Dean to be anything other than a lost villager, even with his fancy clothes and beautiful horse. Royalty simply doesn’t talk the way Dean does.
“Don’t apologize,” Dean says quickly. “I shouldn’t have said it like that. You had every right to push me away, after how I treated you.” This time, Cas’s lips part, but he doesn’t say anything, so Dean pushes forward: “I treated you like shit, Cas. I know it. I knew it then, but I didn’t stop, and that makes it even worse. Bela handed me my ass on a platter, but I kept it up. I fucked you over, and Cas, I’m fucking sorry. I never should’ve done or said any of those things.”
“Gladly.” Something creaks softly, and Dean closes his eyes, leaning back into the grass, and finding his heart aches when Cas says, “I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Dean flinches and practically runs for the door. He hesitates just outside, wondering if he should go back in and talk this over, but his heart clenches when he thinks of Bela knowing something that he doesn’t.
“I’ve been hearing about it for most of my life, and thought I might try it since it’s on.” Castiel shrugs, and his phone vibrates on the sofa’s arm. He flips it open, ignoring Lucifer’s raised eyebrow.
“Shut up,” Dean says again, weaker this time. “Shut up and get out of here. I wish I’d never met you, Cas.” Dean falls back on the couch, both hands over his eyes as he whispers, “You’re the worst thing that ever happened to me.”
A few years ago, that wouldn’t have stopped him from dancing anyway, but for some reason, he feels self-conscious now. Like when he’s not paying attention, his friends are sending him looks full of pity. Like they’re carrying on silent conversations full of worry and concern, and that’s the last thing he wants. He really should get up and dance a little, if only because it might keep them from doing so, but he can’t help feeling that it would just bring more attention to how very alone he is.
“I wanted to make this special, so Sonny helped me get reservations at the Bridgewater Bistro.” Dean shifts in his seat, putting the car into gear and heading out of the parking lot. Castiel raises his eyebrows when they turn left onto the interstate.
But if he puts this off any longer, even just by telling Castiel to go take a bath, Benny will probably throttle him. Or at least call him a coward and verbally kick his ass, since killing the prince would be an act of treason.
Dean takes a deep breath, closing his eyes. She’ll be the first of his friends to hear him say it, but it only seems right for it to be her. She’s gay herself, after all, and she had chosen Dean to confess to first, so it’s kind of a nice way to return the favor. Not to mention, she already knows about the dreams, so maybe this won’t be as big of a leap for her.
Dean is glowing with a smile so bright that it should chase the clouds away, so Castiel can’t resist leaning in to kiss him, chaste and adoring. Dean pulls back with another laugh, nuzzling his nose up to Castiel’s forehead. “That was really gross, Cas,” he whines. “We are so gross and cute right now.”
“I didn’t know Charlie would invite so many people,” Cas says, eyes darting from face to face. Dean shoves his annoyance away and leans against the wall on Cas’s other side, looking for familiar faces.
She gracefully slides out of bed, leading the way to a golden door that Dean’s pretty sure wasn’t there before, but hey, this is heaven, and heaven can be whatever the hell he wants it to be. Mostly, Dean’s distracted by Lisa’s curves, the way her ass sways as she leads the way, like some kind of barefoot, nude Venus, completely confident with her own developing body. Whatever this surprise is, Dean hopes it ends with putting his dick somewhere warm and wet, preferably in-
Dean slides off the bed, coming towards Castiel with a confident stride, reaching for his trembling hands. “Did you get what we need?”
And it’s like a weight is lifted, knowing that Dean actually does have his back. They’ll make it work, no matter what it takes.
Again, it’s like she means to throw him a life-jacket, but is just pouring more water on him. Dean’s head is spinning from this conversation, and with the headache blooming between his eyes, he’s starting to think he just wants Lisa to say the final, awful words and go, let him sleep for a few days before he tries to puzzle this together.
“How did you-” Castiel gasps, but he quickly decides he doesn’t care when Dean’s hand fumbles across his stomach and hip, until it finally finds its home in between Castiel’s fingers, squeezing gently. When Castiel squeezes back, Dean backs off, just long enough to give Castiel a wobbly grin, before bracing Castiel’s hips with his free hand and placing an almost reverent kiss to the very tip of Castiel’s cock, laughing when it jumps.
Castiel takes a breath, frantically searching his mind for something to say, something that might comfort Dean, and all he can come up with is, “I might change my mind when school starts, though. That’s what college is about, right? Experimentation, discovering yourself...”
“Fuck, you’re not even straight, what the fuck,” he complains as she giggles and picks his cards up off the floor.
First is the sketchbook Dean was drawing in when Castiel fell asleep last night. Even though Castiel had requested to watch Dean draw, he had fallen asleep before seeing more than a few guiding lines. Apparently Dean stayed awake much longer than Castiel did, because there’s a fully-realized drawing now, and Castiel’s heart shifts when he realizes what it is: the photo they took in the redwood forest, in front of the carved heart reading ‘I Love You.’ It’s lovingly rendered down to every detail, from Castiel’s earrings to Dean’s scuffed shoes, and Castiel thinks he couldn’t possibly love Dean any more than he does right now, until he notices the other items.
“We can stop anytime you want, Cas,” he says, squeezing Cas’s hands. “I can go. This doesn’t have to change anything.”
Jo is a comforting weight at his side, and Victor, Charlie, and Bela’s raised voices are just as soothing as the ocean waves behind him. ‘Lonely’ may not be the right word, but as good as Dean feels like this, surrounded by his friends, there is definitely something missing.
“Talk to me about what?” Cas butts in, leaning against Dean’s shoulder, and it’s like being hit by a semi-truck, the way Dean suddenly remembers the kisses he and Cas have shared, and the way he tricked Charlie into suggesting one more. He had told Cas last time, the kiss didn’t count, but now his stomach rolls with guilt. He and Lisa took a huge step last night, the hugest one they can possibly make without exchanging the L-word and a couple rings, and Dean is here making plans to kiss someone else? His male best friend, no less?
Dean smiles, because that’s what Dean does. Don’t think Castiel doesn’t notice how Dean isn’t touching him anymore, however. “Listen,” Dean says, soft like he’s soothing a wild animal, “I’m sorry I tried to push you. I’ll wait as long as you need. Until you finish school, if I have to, and I won’t go around with anyone else in the meantime. I swear.” He holds up a hand when Castiel opens his mouth to protest, and continues, “There’s not much else for me, y’know? I’m gonna work at Bobby’s and now that I’m eighteen Ellen’s gonna let me help out at the bar so I can take care of Mom and Sammy. Most of my friends are going to college in a couple weeks, and Sam and Jo will be gone before I know it too. Who knows if they’ll ever come back? But you…” Dean’s smile stretches into something a little more genuine as he leans closer into Castiel’s space, still without touching him. “You keep coming back. No matter what. I keep expecting you to get bored or find someone better or whatever, and it’s like a miracle every time you come back and smile at me again.”
Dean sighs softly, taking the cards back and starting to shuffle them again. How does he explain how angry he was about the very idea of Cas dating Bela without opening himself up to weird questions? Questions that he doesn’t know the answers to? Now that he’s a couple weeks removed from that phone call and those emotions, Dean’s even more confused about the intense anger he felt. And that’s not even considering that weird note Cas had given him to help out with Lisa. It had worked, of course, all those little turns of phrase like,
“That first time I kissed you, in the woods? I’d wanted to do that for a while, and between the vodka, and you showing up with fucking
This is probably why it takes a few moments before Castiel realizes that he is actually hearing that knocking noise. He sets his book aside and goes to open the door just enough to peer out. “Gabriel?”
“School-boy, heart-eyes, admire-him-from-afar crush?” Jo grins wolfishly. “I dunno, Dean, I just call ‘em like I see ‘em.”
, then pulls out his sketchbook and a few pencils. This is what draws Castiel over, watching curiously as Dean flips through his sketchbook to find a blank page. “You’re going to draw?”
Charlie smirks and shakes her head while Cas rolls his eyes. “Yes, I’m very attractive,” Cas says drily. “Pam thinks so, Charlie and Jo think so, and you think so. I’m hotter than you, and it drives you crazy. This has been thoroughly established, multiple times.”
He buries his face in his hands and wonders if maybe Naomi was telling the truth. Maybe she really is trying to make amends. But there’s danger in that kind of hope- it’s the same struggle Castiel has been going through with Dean. Trusting someone who has broken that trust in the past is difficult. However good things have been, Castiel’s not even sure he trusts Dean yet, and Naomi asking for the same forgiveness is just too much.
There are a million questions rolling around in Dean’s head, some important, and some just plain curiosity. Does she like boys at all? Is there a particular girl she’s interested in? Is Dean supposed to keep this between them? But he pushes them all aside and steps forward. She winces and holds her hands up when he moves, which makes his heart twist painfully, but he pulls her into a tight hug, cradling her head in his neck. He feels her gasp against his skin, but soon enough, her arms are wrapped around him, her hands gripping his shoulders, and she starts to shiver, but Dean just holds her tighter.
Dean runs a hand through his hair and laughs again, though it sounds more like a hiccup. “Babe, I feel better than I’ve felt in weeks. Who cares how it happened?” He shifts against the tree, still grinning at Bela’s scowl. “Hey, hey, do you wanna hang out soon?”
Dean stares at the door again. Cas is on the other side somewhere, in pain because Dean was an idiot, and nobody is letting Dean in to try and fix it.
Dean doesn’t look up from his sketchbook, but Castiel can see pink rising in his cheeks. “Jo told me one of the songs on the new Panic at the Gay Bar album made her think of me and you. So I listened to it -
He slides out of bed and strips the sheets, then strips out of his t-shirt and boxers before collapsing naked on the naked mattress. He’ll clean up and figure all this out in the morning.
Dean smiles at him, and it lights the omega’s face up from the inside. Bright green eyes and sun-kissed freckles make Castiel’s stomach twist and his heart drop, and Dean’s happy scent amplifies, filling the hall with apples and cinnamon and something sticky-sweet. Castiel has enough time to wonder how long it’s been since someone stood up for Dean, before John steals his attention away with a loud, pointed cough.
Dean’s still drunk, but his head feels clearer as he finally takes that seat Victor was offering him, and he smiles crookedly at Victor and Lisa.
By the time Mary gets home, they’ve covered a fold-out card table with a Santa-patterned tablecloth and loaded it up with paper plates, utensils, and all their snacks. Her eyes are tired but her smile glows as she surveys the bounty before her, and she’s only gone a second to change into more comfortable clothes before joining up with her boys at the table. Everyone fills their plates, then settles on the floor in front of the TV. Castiel feels like all he’s done for the last few days is watch Christmas specials, but there’s a different warmth and joy like this, with Mary and Dean present and everyone laughing and enjoying good food. It’s wonderful.
“You’re a heavy beast, y’know that?” Bela mutters, straining under Dean’s arm. Dean frowns at her, not even trying to help lighten her load.
When the first opening band comes on, they’re the exact opposite of what Dean expected. A pretty blonde girl plays piano and shares singing duties with the ginger man on guitar, and it’s closer to folk rock than emo. Dean catches himself bobbing his head, and when he notices Anna singing along, he asks her about the band.
Castiel wakes up to the incredible sensation of Dean grinding back against him, mewling and writhing as his fever peaks again.
“What else does she want from you?” Dean asks quietly, moving his hand to Castiel’s hair. The attention is nice, comfortable even. Meg used to do something similar, playing with Castiel’s hair until it was a useless mess, and then laughing at him when he frowned and tried to fix it. Dean, however, alternates between massaging and gently scratching Castiel’s scalp, and it’s relaxing enough that Castiel finds himself closing his eyes, twisting to fit closer to Dean.
He didn’t think it was possible, but Dean blushes so bright he’s afraid he might explode. “Yeah,” he repeats, anxiously rubbing at his bicep. This is awkward. It’s so awkward. Cas is clearly a dude, and Dean’s used him as a model twice now, in artwork that’s pretty fucking flattering, if Dean says so himself.
As they wait for their meals, Mildred takes Castiel’s arm again and leads him to an empty table near the kitchen, engaging him in a lengthier conversation about school. Castiel decides he likes her; she’s charming and funny and flirty, and he never had the opportunity to get to know his grandparents. Serendipitously, she has a daughter who runs a bookshop in Skokie, just a short drive from Northwestern, and warmly promises to put in a good word for Castiel if he ever wants a job while he’s at school.
Honestly, that probably isn’t the best way to make them open up to Castiel again, but the food smells amazing and Elvis is playing now, so Castiel opts not to think about it yet. Making up with Jo can come later, and he’ll probably live with Benny not trusting him, because Dean
Lisa’s eyes dart towards the circle, but she forces a smile and nods quickly. “I think I’m just tired,” she says. “It’s been a long day. Is it okay if I go home?”
“Are you sick?” he asks, sounding genuinely concerned. Dean shakes his head, taking a drink to avoid speaking. Charlie rolls her eyes.
He lets Dean direct after that, and it seems that Dean mostly just wants to kiss and enjoy the friction of grinding against Castiel’s ass. For his part, Castiel enjoys kissing, but the rest of it isn’t doing much for him. Maybe that’s why his mind is wandering.
He’s been too afraid to think about the future too much. The only thing he’s ever been able to imagine in his future is a life with Dean, but that’s always been in vague, drifting thoughts. It’s something real now, something with potential. But it’s Dean, who is so stubborn about not going to school or selling his paintings. If Castiel is serious, if they’re serious… Castiel needs to get his shit together. Even if Dean decides to commit to being a painter, Castiel will have to provide for them. He’s happy to do so, to support Dean’s dreams, it’s just… what does he want to do? How will he make that money?
“Please, alpha,” Dean begs, tilting his head, fixing Castiel with one pleading green eye. “Please, I need it, need you, need your knot.” He lifts his hips again, where Castiel’s cock is still trapped between his cheeks, and Castiel bites back another moan. “Please, it’s okay, I want you, I want it, I
The next band is a little weird, the drummer in clown make-up and the female singer with flowers in her wild hair. This is a bit more in line with the kind of bullshit Dean was expecting to put up with, but both Cas and Gabe seem intrigued by the peculiar performance, so Dean keeps his commentary to himself.
He pauses in the entryway, glancing over his shoulder at the table. Mary and John are engaged in a heated, whispered argument, but this is ignored by both of their sons. Sam has made his way around the table to sit next to Dean, and the princes sit silently together, watching Castiel leave. The corner of Dean’s lips turns up, and when he lifts his hand in a tiny wave, Castiel feels the tension start to eke out of him.
“We’ll leave your door open.” Castiel takes Dean’s hand and gently tugs on it. “I won’t make any moves if you don’t.”
Castiel stands still, staring at the empty doorway, until he feels warmth along his right side. When he looks over, Dean is standing closer than necessary, giving him a tiny smile. Castiel sighs. “Sorry you had to see that.”
Naomi makes him wear a tie, and gives him a stern lecture on manners as he’s on his way out the door. Castiel tries to tell her that he’s met Mary before so it doesn’t matter what he wears, but Naomi won’t hear it. Behind her, Anna is watching the scene with a smile on her face, but it’s only half malicious, and it softens as Naomi tries to tame Castiel’s hair. Naomi gives him the same soft smile just before she closes the door, and Castiel feels warm and hopeful all the way to the parking lot.
Charlie smiles, and points across the fire, where a dark-haired girl is playing cards with a boy who looks close to Castiel’s age, and yet is skinnier than Sam, possibly because he seems to have already hit his growth spurt. “Pam and Garth over there? Pam’s a psychic. She can read tarot cards, it’s uber-creepy, and Garth, he’s a student volunteer at the hospital on the weekends.”
“Oh. When you said tourist, I thought…” Dean rolls his shoulders, carefully schooling a grin back on his face. “Okay, never mind, no big deal. Do you want a ride?” When Cas doesn’t respond, Dean tilts his head towards the bike rack on the sidewalk. “Sam rides on the back of my bike all the time, you’ll be fine.”
Cas doesn’t meet his eyes, fiddling with the hem of his shirt. “I want to go to LA for the rest of the summer,” he says quietly. “I don’t want to deal with the break-up here.”
Knowing that Alastair has collected that kind of information makes Dean’s stomach turn, and reminds him of why he made this deal in the first place. Alastair isn’t opposed to using violence to send a message, after all. Dean’s living proof of that.
Other kids have noticed the police cars and started taking off for the parking lot, so when they reach the stairs, Cas actually shoves Dean to his feet and presses him against a support pole. “You need to help me out if you don’t want to end up in Sheriff Mill’s backseat,” Cas says, and Dean wonders why Cas is even here trying to help him.
some time this summer, okay? Either way, what we’re getting at is that if you and Dean have feelings for each other, then you should be together. For the good of
“Well, I mean.” Dean gestures at the pan of chicken, still sizzling, spreading the scent of garlic and parmesan throughout the room. “I’ve got tons of food, so unless you want Sam to have it…?”
don't worry though. i'm already outlining part three, and this time i'm sure it will be shorter, so hopefully around the end of september/early october, some of your questions will be answered! i'm also working on some interludes (charlie's POV of the beginning of the last chapter, and what exactly happened when cas went to visit lisa)! so if you want to know when anything else from this verse goes up, please bookmark the series page so you can get an e-mail as soon as it's ready!
"Fie on you, Winchester!" shouts Jo, who is wearing glittery glasses and radish earrings, her blonde hair wavy just for tonight.
Dean blinks, then starts to laugh so hard he doubles over, clutching Cas’s shoulder to keep himself upright. Cas grips Dean’s shoulder in return, holding him steady, but Dean can hear him chuckling too.
His eye is drawn to the empty building next to the garage, covered in cracked, white paint. Bobby bought the space a few years ago, hoping to expand his own business, but the opportunity and need never arrived, and no one else seemed interested in purchasing it.
Castiel leans his head against the wall and rolls his eyes. Balthazar has never quite gotten over ‘losing’ Castiel to Dean. Though he and Castiel have become close friends since high school, Balthazar can still be somewhat passive-aggressive at times. One would think he would’ve learned after Castiel punched him for referring to Dean as ‘the poor man’s Danny Zuco,’ but apparently old wounds run deep. “Please, don’t.” Cas swallows. “His mother just died.”
I've already gotten started on the second installment, but fair warning: there are a lot of changes going on at work and I don't know how they're going to effect my schedule, but I am hoping that I'll still be a closer, which means late-start shifts, which means all day free to write! We'll see how it turns out though, everything is still getting situated.
They head out into the sunlight, and Dean buries his face in Castiel’s neck, not-so-subtly scenting him. “Cas,” Dean says, “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’re both pretty naked.”
“Spoken like a true chickenshit,” Meg answers. Castiel entertains the notion of hanging up on her, but realizes it would just invite a slew of teasing texts, and instead opts for a more diplomatic option.
As soon as the door shuts behind Michael, Dean lets out a shrill noise of frustration. Castiel finally looks at him and realizes just how red his face is. "Dean, I'm sorry you had to-"
She studies him for a moment longer, then nods slowly. “You’ve picked a good crew, Castiel. Most of them, anyway.” Off to the side, Dean makes another annoyed noise, and Jo whispers at him, nudging his ankle with her foot. “Are you visiting, or a permanent addition?”
Ruby laughs from somewhere Castiel can’t see, but Dean just takes a deep breath before speaking the first words Castiel’s heard him say all night:
“You don’t know anything about my family,” Castiel bristles, tearing his hands away from Dean. “And you don’t know anything about me.”
“What, you don’t like her? Straight,” she grins cheekily, laying out her cards on the table, and Dean curses, throwing his own hand at her head.
“Not relevant!” Charlie laughs awkwardly. “My point is, you’re seventeen. Cas is seventeen. Who knows what’ll happen over the next few years?”
They end up wrestling in the sand, laughing and struggling as they roll over, as the waves cover them with cold spray. Dean laughs so hard he chokes, only to take advantage of Castiel’s concern and pin him by his wrists with a crow of victory. Castiel continues to put up a fight, but it’s half-hearted; he’s giggling too much, and ends up flailing his legs about, trying to kick Dean, but really just looking like a fool.
Dean goes still suddenly, turning in the direction of the unfamiliar voice. His lips are parted in surprise as a stout woman with short hair approaches them, her expression thunderous. “What are you-”
He doesn’t want to think about what just happened. He’s too afraid it’s a trick, something done to lower his defenses, and even if Naomi is just trying to give him Dean in order to get something else, Castiel doesn’t want to be used that way. He doesn’t want Dean to be part of the games they play.
At first, Castiel wants to make a joke. ‘I’m not that kind of girl,’ or something equally cliche and teasing. But before he can even open his mouth, Dean is leaning over and whispering into his ear:
“I know.” Dean rolls his eyes. “If you decide you don’t want to see me for a while, then I figure I probably deserve it. I definitely deserved it over Aaron.”
After leaving that message, after actually making an effort and never getting a response, Castiel loses hope.
Dean’s brush pauses briefly, but is quickly rerouted to the palette, to start making shadows and highlights - something Dean still struggles with sometimes. “Maybe,” Dean mumbles, keeping his eyes on the colors spread before him.
scent, and Castiel can’t help leaning forward to press his nose into it, inhaling sharply. His hips jerk again, and he growls, wrapping his arms around Dean’s torso.
“This kind of food will take some getting used to,” Castiel explains. “You don’t happen to have any gruel, do you?”
“So what were you and Cas fighting about again?” Charlie asks, staring intently at the cards in her hands. Dean eyes her carefully, looking for any twitch of her eyebrow or lips, then returns to his own cards.
warrior-lovers.” Sam sighs and sounds almost bitter as he quietly adds, “Jen will have to learn how to let Jared take care of himself and be his own person first, and God only knows how long that’ll take.”
So Castiel does. Forget the baggage, forget college, forget the future. Just for tonight, this is all that matters.
Cas struggles to get his laughter under control, until he can finally respond: “I don’t have anything going on with Bela.” He’s still grinning like a fool, even if the giggles have mostly stopped. “I was comforting her.”
Mary studies him for a moment, humming softly. “Is this because of the hangover, or because of what happened this morning?”
This is a valid point. But at the same time, Castiel isn’t sure aggression is the right road to take. When Castiel was struggling to be seen and recognized by his own mother, aggression worked: whatever her other flaws, Naomi never accepted anyone’s bullshit, and pushing back showed her that Castiel wouldn’t accept the same from her. He had to put his foot down, over and over, to make himself heard, and however much that rocked the boat at the time, he doesn’t regret it, and he’s very pleased with how much better things are between them now.
“I can’t…” Castiel begins, but his voice disappears. He takes a deep breath and runs both hands through his hair, pacing next to the bed. “Dean, you’re…”
“You’re in trouble now,” Jess chimes in, crossing her legs and leaning back in her chair. She and Sam swivel back and forth with matching serious expressions, and Castiel chuckles to himself.
“Dean wouldn’t give you a ride?” she asks, turning an accusatory eye on her eldest. Dean opens his mouth to correct her, but Castiel cuts him off.
him as weak, and would never use his weaknesses against him. He makes mistakes, but that’s an entirely different thing from the lifetime of control and masks and learning to lie that Castiel’s mother has put him through.
Cas laughs sharply, never taking his eyes off Dean’s face. “Don’t be stupid, Dean. This changes everything.”
Dean finally lets go and sits back down when Charlie starts kicking at his shins, and she pouts at him when he rests his chin in one hand and invitingly waves a hand for her to continue. “I don’t know why you’re so excited about this,” she mutters, setting the deck of cards aside and crossing her arms on the table. “It’s not that big a deal.”
Cas is into this. Whether he wants to talk about it or not, he is. And Dean doesn’t want to miss this opportunity. He likes making people feel good, after all, and honestly, in his own selfish way, Dean just wants to see it. For his own fantasies.
“Just don’t turn into Becky and we’ll be okay,” Dean says dismissively. “Not to change the subject or anything, but you should check that out,” and he gestures over his shoulder. Down by the water, two small figures are standing close together, hands clasped. The taller shadow leans into the other’s face, and Dean is practically beaming. “That’s my boy.”
Mildred chuckles, then points at Castiel’s chest as the line slowly moves forward again. “Northwestern, eh? That’s a good school. Are you a student, or still just a hopeful?”
There’s a moment where Castiel almost makes a snide remark about Aaron, but he reels it in and even manages to let it go without any sort of resentment. He doesn’t want to ruin this, and any step away from the past is a step in the right direction. “I wanted to take it slow. The rest was just hypotheticals.”
And Castiel gets it. He’s not entirely sure why Dean would do this, but he still slips out of bed and peeks through the curtain. Dean is right outside, a tote bag over his shoulder, and he has the audacity to grin and wave when he notices Castiel. Caught, Castiel rolls his eyes and pulls the curtains back, opening the window.
Dean’s doesn’t want to have this conversation, so he just clenches his jaw and stays silent. Bela and Victor don’t seem to notice, or they just don’t care.
But Naomi doesn’t have the visceral reaction he’s expecting. In fact, her eyes soften, and she leans into his space before taking his hand again and whispering, “Are you?”
“Hah!” Bela scoffs. “You’re so busy being jealous of me, you never stopped to put the puzzle pieces together. Idiot.”
“I want to try.” Castiel squeezes Dean’s hands. “I can’t make promises about whether or not I’ll be able to talk about things with you, but I can promise I won’t run away anymore. I’ll tell you next time I need space, and I won’t drag it out for too long.” He hesitates, then adds, “Because I love you,” as a reminder. “I always end up feeling guilty and missing you after a couple days anyway.”
They smile stupidly at each other for a moment, each probably picturing what his prom would have been like with the other on his arm. Dean finally breaks the spell by saying, “I’m sorry I slept with Aaron, and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about it.”
Jo purses her lips, turning this over in her head. Gilda leans back into Charlie as Charlie stares at Dean with narrow eyes. Meg scoffs, shaking her head, but when Dean turns to look at Cas, Cas stares back, eyes wide and blue enough that Dean has to blink and lean away.
Castiel starts to say something, but Dean’s not done yet. “Dad has always felt bad about it, he apologizes whenever I see him, and it’s not like he meant to do it, he wasn’t in his right mind…” Dean pauses and bites his lower lip for a moment. “But still. Just because your brother hasn’t hurt you yet doesn’t mean he never will.”
Jo rolls her eyes as she slides into the backseat next to Sam, tucking the stripe of purple hair behind her ear. “It’s just Kool-Aid, I’ll rinse it out before she ever notices.”
person. He makes mistakes sometimes, but even those mistakes are usually made with good intentions. And Castiel loves that about him. He loves that Dean may be imperfect, but that doesn’t mean he’s not
“Did you write me a love letter, Cas?” He teases, grunting when Cas’s knuckles slam into his stomach. “All right, all right, you don’t wanna deal with anymore feelings, I gotcha.”
The night passes slowly, with Dean’s heats coming and going in increasingly torturous waves. True to his word, Castiel does what he can to keep Dean comfortable, be it cleaning sweat from Dean’s skin with a cool cloth, or giving Dean little sips of water when his throat is dry, or simply petting his hair while Dean squirms and tries not to beg Castiel to just fuck him already.
, and it’s more than a little overwhelming. Luckily, Jess seems to be in her element: no one glances at him twice since he’s with her, and soon enough, they’re out of the kitchen and in a quiet staircase.
!” He’s shuffling forward, and now Castiel is laughing, trying to hide it behind his hand, but Dean feeds on the attention. “
Dean rolls his eyes. While the tide’s in, he takes an opportunity to splash water at Castiel’s face. Castiel sputters and wipes salt water from his eyes before lunging at Dean.
“Come by the Roadhouse sometime and I’ll get you a milkshake,” she says with a wink. Behind her, Charlie salutes. Castiel waves at them both, then follows Dean back to the sidewalk.
He’s in a damn good mood, actually. When he called Lisa this morning to tell her he was almost out of jail, she’d suggested a few potential date spots, then promised to end the night up on the hill. Mom had been home for lunch and helped him prepare garlic bread grilled cheese. Now Cas is laughing next to him while Jo and Sam cheerfully sing the goddamn door song, trying to overpower Dean’s radio, and the sunset lights the sky on fire behind them. It’s warm and reassuring and Dean loves everything about moments like these.
“Nope,” Dean says quickly, mirroring Cas’s position. “Nuh-uh, not happening. There will be no Disco whatevers playing in my room.”
Mary raises an eyebrow at this last statement, then makes a soft humming noise. “Well. You do look handsome, so if your mom wanted to make an impression, she succeeded.”
Charlie looks skeptical, tilting her head and narrowing her eyes. “Riiiight. And Buffy Summers is just your average teenage girl.”
There’s a voice shouting in the background that sounds an awful lot like Bobby, plus the clanking of metal and the low rumble of an engine. Dean curses quietly, but otherwise seems content to wait until Castiel responds.
“What’s the matter, baby?” Mary hums when Dean finally steps back out of her arms. He hates how weak he feels in this moment, how much he needs his mother’s comfort. Her hands sweep over his face, thumbs rubbing the wetness off his cheeks, and he gently grips her wrist to stop her.
It’s half a joke and half not wanting to be apart when Castiel asks Dean to walk him back to his room. From the way Dean is blushing when he agrees, and the way his hand sits on Castiel’s back, it’s apparent that he recognizes this cliche as well. The good night kiss after an exceptionally memorable date. They’ve kissed tons of times - hell, they’ve touched each others dicks - but Castiel still feels a little giddy as they stand on opposite sides of the elevator, pretending not to watch each other.
Alastair passes around a bottle of vodka, and invites other kids, favored customers, to join the circle and play little games. After a while, Alastair starts passing a joint around, informing everyone that he has new connections and can now provide pot or other drugs, if anyone is interested. Dean is too drunk to take a proper hit, and then he’s too drunk to care that everyone laughs when he chokes on the smoke. He’s too drunk to think of better, happier, smaller parties held on this same beach, and he’s too drunk to notice how loud and rowdy the crowd has gotten, how few clothes everyone seems to be wearing, how the joint in his circle isn’t the only one being passed around.
Castiel grinds against Dean’s backside, pushing himself in deep, and Dean chokes on his breath, his dick twitching eagerly against his stomach. Castiel rolls his hips, slowly grinding in and dragging out, and takes his time sniffing and scenting Dean. He leaves kisses all across Dean’s shoulders, nuzzles at his scent gland and the soft hair near the nape of his neck. Dean shivers under the affection, confused by it, but maybe not as confused as he should be.
"Since I got here." Cas points at it. "I wasn't sure if I was going to give it to you or not, but I guess whatever you're wondering, you'll find the answers when you open it."
Cas goes where Dean leads, but shakes his head as they take a seat on the edge of the bed. “There’s nothing to talk about,” Cas says, as Dean sets his book on the bedside table. “Meg decided we weren’t going to work out. She flew home this morning. That’s it.”
Every step away from that door feels like it’s tearing another piece of Dean away, replacing him with solid, roaring emptiness. He aches all around his edges, particularly at his temples, but everything inside is a void.
to give in to Dean, that urge that always makes him feel so weak… he can still pull away. He’s been doing so all summer. And that’s not weakness. It’s strength.
. It was nice to have someone on his side for a moment, but he doesn’t want to accuse Dean of something he’s not guilty of. He doesn’t want to invite the girls to descend on him like locusts, or avoid him like the plague. And Dean would just wave it off and talk to him like he’s a child.
Mary would probably rather claw out her own eyes and make a smoothie with them, but Dean says, “Maybe,” anyway, because at the end of the day, if John really is sober now and if he can stay sober, Dean would like to get to know him.
When he doesn’t continue, Castiel twists to face him, then scoots in closer and rests his elbows on his knees, his chin in his hands. “Well, go on.”
“Seriously,” Castiel tries again once they’re outside, still following her to her car. “If I walk, it’ll just be about fifteen minutes---”
Castiel sighs and pushes himself up. He’s got just enough time to shower and change before running down to meet the girls. Charlie’s not the type to lie, but who knows? Maybe Jo and Pam convinced her this was the best way to get Dean and Castiel back in the same space.
Dean really doesn’t like this. It’s just his kid brother, but with Sam delivering lines Dean has heard both from Cas and Mary recently, he feels like he’s being ganged up on. Besides, what would Sam say if he knew that all of this was for him? To protect him from bullies and predators? Alastair has a lot of pull in this little stretch of the Oregon Coast, so even some small fry kid at Sam’s school, someone who knows nothing about the business, might have to face a penalty for messing with someone on Dean’s protected list.
As the day carries on, however, Castiel’s anxiety continues to rise. Back at the house, Castiel sits on the couch and picks at his fingers, unable to really focus on whatever movie is playing on the television while Dean fixes lunch. Luckily, Sam and Mary don’t seem to notice how quiet Castiel is, and the two of them being around seems to distract Dean enough that he may not notice either. Which is fine. Castiel is fine. He can get through this. There’s nothing to worry about, except all the ways that tonight may not go perfectly.
“It’s fine,” Dean says again, pushing away from the cabinet, keeping his face down. “I have shit to take care of.”
Sam snorts and shakes his head. “No, I got it ‘cause I read the Iliad for class a couple months ago, and we had this whole conversation about the relationship between Achilles and Patroclus.” He whoops when the race ends with his victory, then sets his controller aside before looking at Castiel again. “Achilles went into full mourning after Patroclus died, then went and slaughtered his killer and dragged the killer’s corpse around behind his chariot. That’s not something you do for your buddy.” He chuckles softly and leans back on his hands. “So that whole warrior-lovers thing got me thinking. And I think, at the very least, Ky is in love with Jen. But it’ll take a while for both of them to get to a place where they can actually
“Castiel.” Naomi’s tone is sharp and demanding, and Castiel has to fight the instinct to lower his head in deference. She seems to realize this, her expression softening as she finally meets Castiel’s eyes. “If you’re afraid of our reaction, you shouldn’t be. We will love you no matter what.”
“I don’t understand you,” Castiel snaps. Dean’s growl cuts off into a nervous whine, and across the table, Mary whispers Castiel’s name, trying to distract or warn him. But Castiel just waits until John lifts his head and meets his eyes again, before he continues, “Omegas are allowed to be free here, in your kingdom. You offer safety and jobs to omegas who were mistreated elsewhere. Dean’s
awkward, the way Dean drops one hand to Castiel’s shoulder but quickly removes it, doesn’t try to pull Castiel closer or hold him or nuzzle him, and Castiel finds himself mourning the loss when Dean pulls away and shrugs, forcing a laugh.
It’s too late, though. Now everyone’s attention has turned to Charlie, who has shrunk in her seat, hands over her face. It’s immediately clear that Dean is the only person at this table she had shared her secret with, and he can practically see the wheels turning in Jo’s head. Her eyes are narrowing, cheeks turning ruddy red, as her eyes dart between Dean and Charlie.
Dean glances at Cas without removing his lips from Lisa’s head. Cas takes a sharp breath, and almost seems to crumple for a moment, his hand gripping compulsively at his jersey as he turns away from the couple.
Dean leans back against the counter and wishes Sam would at least give John a chance. Recognize that he’s trying. And Dean realizes it’s strange that he’d want to defend his father this way, having barely known him for most of his life, and certainly not remembering him as a sober or particularly happy man. But he kind of gets where his dad’s coming from. Wanting forgiveness, whether he deserves it or not. Dean’s willing to play along, if only because it makes him feel better about his chances with Cas.
Sam is absolutely thrilled by his iPod Nano, however, and Mary is left speechless with tickets to see Wicked in Portland after the New Year. Even Dean allows himself to cheerfully accept Castiel’s gift of a new leather jacket, though he pauses when Castiel offers a second box.
part two will be from dean's POV, and will feature more of his family and friends. i'm hoping to have it up within the next couple months - depends on how well this goes!
“They were supposed to be Christmas presents,” Dean explains softly, running his fingers over Jo’s canvas. “But with as much as I’ve been working, I haven’t had the time to finish them.” He looks sad, so Castiel takes his hand and squeezes gently.
,” Dean leaps to defend, his tone exasperated, like they’ve had this discussion several times. Castiel glances at him before turning back to Benny.
Castiel hesitates, then shakes his head. “I’m assuming they won’t let me wear deerskin around the castle,” he says drily, surprising a laugh out of both Dean and Charlie. “Do I have time for a bath, though? I’d rather not meet royalty like this.” He gestures at his mud-covered clothes and skin, and Dean presses a hand over his mouth to suppress his gagging when he sees a patch of blood on Castiel’s thigh.
has some idea of what was going on between Aaron and Dean. She wouldn’t be so confused by the two of them spending time together if she didn’t know.
Castiel laughs, surprising himself. “If you have to ask that question, then you’re not going to understand my answer.” Lucifer simply rolls his eyes, turning back to the television.
This isn’t a date, or anything. Meg will probably be there, after all. But Dean still remembers a couple years ago, climbing into Cas’s tiny bungalow bedroom and listening to him read aloud while Dean doodled in his sketchbook. Dean can’t help wondering if he was already in love with Cas then - he’d loved the sound of his friend’s voice, the way it washed over him and made him feel calm. He’d left that drawing for Cas, of the Ravenclaw quidditch player, because he knew that Cas fancied himself a Ravenclaw, and this was back when Cas was the only one who had seen Dean’s artwork. When Cas was the one who gave him the courage to let other people in.
“Shit,” Dean chuckles, rubbing his free hand over his mouth. “Well, I think you know the answer to that question.”
Aaron glances over at the bonfire, and Castiel follows his gaze. Dean has finally noticed them, and it’s clear just from his posture that he’s concerned by this turn of events, and he’s probably debating whether or not to intervene.
!” Jo screams, and Dean can’t resist. He grins at Cas, then cups his hands around his mouth to amplify his voice as he starts chanting,
“Jo,” Pam hisses, sliding a hand onto Dean’s shoulder and giving him a gentle squeeze. “Just shut up.”
“Bullshit. I asked and you gave.” Dean reaches out, pressing two fingertips under Castiel’s chin until their eyes meet again. “Don’t tell yourself any different. I appreciate
She glances behind her, back towards the dining room. Castiel follows her gaze, and is surprised when he realizes the lights are off. No one has prepared dinner yet. Anna turns back to him, her lower lip between her teeth.
Dean even asks Missouri these questions, among others, and he’s pretty sure he repeats a few, but Missouri is more patient than Dean has ever seen her. She gives him pamphlets and recommends a few websites, and makes it clear that it’s okay for him to talk to her about this stuff, that while she might correct him on certain facts, she will never judge him or tell him how to feel. All without seeming condescending, which Dean truly appreciates.
“Why don’t you watch where you’re standing, genius?” Dean shoots back, finally getting frustrated and dropping the kegs near the door. The clanging noise they make is enough to draw Ellen’s attention from the kitchen:
Cas, however, finally frowns, finally makes an expression that Dean can understand and react to. “Because you don’t need to know.”
"I had no idea you went for that kind of crowd." Bela appraises Castiel, as if seeing him in a new light. "Maybe you're not as boring as I thought you were."
Castiel stares at each girl for a few more seconds, then pulls his hands back, sighing. “Thank you,” he says, dropping his gaze to the table. “I appreciate your concern, but, as Charlie said recently, I don’t want our friendship to revolve around Dean and me. So let’s move on, please”
“Yeah, I just…” Castiel swallows, feeling foolish. This is stupid. He’s in love with Dean, he’s even gone as far as saying so, but
He notices the surprisingly large pile of presents under the Christmas tree as he approaches the couch, but he’s tired and no one is around to ask, so he files it away until morning, and crawls under the covers.
Castiel blinks at Sam, who looks earnestly back at him. The last thing he’d expected was for Sam to see his point of view. After a moment of silence, Sam sighs again.
It’s stupid, probably, to give Dean yet another chance. But for the first time all summer, Castiel doesn’t feel weak when he looks at Dean. And when Dean looks back, summer green eyes glowing with adoration, he remembers that Dean would never
“She said something,” and it’s not at all promising, the way Cas suddenly freezes, the smile dropping from his face. “That there’s something I don’t know about you. She didn’t tell me what it is, but…” Dean laughs softly, still hoping. “But I can’t imagine you’d keep something from me. I mean, I thought you weren’t telling me about dating Bela, but then I hate Bela so of course you’d keep that from me.” Cas actually lifts his head and smiles at that, so Dean continues. “But, you’re my best friend. You know everything about me. I should know everything about you. Right?”
“I never claimed to.” Castiel sips in a breath, struggling to keep control over his emotions as he turns back to the display of sex accessories. “I’m not the one who’s angry about Dean spending time with his boyfriend that lives two-thousand miles away, that he rarely sees. I’m not the one acting like I never see him when he lives right down the street from me. I’m not the one antagonizing the person he’s in love with.”
This is such a flip that Dean’s not sure how to take it. He hadn’t expected Lisa to even let Cas in her front door, let alone listen to what he had to say. Still, he can’t argue with the results.
Dean takes a few more deep breaths, trying to get himself under control, then reaches for his phone. He pulls up Charlie’s name in his contact list, putting his phone to his ear as he takes a quick glance around the room, up the stairs, down the hallway, to ensure he’s alone.
“Okay,” Dean says cheerfully, wiggling his toes as the surf bubbles up around him. “I’ll just hang out here. You don’t have to talk if you don’t want to, but I’m already out so I’m not gonna go all the way back home.”
“But when will I have this opportunity again?” Castiel asks, sitting up and twisting around, so that he and Dean are both facing towards the town. Warm little lights are glowing beyond the treeline down the hill, stable and still. “A pretty girl eager to kiss me?”
She opens another door that leads into a bright, empty hallway. The windows look out onto a beautiful courtyard, but Castiel hardly has time to look at it, hurrying to keep up with Jess. “So where are you from?” she asks.
“Did I frighten you?” She asks, stepping inside and closing the door behind her as Castiel tries to hide his scowl by focusing on picking Shredded Wheat off the bedspread. “I apologize.”
Lisa bites her lower lip and nods quickly. Dean takes her hand and tugs her along until they find the refreshments set up in the kitchen. Dean huffs slightly; some Jack Daniels, a few flavors of Smirnoff, a little Captain Morgan, and a shit-ton of store-brand soda. “Big spender,” Dean remarks under his breath before turning to Lisa. “You don’t have to drink booze if you don’t wanna.”
Charlie takes a deep breath. “It’ll be weird, if Jo and I just kiss and we end up being the only same-sex people who do it. Plus, it’ll get so much attention from the boys that Jo might freak out and refuse.” Charlie fidgets some more, then stares at her lap. “I was hoping we could rig it so you could kiss a boy first.”
concert,” Cas says, sounding miffed when Dean laughs again. He sets his bowl of sauce down, pleased with the scent of basil and honey spreading throughout the kitchen, and puts his cell phone on speaker, so he can prepare the chicken and talk to Cas at the same time.
Castiel blinks at her, confused, but Naomi doesn’t say more. Michael steps in, putting his hand back on Castiel’s shoulder, and laughing softly when Castiel jumps. “That’s true. You are my brother regardless of who you love, and that will never change.”
lately. Castiel had been so afraid of having this, but now that he’s giving Dean a chance, he doesn’t want to lose all this…
Castiel actually thinks this is a fair criticism, and despite Dean’s huff of annoyance, he’s about to say so; he figures it can’t hurt to agree with the king in any regard.
Not that Naomi isn’t trying her hardest to open him up too. She catches him alone whenever she can and asks about Dean and Charlie and Jo. While Castiel is impressed that she remembers the girls’ names, he doesn’t want to tell her the whole awful story of his and Dean’s courtship. It doesn’t paint him or Dean in a good light, and even though things are shitty right now, Castiel still wants his family to like Dean when they inevitably come back together.
“Maybe it was.” Cas shrugs. “But it wasn’t romantic or sexual in any way. She was upset, and I wanted to make her feel better.”
“Do you ever wish we could’ve had a normal relationship?” Castiel asks, distractedly playing with Dean’s fingers. “That maybe if we lived in the same town, this wouldn’t be such a mess?”
“You don’t get to really steal me away for a couple more years, babe,” he says with a wink. Lisa shakes her head, smiling.
Naomi raises an eyebrow and straightens her back. “That was years ago, Castiel. Situations change.” She hesitates, then softly adds, “People change.”
Dean clears his throat and adjusts his collar, turning to Jess instead. “I’ll take him down to the dining hall. You’re done for the night.”
Cas is golden. He is sunshine wrapped up in a seventeen year-old boy, with graceful fingers that touch Dean’s artwork like it’s something valuable, and a stray part of Dean’s mind wonders if Cas would touch him like that, given the chance. And Dean wants Cas to be in his life forever. He doesn’t want him to leave ever again, and he doesn’t want this awful thing from last summer to be between them anymore. His heart stutters in his chest, leaving him light-headed, but whatever is happening, he can’t quite wrap his head around it. Not with last summer still weighing so heavily in his mind.
But he didn’t. And in the future, whenever he dares to think about this part of his life, he’ll always think about the night Charlie came to save him, and wish he’d let her do so.
. He’s a violent thug, he broke a kid’s nose tonight and left that kid in tears while his so-called ‘friends’ laughed and cheered. He’s a drunk at sixteen, trying to numb himself with booze, just like the father he so rarely hears from. He abandons his girlfriend for these parties, he fights with his real friends because of them, and he’s throwing away his future for this?
The clean smell of citrus hits his nose, easing his nausea, and a small hand strokes down his back. Behind him, he hears the gate creaking, and the distant sound of boots on wood. He wipes his mouth, lifting his head to give Charlie a weak smile. “‘Least I missed his shoes.”
And now it all makes sense. Now, Castiel feels like he can trust Dean again, like he knows who Dean really is deep down. He’s seen past the veil that even Jo, Charlie, and Sam can’t get around, and he smiles until Dean hesitantly smiles back.
“Dean, seriously, just don’t-” But Cas cuts himself off with a frustrated noise when Dean flips the phone open and holds it to his ear.
“Yes, it is!” Dean reaches over and takes Castiel’s hand, staring at his fingers as if he can’t bear to meet Castiel’s eyes. “If you’re not ready or whatever, then all you have to do is tell me and I’ll wait. I’ll hang out here until you come around, that’s totally cool.”
"It's my dad's collection. He gave them to me when I turned thirteen." Dean carefully puts the record back into place, and runs his palm over the small but admirable selection. "He misses my birthday sometimes, but he always tries to make up for it." And Dean must miss the horrified look on Castiel's face, because he smiles dreamily and rests his chin in his hands. "He said he'd give me his car for my eighteenth birthday. I could go without for a few years as long as he remembers that promise."
. Maybe next time, you just remind him what you’re capable of. What you did to Azazel when he got too close to Sam. See if Alastair wants to threaten your family then.”
The eventual agreement was that if Dean could find Castiel again, he could invite him to the castle to meet his family, allow them to judge whether or not he was a good match for Dean, and whether or not he could handle the responsibilities of a prince. Then, and only then, would John be willing to entertain the idea of Cas being Dean's mate.
Dean’s hands shift on the steering wheel. Now that he knows to look, Castiel catches a glimpse of the chain bracelet on his wrist, hidden behind a long-sleeve flannel and a leather jacket. Suddenly, all the puffed-up annoyance disappears, and Dean visibly deflates. “You’ll call me every day, right?”
“You’re not,” Charlie says quickly, though Jo’s tightened jaw and red face say otherwise. Charlie reaches over and places her hand over one of Castiel’s, smiling gently. “You’re not the bad guy. You’re not wrong. Dean should’ve talked about this with you before it all happened, but he didn’t. So now you need to be willing to talk to him about where to go now.”
Sam is still home, watching cartoons, when Dean finally crawls out of bed. It’s a little surprising, considering Sam hasn’t made much effort to stick around while Dean’s been grounded, and Dean catches himself staring in confusion at the back of Sam’s head.
Dean winces, and grudgingly takes a small bite of bacon. Mary smiles encouragingly, so he takes a few more. His head is pounding, so painful he can almost hear it, and he rubs a hand over his eyes just for a few seconds of relief. Mary just rolls her eyes. “Suck it up, buttercup. You got yourself into this mess.”
So the group is complete, and Dean feels happy. Even with Meg leaning against Cas, letting him play with her hair, Dean is pleased to have Cas on one side, Charlie on the other, and the rest of their friends gathered around in a circle, arguing about the likelihood of Harry’s death, and who is going to end up with who.
Balthazar waltzes through the front door just as Castiel is returning his phone to his ear. Cas waves a greeting, and Balthazar returns it with a curious expression just as the ringing stops.
Castiel is humming a Disney song under his breath as he unlocks the hotel room door, lost in the fog that comes with Dean’s tender, devoted kisses. They agreed to see each other again tomorrow, after Dean gets off work, and Castiel is caught up in daydreams and wishes of what might come next-
Dean frowns so hard it’s almost a pout, and Castiel wonders exactly what they were talking about that’s left Benny so wary. Usually people can’t stop telling him how much Dean sings his praises - even Lisa had been quick to tell him so. What was said that put Benny on the fence?
These feelings must show on Castiel’s face, because Aaron is suddenly putting a bit more space between them, and he’s saying, “I mean, I don’t know him as well as you do, of course. Dean kind of likes that enigma thing, y’know, and he always said that you knew him better than anyone, that you accepted him anyway, and that’s what he-”
But then Castiel glances sideways at Dean, who notices and gives him a sad, apologetic smile, and Castiel melts at the sight of it. The smell of spice and apples hits his nose again, far sweeter and more mouth-watering than the dish in front of him, and Castiel only just stops himself from leaning in to scent Dean’s neck.
So he’s a little nervous of what she’ll find this time, especially when she sits up and gestures at the cards. “What do you guys see?” Pam says. Jo and Gilda lean in even closer.
“What?” Castiel raises up onto his elbows, but Dean still doesn’t look at him. “What about my family?”
Bela rolls her eyes and shoves him playfully, though he barely shifts under her touch. Sometimes it’s funny to think about the year they met, how skinny Castiel had been, and still small enough that he could meet Bela’s eyes when she wore low-heels. She’s filled out a little more and has decided to try having bangs, but otherwise looks mostly the same. Maybe that’s why it feels so weird to look down at her, to feel like he has to be careful not to crush her when they exchange a warm hug.
“Don’t be a dick,” Jo snaps, and Castiel is a little taken aback by her vehemence. Charlie and Pam are frowning at him too, something closer to disappointment on their faces, which allows Castiel to finally realize that this is a lost cause. They’re here to defend Dean, and nothing he says will make them see otherwise.
Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket and immediately sends a text saying as much to Lisa. Cas laughs softly, shaking his head, and Dean narrows his eyes.
“Visiting,” Castiel answers, as Jo forces Charlie to help her take the blankets back to their bikes. Dean reappears at Castiel’s side, leaning against his shoulder.
His plan is to tell Michael that he’d spent the day with Bela, then gone out for a run before dinner. The truth is, he spent his time laying on the grass with Dean, Charlie and Jo, watching Sam teach Sarah how to kick a ball around. She’d picked it up surprisingly fast, and by mid-afternoon, the group of them were playing HORSE, girls versus boys. It had been fun, relaxing, even if Dean was overly competitive and liked to attempt to sabotage Jo and Charlie during their turns.
Dean inhales sharply, lifting his head to meet a set of wide blue eyes. His mind is clear now, but he can feel the heat still licking at his insides. When he pulls his fingers out of his hole, they’re drenched in slick, and Castiel’s eyes darken when that smell becomes too strong.
Dean winces, aware that he deserved that. But he’s been in therapy, he’s been working on this, and maybe he can lend some of that to Cas.
Castiel’s face heats up, and he slaps his hand over his neck. He’s well-aware that it doesn’t matter; he’s been noticing the bruises on both sides of his neck for the last couple mornings, and the matching ones on Dean’s, and he knows that they both waltzed into the Winchester home last night with them on full display. Of course Sam noticed. It’s still embarrassing to be called out on them, though.
But when he opens his eyes again, Mary is standing on the landing, watching him closely. “You okay?” she asks.
It’s quiet. No more music. So Castiel can hear the soft skritch of lead on paper as he watches an image appear from Dean’s hands. It’s soothing and meditative. Zen as fuck.
They’re quiet after they get back in the car, contentedly holding hands in the space between them as they cross the city line into Sileas. Music still plays soft in the background, and there’s an air of wistfulness in the car as they turn onto Dean’s street. A quiet part of Castiel wishes they had run to San Francisco and taken an extra day for just the two of them; they made such great strides, and he worries that they’ll stall again now that Dean has to go back to working long hours, and they won’t have the time or privacy to be intimate.
This situation is far beyond Castiel’s capabilities. While he understands Dean’s desire to reconnect with his father, he understands Sam’s lingering anger too. It’s good that John has quit drinking, and is making more of an effort to engage with his older boys, but it also took him a long time to come around. Frankly, Castiel thinks it’s unfair that he couldn’t get clean for Sam and Dean, but seemed to have no trouble doing so for Adam. That said, as long as Castiel has known Dean and from what Dean has told him about his father, it’s always been painfully clear that Dean desperately wanted to reconnect anyway. The precious vinyl collection, the beautiful car, the quick defense of the first and only time John ever laid a hand on him… Dean still believes in his father, and wishes for his approval.
It’s a magnolia blossom that Dean painted in class two weeks ago, with a touch of pink still in the petals as they stretch towards the sun. While Dean doesn’t want to go around bragging about painting flowers, of all things, he had genuinely liked the final result. Mary has a few paintings proudly hung in her bedroom and the living room already, so Dean decided that Missouri might like this one.
After the bill is settled (by a stubborn, pushy Dean, who did not at all appreciate Castiel's rolled eyes and crossed arms), they head back out to the Impala. She is a vision in the moonlight, and when Dean reverently drags his fingertips across her hood, Castiel doesn't even think to tease him for his affections. She means more to Dean than most people would understand, than even Castiel can understand, and he would never dream of deriding Dean for it.
Aaron had spoken so casually. Like he thought it was just that easy. Like a romance novel where a misunderstanding is just that. But this isn’t just a misunderstanding, and Castiel drops his hands, clenching them into fists as he glares at Dean. “You never thought to save some part of yourself for
Cas takes a step back, gripping Dean’s shoulders, and he’s still smiling. Dean can’t look away. “I’ve missed you,” Cas says, and
Castiel growls, and Dean laughs, though the sound turns strangled when Castiel’s teeth drag against his neck. Castiel decides there’s no point in wasting any more time. He pushes his hand into Dean’s shorts as if he has every right to be there, taking his dick in hand and giving it a few rousing strokes. Dean gasps, “Okay,” and pushes his hips into Castiel’s hold, “Works for me.”
Dean looks up to see Gilda blinking curious brown eyes at him, with Charlie smiling next to her. Just behind them are Cas and Meg, in the middle of a whispered conversation. Jo makes a delighted noise and reaches over to hug Gilda before thrusting a menu into her hands and explaining the coupons on the back. Charlie leans against her girlfriend’s arm and listens closely, clearly interested in cheap date opportunities.
“What don’t you like?” Because maybe Dean can fix this. Maybe he can make it all better, and they can go into their junior year stronger and more in love. But Lisa doesn’t look back at him, choosing to continue staring out the window instead.
This fight sounds familiar, and Dean rubs his hand over his mouth before reaching across the table towards Jo. “It’s not that important, Jo, it doesn’t have to mean
Sam hesitates. “It should still be in the caller ID,” he says slowly. “So. Yeah. Whenever you want.”
“As an omega, Dean is good for bridging relationships with other lands,” John says slowly, as if Castiel is some sort of imbecile. “As a prince, his whole existence is political. He can’t do a damn thing without affecting our reputation as rulers, and if he had been an alpha, I would just be trying to find him a suitable companion. There is no difference.”
“Fair enough. Put Cas on ice, I’ll be there as soon as possible.” It’s only after Dean’s hung up the phone and started the truck that he remembers he’s on a date. He glances guiltily at Lisa, cringing slightly. Dean had started working at Bobby’s shop immediately after his sixteenth birthday, so even though he and Lisa have been going steady for a while, it’s only since school ended (and Mary threatened to get Dean fired if he didn’t cut back on his hours and have some fun) that they’ve actually been able to spend a lot of time together, just the two of them. “Sorry,” Dean mumbles, not looking at her directly. “It’s just he’s-”
After about fifteen minutes, Dean gets a whiff of wet earth and running water, and his heart starts to pound with excitement. Okay,
Missouri frowns. “Don’t you lie to me. Lying solves nothing. Ignoring the problem solves nothing. So spit it out, child.”
Dean surprises him with a brief, chaste kiss of gratitude, then heads for the kitchen, closing the shutter doors behind him. After a moment’s hesitation, Castiel goes upstairs after Sam.
And it’s astonishing, how quickly the Winchesters’ faces fall. Sam is practically pouting, his brown eyes round, and Castiel is struck with the image of a forgotten teddy bear. He holds his arms out for a hug, pulling Sam in tight, and makes a silent promise to spend more time with the boy next summer. “I’m glad you tripped over me, Sam,” he mumbles, and Sam laughs in his ear.
“She’s not scaring me!” Castiel protests, drawing himself up on his stool, only to curl back up again when Pam sends him a flirtatious wink. Even Dean laughs at him this time.
There are other items that will have to stay at the bar until morning though, either because of health laws, or because Ellen is afraid they’ll get stolen.
Sam chuckles. “Sure. Someday. I want to be a lawyer.” He looks over his shoulder at Mary, who still seems to be having a very cheerful, friendly conversation with Naomi. “I’d like to be big enough, have enough money someday, to be able to do pro bono work for single moms.” He frowns slightly. “Help them get good child support, or get away from bad husbands. You know?”
“Respect.” Castiel smiles, thinking of Dean and how careful he was over the weekend. “It’s not always about sweeping her into your arms and ravishing her. With her parents present, she might be nervous too, but she’ll have a better idea of their reaction than you will.”
Wait. Cas said he'd had it since he arrived in town, so if his dad was the one taking care of him and Anna this summer…
“I won’t take Dean away from Winchester,” Castiel promises, voice soft. “And I would never be half the king he could be.”
“It was funny when you thought it was Victor!” Dean argues, following as she takes off across the sand. “What the hell’s the difference?”
“What was the point of this?” he yells as Dean approaches, still swinging his arms and hands around. Dean scoffs.
“You’re late to the party, Gabe,” he says, stretching his legs out, toes pointed towards the ocean. “I’m not telling this story
With a huff, Castiel leans on his hands again. “Okay, okay. Have you ever heard of Zachariah Adler?”
Jo brandishes a pointed finger, opens her mouth… then closes it, rocking back on her heels. Her jaw is jutted forward, a vein sticking out in her neck when she answers, “You aren’t one of
“I don’t either, if you were foolin’ around,” and Missouri manages to sound fond even as she rolls her eyes and frowns at Dean. “Not the kindest thing you’ve ever done.”
