This is a voice I most definitely recognize.
***********************************************
There are words in the kiss. Sentences. Their meaning clear to both of them. No “How and What” guidebook needed.
Yes....he really does need a drink.
He came here.....
Leaving Mrs. Hudson to her daily routine and himself to try and make sense of the events of the morning.
“We have seen you”, the disembodied voice says. Sherlock still cannot point out where the words are coming from. None of the figures has moved their lips and....somehow....it feels as if they all have.
he needs to stop thinking about John
'You got back together with your ex at that party', Sherlock said. Eyes still on his book.
But he actually needs this  job.
“So, what is the plan for today?” John's question is followed by a large bite of his breakfast toast and a questioning look at Holmes who is seated opposite him at their shared table. Holmes is calmly sipping his tea. At John's question the corners of his mouth curl up and a barely perceptible twinkle lights up his blue-green eyes.
Finally they are able to close the door behind them and Holmes immediately sits himself down on the bed with a heavy sigh. He waves his hands around in the air and a couple of the candles situated around the room light up but several others faintly spark only to remain unlit.
A dark thing that's alive and throbs and moves with its own heartbeat and gasping breath.
“Have you taken many people to this hotel?” John asks.
For one, tomorrow night was the night of Philips party that John had so stupidly agreed to go to. To say he was not looking forward to it was an understatement to say the least. Mary would be there. His ex-girlfriend Mary. Well, ex-girlfriend for the moment. John and Mary were notoriously known around the school for the “on again/ off again” nature of their relationship. If he ran into her at that party, a social setting, with alcohol and a relaxed atmosphere, things might happen between them. Things that had happened before.
I want to tell him no, absolutely not, please don't come near me ever again but Molly busts in:
The smile Mycroft gives him is nothing short of dazzling.
“Do you think....”, John begins to say but he is interrupted by another bloodcurdling scream.
He's been messing up a lot of his lines again.....missing his cues.....
There was no Sherlock.
******************************************************
'The thing.'
“I think you do. You were sitting here all alone in the dark, getting drunk.....er, thinking I was having an affair.”
Together.
She gives a long suffering sigh as she stares at Greg a little longer before turning back towards the table and me.
The look on his brother's face forever sad. As if he already knew what was to follow. As if he was already saying his silent goodbye.
**************************************************
So Finn had been right. Watson interested him.
A sign she uses to signal that she's about to start her class.
“I didn't mean to take advantage of you”, John says.
'Quite', Sherlock replied. An equally fake smile on his face, 'and yourself?'
At these words, spoken so softly and intimately between them Sherlock's grip tightened around him. His fingers digging into John's shirt. Leaving bruises where they gripped into the skin underneath. John didn't mind. If it had been possible right now he wanted Sherlock's warm and soothing hands to claw a way inside his aching body and quell the raging fire that hurt him from the inside out.
Maybe this is a sign that I should leave.
'My line of work is.....dangerous.'
He is sensing the sale of a lifetime and he is more than willing to please.
He clears his throat. For some reason his  mouth has gone dry and his tongue feels as if its made out of wood.
“Breakfast, Watson?” Holmes says.
“John!”
Inside the both of them.
The familiar beep of an opportunity lost is back in his ear and Sherlock breathes in and out slowly.
Sherlock can't sleep.
“Thank you”, he says, “I like John. I want him to be happy and from what I've been able to tell over these last couple of months....that's with you....so......”
Sherlock decides to direct his attention to her instead.
When he was younger his father had even used the misfortune of the Holmes' to try and keep John from wandering outside.
He simply cannot crawl into a bed next to Holmes with those memories and feelings once again fresh in his mind.
“I'm sure you'll figure it out.”
He needs to let him know that, whatever he´s willing to give, John is willing to take.
Just like her.
“I think....perhaps....we both had a little bit too much to drink”, Holmes had said then, “it's making it hard for me to think.”
Holmes has brought a small bag with a change of clothes and a couple other things they might need on the road. They stow it in the back of the carriage together with a bag John had prepared a bit earlier for himself.
Nonsense like that.
****************************************
John finds he's not even surprised. Somehow, Sherlock being fluent in Italian seems to be the most logical thing about everything that has happened today.
'Perhaps', Holmes had said and he had snapped his fingers and as he did so a small flame had formed at the tips of them.
Apologize?
He loves John.
“No cupcake for breakfast, Mycroft?”
“Of course I know that”, he says. Curt and to the point.
It's where he goes whenever the strange woman with shark-like teeth and eyes filled with torture and hate comes to visit him.
It's as if we live in two different worlds.
Usually it takes a lot of effort to perform magic and talk at the same time but not tonight. Tonight everything comes easy.
John seems hesitant and at the sight of it Sherlock's stomach drops....what if Mary was right...
He hasn't smiled in so long.
“Ehm....”, he says, “I'll sleep in the chair.”
He had seen her face as he was sinking beneath the waters of an icy lake.
That he wasn't out yet.
He came here to escape small mindedness.
'You keep saying that....' A crooked smile was forming on the Dark Elf's face as the light of the fire was reflected in his golden-red eyes.
*****************************************************************************
Well......not entirely.......if he closes his eyes he can still feel John's lips on his.
His silence seems to make John even more nervous but he's not quite sure what to say. The silence between them is for once not a comforting and amicable one but an oppressive force stealing away Sherlock's words and breath.
He had been in love with James. From the moment he had met him really. James had been a soft spoken man. Quick to smile. Always so worried about John. In the beginning John had chalked it up to the age difference between them. James being about 10 years his superior, but now, looking back on it, he wasn't so sure anymore. There had been touches and lingering looks. A lot of time wasted. No point in dwelling on it now. James had gone missing in action just a week before John had been released from the hospital although John didn't find out until much later. He had been forced to leave the army after that. Turns out they had no use for a soldier with a tremor in his sword-hand and an unexplainable limp that came and went at the most inopportune moments. After that John had been roaming the countryside. Looking for the odd job. Unable to go home...
'No 'A'?'
And so I just stand there awkwardly and gape at him.
Mary's hands stopped. She remained silent. Her gaze firmly fixed downward. Her fingers gripping tighter into the soft dough.
To Sherlock.
I can see his pupils carefully shift to the corners of his eyes as his fingers stop typing away on the keyboard.
“I knew it!”
I really hope it was at least somewhat readable and enjoyable...I tried....an effort was made....
“Oh....shit.....no.....I mean......that's what the rugby team calls her. She used to hang around while we practiced a lot......I mean
He does not remember actually agreeing to this but it seems like he is.
She doesn't do weekends. She doesn't do days off, period.
'Wherever he's gone', she said, 'I don't think he'll be back anytime soon.'
John squeezes their hands where they rest on top of the porch. Sherlock feels as if he's been lit on fire from the inside out.
The soldier had still been talking to Holmes in a calm and gentle voice. Finn has no earthly idea how he is able to keep his calm when Holmes is being this impossible. If it were up to him he would have probably just punched him in the face again.
He's had this dream three times by now and every time he wakes up with a sense of urgency.
He ends up just running after Holmes.
He has, not ever, had a dream that was helpful to him.
I'm still amazed by all the love this story has been getting.
“Sure thing”, he says, “....loverboy.”
He wishes, not for the first time, that he actually had some halfway decent dancing skills, that he was braver, that he had a good opening line prepared.....
Today is today.
John feels his cheeks heat up. He looks into his fly infested beer and first gives a sort of half-shrug and then a small nod.
Comments are always appreciated.
He steals a glance at Sherlock where he is still smoking his cigarette, casually leaning out of the window.
“I'm really not much of a dancer”, he says.
“He confides in  you”, Mrs. Hudson says, “as I have never seen him confide in someone before....well....apart from his brother of course....God rest his soul. What I mean is, if what you were doing upstairs in his room will in any way bring harm to him, I will know where to find you and I know at least three ways to incapacitate a man with a hat pin.”
Somehow John is able to open me up and lay me bare and I'm not quite sure whether I like it or if I'm terrified of it.
His fingers have a slight tremble to them when he pushes the call button.
Call it the risks of caring too much.
Sherlock wished he would just leave.
To him.
He can't afford to think on matters like that for too long. Not while she is watching him from inside of his own mind.
Languidly Sherlock turns his head to the side to look at John who is laying beside him.
The room had felt unbearably empty.
A couple of minutes passed by in silence as John tried to get his derailed mind back on track. He wasn't succeeding.
He is starting to feel just a little bit unsure again now that the warm glow of kissing Holmes in the morning light is starting to wear off.
“Wait....you were jealous.”
They'll just have to wait a bit longer.
'I suppose not' he replied, 'and I'm sure death does not faze you all that much. With your military background and all', for the briefest of moments the smile was back and even though Holmes only looked him up and down briefly John felt laid bare under his gaze.
“You brought this on yourself”, she says, “you should suffer the consequences.”
There had been no secrets between the two brothers.
'Thank you.'
This can only end in disaster.
How it makes you feel as if you're the only person in the world that matters and how you can't wait to have it directed at you again and again and again and......
'You really don't like him do you?' he had asked smiling softly.
Nobody seemed to know where he had gone.
John might get hurt.....or worse....
Sherlock wants to ask John about it. He wants to know everything there is to know about John but at the same time....he doesn't want to make John sad.
Sherlock takes John's rugby jacket from his shoulders and tries to give it back to him but John just shakes his head.
He is even out of breath himself. He hasn't stopped to rest once.
Sherlock doesn't know what to say.
John doesn't really mind this time. He has his own thoughts to keep him busy at the moment.
Too many sounds.
I've told him too much already.
And so I push him away.
He has been too busy trying to process what hat happened before.
It's somewhere between embarrassment, the guilt you feel when someone catches you doing something you shouldn't be doing and......something else. It is followed by a brief smile before John turns back to the front of the class, slumps even lower in his chair and Greg chuckles smugly as he prods John with his elbow, turns around as well and gives Sherlock a smug smile and.....was that an actual wink?
As soon as Sherlock had collapsed John had tried to remember what he knew about CPR while he called the emergency services.
Sherlock apparently lost in thought and John reveling in the feeling of Sherlock's fingertips grazing the tender skin. It was a strange mixture of pain and pleasure he could not get enough of and he bent his neck slightly, trying to increase the pressure, but just as he did Sherlock suddenly withdrew his hand and let it fall to his lap.
The world outside quiet and dark. Most of the village's population asleep in their beds.
'Have you had a good trip, sir?' If Holmes knew what John was hinting at - where did he go? Was magic involved? Did he have to fight anything? - he certainly wasn't letting on.
He would just have to imagine the sun was there, somewhere, hidden behind a very depressing gray canopy of wispy clouds promising snowfall or, at least, an icy cold rain that seemed to cut and slice the skin where it fell.
Holmes rolls his eyes and lets out an exasperated sigh.
And it is fine.
He decides to sit down in the comfortable chair in the corner of the room and have something to eat while he waits for Finn to return or Master Holmes to wake up.
And for a moment Sherlock doesn't understand.
It feels an awful lot like an ending and I do so very
And, indeed, only two hours later the first drops start to fall. Marking the parched earth with dark dots wherever they hit.
John said nothing. Countless possibilities swam through his head of what this “bad news” could be and he wasn't sure he could bear hearing any of them.
Coming on top of me.....
He hated himself.
I just can't go on like this.
With all that has transpired recently.
“It's not complicated, John.”
Skinny, gaunt, disheveled......high.
Once again I rack my brain for another subject to talk about. I blurt out the first thing that comes to my mind:
He looks out over the orchards and all of a sudden the light of the sun catches on a blond head of hair moving between the trees. A very familiar blond head of hair.
'I thought no mortal weapon could harm a fairy?' John had been very confused.
And he doesn't know how to deal with them once he'll leave the set rules and restrictions of the hospital walls.
This time Sherlock shakes his head. He is confused for a moment but then realization dawns on him.
“Do you feel that?”, John asks.
Nothing at all.
, John had said.
But not enough.
I get back still a good 20 minutes before the start of the  movie and about 5 minutes before John will arrive.
There's that sort of impersonality to it, created by the distance and not having to look the other person in the eye, that makes it far easier to share secrets you otherwise would have kept to yourself.
But Molly is not afraid.
In the hushed silence of the dark bedroom he sighed. A cloud drifted in front of the moon but John's skin did not lose any of its ethereal glow.
His short, blond hair. Sticking out in impossible angles.
The intruder doesn't say anything. For far too long they just stand there. Apparently not sure what to do with this strange boy crying in the bathroom and I'm too cowardly to look back and meet their gaze.
Restless.
They always remained the same.
It's always been that way between the both of them.
He likes and hates it at the same time.
'I'm sure Holmes would not want you to lose your job while you're taking care of him. At least......I don't think he would want that.......he's not really been conscious enough to ask......anyway.......show this to Lady Holmes and she'll feel obligated to give you a week off at least to attend the funeral.
“Enjoying the view?”, he asks.
He hears the sound of buzzing flies before he sees him.
His touch was warm and surprisingly soft.
“I am not afraid”, John says and for a moment he feels as if they're going backwards in the story and not forwards. The sound of pages being turned seemingly coming from somewhere up above......or maybe it's the sound of wings flapping frantically.....Holmes is speaking again before he has time to put any coherent thought to it.
'Of course, sir. I'll help you in any way I can. You know this.'
For now they can keep their relationship a secret but the ruse cannot go on forever.
He ends with another shrug. Inside of his pockets I can see him clenching his hands into fists.
He just can't use his magic for a while.
That night John has an unfamiliar nightmare.
A part of him felt embarrassed at this remark and as he felt his cheeks coloring a light shade of pink he quickly turned away his head and pretended it was the biting cold that was the cause of the reaction.
“Will you call me as soon as you land?” John says.
As it turns out Holmes is just downstairs in the communal dining area of the inn having breakfast.
“Are you alright?”, I ask.
“What other explanation do you have then?”
“Any news from Finn then?”
His elbows resting on the windowsill as his back curves.
still get worse.
John is somehow standing in front of him. Sherlock has a bit more room to move now as the people that had been standing around him are either going home or are making their way onto the field.
And as he sat there, on John's perfectly made bed, just the way John liked it, in the darkness of a Thursday night at 3 am, it had seemed as if the walls and ceiling were slowly closing in on him.
*****************************************
The room is gone.
There is snow falling outside my bedroom-window and the light of the moon is reflected off of the pristine thick white dusting it leaves behind on everything outside and because of it my room is a lot brighter than it should be at this time of night.
His grip on me, his hands on my backside, pulling me against him, loosens somewhat and I shiver.
John doesn't even know what he should say.
If he were to throw up on John twice in a row he'd probably have to change his name and move to a different country.
They only have eyes for each other.
- is one he will cherish in years to come.
There had been doubt and uncertainty in his eyes and John's heart had sank at the sight of it.
Of course....a truly powerful magic user could circumvent his spells easily but.....nothing about Watson even so much as whispered magic. Not in the slightest.
Whenever Sherlock used to go to rugby games to secretly watch John he never fit in with the other supporters. He didn't know how to cheer or behave himself....he hardly even knows what the rules to rugby actually are.
Sherlock doesn't know how to answer. He just looks back at Greg. Dumbfounded. Maybe he'll explain himself a bit more if he sees how lost Sherlock actually is.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tries to remember every single detail of this moment so he will never forget it again.
“The armies of the North?”, John whispers. The words an exact echo of the question he had asked Holmes so many months before. For a moment Holmes stirs again. As if he remembers. But almost immediately he seems to sink right back into his contemplative state.
There was no mist, no dew on the grass beneath his feet, the only birds he could hear were blackbirds, sparrows and the odd thrush.
“We are friends.”
“Are you not going to say hi to John?”, Mycroft asks.
Sherlock doesn't want to look at his brother but he also doesn't want to look out of the window and see the miles between him and John and his newfound happiness increase more and more and so he just looks at his hands folded in his lap.
She is all wrong.
After a couple of moments where Sherlock seemed to avoid eye-contact at all costs John hazarded:
'Yes I do.'
“I specifically warned you about going to that party.”
Must be one of the lessor known laws of physics.
I knew we should have stayed home.
So instead he decides to try and lighten the mood in an attempt to lift the weight of John's confession.
(See the end of the chapter for
It felt like coming home.
They have removed their shoes but have kept the rest of their clothes on.
And so he keeps his eyes open.
“Yeah.....I think so.....yeah”, the soldier says.
That I still don't know if he wants me like I want him.
“Hey”, he replies.
There is genuine concern in his brother's voice. Sherlock was not expecting that and he doesn't know how to respond to it. He's used to throwing insults at his brother and getting insults back in return. They don't do “caring”.....that's not them....might have been them once......years ago....but not now.
He finds himself tongue-tied as he looks at Sherlock's face.
They were both a little out of breath when Sherlock finally toppled inside and lay softly chuckling on his back on John's bedroom floor.
Sherlock does not reply.
And Watson had fled.
There are words.
He gives us an apologetic smile as he waves his hands in the direction of the voices unenthusiastically.
They  made love twice more before evening started to fall around them.
Just from this.
The  smile on Finn's face widens.
“Everything I wrote in it was the truth”, he says.
He just hoped Sherlock would relax again and continue talking.
He sends me messages about anything and nothing at pretty much all hours of the day.
The alpha chuckled as he stepped closer still.
In the opposite corner John could see a group of musicians, They were playing a tune he didn't recognize, but the guests obviously did as a lot of them were dancing. Two rows of people had formed in front of the musicians, one with only men and one with only women, and they were weaving around each other gracefully in a complicated pattern that fitted the tone of the music. Subconsciously John put his hand on his left leg.
He might be “Person X”.
The recent weather is agreeable enough as it is and their combined body heat makes up for whatever the early summer night air cannot provide.
And oh, how he wants.
And then.....the last party he had seen Sherlock at. Sherlock had had a little bit too much to drink and had been sitting slumped against the wall outside.
And then eleven years later his father had disappeared. And then Mycroft. And then he truly learned what it meant to be lonely.
As if his throat is actually lined with glass.
And that was only if his father had the patience to wait for 6 more months.
At least not under circumstances like that.
He was hoping the familiar surroundings and faces and the monotony of the work would be enough to quiet his heart and mind again.
The smile John gives him this time is a little bit more sincere.
The building.
For one their involvement but also because Sherlock has to show John what his magic does whenever John is around....how it is affected by him in new and interesting ways.
This is where the fun of magic starts.
I have decided I will not be lovesick any longer.
Sherlock still in his sweatpants and t-shirt and John in his jeans, sweater and socks.
Just.......nothing......
For the first time in his life Sherlock did not have to ask someone to stay the night with him.
He's been too busy panicking.
Sherlock shoves his plate away decidedly.
“....don't you agree? Mister Holmes?”
The outside world is filling itself with magic and he cannot wait to drink it all up.
But the moment is cut short as Mycroft replies for him.
He didn't bring any lunch. He hardly ever eats at school. But he really feels like he needs something to do. If he just sits here, on his own, he'll look weird.......and lonely.....and sad.....pathetic.
'And your father.....' Sherlock did not finish his question, but John knew what he meant.
Only a few more corners to turn and then he'll reach the room where they reside.
But then again, it has been nice drinking together with Watson. Spending an evening with him at a social event. As if that's something they do. Together.
“I'm sorry, Mycroft”, he says, “I just.....I just don't know what to do.”
It doesn't matter.
It was more fun when she could plot and weave spells that would lead to Holmes' inevitable demise but now......all she is allowed to do is wait.
He holds the smoke in his lungs longer than usual but still he tastes nothing.
It never worked.
He moves on to the posters on my walls. They're quite the odd collection and I nervously wonder what he'll make of them.
Sherlock had been 8 years old when he first realized he had magical powers.
And indeed there are. Along the surface of the smooth glass some drops fall in a curious pattern. Lining out words hidden to all but those who are meant to see them.
Somehow it reminds me of my fading bruises and involuntarily my fingers graze the top of my thigh where yet more remnants of John's possessive grasp are hidden beneath my clothes.
A trip around the world.
Sherlock exhaled.
Finn had been so loyal right from the start.
Sherlock took another step towards him and slowly closed his fingers around the hand that John held extended towards him.
“You?....teach me?” he says.
Right now Sherlock's mind is still weak and so he indulges himself and looks just a little while longer as John's chest continues rising and falling like the coming and going of the tide.
And besides, Watson has made it pretty clear that all he's after is a friendship.....at the most.
Sherlock had been just a boy then. It had been a warm summer afternoon and he had been outside in the garden.
Once again Sherlock squints his eyes at John in what he hopes is a menacing fashion.
I give Molly an awkward smile and head over to the small group.
She'll kill him slowly. Peel away the flesh from his bones while he still lives. Tearing out his tongue last so Holmes can hear every agonizing scream he makes.
“Ssssh, it's alright”, John's voice was not much more than a whisper, barely even audible to himself, but it seemed to calm Holmes back down again as he heaved a sigh and let himself sink back down in the pillows and blankets on the bed.
Another, very deep moan from Sherlock and the hand in his hair gripped a little tighter.
He laughs.
Watson is talking to Molly now: “You don't have to if you don't want to”, he says.
John had been furious.
Finally Watson's lips find his again but the movement is far from coordinated.
As long as he's standing close to Watson though, none of those ladies will dare make a move.
'I am not afraid', he repeated again. The sound of his voice now strong, unwavering and determined. 'Not of her.....and certainly not of you.'
I thank my lucky stars to find it empty.
And with its dimensions not bound by the laws of this earth it had grown immense over time. The memories in there too many to count. But with the help of magic he kept them all neatly organized in their respective rooms with their doors opening to the green wallpapered walls of the halls surrounding them.
She can hear his footsteps grow ever fainter and fainter beyond the walls as he retreats.
He feels mortified.
“You're new here right?”, she says.
I really wish Patrick would stop asking me questions.
Once agian: thank you all for reading.
John unclenches his fists.
It all came into being when he awoke and he has not yet been awake for very long.
He doesn't know.
'Mr. Stamford writes you have experience with horses, is that right?'. Mrs Hudson asked.
I need to talk to Andrew.
Had liked waking up next to John.
One of the fey?
To be so close to each other and not be able to............well......do anything really.
“I should call the family where I'm supposed to be staying as soon as we touch down then.”
'Wouldn't dream of it.'
Why every cell in his body seems to come alive when they are together.
He almost giggles again but he is able to stop himself in time. He doesn't want Sherlock to get the wrong idea. Doesn't want him to think he's laughing at him.
Maybe he had been expecting too much but there was a part of him that had thought that Holmes would seek him out as soon as he could.
John raises his eyebrow again and this time Sherlock is only slightly more prepared for how good of a look it is on him.
Obviously.
Sherlock has no regrets about giving it to John.
Greg decides to sit down on the chair John had been occupying not moments before.
Eight year old Sherlock had secretly hoped they were pirate treasure maps and maybe that was why his brother was sometimes away for such long periods of time on end.
Happy because this story had been a joy to write and sad because I don't think I'm ready to say goodbye to these boys just yet.
John can't help but laugh too.
John's face bears an inscrutable look now.
'So was mine.'
But he does mean it.
He thinks back on the dreams he's been having ever since he and Holmes have been getting better acquainted.
There's just enough room here for a desk with two chairs, a computer and a bin in the corner.
“Well, that's good news then, isn't it? Finally proof that it exists after all?”
Saving the world from evil......or.....whatever it is he's supposed to be doing.
The real surprise of the day is John.
“It's from Finn.”
He almost accidentally lights the fire-place as well.
Molly is fairly certain she is looking at her own Death again.
“John”,  he says, “I've been working on the most interesting experiment.”
She hopes he will be the one that won't die.
I open my eyes again.
He looks.....different?
The girl nods politely every couple of sentences but doesn't seem to be able to get even a single word in herself.
*********************************************
“Molly's a very nice person.”
Remnants of the spells he had conjured up that evening with Watson's help.
Beginnings and endings.
I feel like a stop-watch that's running out.
She has been avoiding him like the plague after their last falling out.
John makes him hope.
But he can't.
Up to this point he had seemed so sure of himself. Arrogant even at some moments. But by now John was well aware this was just the version of himself Sherlock wanted people to see. The version he used to keep people away. Not for the first time he wondered why Sherlock had changed schools. John had asked him a couple of times , but he had never gotten a straight answer.
Now he's not so sure anymore.
But the look of utter shock and horror on Sherlock's face tells her that this was, indeed, all very real.
She does open her eyes then as her own feet stop moving.
Things only got worse when, after about a month or three,  the slow and steady swell of John's belly started to become apparent.
John just finds himself chuckling. He can't help it. The stone in his stomach seems to be getting slightly smaller as the minutes tick away.
And the weapon turns out to be this silly medallion he's had in his family for years. He's pretty sure it was a gift from the Order to his great-great grandfather to begin with.
Another set of feet approaches his door and then....stops....
He is quite possibly the worst actor Sherlock has ever seen.
It is a moment he retreats to when the situation he finds himself in seems to be beyond hopeless.
Ablaze.
John is everywhere still.
That she would be able to deliver him to the King.
Of what never will be.
“Not the first”, he says.
Once Sherlock had removed his coat he gently draped it over John's shoulders. Enveloping him with warmth and that sweet scent that was purely Sherlock.
He doesn't speak to me during the rest of the class. I don't try to speak to him either.
“Oh no....I had no idea”, John says and, to his credit, he looks honestly shocked this time, “I'll go and look for the key....I think it might be somewhere in my bedroom.”
He brings it to his lips and places a tender, chaste kiss on the center of the palm.
“I have a brother.....his name is Mycroft.”
My skin is itching and my legs are restless and I need something....anything....just a sliver of him to calm me down.
“Ah, sorry mate”, Bill had said. God, how Sherlock hated the sound of his voice, “he's not in. Gone off on some training mission without me. I'm not sure when they'll be back.
The expression he bears, however, is far from a happy one.
“It's not a sunrise”, John says, “but at least we get to see it together.”
I do my best to not look at John because I know he's doing the same.
It's still early in the morning.
“The rehearsals are going well, don't you think?”
“It's fine”, he says, “If anything I'm relieved. I was starting to think you actually didn't like me but it just turns out you have a boyfriend. I should have known. Of course someone as pretty as you was already taken.”
“Would I lie to you, John?”
No longer was the sky a bright blue with the sun settled directly above them, but, as they had been engrossed in conversation with each other, the sun had continued its inevitable descent down the heavens and now only barely hovered above the horizon. The sky was streaked through with red, orange and purple hues.
“Of course, Mrs. Hudson.” he answers meekly.
Somehow he had been almost certain Sherlock would be here. He had not given much thought as to what he would do in the case he wasn't. The scenario too lonely and hopeless for his mind to dwell upon.
Andrew is a good dancer. He seems to know just how to swivel his hips to make it look graceful and easy.
There is golden sunlight filtering through the crack underneath the door and you can hear the sea when you put your ear against the wood.
Sherlock is standing leaned against the waist-high fencing that surrounds the rugby field.
He finds himself smiling.
'Did you have a good trip, sir?' John asked. Pretty much just to ask anything at all.
“John....” he says again....and again....and again......
'It's.....not',  Johns words soft now and hard to make out in between the uncontrollable sobbing. 'It's not.....I hate this, Sherlock.....It's not fair.'
He's planning to put this to the test sometime in the future.
He  might have been able to see what I was trying to tell him when I arranged them for him just so.
“Everything alright, Sherlock?” you ask. There is a soft smile forming around your lips. I know it means endearment. I wish I had figured that out a bit sooner back in the 19th century. We could have had so many more good memories then.
And she is young once again.
Dream Sherlock looked puzzled. 'O-kay......'
He takes one of the sheets from the bed and wraps it around himself before he makes his way over to where Holmes is hastily flicking through the pages of yet another book.
He is terrified to mess up again.
But when he finally pulled his blankets over himself as his head rested on his pillow and his eyelids drooped shut he was not granted the relief of dreamless sleep and he once again found himself inside of a nightmare.
Because that's what Sherlock does.
***************************************
I normally would have never....... if I hadn't been so drunk.....
“Yes.”
To have looks like that directed at him more often and just.....
His own movements grind to a halt. A difficult feat to accomplish as Sherlock keeps moving seductively, his hands still firmly on John's waist.
Finally everyone is back inside the carriage with the door securely closed behind them. John gives a small tug on the reins and the horses, well used to the proceedings of drawing a carriage, start off in a slow trot.
To say he was disappointed was an understatement.
For a moment neither of them speaks.
he thinks but his throat and mouth have gone dry and the cigarette doesn't taste like much of anything.
He had been allowed to wear a brand new bright yellow jacket that day and dark and tight fitting pants Mycroft had ruffled his hair and had told him he looked like a prince.
“There's no funeral.”
I never want to let go.
Molly looks up at him and blinks a couple of times as if she is trying to wake herself up from a dream she thinks she's having but she doesn't say anything.
There are still walls that cage him in.
He's taped a picture of the periodic table of elements over it.
He looks strung tight. I'm afraid he will combust or just simply fly away at the barest hint of a touch from me.
Mary leads him back through darkened hallways and rooms in the opposite direction of the one Holmes had taken.
He hopes John is just reacting to something in the movie and he's not sighing because....
Sherlock finds that, right now, he needs to not think.
I take off my shoes and lie down on my bed still fully clothed. I don't have any energy left to undress. I don't have any energy left period.
Traded his body for a line of cocaine.
I'm 13 in this picture and there's still some baby-fat left and it clings to me in all the wrong places. I stand outside in shorts and a t-shirt and bare feet and I shield my eyes from the sun with my hand. My mother is standing next to me in a flowy dress and she's wearing a large summer hat. She is younger here and so her hair is still long and it shines golden like the sun. My father took this picture. John doesn't comment on it and I'm glad he doesn't.
Was that the word?
John let's the bag drop from his shoulder and gives Sherlock another radiant, star-kissed smile.
It is Friday evening 7pm. John is standing outside of the tool shed. The school and its surrounding areas are deserted at this time of day.
He wonders what the better option is.....to enjoy a rose for a brief couple of days only to see it fade or to never even know the rose could exist in the first place....
At first John hadn't even realized it had been him.....had just wanted to help a stranger out.....but then.....Sherlock had looked up....and those eyes....
sorry.”
John beams his warmest smile at her as he replies: “I know, Mrs. Holmes.”
Sixteen year old John is telling him about the girl he is currently dating.
They find themselves in what seems to be a ruined town. The streets below their feet made out of dark mud and moss and only a couple of broken and cracked stones are left to hint back to its presumed former glory.
I must be drunk.
Somewhere the coffee maker is beeping.
Like a weight.
Nobody seems to be inside.
“I can see the resemblance”, he says.
He just wasn't sure why Holmes had been acting so distant ever since he had woken up from his fever.
John can actually see the magic as Holmes takes it in his hands and weaves it into something new. Something volatile and dangerous and sharp.
Is this enough to calm his guilty conscience?
Holmes must have used a great feat of magic for remnants of it to be able to travel beyond the veil like this without the assistance of any of Morgana's black magic.
And I really hate that I do.
“I've noticed you're not hanging out with your boyfriend anymore these last couple of weeks”, Sebastian says. A mocking smile on his face. “Lovers quarrel?”
His couldn't.
This time Sherlock does sigh. Audibly and quite theatrically. It gives him a sense of satisfaction, however small.
Still, Watson had listened to him with bated breath. Believing every word he said, because, in his heart, Watson had known them to be true. He had felt it. Sherlock was sure of it.
I am sorry.
What he means is: this, them, being close, understanding each other without speaking, knowing that there is a deep connection between them that has been growing for years and defies any explanation, hearing John's voice rumble through his muscular chest beneath his ear before the actual sound of it reaches him, John's adoring eyes looking solely at him because for them there is nothing else in the world that matters, the knowing, oh the knowing, that John is his and close by and.....and......
“There are people in this world who possess magical powers”, Finn says. His eyes are bright red and John wonders if he's making them appear so on purpose. Just to make a point.
He speaks to the world at large.
He's missed this.
Holmes righted himself a bit more in his saddle now, seemingly gaining a bit more confidence as he cleared his throat for a third time.
“Please don't. It's what brought you to me.......it's beautiful”, Sherlock says before bending down and placing a chaste kiss on the reason for John's uncertainty.
John doesn't know how to reply. Words seem to have lost all meaning at the moment. Having Holmes stand this close is.....intoxicating.......he feels even more drunk than he was before. Softly Holmes starts swaying him from side to side and John follows where he leads.
Once again he takes out his phone.
“You know, Sherlock”, Mycroft says, “I'm not sure what's going on with you lately but...”
So relieved in fact that he had completely forgotten about the situation with Mary. That was partially why Mrs. Hudson had been able to catch him so off guard.
The first time he had met Watson he had taken a long time just observing him. Weaving spells behind his back to make the unseen seen and expose any treachery and untruths.
If that is even possible.
But.....there's the problem.....because the thought of being naked in front of John....with an erection.....scares him more than he is willing to admit.
Morgana had not been sleeping, her attention had not been elsewhere.
Somehow he was very thankful for Finn's presence in the room. Having him there made the whole situation less personal....less intimate....than if it had been just him and Holmes....in a dimly lit room......on a bed.....with flickering candles the only source of light.
Had I been that bad at.....sex....stuff.
Molly wishes the three of them could stay in this moment together forever.
This might be the last time John takes my hand. The last time I get to be this close to him.
He quickly puts his glass back down again as he feels his cheeks heat up.
From his supine position he looks around carefully, trying to ascertain his whereabouts, and when he does he groans again. Louder this time.
The feelings he was starting to develop for Sherlock......how he had thought Sherlock had felt the same and then......Sherlock had just been gone.
“Oh come now”,Miss Astley says, “surely you tease! A handsome young man like yourself cannot just show up here out of the blue only to not dance with any eligible young ladies. You cannot deny us that pleasure, Mister Watson.”
A few of the boys who were standing close enough to overhear the conversation laughed, but Sebastian wasn't letting him go that easily.
Neither of them have spoken in a while now. It's probably close to 5 am and the sun should start rising soon.
Sunbronzed skin, golden tousled windswept hair, eyes as blue as the sea.
“No”, Sherlock shakes his head and for a moment the constellations move along with him as he experiences a sudden sensation of vertigo. He decides to tone the spell down just a little bit. “I'm sure we'll hear from him soon enough. Finn has never let me down before.”
“Well....”, John says, “you always seem to go through them pretty fast whenever we get them.”
“Sherlock”, he says, “listen to me”, and here he lowers his voice. There are probably people around and John doesn't want them to overhear their conversation. His voice goes all dark, low and gravely and it does things to Sherlock. Things he hasn't felt in months.
To distract his mind from these unwanted thoughts he tried asking Holmes where it was they were going exactly and what was expected of him, but Holmes just smiled at him and told him he'd see when they got there.
A part of him feels he doesn't deserve it anyway.
'So soon?' John was unable to keep the disappointment out of his voice.
Mary says nothing else. And somehow that's worse. The accusation in her silence somehow far louder than the one in the words she speaks.
John's guard was up.
And remember John held this phone in his hand, pushed the buttons and put it there.
“I think we need to finish our assignment.”
He wants to say something.
There is a small spark in the center of the swirling blackness that is consuming Holmes at the moment.
“I woke up and you were just....gone.....The only thing they could tell me at the hospital was that you'd checked yourself out. Nobody knew where you'd gone to.....”
Eventually John turns up.
Please let me know what you think so far. I love hearing from you :-)
And so he just nods.
“Yes”, he says, “I might be getting a little bit chilly.”
Somehow his thoughts bring him back to Sherlock.
This Holmes seems so different from the Holmes of his dream.
His voice sounds frail and thin to his own ears.
“John?”
Maybe he's not coming after all.
'Leave it, Finn.' Sherlock knew the attempt was pointless. Finn would most decidedly not leave the matter be.
Reaching for each other on a corner of a dark street.
At least to this one he knows the answer.
His body warm and Sherlock had not realized how cold he had been until John's fingers draw fiery patterns on his skin.
There are colours and there is light.
He just tossed the reins of his horse at the nearby stable-boy who accepted them without a second thought or indeed any sort of reaction.
He's still not sure what exactly, but......he had given John his phone-number.
If he has noticed he was my first.
As quickly as he can John makes a frantic grab underneath the sofa but then....out of the corner of his eyes.....he sees it.
A small smile now briefly forms around the stranger's lips and....hot damn....if the sight of it doesn't do strange things to John's insides.
There had been a lot of Mycroft in Sherlock.
“It's not as bad as all that”, he says.
His own nothing like the red hot, volatile anger of his father, but more like something cold and hard. Lying in wait. Simmering just beneath the surface. With just enough pressure one of these days the wall he had built around it to contain it would crack and it would all come flooding out. He didn't know what would happen then.
Above them the sun still moves through the sky inexorably. Burning away second after second after second of the days they have left until Sherlock is bound to leave John, and all of this, behind again.
“Maybe I needed a change of scenery?”
John quietly chuckles.
***************************************************
“You need me by your side? At all times?”
Sherlock had giggled and had quickly slapped his hand over his mouth, quieting the high pitched sound.
'If you are under the impression that I am trying to buy your silence on the matter of the first night we met from you', Holmes continued, 'then you are mistaken. Despite what people say about me I am still a gentleman and would never stoop to anything so low as blackmail or bribery. In fact, I give you my full permission to talk to anyone you wish about the events of that night. God knows it won't be the worst story making the rounds about me these days.'
Very interesting.
John is showing them a shirt with flamingo's on it that he's bought and his mother is looking up at her son. Her face beaming and full of pride.
Finn sighs as the paved street underneath his feet makes way for a gravel path, then a dirt road and then just grassy hills.
Warm puffs of air ghost over John's cheek and the side of his neck every time he bottoms out.
“I've missed you”, Sherlock says. And he means in the past year, but he also means in the past hour.
So I feel I just have to ask him.
John makes a sound he can't place.
So he keeps his eyes open and stares into the light of the rising sun until they start to water.
Time is not on their side right now.
In the end John decides to go and look for the stables so he can take care of the horses and after that perhaps look for Mr. Burrows.....he could eat something...probably.....maybe some food will help with the sinking feeling in his stomach he is currently experiencing.
“We had sex”, John says.
He feels held safe in the palms of John's calloused hands as his fingers ignite the flesh of his bare chest where his blouse now used to be.
“John? To what do I owe this pleasure?”
The sun has completely gone down, the curtains are drawn and the lights are off.
At this point it just feels as if the clock is mocking me.
He can't remember the last time he's been this hard.
But now he's starting to realize that, maybe, that's not how Sherlock sees himself.
“Hey”, Andrew's voice seems to have gotten even shriller and more irritating since the last time I heard it. He grins at me, backpack slung casually over his right shoulder, as he stands beside our table effectively blocking my view of John.
“Yes, sure, of course.”
“They only speak Italian....”
This chapter is a mess. I'm sorry.
He doesn't go to the library the next Thursday.
But as John saw the alpha's eyes quickly flick between his distended belly and the flower in his hand he understood.
But yet, at the same time, it all felt real.
***********************************************************
“You.....you have Mary. You already have your love.”
For his older brother.
It's actually pretty sweet.
He mutters some more magic words.
John chuckles.
Sherlock clears his throat.
I have been told it is also why you hear dogs barking at the start of the Loreena Mckennitt song "Stolen Child".
Sherlock watches him go. He listens to Mr. Watson's footsteps retreating as he makes his way along the gravel that is spread in a thick layer across the path between the garage and the house and finally he hears the door to the house open and close.
She cannot sense his mind any longer.
But of course, in the end, however careful they had tried to be, James had gotten hurt anyway.
Finn was still staring straight ahead at the road as he sat firmly upright on his horse, but his posture was just on the wrong side of tense, his grip on the reins just a bit too tight.
John has never lied to him before.
“Soon”, he will say.
“I....”, John says. The light behind him has started to pulse. Like the heartbeat of a frightened animal.....like a warning.
Nerdy Sherlock......Sherlock who nobody ever notices......who doesn't have any friends......
Sherlock had quickly closed his eyes and had pretended to be fast asleep still.
My mother has a nostalgic and sentimental streak to her and no matter how often I've begged her she refuses to take these photos down.
They are so close together now that their noses brush against each other.
This need to be around John.
Just as before: nothing happens.
“Everybody does that”, John says.
***********************************
Private.
He says nothing. He just looks at me and holds on to me as I hold on to him. I don't want to let him go. Not really. But I need him to give me something too for a change. I am done being the one who has to give all of the time. I am done giving. My hands are empty. All they hold now is him and that's only whenever he lets me.
Maybe it's fear.
But she has to know.
If Holmes expected trust from him should it not go both ways?
'Where were you?' he asked. Not really answering Sherlock's questions, but this question had been burning on his lips for hours now and he needed to know.
'Absolutely not.'
Sherlock has to swallow before he is able to produce any words. His limbs are still heavy but the strange sensation of before has passed. It's as if a door has been closed on it. Sealing the strange magic in behind it.
“They didn't even let me finish. They got so mad. Told me to stay away from you. Told me that this is exactly what happened to my sister.”
Trying to clear his mind. Chase away the fog that John's touch always seems to leave inside of his head whenever they are together.
It slowly creeps up on Sherlock and his soldier but they do not see it.
By now the evening had decidedly fallen and a chilly breeze crept under the collar and hem of his shirt. He hadn't realized......he often didn't realize the simplest things when he got really lost in his own thoughts.
They all get up and one by one the boys leave for their respective classes.
That's all they do.
Sherlock has never been more confused in his life.
Finally.
John is staring down at his feet now.
Patrick is here too.
He remembers the course sand of The Shadowlands underneath his grasping fingers turning into bubbling lava as, in his anguish, he is unable to contain his magic and it seeps out of him from every pore.
Sherlock does not appear to have woken up.
For the life of him John finds he cannot look away.
As his horse galloped across the open terrain underneath him he briefly let go of the reins,  threw both his fists in the air and let out a triumphant yell.
What is there to say?
John laughs softly again but there is no mirth in it. On some level the sound is eerily similar to the sob Sherlock left in his bedroom. Maybe they are both wounded.
I try squeezing John's hand but it has disappeared.
Memories of the moment when he had finally realized that Mycroft was gone and would never come back to him are hazy at best.
John just nods. There's sweat on his forehead and a ringing has now started in his ears. Slowly rising in pitch.
“He's old. Very old. Possibly as old as the Moon herself....or maybe even older. Sources are inconclusive on the subject. He is not a man or a demon, as some believe, but rather a force of nature. Much so like the Moon. Only....where she is thought to bring light and do good he is quite her opposite. Some sources even call them brother and sister.”
Even with his eyes closed Sherlock can still see them.
Even dying, Sherlock noted the familiar level four patterns on the man’s arm.
“Of course, Sir,” Lyons looks relieved. “Perhaps we could go see Major Barrymore, now,” he suggests.
Do not fret, Hamish is not going evil, this chapter is required for character development and plot set up.
“I’m not really sure what you mean by that, but I can only guess at the sort of security clearance that gets you ‘no questions asked’ access to a top secret research facility.” John shakes his head and files away his questions for a time when they aren’t at a top secret research facility.
He runs his thumb over the warm metal once more, soul metal could be sold upwards in the thousands. A piece as large as his watch could set them up, could save them, and still he hesitates.
The third was British, seventeen, visiting London from the country; parents think she ran away from home. Very little bruising, but heavily drugged, the Libyans are hoping to sell her for a higher price as a virgin and have resisted touching her.
She laughs, rolling her eyes like he’s being ridiculous. “Come on,” she leads them around the corner to a covered patio surrounded by more of those concrete walls.
“Very much so, you’ll fit right in.” Moriarty sipped his tea, seemingly unconcerned about poisoning. “Ex-military, sniper.”
With a flick of his fingers, Mycroft summons the seal he had designed. He tosses the paper and it sticks in the air in front of him. The ink glows purple as he draws his magic out, concentrating on every line, every rune he had painstakingly laid on the page.
Sherlock shoots them a wink and slips out the door.
“What’s this then?” Greg asks when he comes through the door, holding up the envelope.
Mycroft manages to keep pace, but just barely. John keeps a close eye on him, watching the man pick his way through the woods with the glazed look of the bone-weary. He wants to offer his help, but even in such a short time he knows his offer would be rebuffed, and so doesn’t bother.
“I can’t believe everyone is out now,” John murmured, most special forces guys were lifers.
Stapleton’s eyes widen. “Of course, you’ve had it in your system longer. Let me get my kit,” she says walking off toward the supply room.
“No,” Billy laughs, taking a swig, “I got here early since you decided to pick a bar that cannot even be found online. I had to look at a map. A. Paper. Map. “
John can see the oil fields of Kandahar shimmering far in the distance, and is thinking how close they are. That’s when the chain ignites. It starts with Don, a burst at his side that throws him off his feet.
The darkness around them seemed to shudder as a static voice buzzed around them. “Evac! Evac! Medic down, requesting immediate extraction from hot zone!”
“This is John,” Smith gestures, a smile quirking at his lips.
“Christ, the Freak actually bonded, did you have to paint on a few extra rows to suit your ego?” Donovan sneered, as she approached them.
“When will it be time then, because it doesn’t look like you’ve got much to spare?”
They run into the others on their way back. Gabriel seems to have gotten something foul all over her armor, but they are both alright, all things considered. Gabriel looks at Smith and then back at John, “Morton?”
One of the men actually squeaks. They turn as one and scramble away, leaving their weapons behind without so much as a backward glance.
Sherlock takes her hand in a quick shake, all he needs to feel the callouses along her thumb and pointer fingers, and how dry her hands are despite the lingering scent of lotion. “Though I have to admit, you don’t strike me as the sort to unleash a Golem on London.”
“Whoa mate,” Lestrade cautions, stepping in front of him. “That’s great, but we can’t go off half-cocked. We don’t know what we are facing. Jumping in feet first could just get Sherlock killed.”
The hound is massive, one of the large muscular breeds like a mastiff. It has eyes like burning coals and fur so dark it seems to blend into the shadowed lab. Its teeth are bared and gleam white and slick against the beast’s dark fur.
“Why?” John asks, brow furrowed. “Is this about Mycroft?”
Chapter Fourteen
“You can’t, Moriarty will be furious if there’s no fight,” Sherlock pipes up, trying to get around John, but the older boy is using his whole body to keep him safely behind.
“I can’t believe he’s actually bonded, does explain that crazy mark though,” Sally comments, stepping up to Lestrade’s side.
“Heh,” John gives a sheepish grin. “Enough about me, you said you had some good news.”
“Get out of here,” the new boy orders and Bruiser scrambles away, running from the park as if coppers are chasing him.
Mycroft narrows his eyes, allowing his vision to slip into the corporeal plane. The Agent’s aura is burnished orange and brown, a sign of steady temperament, strength, and intelligence. Near his heart, however, is a flash of purple-black like a bruise. A demon mark. “You keep your servant hidden in a dimensional pocket,” Mycroft comments. He’s impressed, but he’ll never admit it.
Silence reigns for exactly five seconds before Mycroft’s smug tone sounds over the tiny speaker. “Sherlock.”
Greg rolls his eyes, heading over to the mini fridge for a cold water, it has been rather hot. “There is a big difference between London in July and Florida in July.”
“Unfortunately, scrying for the Guardian always just points to the whole of the Hudson River, not all that useful.” Mycroft had memorized the map of Central park on the flight over and walks with confidence in the direction of the Bethesda Terrace and Fountain. “You’ll like Bethesda though, she is an angel statue, so I imagine she will be helpful. The inspiration for the statue should make her inclined to assist us as well.”
Removal of the lung, even a lower lobe, was tricky. There were ribs and all sorts of vital organs to work around. Hamish hadn’t had this sort of challenge since he left the S.A.S.
“Of course,” Seb smirks, popping the slice in his mouth. “You don’t eat when you're on a case.” He tosses the apple core somewhere behind him. “I suppose you will just have to keep me company in the meantime. Hold this for me won’t you?” As he asks, he slams the knife into the meaty part of Sherlock’s thigh.
The demons strike in mass. The shadows shifting and building into deformed creatures. Monsters of tooth and scale. Their screams shake the walls, rubble raining down as if the earth itself has come to life.
The room flickers and its a close up of Sherlock’s face, now a few years older than before. He looks so happy, so
John pushed himself up, suddenly feeling fine and no longer strapped to a stretcher. “It can’t be. Now, of all times?”
John’s positive that Murray thinks John’s mate is dead, probably imagines they were someone he lost in Afghanistan the first time around. He doesn’t correct him.
John knew what that sound was, a gunshot. He lived in a council estate in London, he had known the sound since the moment his parents had been able to tell him to avoid it. He also knew what it could do, had seen the puff of gold dust of a daemon being snuffed out as their human died.
“Sorry Love,” he shrugs, looking sheepish.
The man John was using as a shield; screamed and screamed and screamed. John stepped far enough away, before shooting him too.
A great beast bursts from the depths. It has a man-shaped form, but its limbs are emaciated, all bone and scaled skin. The creature has a head like a goat, with slick fur and curled horns. It’s mouth gaping in a piercing screech.
“God, yes!” John agrees slipping into the car. His arm gives a twinge of complaint as he settles. The printed cast has been working wonderfully, the plastic case making bathing much easier than a traditional cast, but it is so light he often forgets he is wearing it. He looks at it now, the red cast obscures his soul marks, but can’t hide the black left over from the bite. Dr. Stapleton’s shot had done it’s job, the worst of the spider-web marking has even faded. The marks under the bite were permanently scarred and blackened, but the rest of the marks had taken a strange black outline.
“That’s it, you don’t want to help us find him?” Lestrade raises a brow in question, used to Sherlock running all over the base to catch a criminal.
I cannot apologize enough for returning you to a place I know you hate, but I would rather have you unhappy than dead. My vision revealed a fatal threat to you should you continue on this mission. I cannot explain further, but I hope that you understand, and respect my reasoning.
His fingers fly over the screen.
John has to laugh at that. “My sentiments exactly. Are you ready?”
Mycroft sighs, running his hand through his hair in a gesture that reminds John of Sherlock. “Moriarty’s network is far stretching, but he does not involve himself directly in most of it. He moves his pieces in such a way that it is hard to tell that anyone is manipulating the board. We assumed that he had to have a group of close confidantes that worked with him directly, but perhaps it isn’t a group…” Mycroft turns to John, his gaze searing, “perhaps it is just one man. One confidant.”
Something in him relaxed. In the last month Sebastian Moran was murdered, a drug dealer outside of London took a sniper shot to the head at 800 yards, and Agent Carson was tortured by a Surgeon with experience working alone. While he had met the man, clues had been starting to build up against Dr. Watson.
“Hmm I’m afraid I had to rush things a bit. You didn’t even let the cabbie play his game. I’m disappointed, Sherlock, I really am. I thought you were like me, but then you had to go and have your Vision. How is dear Johnny, hmm?”
The trip to the Hospital is barely 50 yards through K pod and across the street, but it’s 54 celsius outside and he’s sweating before he even closes the door to his CHU. A few soldiers nod polite greetings to him as he passes, but he is surrounded by Americans on all sides and they don’t recognize his uniform or his rank.
John lays a hand on his back, his touch hesitant, fingers twitching with nerves. “Tea?” He blurts out because it is the first thing that comes to mind.
“I can make my way to the train station just fine.” Sherlock has no intention of using the ticket.
Sherlock flaps his wings, feeling the strain of his muscles and the rapid pumping of his heart. The warm desert wind boosts him into the air.
Lestrade shoots John a curious look.
Sherlock rolls over so he can properly scowl at the phone. “That’s cheating.”
“Thank you.”
The Captain pulled a Browning from his side holster and took aim. It was like watching a lion on the prowl. His hands were steady, his gaze fierce. The Captain shot five times and five men dropped with bullets in their brains.
“Yes, well, magical creatures have a unique response to such magicks, as a London angel I’m hardly surprised that the spell wouldn’t affect you. Now come along.” Agent Smith leads them down the winding staircase to the basement. Where the upstairs had been all ancient stonework, the basement is modern architecture at its finest. The corridors are reinforced steel lit by blinding fluorescent lights.
Sherlock is already sitting at a bench outside, chatting with the man. He’s holding himself in a relaxed, sort of slumped, posture John’s never seen before. He also appears to be sipping a pint that has apparently appeared from nowhere.
They walk back to 221B hand in hand. John can’t help but feel a little self-conscious about the hand-holding, they are grown men not teenagers. He always hated holding hands with his girlfriends in the past, couldn’t stand having a hand trapped. With Sherlock though, their bondmarks press together and it sends a comforting warmth up his arm and through his body.
“Anti...b...bodies, w..w..what?” Henry stutters.
“Is that what it is always like, so...loud?” Sherlock asks, it was almost like his own thoughts, mid-deduction.
“No, we really haven’t. Think you could track that man, Sherlock?”
“Of who I am, Mycroft will understand, thats all thats important. The final game pieces are coming into place and I’m no where near ready,” he snarled, irritated at himself.
If anyone ever checks my search history I'm going to be arrested as a serial killer.
Hyperion, fascinated by the first mythical daemon he had seen in person, leapt from Sherlock’s shoulders. He flapped his wings madly so he could hover in front of her. “Hello, my name is Hyperion,” he introduced himself with a puff of blue flame to show off.
Moriarty snaps his fingers and four goons appear like they’d multiplied through mitosis. “You two take care of this mess. I want it clean of evidence, but leave everything for the locals. I think our message is clear. You two get these girls taken care of. They are to be unharmed and returned home.”
He loves the force, despite all of the paperwork and the long hours directing traffic as he tries to work his way up the ranks. Today was his first day shadowing a detective, and of course moments after finishing his shift some wily street kid decides to pick his pocket.
Sherlock sent him a sharp glare.
Sherlock glares. “What Mrs. Hudson is failing to say is that she is a bonded fae. She no longer wishes to be bonded. I need you to break it.”
He panics for about 10 seconds before remembering that his badge is in his wallet and all police issued badges contain a powerful tracking charm. “Oh thank god,” he takes a deep breath and activates the spell.
They head out just as the sun crests the horizon. Ruiz drives, with Gabriel in the seat next to her. She keeps her hands pressed to the dash, golden sparks lighting from her fingers and dancing about the cab. John can feel the concealment spell, guarding them from sight and attack.
In that moment, his life does not flash before his eyes. Instead he feels a pang of regret for leaving Sherlock alone. At least John is safe.
Mycroft narrows his eyes and John, already attuning to his new charge, feels the surge of seer magic.
“You don’t seem to have an issue with murder, stab him in his sleep, shoot him, poison his tea. I’m sure you could figure it out,” John barked.
Sherlock takes a moment to think of his response, “I was given a choice, the Army seemed the better option.”
“Yes, found it in a skip near the park. The murderer was looking for something.”
“He knew, Bill. That mad man knew my name, just trust me,” John repeated as he cleaned the M-16 rifle Bill had acquired. It was extremely illegal, and the Army buddies that had given it to them would have hell to pay if it wasn’t returned soon.
Sherlock turns the full force of his glare on the detective. Lestrade is sitting up straighter, practically preening over the phone. “I don’t need an eye kept on me,” he spits.
Mycroft jerks, like he’s been slapped, eyes widening. “Oh! Yes we were kidnapped, a man broke into the house and drugged our tea. My security detail was expertly dodged in between shift changes. The planning involved was military, it wasn’t Moriarty's doing.”
“It is a small island,” Navamas says, smoothly avoiding the question.
Sherlock, who had to be more self-conscious of his track marks, left his coat on the stand and went for the door. “Ready?”
“Well, it hardly matters now.” Sherlock sounded…sad.
Mycroft constructs a barrier of pure thought. Shield magic was one of the first constructive magics Mycroft learned, and it’s one of his strongest spells. This time his shield is transparent, the edges tinged with the violet shade unique to his magic. The shield takes the form of steel walls enclosing them in a cube of protection.
It is actually good advice, but Lestrade refuses to say so. Instead, he returns to the photo. “Contusions averaging  5 to 8 cm in length were found on the back, chest, arms, and legs. Signs of lacerations were found on the back and chest, also 5 to 8 cm in length suggesting they were made by the same implement.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Yes really, but this is even deeper than I thought. It’s a smuggling ring.”
Shelly shrugs, unconcerned. Lestrade imagines she probably deals with a lot of interesting characters. “Do any of those students have home studios?”
Their plan is obvious, kill Sherlock and the three of them can overpower him. The man pulls his arm back, spear glinting with magic.
“Oh, no,” he whispers, covering his mouth with a shaking hand.
At the far side of the room, beside two filing cabinets, he finds a door with light filtering under the jam. The bond flares, golden light flickering behind his eyes as he steps beside the door, careful of his shadow. Sherlock is here, finally.
“Why was I affected?” John asks, wincing at how callous he sounds, but he needs to understand.
Moriarty is back, and no one is happy about it.
he called across the link. The feelings coming from Sherlock were rather strange and he could not immediately identify them.
John feels the moment Sherlock gets knocked out. His vision swims and the bond burns with shared pain. He nearly falls over, but manages to hold himself up with the kitchen counter. He had just gotten up to fix a cuppa when the pain had hit. He breathes hard through his nose, teeth clenched to keep himself from screaming, he doesn’t want to worry Mrs. Hudson.
Mycroft nodded his agreement, “I did not know Gregory’s name until I tracked his file.”
“You’re needed at the Hospital, Captain’s got a case for you” the soldier says, some Private Sherlock doesn’t recognize.
Lestrade blocks his way. “No Sherlock. You can’t go traipsing off to the station, and the case is closed.”
Lestrade snatches it back with a glare. “You couldn’t have waited for me to finish my questions?” He checks his wallet, his badge and ID are still there but, “Hey, I had 30 quid in here.”
John watches them, unsure what to do and not capable of doing more than pant.
The water rumbles, bubbling up with agitation, as something massive surges beneath. The guardian shoots to the surface in a frenzied spray. There are shouts behind them, tourists cheering excitedly, the click of camera shutters. The merlion statue does little to capture the awe of Temasek. His scales shimmer in the dawn like pearls, his ivory fur sleek and glinting. Unlike the statue, Temasek has lion forelegs, he rests the great paws on the stairs to heave his body half out of the water.
“This just in!” the news lady exclaimed, the picture changing from the studio to a street in London that looked like something out of Afghanistan - except with less sand. “A gas leak on Baker Street resulted in a massive explosion. Police and Firemen on scene are still sorting through the wreckage, but no one seems to have been injured in the blast.”
When John manages to blink the spots from his vision, he finds the cavern filled with drifting ash. The scent of sulfur heavy on the air. “You couldn’t have done that to begin with?” he teases.
Two weeks later a construction crew pulls four mummified bodies and a living cat out of a brick wall. The bodies are identified as four completely unrelated missing persons that only disappeared within the last month. The coroner hasn’t the faintest clue how they were murdered or how they were mummified.
Sherlock’s brow scrunches, “Who?”
Navamas comes back carrying a tray laden with food and another tray floating effortlessly behind her.
The thoughts were harmless, cycling deductions and curiosities, but John still found himself stroking the bright red marks along his arm.
“John is an Army Doctor, he was in Afghanistan,” Sherlock brags, “now show me to the body.” Sherlock shoulders his way under the tape and unerringly toward the scene of the crime, John follows after with an exaggerated eye roll.
“Are you here for Sherlock, that boy never answers the door,” she remarks with motherly exasperation.
They wander the museum, Lestrade stopping employees and asking them mundane questions. Sherlock gives each of them a look, but they are all dull and useless. He doesn’t find anything of interest until reaching the Chinese wing. There is a young women there doing a tea demonstration. A small group of people have gathered around her to watch.
Mycroft, who is somehow, impossibly, still awake, leans into John, close enough to be heard over the roar of the engine. “I want to go see my little brother,” he announces.
“Oy!”
“Was there anything in the front?” Mycroft asks.
John’s face lights up with a smile, wide and childish. For the first time, Mycroft thinks, he looks his age. “Thank you,” he grins, snapping his fingers to add to the magic. He doesn’t conjure a tree, but he does fill the room with the heady scent of pine mixed with cinnamon and cider.
“It would be unfortunate for you to forfeit when you’re so close,” the chilling voice of Moran says.
Greg peers at it, there is a written report, but he ignores it in favor of the color photo that’s included. It is a wide angle shot of three men, all shot through the head. “John did this?” he asks, stunned.
John huffs, offended. “I’m not lying. I’m fine.”
They pass through the parlor - all hardwood floors and chandeliers, everything done in shades of white- and head for the stairs. Sally leads him to the master bedroom. There is man tied to the bed, hands and legs lashed to the posts with rope. He is bare but for a pair of black boxers and a blindfold tied around his face.
The second time Sherlock met Gregory, it was all he could do not to claw the man’s eyes out.
He turns back to Sherlock, and as he does, pulls his wings into the corporeal plane with him. He lashes out with one wing, stabbing the primaries directly through the center of Sherlock’s aura. It has to hurt, he knows, but there is no other way.
They leave the jeep in front of the main building and are instantly accosted by a harried looking Corporal, his name tag reads Lyons. “Sir, can I help you, sir?”
They take Soo Lin straight to the interrogation rooms, the magic dampening ones specific to the MET. She looks pale and drawn, fine tremors working up her arms. Sherlock can sense spellwork, but the magic dampeners dull his senses, dragging like claws across his skin.
“Why is it so hot!” Sherlock whined throwing himself dramatically onto the sofa.
“Yes, well,” Mycroft mutters, at a loss. “Thank you.”
Sherlock takes the ring and slips it on his right ring finger. He stares at it for a moment, running his thumb over the twisting metal. When he meets John’s gaze, his look is challenging. “Bagram or Kandahar?”
“A job? Now why would a care to help my brother with his boring government work?”
“Why not? Let me be your eyes. Come on Sherlock, what should I look at first?” Lestrade shuffles through the files and picks out the crime scene photos.
“It was not,” the left head growls.
“I would rather sit in my office and test these,” Sherlock holds up his box, “ then wander about in this heat while a dust storm kicks up outside.”
Wiggins shrugs, unconcerned. “Heard he’s takin tha Reichenbach Fall. Jone’s seen ‘im, says he might even be The Hound.”
“John,” Helios barks, she almost jumps on him, but pauses with a glare at the knife. John stabs it into the wall, before kneeling down. He curls his arms around her neck and breaths in the comforting scent of her fur.
John should have been adopted soon after entering foster care. He was young and cute enough and unendingly polite, but Helios towered over him like a deadly shadow. Her unusual size and even more unusual appearance kept people at bay.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind. He kneels in the muddy ground and stares at the reeds as if they hold the answer to life. “Mr. Hudson was arrested for drug trafficking and murder, but they only got him for the one murder,”Sherlock explains to Lestrade.
“You are quite presumptuous fledgling,” he rumbles. The curved muzzle and long fangs reminds John of the Ilimu, but he finds comfort in the large mane, the mass of white and silver fur, glinting golden in the sun. “Though it is no surprise, your sort have always been entitled.”
