**********
“What do
could Cas suddenly look so damn shy? He brushed his left hand through Cas’s hair, bringing it gently back around to caress his cheek, turning Cas towards him, Dean's thumb stroking gently at Cas’s lip.
Dean asked about Cas’s life here.
Cas swallowed hard, looking straight ahead, out at the rest of the world, as if nothing extraordinary was happening here, when really it felt as if somewhere a whole new galaxy must have burst into being if only to memorialize that single touch -
Dean’s arm wrapped around Cas’s back to rest between his shoulder blades, his other hand on his lower back. Cas wrapped both of his arms around Dean’s neck as Dean nuzzled his cheek against his, eyes closed, no longer caring who saw as they swayed and moved their bodies in harmony with the music. Cas smelled of almonds and vanilla and spices, the sweet hints of his shampoo and aftershave mixing with the slight sheen of sweat on his skin. Dean was quickly drunk with it.
his fault. No one could have prepared either of them for what the war would do, but that was Dean’s problem. He was the one who chose to walk out on Cas the way he did.
Methinks thou doth protest too much!”
“Maybe something at her job?”
“Odysseus. I read your stupid epic poem. The war  or the road back or whatever - it changed him so much his own family didn’t recognize him. You said there was ancient wisdom in these stories right?”
Even over the phone, Dean’s voice warmed Cas like rays of the sun on his skin.
“Ms. MacLeod is the best teacher too!” Tommy beamed excitedly. “She even knows how to do magic tricks!”
About an hour after taking his first drink Dean lost count of how much whiskey he’d tipped back, but if the way the room kept spinning every time he turned his head was any indication it was a lot.
“I saw him once a while back...he mentioned it.” Sam hesitated.
Dean remembered the skeptical look on Cas’s face all those years ago when he first said those words. Dean was lovestruck. He had meant it with his whole heart. Dean broke his promise.
Dean felt strung out...hollowed and filled with poison. He’d thought he'd gotten better.
“A jack-o-lantern, and yes. You complained the whole time about the smell and the mess.”
Cas sat back, popping his legs up on the couch and stretching out. He hesitated.
“Can I help you?” A young woman asked from behind the desk.
“What?”
Homophobia and discrimination. Discussion of deaths of family members.
Cas found himself stupidly lost in it for a moment, staring as if he'd never seen a smile so sweet before...except he had, and then for years it was lost to him, and now here it was, returned.
“Well let’s see Cas…” Dean voiced it cruelly on purpose now. It would make it easier if Cas just hated him. “I’m around you a handful of times since the summer and two of those times I completely lose it. What would you say is happening here? What’s the common denominator?”
“Wow! Cool motorcycle!” a boy said, eyeing Dean with a kind of starry-eyed fascination as he started it up.
“Yeah...don’t worry about it Cas. You deserve to enjoy a night out with friends. I’m just sorry if I upset you.”
Their deepening breaths were the only sound until finally, Cas spoke.
Dean wondered if Cas realized what he just said, and wondered if he realized the cruel hope that rose in Dean’s chest when he heard it. Dean decided it was just something that people say to be polite.
"Cas, I...." Dean started but then seemed to be searching for the right words. "God Cas,
Dean put the bat back in the corner and lumbered out into the living area.
“Dean, I’m not your case worker anymore, remember? We’re just a couple of people talking here. You’re not a bother. I need advice on what to do about the knocking in my transmission, I come to you. You need advice on what to do about your life, you come to me. It’s what friends do. Now tell me what happened.”
“What are you thinking about?” Cas sipped his drink.
He felt silly calling back. He’d delivered the message. What more was there for him to say without something awkward happening? Or rather more awkward than the last 3 minutes of his life had already been. Cas had barely managed to speak five or six words to Dean and already he felt like he’d run a gauntlet. He was sure he was about to just humiliate himself more.
**********
Dean pulled at his jacket as if to warm away the shivers. Cas eyed him curiously. It was unseasonably warm but you wouldn’t know it looking at Dean. Dean looked tired and cold. Best to get this over with so Dean could be on his way.
Dean winced, shaking his head. “You did nothing wrong baby,” he sighed, the endearment rolling off his tongue naturally as if years hadn’t passed.
In treatment, Dean had been a tough nut to crack for a few reasons. He was stubborn, prideful and bisexual. The first two reasons made it hard for Dean to admit any weakness or accept any help. The third made it hard for him to trust anyone with his story - to trust anyone with his trauma over his broken relationship with Castiel.
“Cas,
he’d taken care of his boy. How it felt afterward, to have Cas pull him close, wrapping Dean in his arms and looking up at him like he was going to keep him forever. Looking at Dean like he was the most beautiful, most desirable, most
Sam put a hand on Dean’s wrist. “Hey, relax man.”
When the time came for dinner Cas made himself a sandwich and offered one to Dean, but Dean only really wanted more soup and toast which Cas gladly provided. They ate together in the living room while watching the evening news. It mostly focused on the upcoming election.
Dean realized he was staring, grinning ridiculously. Cas was still such a dramatic little bitch sometimes. Dean missed that. He sighed a laugh, fixing his eyes on the ground before looking at each of them one by one.
**********
“Heh,” Dean laughed.
He jumped as a car horn sounded unexpectedly across the street - hunched his shoulders involuntarily at the sound of a child yelling outside.
Cas did feel the need to stop at his now
Dean sighed. “I know I’m not the same...still. I try to be….I used to be able to just shake stuff off. Whatever it was..might take me some time, but I always could...But this...sometimes I just feel this darkness in me, and I’m just afraid someday it’ll settle and it won’t leave.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “Yes Dean, she likes baby ducks.”
felt when he'd seen him that day. That bone-aching need to touch - his face, his hand, his hair - anything to set roots back into the fertile ground that once nourished him. The lightest, briefest touch on just a random patch of skin would have sufficed. Anything more than that, a joining of hands...an entwining of fingers, would have stripped him bare. He wondered if Dean felt it too.
Even after Jessica offered to give him Cas’s new number Dean had been too afraid of his own neediness to take it, too stubbornly insecure to call. He’d fucked up Cas’s life royally once...twice if you counted his breakup with Balthazar. Cas was making a fresh start. He had Dean’s number. If he had wanted to call he’d have called.  As much as it hurt to stay away, Dean wasn’t about to barge back in unless invited. Dean realized he wasn’t above begging if he thought it would do any good, but he didn’t.
“Tell me.”
Dean could see Cas’s mouth moving, his lips mouthing Dean’s name…mouthing...
Cas closed the apartment door behind him and ran his hands through his hair. His adrenaline was pumping and he didn’t know how he was going to come back down.
Dean’s eyes might hold a lingering hint of sadness, but at least that was a sign of life. Something more than that emptiness in his expression after the war.
“You can’t just do this!... You...you can’t keep coming around like this and then pushing me away.” Cas looked pained. “Dean….I can’t....” he shook his head, “We can’t be friends.” There it was. It nearly broke him to get the words out, but Cas finally acknowledged it. “Not like this…” he added hastily. “I’m sorry,” Cas shook his head.
“Hello?”
“Cas,” Crowley repeated the name, his hand still on Dean’s forearm, grazing his thumb along his skin. “You hurt him badly, didn’t you Dean? You can be clean again. Feel good again. Be clean for Cas.”
Please don’t shut me out again.” Sammy’s eyes were soft now, pleading, “What’s going on?”
They could hear the beat of the music as soon as they stepped out into the night air. Dean locked the car and walked shoulder to shoulder with Cas as they got on the line to get in. The line wasn’t much to speak of, just a hold up long enough for Dean to pay a cover charge and they were in.
“You good now Cas?” Dean called gruffly as he went to toss paper towels in the trash.
“Excuse me,” Dean stood suddenly, taking a deep breath and pushing in his chair..
“Dean!” Cas pounded from outside. “Dean open the door!”
He knew the plan was to drive somewhere so Dean could brag about his ‘girlfriend’ with the 2-speed automatic gearbox with rear-wheel drive and 275-horsepower, but he invited Dean in first so he could grab a drink and ‘hit the head’ after his drive.
Cas reached out and gripped Dean’s wrist, standing on the lawn in sweats and a tee and bare feet, even through his glasses Dean could see his eyes broadcasting a bundle of emotions from confusion to frustration to hurt.
The waitress brought Cas another drink but Dean waved his away and asked for a cola instead. Turned out the joy on Cas’s face was all the inspiration he would need tonight, and besides he would have to drive them home later. She gave them a minute to look over a small menu before returning to take their orders. The choices were limited to appetizer-like snacks as the club focused mainly on drinks so they ordered a strange array of meatballs, onion rings, and shrimp cocktail along with mini chicken croquettes.
Cas poured the jar of soup into a pot to warm it over the stove.
Dean leaves them in the kitchen to find Eileen, Mary and Deanna. They're in the bathroom, Mary sitting in a rocker while Eileen tries to braid Deanna's mop of dark curls, and Dean steps inside with them, stealing Mary before the other two have noticed. Mary giggles, and Eileen catches his eye in the mirror and turns back to look at them, pins sticking out of her mouth.
Castiel's nodding vigorously, clearly interested in what Dean is saying, and when Dean stops, he says, "How did you afford to pay for a Stanford law degree and a Stanford medical degree?"
A voice in the back of Castiel’s mind reminds him of the brother, niece and toddler sleeping down the hallway. He hates the interruption, but he knows it’s right. He pulls away from Dean and says, “Grab some blankets, we’re going for a drive.”
"Maybe you should go up to bed, Rowena," Dean tells her gently as her eyelashes flutter closed a few times before opening again. When she nods Dean gives her a hand up and watches ascend the stairs before undressing and shifting into his wolf form, curling up on the carpet. The raven settles in next to him.
Castiel nods his head in understanding before leaning back out of the window and opening the door. “Move over,” he tells Dean, before climbing inside next to the man when he sits up. He shuts the door behind him and they sit there together in silence for a few minutes, listening to the music. After a while, Castiel takes a deep breath and says, “I’m going to present soon.”
"I was something… else... before I was conceived. Out of some divine irony my parents named me Cassiel, but my name was originally Castiel. Cassiel is the angel that presides over the deaths of kings, and he's kind of a dick. And Castiel - well,
Dean is lying in the Impala’s backseat with the radio turned on, his Fleetwood Mac cassette playing. Castiel can’t remember the name of the song, but he knows it’s one of Dean’s favourites.
Castiel's mouth turns up into a frown as he thinks. "Well, yes, a few things - fuck." Castiel grimaces. "Fucking Crowley."
"Uh, no. Obviously not." Dean looks back at Castiel for help, flapping a hand at him. Castiel raises an eyebrow, an amused smile tugging at his lips. "What the fuck, Sam."
“I am, I was thinking about when a scary powerful Angel of the Lord let me choke him just so he would know how not to kill me.”
“Unless their body has identified that person as a potential mate,” Sam finishes, sitting back down in the seat next to Eileen. “Dean has identified you as a potential mate. The temporary theft of that person’s belongings is fairly standard. I should’ve realised it earlier.”
Dean cackles. "That's what I thought!" He watches Castiel exit the house with two huge boxes, stacked on top of each other, and he's struggling, so he says to Deanna, "Head to school, I'm just gonna go help him." She nods again and reaches up on the tips of her toes to press a slobbery kiss to his cheek before bolting up the street. He turns back to Castiel and calls out, "Hey man, need help?"
When he opens the door, careful not to be seen, he finds himself in the emergency room of the hospital, with the nurses’ desk to his left. Alex isn't there, probably in a room, so Dean gets the attention of the first staff member he finds and says, "I'm looking for Alex Jones? I'm her cousin, there's been an emergency and she needs to come home."
A flash of black above him catches his attention, a raven, and he watches as it circles before it dives for him, pecking at the scruff of his neck like it's playing. He stares up at it, tilting his head in confusion as it settles onto a branch a few feet above him and tilts its own head. For a moment, he wonders if it's copying him, but he turns to look towards where it's jerked its head and sees the brown flash of antlers above a snow-whitened shrub. It's a moose, maybe a juvenile, too small to be a fully grown adult, but old enough to be on its own. He looks up at the raven again and realises it's staring at him expectantly, waiting for him to pounce.
"I do not mind, Dean, as long as you are there," Castiel replies.
Early the next morning, after Castiel has been so rudely awoken by sounds from Sam's bedroom (sounds he would rather not think about), he finds his way into the kitchen and starts the coffee machine. He still doesn't enjoy the taste of coffee, but he finds himself turning it on for Dean every morning before using the kettle to make himself tea. Tea, he likes.
," Dean begins to sing before bursting into laughter, his head falling into Jo's arm. "Or somewhere in the tropics, like Brazil or Bora Bora - actually I take that back, I wouldn't get in a demon metal bird for you or a tropical climate." Someone calls Jo's name from the back and she punches his shoulder and jogs away to answer it, leaving Dean alone with Benny and Castiel again. "See, at least someone appreciates me."
Castiel gets his hands in Dean's hair and pulls him down into a rough kiss, licking his way into Dean's mouth. Dean seriously thinks about changing his mind, but they're interrupted by a flash of light. When they look up, there are two men standing beside the pullout couch. One looks unimpressed and the other looks amused.
"Call me after, tell me how it went."
"Bobby-"
"You were listening to my thoughts?" Dean asks, crossing his arms over his chest and pursing his lips, unimpressed.
Dean chuckles, "I like that song too, next time I'll show you the vinyl I found online."
"Well, it's not born yet. What's no doubt worrying Michael is that because the Nephilim is the child of an archangel, and the grace comes from a Seraph, the spell may be strong enough to cast out the archangels, too," Castiel says, chewing at his bottom lip. He looks nervous, and it occurs to Dean that it's probably not just from the imminent war, but also Dean's reaction to Castiel's past. He's probably worrying that Dean is scared of him, or angry. Castiel has laid his entire life in front of Dean, and Dean has pulled away from his touch.
your wolf want to?"
Dean still doesn't understand. Nothing is sure, no fate is set in stone. They have two powerful archangels and a powerful witch with them, how could they not find a way to save her? She didn't deserve to lose her life because the devil knocked her up. It wasn't her fault, and she shouldn't have to bear the weight of it.
"I just - you were getting so hard to deal with! All the sniping and the looks and the whinging. I didn't know what to do!" Sam defends. "It was Gabriel's idea to put you in the other world! I just wanted to... I dunno, lock you in a closet!"
Dean laughs again and pats his thigh in a way he always does when Castiel doesn't understand something; it makes him feel naive, but strangely, he never hates it. "It's okay, Cas, I can't always tell when someone's being sarcastic either." Castiel isn't sure he believes that - Dean always seems to understand the subtle nuances of social etiquette - but he doesn't argue. He's figuring out how to begin the conversation with Dean that he's been meaning to have for days now when Dean speaks again. "Hey, do you want to go on a hunt, just you and me? If I have to deal with Sam and Eileen's baby bubble one more day I might just become a demon again," Dean says with a grin. Then, when Castiel has stared at him with a strange mixture of confusion and horror for long enough and is just about to say something, Dean bursts into laughter. "That was another joke, Cas."
Bobby gives him a stern look and says, "Don't get snappy, boy. There's a Lincoln in that needs a look under the hood."
Benny shoots Dean a look and he rolls his eyes in reply. "What is it, then?" Benny relays the order - a chicken burger with onion rings on the side - and he goes to the kitchen window to lean in and pester Charlie. "Hey big red, miss me?"
"Can we just… lie down for a bit?" Dean says, heading towards the bedroom before they can reply, before he can see their faces. He's feeling overwhelmed, and possibly freaking out enough to lash out, and he recognises that he needs the comfort of his bed, their arms around him.
Dean grins brightly, and Benny catches Castiel's mouth in a kiss. "Yeah, Cas, that's perfect." Dean says, kissing Castiel himself when Benny pulls away. "How much longer can you stay?"
Castiel frowns at him in confusion. "What?"
-*-*-*-*-*-
"Oh, wow," Castiel says once the gold shine in his eyes has passed, gently settling Kelly's hand in her lap. "That was… an experience. Was that the future?"
He takes his curiosity to Eileen, because he finds her first in the laundry room, shoving clothes from the washing machines into the dryers. She must see him in the corner of her eye, because she turns to look at him as he enters.
," Rowena mutters under her breath, scoffing. Dean decides to ask her about it later, they don't have the time now.
“Good timing Dean, I was just about to call you.”
Dean flips the pocket knife open and begins slicing at the rope wrapped around his arms and wrists. “Ollie thought he was saving himself. You were protecting each other. But you can’t keep killing, you know that right? You can’t stay here.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at Dean. “Excuse me?”
“God, why do you fall asleep every time?” Dean says fondly, shaking his head slowly before he lets his own eyes fall closed.
Castiel pulls Dean up onto the couch with him and shuffles them around so Castiel’s lying on his back against the cushions and Dean is settled between his thighs. Castiel loves holding him like this - running his fingers through Dean’s hair and stroking along Dean’s back, shoulders, and arms - even if Dean gets antsy quickly, needing to move. It’s so un-angel-like, Dean’s constant need to be active, he’s like no other angel Castiel’s ever met.
. "Ellen never said I had a brother, but she hid a lot from me, I think it hurt too much to talk about it. Where's our mom and dad? The rest of the pack? You said people lived."
Castiel senses that Sam has been longing to tell him and Dean something, but every time he goes to open his mouth to do so, Eileen stops him. Castiel is starting to find it increasingly frustrating. He's tried to pry the secret from Dean, but he's held his tongue tighter than Eileen has. Castiel doesn't like not knowing something the people around him do, though he does feel incrementally better when he calls Rowena and Jack to ask if they know, only to find them just as clueless as he is.
Benny has replied, and before Dean can type out anything, a text from Castiel comes through.
Lucifer's eyes shine yellow dangerously, a warning, but Dean doesn't back down. "You mean my son?"
“Alright, come on.”
"I admit I am entertaining thoughts of homicide," Castiel says, a look on his face that Dean can't decipher. "I am unsure if any event occurred, but I am still very angry."
Dean snorts and finishes packing away the
the question. Dean lets out a startled laugh and Castiel makes a choking noise, face flaming red.
“I’m not human anymore, Dean.”
Dean sticks his hand out towards Emma and when she takes it he pulls her to her feet. "I'm fine, dad. I promise." She touches the wound with the tips of her fingers, wincing, then pulling them back to look at the blood on them. "I've had worse. At least I don't have a chunk bitten out of my shoulder."
Dean climbs to his feet, pulling away from the hand on his thigh, and waves both hands in front of him in a stop motion. "Cas, I… this is fucking
For once in the six months that he's been human he wishes he still had his powers, only to be reminded by the voice in the back of his head (that has begun to sound suspiciously like Dean) how intrusive his friends found his mind-reading.
Dean waits for Castiel to say something else, but when he doesn't, he gets out a plate and cutlery, shoving piles of the pad thai, mee goreng and kway teow onto the plate. He takes his food and a beer to the lounge room and turns on the TV, flicking channels until he gets bored and turns it to Netflix to finish watching The Witcher.
. The raven doesn't run, he swoops at the humans until they finally back off, running back into the forest. The raven pecks at Dean's scruff and he stands on shaking legs, padding over to his hare. Each step sends shooting pain through his body, but he pushes through it, picking his prey up in his jaws. He limps back to the cave, the raven on his heels.
"Oh!" She says excitedly, then, "Should we check it out? I mean, the last time was
"Oh, we should get the cheesy garlic bread," Castiel says, pointing it out to Dean.
Dean lets out a stuttered laugh, punching Benny's shoulder gently. "For you or Cas?" Benny's face says something like
Sam nods. "Me too."
"You're fucking dead, Sam Winchester!" He shouts, getting tangled up in the sheets and falling to the floor with a loud
This time, when he'd texted Benny about being late he hadn't worried about the consequences and told the other man to meet him in the office when he got there. Benny had agreed easily, not that Dean had expected anything less.
Dean makes sure Castiel's kids aren't in the window still before he pulls Castiel into a quick kiss. "You look awesome. C'mon, lets go get Benny."
"Shut up," Dean tells him almost breathlessly, then, "Hurry up and get your dick in me or I'll do it myself." That, of course, only makes Castiel laugh harder and Dean wants to hit him again. Instead, he gets an arm around Castiel's neck and tackles him around and onto his back, settling over his thighs with a smug smile. "I win."
"Shut up, Benny thinks he's a vampire," Dean tells him, taking the seat next to him while Benny sits across from them. As Dean's picking up the menu to decide what he wants (though he's pretty sure at this point he's been here so many times he doesn't need to bother) Castiel sits the bottle of Starward on the table and nudges it towards Benny. Dean burst into laughter. "Did you go all the way to Billings for that?"
“Don’t let them overwork you Cas. What’ya got going on tonight?”
Cas considered the emotional rollercoaster of the past few weeks and concluded it was a much needed kick in the ass. Though Balthazar might never see it this way, Dean was irrelevant to what Cas needed to do.
he told himself, trying to rid himself now of the pain of too-tight shoes. He toweled off and threw on pajama pants.
Dean turned towards Cas, doleful eyes staring back in the half-light and he felt it again…
Dean slid his arms under Cas’s thighs, encouraging him to tip the cant of his hips up and toward him, giving Dean better access. Cas’s hand’s carded through Dean’s hair as he swirled his tongue around the head of his cock, bringing a hand back to fondle his balls, gently rolling and caressing as Dean took Cas into his mouth. Cas’s hips thrust up involuntarily as Dean flicked his tongue back and forth along the sensitive bundle of nerves just under the head. He could taste more precum leaking from Cas, lapping it up before taking him deep once again, hollowing his cheeks as he sucked Cas against his soft pallet.
Dean finally relaxed into the warm feeling in his body and the rush in his head that he knew wasn’t the whiskey. As his eyes met Cas’s his whole body thrummed. Dean laughed taking in Cas’s smile, pulling him close against his body as the music changed again and Thelma Houston sang -
Dean’s expression, some combination of relief, adoration, and joy, blended together like watercolors, a bright smile breaking over him like a wave.
He turned to Hannah. “He told me what you did for him....he told me about Michael. I’m glad he has a friend like you.”
"Tck tck tck," Gabriel clucked his tongue, "I could’ve told you Cassie if you want to keep a man you should have surprised him in some sexy lingerie.” Gabriel made a frame of his hands looking through them at Cas as if lining up a  photoshoot. “I'm thinking a nice pale pink would really set off your features. I could take you shopping."
"What?!” Dean’s eyes narrowed, his face twisting into a scowl as he turned to look towards the restroom doors.
Okay...This is a dark one (ducks head from anything you might be about to throw at me) - though there are some attempts at comfort thrown in for each of our boys from friends and family.
Cas didn’t know if his heart would ever be at peace again, but Dean needed it, if it was something Cas could give him, he'd pretend, for Dean's sake.
“Yes well you see that's the problem isn’t it Cassie?” He stood, confronting him. “I’m the
Cas’s hand came to the back of Dean’s head and stroked against his hair, pressing him closer. Suckling on Cas like this awoke something primal and vulnerable in Dean that coiled deep inside him, spreading a warmth through his stomach. He felt his cock grow harder with every little gasp and moan he pulled from Cas, every flick and feel of the hard tip against his tongue.
“I got you brother,” Benny gave a lopsided smile, holding out his hands, infuriating Dean, “I’m right here!”
Cas thought it a miracle that he didn’t get sick after all. On Wednesday he had an interview for a part time position at a high-end restaurant in the business district and landed the job.
**********
“Nah uh uh! After dinner,” Jess commanded. “Dean I’m grilling steak and corn and for dessert there’s cherry pie.”
Oooooh….oooooh
Cas's mouth gaped, bewildered for a moment, and then suddenly everything clicked.
“Heh!” Dean laughed. “Cas you should know I never get tired of driving.”
“I don’t know - they went into the house. I imagine it didn’t end well for the poor bees.” Cas added suddenly looking sad.
After a moment Dean drew a long deep breath. He started blinking, becoming aware of his surroundings for the first time.
**********
“I just...it feels like there’s never enough time. Things keep getting in the way….I just want to hold you again.” Dean’s voice was little more than a breath,
” Dean kissed him again, his lips supple and warm.
“Shit!” Cas threw his arm around Dean’s back, pulling him up to stand and leading him as quickly as he could, back to the car. Dean’s every muscle was taut and ready to spring as Cas fished in Dean’s pocket for the keys. He practically threw Dean into the passenger seat and shut the door, moving quickly to get in the driver’s seat, starting the engine and driving the hell out of there.
“Sit down here.” Cas disappeared into the bathroom coming out with a thermometer. “Open up,” he said, ordering Dean to put it under his tongue. The next few minutes were quiet except for the sound of Dean’s teeth chattering around the glass of the thermometer. Cas held it up to the light to read it. 103.7.
Cas reached into the small box and felt cold glass rounded under his fingertips. He pulled the item out of the tissue paper inside to reveal a snow globe. In the center a small but detailed rendition of the rotunda of the Palace of Fine Arts. Cas sighed thinking of the night he took Dean there. The first time Cas had felt the whisper of a hope that Dean still felt something too.
Thankfully the song was followed by the much more upbeat act of two young men playing djembe. The beat helped lift up the room again. Each performer was greeted by warm or rowdy applause from the room but Dean didn’t seem to respond.
“Awww...thanks Cas! I appreciate you helping out with this. I've never hosted Thanksgiving before!”
Cas laughed, “You do seem to have an issue with that. At the coffee shop last week -”
They stopped at a farmstand, Dean remembering how much Cas liked Halloween was overwhelmed with the silly urge to buy him a pumpkin. He realized too far into the process how weird Cas might think he was being, so grabbed two more, one for the kids downstairs from Cas and one for Sam and Jess, to make it seem less weird - as if Dean was some sort of Santa Claus but with pumpkins - yeah,
“Bye Dean.”
“Yeah, he’s gonna be okay though, they think. He fell and really messed up his hip and back when it happened though. Me and Garth are working on setting up the house so that he can use a wheelchair here for a few weeks while he starts physical therapy. I’ll be up here for most of the weekend building some ramps and stuff and making sure Mildred has everything they need. You know, helping him get settled.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean smirked.
Cas had first heard it on the radio when Dean was in Vietnam, when he’d regretted their agreement not to write and wished so badly he could send one of the letters he’d written, or read one from Dean. At the time it pulled at the place just inside of his breastbone, filling him with a physical ache for Dean’s return. Then, after Dean left and went missing, he found he couldn’t bear to listen to it at all without feeling horribly sad.
“I wasn’t a badass,” he smirked.
Dean chuckled.
Dean thought,
Sam nodded. He had seen Cas last spring by chance. “We’re moving to San Francisco.” He told Sam when they awkwardly ran into each other in a gas station lot. Sam looked over at the car, the back packed with boxes of belongings. A young man about Cas’s age behind the wheel looking out as Cas pumped the gas.
“Oh…” Dean said. “Wait….I remember Cas mentioning a Balthazar, someone from school I think. Just before I left.”
There was a shift in the music and slowly Dean moved to turn Cas around in his arms, pressing against him from behind. Cas gasped in surprise, feeling Dean, hard against the back of his thigh. Cas closed his eyes, his head tilted back, forehead brushing near Dean’s as Dean ran his hands up the front of Cas’s stomach to his chest, wrapping around and holding him close. This was the Dean that Cas remembered. Bold, unafraid to stake a claim over him. Cas could feel the length of Dean’s whole body, warm and welcoming and flush against his own as Dean’s lips brushed Cas’s ear.
“Nope!”
but movies like that reminded Cas too much of Dean so they were stuck with
Fred nodded an acknowledgment. “Car accident. Died before help could reach him but a man had been passing by and held his hand through the window and talked to him as he died, didn’t want him to be alone.”
Cas couldn’t believe his brother had actually gone this far and the shock must have shown on his face because after a moment the manager cleared his throat and continued.
beach.
“Yeah,” Cas admitted, laughing. “It’s kind of a tourist thing. You know when you move here you think you’ll do it eventually but then since there’s no real rush you never actually do.”
The next thing he knew he was waking up in the hospital. Balthazar was in the chair next to his bed. He had called an ambulance when he came back into the room and found Cas unconscious. Once awake and lucid, Cas cried. He promised he would stop. Balthazar told him he loved him.
There was silence...then, “Is Castiel with you?”
On day six Sam and Bobby arrived, less than 24 hours from the time Dean gave over the names and numbers. Dean refused to see them. He was too embarrassed. Sam left Dean a letter telling him how much he loved him, how he could come home with him and Jess and Bobby and everything would work out. Dean just knew he couldn’t bear that.
Dean, was now simultaneously totally relieved and totally aroused at the thought that Cas had been thinking about him in that way. Truth be told he had had plenty of thoughts of his own about taking this angel to a different kind of heaven and exactly how he would do it. Emboldened, he took a step closer, his hand resting behind Castiel’s neck, gently weaving his fingers into the dark soft tresses there.
Dean didn’t really believe in God, but seeing Cas, he thought
“I guess………” Dean hesitated over his next words. “I need to see him Sammy. I just need to see if he’s okay. But I don’t even know where to look. And yes, before you ask the obvious, I checked the phone book.”
“So I guess you got the flowers?”
The sounds of the surf sedated him and he watched the sun melding slowly into the sea, blending colors across the water. His hand reached into his pocket, fingering the small pills there. Dean popped several into his mouth swallowing them down with another swig.
The dialogue between himself and Dean that Cas was remembering while listening to Elvis is from Chapter 2 of Twist and Shout.
...so
Cas was mortified at his sudden inability to make his mind craft the simplest response...to make his mouth form words. He suddenly remembered why he called, because after all, it wasn’t just to stumble into speechless idiocy at the sound of Dean’s voice. That most certainly wasn’t the reason.
Balthazar huffed but moved over. Cas drove them home in silence. It was a short drive, the rain becoming heavier just as they found a place to park for the night. The wind brought a chill from the ocean and they ran the short distance to the doorway of their building to escape the heavy drops.
"You use me until the dining room thins out and then you fire me. I just want to make sure I’m understanding this correctly.”
Dean shook that mental image far away. He threw Cas a laugh and was suddenly feeling ravenous. He dug into the various appetizers while Cas dunked a shrimp in cocktail sauce.
different about Dean, but in a good way. Dean was
Cas stiffened a bit with nerves when Dean sat back down again, much closer this time, shoulders touching. So close, Cas could lean into Dean and rest his head on Dean’s shoulder if he wanted to...and he wanted to. But they weren’t alone in the park. In the distance the party was in full swing. Kids running about on the playground crying out “Not it!” as they chased each other. Adults breaking off to sit by themselves, their banter growing progressively louder as some cracked a beer or two.
“Okay, Dean, I’m getting there” Benny grinned. “Sol Invictus was a Roman god.”
Maybe it was because Cas had said it was his favorite place to go and think, or maybe it was because he was a masochist at heart, Dean finished his beer and made his way there. Maybe seeing the real place would exorcise the nightmare from his mind. If nothing else, it was something Cas said he'd loved, and Dean longed to be near Cas tonight. It was as close as he could come.
Dean joined her vigil in the waiting room of the Cardiology wing, ushering her back to the grey couch she’d been sitting on when they arrived and taking a space next to her. Garth left briefly to grab them each a coffee from the hospital cafeteria downstairs.
He was some combination of angry, exhausted, but mostly he was ashamed of himself. He needed to be alone. He wanted to sleep, then shower, then maybe he would have it in him to face Dean.
Cas found a hollow between Dean's neck and shoulder with his mouth. Dean’s hand came to the back of Cas’s head, sifting his fingers there, a moan slipping from his lips as Cas marked him back.
“I got someone to cover the rest of my shift for today so whatever you need just ask.”
“We were just talking Balthazar.” Cas glared, voice low in warning.
Cas reached his arms around Dean and held him close, his head resting in the hollow of Dean’s neck, before kissing him once more goodbye.
“Thank you. That’s okay though,” he said, biting down and willing the shivers away. He spared a smile for her as another troop of children ascended the lawn laughing. “I’ve never gotten to do this before,” Dean said, helping her dole out the candy. “It’s kind of nice.”
“I’ll bet he’d bend over this bar real pretty for that,” the man in the baseball cap was laughing as he said it, real pleased with himself. “Bet he’d spread those ass cheeks nice and wide for it! Want that bottle up your ass boy?”
----------
“I will. Take care and give my love to Jess,” he said before hanging up.
She’s like family….I just really hope it's not over between them. I just don’t know if Sammy could take it.”
Cas beamed at him, “We can do a late dinner if you think you can eat twice. Or just come for pie.” Cas looked away as if gathering courage, then back to Dean, “You could just relax, stay over at my place after,” he swallowed.
“We might have to share.” Dean bit into his toast.
“Slimy nasty pumpkin guts….smelled like shit.” but Dean was smiling at the memory. “We never really had a Halloween growing up. Dad always turned the lights out or went out drinking. Never had the money for candy but one year I helped Sammy dress like a bum and brought him around with an old pillowcase for candy.”
Just as quickly as it happened, Dean released Cas’s hand as Sammy came back with fresh beer for everyone.
“Pardon?”
Dean dropped Mildred off at her house, letting her know he’d be back after he ran a quick errand. He drove into town hoping there was a place open late that could help get him in touch with the right people in Yuba City.
Sam was making eggs and bacon. “Breakfast Cas?”
Dean said.
Cas felt the blood rush to his cheeks at that, experiencing that small, quick quiver of shame that Dean always managed to pull from him when he played with Cas this way, even after all this time. Still, he couldn’t help the smile he felt bloom on his face in response to Dean’s praise.
Dean collapsed on the couch in partial relief.
Cas’s job offered decent pay for now but no future. As he got ready he found himself thinking about what Dean had said about him being a good doctor and feeling restless about getting back to school, knowing he could put his mind and talents to greater use and make a better living in the long run. If only it didn’t take so damn long. The more he thought about it, the more he felt anxious, like he’d lost time and was somehow “behind” where he should be at this point in his life. He knew it wasn’t by much compared with where he would be if he had gone straight on to med school from pre-med, but still.
A shiver runs down Dean’s spine at the time of Castiel’s voice. Castiel is so very, very good at the dom voice. Dean’s never been that good at it. “Please use the flogger on me, daddy.”
Patience doesn't look particularly happy about it either, but once the potion's done she accepts it and swallows it down, gagging behind her fist. "Once I'm done you have to give me that bucket and get out of the way, or you'll end up covered in vomit."
). When he steps out into the hallway he can just faintly hear Dean's music through the door across the hallway. It doesn't necessarily mean he's still awake, but Castiel decides to knock anyway.
He knows Dean won’t go looking for the jacket, it brings up too many bad memories for Dean (it’s why he never wears it anymore, he hasn’t looked at it in years). It still smells like Dean though, and Castiel keeps it folded under his pillow for days before his brain helpfully reminds him of what Eileen told him.
A short laugh is startled out of Castiel and he lets go of Dean so Dean can turn around, facing away from the Impala with his hands planted on her hood so he can help push himself up when Benny and Castiel lift him by his hips. "Awesome, got a condom?" Dean leans back on his arms and crosses his legs at the ankles, watching as Benny leans into the car and opens up the glove box, pulling out a condom. He doesn't miss the way Castiel eyes Benny's ass as he does it, and he makes sure Castiel knows he saw by shooting him a lewd look that makes Castiel cheeks flush.
Castiel nods solemnly. “Yes, and you would be fairly familiar with the taste of ‘ass’.”
. If this really is his little brother, considering they spent so many years apart, he's pretty sure he'll have to shove his nose into the guy's neck to tell, which is probably impolite.
“I’ve been teaching myself for the last year or two. Helps to keep my mind occupied.”
Early the next morning Dean got up early, showered, packed his bag, and grabbed the San Francisco phone book from the office, stuffing it in his pack before heading out the door. He stopped to grab coffee, then made the trip back home just in time to meet Jessica at the university library where they asked for as many copies of the quarterly newsletter that they could get from the last 5 years.
“This is sort of another older song too now, I guess,” he said into the mic as his fingers started flying over the frets and his right hand began strumming. Keeping his eyes locked shut he started.
Dean heard the soft exhale of breath.
Dean. I know seeing Castiel again was hard.” Benny paused.
"Breathe you idiot," Dean thought to himself, "Shit..you’re acting like a scared little boy with a crush." But he couldn’t help the shaking, as a tear traced down his cheek. What the hell was he feeling? Was it fear? Joy? No not joy, not yet. Here was Cas….. Castiel. A Seraph for freak's sake! A warrior of heaven. More than a warrior, a badass general.  He was a celestial wave of …..what was it he had called it? Thick dark wavy bed-head...messy, beautiful like a storm. Eyes...blue, like a sea of Creation. Of all the things Dean had seen in his life there was nothing more awe-inspiring than what stood before him now. Familiar, yet still awe-inspiring. Seeing Cas was on the one hand like finally being "home,"....."safe." Cas was alive and there was no one he needed more. Yet at the same time he felt the opposite of safe. Dean was literally shaking with so many emotions including a fear so strong he could taste the bitterness in his mouth. Here in heaven, Cas was back at full power and in his element, what could Dean possibly have to offer him now? What if Cas was over it?
“I just might do that." Cas laughed. "Thank you Dean.”
He could barely keep his eyes from floating back to Cas throughout the rest of the afternoon. Could barely keep his hands from reaching out just to touch him in the simplest and briefest ways, as if to check that Cas was really real and really his. Dean was in love, and Cas loved him back. He swore to himself he would do everything in his power to protect Cas and show him how much he loved him for the rest of his life.
had been stolen through a lie.
“....No,” Balthazar hadn’t moved and after a moment Cas sighed, lifting up onto his elbow but still not turning to look at him as he spoke. “We'll talk tomorrow. I’m not doing this now, and you shouldn’t expect me to after you took off, and after whatever the fuck that was out there.”
Dean had gently turned Cas’s head and was feverishly mouthing along the back of his ear, working his way along the curve of his neck, all the while still rocking against him - finding the little sensitive places he knew would make Cas squirm and utter soft plaintive cries as Dean sucked little marks into his skin.
“So...let’s never say it again, huh?” Cas asked.
Dean stared, settling back on the pillows of the hospital bed.
“I’ll see what I can do then….I’ll switch some shifts, do some favors if I need to - if it's important to you, sure.” Cas felt that rushing feeling inside.
Tears fell as she shook her head, "I’ll never forgive them.”
Dean met Garth Wednesday evening at the entrance to Angels of Mercy Hospital. Given his last experience at a hospital Dean was grateful for the company. At least the visitor’s entrance was shielded from the wailing of the ambulances and rush of gurneys that were a regular occurrence on the other side of the complex. Dean and Garth entered a lobby that was sedate and calming by design. To the left of the information desk a father and little girl exited the gift shop entrance with a balloon that read “BIG SISTER” and a stuffed bear in a blue diaper and headed for the elevator to the maternity ward. Garth led Dean to the desk where he'd checked in so that Dean could obtain his own visitor's pass.
“He said to pass on the message. He heard you were ill. He wanted to make sure you are okay. I told him you were working. He said to tell you he called. He understands if you don’t want to talk to him.”
A week passed and Dean thought that would be the end of it. It pained him too much to allow himself to think on it so he tried to busy himself to keep it out of his mind. Some nights he couldn’t help himself. He thought back to the party where he first saw Cas.
“Look over there Cas! Pumpkins.” Dean slowed down and pulled off the side to where a makeshift farm stand offered late-season produce and bright orange pumpkins. “You remember when you insisted we carve that smelly pumpkin for Halloween?”
“I love every part of you Cas...Just relax and let me make you feel good.”
They shared a bucket of popcorn and two drinks at a price Dean realized they could never have easily afforded back when Cas was in school, and Dean would brazenly sneak in cheap beers for them, Cas always hiding a stash of store-bought candy in his jacket for Dean.
“All good things come to an end Cassie,” he looked up darkly. “You and I are living proof of that, no?”
is there something you wanna talk about?”
been special, or beautiful, or worthy enough to make Dean stay. Dean said it was the war, but the more Cas thought about it the more he realized if Dean could be with Benny now, it must have been more than that.
Sure his father didn’t have to act that way, but Dean should have known better. He
Soon virtually everyone in the club was singing along with Dean. He ventured his eyes open, and saw Cas, smiling, clapping and singing along with the rest of the table. Sam, Benny, Jess, Cas. His
.. but no sound came out. The war and time had stolen Cas’s voice from him again...and all Dean could hear was the sick popping sound of gunfire…
Cas sighed, concerned.
“You must have a magic touch,” Charlie told him one night as they closed up together. “Usually this level of society are the cheapest bastards around.” Cas laughed, reminding Charlie that this was exactly the kind of club his father once belonged to.
Dean’s mind whirled with the realization. Cas was
Cas waited at the curb again, falling back briefly into the memory of that day. Halloween, 1969 - seven years ago already. Cas remembered it like it was yesterday. He’d noticed a difference in Dean all that fall. The way he’d look at Cas, as if each time they made love to each other might be their last - as if on some unconscious level Dean knew the war was coming for him, - coming for them both. As if somehow he knew their time was short.
Fred had help from other people who had been through it. He asked about Dean’s future plans. Fred listened and nodded when Dean told him he didn’t think he could go home yet. As he was about to leave, Dean couldn’t help but wonder “Why do you care so much man? You don’t know me from anything but here you are on your day off, hours from your home.”
“Bullshit.” Dean countered, “You always said that about yourself.”
“It was Dean,” Cas finally said, his voice cracking. He couldn’t look up from his papers without Hannah seeing the tears welling in his eyes...fucking tears that the mention of Dean’s goddamn pumpkins unleashed. He swallowed it down. “One for each of the kids.”
Dean hesitated, looking at Cas.
She smiled gently, though the exhaustion showed on her face. “I just wanted to make sure you got settled in okay dear.”
Bobby crossed the office to the door where Dean stood, clapping him on the back to pull him along “Well come on then.”
“So Dean,” Benny ventured after they had driven for 5 or 10 minutes. “Was it what you hoped for?”
Rufus smiled, “Thank you Dean.”
“Prob’ly later, thank you. I’m still not feeling quite right.”
**********
Cas tried to leave some money on the table but Dean insisted on paying.
..” Dean pleaded, at Cas’s back as he went through the door and up the stairs to the apartment.
“Rachel told me what that asshole did,” Gabriel told Cas by way of a greeting as he opened the door. “I just want you to know that I’m done with his shit Castiel….what Dad did, and what Michael’s doing….it isn’t right.”
Every few days Dean put some coins in a phone and dialed Sam. Sam had long since stopped arguing for Dean to come home. The first few weeks each call had ended in the same tired way. “Come home Dean, We can get you help. Please tell me where you are Dean. Cas loves you Dean. I love you.” Dean had settled that by cutting Sam off. For a stretch of about six weeks, Dean didn’t call at all, not to be cruel, just to avoid the constant fighting.
“I’ll be alright Benny.”
“Dean!” Cas called, pulling desperately at the buttons of Dean’s jeans. “Get these off you!...Oh god,
He had plans for himself. He was doing okay on his own - resisting the urge to pick up the phone and make a call he would surely regret. Today had been a
Too late. As he glanced back he saw Castiel and Balthazar entering the club. His pulse quickened. This was happening, like it or not. Seeing their table, Cas grabbed Balthazar’s hand to lead him over as Sam waved.
It was then that he remembered it was Sunday, and just about everything was closed. Cursing he sat back down and grabbed a mug of the coffee he’d brewed. When he’d finished it he grabbed his wallet and fished out a card from inside. He dialed the number on the card for the first time in months.
Dean poured his 3rd shot and was about to sink it when Sam stayed his arm “Seriously Dean, you should get some rest too. You look like hell.”
“Okay...We’ll hash it out later in the week. I can’t wait to see you Dean.”
Before they knew it Cas and Dean were back at the auto shop. Dean realized he had no memory of even getting off the cable car or making any of the turns. He had been so focused on the conversation.
“Sure.” Cas smiled again.
“Long story...I’ll catch you up another time.”
would feel the warm sun on your face again.”
“I had a son,” Fred said after a moment. “He’d have been about your age. He died.”
“What time is it?” Cas asked. He looked again to the man on the loveseat still sleeping, a panic falling over him.
"Dean couldn't make it."
“Play your cards right.” Cas quipped back.
BOO!!’
Cas cocked his head in confusion and Dean explained.
happened.
It was his nightmare all over again, but this time he
Sam noticed Dean’s hands shaking. “Dean relax. Cas is safe. The poison is out and I think he really does seem better than he was earlier.”
Cas wanted nothing more at this moment than to get away from both of them.
“How did- “
Gabriel joined Stephen and Rachel in the adjoining room leaving Cas to try to recover his composure. It wasn’t Thanksgiving without family pissing you off now was it? Or so he’d heard. Still, he found himself worrying.
It was Dean’s turn to look away shyly as Cas beamed at him again.
story play out on the screen. Akin to their past, up until the moment when Dean walked away from it all.
Mildred was the first to go in. Garth stayed in the lounge in case she needed him while Dean sought out a payphone. He dialed Cas’s number. There was still no answer. He tried Sam.
Cas still had nights where he dreamed they were back there on the beach - the feeling so sublime that when he woke  -
“You’re fulla shit Cas. Look what you did for Hannah and those kids tonight. You can read people and you can tell what they need, or if you don’t, you think and figure it out and you care enough to give it.” Dean was still so weak, those few words had taken an effort.
“Everything ok?”
and tonight Dean was
The men ignored him, still focusing on Dean.
Cas twined his fingers into Dean’s and brought them down to rest on the bed between them. It was enough for Dean. Just enough to let Dean know Cas wanted him there too. Dean could work with that reasoning. He was there because that’s what Cas needed. He could process that need instead of his own.
“Dean…
“Shit. Did I do anything to embarrass myself?”
as Dean?...
* "marry me" quotes are from T & S chapter 3
“So where are we going?” he asked.
“Go home Dean,” he ordered.
He turned on the tv and tried to settle into something - Wheel of Fortune, or reruns of I Love Lucy. The tv was on, but to Dean it was just background chatter. He couldn't focus on anything. Dean turned off the tv. He sat back on the couch and stared at the opposing wall for about 15 minutes before he shook his head, got up and tried the number again.
“So tomorrow you go back to Sacramento,” Cas supplied matter of factly, changing the subject.
“The rain gods have terrible timing,” Dean smirked, but even as he said it the downpour lightened, almost as quickly as it came, and people hurrying on the street settled back into a relaxed pace as the rain clouds moved on.
**********
The tall man turned back to Dean. “Cause if that’s the case boy, I got a little something we can give you deep inside there. Something you won’t forget.” He shook his empty beer bottle suggestively to the hoots and laughter of the other two men.
It’d been a long time since Dean waited tables. He thought about Cas having to break his ass, being sweet and kind and accommodating, saying ‘yes sir,’ ‘very good sir,’ to all the assholes stuck in the middle of the corporate ladder. Dean remembered his own experience waiting tables in the business district - how so many of those guys were desperate to climb without a fucking clue about how to show leadership, - abusive and condescending to servers in order to feel important and authoritative in front of their clients or colleagues.
Dean nodded bringing Cas’s hand up to his lips to leave a quick kiss on his knuckles, before resting their joined hands back on the table, Dean’s thumb brushing over those same knuckles.
“Some friend.”
“Nope! Everything’s done!” came a voice from the back of the house. “Be in in a few minutes.”
Cas looked back, into eyes that were green and verdant, amplified through water - droplets of rain on a bed of ferns. He gently swiped away a tear that had fallen on Dean's cheek with his thumb - his blue eyes dark with longing, brow furrowed and lips parted in wonder - as if Dean was a gift he'd been given that he didn't understand. Dean's heart bloomed under Cas's gaze. No one had ever made Dean feel like a
His brow furrowed, “I can’t” he sighed. “My shift at the warehouse starts in a half-hour.”
The details of their decoupling worked out, Cas let out a heavy sigh. He thought about his sister. He wondered about his future, what it might be like to be finally untethered by guilt.
“Scout’s honor Doc.”
Cas’s breathless sigh on the other end of the line wrapped around him like arms, holding him close. In his mind’s eye he could see Cas’s soft gaze, lovestruck...steady, blue, and bright as the light of a thousand stars on the ocean.
Dean struggled to understand, it didn't make any sense. “...God Cas, I’m so sorry…..why didn’t you tell me?”
“Castiel isn’t causing your flashbacks if that’s what you’re worried about Dean,” Rufus said with a tone of certainty when he was done.
“Dean!” Bobby started in sternly,
Dean pictured himself grilling burgers on a backyard deck after working all day at Garth’s garage - Cas coming home from seeing patients and joining him there. Dean would sit next to him, pour Cas a drink and they would talk about their day, and have dinner together in
Repeat note from last Chapter:
“Don’t even get me started!” he cried out, revealing that Jess made him cancel a planned weekend at the beach after they made the mistake of seeing that movie. Balthazar found that hilarious, but it only made Dean think suddenly of the last time he’d been to the ocean, and Cas couldn’t help but notice as a pained shadow passed over his face.
Charlie was singing as she came into the kitchen area, “
Cas spoke into the quiet pause, “What do you wish Dean?”
“I hit my head,” he explained. “I need a cup of water please, and a cup of ice. Quickly please!” Cas grabbed some napkins and pressed hard near his temple where the blood was dripping, glancing back at the car as she turned to grab cups and fill them. Dean hadn’t moved from his spot in the passenger's seat. He fished for his wallet to pay her.
Instead Dean was surrounded by a patchwork of mismatched pillows, lamps and furniture, none of them particularly stylish but all of them homey, somehow comforting, and uniquely  ‘Cas.’ Soft light filtered through the trees outside a window facing a nicely sized and private back yard.
The man hesitated, not wanting to give voice to the salacious accusation.
“Okay!” Cas cut in.
The doctor pressed his lips together in thought and wrote on Dean’s chart.
The man was taller than Dean, but Dean tipped his chin up to stare challengingly back at him. Before Dean could speak Crowley cut in.
"Thank you Dean....You too."
Castiel lay on top of the bed in a pair of Dean’s navy sweats and a faded "Bad Company" tee. Dean thought he’d never seen him look so “human”...well except for maybe when Cas had actually been human. He didn’t move as Dean entered.
Cas looked down for a moment, blinking back a tear of relief and smiled in thought. Looking back to Dean his eyes were joyful...Dean marveled in the knowledge that
“Man I’d need the whole front seat for all my 8 tracks.”
Cas turned to walk back to the house allowing the momentum to carry him forward, afraid if he looked back at Dean he would falter and broker some lesser deal.
“Look Cas, no pressure, I know you’re shy around new people. But I promise, Fred and Mildred and Garth and his family are great. I’d really like you to meet them.”
all swirled in his chest.
“Open your eyes, Sweetheart.  Look at me when you do that.”
Dean considered his reflection again. No, he wasn’t a corpse, he was a
he whispered. Dean was almost sure he knew, wanted to trust what he was feeling - that Cas wanted this too. It had been so long, and so much had happened. He just wanted -
Cas was alone.
"I do know you," Cas chided. "You give everything to everyone around you and forget to take care of yourself."
“Shhhhh. It’s okay Dean. Just relax.” Cas gentled. He let Dean pull him down ‘til he sat on the edge of the coffee table, his hand stroking through Dean’s hair, smoothing now sweat-soaked strands away from his brow. Dean leaned into his touch.
They made plans to drive out to see the Sutter Buttes.
“Please don’t be pissed Cas.”
Cas nodded, his expression still unreadable even as his heart raced. It was understandable, he thought. He turned to glance again outside the window. But Balthazar could see his breath quicken in the rise and fall of his chest as he processed the news.
“Yeah, well I’m glad we did. Or who knows what those creeps might have done.”
That’s what Pamela Barnes told him when she’d pressed him about his so-called ‘negative self-talk’. To Dean it sounded like hippy bullshit, they were just his thoughts.
“Just your brothers’ and sister’s names. Not your father.”
“YAY CAS! FINALLY!” Tommy yelled jumping up and down in excitement as they started down the driveway.
Dean laughed, that big happy jack-o-lantern like grin lighting his face. “I looked away for about a second and next thing I look over and he’s gone! Bolted so fast!” Dean shook his head smiling in memory as he looked out to the streets trying to catch a glimpse of them again.
Stephen nodded, understanding. “I know...believe me I know.” He swallowed.
“Still...I’m sorry.”
"Haven't you had enough?"
“Uhhh...Hi. I’m trying to reach Cas...Castiel Novak. Is this his number?”
Cas smiled back. Getting up, he collected their dirty plates and brought them to the sink, leaving them there for later and joining Balthazar on the couch. Cas laid down and put his head in Balthazar’s lap, letting him card his fingers through his hair as he stared blankly at the tv.
“Sounds like a perfect Saturday afternoon to me!” he smiled.
Dean sighed. The only thing that could rival time with Cas, was time with Cas. Dean hadn't been so happy, so content in  “....
“Discharged this morning.” He told him.
“I have a few contacts who could make a place for a guy who knows engines. If you need a job or a place temporarily, you know, until you’re ready to head on home, you can call.”
Dean hummed before kissing him again.
“Take care of yourself tonight Dean,” he said. “You can call me, later tonight or anytime it gets to be too much.”
Cas laughed, silvery and sweet, and Dean was lost in the sound of it, his eyes pulled towards the soft full lips of his first and only love...the man he had known so well and longed for like the missing piece of his own soul. He lowered his eyes to Cas’s lips, leaning in, carried along by the river inside him that sang Cas’s name…..
“Balthazar Novak?”
he thought. Dean didn’t even mean his appearance. All the tender moments, the sweet promises and soft touches they had shared came rushing back in a tidal wave of memory. The levy Dean had worked years to build was breaking. Dean was in danger of being swept away. More than that...Dean
Dean’s heart
“Oh....sorry I woke you Cas!” Dean said in a choked whisper, looking away and wiping his eyes so Cas wouldn’t see.
Hannah’s jaw was set, determined.
“Good luck Dean.”
“So...you were pretty out of it last night,” Cas ventured cautiously, as he flipped through some of the LPs.  He glanced behind him briefly to see Dean rub a hand over his forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean holds on as Castiel rides him, thrusting his hips up every now and then when Castiel grinds down, striking his prostate. Castiel’s getting desperate, whimpering loudly and digging his nails into Dean's shoulder. The muscles in his thigh jump under Dean's biceps, and his thrusts are slowing like he's getting tired and his thighs are aching. Dean pulls him down on top of him, kissing him and fucking up into the clutch of his body.
"Such a gentleman," Dean says with a weak choke of laughter, squeezing his body around Benny's fingers. The tips of Benny's thick fingers are jabbing into Dean's prostate, and despite how long he'd been waiting for it, Dean's orgasm still catches him by surprise. "Jesus
-*-*-
. He sent me the wrong damned way!" Castiel climbs to his feet, face lit up with fury, but stops suddenly, face going green at the edges. He falls back into the seat and holds his head. "Ow, that hurt."
Castiel blinks a few times, confused and staring owlishly at the archangel. Dean has no idea what they're talking about, and he really wants to ask, but before he can, understanding has washed over Castiel's features, and his wide eyes go even wider. "That's far more dangerous, Gabriel."
Jo saves them by reappearing with their drinks and the coffee pot. "Hey asshole," Dean says to her. "Do you remember Castiel?"
"Ah-ha! He can be taught. And it only took you twelve years," Sam says, climbing to his feet and clapping a hand over Castiel's shoulder. "No offense, Cas, but you're the dumbest person I've ever met, rivaled only by my brother."
As Dean leads the group in through the garage he eyes the cameras. He'd expected them, had planned for a less than surprise entrance, so he's apprehensive when they aren't surrounded straight away. Besides the garage door, there are three other access points on the other side of the room, two on either end and one in the middle. He points the archangels towards the middle door, out into the map room, then Jody, Claire, Sam and Donna towards the left side door that leads into the offices and dungeon, and then leads Castiel in through the last door on the right, leading them into the hallway of bedrooms.
Dean makes a face at him as he unzips his jeans and shoves them down his hips. "You're forty-three, weirdo." When he looks back at Castiel, the man is resolutely looking away from Benny, and he looks nervous. Dean's about to say something, tell him to get in too, but Benny beats him to it.
Castiel's reply is instant.
nice. When Castiel comes back with the pen Dean writes his number on the receipt and hands it over. "Here you go."
insane?" Dean cries, climbing to his feet. This time he manages to push through the dizziness and he's glad, he needs to be clear-headed for this. "You want to
Eileen tilts her head to the side, a thoughtful look on her face. “Dean smells sour when he’s upset and he’s trying to hide it, almost like vinegar.” She leans back against the machines and crosses her arms over her chest before she says, “A heightened sense of smell is an early indication of presentation in children.”
Dean sighs and puts the clean plate in the bucket with all the other clean dishes to drip dry. "Because you're using me for your own pleasure." Castiel still looks confused, but Dean doesn't know how to simplify it further so he just doesn't bother.
“C’mon,” Dean says between kisses, taking a breath before he kisses Castiel again. “I’m too old to fuck in a shitty chair. On the bed.”
Sam lets out a watery huff of laughter and wipes at his eyes. His smile is so wide and bright Dean feels like he's standing in the warmth of sunshine. Gods, his
-*-*-*-*-*-
“Ah,” Dean says in understanding, nodding his head. “Thank you.”
Benny shrugs his shoulders, which is as good as an agreement for him, so Dean looks down at his phone again to text Cas.
By the time Dean and Rowena were leaving for Mongolia, Jody and Donna had already left for the sheriff's station, Alex had left for the hospital and Patience had left for class. Dean had suspected that Claire and Kaia were lovers at dinner the night before, which is only confirmed when they enter the room with clasped hands, Kaia leading.
He turns back to Emma, just in time to watch a rotten hand reach out for her shoulder. He grabs her by the wrist and tugs her out of the way before he's taking one of the loose shelves and swinging it at the zombie's head. It drops to the floor, but it's still moving, so Dean hits it a few more times until it stops, blood and brains splattered on the floor.
“Either Dean’s body hasn’t realised that yet,” Sam begins, humming thoughtfully. “Or you do have a secondary sex, you just haven’t presented yet.”
Benny leans up and presses his forehead to Dean's and they pant against each other's mouths as they come down from the high. Dean wants to collapse back onto the desk and sleep for a week, his hand shaking as it tries to hold the weight of his body up. He feels a bit like a puppet with its strings cut.
"You bought me a present?" He asks, trying not to grin stupidly. God he loves her.
"Thank you," he says to her, shooting her a smile before turning back to the food. She's left a spoon with the bake and Castiel takes it, scooping some out onto his plate.
Castiel frowns, confused. "I do not understand what either phrase means."
Castiel looks like he doesn't believe Dean. "I am finding myself extremely attracted to you, and I wish for you to kiss me again. A kiss I shall participate in this time."
can't change it."
Dean chews on his bottom lip. "What happened, with the woman and the kids?"
"Can we stop fighting like children and call Dagon, please." Castiel rolls his eyes when Lucifer turns to look at him, clearly unimpressed, and asks him
gun. This one is a Browning, and he’s never owned a fucking Browning in his
Bobby nods, tapping away at the computer, "I'll print the form for it, then I'll call Michigan. Can you check on Aidan? Make sure he hasn't irrevocably ruined the car I put him on."
"Something went wrong, you started convulsing and Patience got flung across the room. Do you remember anything?"
Bobby shrugs and pulls an old revolver from the bag slung over his shoulder, handing it to Dean butt-first, then says, "You'll need this." Dean stares down at the gun in his hands. It's old, and it smells like gunpowder and herbs he can't name. Someone has carved a pentagram into the handle and the words
Michael and Lucifer appear next to Kelly, each taking one of her hands. Gold light shines from Kelly's belly, climbing up her skin like lightning and glowing in her eyes before reaching out to the archangels. After a few moments, symbols on the building that had originally been invisible start to glow in that same shining gold before burning red and melting down the walls like fresh paint.
Dean’s not sure what the plan is, but he worries it means Castiel won’t be riding him anymore. He doesn’t say a word though, something tells him if he asks, Castiel
"She said the customer over peppered it and wanted a new one. I told her to take it back and tell him to eat it or leave, but she wont, and she's driving me insane right now," Charlie says, snapping the last in Josephine's direction. Josephine looks cowed by Charlie, but she's insistent, which means she's far more worried about taking the plate back to the customer than she is about Charlie's ensuing wrath.
Should Dean be worried?
Dean's so full after they've finished that he thinks he'll either fall into a food coma or explode, and he's hanging off of Castiel's shoulder. The wine has made him warm and sleepy, and he knows there's no way he's going to be able to drive. He's just about to ask Castiel and Benny for one of them to do it when he catches the eye of someone across the room, someone who looks away as soon as Dean looks at her. She's standing with two others who are talking animatedly, and when they look over at him, not realising he's already looking at them, his eyes narrowed, they look away.
"I need you to explain this to me: who are the Men of Letters? How do they relate to the hunters, and how is Rowena's son involved with them?" Castiel asks, resting his elbows on his knees.
Dean hasn't done this since he was eleven, but he remembers it like it was yesterday. He clasps his hand in a fist and presses it to his heart, bowing his head, then says, "Dean Winchester, firstborn son of John Winchester, second to the Alpha of the Kansas werewolf pack." 	He looks up at the man. "Well, I was."
"Why are you alone? I mean, wolves live in packs don't they? And I mean, I know there's that expression, ‘
"You're gonna have to do it boy, I don't want to bleed out," Bobby says gently, reaching up to pat Dean's cheek. "Snap my neck, quick and painless."
Castiel’s suddenly reminded of the first time he convinced Dean to try breath play. The angel had very happily catered to absolutely every one of Castiel’s other kinks, but he’d been terrified of hurting Castiel worse than he could fix. It had taken weeks to convince him, and a couple times when Dean had let Castiel do it on him to show him how it worked. When he’d finally agreed, Castiel had come so hard he’d blacked out and scared the absolute hell out of Dean. Dean had sworn he’d never do it again, but two weeks later he did, and Castiel came just as hard as the first time.
It's almost like the body Dean's inhabiting takes over when he leans over and presses his mouth to Castiel's. (At least that's what he tells himself.)
reject.
"Fuck, Dean, more. Give me more," Castiel groans into the sky, hand sliding from Dean's shoulder into his hair, fingers going tight in the strands. It hurts, almost too much, and Dean's hips stutter up. He gives Castiel more.
him they loved him. He doesn't remember the last time he said it back. "I love you, too, kid."
“I believe you, sweetheart.”
Not long later, a waitress approaches them with a bright smile and says, "Hey guys I'm Alba, what can I get you tonight?"
He doesn’t know how long he waits. It feels like hours, but is probably only mere minutes, before finally, Castiel’s in front of him again, Gabriel, Sam, and Rowena by his side. Besides Castiel, Gabriel is the only one who looks like he hasn’t been affected. Sam and Rowena sit on either side of Dean.
"Police reports," Bobby says simply, not bothering to elaborate. "I'm sure he's there."
When Dean can feel his orgasm beginning to build in his gut, his thighs start to ache and he has to stop, which both his cock and the man under him protest. "I need to swap, my thighs feel like they're on fire," he tells Castiel, rubbing his knuckle down the muscle on the underside of his thigh. "It's your fault, making me do all the work, lazy son of a bitch."
of the battle between good and evil, they don't
“Really, that’s your bright idea?” Dean hangs his head in his hands. “I need a drink.”
Dean groans, scrubbing his hands over his face.
Dean may be smart enough not to get into a physical altercation with the waitress, but he isn't smart enough not to shoot her both his middle fingers as they're
Dean wakes when Castiel shakes him by the shoulder. It's still dark out, and despite not actually knowing the time, it feels like
Once they're finished and the board games are packed away in the closet, they go through the motions of getting ready for bed.
Castiel nods, he’s very well aware of the treatment Dean and Sam experienced at the hands of their father. He’s been dealing with the aftermath of Dean’s John-triggered repressed feelings for ten years. “So, I guess I’ll just have to wait and see.”
Castiel holds it in his hands, staring at it in confusion before he says, "What is it?"
"Dean, you need to
"Jesus fuck, Benny," Dean grunts, sliding his hand over the back of Benny's head to hold him in place. Benny's teeth are unnecessarily sharp, and Dean always worried that he'd break the skin one day, the way he always goes for Dean's neck. Not that Dean doesn't enjoy it immensely. Benny sinks his teeth into the flesh of Dean's throat, between the joint of his shoulder and his collarbone and sucks, dragging a groan from deep within Dean's chest. "Fucking hell, man."
Dean shrugs then turns to shoot Castiel a smile. "Maybe. Where do you want to go?"
Dean grins, pleased at Castiel's reaction and repeats the motion a few more times before circling the head with his thumb while he squeezes him with his other fingers. Castiel isn't expecting it when Dean leans down and carefully fits his mouth around the head, because he was more than happy with the way Dean had been touching him, but damn does it feel good.
“Clothes, Dean, take ‘em off.”
"More are coming."
-*-*-
"In our world, he was using Claire and other homeless children to steal money to settle his debt with a loan shark. He attempted to allow said loan shark to force Claire into non-consensual sexual intercourse as payment," Castiel explains. He's playing with a loose thread in the jeans he's wearing, and Dean's never seen him do anything so... human. "You killed him while under the influence of the Mark of Cain."
"Hello, dear," Rowena greets as she appears beside him. To Dean's surprise, the man pulls her into a tight hug. "Alright, alright. We need your help."
"De, did you see your dad put formula in the bag?" Dean asks, scouring through the bag for the formula.
"What's going on with Gabriel? I don't want specifics," Dean says, kicking at the grass under his boot. They're waiting for the humans to return with ammo and firearms now, and then they start. A strange mix of anticipation, fear, and the early stages of adrenaline swim in his gut.
“And I’ll need to… what do I do while it’s happening? Masturbate?”
Dean's starting to get used to the company. It's a weird feeling, knowing someone's always there with him when no one ever has been. He likes it. (Though he has no plans to admit that to Castiel).
"Cas is meaner than you are, Benny," Dean tells him, giving him a sharp smile. "Didn't even think that was possible."
The two youngest stare at the oldest until the teenager sighs, looking perturbed, yet also irritated. “He wasn’t our real dad, he took us in. I don’t know how he died, he just got sick one day, went to sleep, and never woke up.”
"A plan for… what?"
The look on Rowena's face tells him exactly what. "Rowena, no,” Dean protests “You got so many people killed the last time."
He sets the plates in front of Castiel and Jack just as Josephine is bringing over the two chicken burgers. He falls into the empty fourth chair next to Castiel and pokes him in the shoulder. "Boy's night on Thursday, you in?"
These were the last of the applications. Excellent schools, but Cas had initially hesitated on them for one reason or another, mostly location or cost. The mindlessness of filling in the personal information was something he thought maybe he could handle today. The repetitive motion of moving the pen over paper, writing the same things over and over -  a nuisance on any other day - seemed to be exactly what Cas needed to keep everything else at bay. It was either this or crawl into a fetal position in bed and cry some more. Cas couldn’t handle that. He had typed copies of his personal statements and essays and letters of evaluation ready to stuff in envelopes. Now it was just about writing out all the demographics on the forms, and of course the envelopes to address and checks to write for the application fees.
Dean began, fingering a simple melody and started in with the first verse, eyes still closed as if to shut out everything else in the room.
want Cas?” Dean needed to hear it.
fucking stops.”
His father and Michael had always been cold and disapproving, even before they knew he was queer. Once Cas was found out, they made it abundantly clear that in their eyes he was an abomination. The family curse. Unworthy. It actually made it easier for Cas to look to a future with them in the rearview. Besides, he nurtured the hope that Rachel at least still cared for him - that one day they would be able to visit and laugh and be siblings again.
This was stupid he told himself. These were just common phrases, ordinary words that normal,
**********
“Jerk!”
Dean stood his ground, staring back, his lips quirking into a smile, “You heard wrong Cletus. I ain't your boy and I don’t take it, I
It was a mess, Dean thought, heartsick for them both as he got up to make a pot of coffee. He found himself waking up to a deep melancholy. The sadness he felt about Sam’s state colored every thought of him and Cas. If Sam, who had everything going for him couldn’t make things work, then how could a fuck up like him hope to make anything last with Cas?
“You would know Benny, you massive dick!” Dean chuckled.
he’d said as he writhed under Dean’s body.
who originally thought about pursuing it as a career. Once expressed, his father just served to catapult him into the position at school. The desire to be a doctor...to help and heal people...that had been all
Neither man spoke. Dean stared at the floor as if looking for the words at his feet. When he looked up, Cas was staring at Dean with red-rimmed eyes, trying to hold back tears that threatened to fall.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Jesus Benny!” Dean said, wide eyed, shaking his head. “This is so fucked up. I just thought if I could see if he’s all right, you know?....But he’s got fucking track marks on his arm. He’s dropped out of school. He’s not okay Benny.”
“What about us Cas...are we...fixable?”
Dean passed most of the night, legs struggling in the tangled sheet, muttering incoherent syllables and crying out with a start, half waking and drifting back down. Every instinct made Cas want to get Dean up, lead him to his bed and settle in next to him, the better to soothe his brow with a cloth and kisses and gently stroke his arm and whisper reassurances to him when in the throes of a fevered dream. The better to feed the touch-starved part of himself that could only be nourished by Dean. It was selfishness, he knew.
They promised it to each other, whispered ‘forever’ between stolen kisses during the day and when they desperately clung to each other in the night, bodies tangled in sweat and languid from their lovemaking. It was as real and valid as anyone else’s union, and Dean had wanted to take Cas everywhere and hold his hand and shout to the world that this was
“Our apartment. I had the landlord check in but he isn’t there. I called his job but he didn’t show up, I thought he might be with you.”
Dean accepted a Coke and had a seat on Cas’s sofa. Cas pretended not to notice as Dean looked around at the room, appraising it.
“Come with me.” Dean urged again.
“Take care of Sam. I’ll call you as soon as I can.” Cas pulled Dean in for a tight hug.
“Uh…” Dean pulled the gift slowly from behind his back, presenting it to Cas, “I saw this in the drugstore and thought of you...and you know..the bee thing,” Dean shrugged, turning red and looking like he might just squirm away.
Dean thought…”umm...it was a diner, or a food stand, I think. Cas must have driven us there. I don’t remember leaving the park, but we were at a drive-in ….and then he was pressing ice into my hands.”
It had started to rain, and Dean watched as the lights of the city grew halos of mist.
Dean knew he was messed up. The flashbacks were a more rare occurrence than when he first came back from the war, but Dean still had episodes where for days or weeks at a time he couldn’t find a spark of happiness inside him. He was, as he’d remarked to Benny, just shoveling snow. How long could he pretend to Cas that everything could be the way it once was?
Crowley nodded thoughtfully, grabbing the bottle of Jack. “Old Number Seven.” he said pouring a shot, “I know it’s fucking blasphemy where I come from but I prefer the rawness of it now to anything else.”
Dean realized they had been there for almost two hours, having ordered only eight cups of coffee and one slice of pie. He determined to leave a big tip.
Dean was shaking.
”  The words hung over Dean for a moment like smoke in a windless sky.
Dean froze with his hand on the dial, a sudden chill down his back.
Cas kept one hand stroking Dean’s cock, the other moving swiftly to grip his face, fingers pressing firmly into one cheek, his thumb on the other, giving him complete control over Dean’s mouth, pulling his chin up until Dean could only stare back into Cas’s dark eyes.
and tonight, if only for a few hours, Cas was
"What, you don't think I can do manual labor?" Cas had asked.
“I like the drinking and screwing part,” Cole offered, amused.
. It echoed through the next ten years of his life before he finally made it home.”
“Gross.” Sam rolled his eyes, plopping down next to Dean on the couch again and grabbing another slice of pizza. “Come on Romeo, find a game on TV or something.”
“Cas!” Dean cried out looking up past the bodies to Cas’s silhouette in the distance.
Cas forced himself to breathe against the knot in his throat….fought against the goddamn water in his eyes, threatening to surge. He couldn’t look at Dean. Dean blamed
“There’s a reason they’re called bored games Sam.”
Dean was excited to move home to Sam, but at the same time fearful. Valens had become a haven for him. He tried to conceal the emotion that welled inside him. He couldn’t remember when he had become so fucking soft.
“What was that Angel?” Dean asked smiling.
...that and how much I love to see you smile….You’re so beautiful Cas.”
Dean even found a few races locally to wet his feet again and Garth and his family came out to root for him on a borrowed bike. There was nothing like the feeling of pushing a bike as fast as it could go. Dean thought it must be as close to flying as you could get without wings. Still, he knew things were different...
Dean left unspoken.
- it didn’t matter - all the accusations the world hurled at him would fall away like unexploded ordnance compared to the one he was most afraid of - the one he hurled at himself. He was killing Cas...he’d nearly done it before...maybe Cas was right about the blood this time but he could see the strain in Cas’s face, the hurt in his eyes. Dean was
“What?!
“Where is it?”
“Right,” Dean nodded more to himself. Looking back at her he added, “Okay, thank you,” and made his way back to the lot.
They had met in college in the same horticultural program. Stephen was in research. His goal was to one day have an herb farm and vineyard. Rachel joked that he was great at cross-breeding varieties but crap at design so was smart to keep romancing her, but he needed no encouragement on that front. Cas could see the way they looked at each other.
Still blinking he looked around unsure of his surroundings. A snore from across the room drew his attention to a sleeping form sprawled on a loveseat.
Dean shrugged.
“Okay then...when? Where?”
Balthazar let out a hesitant breath.
“It was ‘sun-kissed.” Stevie was chuckling as she came back to the kitchen.
“Can I just speak to him for a minute?” Dean pressed.
He recovered, his lips quirking into a sly smile, “I have to admit.. the image of
“HEY CAS! LOOK!”
,” she had said….He felt the color drain from his face as he turned slowly to look at her.….staring for a moment, eyes narrowed at Mildred, who somehow
The dodgy look in the man’s eyes and the way he quickly started walking away told Dean he did, despite declaring “No man, sorry.”
"Mr. Novak-"
Bobby’s got me going to San Francisco tomorrow for the whole week and I should've said no, cause what if Sam’s in bad shape again?”
“You too Tommy?” Cas said in mock offense.
“How’s things my brother?”
“You okay Sammy?”
“Dean, this is my sister..” He said stepping forward and motioning for Rachel to do the same.
Cas didn’t know what to say. “Thank you...for telling me that,” Cas said finally to break the silence.
A heavy sigh rattled from Dean’s chest and he nuzzled his head into the crook of Cas’s neck. After a moment Cas pulled away to flash a smile at Dean. He wanted so badly to kiss him properly, to lift the shirt over his head and arms and press Dean back into the cushions or better yet, take Dean to his bed, letting his hands and fingers roam along the firm muscles of his chest and arms, laying kisses along the path from Dean’s breastbone to his navel and beyond. But Dean needed to rest and the last thing Cas needed was to end up sick like Dean and have to postpone whatever it was he had in mind by “starting over.”
confirmation from Cas.
“When did you learn to do that?” Cas asked.
“Anything but
Cas shrugged, ducking his head shyly.
Over an hour later, yet still too soon it seemed, the movie was over. Dramatic music blaring. Credits rolling. Their conversation stifled, as if both parties were afraid to go on without the excuse of the movie to share.
Dean nodded….“Counted breaths….Stepped outside...Counted 5 things I could see that I wouldn’t see over there.”
“It's so good to see you.” He said, pulling her soft body close, a note of genuine longing in his voice. “You look beautiful.”
love you Dean,” Cas gasped as Dean swirled his tongue again over the sensitive nub. "...thought you would..
“Wow!” Hannah laughed. “Did Cas smile back at you?”
"I can't do this again Rufus. I can't spill my guts to someone new all over again."
“It’s about forty-five minutes from here but I’m told it's very scenic.”
Personal note - "Sol Invictus" is kind of a mantra that has helped me and some others I know through difficult times. Occasionally I've found it useful to create a henna figure of a sun on my wrist when I've needed extra reminding to fight through something. I've thought about making one permanent. It kind of struck me how in the show Dean and Sam's anti- possession tattoos are similar to the blazing sun symbol and while this Dean isn't getting a tattoo (at least I haven't decided to give him one  - maybe) I thought the sentiment was one he might need.
“Ahh - whattaya gonna do. Shit happens. You love some, you lose some,” Gabriel fixed Cas with a stare, pointing, “You
“I like this place Cas,” Dean's eyes, still tracing a path around the furnishings approvingly.
Dean was able to step away from the bar giving himself more room before the third man could react or the others could regroup.
“I’m Dean,” he said. “Cas’s...Cas’s friend.”
Dean said before he even realized it.
Sébastien, B. 82 Germania St, Apt 12B, (415) 555 - 4794
Well, Dean supposed that was fair.
As time went on Dean didn’t always have the urge to chime in to the conversation, but he also didn’t feel like a deep secret kept him from it. Things between Benny and him were good, and probably, Dean reasoned because he didn’t seem like some standoffish asshole, he actually became closer to some of the other guys in the group. He couldn’t say that he was “happy” but over the course of the next few months he had more of what he thought of as happy “moments” than he had in a long time. Dean was slowly finding a rhythm in life again, and with that rhythm those around him occasionally got a glimpse of the old Dean, cocky, flirtatious, self-assured. He found he looked forward to the things he did each day at the shop -  helping people, fixing things  - instead of just trying to escape the day.
“I can’t wait to see you again. I wish...” Dean’s voice was low and deep and yearning.
Before they’d left, he’d handed Cas a backpack to strap on but refused to tell him what was inside until they got to their destination.
“Cas…” Dean started, turning to him.
“And Cas…..” Dean hesitated, “I have no right to ask...but,” Dean looked him in the eyes, there was no easy way to ask. He of all people didn't want to make Cas feel judged, not after the things Dean had done to himself - but the image of Cas unconscious - half dead and forgotten on the floor of some shithole apartment had been haunting him since that day at the hospital.
“Well, I better get going.” Dean said reluctantly. “If you ever need me. Just call.”
“It’ll be okay,” he whispered, as much to himself as to her, and felt her nod against his shoulder, both of them knowing full well there were no promises.
They finished their drinks and Cas grabbed a small cooler for the car. Not knowing where they could get something for lunch (and now that he was down to one job) Cas had packed sandwiches and drinks for them both.
Cas glanced sideways at Dean again and thought about how Dean had changed. There was a sharpness to his face there hadn’t been when they met all those years ago. It was more than time. The weight of all Dean had carried had carved years into his brow, chiseled and sharpened the contours of his cheeks and jaw. Dean had aged more than was fair. He looked older than Cas now. War and struggle would do that to you. Believing it's your responsibility to protect and provide for everyone you loved would do that to you. Feeling like you were never enough would do that to you.
Over the next hour or so they made small talk, Dean detailing all of Baby’s specs for Cas. He was certain that Cas drifted off a few times. Dean chided himself for boring him, wishing he had something besides cars he could talk so easily about - again that lack of education coming back to haunt him. He imagined Balthazar having all kinds of interesting worldly topics to talk about. And yet - he knew that Cas had never cared about all that stuff. That wasn't why they'd connected. It had always been easy with Cas, so why was he so nervous now? Maybe it was because Dean was afraid now that Cas had a chance to see the world beyond him, he'd want something more.
Cas cleared his throat and pretended to read again, looking unseeing at the scramble of words on the page. He stole a glance at Dean. He lay still, his eyes closed, lips pressed together. Cas, saw him pull at the corners of his eyes with his fingers. Cas thought he should just get up and change the song. Instead he closed his own eyes letting it play, facing the emotion - letting it all wash over him - maybe then the sadness could finally ebb out to sea.
“Hello?”
Cas’s breaths came in ragged stutters as Dean edged him through his jeans. He gazed at Dean, lips parted, eyes wide.
a wicked grin broke over him,
“How’ve you been?”
Dean almost made it to the next yard when a strong hand gripped him by the wrist, stopping him in his tracks.
Dean looked at the clock again. It was almost ten. He wondered if he called if Cas would answer. The last person he wanted to hear pick up was Balthazar. Still, if Dean didn’t get dressed and on the road soon he thought he might scream, just to hear the sound of his own voice. He got up and grabbed the phone, pulling its long cord so that he could sit with it on the couch and dialed Cas’s number.
“We were seventeen. Will was everything to me. He was funny and sweet and just the best brother." She smiled sadly, letting out a little laugh. "I adored him.” Hannah inhaled, her voice tight as she continued.
Cas could feel the heat that sprang to his face. He hated the thought that Charlie could see it all over him. Grudgingly he nodded at her, though his jaw was still tight.
Unlike last night, Dean fondly put up with Cas fussing over him when he insisted on getting a thermometer reading or that Dean take meds. Dean really wasn’t well enough to ride home yet so Cas pulled the long cord of the phone from the side table so he could call Bobby himself about being out again tomorrow and was relieved when Bobby told him the shop was slow and they were waiting on a parts order so to just rest up and “let Cas take care of you.”
“Sounds good,” Cas smiled, “See you then.”
Dean wet his lips unconsciously and Cas’s own lips quirked into a shy smile in response.
“I want us to do a family thing this year, we could invite Gabriel if you are okay with it but if not I still want it to be you and me, and if it's okay Stephen."
You need to decide what you want.”
Benny nodded, "Okay, good...well there's no magic spell that works all the time....And now?” he asked, hand rubbing Dean’s shoulder.
to someone’s advances.
One night Dean went home as usual, showered, and flopped on the couch to flip through the TV guide. The phone rang. It was Cas.
“Keep your candle lit Dean. We’re gonna miss you, but we’ll be here whenever you need us.”
“Okay.”
The drinks kept coming. Glancing around the room, Benny, his experience in these matters vast, could tell almost by looking now who was drunk, who was stoned and who was tripping. Cas was merely buzzed and Balthazar well on his way to being inebriated. Dean was...well Dean was stone cold sober which was good, but he was closing off...going under. Sam was telling Cas about the new bike Dean was building, but Dean, rather than pick up the lead just nodded distractedly and took another pull on his beer.
“Heh,” Sam shrugged his shoulders in an unexpected uncertain response and Dean snapped to attention, abandoning his focus on the shot he was about to take and turning his full attention to Sam.
He smiled and reached to pat Cas on the back, his hand lingering a little more than needed, before sitting down again and taking a drink. Benny had ordered him another beer. Dean felt his leg brush up against Cas’s under the table and this time, neither did anything about it.
someone. Not since that first year away at college when everyone else went home for the holidays and he stuck it out at school. Like young Ebenezer Scrooge banned from his family, he'd been alone.  He was grateful for Rachel’s initiative but then he realized, what about Dean? Would starting over mean they could spend the holiday together? What exactly did Dean mean by starting over? As lovers? As live-in partners? Or did Dean think of it as just as friends since their last encounter resulted in Dean making hurtful declarations and storming off?
He knew better of course, but during the night Cas found himself thinking about and looking at Dean as if they could just pick up where they left off before that awful day when Dean left for boot camp. As he scrunched himself into the adjacent chair, glancing at Dean’s sometimes resting, sometimes restless form, the dim light and quiet droning of the television, the only other company in the room, he could pretend that Dean was still his, and he was still Dean’s. He thought back to Dean’s words and hoped it wasn’t fevered ravings. Then again, Cas knew no matter what, he
Cas perked up. “Sorry if it got weird.”
"Dean?"
Dean is Deaning again, everyone hurts, and Sammy is a good brother.
Multicolored disco balls hung from the ceiling all around the room reflecting a rainbow of colors across walls, clothing, and faces. Cas laughed as a strand of rainbow light stretched across Dean’s cheek to his brow.
“Good then,” Cas smiled, “Have you ever seen the Sutter Buttes?”
’ her name tag read.
“Holy shit Cas!” Dean shook his head, a half-laugh escaping as he continued to catch his breath. “Please tell me you’re not gonna apologize for pulling some of the hottest shit I’ve ever experienced in my life!”
“Ready?” he asked.
“Was she with a guy?”
“Do you want to be free of the pain Dean? Free of the soul-ache that torments you?”
Cas’s mind automatically flew to the last time he lost something important to him because someone had called him out. His landlord evicted him, but Dean had welcomed him into his apartment, into his bed, and into his heart. It was their first and last home together.
“Hey, don’t sweat it. It’s not like it’s a date or anything,” Dean laughed nervously. “ It’s just...you know…” Dean winced, “
Dean grabbed a rag and looked at Bobby, wiping some grease from his hands.
“What are you gonna do Dean?” Sam laughed “Watch him sleep? You always complain about how creepy that is.”
I’m sorry Sammy...I can’t talk about it right now.”
Cas vouched for them smiling down at the pair, “They remembered to say trick or treat and thank you at every house.”
There was a long pause.
The man caught Cas’s shocked eyes from the mirror, smiling, knowing Cas understood the code. “You don’t think it’s his kind of thing do you - your date?” he chuckled, looking surprised. “Believe me honey, I know it when I see it and that guy’s practically begging for someone to take control.”
Dean let out an exhausted sigh, more like a sob, his hands trembling slightly.  Cas pulled him in, wrapping his arms around him. “Shhhh...it’s okay.” He let go, grabbing the other cup, still filled with ice water and handing it to Dean. “Drink this.”
of all people on your knees for someone is hot.”
Dean was a hundred and ninety percent sure this was a mistake, and yet his feet were moving despite him, across the lawn to the apartment building entrance, every nerve tingling with fear and longing and regret. Halfway to the door he glanced up again. The silhouette of a woman formed near the window…
After what seemed like an eternity, a doctor appeared. Balthazar stood as the man spoke to him in hushed tones. Dean tried to listen but his vision was shifting in strange ways.
“You wanna know what I think Dean?”
“It was at the drive-in.”
Cas didn’t stop, instead leading Dean by the hand up the stairs, pushing open the door to his apartment and pulling Dean in with him, leading him over to the couch.
Dean went back to the couch and Cas brought out a light blanket draping it over him.
Cas had still harbored some feelings towards his father, until the day of the will reading. Michael was their father’s executor and made sure Castiel received an invitation. He arrived at the attorney's office to see Michael and Gabriel waiting. Rachel had left immediately after the funeral returning to a semester abroad. Gabriel gave him a tight-lipped nod but Michael refused to acknowledge his presence in any way.
**********
Dean dried off and threw on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt then went to check on Cas.
Dean sighed. “I want to. I don’t know why I get this way. It’s just Cas deserves better...always has.”
“That’s….
“That’s it baby!” Dean praised as he felt Cas’s first hot burst of come spill over onto both of their stomachs and into his hand, continuing to stroke him as burst after burst issued from his cock - Cas’s muscles clenching and fluttering around him bringing Dean finally over the edge.
“Yeah?”
“This was nice.” Dean said, not wanting the evening to end.
lives. I just wanted to make sure he’s okay. Please tell him I called. If he doesn’t want to call me, I get it.”
“Yeah.”
Dean hadn't been thinking straight back then, thought he was doing what was best for Cas at the time, but he was starting to understand the gravity of what he did by leaving Cas with no word, no answers, nothing but endless ‘what ifs?’ What had he been doing these last months if not picking at old wounds and then running away?
Dean jumped off the tiny stage and returned to the table where the smiling waitress congratulated them and brought fresh drinks. Jess kissed his cheek, Sammy and Benny slapped him on the back and Cas grabbed his shoulder, squeezing with his fingers.
“Yeah..okay sweetheart,” Dean smiled, laying a kiss in his hair.
“Wish everyone there a Happy Thanksgiving for me then.”
Mildred grabbed Dr. Inias’s forearm with both hands, squeezing, “Thank you doctor.”
Dean stood, white as a ghost, struggling against too shallow breaths. He had to get out of the room. He considered bursting into the ward to follow after them but then was overcome by a retching sensation so turned at the last moment making for the doors to the outside world instead. He burst outside and leaned against the brick wall near the entrance, sliding down until he was crouched, elbows on his knees and face in his hands.
“I’m not my brother’s dating service.”
Castiel floated outside himself but found he was nodding hypnotically before a reflexive surge of panic set in.
Cas laughed, turning redder.
Dean, winced, closing his eyes, lips tightening.
“Heh,” Dean chuckled resting his head against Cas’s chest.
“I’m gonna have to run 20 miles to burn off all of this,” Cas waved at the remnants of the food they’d consumed.
Dean rounded the corner and saw Cas step away from the sandwich truck and crouch near the entrance to the alley where the vet was still huddled. He saw Cas pass the man what looked like a cup of coffee and a sandwich, exchanging a few words before standing upright again.
….that seemed a lifetime ago.
“..Maybe.”
Rufus didn’t know why, but there was something nagging at him about Dean’s story. A missing piece to the picture he was forming in his mind.
Cas. Wanted to go up on one of those Apollo missions one day..... He could have done
As for Fred, after he enlisted and fought in the war he came to the job briefly, but he never really felt like he returned home either. Not right away. Even worse because it looked like home, and all the people expected him to be just fine, but some wounds were deeper, invisible, and nobody could understand why he was acting so damaged. So he quit his job and drifted for a while, but not forever.
Dean hung up the phone regretting his suggestion of a group gathering. How could he ever say the things he needed to say with a table full of people? Yet he was sure Cas would never want to see him again on his own. He would have to find a way to suck it up before Saturday.
swimming in it, but that wasn’t the reason.
“The last person who owes me anything Cas is you. Just needed to make sure you were okay. Guess I could’a fucked your life up more in the process.”
But Cas didn’t look at him with revulsion, or disgust, or blame. Cas looked at him with eyes wide and blue as the sea and pulled him close, sighing his name.
“It’s not yours either. You did the right thing.”
Dean’s eyes went wide. “Dude I am so freaking turned on right now!” he told Cas as in the background Robert Plant belted out “You need Cooooolin! Baby I’m not Foooolin!.......”
consisted in reaching out and taking Cas firmly by the waist... pulling him close...sinking back onto the couch, Cas falling on top of him, at long last pressing their lips together. They didn’t need to drive anywhere...Dean would be happy just staying here with Cas.
now -
“Oh….have you heard from her, Jessica I mean?”
Alfie had just sat up to grab a cup of coffee. “Nice meeting you Castiel,” he smiled.
Dean looked over suddenly, “How did you even know where to find me?”
Cas rolled his eyes, “Of course I trust you.” He uttered it like a decision he’d just made.
Cas’s eyes lit up as he smiled, then chuckled, shaking his head and taking another sip of his drink as he cast his eyes down towards the dance floor on the lower level and blushed slightly. Dean’s heart leapt. Cas looked so
Cas’s hands clutched at Dean, wildly grasping for any part of him he could touch, caress, massage with his fingers as he moaned Dean’s name again and again. Dean slipped in a third finger, flexing and stretching them against Cas’s tight rim, prepping him for his cock even as Dean fluttered his tongue along the underside of Cas’s.
Castiel nods, and as he's reaching forward to end the call he says, "I love you both."
Charlie rolls her eyes again and leans over to press her lips to his in a quick greeting, red curls bouncing over her shoulders as she rolls back onto her heels. "I would love nothing more, unfortunately you don't own the right equipment, and you're much too high maintenance for me."
Inside his bedroom he leaves his dirty clothes on the floor and climbs into bed. It's seconds before he's joined by Castiel and Benny - Castiel curled around Dean's side with his arm flung over Dean's belly, Benny around Castiel's back with his arm flung over them both.
? Or how about you being an angel of the fucking lord?”
He takes Bobby aside after lunch, before he goes back to the computer and asks, "Do we know each other?"
Castiel goes to find a pair of pants and Dean scoots back further towards Benny to make space for him when he's ready, pulling the quilt back so it's open for Castiel when he's ready to climb in. Benny's got his face pressed into the back of Dean's neck when Castiel finally joins them (and Dean's also pretty sure he's asleep), with at least a foot of space between them.
The first thing Castiel asks - before either of the archangels have spoken, their faces turned towards Rowena as if they thought she was the one that had summoned them - is "Where's Kelly?"
While he sits in the Impala waiting for it to heat up and melt the thin layer of frost on the windows he checks his phone again, just for something to do. Benny hasn't replied, so he checks his Facebook, likes a new photo of Mary that Sam's posted, scrolls through the for sales in the classic car group he's in, then gets bored and shoves his phone into his back pocket. He reaches over to the glove box and finds the tape labelled
It's entirely possible that fucking Castiel in the middle of a Bolivian rainforest is probably
The doorbell rings, and Mary's face scrunches up, like she's going to cry, so he picks her up and takes her to answer the door. Castiel is standing there, Claire and Jack behind him, and he grins brightly when he sees Dean. "Hey." Dean wants to kiss him. "C'mon in, Benny and Sam are in the kitchen, Eileen's in the bathroom with Deanna."
Dean shakes his head. “Uh-uh. Drive us home and I’ll just transport myself to the bathroom. Besides, I don’t think I can get into the truck with my wings.”
"Okay, ow," Dean says, kicking his leg out to dig his toes into Castiel's hip in retaliation as the angel climbs up onto the bed with him. Castiel sits across Dean's thighs and leans over to kiss him again, clutching Dean's face in his hands. When Castiel trails a line of kisses down Dean's chin, to his throat, Dean hums and says, "Say it again."
"That's the nicest way anyone's said that she's lost her mind," Dean jokes, bumping his shoulder into Castiel's. When he looks at Benny again, he's smiling at them, and Dean's not sure why, but he likes it. Dean turns to Castiel then and says, "Hey, Benny and I've been talking. Wait - do I need to give you the poly talk, too?"
Dean and Castiel part, and with the hand in Castiel's hair, Dean guides him towards Benny, watching them as they kiss. He reaches over with his free hand and traces the shape of their lips together with his thumb until it gets sucked into Benny's mouth.
Castiel pays and they eat the half-n-half pepperoni and Supreme in front of an old episode of
When Dean looks over at Cas he doesn't seem that upset about having to stay in town any longer, and all he says, after a shrug, is, "It's not the end of the world. I'll have to figure out what to do with Jack and Claire though. I was only supposed to be here for two weeks."
"She was good like that," Dean replies, reaching down to squeeze Castiel's knee. He looks over at Benny, who's watching them, an unreadable expression on his face. When Benny sees him watching, his mouth turns up into a gentle smile, foot kicking out to touch Dean's shin gently. "Me and Sam would spend the night if John had locked us out of the house and we couldn't find Bobby." Benny's still watching them and Dean wonders if he feels left out of the conversation - a conversation about someone he never met, and only ever heard about through the people around him.
Dean’s been fingering himself longer than Castiel has - so even with the pretty distraction that Castiel makes split on his fingers - he still finishes before Castiel. He wipes the lube on his fingers off as best he can with a tissue from the box on the bedside table and just sits back and watches Castiel as much as he likes.
"That's it, sweetheart, you feel so good on my dick," Dean grumbles, nose sliding into the crook of Castiel's neck, breathing in the smell of him. He's different now that he's no longer human, he smells different, but Dean swears when he puts his nose to the artery under Castiel's jaw he can smell the forest in autumn, the winter sunshine under all that angelic power. He scrapes his teeth over the flesh where a werewolf's mating gland would be and Castiel groans deep in his chest.
Kelly settles into one of the bar stools while Dean goes to the fridge peering inside. "We've got left over pasta, or some chicken - could make you a sandwich?" After Kelly decides on the pasta, Dean goes about heating it up for her.
Dean frowns, tilting his head to the side again. He's not quite sure what's stumping him so much. Anyone raised as a shapeshifter should know that other creatures were out there. Unless he’s more like Dean than he thought. Did his family die when he was young, like Dean's had? "You said you didn't know. When I asked if you were a shapeshifter. What did you mean by that?"
Dean rubs his face, blinks over at Castiel and says, "I need you to send a portal for us. I'll explain it when we get there."
Benny groans. "C'mon cher, before I get old and gray."
He goes through the basket of clean laundry Sam had placed on his bed that morning, which he had gone out of his way to avoid putting in the closet. He finds a shirt he's pretty sure is Dean's (or at least
Dean shrugs. "Yeah, but not like that, most of it I have memorised anyway, so it's sort of automatic." Castiel's staring at him, a small smile tilting the corners of his mouth, and Dean says, "What?"
-*-*-
Dean’s face nuzzles into Castiel’s throat, pressing gentle kisses to Castiel’s skin, a contradiction to the hard thrust of his dick. Lightning shoots through Castiel’s body, stings of pleasure that make Castiel feel electric. He doesn’t think it’ll take much to make him come, or that Dean will even need to touch his cock. Dean’s wings flutter behind him, and Castiel really wants to reach out and touch them, but with his arms held down he’s immobile, unable to do anything other than look. They’re so dark, inky black but almost iridescent when the moonlight hits the feathers just right.
"Wonderful!" Castiel says, clapping his hands together. "I would like to do that as well."
They break apart after a moment when Castiel's chest is tight with the need to breathe, and he falls back against the pillows, body heaving. He's just about to say something to Dean when Sam yells from the other room.
There's nuance to the situation Dean doesn't understand. He doesn't think she would have told him something like that if there wasn't, so he just sighs, nods his head and turns to look at her. "Hold it until Castiel's done."
Castiel nods his head, stands up from the table with the chow mein and goes in search of Dean. He finds him in the
The guys in the shop gave him a wave as Dean took off up the stairs. Throwing his backpack on the table of the studio apartment he crashed down on the bed, leaning back against the headboard and lit a cigarette.
Books were easy, they could channel his thoughts to something outside of his own pathetic existence and let him focus on something bigger. If the narrative turned too dark he could pick up another.
“What do you mean?”
“Thanks Fred...G’night.” Dean watched as Fred closed his eyes and relaxed back into the pillows before leaving the doorway.
Dean clutched the edges of Cas’s shirt with shaking hands and pulled until he had it over his head, Cas pulling his arms free and tossing it aside. Dean’s hand now went to the front of Cas’s jeans, near the button of his waistband, to sit low on his stomach, where Dean slowly, slowly as if mapping the terrain of Cas’s abdomen with touch alone, let his fingers press into soft skin over toned muscle. Cas sat with lips parted, eyeing Dean as he slid his hand higher, his fingers splaying to take in as much of Cas as he could.
“No fair,” Cas said, pulling away again only to pull up at Dean’s shirt until it too was discarded and forgotten, tossed somewhere in the front seat. “Need to feel you too.
Dean hummed pleasantly remembering the dream of the house with the picket fence. “Flowers or vegetable gardens?”
**********
“Didn’t you finish that car yet?”
Cas shivered as he allowed Dean to shift him this way and that until Dean could pull the covers over him. Dean sat on the edge of the bed and briskly rubbed up and down Cas’s arms and back to warm him. After a few minutes, the shuddering breaths stopped and Cas settled once again into a regular breathing pattern. Dean felt Cas’s forehead again. It was less clammy. His skin returning some warmth and Dean ran his fingers back gently to smooth away Cas’s sweat-soaked hair.
“Castiel, Castiel Novak.”
Inias nodded, “Believe it or not, that might even be the trickier part of his recovery. He ruptured a disc in his lower back and he's going to need a hip replacement. It’s going to take a delicate balance of rest and physical therapy.” He turned to Mildred again, “Your husband will likely need to use a wheelchair for the first few weeks.”
Dean’s eyes relentlessly held him, diving deep inside him, reaching beyond skin and blood and bone. Cas’s body couldn’t help but be stirred by it.
“Dean, what do you feel?” Cas repeated gently, looking up into Dean’s face from where he knelt next to him, trying to catch his eyes.
“Sam, Jess and I are meeting him and his….”
The man leered inching further into Dean’s face. “So what, is Crowley tryna throw us out so he can give you a little something up your ass boy? Cause I heard that’s where John Winchester’s boy likes it."
Finally he looked up across the circle at Benny who was leaning forward, resting his forearms on his knees and smiling back at him with a tilted smile.
Cas glanced at the ground near their feet for a second, then looked back to Dean with clear eyes. “No - just me. - Balthazar, he’s...well he’s staying. We’re uh....It was time for me to leave.”
Hell yeah! Sam was too into it to even care that Dean was gonna torment him forever. They played that song three times that night. It was maybe the first time in a long time that Sam had seen pure joy on Dean’s face. The first time since before the war, after a race, when he was with Cas. After that Dean and Jess sang a lot. Sam thought about getting some bongos for himself or at least cutting the ribbons in the future, but Jess insisted they stay.
Dean moved his fingers over the top of Cas’s cock, blocking the warm thick ropes of semen as they pulsed from him - letting it coat his fingers. Dean brought his other hand to cover Cas’s head, gently milking him,  - protecting him from the spray as he brought his come-coated fingers to his mouth, sucking each in deep and savoring the musky scent and taste.
“You’re gonna be a great doctor Cas.”
“This is stupid Sammy.” Dean closed his eyes, shaking his head. “I don’t think I can do this. I’m not here to fuck up Cas’s life with what’s his name. This was a mistake.” Dean said, looking for the exit.
“I’m told I have a familiar face,” he said to cover.
Dean’s fingers found Cas’s other nipple and rolled the tip between his fingers and rubbed gently, as he sucked, Dean’s body thrumming... Everything he’d been needing was right here, holding him, sliding beneath him, loving him back. Dean broke off, turning to switch sides - taking Cas’s other nipple into his mouth, earning another moan and squirm from Cas who pressed his hips upward to rub his erection against Dean.
Dean found himself nodding despite the fact that Sam couldn’t see him. “Hey Sammy, one more thing. Can you look up Novak in the Sacramento phone book?”
Crowley backed away, even though the bar already stood between him and the men.
Dean sat up, shifting to position himself between Cas’s legs and lowering himself, teasing the tip of Cas’s cock along the slit with his tongue. He moaned softly, delighting in the taste of the precum that had leaked there.
For years, Cas hadn’t known what happened to Dean. It was torture. Even as he tried to move on, part of him held out hope that he'd wake up one day, open the door and see Dean standing there. Dean would explain, he might even ask forgiveness but it wouldn’t even matter. None of it would matter because Cas would throw his arms around him and it would all be okay again - because if there was only one universal truth in all creation it was that Castiel Novak loved Dean Winchester.
“This Saturday?”
“Yeah,” he laughed. “I just...I mean
“Michael always invites me to his family’s house. I am sure I will get an invitation again but I am so angry about what he did to you that I’m not going. I'm just sorry about not seeing the kids. I love being an aunt. Do you think he will poison their minds against me?"
Their tongues tangled and twirled round each other again and again, as Dean explored the little places inside Cas where he’d forgotten he could feel, the sensations running through Cas’s spine to the depths of his belly where it twisted and curled and seemed to awaken something warm, and ancient, and powerful.
When he met Dean back in the spring of 1973 Rufus saw a young man, who like so many other Vets returning from war had been thrown back into a society he wasn’t equipped anymore to navigate. Hypervigilance, essential to a troop on patrol in the trenches of the Marne or the jungles of Vietnam, was incompatible with civilian life. Once that switch was flipped in the crucible of war, it was sometimes hard to reverse without help.
Dean’s heart was pounding, and though he’d never admit to liking disco outside of this club, the cheesy music wasn’t all that terrible to dance to with Cas looking drop-dead gorgeous in his arms. He ventured a hand to Cas’s chest and felt Cas’s heart racing as well. Cas grabbed Dean’s hand from his chest, bringing it up to his mouth, teasing his fingertips with his lips and teeth. Dean made a mental note to send Jess flowers for suggesting this. This was better than he ever thought it could be.
When you left all those years ago it felt like part of me died. I didn’t understand what I had done wrong - why I drove you away. I should have known it was the war but I felt so sad and helpless. I felt like I had let you down. I thought if there was just something I could do to make things turn out differently I could fix it.
Dean asked, confused. “No, why the hell would he be with me?”
Dean’s skin turned cold and wet as he tore at his hair with his hands.
“Right now I have a sweet deal, she’s determined to marry me off to one of her granddaughters, so plies me with extra food every time I go.”
that things could be different...that maybe we could be together. I was wrong, okay? He's better off without me.”
“You got the Price is Right here?” Dean asked hopefully. His face was drained of color and he looked exhausted, but he was speaking more clearly.
Jenny collapsed into a ball of giggles at Cas’s feet. Hannah smiled as Cas offered a hand to pull Jenny back up.
Balthazar walked past, moving to the bedroom where he began hastily throwing things into a duffle bag. Cas followed him.
bleeding but it's just a scratch. You’re not hallucinating again, see?” Cas tilted his head so Dean could see where the scrape made him bleed. “You’re safe Dean. We’re both safe. It’s okay. We’re okay.”
Cas looked wide-eyed for a moment, then pressed his lips together and nodded. “Okay...you’re right...I am kind of a dreamy beefcake since you mention it,” Cas deadpanned.
he thought to himself.
or some such bullshit.
‘I'm managing for now, thanks. Hey Rachel can I call you tomorrow? I have to do a few things and it will give me time to think.’
“You shouldn’t walk home alone.” he said seriously.
Cas looked around the living room where he and Hanna had spent the evening hours watching game shows, Sonny and Cher, and now a movie. One network was showing
“I promise Dean.” Cas whispered back. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“In any case...the question is, if you love Cas so much, and he isn’t the cause of your episodes, then what are you going to do about it?”
"Yes." Dean whispered back, nuzzling into Castiel's neck. "I'm your's Cas."
“Yes Tommy,” he laughed “Just a second.” Cas knelt to re-tie little Jenny’s shoe for her when the sound of a motorcycle came roaring up the street toward them.
Cas sighed. “I can’t be with Balthazar...I’ve known for a long time I should have gotten out. He was a good friend to me, and he wanted more, but I never did feel the same way he did.” He looked away from her adding, “But what if it's the best I can do? What if….what if I just end up alone?” Cas shook his head, “I told you it's pathetic.”
“Thank you Cas. These feel kind of gross,” he said, grabbing at his ripening tee shirt, damp in places from sweat.
“SHIT! SHIT! Ohh God don’t do this! Don't do this!”
Cas slapped a hand on Dean’s back several times until his coughing stopped. For the life of him he couldn’t help laughing.
Dean went through it again in agonizing detail. He got up,  drank some coffee, made the drive. Cas’s apartment was homey. Cas was….Cas was
“Okay….so I want you to picture we’re both on the couch, really picture it..feel it in your mind. You’re probably laying down on your right side, your head on a pillow, am I right?”
Dean was just sitting back down, his brow furrowed, when Linda returned to the table with the change from their bill.
Dean thought, but given he’d just given Dean near a week no questions asked for being sick Dean felt he owed him this. He would find a way to be there for Sam in the off-hours. San Francisco wasn’t all that far after all.
It crossed Dean’s mind to call Cas later to set up that “raincheck” when he realized if Cas had moved, the number he had wouldn’t work. He supposed he could ask Jess if he gave her a new one, or maybe even call Rachel, but then he remembered that Cas had his number and if he wanted to talk to Dean he would probably call. Dean wasn’t used to being on the waiting end of things. It messed with his head. Dammit, he should have just gone with them anyway. Bobby would have understood. Dean felt so stupid. Between Cas’s brief visit and the end of the workday, he found a dozen different reasons why Cas would probably never call. Cas was just visiting with Jess and now Dean had gone and read too much into it.
The reprieve was short-lived, as the two other men grabbed Dean, one on each side. Fists were pummeling his ribs and stomach from both sides. His arms pinned by the men, Dean jerked his head back, catching one of the men in the face.
you weren’t.”
I realize I've been posting a lot more quickly than I anticipated. I figured I'd post this chapter today because I have about 19 chapters written so far (most that I need to review and clean up) and I was really happy that I finished writing a scene I had been putting off for a while because it wasn't coming to me. Would it be weird if I said Dean and Cas actually wrote it? Because that's what it felt like when the words and dialogue finally came.
Dean glanced over, eyebrows raised as he cocked his head.
Mildred made little attempt to hold back the tear that broke ranks from her eyelashes and ran down her cheek. There had been so many in the past ten hours, the muscles in her face were sore from trying. “They’re still evaluating him. He’s been sleeping for a while. He came out of radiology a while ago and the doctor gave him something for the pain. We can go check on him in a bit. Thank you for coming Dean, he’ll be so happy to see you.”
clearly enjoyed it rough - but he wanted Cas to know he could be more than that...
“I asked if we missed the turn….you okay?”
“And by the way, you don’t always have to be with someone. You said yourself you wanted to take time to figure things out. Be free Cas! Think about what you really want. Besides silly, you’re never gonna be
“Impala” Dean said without skipping a beat and grabbing the car door.
Dean peeled off his jacket, tossing it into the front seat, and used the sleeves of his henley to wipe the rain from his face. Cas followed, laying his jacket on the seatback.
“Thanks Dean...knew I could count on you. Take care boy. Call me from the office when you get a sense of things.”
Cas knew
Cas looked up at Dean, nodding agreement.
Dean felt the air full in his lungs as he took in a breath
Dean couldn’t bring himself to thank him. He wasn’t exactly overjoyed to be alive, but at the same time, he was glad he wasn’t dead. He tried not to think about the outcome if Fred hadn’t meddled. In hindsight, it kind of terrified him. He did agree to a game of cards though. Fred was good, it was the first time in a long time anyone had given Dean a run for his money. Before he left, Fred told him his change from the fare would be waiting for him with his personal belongings when he was ready to be discharged. Dean didn't know it yet, but Fred left the whole fare.
Cas led him by the hand and Dean followed, pulled along through the crowd, pausing occasionally until people shifted and the way opened, never letting go of Cas’s hand.
He knew that Jess loved Sam, but she had mentioned feeling like she deferred to his decisions too much and was losing something of herself in the process.
It was the deadliest lie.
Dean smiled, “Tell him I said congratulations. Thanks Bobby.”
“Rachel’s coming over in a bit to help make dinner and plan Thanksgiving. She insists I have to be part of the planning for some reason. Maybe she thinks I have some gay superpower for throwing a dinner party or something.”
Cas bit his lip turning away, his body shaking with silent laughter. Cas sighed loudly, finally composing himself, eyes tearing with mirth as he gave Dean a sympathetic smile, shaking his head slightly, “No Dean…”
“Eat your food, Beautiful,” Dean smirked, unscrewing the lid to the ketchup bottle and shaking some onto the plate.
“Isn’t that enough?”
Cas bristled, glowering at her.
Dean looked down embarrassed, but as he caught sight of Cas smiling warmly, raising his glass he couldn’t help but feel a creeping shame again. Cas shouldn’t be toasting him. He promised to take care of Cas. He left him instead. Cas put his hand on Dean’s and squeezed smiling and Dean looked up smiling tentatively back, daring to hope for forgiveness.
Happy Thanksgiving to those of you north of me and happy Indigenous People's Day to all of you in the US this week!
Next time - Cas spends a belated Thanksgiving with Dean's found family.
“Whatcha listening to?” She nodded towards the jukebox, lit up and flashing from Dean’s quarter, waiting for a selection. Dean hadn’t thought that far. He’d just been looking for a distraction.
Balthazar’s brow creased at the shortening of his name.
Sam looked at his feet ashamed, but nodded.
“Because I was FUCKING THERE when they brought him in!”
Not now...not without Dean.
Hours later, Dean was laying on the bed in the studio above the shop, staring at the ceiling, when the phone rang. It was Cas.
“Dean!” Bobby called.
“What?”
Dean kept the number in his wallet for a week. The frantic urgency to find Cas had shifted into paralysis once it seemed he might actually have the right number and address.
Somehow the uncertainty coupled with
“I think I just need to talk to my brother,” he said, giving a reassuring smile that he didn’t actually feel. Bobby seemed to accept that, but worry still shone in his eyes.
?” Dean’s eyes snapped back to Cas’s as he said it, locking eyes for the first time since the park, driving home an accusation.
Dean’s pulse raced as he took
If you haven't already, raise a glass, literally or figuratively, to Dean and Cas this week - and likewise to Misha Collins who has been so openly supportive!
After that Dean bought Sammy an ice cream cone with some coins he had been pocketing from the laundromat. Under other circumstances it might have been a tragic story, but they had come to terms with their shit father long ago and Sam framed it as a testament to Dean, who always took care of him, offering a toast “
“Still,” Dean shrugged, “she does know a dreamy beefcake when she sees one,” he smirked.
Dean heaved an irritated breath. That, and his clenched jaw the only response Benny would get that night. It was one thing for Dean to sit listening and try to piece together what any of this other shit had to do with him. It's not that this group wasn't helpful. Dean had to admit that it helped to know he wasn't
“You will.”
“Me too.” Dean hummed in reply.
you come here?”
Cas laughed. “I listen to the radio a lot and when I’m alone there’s no one to complain no matter how tone-deaf I am when I sing along.”
“Thank you,” Cas’s eyes shone like lights as his lips curved into a smile he felt emanating from his core. “This was the perfect date.”
Dean turned again, staring up at the house. Minutes went by. Finally, the light in Cas’s window went out. Dean let out a ragged breath as if waking from a dream. He rubbed both hands over his eyes, pressing the tension out of his forehead. He was tired...he was a fool.
Cas pleaded.
, the only man Cas ever
“Oh thank the lord!” Mildred cried in relief, fresh tears streaming down her face. Dean exhaled and she hugged him, then turning to hug Garth, who was beaming, as well.
“Will this work for dinner?” Cas asked.
“Consider it done,” Dean promised smoothly. He had to throw Sam something. This was an easy give. Dean looked at the clock. It was already noon. He wanted to push the last 36 hours out of his mind.
“I’m sorry sir but you can’t follow them at this time. The doctors are already working on him”.
The sign out front said “Nebula,” and Jess had assured Dean it was a nightclub where he and Cas wouldn’t be the only same-sex couple. There was a bar section and dance floor and while Dean generally disdained the idea of going to a disco, he couldn’t help but cast his memory back to the night he first met Cas, trying to dance with that sorority girl and looking so charmingly nervous and awkward.
did you suddenly decide that you wanted to see me? You disappeared for years. Why now?” Cas shook his head, genuinely perplexed, “Why at all?”
trying,” and it was true. So then why did Cas feel as if everything was suddenly falling apart?
Cas threw his hands up in surrender smiling, “Hey don’t look at me! I didn’t make it up.”
“See you around.”
“Took some persuading,” Dean smiled mischievously. “But he finally gave me a chance.”
Rufus huffed out a laugh nodding. “Yeah, okay Dean. See, Odysseus left the war, but the
Dean ran to hug John who stood stiffly at his son’s embrace.
“Now that’s poetry, babe!”
Cas pulled the covers up to his chin, feeling a mixture of blissful exhilaration with a kickback of mental exhaustion. A smile radiated from deep within Cas as the sound of rain pounded on the roof, lulling him into a calm, contented sleep.
“Hello Dean,”
“Night Rachel, Love you.”
Kissing his lips and pulling his hand away Cas told him “it's not you...it's just all the stress,” he promised. “Let me take care of you tonight,” Cas said as he traveled lower to take Balthazar into his mouth. Balthazar shut his eyes. His breath hitched as Cas worked him. “Cassie!” he cried, grabbing fistfuls of Castiel’s hair.
“Would you like more?”
A slower song signaled half of the dance floor to clear as people took a break to grab more drinks. Cas made to leave, but Dean surprised himself by pulling him back and holding him close to
Twice each week, they met in a circle in the basement of a Unitarian church to drink coffee, talk,  joke and share their common struggles and experiences, taking turns sharing. Each time the turn came round to him week after week it was like pressure in a bottle, building, waiting for a cork to pop. Each week Dean shoved it down again and again. Why bother telling half-truths? If he was going to tell it he was going to tell it all. Tell them about how the war had ripped away the only thing he remembered having in his life that was true and good. He couldn’t tell that story without telling everyone about Cas - and once he did, that would be it. Dean wasn’t ashamed of who he was and what he wanted, but he didn’t want to lose the connection he made here.
In the process of cleaning his mess from the night before he nearly vomited twice more, barely stopping himself by walking away and steeling himself to continue.
Dean put on jeans and pulled on socks and shoes. He grabbed Baby’s keys. He needed a beer or two or three or something harder. He’d shake it.
They made it almost to Dean’s floor when Dean stopped just shy of the landing. He still held Cas’s hand, but put his other up to him in warning. He was looking at something down the hallway but Cas was behind him and couldn’t see.
“They adore him,” Hannah said watching the three move on to the next house. “I do too. He’s a really great guy.” She said looking sideways at Dean as he settled down next to her in the chair.
The next album dropped from the changing arm on the record player.
“What?” Cas, eyebrows knitted together now at the change in Dean’s demeanor and tone.
Dean’s response had been to shamelessly gawk at Cas.
They ate lunch on a bench in a shady part of a small park. A stream made a soft trickling sound behind them - the light sound of children’s laughter in the distance as a boy blew out the candles on a cake at a birthday picnic.
“I’m pretty sure you were never a scout Dean,” Cas laughed, “but you’ve always been honorable so I’ll accept that.”
It was the fourth week into his job at the club that everything threatened to fall apart.
“How far can we take this Cas?”
A tiny worm crawled from Cas’s mouth.
Crowley smiled. “It’s alright Dean, you can tell me anything, or nothing at all if you like. Believe me I’ve heard it all in my line of work.” Crowley poured more into Dean’s glass.
“So you said,” Castiel smirked.
Dean moved in closer, putting his arm around her and rubbing up and down her arm to comfort her. She laid her head against his shoulder and closed her eyes. Dean allowed his own eyes to close and forced himself to breathe more deeply than he had been.
Cas swallowed. He’d been fighting to keep his own eyes from filling and felt the sharp strain of fatigue in them. He slowly opened them and looked to Dean who at some point had sat up. He looked across to Cas, his eyes soft and open, like green embers yearning to catch fire.
“How do you know that?”
“Thanks…” Cas considered his recent setback in income, “but I don’t really have the money to buy something that needs repairs just now.”
“How’s Cas?”
“You were bleeding and... “ Dean’s voice caught, “it's fucking happening again...You were
Jess somehow found out, and was worried about the drugs becoming a habit. They were fighting more, even though they spent less and less time together. What little time they did have together was often interrupted with calls from one partner in particular, Ruby Démone, who always seemed to “need” Sam to work late and was condescending to Jessica on the phone. While Jessica never accused Sam of being unfaithful, she made it clear she thought this Ruby was after him for more than just work. Sam huffed, dismissing her concerns as unfounded jealousy.
Dean felt Cas tense, his eyes fluttering back for a moment as he moaned Dean’s name.
Dean said to him about it once. It was the one-year anniversary of the night they’d met. Cas hadn’t realized, but Dean had.  Had tattooed the date on his memory - brought home two wine glasses from the thrift shop and a bottle of wine from the liquor store down the street. He’d made them some kind of casserole.
“You’re doing the grilling though,” she teased. “Maybe invite your sister. Dinner’s at six….Oh yeah, I told your brother to go fuck himself. Hope you don’t mind.”
He set the alarm on his watch, laying it on the coffee table, not trusting himself to wake at any decent hour after the gauntlet he’d just run his body through. Finally, he closed his eyes, exhausted, determined not to let himself think anymore, and drifted into a restless sleep.
Sam and Dean both offered hands to shake “Hey man,” Sam said. Dean shook Balthazar’s hand silently.
seemed preferable to him than an outright rejection, so by not calling, Cas could never be certain, but it meant he could also keep hope alive. Cas knew it was ultimately a losing game.
Cas turned back to him, eyes crinkling and his head tilting at Dean’s expression. “What’s that look for?” Cas asked, a curious smile on his lips.
“I’m not bothering you?”
Marv stammered out a few addresses.
“You can still come over for dinner tonight you know.”
Cas cleared his throat. He was desperate to change the subject. “So...you play guitar now and sing…. on stage...with an
“What?”
Cas clasped his arms around Dean’s back, finally having reach of him, stroking along his skin and kissing into the hollow of his neck.
“Rufus…
“I’m gay.” Cas blurted out suddenly.
“To my son Michael Novak, I leave the property in Anaheim and my shares in…. To my son Gabriel Novak…...To my daughter Rachel Novak…” until finally the family’s lawyer looked up, seeming uncomfortable, returning his eyes to the paper as he fulfilled his legal obligation and read:
“No…... Once or twice with Meg,” Cas glanced away. “But never on a date.” He looked back at Dean. “This is a first,” he smiled.
“Who’s it from?”
“You’re an asshole,” he said finally, quietly, still staring at the closed door, not even turning to look at Balthazar. “You just made him feel like shit, and we were only saying goodbye. Are you that goddamn insecure?”
“I know it wasn’t easy for you to share your backstory Dean,” Benny nodded. “I’m proud of you brother...honored actually that you let us in,” he said, and Dean knew by his face it was real.
They made their way back into the club rejoining the others. They were deep in conversation about South Africa. Cas, telling Jess about Balthazar’s work organizing an anti-Apartheid campaign locally to lobby Congress to take action. Jessica asked about Nelson Mandela and rumours of “suicides'' of ANC activists in prison being staged by the government. Balthazar confirmed without a doubt that was true. Cas suggested that with all the efforts to focus on South Africa, Americans were just ignoring the lingering racism here.
Even in that movement, long before he realized the significance of it, something had broken in Dean. The feeling that sometimes a moment comes along in life, after which, life is never the same.
Jesus H. Christ Sam are you his father? This isn’t a goddam date to the prom."
He found himself wondering if Balthazar cooked breakfast for Cas on Sundays, or if Cas did the cooking, or if they went out to eat, or if Cas ate breakfast at all.
“Not today, I mean at all. Did he tell you why after all these years he suddenly decided to call to see how you were doing?”
“Yeah.”
‘Anything
“Cas!” Dean shouted. Cas turned once more, walking closer again to prevent the entire neighborhood from looking out of their windows at them, not that it wasn’t already too late. He met Dean’s doleful eyes head on with a challenging glare.
In the end, Cas had only stood there, ramrod straight, arms glued to his side, a respectable distance in the center of the old salvage yard, wary of getting too close, as if Dean was a cornered animal that he needed to keep clear from lest he lash out, terrified.
Dean smiled all the way up to his eyes, lip slightly parted in wonder. Cas had just manhandled him, claimed him, and ordered him to drive home with his dick covered in their combined come.
Castiel's body goes tense, and Dean worries he's over stepped, that Castiel still isn't ready for penetrative sex, but the tautness of his body eases as quickly as it came. Castiel plasters himself against Dean, then says, "Yeah, if you want it, yeah. Me too. I mean, I want to."
Dean rolls his eyes and starts pulling on the clothes, sitting on the edge of the bed to put on his socks and a pair of unstained boots (and how the hell does he only have one pair with no grease on it anymore?). Once he's done, he checks the time - five minutes past six - before taking a picture in the closet mirror with his middle finger raised and sending it to Benny.
"Over-" Dean suddenly feels very indignant and levels Castiel with a glare. "I’m an appropriate amount of protective, Cas. He’s a baby. His father,
Castiel sucks a sore, red mark into the skin below Dean's ear, grazing his teeth over it before he kicks off his shoes, and his pants with them. When he speaks, mouth hovering over Dean's flesh, his voice is thick and rough, "Fuck me, Dean."
"Goodnight, Dean."
way - pushes their bodies up the tray, towards the surface above their heads. Dean has to let go of Castiel’s wrists so they don’t hit their heads, and Castiel whines desperately, begging wordlessly for the return of that pressure.
this morning." Castiel copies the horrified look Patience had given Dean and the couch that morning and Dean bursts into helpless laughter, muffling it in Castiel's shoulder. "Exactly like that."
“You know I am.”
"I don't understand, why?"
Eileen and Sam both nod before Eileen - the resident omega expert, given her personal presentation - signs, “Familiar scents help comfort omegas, but omegas don’t bring the scent of someone that isn’t blood related into a nest unless…”
"You… you have family in Russia?"
Dean's about to reply, something along the lines of
Dean’s no longer inside him, but he’s still braced over him, panting as he combs his fingers through Castiel’s fringe gently. He’s whispering to Castiel and it takes a couple more seconds for the words to filter in through the haze, words of praise and adoration and love. Castiel’s chest clenches and he tilts his head to the side and up so he can kiss his angel. Dean settles on top of Castiel carefully, enveloping him in the pressure of his body, and kisses him gently.
Dean nods. “I know, I don’t think it’s a shapeshifter either, but we won’t know until we see the bodies.” Dean pulls down another road before finding himself in front of the police station, parking in the parking lot. “We should have eaten after we got here, I’m starving.”
Rowena folds her hands over her legs and taps her nails on her thigh, mouth pursed thoughtfully, then asks, "When?"
fire, which he doesn't really mind because it means he gets to sit back and watch Dean while he works.
“Do you miss eating?” Dean asks Castiel, playing with the knife and fork in front of him, his chin braced on his upturned hand. He's trying not to yawn, but not very hard, and it eventually rolls out of his mouth.
Dean lets out a choked breath and hopes Emma blows his reaction off as surprise that his daughter has mentioned his sex life, rather than surprise that he
Once she's been to the bathrrom, they head back out to the car, climbing inside without a word to either Castiel or Claire, turning back onto the highway.
"We can come up from Dean's birthday in January. You'll show us around the place, right, bluebird?" Benny looks a little less unsure than Dean and Castiel, and Dean's actually glad one of them isn't about to have a mental breakdown.
Dean shifts again and stalks towards the groaning figure. "I was going to let you go free, but now I'm going to tear your heart out of your chest." He lifts Crowley to his feet and punches the witch over the face over and over until he feels less like biting his face off. He wants nothing more than to feel Crowley's bones crunching under his teeth, but he's still Rowena's son, and even if she had sort of given him permission to kill him, he knows she'll be devastated, and he doesn't want that. Instead, he shifts again and takes Crowley's broken arm in his jaw (making sure to clamp down hard until he knows it'll hurt), dragging him out to the others.
stay here? Rowena has her own apartment.”
Castiel nods his head. "I think we should leave."
"Why?"
“Hey, we gotta get back. We can have more cuddles in the shower.” Dean makes a grumble of disapproval, but lets Castiel push him off. Castiel sits up and looks around the tray, remembering Dean disappeared their clothes again. “Clothes?”
"Where're you going?" Castiel whispers, turning onto his back to look up at Dean as he finds the towel he used for his shower that morning, hung up on the back of the door. His eyes are half-lidded and he's still panting.
Dean's first proper thrust is hard and goes deep, leaving Castiel gasping for breath, digging his fingernails into the meat of Dean's shoulder until he's groaning, too. He tries to meet Dean thrust for thrust, but Dean's thrusts are too rapid for Castiel to follow, so he holds on while Dean fucks him, whispering into his ear, calling him
human mind, he feels like a pup, with all the wonky sex hormones that go with it.
Castiel slides his way up and down Dean’s cock slowly, fitting it further inside his body on every downward stroke until he’s sitting on Dean’s hips. His cheeks and chest are bright red and he’s panting, sweat forming at his temples.
It takes Castiel a second to realize Dean isn’t talking about going for a ride in the Impala, his head tilted to the side in confusion and his brow furrowed. When understanding does dawn on him he grins up at Dean. “Oh yes, I would like that.”
Dean wipes his hand on his jeans and types out a reply.
They're sweaty and sticky with come, and Dean would really love to bask in the afterglow, but it's getting disgusting, so he gently moves Castiel to the side and pulls out of him.
long since he was around babies.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean sighs, unable to take his eyes off of Castiel, sliding his hands up Castiel's thighs to settle onto his hips.
They find a pile of board games in a closet with bed linens and play them, just because they can. Dean rules at
Castiel's whole body is tingling, and Dean hasn't even gotten inside of him yet. He nods his head, then says, "Yeah," sliding his arm around the back of Dean's neck and pulling him down for a kiss. It's sloppier than it was before, wet with their mouths slanted against each other's and far more tongue, and it only serves to make the tingling worse. (Or maybe better is a more correct description.)
Castiel leans an elbow on his knee and rests his chin in one cupped hand, the smile he sends Dean's way amused and fond. "I know the layout of the American Men of Letters Bunker, because I went there looking for my Grace. That’s what Bevell has. It's like a soul but more… angelic. And I don't want to put it back in my body - I like my human soul - but they shouldn’t have it. It's too powerful," Castiel's eyes flick to the doorway, and the people on the other side of it, before flicking back to Dean. "When we storm the castle, we have to retrieve it, it's our first priority."
He pushes the moose onto its back and slides the knife from tail to throat, cutting it open so he can break the sternum and remove the organs. He's done this so many times he's sure he could do it in his sleep, and even with his new audience, he doesn't hesitate.
He pushes the grinder off of him and climbs to his feet. He checks his throat, just to make sure he hasn't been bitten, then says to Emma, "Go quickly, we need to leave."
"Who's taking us in? You said they were humans."
Castiel takes his hand away from Dean’s throat, planting it back on Dean’s chest, and fucks himself back onto Dean’s cock until he’s moaning through his own orgasm. Dean watches him as it happens, his head flung back, throat bared and flushed, Dean’s name tumbling from his lips. His vision’s still a little spotty but he can still enjoy every part of Castiel’s orgasm, including the way his body squeezes tight like a vice around Dean’s cock.
Bobby hands him the laptop, open to Google Maps, with an address in the Toledo Southside, a building on the bank of the Maumee River, far from other buildings.
When Dean turns back to Lucifer's body, the smoke is still there, a cloud hanging in the air, suspended, and Dean watches it, waits. "What do we do now?"
Dean laughs at the absolute absurdity of the situation. "You're horny, Cas. Your body is turned on."
"Yours too, Cas."
"We're not doing that with him in the room again."
Dean takes a deep breath in through his nose, and yes, he can smell it. A strong smell of old death that only comes from a large number of bodies. A thousand years old and Dean can still smell them; he surprises even himself sometimes. Castiel follows behind him as he goes after the smell to find it where it's strongest.
Dean hums again, brow furrowed as he stares at the knee of his jeans, at the small dark red splotch on the fabric. Shit.
“I know, shit, I haven’t been able to manifest them in weeks so they pick the
"Dad, I'm on my period, I can't."
Dean stands in front of the other man and kisses his hair before holding him against his body, head resting on his belly. "Haven't got a clue, either, but we'll figure it out. At least Rowena will be able to break the spell soon." Castiel's arms come up around Dean's hips and he holds him tightly, snuffling into Dean's belly. It's rather endearing and Dean chuckles softly. "Maybe you're a prince or something. Like the movies you told me about."
"Dean? What's going on?"
Castiel's carefully cradling a sleeping Jack in his arms, very obviously trying not to laugh so he won't wake him, and Dean hates him. "Dean, I'm not avoiding it on purpose. You're very… clingy. No, over-protective."
The two archangels disappear in another crack of thunder and bright light and Dean falls back into the couch.
Dean nods his head and slides his arm around the back of Castiel’s neck. He kisses Castiel and then says, “I’ll just need a couple of stitches. You happy to take care of it?”
Dean pulls a face. He'd made the mistake of trying that once, and while it tasted pretty good, once he'd found out what it was made of he was turned off of it forever. "Uh… intestines."
"Don't tell her you remember that, she'll try to kick your ass!" Dean chuckles and bumps his shoulder into Castiel's. He turns sad, then, when he realises he hasn't told Castiel about Ellen yet. "Ellen was in the car with Bobby when he lost his leg, yeah? Jo's still sore on it, so don't bring it up and I'll tell you the story later."
Oh he really fucked up. Benny is going to straight up murder him.
Dean makes a choking sound, and coffee comes dribbling from his mouth and nose. It would be amusing if Castiel didn't know how painful it is to accidentally snort liquids. He leans forward as he's rubbing his nose and thunks his head into Castiel's shoulder a few times. "Jesus fucking Christ, Cas. I've already heard it, I really don't need to think about it too."
Rowena has been spending more time at the bunker, and while both she and Sam think Dean, Castiel, and Jack are in the dark, they aren’t. At least, Dean isn’t in the dark. He’s not sure where Castiel and Jack are, except they never notice anything, ever. Jack’s still naive, despite - these days - being what passes for an all-powerful, almighty deity. And Castiel rarely cares enough about anything that doesn’t specifically involve him enough to pay attention. It bothers Dean endlessly.
. Dean wants him to beg.
Dean replies,
A soft look crosses Dean’s face. “You’d rather go back to your apartment and groom my wings than have sex? Who are you?”
, and the group that has been killing our people for thousands of years both want him.”
interrupts them that they pull apart.
He's looking through the menu to decide if he wants anything else when the waitress, to keep the conversation up and to vie for a better tip, says, "You guys having a boys night or something?"
Dean takes a moment to check his body, make sure he isn’t in any bad pain, that he isn’t numb anywhere. His toes ache from being locked curled around the balls of his feet; his ass, thighs and hips string from the flogging; and his arms hurt under the rope. When he gets to his hands he realises the tips of his fingers are tingling. They’re not quite numb yet, he still has feeling, but if any of the rope is pressing on a nerve that won’t last long.
Castiel finds himself disappointed, but goes nonetheless, sliding his hand out of Dean's and walking around the car to get into the passenger seat.
"Move up, I'd really rather not fall off the bed," Castiel tells him, pushing Dean backwards until he sits back against the headboard. He's left his legs spread and Castiel settles in between them, on his knees, rubbing his hands on the thighs of his sweatpants nervously. "I want… can we…"
Dean doesn't need to think about it for longer than a moment before he replies, "Rowena is my family, my best friend, the only person I spoke to for years at a time. Yes, I would eat them."
Castiel nods and then begins helping him.
Using the hand not on Castiel's mouth, Dean reaches down to pop  the button on his jeans and shove them down as far as he can reach before wiggling the rest of the way out of them. He climbs up onto his knees and gets his hand on his cock, jerking it slowly as he gets Castiel off with his mouth.
Benny snorts unattractively, bursting into laughter, but poor Castiel looks so confused. "No, that's…  that's Orion, with his bow."
Both Benny and Castiel send in the hot face emoji, then Benny, the asshole, writes
"What was her name - the wolf that took you?"
Castiel nods too, then continues, “I know you’re the one that took my belongings. I found them in your closet, Eileen explained it to me.” Dean takes a harsh deep breath in and Castiel waits to see if he’ll speak, before continuing when he doesn’t. “I took your jacket, the brown leather one? Hadn’t even realised I’d done it before it had appeared in my bed, under my pillow.”
Benny replies first, followed by Castiel's,
Dean falls into the lounge on the balcony and sets his elbow on his knee, taking his chin in his hand and frowning. "Could you find someone, anywhere in the world? Even if you hadn't met them, and you had no idea where they were?"
Dean lets out a loud guffaw and leans over to slap the back of his hand over Castiel's hip in a playful manner, leaving his hand on Castiel's hip when he's done it. "It was a joke, Cas."
She smells like nervous energy and trepidation, and Dean never will understand the human mind. "Thanks, really, but no." He doesn't elaborate and she doesn't ask him to.
Dean really doesn't like the way Lucifer is looking at Castiel, and he really wants to shoot him, but he thinks better of it before he actually does it. "Where. Is. Jack?"
He finds Sam first, in the map room with Eileen, pouring over a pile of books and Chinese takeaway. He sits at the table with them and steals one of the food boxes which he finds filled with chow mein. “I think something is stealing my clothes. Perhaps a kobold or a pixie. Have any of your belongings also gone missing?” He asks, signing at the same time so Eileen doesn’t have to read his lips.
The body’s skin is completely removed, some of the flesh and muscle with it. Dean can’t immediately identify the sex of the body, but the medical examiners seem fairly convinced it’s a male, though he isn’t sure how. That takes the total up to three men and one woman.
“Yes, but that doesn’t necessarily mean you won’t, this is new to all of us. We don’t know how your body is going to react,” Sam replies.
are Sam's (he has to cuff them at the ankles and tighten the drawstrings). He has his own clothes but he finds he feels much more comfortable in Sam and Dean's, and occasionally Eileen's; he still doesn't understand why she thought finding him in her sweater was so funny (it was soft and it had bees on it.
Dean bursts into laughter. "Do you remember Ellen? She owned the Roadhouse before Benny took it over? It's her daughter, Jo."
"Oh and don't be sorry about the divorce, he was worse than my mother."
Benny blinks over at Dean, eyes wide and confused in the light of the passing street light. He starts pulling off to the side, somewhere safe where they're completely off the street, but still asks, "Why?"
Sam gives Dean his best bitchface, which Dean is starting to suspect is his natural resting expression. He raises his eyebrow and interrupts Castiel by saying, "It's kinda creepy." Dean opens his mouth to speak, but when no words come out, Sam, the bastard, looks smug. "I'm going to go see if Rowena needs any help."
"Let me see if I remember all of those questions. I've known your dad for most of my life, we went to school together... my favourite colour is blue... sometimes I play first person shooter like Call of Duty with my friend but I prefer RPG's… uhh… I like Christmas the best… what was the last one?"
They all part to their respective corners. Castiel follows Dean up to the bedroom and watches as he collapses onto the bed, pressing his face into the pillows. He's still wearing his clothes and his shoes, but he's just too fucking tired to bother.
Castiel's now-slick hand circles Dean's cock again and squeezes as he strokes up, then his palm slides over the head and Dean drops his head into Castiel's shoulder to muffle his groan. It’s warm and wet and so fucking
Jody and Donna share a look before they turn to Patience, who's frowning. "We never knew his name. But we knew that he took their memories to protect them."
“What made you think to call us? The previous incident happened almost two decades ago, most people forget after all that time,” Castiel asks, eyebrows furrowed. “How did you know it was our kind of situation?”
In the back of Dean's mind it occurs to him they're probably looking for Sam (even if less thoroughly than they must have in the beginning). He doesn't think there's a single version of Dean in any world that wouldn't do anything he could to protect his brother. He looks back at Castiel and realises the angel (human?) is thinking the same thing.
Castiel nods his head and watches carefully as Dean loops the bight of one piece of rope over itself before looping the other piece of rope through the hole the first has made.
," Cas says insistently, laughing.
He has to start rounding them out the door by five to start making dinner for when Sam, Eileen and the girls arrive, which he feels bad about. Castiel catches Dean's wrist in his hand as they're heading out the door and leans up to whisper in Dean's ear.
Benny reappears to Dean's left side with the lube and Dean grins sharply at him. "Cas called dibs. If you're nice to me, and Castiel's stupidly large dick hasn't completely obliterated me, you can go next."
Rowena waves her hand in a gesture of uncertainty before rubbing her chin with her fingers. "If I need to, I'll just send her through a portal. It'll take her a bit to get back to us, long enough for you to have joined us."
Dean nods and pulls out of the driveway. The restaurant is a couple towns over, a Greek place Dean had found when he was still a teenager with the best lamb he's ever had. The parking lot is full, the place is always busy, but they manage to find a park in the back corner. Dean had called in a reservation, he'd knew he'd need to if he wanted to get a table, and when he gives his name to the hostess they're led to a table near the kitchens. Dean's been here so many times he doesn't bother looking at a menu while Benny and Castiel scour through theirs.
“Nah man, where was it last?” He’s just gotten out of the shower, wearing an old ratty pair of sweatpants and a sweatshirt Castiel is sure is Sam’s, towelling his hair dry. It’s gotten long - it curls around his face now and Castiel’s not sure if he should tell Dean how much he likes it, how good it looks, or if that would be crossing boundaries. Dean was always a stickler for boundaries, though he’s loosened up on them a lot in the last three years.
Benny's opened his mouth to say something when Dean's phone buzzes in his hand. When he stands up to look at it, Benny reclines back in his chair and groans. At least Dean knows he wasn't the only one getting riled up.
Dean doesn't rise to the bait. The gun is a hand he doesn't want to play until he has to, and he doesn't want to give away. "Where. Is. he."
“You look too smug for your own good,” Castiel tells him, wrist flexing as his body shudders and his mouth slants open. He’s panting and Dean’s hands itch to touch.
“Michael knows I’m down here, though he believes I’m gathering intelligence.” Dean squirms, re-settling himself over Castiel. “Though somehow I suspect he knows and just doesn’t care, so long as I help him win his war against Raphael.”
“Why aren’t they consuming the entire body?” Castiel asks in a whisper so quiet Dean almost misses it.
Castiel hums thoughtfully, still riding his fingers, then takes fingers out of his body just long enough to straddle Dean’s hips. He slides his fingers back inside himself and says, “Thighs and hips only.”
He doesn’t get to ask her what she means, because a rattling outside the tent puts Castiel and Emma on high alert. It sounds like tin cans clanking together. Castiel’s out of the tent in a flash, followed closely by Emma. Dean sits there for a moment, rubbing his face, unbelievably confused, before climbing out after them.
Bobby coughs, and a small trail of blood spills from his mouth. "And leave you to have all the fun?" The man lets Dean move his fingers aside so he can look at the wound in his belly. He's not sure, but he thinks whatever got the human got him in the liver, and
"Look, I don't know how true it is, but Bobby claims he's the one who called Tasha, and that he did the same for my brother, Adam," Dean lets out a huff of breath and wipes his face with his hands, hard, until his skin tingles. "He claims Adam is alive." Dean shakes his head and says, "We need to find Jack, first. This is the worst fucking timing." Castiel gets to his feet fluidly and strides over to Dean, sitting on the lounge next to him and sliding his hand over Dean's knee. He squeezes it comfortingly, and Dean thinks he's going to say something, but he doesn't, so Dean takes the chance to rant. "We've chosen to trust too many people that could fuck us over if we let them, Cas. When Bobby finds Lucifer, we can't take anyone but Rowena and Sam, I'm not risking Jack like that."
Dean makes a face. “I don’t normally let them go this long without grooming, I’ve been busy.” He tries to itch it again, but he also lets Castiel hold him back when he stops him.
Benny reaches up and pulls Dean down by his collar, pressing their mouths together in a hard, wet kiss. Dean doesn't stop him, kissing him back, at least until his phone buzzes in his hand. He pulls back then, looks down at the device and carefully thumbs it open.
"Unlikely," Benny says with a chuckle, clapping Castiel on the shoulder. "Liz was the same way, we had a similar rule."
The raven starts convulsing and he climbs to his feet in seconds to help it, holding it as the bones under its feathers shift much like his do when
It looks like every other cemetery Dean's ever been to (though there haven't been a lot), short stubby grave-stones, tall statues, and huge, hulking vaults. Even in the bright moonlight, the place is dark, trees towering over everything, filling the area with dark shadows that look like skeletal arms reaching out for them. Other than a vague direction, they don't know exactly where Bobby Singer's grave stands, so their first ten minutes in the cemetery is spent scouring the area around the statue of a small girl with angel wings, covered in dark green moss. Sam finds it first - a plain black tombstone with Bobby's name, his birth year, and death date - calls Dean and Rowena over.
, they're in The Netherlands. Rowena has set up a small potions lab on the hotel desk, and one of her potions is bubbling.
Sam and Eileen are kissing, and Dean keeps telling Castiel not to interrupt these sorts of things, but Castiel’s sure this is important enough. He steps inside, clears his throat to catch their attention and says, “I've found my belongings.”
He thinks about it, then swears. "Fuck, Castiel, he was there." He turns to Benny with wild, panicked eyes.
one. "Maybe you could lay down?"
“You guys need to stop being so fucking weird,” Emma says like she’s suddenly decided they’re playing a joke on her and she doesn’t want to play along. “I’m going to start packing up.”
He decides to bring it up later, maybe with Rowena, because she seems just as unsure about the situation as he feels.
"What the fuck man?"
Castiel nods his head, reaching out for Dean, pulling him back into bed, curling his limbs around Dean’s side. “I love you, Dean.”
like it when you get blood on the carpet," Benny replies. Dean can hear the teasing edge to his voice, and he can feel himself calming more, glad Benny isn't upset with him either. "You didn't, by the way, get any blood on the carpet. Man must've had something wrong with him, never seen someone bleed that little over a broken nose."
