"You did great today," said Tony, reaching up to yank the knot of his tie down.  He crawled awkwardly across the bed to Steve, pushing him down to climb over him, press his weight over the other's body comfortingly.  "...good omega..." he mumbled, lying his head on the bed. Steve's chest rose and fell solidly under him. "Mmmm... warm..." he mumbled with a smile, fingers playing with the soft sheets.
"Hey, er, this is Agent Rumlow. I just...wanted to apologise." The voice sounded genuine, regretful. Hm. Steve didn't know why it had taken him weeks to call though. Maybe he was nervous. "I had no idea. Not that that's an excuse. But I admire you Cap, a lot. And I just want you to know that I feel real awful about what happened."
"Everything's fine," said Pepper, giving Steve a terse smile.  "I just... I don't know if you recall, when your heat started, Natasha gave you a memento.  You dropped it and I thought you'd want it back."
What really got to him was that Donner was obviously intelligent. He was someone with so much potential...but Gideon hadn't nurtured it. The man would have had the means to support the omega through anything but he hadn't. Donner had had his own life snatched away from him and he wasn't even
of Bucky's cryo tube.  He'd felt Bucky, his emotions, his fears.  His confusion and his loneliness.  He'd seen inside his cyro tube, the sarcophagus where Bucky was being held because there was no one else to put him.
"Did Clint have a brother? He did, didn't he?" demanded Steve without so much as an introductory hello.
She actually sat up on her knees and turned to face him.  "Those were forever ago. I haven't done any acting since, like... well gosh, at least ten years now."
The Winter Soldier had nothing on Tony; no matter how good of an assassin he was, the suit could take him.  As far as Tony was concerned, Steve was safe from that, so he was having a hard time understanding the smell of anxiety rolling off of Steve.
Oh, God, it was as good as he remembered.  He lapped Steve's skin with soft, gentle flicks of his tongue before biting him again, a playful nip, nothing painful.
?  Please!  Tony can barely even feed himself.  ...where are you, Steve?  And how did you possibly get him to agree to one drink in thirty-six hours?"  Before Steve could answer, she cut herself off.  "Damn it, Hammer's on the other line again.  I'll call later.  Please tell Tony I need him to give a statement about the party he threw and we need to discuss how to fix his home; I have a few contractors on retainer.  And because I know he'll ask, yes, I am, mad.  Furious, in fact.  Good-bye, Steve."
"...it's not made of glass you know," added Tony, but didn't try to stop him.  He could tell Steve was enjoying pampering him.
"...make sure you're careful," said Tony as they rode down the elevator.  "Not for you. For those other omegas. I don't want you to get them in trouble and them have them getting
"It's March twenty-fifth through March twenty-seventh.  But they wouldn't let you in anyway, Steve."
"Your loss."  Tony pulled milk out of the fridge, humming to himself.   "So it's decided, we're all going up to the lodge today."
"Mhm. I just want the ice. Mph. Please," Steve murmured and squirmed on the sofa. He was still in his jeans and shirt, his waistcoat open. The tie had been taken off at some point downstairs; Steve himself didn't remember doing it.
. Then he just wordlessly pulled away from the table and headed upstairs because Steve couldn't face these people anymore. He dodged the bedroom full of blood and vomit and went to his drawing room. That was
"Well I am," Steve said with a triumphant grin and a nip to Tony's jaw. "And six isn't even that early..." he protested and proceeded to kiss down into the dip of Tony's neck. He let his tongue dart out to taste. He hummed happily.
"Yeah," Steve said, a smile tugging at his lips as they all walked out of the learning annex together. The 'Alpha' looked positively mortified. "He is."
He couldn't stay focused long enough to come up with any alternative explanation because he got a strong whiff of Steve's musk and his mind was static again and he was grabbing Steve's hips and fucking him as hard as he could (wait, when had he gotten hard again?) and he could hear a phone beeping somewhere and his thrusts were in time to the alarm, it was wonderful, magical, and Steve was practically trying to swallow his hand, the two of them were covered in sweat and semen and Tony's knot was aching wonderfully with the tug of Steve's body and he wasn't even sure if he had any semen left to give him but he didn't care about that because he was coming undone all over again on top of his omega with breathy laughter and happy little growls and nips of pleasure.
Pepper exchanged a look with Aria, but obediently gathered up her tablet, put it in her purse, and slung the strap over her shoulder.  "Okay..."
Aria and Pepper had gotten to the gala early to get everything sorted. Steve and Tony were actually due to arrive about ten minutes after everyone else so they could have a 'proper' entrance. It didn't really sound like it was Steve's thing but it was for charity and with Project 84 due in about a month, they needed all the help they could get.
He stumbled back, weak, half-blind.  Steve was groping for him; he automatically tried to pick him up before remembering Steve was well over two hundred pounds.  "Steve. C'mon. Bath," he commanded wearily, tugging on the omega. "We can come back to the nest later."
you."  He tried to kiss Steve, stumbled, missed, and ended up kissed his neck instead.  Because of Steve's size, having Tony dangle off him the whole way to the car wasn't really an issue, which made Tony giggle even more.  "Steve, are you aware you are
"That's...bthat's amazing," Steve said finally, looking pretty stricken still, like the number wouldn't register in his head.
Whatever Steve had said about Pietro and Wanda had gone over his head.  He didn't even really know who the hell those people were. So they had a vendetta again him... big whoop, lots of people did, he was a high-profile billionaire and ex-weapons designer.  Plus, kind of a jerk.
"...geez, seriously, how loud is that television?  Is Clint deaf or something?" asked Tony, oblivious to the water he was dripping all over the floor.
Steve understood that Tony's question about how Bucky had never managed to mate him was mostly rhetorical, but it weighed heavy on his mind.
And then, just like that, Steve was gone, and Bucky was suddenly enveloped in a dark, empty place, an echo-chamber without any windows.
Steve tried to fight back the pang of his rejection. But when Tony pressed his hard on against his thigh it was hard to deny it. A wave of relief washed over him. He had to remind himself that his Alpha was sensitive and stopped himself from grinding against him. He let Tony control what they did and didn't do. Besides, Tony said himself that he was doing great.
"Super ready!" yelled Tony back, making minute adjustments to himself in the mirror.  "Ready to rock n' roll.  ...I could use a drink, though.  God, I'm glad this is nearly over.  Not that I'm nervous.  I'm Tony goddamn Stark.  SHIELD needs me.  Hey, d'you think it's funny that you use a shield and they're called shield and like... like it's kind of connected?"  Tony was doing that thing he did when he was nervous, speaking all his thought outloud in one continuous train of thought.  He only paused in his monologue to wolf down the food Steve had prepared.
"I'm really sorry but I haven't... I don't really know what suppressants are?" Steve asked as they moved to sit down, trying to steer the conversation away from drinking. "We didn't have them back in my day."
Steve floored it down the long, winding, almost mile-long drive to the front gates; there were no protesters, only a single black SUV.  Tony's "detail." He waved at them when the gate open, relieved to see it was only Daston and Ido, who waved back and made no move to follow them.  If it had been Beth, she would have followed them for sure.
"I specifically stated that the charity was for kids of all statuses. I'm not making this about this status. You are," Steve said, voice calm and collected.
Tony squirmed a little.  After the "I love you" bit, he really wanted to retreat to the bathroom to clean up, but instead he was going to have to sit here on top of Steve for at least thirty minutes.  Maybe more.  Ugh.
He hoped Steve's day got better.  Hoped that running had the same effect on Steve as looking over computer code did for Tony.
Peggy nodded, staring at the floor for a moment before she looked straight up in Tony's eyes. There was something hard in  her expression.
Steve smiled as Tony curled his arms around him and leaned back into the touch. He grabbed the shampoo and squeezed some into his hair. Mango flavour this time. "As long as I don't have to do anything serious, then I'll manage," he hummed, lathering up the shampoo in his hair before he let the water wash it out. Running always left him sweaty, even if he didn't get tired.
He reached over to touch Steve's hair lightly.  He was proud of Steve, so proud; Steve was everything good in the world that Tony wanted to be and always seemed to fall short of.
Steve's phone pinged with a text from Nat. Gleason had just arrived at the house. Thank goodness. No pregnancy, hopefully. Steve didn't want that right now. He wanted to kick HYDRA's goddamn ass.
"...quaint."  Tony tilted his head back.  "...I guess the thing is, omegas ought to be able to choose what they want.  Banksy didn't get to choose. Jarvis... I don't know. I hope he chose but I don't know.  People should choose what makes them happy. Not be assigned."
"THIRTY SECONDS!" yelled someone in his ear.  He turned to tell them to shut up, but was distracted by the scene in the room.  Lights, music, champagne, tuxedos and taffeta gowns... this was his element. The Stark battlefield.  He caught, out of the corner of his eye, Aria dangling off of Mackenzie, giggling her head off; Pepper and Happy, swaying on the dance floor, looking into each other's eyes, not saying a word; Natasha and Clint shoulder-to-shoulder, their fingers lightly entangled at the very tips; Coulson and Banksy and Tiberius and Brent Walker, all getting along, for once.
For Tony, the whole evening passed in a blink.  It seemed like he'd only been sitting for a little bit when Aria came up looking for Steve to sing
He got up and crossed the smooth rock deck to kneel beside Steve.  "Hey. Hey, Steve, snap out of it. Talk to me. What's going on?" asked Tony, reaching over to run his hands through Steve's wet hair.
"Please?"  From behind him appeared Banksy.  Tony was immediately smitten; he was gorgeous.  His blond hair fell down to his jaw but he'd tied it back in a tiny ponytail.  All of Tony's concerns about looking too festive had evaporated; Banksy was wearing an outrageously loud green and red suit with a matching tie.  He was grinning, practically bouncing with excitement, and he squealed when he noticed Steve. "
been a blur.  And when did a honeymoon period really "start?"  He had fucked Steve before really properly mating him.  There were a few days before they were officially mated that were sketchy.
He wasn't being asked to speak-- he was only to speak when asked and he'd already gotten everyone in enough trouble by asking questions out of turn-- so he got up silently to follow.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly. "See you in a bit," he told him and then moved to leave. He glanced back over his shoulder once to catch Tony watching his behind and raised his brow in playful disapproval before he slipped out the door. It was good to be in running shorts that actually fit him for a change.  Happy's had been too tight in all the wrong ways.
Pepper was still holding the folder in front of her eyes.  "You're getting water all over the floor and you're naked.  That's what I think."
To Steve's credit, he was quick. He showered in five minutes and was dressed in under ten, wearing the 'smart' clothes Aria had asked for. Black trousers and a blue shirt, his usual navy jacket on top. He stepped out to find everyone outside. Tony already had coffee, which meant there had to be some--
Tony took a deep breath and hit the jets, hard, kicking off from the radio tower and back into the air.  Almost immediately, his display began flashing warnings at him, and he jerked to the side to avoid getting shot.
"They'll probably pay a 'consultation fee'," Angela piped up from her desk. "They use that phrase a lot. It's all legal- getting help with a match, getting advice. You're paying to be introduced, not
Tony examined a baseball pennant on the wall.  "Hey, Steve... you know the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles, right?" he asked.  "They haven't been the Brooklyn Dodgers in, like, sixty years..."
Tony had gotten out of the suit and was staring down at his hands.  With his sweatpants, undershirt, full beard, and paper cup of coffee, he looked like he was some homeless guy Fury had just dragged in off the streets.
Tony groaned after a few moments, but this time, his eyes flickered open.  "Oh dear, sweet Turing... what did I take... what happened?" He struggled to get up with a whine of frustration.  "Steve," he added, firmly; Steve's smell was screaming for his attention. He rolled over weakly, reaching for Steve.  "Omega," he demanded. How the hell he expected to mate was anyone's guess, because he had the groggy post-anesthetic floppiness of someone who was still feeling the effects of sedation.  But the "how" was not important to him; mating Steve was. His groin was aching with desire.
at the end of each report. Steve soon skipped the reports and moved onto blueprints of the outside of the base, which were detailed enough to need some deciphering. His mind was soon churning through ideas and identifying infiltration points, the experiment report forgotten in place of the task at hand.
Steve also felt a little bad at coming over the outfit himself. But then, the people who had shoved him up on that stage were assholes, so fuck 'em.
With juggling Steve's charity and political image, she hadn't had as much time as she would have liked to check in on Tony's mental health.  Hearing that he was actually considering talking to someone about recent events was like music to her ears.
Tony's stomach turned.  He'd forgotten about that.  "Yeah, okay," said Tony, scanning the skies for his plane.  "He can call her from the plane, I guess..." He couldn't help but feel a tinge of annoyance that Clint and Natasha were talking to Steve and not him.  Maybe it was that omega solidarity thing. Or maybe it was because Tony was kind of a jerk to Clint.
He slumped down in one of the corners of the drawing room, the corner nearest the fox. He reached out to it, his fingertips tracing over the thick curve of its tail as a few tears escaped and slipped down his cheeks wordlessly.
"Juice?  So that's what they're calling it nowadays?" Steve replied, sounding amused as he cracked one eye open to look over at Tony.
Steve was still worried about Tony though. He turned to face him. "You wanna call it a day? We can call it a day."
Steve's eyes narrowed. "Tweeted?" he echoed.  "Is that the bird thing?" He couldn't help but blush at the way Tony looked at him for asking.
He hummed as he began to come down, nosing against Tony's cheek before he tilted his head into a kiss again, letting his Alpha lead as their tongues slid together. Steve moved his fingers out of their grip in Tony's hair and moved them to run down his arms and over the curves of his biceps.
"They're giving money to a cause," Steve pointed out. "And once they find out how it's been used... then they really won't be happy." There was a strange sort of satisfaction in knowing that the funds of Alpha conservatives were going to go straight towards undermining the establishment they were so desperate to protect.
"Fuck," he whispered.  No.  This had to be a mistake.  He pricked another finger, trying to keep his breathing steady.
He wondered if they were allowed to make jokes about Clint making nests.  The guy's name was Hawkguy, for crying out loud.  He wondered if they were allowed to make Alpha-omega jokes at all.  He probably should have checked how offensive and sarcastic he was allowed to be before demanding to join.  Assuming they even
Tony closed his eyes at the feeling of Steve's kiss.  He was furious at himself but no words could communicate the feeling of watching his omega being injured in front of him, so he opted to say nothing.  He was wincing automatically as they moved his injured ankle but his primary focus was on Steve and Steve alone.
"...it was dece," said Tony as the elevator came to their floor.  He and Steve made their way to their suite. It had been a surprisingly tense day, for both of them.  Tony felt like one of the drawbacks to being bonded to a civil rights leader was constantly being aware of civil rights.  The locked collars, Jane's innocent remark... all of it gave Tony an unsettled feeling. And since he and Steve could feel each other, every time one grew bothered, so did the other.  One of the drawbacks to having that link.
His eyes snapped open but his hair had fallen in front of his face again.  He couldn't see what was happening and the sounds were too loud for him to really make anything out.  He let out a desperate growl.  He knew that omega.
"I'm..."  Fuck.  Creativity wasn't his strong suit.  Not unless it involved soldering together metal, anyway.  "I'm... Steve," he said after a moment.  It was the first name he could think of, aside from "Virginia," but he didn't think Death would be fooled if he lied and said his name was Virginia.  "Steve... Buchanan... Stark," he said slowly.  "From Sycamore, New Hampshire."  He had no idea if there was a town called Sycamore in New Hampshire but he felt like lying was definitely the best option here.  He stuck out the hand that wasn't pulling down his shirt.  "Nice to meet you," he said, a bit more confidently.  As Obadiah always said, 90% of presentation was confidence and bullshit.  He wasn't going to let Death intimate him.  He had his pride.  After all, he was a Stark, and not only that, but a Stark of Sycamore, New Hampshire, home of the Fightin' Rams.  (The more details he invented, the more credible his story seemed.  He was trusting that Death couldn't tell he was lying but it was possible Death might call him out.  It was a chance he was willing to take.  After all.  He was a Stark.  Of Sycamore, New Hampshire.)
He set his/Tony's tray down on the bedside table before moving to get dressed himself. Smart dark jeans, a white tee. His leather jacket would finish it. He liked to look put-together for SHIELD (he was a captain inside those walls, after all) but he also wanted it to be clear that he wasn't there in any official capacity. He fixed his hair in the mirror with a tiny bit of Tony's gel to keep it in place, but only a little. He hated it shiny. It reminded him of the old Aphas in pinstriped suits that used to march around the city streets, absolutely full of themselves.
The thought of having to protect himself against Bucky was strange. Without HYDRA in the picture Steve genuinely didn't see him as a threat. It was Bucky who needed protecting, perhaps even from himself.
"  Pepper slapped him again.  "Get ahold of yourself!  ...oh my God, you have a concussion... who's the president, Tony?  When's your birthday?"
But he held his own as a civilian.  He was in better shape than most for his age and he knew his fucking weapons.
He flipped the photo over, looking for some more information on it, but there was nothing except for a date.  Tony squinted at the numbers.  They were familiar.  Stane's handwriting.  He must have been the one who took the photo and gave it to Howard.
He wondered how he'd react if Bucky finally asked why Steve was mad at him. Maybe he'd snap. Maybe he'd shrug it off. Steve had been mad at him for years; he doubted if Bucky even knew what he was like when he
He gathered up his meager belongings, shoved them into the knapsack he'd stolen, and left the empty house to find a payphone.  He couldn't, so he ended up robbing a phone from a jogger because it was easier. He knocked her out and left the body on the side of a path in the park, putting a good couple of miles between them before taking out the phone.
Steve wrapped his black wool coat around himself as they stepped outside, hand automatically finding Tony's as they stepped outside and got into the taxi the hotel had called for them. A traditional 'black cab' apparently. To Steve it just looked like a slightly blobbier looking car.  Tony, used to limos, immediately leaned into the front seat to stare at the dashboard, much to the driver's discomfort.
"Hello, Bridget," said George pleasantly, voice suddenly much deeper, more formal.  "I was recently given Madeline's card by an associate and I was hoping to enroll my child in your institution.  I've heard very positive things."
"So what?" Steve said, voice quiet. "You want me to sit around and wait with you until Pepper's available and then just move away into the background like the good omega I am?"
Tony let Steve take him upstairs; once in the bedroom, he shoved Steve into the bed, shoved blankets over him, and then lay down on top of him.
Tony's eyes snapped open and he sat up.  This was the Tony Stark most people never got to see; his hair was in all directions and his beard, usually sharply defined, was losing the battle to stubble.  He reached for a pair of glasses on the nightstand and put them on to glare at Steve.
"I hear you're a man who's good at poker.  Will I be seeing you tonight? I happen to be excellent at it, myself."
The omega had placed his hand over the soldier's heart and murmured that he loved him, then stepped away. The soldier had followed and the omega got upset.
"Anyway, can you come over?  I'm... um, I'm pretty... pretty legitimately shaken up."  Tony's voice betrayed him in that moment. His tone, which had been one of light, forced casualness, wavered a little.
Tony sobered up quickly at that.  "Yes. Very tragic," he agreed. "You have my greatest sympathy, your highness."  (Tony clearly had no idea what to call him even though Pepper had already told him.  Twice.)
Then he heard it. A scuffle behind him. Steve whipped around. Nothing. "Tony?" He called out and then frowned when he got no response.
"No," she agreed softly. "He's not." Then Natasha patted his arm, a weird gesture for her in itself. "You better get back down there. He might need your help."
at him. People glanced twice at post-serum Steve Rogers, sometimes even three times. People hit on him. People tried to kiss him- some of them
Happy yanked the wheel and pulled into a small strip mall on the coast, cutting off another car that honked angrily at them.
Steve was almost blushing. He looked sheepish, his expression cute. "Anything else you wanted to know?"
"I swear to Turing..." growled Tony as he and Donner drove north on the Pacific Coast Highway.  His hackles were up and he wasn't bothering to try to flatten them. They were in one of Tony's convertibles, a sleek sunburst-orange Corvette.  It was a lovely, clear, blue-skied day. Donner looked absolutely mortified; he was shrunk into his seat, unhappy at being in such close proximity to an aggressive Alpha.
"Where are we gonna go for lunch?" Steve asked Tony curiously, head tilted. "Apparently food is much better now but I've never really experienced more than a takeaway. As much as I love spending time with Clint, he's not the most cultured of people."
Dr. Gleason, however, reached for Steve's hand instead and shook it.  "I'm very sorry for your loss, Captain.  If you need any support, please feel free to call me and I can recommend some very good groups.  Or, if you prefer, private doctors to speak to.  I'll be in touch."
"Hiya.  Can you get this bad boy open for me?  I need to weld something," said Tony, relaxing a little and gesturing to the wrench.  He glanced at his watch; it was just past 6 am.
Tony shuffled out of the kitchen, through the living room.  DeSoto was staring at the television, fingers still in his ears.  Tony wondered if he would sit like that all day unless Tony stopped him.
"...you must feel better.  If you're drawing," said Tony cautiously.  A pause. "Aria has your sketchbook, the one that was in Siberia.  She said it was better if SHIELD didn't see it. Natasha gave it to her.  ...in case, y'know, you want it back." Another pause. "...how's your neck feel?" he ventured cautiously.
normal?  God damn it.  Since bonding, Tony had noticed he spent a lot more time feeling stupid than normal.
Tony tried to take a swig of the bottle but it was empty.  He began crawling toward the bar.  It was hard; the world was moving pretty significantly and his coordination was non-existent.
"Are the defense systems active... JARVIS?" Maria asked, evidently finding it weird to be talking at the air.
This was yet another thing Steve wasn't happy about.  Aside from drinking, Tony employed an elaborate method of self-medication that was probably not very healthy.  When he was stressed, he took pills to sleep because it was the only way to prevent himself from having nightmares.  Steve had nightmares, too, sometimes, but pills didn't work on him. Nothing did, really. But even if they had, Tony knew Steve was the kind of guy who'd stick it out.  Deal with it. Tony wasn't like that. Why do things the hard way? One of the things he loved about robotics was automating difficult tasks.
"Howard never treated you right," he offered, half-remembering.  His brow furrowed. "Always bragging how he created perfection, how you were his greatest creation... always trying to touch you.  That guy was a bastard."
A man stepped before them. An Alpha, who Steve could instantly tell was a reporter. He was smiling too wide and his glasses were too big on his face.
Steve had finished bandaging his hand, but he was still holding it.  Tony didn't move to pull it away.  Steve's tender care had elicited something in Tony, a sense of comfort, of belonging.  No one had ever done this for him, except Pepper.  Tony mopped up most of his own wounds, and had done so since childhood.
Of course, the very next time they were together, Howard had gotten drunk and coped a feel, disproving Steve's temporary hope that maybe now that he was in the army, people might treat him better.
Richard went on to go through series of diagrams, making jokes to try and ease the awkwardness and Steve sort of had to admit he liked him. He didn't make any derogatory comments about omegas, or anyone else, for that matter.  He used horseshoe interchangeably with omega, but Steve had grown up in a time when horseshoe was the normal term and he didn't feel like Richard's use of it was malicious in the slightest.
Finally, the beam hit the particle bottle ring, the thin wire triangle that should stabilize it.  The room lit up, white-hot; Tony was sweating, and he could smell Steve, and above him, Coulson and Barton, all of them alluring in their own way, their sweet little omega scents mixing with the other comforting, familiar smells of Tony's lab: oil and grease and gasoline and hot metal.  The particle bottle ring was glowing blue.  There was a loud boom from below them.
Tony shook his head a little.  "...they all think they're coming back.  No one goes off thinking they'll be one of the unlucky ones," he said quietly.  He waved at his half-eaten breakfast. Or dinner. Whatever. "I'm done. I'm just gonna sleep until it's time to go.  Wake me up then, okay?"
Steve had gotten used to selfies, although he still found the concept strange. He grew up in a time when people were always taking photographs of other people, never themselves. And he still never did it himself, only ever with other people.
"W-what?  B-but I'm on a delivery shift, I mean, I can't just-- just--"  The delivery driver faltered. Tony waited impatiently.
Tony was drifting to sleep in Steve's lap, smiling, cuddling into his hard, flat stomach.  Steve's willingness to make this public was almost,
"Naw, they like seeing me here.  The company's got my name. I'm kind of the mascot," said Tony breezily.
"A hundred percent," said Fury.  "...even if he's just a consultant.  He's a powerful ally.  He's already hacked SHIELD twice.  That's one of the most brilliant minds in the world."
"Tony... Stan is going through his heat," she said gently. "Stan. Your PA, remember? Your employee. You're his boss and you can't do what you want to right now. I know it's hard. I know you're hurting, and so is Stan. But you have to step back and
"This isn't about omega rights, Tony. Just me," Steve said quietly and willed his shoulder line to tense back down. This wasn't good, just before they went live...Steve wasn't good at pretending. But he would have to be. He would be. Maybe him and Tony could work this out. After a couple of conversations, or something. He didn't even know what he was doing, Steve realized. Couldn't Tony feel it though? How shitty it made Steve feel when his other half literally ogled body types that were 100% unattainable for him and then made demands and ordered him around like he was nothing more than one of the many nameless stagehands? He sighed.
He pumped himself in and out of Steve, always stopping just before forcing the knot in; if they knotted then they would be late for sure and he didn't feel like explaining that to Pepper or Aria.  It was so tempting to bury himself, to feel Steve's body grip him and hold him, but he didn't dare; he knew how much the interview mattered to Steve and wanted to behave so he could negotiate more quickies in the future.
Bucky took a hint and looked out the window.  His expression was blank.  As if this new century and all its wonders didn't fascinate him in the slightest.  The old Bucky would have had eyes like dinner plates.
. SHIELD's far from perfect, but they're just...shady, if you like. HYDRA's something else; they're just plain evil. SHIELD helps get rid of HYDRA. It's not really a contest...I mean, we won't always be doing
He stared at himself in the mirror. The light in the room was ghoulish. It was around five in the morning. Steve didn't recognise himself.
going to listen to you now.  I might be from the past. But men like you can't see a future that's more than just yourself," Steve said, "and that's the reason men like you will be forgotten, and men like me will be remembered."  With that, he walked out.
began to register what Tony had just said, about being called Bucky, about calling him Pepper. During his heats Steve laughed at everything and nothing. He would start giggling from eating a banana, or because he was taking a piss. Anything could set him off really. And Tony just had. The moment he came on Steve's face, he started laughing so hard he began wheezing.
"They're usually come from semi-affluent families. Friend of a friend type of deal. None of the Alphas here would usually put their kid or direct relative into this kind of auction. It's unpredictable, what kind of Alpha you might end up with.  Anyway everyone here has money so if their kid came out as a breeder they could just send them to a conversion camp.  The zeros who are here are usually here 'cause someone knew someone.  You know?"
"Okay.  Explain," said Fury, folding his hands neatly.  He nodded to Steve. "Tell me what happened."
"Well, certainly, I've spoken to Gene, but... Kerry is a sweet, sensitive child.  I would really like her to be bonded to an Alpha as a primary mate."
Then he found it.  It was subtle, but Steve's reaction was not; his eyes glazed and his lips parted in a half-sigh, half-groan.
"Beautiful," said Tony after a moment.  "...perfect."  He came to a stop in front of Steve and set his head on Steve's head, gently guiding his face back to Tony's knee.
Peggy made everything better. She always had and she always would. Steve always thought this must be weird for her, especially so. She'd watched Tony grow up, known Steve many decades prior and then had seen them get together in the modern day. But if it was, she never commented on it. The image of Joey hacking off some random guy's hand felt a world away in her house.
"Yeah.  It's below the surface.  You couldn't see it from the outside but apparently he's still bonded to some guy from the roarin' twenties."
"I am sit--" began Tony before realizing he was on his feet.  He sat but was up again and pacing almost immediately.  His heart was pounding in his chest.
"Calm yourself, soldier," warned Karpov; they were striding through the large hangar; people were pouring out en masse.
somehow, like he'd been here before. Steve kicked his shield up into his grip and then moved to push the door open, "One sec..."
Steve shot Natasha a pleading look, but Natasha's eyes only narrowed further when the waitress brought over all of Tony's drinks.  Maybe service might have been denied to a lesser man, but everyone in the bar clearly knew who he was, and they were all not-so-subtlety gawking.
. And that man, Jarvis, who Tony had spoken so fondly about.  Hadn't Tony ad mused over his relationship with his father?  Everything had been confirmed in the most soothing way, a balm on decades of uncertainty. And then the proof destroyed. Fate was being so cruel to Tony Stark as of late.
Steve moved to sit up and then promptly fell off the bed, into darkness. He groaned. "Fuck you," he mumbled, to no one in particular. Well, mostly to Bucky, but he couldn't exactly hear him.
Steve didn't ride him like he had in the bath. Steve didn't want to break the table, or any of Tony's equipment. Or Tony. He kept the pace steady and thorough, rising up and down in a slow but firm rhythm. He moaned quietly from the back of his throat as he bottomed out yet again, cheeks not flushed from his run anymore.
"To be honest I'd agree to nearly anything to get this damned tracker off... it's ruining my tan," said Tony.  It was unclear if he was joking or not.
"Okay," said Tony, staring moodily out the window.  After a moment, he reached over to turn on the radio.  Track one: War Pigs.
"Someone should go get Captain America!" yelled one of the onlookers.  "They're gonna kill each other!"
They spent the rest of the day screwing in the kitchen and it worked well, really. Food and water were always at hand and so were copious amounts of pills. Steve even delivered food outside of Phil's tent along with more ice when him and Tony managed to separate for brief moments. They broke off a few more pieces of marble and the surface of the counter actually cracked when Steve rode Tony on top of it, but aside from that the damage was minimal. As the end of the day finally came crawling around Steve felt far less needy and desperate than he had before.
Steve didn't even glance up from the letter to see the flowers, finishing it to the end. "He's called Mark. He's eighteen. He says he was assaulted about three months ago, the police didn't believe his story. Now he's pregnant and he can't afford an abortion and his boyfriend's left him." He murmured, voice a little thick. Steve lowered the letter and looked up into Tony's eyes as the topiary artists disappeared having set the flowers down.
"...I worry about Donner," said Tony suddenly, setting down an empty bottle and reaching for the six-pack to grab a second one.  "It's like Gideon just gets off on the idea of... well...
Steve had taken time to relax whilst he could. He'd been pretty tense, even after cuddling with Tony in bed and watching him drift off to sleep. He had a bath (and the bathroom suite was gorgeous), filling the water with a strawberry-scented liquid that made the air around him almost taste sweet. It felt good to lie back and think of nothing. If Steve's neck neck twinged a little in an unsettling memory then he consciously ignored it. Steve definitely didn't want to think of the likes of Frond right now.
, thought Tony, annoyed.  The whole scent-mate thing struck him as the omega's fault.  After all, it was Steve's heat that had triggered it in the first place.
, which had always been pretty sympathetic toward Tony in the past.  Tony tried to make his publicity short and sweet and exclusive, and only talk to outlets he knew would present him in a good light.  That had gotten easier after Afghanistan; people liked him more as Iron Man than as a defense contractor.  But it was still, at times, difficult.  His reputation as an eccentric, out-of-touch, womanizing billionaire made a lot of people resent him.  Tony had never cared before (those people were clearly jealous), but now that he and Steve were an item, he was hyper-aware of how his actions would reflect on Steve, who, so far, had managed to keep his nose clean.  People genuinely
"Well, I didn't know about it; my invitation must have gotten lost in the mail.  I just saw the news.  Sounds like a party.  Hey, so, did your assistant book me that spot at the Expo?  I have something I think you're really, really gonna be blown away by."
He sat on the edge of the bed while Steve attacked his breakfast, reaching up his robe to stroke his back.  "We need to let in one news crew to give them a soundbite.  Not an interview.  Just to. reassure people.  Pepper and Aria are setting it up.  We just smile for the camera, tell 'em we're okay, that that's that.  People think it was a hate crime.  You getting attacked.  ...as usual, you look like a total hero.  And there weren't any civilian casualties, FYI.  ...so everything's golden, Stevie."  He rubbed his shoulders, letting his thumb run over Steve's neck.
"If he's scared it probably means they haven't hurt him yet. Fear comes before pain. And if he was in pain, you would feel it," Natasha tried to reassure him. Sam was flying the jet; they thought giving him something to focus on would help calm him down after the fight with Tony.
"You've had enough to drink.  I'm cutting you off. Keep your hands to yourself, Tony.  Out of respect for Steve."
"Only down sixteen, actually," said Pepper grumpily.  "The Expo was a disaster.  A complete disaster.  But people like you, they like Iron Man, and now you've got Steve, so... it's not like it was two years ago. We're okay.  Frankly, the Expo was a sinkhole for our money anyway.  If it weren't such a public relations nightmare, it would've be awful, but we've got six confirmed causalities and obviously probably a dozen upcoming lawsuits, at least."
He floated around the house trying to avoid the sudden influx of people.  He didn't mind Pepper, who had apparently taken it upon herself to help Steve catch up with modern culture.  While Tony was busy trying to explain Duran Duran and
that I was interested in... I mean, you seem... like... like you're a good omega and all..." said Tony, awkwardly.  He had no idea how to deal with criers.
Tony looked up, sharply.  His heart jumped into his throat.  For a split second, he wondered if he'd imagined it.
Over Steve's shoulder, Tony saw the kids in white watching them, wide-eyed.  They looked kind of like they were in a cult.
Tony flopped onto the pooldeck, his lower half still in the water.  He was panting softly, trying to staunch a nosebleed; on the other side of the pooldeck, some of Pitbull's entourage was trying to help him staunch an identical one.
Tony stared at him in confusion.  Was that a hint of sarcasm? It was too early in the morning to bristle.  Tony sipped Steve's coffee and winced again.
Lydia turned to get another collar, and Tony sidestepped to get a look at the back of her neck, curiosity overwhelming him.
"Uh... sure.  Here's our volunteer tent; we have some Status Alliance volunteers who came all the way from Birmingham-- Barb here is a rape counselor, hello, Barb-- come meet the volunteers, all the counselors are dying to meet you, Captain..."
"C'mon, I bet Banksy's party will last all night long... what's another ten or fifteen minutes?" he asked into Steve's thigh.  There was something very sexy to him about these role reversal, Tony on his knees and naked, Steve standing over him, arms crossed, looking both amused and exasperated.  Unlike Tony, Steve was usually on time.
"She and Ana are down at the stables, sir.  I don't think they expected you up for another few hours.  I imagine she'll be back shortly."
Tony let Steve pull him to his feet.  The headache that had come so suddenly had vanished just as quickly, leaving Tony only with a shaky memory of it.
Tony set his chin on Steve's shoulder and kissed his earlobe lightly.  He didn't say anything because he had nothing witty to say.  His hand was still around Steve and he was sticky with the other one's fluids but he didn't move.  Holding Steve to him felt amazing; he wanted to savor it for a few minutes.
"Assholes," proclaimed Tony as he leafed through a tabloid, days later.  Happy, Rhodey, and Agent Mackenzie were reading over the same one.
"Sure.  What better way to spend Friday night than to scramble my subconscious using questionably legal government drugs and equipment?" said Tony glibly.
He was about half way through, using cross-hatching to make the clouds pop out on the page, when his fingertips suddenly felt cold and his hands began to shake. His teeth threatened to chatter. He dropped the pencil onto the floor, probably breaking the lead inside. Steve didn't understand what was happening. He stared down at his hands with a frown...maybe it was phantom pain from the ice (he'd gotten in it in his toes and neck before). But this didn't feel
Tony leaned forward and ran his thumbs under Steve's eyes, which were watery, and then leaned back, as if embarrassed to have been caught being soft, and instead pulled his tie off and began to unbutton his shirt.
He looked back over his shoulder and met Twelve's gaze. She looked absolutely terrific, although he couldn't tell if she was furious with him or the situation; her mismatched eyes watched him go.
"But-- but we haven't--"  Tony couldn't remember what they were supposed to do.  "--haven't-- completed the objective, we hadn't found Clint, and Nat
"How about you and I just... spend tonight in, hang out at the Expo tomorrow, maybe grab a spa day over the weekend?  It's not like the suits are going anywhere," said Tony.  He ran one rough hand down Steve's arm and felt an unintentional pang of joy.  Whatever misgivings his rational mind had, his body and his emotions were both in agreement about one thing.  Steve made him happy.  Being around Steve, touching Steve, hearing Steve, smelling him... his body craved Steve like it craved alcohol.
need maintaining). But Steve didn't see much point in sparring anymore if he wasn't going to be a soldier; he'd have to think of something else... and Steve fell asleep like that; curled up in the sheets and lost in his own thoughts.
Be forewarned: this is a long chapter.  And not much happens... just pancakes and sex and some Bucktastic antics.
Tony devoured the article with unconcealed delight.  He knew a media shitstorm when he saw one, and Captain America coming out as omega and giving a personal, candid interview about major political issues was a class-5 hurricane.  Howard, reflected Tony, would have thought the entire mess to be hilarious.  He had already pegged Fury as a man with zero sense of humor; he was guessing that Howard and Fury had butted heads a lot back in the day.  Howard, the same guy who would insist on an omega leading the team, would have been equally amused to watch said omega kick up the dirt and throw himself into the spotlight for the hell of it.  Begrudgingly, Tony admitted he and his father were alike in this way.  They both firmly believed that any publicity was good publicity.
absolutely furious, the asset still felt a magnetic draw to him that he couldn't explain.  He liked his smell, even when it was angry. He liked his voice and his expressions. He liked him a lot.  Just being around him gave him the same feeling as when he was around Karpov and Karpov told him he was good or gave him a cigarette or helped him brush his hair from his face.
"He wore the collar so we would be equal, because the conference wouldn't let me in without one," Steve explained patiently. "So if you mean he's an Alpha who treats me like a person and not a subordinate, then yes, I guess he's different." Steve's smile was faultless but anyone who knew him well would know it wasn't genuine. "And he knelt down because that's tradition. He wasn't inferring anything by it."
He distantly realized his left hand still hurt and that the fingers were probably sprained but that didn't need to be fixed right this minute. Steve just tugged Tony towards the sofa and straddled his lap once they got there, his hands curling around his Alpha's shoulders.
"Was the baby born?" Happy asked as they got into the car, sounding excited but weary considering the hour of the morning.  It was late; Donner's entire delivery had taken a little over fourteen hours, which, Richard assured them, was completely typical for a male omega, and actually not bad, for the first time.
"I...I keep telling you! He asked for HYDRA. He didn't ask for SHIELD.  But he didn't tell me anything, I swear.  Just that he wanted revenge!"
Frond appeared out of the balcony doors, pulling out a cigarette to light. She glanced over and saw Tony, her eyes glinting something wicked. "That was an awfully dirty trick you pulled last night, Stark," she said, but it almost sounded like she approved. She leaned against the balcony edge, taking a drag. Surprisingly, Frond was polite enough to tilt her head away so Tony didn't get any of the smoke. "I imagine DeSoto set a good example last night. He's a very well behaved boy."
The moment the suit was off Tony practically threw himself off the stage, landing hard onto the glass-and-concrete rubble of the abandoned promenade.  His brain was whirling with math: at six miles an hour (a light jog) he could get back to the hospital in twenty minutes, and if he ran, he could be there in less than fifteen.
"So... so you went to spend the day with your other mate... and you told me to leave me alone... I think... right?  I... I tried to find you, with the bond, but you pushed me away. But... but now you got me flowers. And... that." Tony nodded toward the box.  He felt suspicious of the contents.
Callum went to take the next shot and fucked it up royally. Charlotte downed the rest of her drink and let out a withered sigh.
Tony sighed softly, happily, letting sleep catch up to him, focusing on the steady heartbeat of the omega in his arms instead of the nagging feeling of worry that had settled into his gut.
"Вы не хотите его потерять его из-за этого," Natasha summarized. Steve nodded. Sam rolled his eyes. He didn't know Russian either.
"No," she said curtly, ears going from pink to red.  "Come on, hurry up or we'll be late. Steve, don't get crumbs on your tie.  Tony, don't put scotch in your coffee."
The delivery driver was halfway through making his first stack (Tony had tried one and approved) when Steve wandered in sleepily in a robe.
"Kerry!" A beta male in round glasses was looking most displeased still. "What are you going to do about my salad?"
"I'll go in a suit too; I don't know what else I would wear," Steve said with a shrug. He reached for some toast that had been left on the coffee table. It was slathered in butter.
He was starting to discover some unpleasant side effects from the arc reactor, but these, too, he kept hidden.  Even Pepper didn’t know.  Tony was managing it himself and was doing a decent job, in his opinion.  The palladium was degrading into rhodium and it was poisoning him, but a cursory Google search had revealed that chlorophyll could mop up free radicals from the blood.  So Tony just had to keep choking down smoothies and he’d be fine. He turned away from Steve and began striding, confidently, toward the meeting room.
and covered in enamel, were proving impossible to melt.  Calcium orthophosphate, he'd learned, had a melting point of 1670 C, and so he'd resorted to chemical experiments, including popping his baby teeth into bowls of battery acid.
"A sex tape?  You mean like pornography?" Steve asked, sounding scandalized, and Natasha yelled a responding
Across the room, Tony was trying to wheedle a drink out of the bartender, who looked hesitantly to serve him, considering he was hanging on to the bar for dear life and was clearly drunk.
"You ready to go?" he asked Tony as he glanced over to see his Alpha fixing his hair. Steve walked up behind him and kissed him on the cheek. "You look good."
and if you really want me to leave then I will. But I can feel what you're feeling, Tony, and I know that isn't what you want."  He let out a shuddering breath. "I know the biology of
"He was an idiot not to appreciate you as much as he should have," Steve disagreed softly. Howard was the epitome of an idiotic man who didn't think with his brain first, at least when Steve knew him. He got into plenty of tangles with girls, multiple girls, and if he'd just stopped and
Steve tensed when Tony walked into the room, partly because he could feel his mate's very own tension. He kept his head down, his eyes fixed on the tabletop in front of him. That was a lot of people from SHIELD. He didn't want them to see him like this, so...submissive. People like Nick wouldn't be used to it.
knows but the people in this room-- Aria!"  Pepper looked at the other PA desperately, green eyes wide with panic.  She knew Tony well enough to know this was going to cause a meltdown. A massive one.
Fury looked down at him coolly.  "Well, for one thing, I'd like to get you into an MRI.  And for another, I'd like you to talk to Dr. Brazinski about your association between the Winter Soldier, who is a known HYDRA operative, and Bucky Barnes, who is your Alpha.  There's an obvious conflict of interest there."
"Before all this I didn't understand why I was here. Why I hadn't died," Steve murmured. "But this... this made it all worth it."
," Steve admitted with a small blush, his cheeks turning a tinge pink. It was the truth. He was done with lying to Tony. He just hoped his inexperience didn't put the other off. Steve had had opportunities, of course he had... and if it wasn't for Bucky he wouldn't be a virgin anymore and certainly not out of choice. Bucky had kept him safe from everything.
Tony's mouth twitched; behind his sunglasses, his face was otherwise unreadable.  "...wow, how 'bout that... maybe it's an omen, Steve... about people forgiving us and giving us second chances..."  He realized Steve had been frozen during the entire Beth debacle. Back in the day they'd been a couple of interest.  Both of them had regrettably short names so they'd never gotten a fun nickname like Bradgelina, but they had nonetheless had quite a few headlines together.  "...Beth's an old flame. You'll like her. She's like you, you know, kick-ass and always telling me to drink less," he explained. "She's the beta redhead." He had no idea why he added that.  All his bodyguards were betas and Beth was the only female and Steve could have probably figured out which one she was. "...I guess she's proud of me for settling down," he mused as he climbed into the back of one of three black, unmarked SUVs waiting for them in front of the house.
"No. I mean-- I think every omega who has been through that ordeal is a role model. And a lot of omegas have written very good blogs on dealing with the process, or even whole books. I think there's better people to turn to who can offer more support specifically on this matter. I, personally, will not be talking about it more than I have to," Steve explained simply.  "I'm not qualified."
"Steve, I don't... I don't want to break the bond, I'm sorry I upset you," he choked out, burying his face into Steve's neck.  Steve's whole body was shining with sweat even though he was naked. Tony's teeth brushed against Steve's skin, his throat... he found Steve's hand and tangled their fingers together.  "This sucks, this fucking sucks, in movies and porn and stuff, heats are always fun and sexy..." whined Tony, pushing Steve down. He kneed Steve's legs apart and pulled away from Steve's neck to observe his face.
...he remained silent, his expression steely and determined, until they got back to the hotel. Even then he was only half with it, letting Tony's arm on his waist guide him on through.
"He should be home soon," said Tony, checking his watch impatiently.  They had called Steve but it had rung once and then gone to voicemail, which likely meant that his phone was dead.  Steve always forgot to charge it.
"Tony!  You and Steve left in a big rush and your room is a complete disaster area.  I can't let housekeeping in because--"
"Oh!  Fuck me, I'm supposed to meet Pepper for brunch."  Tony hesitated.  Larchmont was only thirty minutes, due east, probably only a minute in the suit.  But he didn't want to leave Steve.  "...lemme just call her real quick and see if we're still on."  Tony slipped into the bedroom and shut the door behind him.  He was conflicted.  He wanted to see Pepper, let her know he was okay.  Was she mad?  By now she probably knew all about his birthday.  He didn't feel like having anyone ruin the high he was getting from Steve's presence.  Then again, brunch meant mimosas, and Steve's home was woefully devoid of alcohol.
been?"  He felt his lip twitch but fought the urge to bare his teeth.  No one was touching them; they were letting Steve and Tony huddle, and Steve was calming down.  They were safe.
Yes.  Stan was his PA.  Good old Stan Rogers of Queens, New York, who had a BA in business administration and had been personally recommended to him by a couple of his pals at the Department of Defense.
The Winter Soldier seemed to shake out of his daze.  "...wait!" he called, pressing against the cage door.
"All right!" said Tony.  "Start transcribing.  I wanna know everything.  I'll read the records later."  Even though Tony wasn't worried-- he definitely wasn't, not at all, not in the slightest-- he felt like he should probably go make sure Steve was okay.
On the silent television screen, Tina and the man and the blonde newscaster were all gesturing wildly and passionately.
"You're not a very good Alpha, even if you are very dominant," he shot back before he let Tony pull him away. Frond laughed, like she was genuinely amused. Steve might have just given her a compliment. But he would rather that than let the woman think he would just stand there and take her shit. His neck still tingled awkwardly and left him feeling strangely guilty. Steve swallowed, only dully aware of his surroundings until Tony pulled them into the first lift they found.  Neither one needed to consult the other; they both knew they were done with workshops for the day.
His knot was already swollen and throbbing inside of Steve and Steve had barely even begun moving; just the
She hovered by Tiberius before she left. "You've got a good right hook," Maria told him and then she pulled away, hands behind her back as she followed Fury out of the house.
He took Steve's hand and slid the ring onto his finger.  "...not too bad for our first anniversary, huh?" said Tony, kissing the back of Steve's hand.
"You all know this is fairly normal for someone with Steve's experiences... I think he'd do best with a sedative right now."
Steve turned red.  "Yeah.  He's been with lots of girls.  But not omegas," he said, perhaps a tiny bit defensively.  "And it's not like he knows a damn thing about us.  Pretty sure his sex ed was equivalent to mine, actually" Steve pointed out as he settled back, his mind feeling fuzzy. They upped his dose about five times the average to make it work.
He could have just gone and done it and not asked Steve at all, but Steve was his mate and he felt like it would be underhanded to get it done without telling him.
Tony purred softly, bobbing his head up and down Steve's shaft, and reaching between Steve's legs to play with his balls, to stroke his entrance.  Steve had one hand on the side of one of Tony's work benches, white-knuckled. Steve was shaking, no doubt weak-kneed; it gave Tony a small sense of power, to reduce Steve to a quivering, puddly little mess with just his mouth.
A woman.  Brown eyes, staring into his, popping as her life left her.  This was the woman who had taught him to ride a horse; this was the woman who had read him Peter Pan; this was the woman who played the first eight notes of "Ode to Joy" every time she passed the piano in the living room; this was the woman who carried him to bed when he fell asleep in the garage.
Kitty came up beside him and showed him how it fastened, but didn't put it on for him. She was small and probably would have struggled to reach properly anyway. Steve exhaled slowly again to reach up and put it on. He wanted to punch a wall. Maybe when they got back to the hotel he could do some boxing, or something?
Steve froze underneath Tony,  his hands fisting in the sheets. He almost had the Brooklyn accent. It was unnerving and creepy. Steve wasn't sure how many more heats he could go through like this. He felt sick at the knowledge that Bucky was awake. He'd already felt crippled with the guilt of putting him in cryo, no matter how many times Phil assured him he did the right thing. But knowing that Bucky was waking up alone and in pain because of him...it wasn't almost too much. Steve wanted to  be a good person; he was
Tony reached up to pull his shirt up, tossing it aside, pulling back the sheets.  His bed was at least twice the size of Steve's, and the sheets were imported silk.  He was looking forward to probably ruining them.
The soldier looked down and turned the pack of cigarettes over in his hands, unsure of himself.  He looked up. "...his middle name was Grant," he said suddenly.
A beta woman appeared, trailed by a little girl in pigtails.  "Clint! Why didn't you tell me Steve had arrived? I've been in the kitchen for the last hour making French toast... how long has he been here?  Hi, Steve." She pulled him into a hug, apparently not noticing his shock. "It's so good to finally meet you." The little girl grabbed her leg and pressed her face into her mother's jeans, suddenly shy in the presence of a stranger.
"Mm'k," said Tony, arching up into Steve, feeling his slickness.  He pushed himself, pushing up, sighing with satisfaction. Steve sheathed him so nicely.  His knot was tight and bulging around and he was looking forward to plugging Steve up. He looked up to brush a hand over Steve's face.  "This is your heat, so anything you want special, you let me know, okay?" He leaned forward to kiss the corner of Steve's mouth. "I'm your Alpha.  I'm going to take care of you." He bit Steve's lower lip, jutting his hips upward, trying to get more of himself into the blond. Steve was in his lip, legs wrapped around him, and Tony could feel his knot at Steve's entrance, Steve's body stretching against him.  Steve's erection was touching his stomach, rubbing against his skin. "Good boy," he murmured into Steve's mouth, not wanting to break their kiss. His tongue licked around Steve's mouth. It was new all over again. They'd been having sex for seven months but this was far more intense than anything from before.  And the promise of more of it to come, harder, was thrilling. Tony had never had an omega in heat and he couldn't fucking wait.
"I think that's a great idea," said Pepper immediately.  Pepper had been trying to get Tony in any sort of support group or therapy for years.  He refused to talk to anyone about Afghanistan and at times had point-blank denied having night terrors or panic attacks even though Pepper had witnessed plenty of them with her own eyes.
Outside, Tony was able to get to the Expo in less than a minute, land, and have the suit taken off.  (More like "pried off."  It had taken a few hits that had left components badly damaged; the gantry had struggled to remove the components, some of which were crumpled into each other.)
Tony had a trail of beautiful women in his life. Steve didn't know why he'd kindled that flicker of hope that maybe
Then the baby started crying and Aria stood, rocking the baby gently in her arms as she cooed at it. Aria certainly didn't go all gooey-eyed at the babies like Pepper and Ty but she knew what she was doing with them.
“I’ll wake you up in four hours, Tony,” Steve assured him softly as he slipped down off the bed.  He resisted the urge to tug the duvet up over Tony’s shoulders.  “Sleep well,” he whispered before he slipped out the door.  Tony didn’t respond.
"Trust me, Steve, drinking helps me win. Besides, one shot won't make a difference." He ran a hand over Steve's arm, looking down at the rippling muscle.
I had.  Dominance had nothing to do with it.  I didn't care that he was my old mate or that he was dominant or any of that.  I
He spat a few more times before reaching over to tuck Steve back into his pants, zip him back up, and then curl up against him, his head under Steve's arm, staring up at the sky with him.
All at once, there was a flash of red light-- an alarm system, tripped and then instantly shut off-- and then it was dark again and there was a loud, electronic click as the door in front of them unlocked.
you, Nick. You've ruined this relationship.  You've been lying to me since the day you unfroze me.  And you've been making
"It doesn't make me feel as uncomfortable as it did," Steve assured him softly. "But I think-- I think I might feel better about it if you did bite it. If you did claim me again," he rumbled. "I miss it," Steve admitted quietly. "There's that instinct. I miss you..." he trailed a finger down Tony's bicep. "...claiming me like that."
Steve sighed in relief as he stepped into their suite. No DeSoto. No anyone. It was bliss. He stole some toast that was leftover from the morning and then moved to take off his collar as he swallowed a piece whole. He was beginning to doubt the auctionees would walk out...he was asking too much of them. It was too big of a risk. Steve wasn't just asking them to be brave; he was asking them to be reckless and risk a lot. And he felt kind of awful about that. Steve really had no right to do that.
him; she always had...even when he was little Steve Rogers, trying to drive a tank and getting stuck in the mud. She'd laughed at him, arms wrapped around her middle and it had been a warm, not mocking, sound.  Even before the serum, when he was the lone omega on the base and he was failing at every task set to him, he felt that she had respected him.
"I follow my orders," he said, which was true.  His own opinions and desires did not factor into that equation.  There were certainly missions he liked more or less than others. For example, he had recently (or at least it felt like recently; there were big gaps in his memory, missing time, so he was never really sure when things had happened) had to kill a woman while she moaned for her husband, who was already dead, just to obtain an item.  He hadn't liked that but the mission had clearly stated there could be no witnesses and that it had to look like an accident. On the other hand, though, fucking the blond sounded like both an easy mission and also enjoyable, like being ordered to smoke a couple of cigarettes or something.
The palladium-core arc reactor had not been perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but the freedom from that car battery had made all the difference.
Tony sat up, blinking in the pale morning light, shaking his head.  His heart was pounding but the dream had already faded.  He only remembered being tied down and in terrible pain.  An Afghanistan flashback, no doubt.  Automatically, he pulled Steve to him.  "Hey, Steve, your scary redhead friend is here.  Where's Eyeball?"
There was a quiver in his voice and the old Captain America was in the room for a brief second, a glint in his eyes... but then he was gone and he was plain old Steve Rogers again.
"So... meeting with the Council in two days to get your ankles all freed up. Book a holiday for your anniversary. Saturday Night Live in a few weeks and an interview with Banksy within the next week, okay?" Aria said, railing off a list before Steve got out of the car. "You got it?"
, he could already feel his body becoming aggressive, possessive.  It didn't help that they were still in the stupid honeymoon phase.  Tony wondered how long before he'd wrestle his feelings under control.  He'd look it up later.  For now, he wanted to find a way to forgive Steve.  He still hurt.  A mean little part of him wanted to kick Steve out and keep crying to himself, but he found that, with Steve here, in front of him, his scent apologetic, Tony was unable to hold on to that rage.  It was being redirected toward all the other Alphas in Steve's life instead.
...if you think about it, this is the position we were in earlier," Steve pointed out to try and cheer him up as he passed Tony a helmet before putting on his own. He got on first, Tony pressed up behind him on the seat. Steve smiled when he felt arms around his waist and revved up the engine. After his Alpha gave him the address he was headed out of the apartment block car park and onto the road.
?  It's by Black Sabbath.  They're a band?  You might like it.  The lyrics anyway, I don't know about the style.  The lyrics are about what you said, about people romanticizing war.  That was the first song I ever learned to play.  We can listen to their album in the car;
"I don't care.  You can't give him another test, you're going to fuck him up in the head.  What, once wasn't good enough?  The guy's been through enough. He passed, didn't he?  Who cares if some super-assassin showed up?  I mean, hell, it's not like there's not a ton of people with weird prosthetics in Steve's life- there's me, there was that guy who attacked us in Monaco... Bam, that's two Alphas with weird metal appendages in the last week alone.  What're you gonna possibly find out by putting him under again, huh, that your stupid program is broken and it's dumping crazy assassins into people's subconscious minds without meaning to?  No way.  Forget it.  It's not happening."
Of course, even though it had been pushed back three hours, Tony was late.  When Tony finally entered the lobby of the Stark Industries building after taking a two-hour lunch, Steve was pacing frustratedly; he sighed in relief when he spotted Tony finally waltzing in through the double doors.  “You need to get up here,” he told him, holding out Tony’s double espresso with a clear look of disapproval on his face.
It had been a sleek, matte black, a rocket whose only identification was his own crisp, white name: STARK.  But he didn't need any identification to recognize it.  It was one of a series of short-range explosives with a small blast radius, a line Tony had glibly named "The Delegates."
He was still shaking. His forehead was clammy and his shirt was sticking to him a little. Steve didn't look good, his skin having taken on a pale, waxy tinge. He clutched Tony's hand in both of his, focusing on the bumps of his knuckles He screwed his eyes shut. The phone was still ringing. It was making his head hurt. "Could-- could you pass it to me?" he asked, not sure his legs would support him if he tried to walk over and fetch it right now. "I just... I gotta, in case it's Nat."
Steve was half aware of her fingers in his hair. He'd driven all the way to SHIELD, demanded a ride to England.  One of the perks of working for a place like SHIELD was how easy they made travel. It was tiring, the plane ride; planes were like luxury cruises now, smooth and quiet compared to the ones in Steve's day.  But the travel itself was still exhausting.
"I get you needing space. Even if the whole concept of 'space' is a little weird to me," Steve said quietly. In the forties they hadn't had the luxury of 'space.' Space was something rich people enjoyed, but they couldn't. Space was something him and Bucky could never have afforded. They could not get away from each other; when Bucky needed space, he'd often leave to go to an all-Alpha bar.  But even when Bucky was out and Steve was alone, he could still here the neighbours shuffling around. The old woman, Tilly, was always baking cakes and drinking sherry and the young couple above them were always at it. Steve pretended that he thought it was gross but really he envied them.
It wasn't just the reactor.  It was the half-inch of scarring around the base plate.  Before the arc reactor, Tony's chest had been hooked up to a fucking car battery.  Half the nerves were fried, and the flesh surrounding the original shrapnel wounds was melted into pale, raised whorls of pink.  It was not a pretty sight.
He set his plate on the coffee table and snuggled up to Steve comfortingly.  He reached up and began stroking Steve's hair absent-mindedly.  "You wanna watch the news?  I'm guessing you're their new favorite celebrity trainwreck.  ...there's gonna be assholes, Steve.  You know there's gonna be assholes.  But you gotta do what you gotta do."  He let his arm fall over Steve's shoulders and he pulled Steve's body against him, tugging the blankets around them.
People were abandoning their cars and running for the sidewalks, taking shelter in buildings and behind letter boxes and fire hydrants and anything else they could.  It was chaos.
And then Steve slipped into the water, naked, and waded over. He gently slid the sunglasses onto Tony's face. "You really are used to having servants, aren't you?" he asked, tone not critical at all, more curious than anything else.
The kitchen was, as expected, teeming with omegas. There was a few betas sprinkled amongst the chefs but every waiter and waitress was an omega. And when Steve stepped in behind the scenes they all turned to look at him. And they all looked
There was a glass of water on the coffee table. Steve reached for it and downed it in a single gulp.
The two of them lapsed into silence for another minute, waiting impatiently for the suit to open enough for Tony to remove himself from it.  After several long minutes, Tony was finally able to step backwards out of it.
me. Jesus, maybe in today's standards but not in the forties," Steve huffed, looking more annoyed than anything else. "He didn't do anything the president didn't do," he added and Maria quirked a brow up at that.
Steve stared at the empty doorway. "I think I'm gonna be sick. Wait. No." He held out a hand, closing his eyes for a brief moment. "Fuck," he whispered, to no one in particular. He couldn't believe this. "Did he say he'd had four before? What does he mean
Banksy took another deep breath.  "Boz and I were pair-bonded for thirty years.  The-- the first two years I hated-- I hated every second of it.  I hated being bonded to him and I know he knew that. But... but the reason I say all this is because... because Boswell and I had a relationship that evolved.  Boswell did not discipline me. He did not get angry when I spoke back to him. I got braver, and one day, when he told me to kneel, I told him I would not. And Boswell said to me... he said..."  Banksy's eyes teared up and he began crying but he kept speaking. "...he said he would never make me kneel if I didn't want to. But I had to say it. That-- that was the Boswell-- that's the Boswell who I have to-- say goodbye to today.  Boswell gave me my voice. He fought to get me on his show and he fought to turn the show over to me. Boswell was old-fashioned but he and I grew together... we grew toward each other, and with each other. And after thirty years, I can say that the worst day of my life wasn't meeting him.  It was losing him. Without him, I wouldn't have ever learned to be the omega I am. Our relationship started in a bad way but-- but I love my mate. I do. I will always love him and the way I remember him is not as the man I knelt for, but the man who told me that I didn't have to. Boswell lived a long life and he watched the world change around him and he changed with it, something that-- that not many people can do very easily.  He was an inspiration, I think. I-- I love him and I miss him and-- and I wish--" Banksy's tears flowed harder. "--wish I could just-- kneel for him one more time," he finished in a croak. He couldn't go on; he was crying too hard.
"Jasper is the least emotionally invested... maybe he didn't want to talk to anyone with connections to Tony," said Sam.
Pietro's face fell.  "...oh... no... that's not the same book, James.  That's just a notebook for sale. Look, there's like ten of them."
Because none of his emotions came out in a constructive way, Tony's awful coping habits spiraled.  His drinking went up, his sleeping and eating patterns became more erratic, and he woke Steve up more than once yelling in his sleep.
And Tony couldn't help but resent the idea that the Howard he'd known, the stern drinker and steely-eyed businessman, had a rich inner life and complex past that Tony had never been privy to.  Howard had been known, in Steve's time, as a charming heart-breaker with a sharp sense of humor and an unpredictable flair for the dramatic. To Tony, the Howard Steve had known was the real Howard, and his father was a shadow of that, a man who withheld affection and approval and spent a lot of time brooding in his office.
Steve dropped it.  Tony was clearly not in a mood to talk seriously about it.  Steve nudged his nose against the other's. "You want coffee?"
to be equals, they just want an Alpha to take care of them and yeah, okay, maybe their Alpha happens to marry a beta or whatever but it doesn't mean you like your omega any less, right?  I mean, Dad loved Jarvis to death, but he had Mom, too, and..."  Tony paused.  Steve looked seconds away from throwing a punch at Tony and, for the first time in his life, Tony actually felt scared of an omega.  Even worse, Steve's eyes looked
Steve appeared outside less than a minute later. "Hey, everything okay?" He'd felt a tightness in his chest and suddenly it had been hard to breathe when he'd been trying to order a mushroom and pineapple pizza. He walked up to Tony, a hand on his arm as he tried to read the other's facial expression. Steve knew what it probably was: the subtle scent of cigarette smoke still lingering in the air.
Steve sighed and frowned a little at Tony's admission, not knowing what he could say to make it better. "Okay," Steve murmured and squeezed his hand. "But can you not do the neck thing straight away? Don't get me wrong, it feels great... but I kind of lose all coherent thought. I want to be
"Thanks, Nat."  The two women exchanged places; a moment later, Natasha was pushing Lila on the tire swing while swiping at Cooper, who was running around pelting her with snowballs.
"Steve." Fury sighed. "Nothing is black and white, remember. There's good and bad in everything. I know the tesseract caused a lot of harm-"
Pepper and Steve headed upstairs, his mind confused as to what this could possibly be about. "Is everything okay?" he asked tentatively as they stepped into his and Tony's bedroom. "Aside from the usual, I mean.  ...you said everything was okay, earlier."
He used the edge of his shield to hack through into the cage surrounding the first generator and checked with Natasha over comms before he cut the right wire. Then Steve headed back to meet her. She dropped down from a tree and nearly gave him a heart attack, pulling her goggles up without even messing up her hair.
Steve had been sitting on the ground for a while, phone in his hand, staring.  Who knew how much time had passed.
Tony stared at his teacup and wondered if he might be able to drown himself in it.  He had not realized such photos of him even existed.
But when that man had tried to come buy Steve off of his mother he'd only been sixteen. Maybe the man was rich. Maybe he would have taken Steve to events like this one. Who knew.
He realized, too late, that the thing was locking and that he couldn't really take it off even if he wanted to; he'd need to get the key, which was probably buried in their luggage, and the two of them were stuck fast together.
Steve ducked out of Tony's hold, suddenly wanting to be anywhere but this goddamn party. "I can't have children, Tony, so you have absolutely nothing to worry about," he assured him and then turned on his heel and left. Tony could get his own drink. God knows he'd had enough already. He just searched for a balcony. He wanted some fresh air.
"I kind of like the thought of passive-aggressively turning up at all the mostly-Alpha restaurants we possibly can," Steve hummed. There was already a middle-aged Alpha across the room who was shooting him the occasional glare. A traditionalist, probably. No doubt he was broken-hearted to to find out Steve was, in fact, an O all a long.
The tile on the floor felt good.  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's broad chest and closed his eyes, pressing his cheek onto the cool floor, his breathing ragged.  The panic attack, the fucking, having Aria walk in on them... he was feeling thoroughly worn out, emotionally speaking. And physically, he was definitely hurting.
Tony didn't want to admit he was panicking, but he was.  Of course he was.  Because he was arriving alone to what was frankly Steve's dinner.  Steve was Captain America, for cryin' out loud.
"Dilation," said the doctor from between Steve's legs.  He was two fingers deep inside him.  "Sometimes, the cervix dilates when there's been a miscarriage."
. Steve was squirming and wriggling beneath him just right, clenching around Tony's member as he let out the sweetest and most desperate sounds. His cheeks were flushed a pretty pink and his eyes glazed over with elation, from both the heat and Tony's presence. Steve trembled under ever thrust and arced his back up into it, moaning every time Tony hit that sweet spot inside of him just right.
He was halfway through the room, heading back to bed, when his sight returned to him in an instant. Steve almost doubled over from shock, his eyes blinking wearily at the bright light that bled in from the bathroom.
He also took the liberty of checking on his friend in the infirmary on level A-4.  Pietro's hand had been rebandaged.
!"  Donner twisted around in his seat, looking terrified.  "No. Please. C-cousin Steve, I want you to stay with me, p-please.  I'm sorry, I'm-- I'm scared. Please stay."
Steve was right- the floor was actually very cold.  Tony hadn't noticed.  Steve's body was heavy on his, very heavy.  Tony tried to relax under him, feeling stupid, but there was no better solution; they were stuck and Tony wasn't going to get his omega freeze.
."  Lately, he'd noticed Steve dressing a little snazzier.  He blamed Pepper and Aria for this. Steve was like a Ken doll.  (Tony had had to explain to him what a Ken doll was when he mentioned it.)  "But I have to admit, I kind of like you like this," added Tony, framing Steve with his hands.  "I find this particular look to be very persuasive, for some reason. ...I bet if you asked me to do something, I'd be tempted to actually listen for once."  He looked at Steve pointedly.
"I'll put on some coffee... we can talk on the back porch," said Natasha, turning to go downstairs.  She was well-aware that Steve probably had a million questions; it was a testament to his patience that he had allowed Cooper to commandeer the conversation to explain dinosaurs and Pokemon to him.
"...quite fascinating, actually.  When Alphas and omega bond, they have a connection, mentally.  Generally a very shallow and subconscious one.  We're not yet entirely sure how it works.  In the case of trios, the Alpha can serve as a link between omegas.  This is actually very interesting.  I've never seen two Alphas and an omega.  As far as we can tell, Rogers is acting as a go-between for Barnes and Stark."
He threw on a robe and hovered while Steve got up to brush his teeth and shave.  He didn't need to ask what Steve's plans were for the day; Steve was pulling on exercise clothes and had that determined "Captain America" glint in his eye.  Tony planned to probably sleep sandwiched between a couple of gym mats, possibly with a bottle, and then call up Pepper and make sure they had an in with
Dr. Brennan reached over and tapped the appointment card.  "Make sure you don't miss these. Remember, everything we talk about in session is in confidence... but if you're a no-show, we have to report it to SHIELD, who, in turn, reports it to the WSC.  And right now, they want blood."
(PS: Reminder: if you like Omega Rising, consider helping us name the first four parts.  You can win prizes!  Copy and paste this link to check out the form: https://goo.gl/forms/owng8a7o44TBOFlv2)
"Please don't put magnets in your head!" Steve called back, grabbing Tony's favorite shower gel and shampoo and shoving them in the floor of the shower. The selection they had was ridiculous. A few weeks into first moving in Tony had decided that Steve had to try
Tony swallowed.  He still didn't want to get his hopes up.  "Steve... I don't want people to know you have another Alpha, either.  I don't want people to see me as... you know.  A cuckold.  I've got a reputation to maintain, you know?  I don't want you to come out this week with me and then surprise everyone next week with Bucky or someone else.  I mean... no offense but so far you have a reputation for making abrupt announcements to the media.  I mean, coming out as omega- that was awesome. Seriously.  But I'm just saying-"  a pause.  "-I'm your Alpha.  You can tell me anything.  I want us to do this stuff together from now on.  I don't want any more secrets or surprises.  My heart can't handle it, Steve, and it's powered by a damn fusion reactor, so... so if you want to tell everyone, that's great, but I don't want any surprise announcements later that make me look bad, you know?  We're a pair and that means I stand for you and you stand for me, and... well, shit, Steve.  SHIELD's right, you're a troublemaker."
"That's normally what I do," replied Tony quietly.  There was no grand secret to his process. On March 15th, he stood by the graves for a while, then went back to the hotel, drank a fifth, and passed out for a day or two.
Certainly, Tony had seen that.  His father and Jarvis had been the epitome of a traditional Alpha-omega pair.
"Most of Project 84 is a fact-finding mission," said Brent, walking up beside them.  "Digging up old tax records, finding people who are willing to testify, trying to get our hands on security footage.  Trinity has been using a lot of these camps as tax breaks, and some of them are listed as pediatric centers. We're going to hit them with the old one-two; tax evasion and money laundering, as well as unlawful imprisonment and non-compliant medical practices."
Steve didn't know why he said it. Steve wasn't usually quite so...forward.  Well, not with friends, or loved ones. He usually kept confrontation to the battlefield. But it was like something in him just...snapped.
Sometimes Steve did think things would have gone differently if he'd known Bucky was alive. Not that he would have chosen him, necessarily, more that he could have never knowingly pulled Tony into this mess. He didn't deserve all Steve's baggage; he didn't deserve to literally have his life under threat all because he'd chosen to mate Steve.
When Tony curled his fingers around his cock Steve literally cried out and arced up into the touch, his feet pressing into the alpha's back all the more because of it. "Tony-Tony...ah,
"Hey, Doc." Mac caught his attention. "If an omega on preheat is given sedatives... let's say, enough to knock them out, will that affect when their heat comes on?"
Tony looked at Pepper.  She was in a sharp, pale grey suit that made her green eyes pop.  A constellation of freckles danced over her nose; her hair shimmered.
He let Pepper manage it, watching her admiringly as she moved people around, a tablet in one hand and a Blackberry in the other scheduling interviews and debriefings, her speaking broken French while everyone else spoke broken English.  Tony was pretty sure alcohol was the worst possible thing for him but he needed it; he polished off nearly an entire bottle of liquor while Pepper was distracted with the others and let the liquid warmth flow through his veins comfortingly.
Tony gave Steve a soft smile.  "I'm always okay," he said, reaching up to run his fingers through Steve's short, soft hair.
Aria took a long gulp of wine and leaned forward on her elbows. She nursed her glass carefully as he gaze fixed on a point on the wall behind Pepper. "Howard was very inappropriate with him. Handsy, that kind of thing. But then, so was the president," Aria snorted. "Omegas  weren't people back then. It was hardly surprising. And even with the serum, I don't think Howard got ever saw Steve as more than ‘just an omega.’ He tried to sleep with Steve a lot. He never did, though. Or at least, he said he didn't."
For dinner hot soup and bread buns were passed around. They ate on a large set of tables near the residential tents for the kids. Some of the tents were slightly separated from the others, designed for any adult omegas they found in there too. Considering what they sometimes made them do, it was important to keep them separate.
"Go ahead, try it on.  We won't lock it," she encouraged Steve, then laughed.  "If you lock it, you buy it."
"Oof-- he weighs like a million pounds," said Tiberius.  Not completely unconscious, Steve was having trouble staying on his feet and was being half-carried by Maria and Tiberius.
"I think you're giving him too much credit," muttered Sitwell darkly, rising, still tapping on his phone.  "Excuse me. I need to report to Pierce that Rogers is out of heat."
They ended up crowding into the shower, sharing lazy kisses whilst they rid themselves of any evidence of what had happened moments before.
Before the plane was due to set off, Steve took the opportunity to shower. He collapsed in the sheets naked after that, downing two bottles of water and sighing as he tried to ignore the burning sensation that was beginning to rise in his gut. Why was this happening to him?  Why
Strictly speaking, Tony was not supposed to be down in his shop, not while there was any chance of either of them being compromised.  But as usual, Tony had ignored the rules and slipped down there frequently and everyone had given up trying to stop him. His hours had resumed their usual, bizarre schedule.
you're turning me into a sap."  He rolled his eyes at himself, but he still felt giddy.  "Maybe it's the lack of coffee talking."  He took a sip.  "...nope.  Still head-over-heels in love with you.  ...you gonna go shower?  Mind if I join?  We can get dressed, do lunch, swing by the Expo, say hello to our adoring fans..."
Steve hated it when Bucky called him that. He never used to- not before the war and Steve got bigger. It felt like a distancing tactic. It felt like it was Bucky saying you're just
Before Steve could warn Tony the waiter had appeared with his drink. It certainly looked like lemonade. "There you go, Captain."  The waiter smiled and handed him the glass.
the surprise?  Did you enter a beauty pageant, Rogers, is that it?  Because that's not fair to the other contestants, you know..."  He trailed off as Steve began taking shoes off.
The workbench soon became the only thing that was keeping Steve standing. He panted, his fingers digging in...perhaps even leaving dents in the metal surface of the table. Oops? When Tony licked at his head Steve definitely heard the bench groan a little in protest. Fuck.
"You have nothing to be embarrassed about Steve," Phil assured him. Donner wailed in the background. "Will he be okay?"
Tony had to admit, he did not want to see the medical wing.  "Let's go check out the dorm or something... we're here to get the kids out, right...?"
"Let's just go find somewhere to sit down for a minute; all these crowds are doing my head in," Steve said and reached down to take Tony's hand.
"I'm fine. Don't worry about me," Steve brushed her off, though he did pull at his collar. He felt a little hot. Maybe it was the whole situation; it had him flustered. He ran a hand over his face and downed another glass of water as a waiter passed them by. It didn't help him feel any less overheated though.
Tony's hand on his cheek dragged his gaze back and then Steve's expression softened. "Hey." He pressed a kiss to Tony's bottom lip. "I love you too."
Steve was teetering on the edge the whole time. His whole body trembled with a euphoric sensation that almost made it feel like his body was not his own. There was brief moment when he wasn't aware of himself, wasn't aware of anything but the feeling of Tony touching him. The hands behind his ears and the cock pressing against his hip.
He changed the subject to Banksy's birthday.  Banksy was forty-seven and had a party planned that evening.  "Oh course, you're all totally invited," he added.
The funeral was, unsurprisingly, absolutely packed.  Boswell was being interred in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.  Banksy looked like he had aged twenty years and lost twenty pounds in only four days; his hair hung limply.  No one had ever seen him in all black before.
It was a stupid and childish fantasy. The idea of Steve letting Gideon mate him was laughable. He wouldn't entertain the man's fancy, not for a second.
A chill ran down his spine. Steve had a horrible image of them breaking both his feet so he couldn't run away, couldn't fight back properly... he couldn't help that his face fell a little at the thought.
Steve felt like he was shaking with something akin to excitement.  Excitement that had the potential to turn into either elation or horror, depending on what he found.
"Pretty sure only SHIELD's got that.  All people know is that there was an assassination attempt, Captain America was shot, and a bunch of armed gunmen did a lot of damage in downtown LA.  The news is saying it's a hate crime, because of his work with omega rights."
to  get in that goddamn place and if you'd been paying attention you'd noticed that Tony collared himself too! Now goddamn let go before I have go in there myself," Steve warned them. He'd thought with enough Alphas already; he didn't want to start fighting with omegas too. "You hit him and yell at him after he spent all weekend dealing with crap from statusist bastards and supporting me? Then you're bad as the rest of them! Now let him
Tony beamed at the tiny, sickly, shaking omega on the couch.  "How'd you get past the security system?  Did you scramble the PIR signal?"
"Howard wanted to solve the energy crisis.  Anton wanted to get rich," said Fury patiently.  "They collaborated on the arc reactor, but Anton was deported before the project was ever finished."
," Steve pressed his forehead back against the floor. He was gone, lost in the rocks of Tony's hips. His breath hitched as his alpha slid in deeper with each one and teased him with languorous thrusts. Pepper had muttered something under her breath and left, not wanting to see the show.
A woman stopped by him, her beautiful red dress ruined. It reminded Steve of Peggy's. She put a hand on his shoulder. "Thank you."
The other man was still smiling.  By the time he realized Tony was reeling him in, it was too late; Tony wrapped the cables around his arms, his torso, yanking them closer, entangling them.  They were face-to-face; Tony yanked, pulling down the other man's body, then fell to his knees on top of him, reaching up and grabbing the reactor on his chest.
"That's a lovely orchid," offered David, nodding to the little plant on the bedside stand.  "Quite a few lovely ones on the stairs, as well."
"When Steve's ready, shall we get set up?" Louis said, sounding positive. Steve walked over with a bunch of grapes in one hand, eating the fruit like popcorn.
He sat up stiffly to see nothing but sand all around him. The sun burned down on his face and he suddenly felt too hot in his clothes, but it was better than exposure.
"Look, we're not with the school.  The police are here taking all the omegas.  Get dressed," demanded Tony.
Tony looked up, eyes watery.  "I can't even mate him right. His neck tastes bad again.  It's like Russian roulette with this guy's gland... half the time it's perfect and half the time it's like biting into a fuckin' aloe plant."
"Do you think you'll have something by December?" Steve asked tentatively, feeling Tony's concern pang in his own chest. The doctor looked up at him over his glasses. Gleason was around Tony's height, so he had to look up a little to meet Steve's gaze.
One thing that he noticed, though.  The air had changed; Steve's smell was... not different, exactly.  Just less... powerful.  He realized, with a small hint of sadness, that their honeymoon was coming to an end.
The fact that Bucky wasn't with HYDRA was game changing. It meant he had a chance. It meant Steve might just be able to help him.
Tony made a face but got up.  "Ladies, could you keep each other company?" he asked pleasantly; the two girls collapsed into each other's arms with peals of laughter.
"Bucky was just as force-bonded as I was, Phil," Steve pointed out. He swallowed down the lump in his throat. "I don't know.  Maybe I'm an idiot for still caring about him."
"We don't have to buy him, do we?" Steve said, excited that they weren't too late. "Can't we just turn up and walk out with him?"
Steve took it back downstairs and set it down on a spare spot of bench. He moved to kiss Tony's cheek. "I'm gonna go to bed, okay? Its late. Don't work yourself too hard," he whispered, voice soft and soothing before he pulled away. Tony needed to be well rested if he was going to have a good practise with the simulation. It was a harrowing thing in itself and if Tony did want him to join him...Steve honestly wasn't looking all that forward to going back in there.
"I know. I know you wanted to get them together but trying them out in front of other people really stressed me out Tony. I'm sorry. I wasn't very good yesterday...in a lot of ways. Sometimes I just feels like I have to be above everything, like I'm immune to stuff- and when I'm not it just comes crashing down."
Tony's face appeared from behind it, holding a pair of bolt cutters.  There was a smear of grease across his cheek.
"I'M TONY FUCKIN' STARK!" he scream, yanking down his shirt to show the arc reactor.  The security guard's eyes widened and he moved aside, opening the door for Tony.  Tony practically flung himself against the suit, initiating the suit-up program with frantic, desperate murmurs for it to please, please, please go faster.
"Why not?" echoed the girl behind him, stepping forward.  The snow made soft squeak-crunches beneath her boots. She pulled her hands out of her pockets and wriggled her fingers, like she was trying to warm them up.  And suddenly Steve was struck with a sense of... yes, that was exactly the word for it, warmth. It wasn't a comfortable warmth, but the kind of sharp warmth that preceded a heat or a battle.  It made him feel jittery, and a little sick, and slightly disoriented.
"Wanna hurry up and rinse off so I can ruin your all-American innocence again?" offered Tony, stroking the inner part of Steve's thigh.  "...then I thought we could, uh, call that lady whose card Piper gave us. Just get the ball rolling."
"Yes, yes, lots of Alphas and omegas want to know about the knotting process.  The knot acts as a sort of... think of it as a cork in a wine bottle. That's your body trying to keep in the semen you've released.  Can you take it out? Yes. It can be painful, but it's certainly possible. The best method is to get some lube or oil, whatever you have on hand, and massage around the base, gently working it out.  You don't want to tug it straight out; that can cause tearing to the omega. You want to do a sort of hip shimmy--" Richard gave a demonstrative wiggle. "--and use your hands to ease it out."
Happy hung up and Steve tucked the phone away into his back pocket. Having been Tony's PA he'd worked with Happy quite a bit. He could honestly say he'd missed his company.
The frustrating thing was that the man behind Iron Man was... well, a man.  Tony was human and he hated himself for it. He got hungry, thirsty, tired; he had to take bathroom breaks, had to occasionally stop working because his fingers cramped.  This was part of the appeal of cocaine; it let him work harder, faster, and longer. He had heard that a lot of geniuses and great figures took amphetamines and that didn't surprise him one bit.  Tony wasn't above occasionally taking a handful of Adderall to help himself work better.
to sell themselves to a bunch of creepy old men. Surprisingly enough they were pretty thrilled at the news. I didn't even walk out with them," Steve pointed out. "Literally all I did at this conference was talk to people."
Steve pulled out his drip with a degree of caution, making sure he wouldn't bleed everywhere before he went to go take a pee. A nurse on night shift spotted him and offered to put a plastic cover over his neck so he could shower and Steve could have kissed her.
Tony stared at Steve, drinking in the site of him.  He couldn't help but grin. Steve might as well have been wearing a French maid outfit.
Pietro was there, but he couldn't tell if he was very close or very far away.  He opened his mouth and his lips moved but there was no sound. Fine gold strands of smoke twisting away from his mouth.
He brought one big plate in for both of them and smiled at Tony's dozy expression as he saw Steve in just his underwear with a mountain of pancakes in hand and two forks. "Hey," he murmured and moved to sit on the edge of the bed.
He kneed Steve's legs apart and settled between them, rubbing himself against Steve's entrance.  Steve's body was moist but mostly as a physical reflex; Steve seemed a little bit too drunk to really be consciously into it.
Eyes turned to watch Steve making his way across the room.  The auctionees clearly had mixed feelings.; some of them got wide eyes and looked worried, but others broke into grins and giggles.  Of course; they were kids and Steve was the legendary Captain America.
"Oh oh God." Pepper had stayed in one of the guest rooms and headed down in the morning to find the living area
Peggy reached out and placed a hand on Steve's arm.  The skin was soft and cool and loose. "Steve... I'm so sorry," she said softly.
"It gets scarier," said Tony.  "It's about what you don't see, Steve.  My favorite kind of horror is psychological... because what you can think up in your own brain is always worse than whatever stupid monster they show you.  Trust me, the end is great.  A lot of people shit all over this movie but when it came out in 1999, it was, like, a really big deal.  Also, just wait 'till the part where the guy goes missing..."
"No, I'm really him," insisted Tony.  He pulled down his t-shirt to show the arc  reactor. The bartender's eyes got wide and she stopped laughing.  "And I
He moved to sit on the pool floor again, closing his eyes as Tony's silhouette rippled over him through the water. Steve smiled and opened them again as he saw Tony drifting further along the pool, practically seeing the tension easing out of the other. Steve pushed off the bottom before he ran out of air and gently ran his fingertips across Tony's back, emerging beside him. He took in a long breath.
Steve swallowed them down with a gulp of water while Natasha and Tony watched on warily. Natasha was keeping herself an arm's length away from Steve at all times; whenever another Alpha came too close to Steve, Tony bristled.
Alphas.  Not that they were really bonded, of course.  But they don't just alter your body. They get into your head, they try to brainwash you... you spend every waking moment being taught, coached...."
"You know...I'm technically only five years older than her, in my head." Steve pointed out, smiling at Tony's almost hysterical amusement. He didn't think about it much... but really he was only 26 in his head. And yet it was strange waking up in an era that had moved on without him. He didn't feel like the 'youth,' that was for sure. No, Steve's head was left in a state of confusion. He felt too old and too young for everything simultaneously. It was like feeling lost.
"Try and touch me again and I'll break you hand," Steve told Frond flatly and the woman laughed, like the idea was cute. He stepped closer to Tony, who clearly had had too much to drink. The fact that he'd bet himself was pretty ingenious though, Steve had to admit. It was playing them at their own game. And he was also glad that Tony hadn't bet
Tony liked the idea of Steve giving an interview in pre-heat and all, trying to dispel myths and everything, but... he wasn't sure how Steve was going to manage it.  Steve's heats were intense and he couldn't imagine Steve sitting still for two hours, especially if there was an Alpha in the room.
"Yeah, they totally let me off the hook," said Clint, forking a piece of French toast and pulling it out of the way of Lila's small, grabby hands.  "Said I was only doing what Nat wanted me to, couldn't be held responsible. So I guess I get to go do more work with PEGASUS out in Mojave, which is... well, it's boring, but it's a safe assignment," said Clint, shrugging.
"Oh, yes.  I'm well aware of your history.  You were spoiled. Indulged by Howard Stark.  Obviously, his attitude toward omegas rubbed off on his son."
Steve distantly thought of Bucky and how mad he was at him for just mating him to protect him. And yet, he was weirdly grateful in a fucked up way too.
He heard something.  He looked over; Aria had apparently come in, but stopped dead in the doorway when she realized what they were doing.  A hand flew up to shield her eyes. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry."
Since Tony had been planning on dying, he hadn't made many plans for the week.  His schedule was wide open and he planned to spend the day digging through Steve's private life, learning who the
He wanted a quick reassurance so that he could compartmentalize the look on Steve's face when Steve had said he had no mercy.  He was already forcing himself to forget about Lab 9. He was trusting Steve would do the same and they could just fuck instead of talking about it.  There was no room for Bucky in their lives, but the way Steve sometimes talked about him made Tony's skin crawl.
"Sorry.  I-- like I said, it would have been my fault, I should have questioned the orders and I didn't.  You're right.  I take full responsibility.  If anything had happened it would've been on me."
Steve woke up hyperventilating with hands on him, hands goddamn everywhere. Before he knew what he was doing he'd ripped the wires away and had fallen off of the chair onto the floor, the doctors stumbling back.
They lowered the coffin into the ground and everyone tossed a handful of dirt onto it; Banksy wept on Danielle's shoulder and he didn't appear for the somber reception at his own house.  Donner informed Steve and Tony that he was upstairs, buried again in bed, huffing Boswell's clothes and crying himself senseless.
Tony contemplated this.  Classified?  His mind wandered to Project PEGASUS.  "...any weird stories out of New Mexico?"
Below it was a another picture, one of his father and Jarvis grinning in front of Big Ben, arms around each other.  They looked playful, not a word Tony would have used to describe either of them.
Tony hiccuped as Steve handed him a glass of water and ran his fingers through his hair.  "I promised you I wouldn't," he said, watching Steve take off his collar and feeling a bit bummed.  Steve looked handsome in the collar. "...I wanted to win Donner... I hate thinking about... about Malick with his hands all over him, thinking about you... ugh.  Sick." He looked down at the car keys in his hand. "Pepper is gonna be mad about how much I lost... at least I got this... probably a Hawk... y'know a Golden Hawk in good condition could be worth up to sixty grand..."  Something was nagging, hard, at Tony's memory. Something about the Hawk. He struggled to remember.
Steve was putting his head on the heels of his hands, staring at the floor, still talking.  His words buzzed in Tony's brain.  The narrative wasn't clicking, only phrases.
"Oh, sure, you know, just a little side project to keep me busy," he said, flashing a smile at everyone.
Despite Steve's general dislike of Tony's drinking, something warmed in Steve's chest when he saw Tony hug Tiberius. He smiled, the edge of his lips twitching up. Yes, Tony was drunk, but he was saying the right things and that had to count for
He found Tony with a mask over his face and a blowtorch in his hand, the odd spark flying as he moulded something to something else. Steve watched him for a moment, appreciating the curve of his bicep as he moved the torch alone. Steve felt a sudden need to draw him. He set the tray down and then grabbed a spare pencil and paper and started sketching before he knew it.
Tony huffed a little after Steve lay down.  He knew Steve was trying to reconcile what had happened.  "No. It's okay, Steve. Forget it. You have every right not to like collars.  I wouldn't ever make you wear one. Now, good night." The wine was doing its thing and Tony felt pleasantly buzzed.
Tony held Steve's hands in his, listening to Steve describe how Bucky didn't respect him, and he nodded along.  Yes, a familiar story.  Steve, an omega, unable to get respect even from his best friend.  Tony gathered that Bucky had been an Alpha.  What a sad, strange relationship that must have been in the twenties and thirties.  Tony ached for his omega, and felt a sort of begrudging acknowledgement, almost admiration toward the man who had kept him safe, even though that man had treated him poorly.  But that had been a generation or two ago, when people didn't think of omegas as people, when omegas settled because they had to.  It was the oldest story in the book, an omega degrading himself for protection.  Poor Steve.  Tony started to reassure him, but closed his mouth, letting Steve keep talking, letting him get things off his chest.  Tony was waiting for his opportunity to jump in and reassure Steve.
"The spades aren't really allowed out much," the bored girl explained to Steve.  "They don't know about how you were like, unfrozen or whatever, or about Iron Man, or anything really.  My parents just sent me here last month so I heard all about it. ...I can't believe you came out. If everyone already thought I was an Alpha I would have like, stayed that way forever."
Steve panted against the countertop as he came down from his most recent orgasm, his thighs wet and sticky with sweat and semen and warm from where Tony rested between them. His hands were still held in his mate's grasp loosely and he made no attempt to pull free. He just smiled up at him, blue eyes glazed over like before.
He met Tony at the airport later and was already waiting for him on the plane itself with a tablet in his lap, typing away.  Tablets were wonderful, miracle devices: a world of information, whole encyclopedias and calendars at a man's fingertips.  Steve loved them.
He needed to pee again. Goddammit. Was this his constant state now?  He was too proud to ask Tony for help in getting to the bathroom.  He'd wait for Sam.
Tony winced, hard, when he saw a couple of familiar figures striding toward them.  A beta woman, a beta man, and an Alpha. Councilwoman Hawley, Councilman Yin, and Councilman Malick.
"The pool sounds good," Steve said, perking up at the mention of it. He liked the thought of sitting at the bottom, seeing how well he could hold his breath still. There was something he loved about underwater swimming.  Despite the experience of drowning in the ocean, he still liked Tony's pool.  Maybe part of that was because it was heated and well-lit.
sandwich.  You guys would be the bread... you don't call a sandwich a 'bread sandwich'... y'know, you name it based on the filling...."
. Then the cars whizzed past their place among the crowd and they were drawn back into the race, Steve frantically searching the cars for Tony, the Stark Industries car emblazoned in a blue-and-white color scheme.
"It'll be okay Steve," Maria said, sounding certain. She was producing a needle out of a suitcase. "This will calm Tony down, make him sleepy, but I won't give him enough to knock him out."
me and I can be good and now that there's a baby, maybe-- maybe..."  He trailed off, his tone at the end defeated, and Steve could tell that he knew he was lying to himself.
"You mean to end them," clarified Phil, looking like he was on the verge of putting his face into his hands.
Tony reached under the table and set a hand on Steve's thigh.  He glanced over proudly. Steve was a strong omega and Tony felt a tug of pride at T'Chaka's subtle compliment.
"I thought what you said was amazing last night, Steve," Laura said. "I hope we can give you a good deserved break from it all here." The smile she gave him was so warm and genuine Steve didn't know how to react. He'd spent a night with such fake and pretentious celebrities... it was so odd to hear someone say something so sincere and sound like they meant it.
Sam sighed but didn't tell him to turn it off.  The truth was, Tony was right. The hallway was gloomy to the point of depression.  The ceiling was too low and there were no tiles on it to cover the pipes and wires that ran along it.  Their footsteps echoed because there was nothing in the hall to muffle the sound. Tony went first, his arc reactor lighting the way in front of them in a ghostly glow.  The doors were mostly unmarked, except with the occasional number: 3. 4. 5...
He watched Steve's face, the way he leaned in to the ocean breeze, the dimples that appeared when he smiled, the brightness of his eyes.  Tony felt bad that Steve had been cooped up; he knew the guy loved being out here, running around like a maniac.
Steve's eyes fluttered shut as Tony teased at his entrance, eventually turning around in the other's arms to bend over the bed, leaning down on his elbows. They didn't have long so he wiggled his hips impatiently as if to make a point, his back arcing in invitation. He didn't have to see Tony to know his reactions.
"Tony, you need to call someone who-- who can help with this.  Like Dr. Gleason or one of the SHIELD agents."
Tony shook his head vehemently.  "No, no no no. No children. Not even a dog.  I'm not the nurturing type. My bots are my kids."
"Oh, c'mon, you know who I am," said Tony with a roll of his eyes.  "How many guys have a lamp stuck in their chest?"
"Maybe...maybe in the morning?" He murmured, words half muffled by the pillow again. "M'kinda dead," he admitted. Steve would usually do this. Run on too little sleep for weeks on end and then his body would just...crash. Need a recharge. His heat had been a mess of fevers and stress dreams and then Tony had been dying. He hadn't gotten enough sleep in about a week and now he was safe and warm and with his Alpha--
Tony listened to JARVIS reading and a slow grin spread across his face, his head bobbing appreciatively.  Arrogant?  Yes.  Self-absorbed?  Check.  Obnoxious, rude, and selfish?  Guilty as charged.
when he was proud. And Falsworth...with all his British charm and swagger. He tried to chat Peggy up too many times and every time she rejected him it just go funnier. He was a good sport and a brave man. They all were. They'd all been willing to die for each other.
Steve flinched a little when Tony first touched his neck. He hadn't expected it but he slowly managed to calm himself. He swallowed thickly, his head ducking down as he focused on keeping his breath even. Steve closed his eyes and swallowed again.
"Is he going to make it?" Steve asked.  The Alpha looked familiar - a bit like Howard but too old to be him.
"Steeeve!" exclaimed Tony with delight, leaning into his touch immediately.  "This is Steve, my omega!" he informed the bartender happily.  Loudly, in a stage whisper, he added, "
"The last I saw him, he was in the hall with all the flowers... writing in bids under fake names to drive the prices up," said Aria, mouth quirking into a smile.
Tony growled at Rumlow.  Rumlow actually rolled his eyes.  Tony wasn't dominant enough to even register as a threat to him, and Tony hated both Rumlow and himself for that.
?" he asked in exasperation.  "You're gonna kill me... this is it?"  Steve turned onto Olive Street. "...is
Steve woke up at six in the morning to Natasha calling him on his phone. He groaned and moved to sit up but found Tony on top of him. He didn't have a hangover, not like he remembered in the forties. The serum had taken care of the alcohol left in his system well enough. Wincing, he eased off of Tony and rolled over to grab his pants. He fumbled for his phone and answered.
"Oh, and welcome back, Captain," he added as they wheeled Steve off the jet.  It was a cool, brisk day. Late February, partially cloudy. California was as stubbornly pleasant as ever; it was probably in the sixties.  "I'll have a chat with
It would have been over anyway; Tony walked in wearing a slim-fitted charcoal suit with a lavender and gold tie.  "Hello, beautiful people!" he called. He slid an arm around Steve's waist and leaned it to nip his neck affectionately.  "Who's ready for a party? Man, Aria's being very hush-hush about whoever she got to perform. I'm excited. ...oo, did you make me coffee, Steve?"  He beamed.
"The Tesseract has great potential that we cannot afford to just ignore, Steve. We were wondering if you would come in, chat with some of the scientists, off the record. To help them figure out what they're seeing."
"That's awful," Steve breathed and he doubted Eric heard him, or chose to hear him. Piper looked sad at the mention of Rex, her head bent down a little awkwardly as she focused her glassy eyes on the floor instead of any of them. They stood and headed out, the spring in Piper's step considerably diluted. Steve was beginning to realize he didn't know if it was all the talk of pregnancy or Rex himself that was actually bothering her.
Tony frowned slightly at Steve's question about their concern being made worse.  Why would it be made worse?  He was convinced this was a misunderstanding and everyone was overreacting.
"Miss Potts has been here all night and has made your breakfast.  She is downstairs with a Dr. David Gleason."
"Yes," said the asset.  The blond looked surprised at his response.  "I know. Colonel Karpov says we all have a role to play in making a better world, and that most are supposed to serve and to follow.  This is especially difficult for Americans because their minds have been poisoned with capitalist lies about individuality. But he says once you'd had a few pups you will naturally fall into your role and be content."
"Right. I've labelled everything and put the right pills into boxes," Gleason said, setting everything out on the breakfast bar. "How are we doing?"
Tony looked down at his scotch, which was two-thirds finished.  He wondered if he ought to order another.
"I think we're friends," Steve said quietly. "I've looked after when you're drunk, brought you smoothies, dealt with your one night stands...and I've seen you nearly kill yourself to protect your friends. I'd say we're friends," he murmured.  "Or, I'd like to think we are. But I did lie to you. But there's nothing I can really do about that now," he murmured, almost to himself.  "But I wasn't lying when I said I like you. Didn't I make that clear already? I goddamn
On his side of the door, Steve stood on shaky legs and moved to pull on a pair of boxers. He needed to gather himself up. He downed a bottle water. Then another one. He still felt hot all over. Before he knew what he was doing he was trying to open the door, and then-- shit. Steve blinked. He'd broken the door handle off. Oops? He stared down at it in his hands and then dropped it to the floor.
.  During the course of your life you've had some very traumatic things happen and I'm concerned that your tendency to worry about your friends is a mechanism designed to let you neglect yourself.  Are you familiar with the term
Tony tore out of the shower before Steve could stop him and flung himself into the bed, still soaking wet.
He hummed in agreement and leaned his head back down, his shiny gaze staring back up at the curling. "Love you too," he murmured and closed his eyes.
Donner reached out and grabbed his arm.  "Mr. McDermott? You know... you know DeSoto's Alpha, right?"
"I wouldn't get you rose gold," said Tony, drawing away, still rocking against Steve.  "I liked the platinum, though. The one with sapphires was nice... you look so good in blue... it makes you eyes pop.  I love it when you wear blue."
"There was a UN center for refugees but it was so overcrowded they stopped taking the rabbits.  She wouldn't go without me."
Jack caught Steve's eye as Pepper was shooing them away and he offered him the tiniest smile, one omega to another.  The smile communicated a sort of embarrassed sentiment.
He stayed under for almost two minutes before he rose back up beside Tony, the look in his eyes easy and relaxed. The panic attack felt days ago even though it had been only an hour or two ago.
Steve... Steve, he's schooling me from beyond the grave... this is it, this is what he wanted me to do!  This is what the arc reactor was supposed to run on!  This thing!"
"You go explore," Steve told his mate, and squeezed his hand, kissing his cheek for good measure. "I'll go see if there's any omegas worth talking to in here. And if you find out where they're keeping them for the auction, let me know."
Steve felt Tony relax in his arms and Steve sighed in relief.  He kissed him back gently, not pressing to deepen it as he reached up to neaten Tony's hair best he could. He'd mussed it up a little.
Tony stopped in front of a heavy metal door and swiped a key card to get in.  Inside, lights flickered on automatically as they entered.  The room was filled with plain white boxes sitting on wire shelving.  Tony made a beeline toward the back of the long, claustrophobic room and pointed.  "There it is.  The unfinished scientific works of Howard A. Stark.  Eat your heart out, Steve, Clint, I know this shit is like the Shroud of Turin for you people."
"Where's Tony?" David suddenly asked. Usually he got an opportunity to at least say hello to the man.
"I'm turning on a machine.  It'll go zap and then create a material that will help me not die," said Tony.  "Much like how a coffee machine would."
He got out of the car to stretch.  He wasn't sure where he was. There was a dark house in front of him; he knew, automatically, that's where Steve was.  He lit a cigarette, smoked it, and then crushed it beneath the toe of his shoe before climbing the stairs to the house.
"No," said Eric.  "Stephanie Li won the auction but I guess she took him out, decided he wasn't her type, and that was that.  Then two months later, Chris bonded him. I think that omega was already friends with Chris's omega, Sunshine, so it worked out nicely."
Steve pulled off to trail his tongue along the shaft, his blue eyes dark as they flicked up to Tony's face. He looked practically sinful. "I had a good teacher," he pointed out, voice seductively soft. He sucked on the head again. "I'm yours. I'm your omega," he repeated, a tremor running down in his spine every time Tony had said 'good boy.'
He looked up the number for the Allegria hotel and called, asking for Steve's room number instead of Steve directly, since this gave him more credibility.  They asked who was calling. He told them it was classified. They seemed to be wary (fair enough) and offered to take a message. He said he'd try again.
It was gorgeous and Tony liked it; liked it a lot.  But it meant more coming from Steve.  Steve had actual talent.  Steve was an artist as much as he was a soldier and Tony felt like he had exclusive access to this innermost part of Steve's life, something most people probably had no idea even existed.  It made him feel warm... honored.
He sat up.  It was the middle of the night.  He'd only gotten in a few hours ago.  He had given his mission report: the target had been eliminated, and it had been all too easy, because the idiot had been playing around with his phone while driving.  (He'd felt bad about the Lamborghini, though. It had really been a gorgeous car.)
The adrenaline helped Steve on his feet, helped him run. He heard gunshots. There was chaos around him, the smell of smoke and engine gas pungent in the air. It was toxic. His right thigh burned with the pain of running but he pushed on until he saw it, just out of the corner of his eye- Fury was shot. He was down. And there was the soldier.
, than he had in ages.  Being with Steve again had filled a hole in his heart that he hadn't even known was there.
"Hey, I thought those pamphlets looked great.  You're welcome, by the way!" said a guy who Tony assumed was Dave.
"So you're saying you don't even know what you're taking about?  What, were you raised in a circus?" demanded Tony.
Steve's body was warm and heavy against Tony's.  He settled into the couch with delight.  The only thing that could make this better was alcohol, which Steve had vetoed.  Tony wasn't aching for it yet, however.  He was much more interested in Steve.  This, more than anything, made him realize how badly he had fallen.
Words were a tricky thing.  Too many would be cheap and gaudy and wrong.  But one or two of the perfectly chosen words carried hefty weight.  Words were suddenly a currency with ridiculously elaborate rules.  Somehow, Tony had a really good idea of what the rules were.  No one had ever explained this to him but if he didn't think about it, it all came naturally.  And, for once, Tony definitely wasn't thinking.  His brain was on autopilot, having given the reins over to a more primitive part of his consciousness that apparently knew what it wanted and how to get it.
And then a ghost of anxiety whispered the answer in Tony's ear: Bucky.  Bucky had gotten into him. Steve had spent a day with a
He barked out a mirthless laugh.  "Okay, wait, let me get this straight.  Let me just make sure I follow here.  You want to inject me with... what is that, I don't even know what that it.  That could be black-tar heroin for all I know.  You could be trying to steal my kidneys.  Joke's on you, by the way, decades of alcohol abuse has rendered them thoroughly unsuitable for transplant."
"Awesome," the edge of her lips quirked up in the hint of a genuine smile. "I guess one pro of being with Tony Stark is that he knows what he's doing."
Pietro seemed to consider whether or not he wanted to obey, but then, with a streak of silver, he was gone and the door was closing.
"I didn't even notice all my fans were Alphas until you pointed it out.  I work with Alphas, I went to basically an all-Alpha school... I just... never noticed.  Because, y'know, they were all like me."  Tony shrugged a little.  He couldn't even begin to imagine what life for Steve was like after the serum.  Being an omega in an Alpha-dominated sector of society, the military... looking like an Alpha but smelling like an omega... it must have been hard.  Hard in a way Tony would never fully be able to relate to.
"I was drawing," he murmured. "Inspiration struck me, I guess. And I suppose I wanted to make a point."
"Sure.  You know what?  I'll go in jeans and a t-shirt, too," said Tony, grabbing a bar of soap.  "But go ahead and order yourself some new clothes.  I'll pay.  Do you know how to shop online yet?"
"Don.  Stop it," interrupted Mackenzie.  "Only person who's in trouble here is him.  And we're not going to talk about him, okay?  Important thing is that we're all safe, right?"
Every single omega waiter and waitress (and there was a lot of them) moved to set down their trays. Most of them just put them down on the floor. They untied their aprons, undid the 'uniform' collars they were wearing, and dropped them too. It was all very calm and very well coordinated. And then they started walking out behind the five auctionees. And suddenly it wasn't five omegas walking out; it was about thirty.
"Fine.  Fine, I'll come upstairs and maybe, if I'm lucky, he'll actually manage to kill me this time!" snarled Tony, realizing Pepper wasn't going to leave without a fight.
Steve reached for Tony's present and gave him a half serious look. "Is this safe to open in front of company?"
Steve moved down with Tony's touch, pliant as he moulded into the sheets and arced up into every touch. He gasped softly when Tony's hands explored lower, bucking up into the touch a little in an automatic reaction. Steve felt his cheeks tinge pink. Would there ever be a time when Tony couldn't make him blush? Probably not...
going to stop you. But I'd appreciate it if you weren't completely gone by the time we go home." Steve didn't want to end the night with a drunk Tony; he wanted his mate to be there for him, not drunk. And if Tony didn't feel like eating, then he wasn't going to sober up through out the evening, either.
"You don't have to apologize for loving both of them," said Clint softly.  "I love Laura. I love Natasha. They fulfill very different roles in my life.  Laura is my wife and my best friend and the mother of my children. Natasha is my Alpha and my partner.  I think the main thing is making sure you're safe. Because Barnes is... well, let's face it, he's a wreck, man.  Completely unstable. And I know you want to help him because that's how you are, but you gotta protect yourself too."
He remembered the Winter Soldier, how he'd murmured an apology to Steve before shooting him.  A tiny shiver ran through him that he quickly suppressed.
"No, absolutely not," he said gruffly.  Tony watched, fascinated. Seeing Boswell Mackabee in a Santa hat was of more interest to him than speaking to Mariah Carey, who was having a meltdown across the studio because Jeanette had made some last-minute lighting changes to one of the stages.  (The other performer was The Barenaked Ladies. "
. Him and Tony went on how many dates before Steve let him take his virginity?  Steve felt like a hypocrite but now was not the time for personal guilt.  He had to get through to these people. "He also doesn't see me as a hair color, you know."
"Uh-huh," said Tony.  He crawled into the bath with Steve, laying his body over his protectively.  The water was warm. Tony tried not to think about how gross they both were.
He and Steve had very different definitions of what constituted nerve-calming music; Tony put on some Pantera and turned up the volume so that the only sound was the scream of electric guitars.  Between his music tastes and his love of building things that exploded, it was a wonder that he wasn't completely deaf.
"I like surprising people," Steve said simply, wrapping Nate up in the blankets like he was some sort of burrito.  "Read the news when you get out.  I'm an omega."
Steve blinked and a terrifying realisation washed over him. It was Tony's phone he just answered and now Pepper was on the line and she knew that they were together in the same place at ten in the morning...
It was weird, for Steve, to be going back into Tony's workshop after everything. Steve had only been down here a few times before to a deliver a message or hand over a smoothie. Pepper went down far more frequently than he had. Maybe Steve had been a little jealous at times, she got to 'see the magic' as it was. The first time Steve had properly seen the suit in action was actually on the track in Monaco.
Despite his panic, his knot wasn't subsiding.  The tantalizing wetness of Steve's hole pressing against it was delicious.  He was still squirming under him, moving his hips, waiting for Steve to ride him.
Tony sat up groggily, yawning.  "Oh, man, I missed the part with the guy's tongue..."  His heart was beating surprisingly fast considering he'd just woken up.  He pulled aside his shirt to check the arc reactor, but it looked normal.
The car was a suddenly quiet space compared to the noise of the party. It was almost an oppressive quiet, the only sound the traffic until Tony finally spoke. It took Steve a while to answer. He just focused on the feeling of Tony blanketed other him, a comforting weight and warmth. He stared up at the car ceiling, the colour of it a murky grey.
Tony's already agile brain, capable of switching between multiple streams of thoughts at once, often giving the impression of a short attention span, was about ten times worse when he was on any sort of stimulant.  If Pepper had her way, he wouldn't even drink coffee.
"There's no useful intel in it," Sam said quietly. "And it doesn't make for nice watching." He'd pulled it from the director's computer, but after taking time to watch it on the jet ride back to base, he wished he hadn't. There was no solid information in it and the only significant part is when Bucky tries to mount Steve.  Something no one had a right to see.
Tony let out a deep sigh of satisfaction when Steve sat up and took his knot.  He looked up at Steve, studying his omega's face.  He found peace there; the sense of comfort, of being home with Steve, was so strong that Tony could sink into it, let his chase away his phobias, at least temporarily.
He curled up a little, eyes wide, thinking about that bright red scarf, all those years ago.  He was shaking. Shaking like he'd been out all afternoon, playing in the snow with his best friend.
He ate his breakfast whilst Tony showered (a full English) and flicked trough some of the articles had Aria had linked him:
but after some light reading on tackling alcoholism (because that's blatantly what this was) he'd learned that if you cut if off all at once you could actually kill or damage the alcoholic themselves as their body depended on it. Tony was already drinking considerably less than he had been before- baby steps, Steve reminded himself. In the end Tony, was his own person and Steve couldn't protect him from himself forever however much he might try to.
"I'm not supposed to tell anyone the location of the bases," mumbled Bucky.  He was being asked to go against his very programming. Karpov would never let him tell Steve their coordinates, he knew that.  "...would... would it be with tongue?" he asked, remembering how upset Steve was about the tongue thing.
them. These people were monstrous and they didn't deserve mercy.  This was no different than how Zola had treated prisoners of war back in 1943.  Steve was trying not to let himself think of the camp he had liberated, or what Bucky had endured there.
The idea of facing the omega who had humiliated him, emasculated him, was unbearable.  Tony wondered, vaguely, if maybe this was part of Steve's big omega rights campaign.  Acting like bonding was no big deal.
"Photo!" John punctuated, pulling out a mobile that was one of the latest on the market. Steve frowned as he spotted Gideon and Donner a ways off. It looked like he'd gotten Donner in trouble. Shit. Now Steve felt bad.
never wanted bonded, I was only sixteen, seventeen, but he never made me wear a collar or change my name, I think he just needed a houseboy since he was a widower and Ryan was out at college and he was lonely... well, enough about me, 84!  A little birdy told me you were trying to track down two guys named Ashtray and Trickshot... please tell me they're not your cousins, too... are we keeping this under wraps, by the way, the cousin thing?"
And also, Tony took some comfort in what Steve had said about sex.  So Bucky definitely hadn't mated him, hadn't touched him. Good.
"Tony. I need you to get us access," Steve murmured into comms, pressed up against a wall as guards patrolled down the corridor. Natasha had run out of darts at this point, so it was time to fight if they got spotted.  (Admittedly, Steve couldn't wait.)  The guards' flashlights were darting over every white, sleek wall as they walked by. One dragged by less than an inch from Natasha's face; Steve heard her breath hitch.
"полковник Карпов!" he repeated, hopelessly.  He turned, staring at the omega, his vision blurry with tears.  "What did you do?" he demanded. Was he having a heart attack, was that it?  His heart and stomach were both twisting terribly, constricting, aching.. "
Tony let out a breathy moan when Steve pushed himself down over his cock.  "You are good," he murmured, putting his hands on Steve's hips. He ran his hands over his sides briefly before he began moving him.  They found each other's rhythm in an instant, their bodies in tune, knowing what they wanted and how to get it. Tony closed his eyes, moaning blissfully at the way Steve's body milked his knot, massaging it, the warmth and pressure from his omega creating just the right amount of friction and smoothness.
Boswell chuckled a little.  "Good guy. Interviewed him about... oh... thirty-something years ago?  That was right about the time I met Tom." (It took Tony a split-second to realize he meant Banksy.)  "Had a good chat about the arc reactor, renewable energy..."
He set his forehead on his knees, waiting for it to pass, metal hand gripping the payphone hard enough to leave dents in it.
He leaned out over his balcony, huffing the cool sea air, thinking about Ty.  Poor Ty. He's been the closest thing Tony had ever had to a friend for the first twenty years of his life.  Why hadn't he written? Why hadn't he done something? He'd just never thought about it. Ty had left, Tony had stayed... he'd never thought Ty was being tortured somewhere.  Getting himself all fucked up. Having bits and pieces cut out of him.
! Do you think you can still be the same kind of role model for the omega community now you're in a trio with three Alphas?"
Steve brushed his fingers back against Tony's but a small but sure smile. "Your support means more than anyone else's," he murmured and he meant it. Having Tony's support made him feel like this was possible, like he wasn't just being crazy. Like what Steve was asking for was
Eric ignored Steve, so Tony asked the question again.  "How do the discipline an omega? Whack them on the nose with a rolled-up newspaper?"
He felt like he might be sick; his own uneasiness was being compounded by Steve's.  Steve was angry and revolted and Tony could feel it all and in that moment he almost wished he was unbonded, because the weight of the emotions were bordering on unbearable.
Tony was clearly in a much better mood.  His parents' anniversary was over and it would be a whole year before he had to go stand there at their graves again.  And today, he would get to see Steve Rogers in a collar, the idea of which was so scintillating that it was largely overshadowing other thoughts.
"But then...I guess Bucky wasn't really my friend." Steve sighed and ran a hand over his face. "I don't know
cousins twice removed," said Pepper.  "Although, since Steve's been frozen for two generations, really, they're just first cousins.  Congratulations, Steve. You have family."
"No, no.  You really were dynamite.  I swear."  She was on her tablet the whole time, working Steve's Twitter account for him, drumming up positive attention.
at me in that room... then Donner would know. He didn't really love him. I'm not sure a man like that is capable of loving anyone but himself.  He's
to a breakthrough on the Mark VII... look, if it bothers you that much, I won't take it again... at least, not for a while."  He kissed Steve's shoulder.
Since when had Tony Stark given two shit about his partner?  And since when had he eagerly jacked off another man?  Every misgiving Tony had melted away in an instant; it was like he was currently incapable of having doubt or fear or any negative emotion at all.  Whatever he was feeling for Steve completely dominated his brain, flooding it with affection and love and making every problem and worry in Tony's life seem utterly inconsequential.
Sharing his omega was upsetting because it reflected badly on his own assertiveness as an Alpha.  But he'd punished Steve because of his insecurities. Worse, he'd done it a day after telling Steve how he wanted to be a better Alpha to him.
Danielle reached out and put a firm hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Steve. If you ever need to get away from him, you know we're here for you, right?  Just letting you know." She let go.
"Of course," Peggy said, her voice a tad softer as her fingertips brushed over his cheek. "Oh you haven't aged a day, have you?" Her eyes glinted with a smile. "You bastard… yes. Come tomorrow. You can take me on my afternoon walk. Gertrude will be very jealous.  She’s the old crone who lives across the way."
Tony held up his hands.  "Look, pal, I'm not the bad guy here."  There was a defensive edge to his voice.  One Steve knew meant that the kid was hitting all the right nerves.
He beamed at 4UMM-E, who, voice-activated, scooted across the floor, bumped into the desk, and then whirled up to Tony like a dog.  Tony actually found himself putting an arm around the bot, which was ridiculous. 4UMM-E was nothing more than a voice-activated mechanical arm on a pair of treads.  And even if he were smart, like JARVIS, Tony had to sometimes remember that they were only devices. They felt no affection for him.
"I've only ever had one proper one," Steve said and Piper looked confused. "Before, I was too sick," he tried to explain.
me?  ...I'm not doing it!  You can't make me!  I'd literally rather die than go through my father's notes, trying to create some new element.  I've already tried every element, every ion, everything!  There's no replacement for palladium!  It can't be done!"
He waited until Steve was out of sight before heading down to the shop.  "JARVIS!  I want to test out the Mark V, let's suit up!" he yelled, throwing off his robe.  One of the most-asked questions he got about the suit was what he wore under it.  The honest answer, the one he didn't admit, was that he usually didn't wear anything, because clothes only made the whole thing uncomfortable.  There was already a nomex-spandex lining that fit perfectly to his body.  Sure, you could cram yourself in with clothes, but they had a tendency to bunch up and get in the way.  When Tony did wear clothes in the suit, it was often just boxer-briefs and an undershirt, items designed to be comfortable and form-fitting.
Tony stared as Steve crossed the room and prostrated himself.  He wanted to lie down over the omega's body, lick his scent onto Steve's neck.  But he didn't.  He didn't do anything, because the things he wanted to do were things bonded Alphas did.  And Tony wasn't Steve's Alpha.  He was barely an Alpha at all.  He wasn't really anything.  Just some asshole who had been cuckolded in the worst possible way by someone he'd loved.
"Sorry. Let me get this straight." Steve pulled his hands back. "You want to date Pepper? And secondly-" he resisted the urge to point at the triad couple in the corner. "That kind of relationship is archaic as hell and I guarantee you, nine times out of ten an omega would want someone to commit to them. As an
Steve flung his shield. It snapped off the opposite walls and got two in the head, just as Steve slammed into the first.  He twisted around and flung a knife (courtesy of Natasha) which landed in a guard's arm, pinning it to the wall and making him drop his gun.  Bullets danced across the hallway. Sam appeared behind him, shooting two at the back; he hit a switch on his suit and one wing flung out suddenly, catching a man who was charging Steve and stunning him. Steve slammed the one he was currently tousling with against the wall and knocked him out cold before he punched the next one to approach him. He had a needle in his hand like they'd tried to use back at Steve's apartment. It was cute that they still thought they could take him alive. He headbutted the one with the knife in his arm, knocking him out too, before he wrenched the knife back and flung into the seventh man's thigh. He sprinted forward, jumping off one wall and knocking an Alpha out cold with a knee to the face and plunging an elbow into another nose with a sickening crunch. It all happened in a matter of seconds, Steve moving like lightning.
Steve tapped Tony's thigh playfully. "Oh. Oh my God. Fuck. Sorry. I just... I started thinking about Bucky and Pepper--" And then he was off, laughing again, tears in his eyes. "She would eat him alive.
It didn't matter; the elevator was already heading rapidly toward the thirty-fourth floor lounge, which was empty except for men in suits with earpieces who were clearly there for security reasons only.  The lounge looked strangely empty with all of its lone tables, draped in white cloths and ornament with little tea candles.
When Tony turned back for a moment to fiddle with his hair Steve picked his collar back up. He sighed, running the pad of his thumb along the suede inside. How could it be so pretty but serve such an ugly purpose? Steve couldn't understand collars, why they were
He'd pined and grieved and slowly wasted away to nothing.  He was as sharp as ever but the cloud of depression that hit him never quite lifted.  He moved slower, and every task he did became less thorough; the only thing he never faltered on was cleaning the glass face of the photographs.  Howard Stark's image never got dusty in the years following his death; Jarvis could polish the photos around the house for hours on end and refused to let Tony take any down or move them.  At the funeral, Tony hadn't cried; he'd stood gravely around with Stane's hand on his shoulders, thanking people for coming, agreeing that his parents had been lovely people taken too soon and yes, it was terribly shocking, but he was so lucky to have everyone's support, et cetera, et cetera.  Jarvis had wept, completely silently, the entire time, barely speaking.  Tony had found it more upsetting than if Jarvis had been keening or wailing or acting dramatically.  He'd just stood around, crying stoically while old army buddies tried to get through to him unsuccessfully.  According to family legend, his father and Jarvis had worked together in the war. Jarvis had been in the RAF. His father was a pilot; the two of them had apparently had all sorts of wild adventures in their youth.  Howard never talked to Tony about them, and Jarvis spun Tony stories that may or may not have been true at all, so Tony was never sure what, exactly, they'd been through together.  He only knew that the depth of their relationship bordered on unfathomable and it was a miserable two years of watching Jarvis suffer after his father passed.  Jarvis had only found peace in death; Ana, his wife, had followed him a few days later; the funeral for them had been so much smaller than his parents because they were nobodies, really. Omegas, hired help.  Tony had cried himself senseless for them and never hired new staff on despite all of Stane's urging.
Heads turned, curious, eyes widening with recognition.  A television mounted in the corner was tuned to a local news station, where there was a breaking story about a terrorist attack on the Stark Expo.
"...yeah... they gotta keep them somewhere," said Tony, frowning and looking around the room.  Would they be holed up in a separate room somewhere? Who would he even ask about that? "...I could ask Eric," he suggested.  "...I think only Alphas can go to the little workshops and presentations... are you going to be okay if I leave you alone? The omegas here seem..."
Tony hesitated, then reached into his pocket, pulled out a collar, and set it down.  Everyone stared down at the silvery collar with the glinting red stones, and a moment later someone yelled "HE JUST BET CAPTAIN AMERICA!" and everyone was crowding around eagerly.
Tony stared at Steve.  "Did you just embarrass Charlie?" he asked.  "...wow.  I thought she was unflappable.  Dani, sweetheart, get me a martini, will you?" asked Tony, snapping his fingers at one of the flight attendants.  He had four.  They were all equally gorgeous betas.  Madison, Riley, Fern, and Dani.  Tony mixed up their names constantly; they were almost interchangeable in their beauty.  As far as Steve had been able to tell over the past few weeks, their job was to coo and flirt and laugh over Tony.  Like Charlie, none of them had ever paid any attention to Steve; he was only an omega, after all, and only Tony's assistant.
at your earliest convenience. So you can offer some rebuttal to all the bullshit." She hesitated by the door. "I'm sorry. I didn't realize what that sounded like before I said it." She sounded sincere and something warmed in Steve's chest.
Louis smiled patiently.  "Okay, let's start over. I'm sitting here with Captain Steve Rogers, better known as Captain America, in the Malibu home he shares with his mate, engineer Tony Stark.  Steve, thank you for giving us access to you at this rather special time. You're in pre-heat right now, correct? What sort of myths--"
"Main stage is this way," said Tony, turning and leading Steve through another alley.  Steve followed him; Happy flashed a pass at a guard who was standing by an unmarked door, and then walked into a covered area.  Below them was poured concrete with an epoxy finish; above them was scaffolding, wires and lighting gear criss-crossing.  Someone walked past carrying a car battery.
"Go kick ass kid," Steve told him before James/Doug headed out through the door. Whatever his name, he was one of the omegas of the future Steve was investing his trust in.  And it was people like Doug that made him feel at least a little less nervous about the press conference and performance in the morning.
good omega... good Steve...  Steve," repeated Tony, savoring the taste of his name in his mouth.  He was straining not to cum right away, in part because Steve looked desperate to cum himself and Tony liked seeing him squirm.  Steve wouldn't because Tony had instructed him not to, and Tony had always been fond of teasing his partner.
Steve ended up with his face pressed against the crook of Tony's shoulder, peeking out over the fabric of his shirt. " 'm not freaking out," he mumbled. "Don't know what you're talking about. I'm the the United States Army, you know. It takes more than this to scare me." But Steve couldn't deny he was a little creeped out.
He was sitting on a bench in Venice Beach.  Women in bikinis skated past and men on longboards rolled by.  No one paid attention to him.
"Hey, everyone!  Listen up, here's the man of the hour, Steve Rogers--" called the DJ.  "--and, by the way, we've got the final count in, and we've earned six hundred and twenty-five thousand for charity!"
"Glad you two worked it out," said Tiberius, inching in.  He grabbed the bottle of pills, opened it, fished one out, and hooked a finger into Steve's mouth.  "Swallow," he commanded, popping the pill in. Steve's eyes were glazed over like a man on drugs.
This would never have happened in the forties. None of it. There would be no omega father and certainly no kid asking to be an omega, and a boy too to boot. Steve was stunned all over again and seriously reminded of how far he'd come. Sure, omega rights had a way to go yet but Steve didn't spend enough time appreciating its achievements.
"Jesus, it's always blonds," muttered Rhodey under his breath.  He caught Steve's eye.  "...sorry," he added with a shrug.  "Go, go shut it down, hurry..."
"...what's wrong?  What are you thinking?" asked Tony softly.  He ran his tongue over the back of Steve's neck again.
He hit the ground, hard.  If he hadn't been in the suit, he probably would have broken all his ribs.  As it was, the impact left him winded.
Upstairs, Coulson's phone rang.  "Clint.  They need us in New Mexico," he said with sudden seriousness.
Steve didn't think now was a good to time to break it to Cooper that he was technically never a captain and it was just a name and that there
The young man was unfazed.  "Wow, I just... I can't believe you're here, you're like my hero, I mean, even before Iron Man, but then, when you came back from Afghanistan--"  A muscle in Tony's jaw jumped but his face remained fixed.  "--I was just, completely blown away, like, wow, you know,
He shot Tony a look over his shoulder and then clenched around him, smiling at the other's reaction. "In answer to your question," he breathed, voice sweet and expression mischievous, "Yes. I think I would
Something heavy tugged in Steve's gut. Something like lead. Tony. Dying. The two thoughts didn't compute in his mind. The man was so full of energy and life, his enthusiasm was infectious. But now he already looked drained, like he was giving up. Defeated. And Steve wouldn't stand for it. He just wouldn't. Tony wasn't going, not like this. Not before he wasn't mad at Steve anymore. Not before they talked, not before they...Steve stopped that train of thought. Or rather, the video of an old Howard speaking to a camera did.
"There's nothing so special about the captain," she continued.  "Karpov's boy works fine. Frankly, I think they ought to try again.  It would be better to try again than to try to capture the captain. Like Dennis said, what do they expect us to do once they give him to us?"
"They weren't allowed internet!" repeated Tony, sounding aghast.  "Oh, and I already talked to the lead medic about Tr
Dr. Gleason leaned back.  "It was only a joke, Mr. Stark.  Cloacas were first described in chickens, if I recall correctly."
Aria was right, of course.  In the living room, the three omegas were discussing the conversion camps, because Steve had never heard of anything like it and wanted to know more.
"As long as I'm allowed to be silently indignant while she spews bullshit then sure, I'll go. It's not like we have anything else to really do and we want to collect as much information as possible, right?"
, Steve. And this is hard for me.  The intimacy. And the... you being a guy part. Even though you're an omega. And... worrying that people will... think... or figure out..."  He trailed off, then looked down again. "I never counted them," he repeated, defiantly.
He shut the car door and then walked around to Tony's side as they walked in. The night staff fortunately paid little attention to them as they were caught up with some elderly guest who had lost her keycard. The ride up in the lift was quiet. When they got into the hotel room Steve dropped the case down and went straight into the bathroom to turn the shower on.
He rose and sat on the couch in the most dignified way he could, crossing his legs and trying to ignore his erection.
“...soap boxes?” said Tony, sipping his drink.  “Everyone has their pet causes, you know.  My old man, him and Obadiah and Captain America and Margaret Carter, they were all about patriotism, God and glory and country… and omega rights, I guess.  But that’s not my soap box.  My cause is… I don’t know.  I guess accountability?  Accountability for arms dealers, and, you know, renewable energy.  Those are really big causes, by the way.  I’m not slacking off here.  I just can’t do it all.  I have to pick my battles.  And I don’t even know any omegas, anyway.  I mean, my dad, he had Jarvis, so I get where he was coming from, Jarvis was a great butler and everything, and we had Ana, too… but I don’t have anyone like that now, so what do I care?”  Tony held up a hand.  “Yeah, yeah, I have you.  But trust me, Stan, you’re not Jarvis.  ...everyone jokes about how much I wanna save the world, but I can only do so much, you know?  I’m one guy, flying around in a tin can, making things go boom.  I can’t fix every fucking problem in the world.  And it’s not like omegas have it that bad anymore, anyway.  Most of you guys seem happy enough.  Accountability in the weapons trade is way more important.”  Tony nodded to himself.  “I don’t want my dad’s causes; I don’t want to pick up the mantle and fight his battle.  I want my own soap box.  Which is… y’know, this.”  Tony moved his tie aside and tapped his arc reactor.
Tony wondered how worried he should be.  He'd always lived life in the spotlight, unconcerned with his own safety.  But now he had an omega to think of.  Suddenly, he wasn't merely personally vulnerable.  Anyone who wanted to hurt either of them only had to hurt the other.  Their vulnerability had doubled in bonding.
They drove quietly for a while, no one saying anything. It was a peaceful quiet, not imposing. But soon Steve's thoughts forced their way out again.
"Yes," he whispered back.  Of course he knew the coordinates of all the bases.  That was critical information. He slid their hands together again and rubbed his thumb over the back of Steve's hand.
The anxiety and stress was rolling off Tony in waves, to the point where it was suffocating. Steve wad finding it hard to concentrate himself. He was overwhelmed with a sadness that wasn't entirely his own.
Tony blinked in surprise. "What?  No! No, it's... it's because of something else.  It's not you, I don't like touching hands in general.  ...aw, forget it, it's been like twenty-five years--" He threw his arms around Tiberius in an embrace; Tiberius made a noise of surprise and patted Tony's back awkwardly.  Steve could tell Tony was hanging on a little for support; clearly he'd had more than one drink before coming down here.
Tony stepped forward for a moment and put a hand on Steve's head, drawing him over to his thigh.  For a few moments he just stood, the weight of Steve's head on his leg, enjoying their position.
insecure?  Tony had been reassuring him for weeks that he was okay with Steve being double-bonded and that it wasn't his fault, and now he was going to go crazy over a little crush?
"Aww," said several people.  Irshad looked impressed.  The lone reporter at their table was scribbling frantically.
Donner wasn't yet showing, not really.  Even with his slender frame, at best, he looked a little bloated, but he was less than four months along.  Still, one hand was protectively over his stomach. He looked up at Steve with his usual nervous glance. "Happy birthday," he echoed.
"Tony!" Pepper cried out in distress as the two men wrestled together on the floor of the plane. Pepper would have stepped in if she thought she could of done anything. But right now she would just make things worse.
Just because there was no visible mark on his neck didn't give him the right to pretend like it had never happened.  Like it was nothing.  Maybe someday, Steve would let another mate take him, and conveniently forget all about Tony, too.  Pepper's voice was still distantly chattering.  "Anthony Edward Stark.  Come on.  That was another life ago.  Steve needs you now.  Steve probably feels awful about all this too.  Don't you owe it to him to talk it over?  Natasha said if you want him, you should fight for him.  You do want your omega, don't you?"
A chilled feeling had settled in Steve's stomach, and he almost felt sick. The back of his neck burned. It wasn't pleasant. "You..." he ignored the question about the Commandos. They'd been a mix of betas and Alphas and they'd been the best people Steve had ever met. He still remembered first meeting Dum Dum and grinning at the guy's mustache. He'd clapped a hand heavily on Steve's shoulder like he was an equal.
"Tony, pair-bonding isn't like marriage, it's not a purposeful thing, you don't really choose... I mean, you can choose... you
"A memory," said Phil, standing at the window casually, hands clasped behind his back.  "His brain is referring back to a conversation."
The crowd awwed when Steve turned around to fix Tony's hair for him with gentle movements of his fingers. "That's better," he murmured, so soft only Tony could really hear him before he let himself get sucked back into the discussion again.
Sam appeared behind her with a more lethal type of gun in his hands. "Steve wouldn't want you to fight us. We're his friends. Step down, soldier. And step away from Steve Rogers."
When T'Chaka actually spoke to him it dragged Steve out of his daze. He shook the king's hand warmly. "Sorry. The traffic was awful. It's a pleasure to meet you," Steve said, his usual polite self. T'Chaka had a warmness in his eyes. Steve instantly liked him.
"Okay," said Tony, taking Steve's hand and giving it a squeeze.  They followed Eric and Piper through the hotel lobby toward another suite.
thought Tony, smiling faintly.  Even the thought of going to bed at nine and waking up to a normal breakfast wasn't really a bothersome thought.  It felt like a natural evolution in Tony's life.  He sighed with contentment, slipping away into sleep, his last thought before he passed out a practical one:
Tony stared at her, not knowing how to respond.  After a moment, he said, uncomfortable, "Yeah, well... I am."
There was only one other person Tony truly believed made him a better person, and that was Pepper.  Tony's ego may have been huge, but so were his insecurities; one of his driving forces was for constant
than the neomodern, minimalist design of Tony's huge, impersonal mansion.  Tony had made the right choice, coming here... getting to touch Steve's skin, sit on his couch, peer into his life.
"Tony. Hey. Don't panic. Please stop--" Steve grunted in relief when Tony stopped wiggling. He really was very sensitive down there right now and Tony squirming around was not helping him stay comfortable. "And the reason I'm so tight is because we're always too impatient for proper foreplay," he pointed out and tried to reach for his phone.
Vanko was writhing beneath him; his arc reactor was nearly dead, and without an external power source, the suit was too heavy for him to control, but one of the whips was wrapped around him like an electrified anaconda and it was scrambling nearly every single of one Tony's systems.
"She's not even a week old.  She can't do anything," said Donner.  His face broke into a grin again. "Look, Dr. McDermott gave me this book!  Right now she can't even hold her head up... and she doesn't really track things more than a foot away."
"I say we go back out there, bring those spades back in before they ruin their lives, and kick Steve Rogers out!" shouted Paul.
Steve hesitated at Tony's question. He could tell Tony the truth now, or he could wait, but he wasn't really sure he could lie or say it was nothing.  It wasn't nothing.
"Squirrel suit.  Got it. Yes, sir," said Tony, repeating the curtsy before swaggering off, whistling, like this was all a big joke.
"I can't wait for Gideon to see us take down Trinity in a matter of hours.  Just wait 'til July," Steve mumbled, trying to sound meaningful and probably coming off as petulant. "I wonder what he's said to Donner about me. There must be something...a reason why he's so convinced I'm 'bad' but thinks that people like Banksy are 'good'."
Justin considered this.  "Wow.  Well, I can see I called at a bad time.  Just wanted to say happy birthday."
"...I wonder what's gonna happen to Jack," Tony murmured.  If Jack had been in on Justin's plans, then maybe he would go to an all-omega prison.  If he hadn't, he'd be on the outside, his mate incarcerated.  Then what?
He let out a shuddering breath. "Okay," Steve whispered. He rolled onto his front and then slid down between Tony's legs, taking his erection into his mouth. Steve sank all the way down to the hilt straight away before drawing back to tease at the head with his tongue. He was well practiced at this by now; he knew what made Tony squirm and what made him moan.
"He's scared of me.  Everyone's scared of me," she said, miserably, staring at her hands in an airport terminal.
"We're all responsible for each other," Steve murmured, gently brushing Tony's hair back from his forehead. "And you're my cousin. I went under for 70 years. I don't have any family left. It's nice to think that...that I actually do, you know?"
Tony leaned forward and gently kissed the corner of Steve's mouth.  "It's okay to be selfish, too," he mumbled against Steve's mouth. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but... it doesn't have to be all about me."  He pulled away, grinning suddenly. "...see? You've ruined me. I never would have said anything that ridiculous a year ago.
"He never sees the doctor. The first time he replaced the arc reactor, he made me reach into his chest and do it myself," reported Pepper.
The lift doors slid open slowly. Steve squeezed Tony's arm as they stepped out. "Okay.  So. Where the hell are we going?"
"We only need one grapple," replied Natasha, giving the rope a few experimental tugs; its thinness belied its strength.  "Do you mind?" Natasha asked with a sly smile over her shoulder. She really came into her own on a mission; she looked...strangely happy. It was like the way Clint made her smile.
"Absolutely not," said Tiberius, shaking his head.  "Even if my smell weren't so upsetting, I don't want to be anywhere near those camps.  Too many bad memories."
"Anthony Edward Stark!"  Tony could tell in an instant she wasn't in a good mood.  "Do you have any idea--"
Tony threw back the rest of his whiskey.  "May I have this dance, Rogers?" he asked, still grinning.  Wait, who the hell was supposed to lead? Tony was shorter but also an Alpha, but Steve was Captain America and... oh, hell.
"I already died for this country once," Steve huffed as the door slipped shut after Fury. "What goddamn more does he want from me?" He sighed and leaned back against the counter, running a hand over his face. Tony telling Fury to get out of his apartment had been pretty hot, at least.
Tony rose, swaying a little, to get another drink.  Last one, he promised himself. But all this talk of his father and Jarvis was making him feel like he needed one.  He remembered how Jarvis had wept at his father's funeral, how Tony had been unable to. He was not only shell-shocked, but had already begun wondering if his father was drunk.  All he could think of, over and over, was,
"Oh. Nick told me to give you something. Under the bench. Apparently it's a 'thank you'. Well, he didn't say that. Nick never says thank you but, you know, you get the idea..."
It had been two years since the incident.  During Steve's weeks as Tony's PA, he'd grown used to seeing this, the sudden out-of-the-blue moods that gripped Tony.  He almost definitely had PTSD; he had nightmares, flashbacks, and periodic moments of crippling guilt.  Steve had heard Yinsen's name before but Tony had never clarified who he was. Steve gathered he was another prisoner and that was about it.
The peacefulness was being interrupted, however, by a low rumble.  Tony looked up and sure enough, there was a helicopter. Tony's house wasn't situated under any particular areas of sky traffic; in fact, bordered as it was by conserved wildlife areas, the only real traffic he ever saw was for him personally.  (To that end, he had a helicopter pad on the estate, and why not? He flew often enough.)
"Well, you're certainly a tragedy."  There was a bitter tone to Natasha's voice; she didn't really sound like she was kidding around with him.  Had he hit a nerve?  Or was it that she didn't entirely approve of him?  She was Steve's friend and Tony was fully aware that he wasn't endearing himself to anyone by pointing out he'd slept with over a thousand women.
The thing was, he wasn't worried about being hurt.  He was worried about what Steve would see.  About appearing weak.  Steve's words, that he was one of the strongest people Steve knew, reverberated through his head.  They weren't comforting.  Quite the opposite.  They were an expectation Tony now had to live up to.
Tony leaned down to kiss Steve's temple before going to fetch him breakfast.  He'd never gotten anyone breakfast before in his life.  Well... there was a first time for everything.
"Oh, God, mute it, I fucking hate that guy... I can't deal with this... where's Rogers?  I need a smoothie."
After a moment, he looked back up.  "But the funny thing is, now that the absolute worst thing in the world happened... I don't feel paranoid anymore.  I feel like, oh, so
Fury admittedly looked a little taken back.  "Listen, Rogers.  If you don't want to be a good little soldier, you can march right on out of here, because the Avengers Initiative doesn't have time for--"
Tony felt bad that he and Steve probably both saw DeSoto a bit like a dim child.  It was hard not to. Surely there was some personality under there, but it was buried deep, and Tony didn't have the time or patience to befriend DeSoto and just ask him normally.  He wasn't above using manipulation to get what he wanted. But he didn't want to treat an omega like the other Alphas did, especially not in front of Steve. Not without Steve's awareness of what he was doing, and his permission.
"Natasha and Clint want you on the team because you'll be good for the team," Steve assured him quickly. "And we also have Sam, but he isn't around currently. He can fly too, actually. Though not quite as quick as you can," he breathed, letting their legs nudge together. His expression was relaxed, peaceful even. The warm water felt nice on his bones, his muscles. God, he needed to work out more now. As Tony's PA he hadn't really had the time. He'd managed a daily jog and a bi-weekly trip to the Stark gym. Sometimes he'd even met Happy in there and they'd checked each other. But now he had to start his proper routine all over again.
About three episodes in Steve fell asleep, his face pressed against Tony's shoulder. His body was still tired from fighting off the infection and he would need his strength for the weeks to come. After being in captivity for four days under bright lights to be able to sleep like was a luxury. And with Tony next to him he felt safe. He could feel that the other was worried, nervous... but then, so was Steve, and it was completely understandable. The next month would be pivotal and they only got one chance at it.
contacts, but he still preferred him.  More than half the designer sunglasses scattered all over the house were prescription. Being with Steve, his goatee had lost a lot of its shape because he kept forgetting to shave.  He cleaned up the corners a little, making sure it was even before moving on to his hair.
"So, Steve, do you think it's because you're from the forties and representation an old form of omega stereotypes that people like to think of you as virtuous?"
But then Steve was up on stage and Taylor was throwing her arms around him and squealing. "Oh my God! I'm so excited to meet you!"
The sea breeze felt strange as it met with his wet cock as Tony pulled off. But not unpleasant. Steve let out a high pitched sound before he managed a coherent answer. He was wet between his legs already. "It's… it's a lot more than good," he managed to finally get out, cheeks flushed and eyes heavy lidded.
