Then the delivery man carried the bouquet through the hospital corridor, and came to the door of room 320.
"Actually, only you can swagger into his room. Voice control, retina control, sequence lock...Every time I walk into..."Steve suddenly paused. After a few seconds, he continued unnaturally.
"Bucky?!" Steve yelled in surprise. Then he bowed his head and paused for a moment. Then he spoke again. "What are you doing here?”
“What is it?" Peter scratched his head. He didn't follow Tony's thoughts, which were always jumping about. "No matter what, I'll just help you."
"But I'm going to destroy science lessons if I don't turn in my paper tomorrow! No, today is tomorrow! I mean, today is Friday. I'm going to have it done before class." As if at last he had remembered this important thing, Tony rolled over to his feet, dashed to the laboratory.
"Wait a minute, I've been feeling shivering behind my back in Doctor Octopus's lab lately. I always thought the 'ghost' was around. Is that your ghost?"
The next day, Harrison Carter received an offer from Carbonell Industries to pay twice as much as he does now, plus an apartment rent-free on Manhattan's Upper East Side. He couldn't believe it.
Wait a minute, Kris... The brown-hair girl was in Tony's head. She was nowhere to be seen. She hadn't come out yet. Tony rushes into the fire. Black smoke obstructed his vision. He switched on an infrared scan. Must find her. Must save her...
Well, he's teasing him. Old Tony Stark's bad debt. Tony didn't have time to dig up his past now. He had more important things to do -- save the world. Just as Tony turned to leave, Doom called out to him.
It hurt so much. He endured the pain, was ready to finish the fight quickly. Tony swung around the opponent's back, sent him flying for a kick.
"A monster, you see, has only a frightening shell. When we know what it is, we will no longer be afraid, and we will conquer it. Your terrible father is just a sad drunker, a coward who is afraid to face his life and the truth."
"Gambit?! It's you. What about Professor X? Where's the Cyclops?" Hawkeye first spoke with curiosity.
Tony never knew That-Tony had a secret armor base in New York City. He thought that if the Base at the North Pole was destroyed, so would his armors and designs. If he had known there was such a place, two months ago he would not have been fighting hand to hand with a pair of gauntlets
Steve propped his motorbike on one foot, looked up into the air; The Golden Knight descending from the sky, hovering with jet boots in front of Steve. Through the mask, Steve could not see the expression of the man inside. But the Iron Man raised his gantlets toward him, the repulsors emitted from the ring of his palm, that was hissing. This posture was indicative of the current mood of the armor pilot.
Whiplash just thought already got, saw this kind of circumstance, instantaneous be frightened. I just upgraded equipment, never thought so kind of useless. Although there is a whip remaining, the opponents have cracked its technology. Better not lose all.
"They just went so far away. People forgot about them. When I grow up, I can go far away, I can find them."
The 77th floor is occupied by the CEO's office. After edging past two guards patrolling the corridor, Tony snuck to the door. In front of the door is an Iris ID lock. Tony prepared for this. He hacked into Bain's personal doctor's file, got a record, performed an iris data simulation. He popped a small box out of his gauntlet. The box beamed a light into the iris scan. Hoping to fool the encryption. Tony thought.
He bowed his head and was silent for a long time. He had been holding those words in his heart for a long time, and he didn't know who to tell them to, until today...
Looking at the stump of Vision, all of their faces were stained with sadness. But this is not the time to cry. This is not the time to mourn. This is not the time to bury their teammates. All eyes turned to Tony, who tried to compose himself.
"Turn on infrared, scan for humanoid creatures within 54.6 yards. Activate Vibranium scan to locate the combination of Vibranium and humanoid creatures. If the creature is moving faster than Mach 0.09, start the shield."
"One last thing, the music here needs a change. Steve, are you playing World War II veterans club music? Spiderman, could you change the music for us if you don't mind?"
"Emergency brake! emergency brake! This is Iron Man. There's been an accident five hundred meters ahead of you. A mudslide has flooded the track."
"More or less, I probably didn't want other ones to know that I was a village girl, so I wore smart clothes, tried to correct my accent, tried to fit in. You know, this is the first time I've told someone since I've been in New York."
"Sorry, Paige, he couldn't recognize you, so he didn't prepare yours, drink of mine." Steve passed his soda to Paige.
"The source is unknown and scientists are still working on it. At present, natural disasters such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and tornadoes can be identified."
Tony opened his eyes; Steve had approached the door of the simulation training room. The sound of his voice also returned to captain normal.
"Until you broke my motorbike for no reason, and you broke my shield. Ah, my shield, you just sent it flying. It landed in Central Park."
"No wonder you came so slowly. Didn't you even worry about me a little? The Avenger Mansion had Quinjets."
"That's what I told him. But his teammates, his... His very, very good friend demanded a public apology." Tony lowered his eyes.
What Libra said reminds Tony of some recent Avengers missions, most of which he missed. He only read about later in the database: dealing with California coastal surges and protests by Atlanteans; submarine testing water in the Atlantic ocean with unknown malfunction, undersea rescue; extinct volcano erupted suddenly, emergency evacuation of local residents; A meteor shower smashed a town, supported the cleanup of damaged buildings...
"More of a Brooklyn Dodgers fan. God, I really miss Ebbets Field. When I did attend games, I never sat in luxury seats like this one."
"Mum, you see I've saved a lot of money. You can quit one of your jobs, so I can see you more often."
"I don't know. I'm Iron Man after all. I am going to go back to Mansion and repair my armor. His armor base was destroyed in that fight, the only one left still needs to be repaired. I'm almost finished. And... Atishoo... "Tony sneezed, and suddenly felt that it was a silly idea to come out on a rainy day to go to his own grave.
Through the computer on the desk, Tony gained access to Bain's mainframe system, which was exactly what Bain said. The intelligence of their system is indeed very high, ahead of the systems now used by Stark Enterprises, which Tony had not expected. Artificial intelligence systems were not Bain’s forte. How did they suddenly become one of the best? It's not as simple as that. But indications have emerged that Bain had nothing to do with the theft of Stark's armor design. They were set up. The one who stole and killed at Stark armor base has extremely high levels of technology, not below but even above my current level. His or her technology was able to sneak into Bain Tower without anyone knowing. Instead, it was my stealth armor that was caught prematurely exposed due to lack of power. Tony felt a little depressed at the thought.
"That's bad news. Dr. Marvel isn't in New York, and anyone who can open the door for us to walk right across isn't in New York. We must go back ourselves."
Tony did not fully understand the circumstances until they were ushered out of the door by the zealous chief and the policeman who had escorted them.
"Bucky? What's wrong with you? Does the request make it difficult for you?" Steve pushed the distracted Bucky.
"Listen, Tony, no one is perfect, no one makes no mistakes. Superheroes are just normal in uniform trying to save the world." Steve said.
"Then I will wait for you to take me back, my knight. Shall we talk till dawn or do something else? Surely you didn't just jump into my bed at midnight to talk to me about Beast?"
Tony drawled and walked slowly up to Steve. As he got closer, the whole room was watching him. And Steve kept smiling at him, which made Tony a little more confident.
Tony raised his body a little, kissed Steve's bare chest, then slowly kissed him down, past his strong chest, past his hard belly, moistened his navel...The sheet under Tony was wrinkled, rubbing the bare skin of the back. His head disappeared into the depths of the quilt finally. He found it, held it in his mouth, licked it around, turning over the folds with his tongue tip.
Whew! Clang! Tony hung in mid-air with his arms around the railing of the fire escape. Playing tennis gave him a great boost in his arms. He pushed his arms hard, turned sideways, and jumped into the fire escape. The door to the fire escape was blocked. It can't be opened by human hands. Tony needed his armor. He ran down the aisle, trying to find the red sports car.
The medics rushed Tony in as soon as possible, his two friends went to wait and the rest of the hospital crew was on standby for this very moment. He was in really bad shape at this point, still unconscious but barely breathing even with oxygen support. The pair of medics busted threw the doors with the gurney and never stopped; some nurses who had been patiently waiting rushed over and helped redirect them toward the Emergency Room. Steve and Bruce were hardly able to get into the building with all of the commotion going on between the staff. Most of them were shouting commands that they only half understood. A lady took them a side and brought them to the waiting room, they just watched as their friend was being wheeled away from them.
The look on his face was soft and sincere, his eyes however displayed worry. As well as the light bags that developed underneath them. He had never seen him like this. In a way he looked as bad as he did. The way you carry yourself can tell a lot about your experience. He looked worn, so sincere and worried. Other people would take that as a weakness, showing emotion was always considered being soft. At least that's the way his father always looked at it. He would have been disappointed in the super soldier.
"Everything went alright, we were able to patch him up and keep his vitals stable. Right now some of my colleagues are running a few tests but I assure you he's in good hands. You should be able to see him shortly but it will only be for a few moments. He desperately needs rest and he probably won't be awake by then." A huge weight was lifted from their shoulders. Steve could felt he could finally relax; his knees hit the ground after being on his feet for hours. It wasn't like he was tired or anything like that, it's just he want to let relief fully wash over him. "Thank you." He said finally as he looked the man in the eye and smiled.
He was just relieved Tony was resting, safe to his knowledge. He even appeared to have regained some of his color. His cheeks were now flush and pink although he still seemed a little pale. Steve reached out and felt Tony's face with the back of his hand. His skin felt feverish against his own which unnerved. He listened to his breathing, steady in and out; the occasional wheeze.
"If that makes you feel better, I thought you could use some company." Steve said as he pulled up his chair close to Tony and sat down interlocking his fingers.
“Steve before you go, I managed to get a hold of Pepper shortly after you guys got back. I didn’t tell her all the details just that there was an accident, but he’s out of surgery, safe and resting.” Nat didn’t have the heart to tell the poor girl everything over the phone. After the scare with that portal she felt inclined to stay closer to Tony. She’d come this close to losing him again, especially after he’d promised to stay home and out of trouble, convincing her to go on the business trip to Tokyo enjoy herself.
Bruce kept applying steady pressure to the wound the entire ride down. Tony looking worse and worse every second, ghostly and hardly able to hold his eyes open. After several minutes they finally reached the base floor. They were met with the paramedics who seemed to be scrambling to the elevator door with the stretcher in hand. They were shocked to be met with a bloody Captain America and an even bloodier Tony Stark. They had known them as their saviors, but now one of them was in need of saving. They loaded up in the ambulance fast as humanly possible.
It wouldn't take long before it would hit so he'd have to deal with it while it was a safe distance away from them or any other buildings. His radar quickly picked up the location and distance of it. It was less than a mile out from the tower. He figured he had enough of wasting time and the quicker he dealt with this the quicker he could get back and relax. He put his arms parallel to his side and boosted his thrusters, taking off into the air.
He’d seen the horrors of war, whole limbs blown off among the absolute worse of human cruelty. He would find it hard to get that sickening image out of his head. He could only imagine how he felt. The only thing he could do was keep him from bleeding out and to a doctor. Tony seemed so weak and fragile when they left him. Howard would be sad to see his only son in such condition; to be in excruciating pain fighting for his life. He'd probably scolded me for letting this happen. Hell he felt he needed to kick his own ass.
Tony had access to the best doctors in Manhattan. Some of which were the most qualified in the US. Ever since his incident in Afghanistan he didn't like to take any chances, even if he hated going to the doctor it was just one of those things. He couldn't just ignore the shrapnel in his chest forever, one day maybe soon he'd have to get it removed, as much as he didn't want to. The arc reactor after all was just a temporary solution and he knew one time or another something would have to be done about it.
Bruce's voice intensified which startled Steve. A hint of green surfaced in some spots. But he was able to suppress his urges. He'd come too far to just up and lose it in some hospital parking lot.
A near death experience can really open someone's eyes to a bunch of different things. One which may be the cruel truth is that humans are weak creatures. They can't stand up to something like what happened the other day. It was a god send that opened their eyes and will forever change their view on how they see the world. They needed to be protected and for some reason he felt there was still more trouble to come. Countless enemies would appear and try to disband their heroic attempts in keeping the peace. But they had to try.
"Tony please stay with me," His voice came out as near pleading not usual for the man who simulated the embodiment of strength and power. It didn't look right to see Steve begging.
He used to think of it as a barren place with little means and inhabited with weaklings. But ever since his first visit in which he originally protested to, he has grown to love it. He has also grown to love another as well as the thought of peace over the violence he'd always thought necessary to achieve his goals. Although from what Loki has shown him in the past few days it can't always be that simple.
He ignored the sting of his side as they cleaned the incision, he was afraid what it looked like and he didn't even want to know. By the feel of it he knew it wasn't pretty. It would make for a long recovery. The man examining him noticed the binding was pulled from his earlier ordeal and needed to be fixed. Tony wasn't happy about that; luckily he had enough painkillers in his system to ignore the threading of the needle to his bruised flesh.
His chest would never be right, on a daily it would ache and if he breathes just a bit too deeply the metal rubs just enough against his rib cage that it sends jolts through his body. He’d built up quite the tolerance for pain. Only taking pills when it became too much to ignore. He didn't want to develop a dependency for them, although given the situation he's currently in he could only pray it would take the pain away. He hit the button when it lit up and within minutes he could actually say for the first time since his ordeal he felt pretty decent.
"Thank God, I'll have to admit you had me going there. That look you had on your face was kind of like if you saw a ghost or something, had me a little worried." Natasha admitted as she linked her hands behind her head. You could see the reassurance wash over her face when Steve finished talking. Who knew they'd all care for Tony as much as they did, of all people it was the greedy Iron man they were worried about. I guess when you've spent as much time around him as they did you kind of get the feeling something's missing without him around. The atmosphere around them felt off.
Only surprising the others to see nothing but a flurry of red liquid expel from his mouth. Tony followed with a sinking feeling to mend with the floor. He slowly lifted his head up paled and beaded in sweat. He drifted back but was caught by Bruce and Steve before he could hit the hard surface. They laid him down on the floor.
"I.. don't want to.. go back to sleep.." The doctor looked into his patient's eyes and saw something that should never be there, pure terror. Tony Stark wasn't afraid of anything. He took on an alien armada just a few days ago. He thought to himself. The countless terrorist he'd single handily taken out, and yet he was afraid of going to sleep? It was odd but he wasn't one to judge a man who helped save the planet.
They found two seats in the room and pulled them up next to the bed and watched him slowly breathe in and out with the oxygen mask on his face. Steve reached over and felt his forehead and frowned once he noticed how cold it still was. As far as they knew he was holding on. He had endured everything all the way up to the end of his procedure. One thing was true in the long run; he hadn't given up and was determined to continue the fight. Even if it wasn't a physical battle, his body might prove to be his strongest feat yet. The only thing they could do now was be patient and let him get some rest.
Several coffee rings stained the nightstand. There was a small unlabeled bottle of copper liquid beside the bed. Steve picked it up uncapping it and instantly he could smell the pungent aroma of top shelf whiskey. Hell of a way to wake up or go to sleep. Then he noticed the various orange bottles tucked around the lamp. Curiosity is quick to take control as he reaches for them. He recognizes some as Valium, Prozac, Celexa and others he wasn’t sure about, he tossed them in the bag maybe he’d need him.
He was beginning to coupe; after all it'd been such a long time since he'd worked with others. Especially one's as extraordinary as these ones. In his mind it hadn't been long at all, almost like waking up the next day, when in reality it had been several decades. It was an experience to say the least; he'd never been in a situation like that ever before. But he was glad he was able to work with people with hearts as big as his, even if some of them had their faults but they all meant well. He thought of Bucky a lot, it was understandable to miss your best friend. To watch your friend fall from your reach in unforgiving tundra was one of the hardest things he's experienced.
After what seemed like hours of torture to Tony had ceased within minutes. With every cut Steve made, came paired along with it a grunt or a wheeze by the man. Every jolt of pain was hard but manageable at least for someone like Tony. Alas he was far from out of the woods. It was time to move on to the glistening steak that was still sticking out of him, which would be way harder to remove. Even when compared to splitting open indestructible armor.
It seemed quicker for Steve to jog on foot over vs. previous ambulance ride. He didn't even break a sweat it was only a few blocks away. He knew it was their job to be fast in dire situations but he could out run one in New York this day in age. He never imagined so many cars on the roads. Not to mention the amount of pedestrian out this late at night. He’s never really roamed the city streets before but the people really were something else. He’s never seen such strange bunches flourishing with diversity.
"I believe I can answer that. But isn't it pretty obvious Nat? I mean look." Clint pointed at the scraps of Tony's suit which remained dismantled and scattered into pieces on the floor, drenched in blood. He walked over and picked up half of the split apart breast plate. The sharp of Vibranium left a huge gaping hole through the middle of it. If the suit had been just a little thinner the spike could have easily tunneled straight threw to the other side.
"I won't bother you any more, since it's getting late." Krats touched the brim of his fedora, nodded, and left.
One large piece did hit him rather hard however; way more than he'd anticipated. It just about knocked the wind out of him; making him fly back several feet before he caught himself. The hit made him momentarily lose focus and unable to breathe for a moment. He quickly shook off the shortness of breath he was feeling in his chest as he watched whatever was left of the missile rain down from the sky. Streaks of black smoke plummeted to the face of the Earth.
"What's with the formality? No one else's here but us, so just call me Tony. After all we're just two people living and breathing side by side on this planet of ours." He said barley threw his teeth as he looked up at the nearly blacked out ceiling. Only a single part of it was lit thanks to the small lap to his side.
"Yes I noticed that," he trailed off slightly hoping she would get to the point she was trying to make. He was really tired. It was hard enough to keep his eyes open let alone focus on Natasha. "What I wanted to tell you was the thing that pierced his armor was Vibranium. The same stuff your shield is made out of." Whatever was lulling Steve asleep dissipated and was replaced with something else. Why would something as like that be hidden in a missile? He narrowed his eyebrows at the red head in front of him who was waiting for a response. Although that was probably the reaction she was looking for. "Why?"
Tony flew as fast as his arc reactor could power. Knowing full well it wouldn't take much long before the missile would reach its destination. He had at least a couple minutes left to destroy it. He had much practice in blowing these sort of things up. Since he'd pretty much showed up on the front doorstep of multiple terrorist organizations and ruin their day. He hated the use of bombs on the public. Given he used to manufacture and sell them to who ever had the means to buy them. That's how he made his fortune, with blood money.
He focused his breathing but the feeling was getting harder to ignore. The button had turned green on his dispenser. He pressed and within minutes he could feel his body go numb again. With all his trouble conveniently tucked away in the back of his mind he was able to find some peace at least for the moment.
A room Tony had been gracious enough to give him. He didn't have to do that. They didn't get along very well at first, even though he's the spitting image of Howard the two were just as far from each other, both brilliant in their own aspect.
"Is he dreaming?" Steve said beneath his breath. He squeezed his wrist feeling the pulse become erratic. His muscles were twitching; whatever he was dreaming about got him riled up. Then the machine went off.
The duo arrived at the tower around 1:40 in the morning. It seemed like since they'd been gone it had been abandoned altogether. The only thing that still showed signs of life was the bright light coming from the top floor window. They knew the others were still waiting for them probably expecting the worse since they have yet to get a call or a word for that matter about anything. It left them to once their wits and imagination; some would over power the other one.
"Whoa Tony don't try to move. You need to rest." Steve quickly sprung to his feet and continued to project that deep seeded worry in his tone and actions. He gently placed his hands on the other's shoulders to ease him and keep him from wriggling. As well as keep him calm and collected. The last thing he wanted was for him to be spazzing out after he made it through the trauma he has. After a few moments his breathing calmed and slowed becoming more regulated.
He found another blueprint tucked away for the same gadget and it purpose. It’s written on dirty recycled paper with two different kinds of handwriting. One he could easily recognize as Tony’s the other he couldn’t pinpoint. It reads the device’s purpose to keep the shrapnel from reaching his heart and that it was imbedded in his chest. He always thought that thing was just part of his suit, something he wore not a piece of tech keeping him alive. It must be pretty nerve wracking to carry that burden.
She went to turn on her heel to check on the data but was stopped by an unexpected embrace from her long time friend. This surprised her for a moment, but it really shouldn't have. Clint hated seeing her troubled it didn't suit her, she was too strong to be put down by something like this. They were never the worrying type; never really had to, with them it was do your job to the best of your ability and live to see another day. Not to worry but be aware of any possible outcomes. He hugged her tighter, I guess this time they couldn't help but worry. They'd seen similar situations involving other agents they knew, with more devastating results. "He gonna be fine Nat, they man is just as stubborn as Furry. It'll take a lot more than something like this to finish him. I bet even right now he's pushing everyone around and giving them a hard time."
"You're welcome little birdie." He retorted with a hint of sarcasm. "I'll just go out there real quick and blast it before it gets any closer." Tony said before activating a few switches, in seconds pieces of armor were being lowered from hidden places in the ceiling. The robotic arms very carefully set and locked every piece into place, which was extremely useful when you were to the point of intoxication where you couldn't even be able put on a pair of pants even if you wanted to. Bruce walked over his arms crossed until he placed one of his hands on the newly hyped mans shoulder, before it became covered in a thick shell of metal. Tony glanced back to the man, glassy eyed but way more serious and alert.
In an instant it exploded into a stunning display of smoke and fiery red inferno that seemed to burn as hot as the pits of Hell itself. He liked to wait until the very last second for dramatic effect, that and the explosion would be spectacular. It indeed was but the light it brought with it momentarily blinded him and as a reaction he squeezed his eyelids shut and instinctively threw his arm up to shield his eyes. Light sensitivity was a natural symptom of being for lack of a better word shit faced.
She shrugged with no idea other than what was obvious. It was an initial attack meant for Tony and they fell for it. He was the prime target and there was no helping that. "Well touch on this tomorrow, just though I should let you know. We should get some rest so we can see Tony in the morning." Natasha said before she herself stood up yawning. She placed a hand on Steve's shoulder before walking off.
When the steady voice sounded, Tony involuntarily hugged the man beside him, burst into tears. The rain had drenched him. He trembled.
“I didn't doubt her, if I had, I wouldn't have brought her. But Tasha is suspicious of her. She suspected that she had helped us in Kang's case, which was Kang's way of putting his own people in our midst. But as I said, it's not Kang's way to hire a killer. And it wouldn't benefit him to go after today’s Iron Man. I brought her here just to give her a chance to prove it to Tasha."
"Did you find out by sneaking into Dr. Octopus's lab? Funny, just you? An old fellow who doesn't graduate from art."
"Hank, aren't we all right now? Let’s go of the past and forget about the future." Jane was half drunk, because Hank had sobered up.
"Stop it! Avengers won't let you destroy summer in Manhattan." With a shout, a shield flew up and smashed the icicles.
After a long silence, Doom continued, "What if I said, I have a way for you to fix time turbulence without having to go back in time?"
"The moment Doom pierced your armor created a branch, a parallel universe. You will fall asleep again. When you wake up, you will enter this new universe, and you will forget everything that happened in this outside dimension. You won't remember our conversation."
"You are childish and weak, and nothing like what you will be in ten years. The Tony Stark I knew wouldn't give up so easily, and surrender to fate."
"Technically she was my girlfriend 10 years ago, but that's relative to her time, my time she is still my current girlfriend from two weeks ago. You know I still have feelings for her. She's really beautiful.
"I could try, but mind control isn't my strong suit." Jean Grey came forward. She concentrated her energies into the mind of Hulk, found Bruce Banner's personality, but it was tough for her to shut him down entirely.
Tony jumped through 20 messages from various investors, thinking that in the future he should build an A.I. to automatically handle all the boring business matters.
Vision is always the last one that appears at parties. These gatherings contain too much human emotion, which he will never experience again after his rebirth. Vision had erased the feelings of Wanda, but Wanda could not erase her own. So, she is always waiting for the emergence of Vision. Don't know why, today she suddenly got tired. She was never stupid looking toward the door again. Maybe because of the words of Tasha, maybe 19-year-old Tony who impressed her enthusiasm, to remind her what love is, what two people love each other is. So, she enjoyed the evening, so she provoked Flamenco. She was the hot red gypsy girl again, the red focal point. She talked about love while she was dancing with Tony.
"Honestly Tony that's one of the stupidest thing I've heard you say. Aren't you supposed to be some sort of genius, what kind of crap is that to ask?! We all care for you and what happens to you even if you don't seem to care yourself." Steve huffed in frustration. He'd waited hours to see him and then longer for him to be comprehensible and all he wants to know is why he did what he did. Tony merely blinked at his supposedly empty words.
He missed Bucky so much, almost like it left a void in his heart. He would give his left arm to see him again but he knew there was no way. He'd been lost before it was even his time. A lot of young men lost did as well and for awhile so was he. Steve got lucky, he was found. They never told him how but the next thing he knew he woke up in a make believe hospital room. It was shocking to say the least having the last thing you remember being that you were freezing to death. Then to wake up in the future surrounded by all sorts of things you couldn't even begin to understand. Everything was new but he loved to learn.
"See no big deal." Tony said switching off his boosters, making a loud thud as the full weight of his suit hit the stone patio. Steve and Bruce had watched the whole ordeal from the roof top and weren't surprised that he was well able to handle the small projectile. He's had more than enough experience with handling these kinds of things, even if he'd had more than a little much to drink. Considering he probably took joy rides out in the night sky drunk as hell whenever he felt bored or in need of a thrill after he'd been working for a long time.
"Huh.. Where.. am I?" Tony slowly came back to consciousness; his voice raspy and muffled underneath the oxygen mask strapped to his face, a slight wheeze with each inhale he took. Curtsy of his broken ribs, it was a miracle that he managed to fly all the way back to the tower before realizing what happened. His chest was wrapped tightly with tinged white bandages which made it nearly impossible for him to move. That was the desired effect, Stark being as hardheaded as they come. Although they could bet he'd be out for a pretty long while.
He pulled it out getting a better look in the light. His eyes widened, instantly he realized who it was even through the dark muddied hair and rugged appearance it was clear that was Tony. He read the headline to one of the papers, ‘American scientist and entrepreneur Anthony Stark held captive after weapons test in Afghanistan.’
The opposite of himself he took everything seriously, except when under the influence. To him it wasn't his problem per say and there were many able minded people in the room that wouldn't mind handling the nuisance. After all he wasn't much of a drinker and Natasha considered him much of a light weight. In truth he would rather stay sharp than dull his senses so he stayed away from booze. But this being a special occasion he made an exception. Thanks of all the years of training he'd been through, he was well able to bring himself down when it was needed. Almost like a self-sober up, he liked to think of it as like a type of ninja focus move he'd come up with but in reality that was redundant.
"Lye still or else you'll opened up the rest if your wound." He said as he walked to the cabinets, pulling out another small bottle and syringe. "Don't worry. I'm not going to put you to sleep or anything this is just going to ease the pain. Is that ok Mr. Stark?"
No answer. I'm not surprised. I'm in trouble aren't I? Nothing other than utter silence rings in my ear other than the sound of my shallow yet steadily growing breaths.
Steve couldn't help but pace back and forth in the lobby. His mind was going a mile a minute with no hope of slowing until he knew the situation. He'd never been much of a patent man, even bake in the old days before he joined the army or became a super solder he had always been antsy. Everyone thought he had ADD, even his mother before she passed away. She'd never been able to keep a leash on him. Not like it was a bad thing, Steve had always been a good boy. He would help out and clean; make dinner if his mother had been working all day and was tired. He was a kind boy but he hardly got tired and when he did he still kept on going.
He clenched his already tense fist full of sheets. I'd be nothing for the ones who put him there to slip in and finish him off. It might be nothing, but he couldn't help but think that way. Someone needed to stay at his side. If he didn't have a nearly comatose Banner at his side at the time he would have stayed. The others also needed a brush of hope to ease their tensions.
"It's a strong possibility. But how and why?" She said to herself as she bent down to pick up the shard. It was still dripping heavily with blood as she held it in her hands, some running off onto her boots. She ignored the mess and trudged over to one of the many lab observation tables Tony had set up in the back of the room. They were everywhere; he was just that excessive kind of guy. Whenever a creative thought popped into his head he'd rush to the nearest station and do whatever he knows best. Anything he could do to impress Bruce Banner, make him jealous more like.
"Well in any case are you ok now Brucey? I mean you have us now don't you?" Tony smiled his rosy red cheeks reflecting his level of maturity but he was being as sincere as he could. This meant something. That they all cared for him even though they didn't know him all that well or of what he'd done in the past. Maybe they did and didn't even care. But one thing was true. That even though you can have a checkered past that you are in control of your future and what you make of it. Love the sinner not the sin or even the monster.
"Where do I begin, we rushed to the hospital and he went into surgery I couldn't really tell you what happened in the ER but when the doctor came out he said it was close but he was going to make it. After a while they let us go in and see him, he was a little pale but for the most part he was still fighting." Steve withheld telling them about the fact that he forced himself right after being stitched back together or the fact that side looked worse than bruised fruit. The important thing they needed to know was that he was alive.
Steve waited at the top of the stairs for his not so fit companion to join him. He thought it was only right to go in together, at least that way he wouldn't be the only one to get bombarded by questions. He paced for a moment thinking over what he was going to say. It was good news but why was it so hard to put it into words. The image of Tony discolored skin nearly made his stomach turn over again. The truth is he didn't know if he was going to be ok. He seemed like he was going to be strong and fight but he couldn't shake the feeling.
They've drank together, joked together, and fought alongside each other for the sake of everyone on this defenseless little planet he's grown to love; to make matters worse the common enemy was his troublesome brother. They could have executed him right when they caught him but they were kind enough to let him go back where he belonged. They didn't have to do that and for their generosity he would be indebted to them. But even so he didn't want to see him die in such a pitiful state after celebrating such a glorious victory.
One of the men removed the pad covering the wound, his body still sensitive to touch. The bruising has gotten considerably worse now covering his entire left side, across his abdomen up to his armpit in a deep unforgiving purple. "Hold him."
"Someone has to stay and guard the tower, if there is someone who sent the original missile then what to say they won't send a second one, we can't take any more chances. Thor you got the thunder power in case we someone to detonate another one from a distance."
"We'll be there in less than two minutes. The best doctors in the nation practice there. He's in good hands." He wished he good say something definite but he didn't even know what Tony Starks condition was. The world would be a grim place without him that was for certain. Not just because he was a celebrity or one of the biggest philanthropist, but because he was a hero. Although no one could ever see that an egotistic billionaire could be that kind of person, he was one in a million. A big self conceded but a treasure in the twisted world.
Naturally she'd been trained to work around the loved ones and she really didn't mind. She didn't want someone to get up when she was the one bothering them. It was a habit after all. She apologized but Steve just smile and thanked her for tending to his friend. She blushed realizing who it was that sat beside Tony Stark. Even so she's had plenty of practice keeping her cool in certain situations like this.
"Clint you've got eyes in the sky. Keep a look out for anything suspicious and make sure Jarvis stays online, I have a feeling someone is planning something." Steve ordered the others. Making sure the situation stayed under control and didn't get any worst. However it was that sent the first threat took advantage of their defenses being lowered and well as their initially raise spirits.
"You ok?" Rhetorical question of course, "Yea, I'll live." His eyes were dark and full of dread. The sting in his side was getting harder to ignore. "Worst part is I lost my buzz."
"I'll make sure to start a training regiment with you as soon as we finish up here," Steve said as he helped the man steady himself to his feet. "You know that's very generous of you but I'm more of the brain and the backup muscle in desperate situations. I don't think it'll wise to over work me. You know I don't have the temperament. "He let out with staggered breathing as he rubbed the back of his neck.
"Huh I guess so." He seemed to daze off a bit, the thought of that battle still haunting him even though he'd been awake. The thought of sleeping and potently reliving those nightmares over and over again terrified him. 'A hero? More like a frightened puppy..' he thought.
"Thank you Hector, sorry to be such a pain in the ass this late." He heard the man scoff at his remark, obviously unprepared for it. The fact of the matter was he didn't want to move even if he could, the medication made him almost mend into the covers. Hector nodded his head and exited the room leaving Tony in silence yet again. He rolled his eyes back over to the digital clock, 5:16 am.
"What's happening?!" Steve exclaimed hysterically. The one holding a face mask explained that there was nothing wrong, that this was the desired effect. He stated that the sedative would relieve most of the stress and help him relax. It made everything a lot easier on him to be sedated and not awake, that way he was able to get some well deserved rest. Being he's been through quite a hefty amount of trauma and blood loss, it's a wonder why he hasn't keeled over by now, let alone you know. The worst was over but there was still a long period before he would be out of danger. He had sustained quite a severe injury, as well as lucky enough to even stay alive and in such high spirits.
The next thing he knew Tony was forcing himself to sit up, ignoring how excruciatingly painful it was and embraced Steve. It startled him for a second; not fully realizing what was going on until a pair of arms linked around his neck and pulled him in closer. His eyes widened, at first he didn't know what to think but he quickly caught on. "Tony, what are you doing? You need to lie back down." He said as he lifted his head up to look at the other who was by this point resting on his shoulder. He could hear his labored shallow breaths. It concerned him but Tony was too stubborn, just like his father.
After a few minutes it had taken its full effect. Tony's eyes became less strained, his muscles relaxed and the stern look his face had held slacked into a softened, peaceful one. His breathing became more steadied and controlled. Having once been hunched over the side of the bed in complete agony, now allowed himself to be settle back under the covers by a man he didn't know.
Clint shaped up real quick once everything suddenly became serious and sent one of them to the hospital in critical condition. All because he was way over his head and figured he could handle something so easily. In retrospect he probably could of but given the circumstances as well being oblivious to the extra surprise hidden within the initial attack. To make matters worse he was too out of it to avoid it or even notice what had happened until it was too late. This was so typical, inexperienced people dealing with serious situations so carelessly simply because of their ego.
He said honestly as he looked the tired man in the eyes. Steve and Bruce only exchanged worried glances as the doctor pulled a couple of sterilized bandages and gaze from the little supply dresser to the side which didn't seem to belong in the nicely furbished room. He wiped away the already drying blood from around the stitches. Steve offered to assist him while he patched his friend up. He was finally able to get a good view of the wound without blood soaked clothing in the way and a rush of adrenaline keeping his mind on the task that was originally at hand.
The driver glanced over for a split second after noticing the sudden change in atmosphere and the tone of the others voice as he spoke those words. "Hey honestly it'd be pretty sad if I didn't know who you were. After all if it wasn't for you, none of us would be here, right? You pummeled that lizard thing into the ground before it could reach the apartment complex live in. I'd have to say I owe you my life Mr. Hulk."
In a way he almost blamed himself for not compromising on a best strategy. Though no one could have seen something like this coming, after all the Iron Man armor was supposed to be near invincible. It's like someone planned it out and targeted Tony. Knowing that he would of went up there and dealt with it. "You're going to be ok Tony." Steve interjected as he and Natasha rushed over with the cutters.
"Hey look at it this way. If the tesseract had never of been stolen you wouldn't have been able to meet this awesome guy." Tony smiled and pointed his thumb at himself.
They wheeled him out and down another hallway. The main surgeon cleaned himself up and removed his soiled scrubs. He didn't want to alert them by his appearance, like buttered him or something. He washed his hands and left down another hallway that would lead to area where the waiting room was. He knocked on the door and was immediately greeted with the worried Captain. "Hello sir my name is Dr. Shelton, may I come in."
Even now his stomach twisted full with tension of the unknown. Who'd planted that metal? Why would someone use a shard of vibranium set as a deliberate trap? What's keeping them from coming back? To not know what might happen while no one is there to protect him. His eyes darkened eloped in grief.
"Yes Jarvis." His creator replied calmly before taking a swig of fresh bitter alcohol. As it slid down his throat as an icy river yet still burning ever inch it traveled down into his system. It caused slight shivers to run up and down his spine, this was the feeling he loved from the burning to the tingling sensations. It was a plus to the real reason he drank and after a while he'd learned to love all of its effects. Well except for the morning after hangover.
"At the hospital, though you probably don't remember much. I mean you were pretty messed up when everything went down." Steve replied answering his clearly oblivious question. Tony's mind was groggy and his head was throbbing but he wasn't totally clueless, he remembered mostly everything. Well until he passed out that was when everything faded to black. He rolled his head and looked over to the blond to his side.
Where I am? I can feel a chill running up my spine, making every little hair stand on end. Where are the others? I wonder if they know what's going on. I can't open my eyes, whether it's against my own will or otherwise I am blinded. I feel weightless as if I were stuck floating a vast ocean. This is weird. I can't feel anything. 'Jarvis,' I call out.
A blinding light distorts my vision as a drift back, the shock of the explosion expelling me. I'm out of it. Everything fades back to black. I don't know where I am anymore. I'm lost yet again. I think. Am I dead? Is this hell, just one constant reoccurring sadistic void of darkness? Emptiness.
"I know who you are. Everyone knows who you are Mister Stark, the incredible Iron man who saved the city just a few days ago. You're a hero sir." A genuine smile never left his face as he continued to work.
"Ha-ha! Mom at work? Whose mother needs to go out to work? What job can a woman do? She's probably fooling around with some other guy. No wonder your father was drunk all day." The tall, stout boy with the cap scoffed.
"Don't need electronic remote control, you can fly out of the elevator shield. So handsome!" Tony exclaimed.
Tony's prediction is right. Frostbite's attacks get lower and lower, finally subdued by them. S.H.I.E.L.D. put him in the prison van.
"Put it there, Jarvis. Don't bother me now. I'm very busy." Tony said without turning his head when he heard someone come in.
Krats frowned at this answer. He took off his mask and put down his spray gun, picked up the extension in the basement. Mrs. Rogers's voice came over the phone.
Peter's rescue efforts did not go well. He took Tony's instructions and rushed downstairs. Kris was already down with Elise in her arms. Mrs. DeGann was holding Gatlin by hand.
"Cooper is a man of few words, and has few friends. So, it is difficult to rub Spymaster’s cover." Tony comforted Kris.
Paige stood up and explored the shop with interest. She knew this toy shop, and she was full of curiosity, but was afraid to go in, because no children dared. The children said that the shopkeeper was an evil wizard who could manipulate monsters and launch attacks. Steve laughed his head off at Paige's anecdotal stories and brought her over.
"I could, but you have to run a few more laps. I'll go back to the mansion and analyze. I have a theory now, but only a theory. If that's what I suspect..."
When Tony said this, the girls brightened up. Tony then took the two girls to the movies, and dropped them off at their dorm. He returned to Empire State University to find Peter. Peter was still in the lab.
Tony did not struggle, because another voice within him, the voice that belonged to Tony, had been longing for the kiss, for him to appear, for him to stop his leaving, for him to obey his desire to stay with him at all costs. So, he put his arm around Steve's shoulder, opened his lips, allowed his tongue to run through every crack between his lips and teeth, allowed himself to be washed over and over again by that trembling longing, and then all his defenses crumbled, and all he could think about was this blond man. Tony's eyes misted as Steve released him.
"He didn’t have my own label on his head. I don’t have his own label on my head either." Tony said quietly. "And it just happened that way. I let it happen. Bain is a very attractive dangerous woman."
Then Tony yelled to the window, "Old man, you've been listening under the window for a long time. Now you can come in. Don't test me those fights you taught. I can't beat this kind of hard hand."
"I knew it. Before you opened this dusty box, you pretended to wipe your shield a hundred times, peeked at me 200 times. You're tired of waiting, aren't you? In this case, I can only start with a topic that is distracting enough for you. In fact, I don't want to see the old photos in that box so much, I'm more focused on the present. Who knows? Maybe tomorrow we will encounter Hulk and die. "Tony rearranged his toolbox, put it back in armor’s hiding space.
"It is Steve's. It was made for him by Mr. Krats. He worked hard for it. It's his favorite thing. You can't sell it. Please, please."
“Make up a story” is a very difficult task to carry out. Peter thought as he ran to the sheepfold. Inside the sheepfold, Seth was trying to pull a strong Billy goat out of the fold. Dani's strength was multiplied by the shock, and Seth had no way of fighting it. Peter joined the team pulling the goat.
"Tasha, you're so kind. You coming back to pick up the Avengers Chief is a great gift. What? You're not going to stay, just drop by. That's all right. I'm just glad to see you. Oof, how about a kiss? Ah! Don’t hit my face. Ugh, it hurts."
"Just a comedy." Steve smiled. "On our next date, we won't have to go to a place like this to mourn."
"S.H.I.E.L.D. was hiding the truth. She's been in Europe. But after all this, we're just friends now." Steve said.
"Wait a minute, the earthquake and torrential rain in the Yorkshire Dales were not mere natural disasters. They were recent global anomalies, along with the snowstorms in 32 US states, and belong in the occult." Tony said.
The hint provoked a flash of images in Tony's head, he pushed them away, soothing his emotions for a moment, dodging the hot spot.
"It's too early to talk about love." Tony thought for a moment and answered. "I don’t think I’m ready to afford this word, and everything it stands for."
Tony immediately joined Dr. McCoy on his return to New York, correcting a few minor errors in Dr. McCoy's calculations in time to prevent the torrential rains and snowstorms from turning into droughts. They then installed the vapour control devices that they had created, and brought temporary relief to the extreme weather. While other Avengers from Christmas to New Year all across the United States to disaster relief. During this period, Tony and Steve didn’t even pass by. At most, Tony could hear his voice on the team's public channel. Each time Tony recognized it, his heart beat half a beat more, but he had no time to stop and think about it.
Sure enough, Steve's room is neat and uncluttered. Flat sheets, an old radio at the head of the bed, photos of the Avengers, some books in the bookcase... There is a sofa and coffee table near the window. Attracting the attention of Tony are the paintings on the wall. Most of them are portraits, Thor, Giant Man, Yellow Jacket, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch, Quicksilver, and of course the highest frequency is Iron Man.
After a long time, Steve, who had not seen them return, followed the tracks, and found a pile of scattered sticks only.
Tony could only listen to Steve and Jan's conversation, and even if they lowered their voices, he could still hear what they were saying clearly. Because he has another watch on his other hand, and this watch is the same type of watch that he handled to Steve. They are a pair of watches that can be used as a point-to-point contact device. There is a button on the watch that can pop up a holographic three-dimensional image of the contacted person. The microphone on the other watch can be activated through this one.
After the disassembly of West Avengers and Force Work, it looks like they have a new plan to open a new Avengers division...
"It's expensive, but I think we'd better jump now." Spider-Man pulled the parachute out from under his seat.
Steve didn't answer. He just hugged Tony, and gave him a long kiss. He relished the taste of the ice cream in Tony's mouth, first sweet, then bitter with a hint of coffee and walnuts.
"Perhaps you should settle the matter at hand. When you get back, it's daylight, you'll get a lot of gazes, which will be in the papers tomorrow. As much as I'd love to make money to take this picture, but as your good friend Spiderman, I've decided to tell you the truth." Spiddy pretended to listen carefully, but actually he missed the point of all Tony's dramatic worries, so he went around, pointed out the most urgent problem to be solved.
"Unfortunately, we can't do that. That timeline is moving exactly as it should. The Old Tony Stark of that Earth must be brought back to life. The universes must balance. I can't disturb the balance."
"Don't you always wonder why every time you have an accident Iron Man shows up at the right time? I didn't show up at school for a while because I was staying at Avengers Mansion. Even though it was my cousin's house, it was half my childhood home. The butler, Jarvis, is like a father to me. And what I was telling you about family emergencies were actually some of the Avengers’ tasks."
Steve smiled and shook his head, kissed Tony's sweat-soaked hair and carried him back to bed. Holding him in his arms, he felt once again the familiar sensation of Tony lying in his arms. Then sleep at last caught up with him, and he gasped, fell into a deep sleep.
"I've been reading at the Avengers database. Hawkeye thinks Tony caused the death of Mockingbird. She was his ex-wife. He wouldn't have come back if Tony hadn't died. But in that situation, Tony just made a tough decision."
"Don't rush in! I'm not sure you're immune to it. So, we have to make an antidote first. The watch you confiscated and the watch on my wrist is a pair. You can directly locate my current position, as long as you turn the small red button on the right side to the left twice, press once, then turn right twice, press a long, and a short, hold down... and the small blue button on the left..."
Peter went through his conversation with Kris as fully as possible, including the details of the search for Dani. After listening, Tony had an impulse to take off his helmet and rub his eyebrows.
“Too late, Tony, too late. You have limited options now. I take you as a hostage before the end of the song, or I kiss you and kidnap you in public when the lights come on after the music is over. I'm sure no one will want to save you from me after what you have done tonight."
They slept a little too long that night, so they were late for the founders voting meeting the next day. When they walked in awkwardly, saying sorry, noticed they were the first to arrive, others were late too. When everyone was there, they voted. Not surprisingly, Spiderman got five votes.
"I know, believe me, I don't want to be him either. But it is better to be him than to cause the earth to perish."
Bucky started talking again about things Steve didn't understand, but he was happy to listen. They were walking to the toy shop.
Three voices came from Mr. Leonard, asking why he stood him up. Tony adds on the memo: Reply to Mr. Leonard, explaining that the reason for the breach was "fire." 3 stars.
“If you want me to be honest, I feel like I'm just above water and there’s weights tied to my ankles dragging me down. My chest feels like it's going to exposed under the pressure and every time I go to sleep I feel like I'm suffocating.”
"It's not your fault." Tony said. Steve shifted his eyes to the floor idly tracking the tiles. He knew there wasn’t anything more he could do but still it felt wrong sitting here. “I just…” Tony cut off whatever accuses Steve had in the chamber.
"I thought the same thing when I heard it but the thing he needed was rest or else he wouldn't recover. I hope it's nothing I really do. I don't want him to suffer anymore then he already has." Steve answered solemnly as they approached the front doors, giving a slight wave at the receptionist as they exited the hospital. "I'll tell you one thing I do know. I hate this, all of it and I want whoever did this to Tony to pay for it. They haven't the slight idea who they're screwing with." Steve said quietly and colder than Bruce had anticipated this was something that was way out character for the so called liberator. He could tell he was serious. After all they were the Avengers.
They loaded up the stretcher in the back of the ambulance. Steve along with the other two paramedics climbed in and closed the doors. With a total of 3 people in the back of the small vehicle there was no room for Bruce. One of the paramedics suggesting it would have been okay if he wanted to ride up front with the driver. With no other choice other than huffing it behind them, he figured it wouldn't have been much of a big deal. He just didn't care for interaction with other people. He didn't have anything against them he's just never been much a fan of interacting with strangers in small places that's all. He took a deep shallow and opened the door, hopped into the passenger's seat. The driver had no idea just exacted who was sitting to his right. He paid little to no attention to him which relived Bruce.
The events that led to the attack on the city of Manhattan left major parts of New York in ruins. A hole had opened up in the sky and let loose an armada of aliens. Led by none other than the envious, power hungry demigod with a personality complex to boot; Loki. After stealing the tesseract from Shield's base of operations he hijacked some of the best minds their headquarters had to offer. Then he set his plan into action, with the use of Professor Erik and his knowledge of dimensional plains he was able to construct a portal in which then later was able to release the creatures later known as the Chitauri.
And there nestled within the flashing lights was the man he'd been thinking about all night. He quietly stepped in and pulled a chair to his side and settled himself in it. Leaned in closer studying Tony's face, the blue from the thing in his chest lit up his face showing just how exhausted he was. Dark circles appeared beneath his eyes and little beads of sweat were scattered across his forehead.
The blue tinge of my arc reactor slowly blinked on. Like someone hitting the switch to a light in an old abandoned building. They couldn't have been happier once it finally flicked back to life. I jerked awake at the roar of an angry green giant standing over me. I don't know where I am. Oh I remember. Alien attack. Falling from the sky. Surrounded by people dressed in costumes. I remember now. I almost died. Almost.
"Oh it's not that. It's just I guess I forgot how it felt to be treated like a person and not something that'll just level a house or fend off an entire army." Bruce admitted, swirling his water once more before taking a sip.
He pushed open the door to the room Tony had been gracious enough to let him use. He flicked on the light and leaned his shield up against the side of his nightstand. There were all sorts of things covering his bed; magazines, books, a laptop that Tony gave him to research on. Just anything he could use to learn about what he'd missed. He shoved everything to the side and threw the covers over to the side. He pulled his tank top off and tossed it in the corner of the room before flipping the switch to pitch black.
Once his patent was settled the doctor then rummaged through several drawers before pulling out a little vile and a syringe. Since he found what he was looking for he rushed over to Tony and pierced the covering of the vile and filled the needle with dull yellow liquid.
"Before we can remove that shard we need to get him out of that armor. I don't want to risk the extra resistance. It'll cause more harm than good, by that I mean unnecessary damage to his body." Steve being the one with tactical medical training from his army days knew the effect of not being properly prepared for serious injuries like this. Tony just stared blankly back at him as he barked orders.
His face seeming to tension less when met with the aid of an oxygen mask, that as well as the shot of morphine the other paramedic administered. The headache he'd been dealing with this whole time was finally melting away. He felt he could finally relax his body without fear of wincing at every slight movement.
Even if that's so, I can't stand to see Pepper cry. She's always been there for me. I can't just up and leave her alone. It would be selfish of me. Then again, I was well known for being a self centered egotistic jerk. So maybe it wouldn't be so bad, if I died?
You were disappointed after the hospital made sure she was out of danger. You had to work against time to kill Kris before she knew or I knew. So, you set up another scheme to sneak into Stark Armor base, steal the designs, and then framed Bain, lead me to Bain, hoping that Bain would haunt me so that you would have time to execute your killing plan. But what you didn't expect was that Bain would let me go.
These sensations whetted Peter's lust. As he watched himself roll out of bed, walk to Tony, embrace him from behind, bend down and kiss his neck, kiss his bare body, kiss every inch of his skin... take him by the hand of rubbing desire, put the force upon it... let him follow his gift, groan and gasp... let him release, let him sprawl in his arms, powerless and content.
"Shouldn't you be lying naked in bed, with a ribbon tied up, waiting for me to open it? And put a rose or something at the entrance where you invited me in, uh?" Tony looked at his gift up and down with eager eyes.
"Master Rogers, something has happened. Manhattan became an iceberg! Young Master Antony, you are here too. I thought you were back on campus."
It was a moonless night, black on the bay, black on the dock, black on the water, black on everything. Steve stood up. He stared into the deep black water. He could not see through the black water, and he felt the urge to look for it, so he put out one foot, just as he had done before the first dive, only this time there was no one below to catch him and pull him out of the water. But he doesn't care anymore. He can swim already, can't he? He doesn't need him.
Tony didn't notice the unnatural pause. He just took off his soggy clothes, put on the shirt Steve had handed him.
"What do you mean 'his man', which means you already knew about their relationship, so why were you so devastated when I told you?"
"Elden, I always felt his name was familiar, and his occupation... I didn't think much about it during the fight. I just noticed now..."Looking at the faraway van, Tony said confusingly.
"Hawkeye, not now, believe me, this is not a good time to provoke him." Tony shouted on the team channel. Then Tony got up, stood next to Steve.
"Maybe, let's forget all these details." Tony diverted the subject. "There should be another Quinjet in the garage."
Doctor Octopus waved at Steve with his robotic claws, and a lot of green smoke came out of his paws. Green smoke burst into the laboratory immediately, floated in front of Tony.
"I was joking. I know you're tired, dear Old Man. I am coming! Young Genius Iron Man is coming to save you!"
Steve threw the shield to disrupt Whiplash. Tony rushed out of the fast-food restaurant, drilled to the bottom of a car.
This is the time for the handover of two nearby medical staff. The night shift was tiring, the day shift was not on duty yet. At the nursing station on the third floor, the nurse dozed off.
Time passed quickly in the shop. Steve and Paige talked about many things. They rarely talk about the present or their respective families. Steve didn't like to think about his father, and he hardly ever saw his mother. Paige's parents are dead and she has only one brother. They liked to talk about the future when they grew up.
"Wow! I didn't realize we had reached the East River?!" The brown-haired boy looked around in bewilderment.
"You broke my motorbike. I can't keep up with you, I suppose." Steve stood up, walked to the window, spoke to the red flames that were fading away in the twilight.
But obviously she was probably self-defeating after I 'dumped' her, and then she married this guy. Once again, it proved to be unwise to marry a spare. They got divorced. And this guy is a total psychopath. The genetic mutation could make him even crazier. Madmen usually have to take someone with them, so... The "white wedding", he mentioned...
"Wait a minute, Iron Man. You'd better hurry." Dr. Octopus called to Tony. "Based on some of my earlier analysis, the time between the source and the anomalies is shrinking. Not necessarily a sign of the end of the world, but who knows, dying in S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't my life plan."
In fact, if the motorbike is broken or not, I can’t keep up. How can I catch up with him when he is an Iron Man? Steve talked to himself. But I can locate Tony Stark. Thinking that, from the drawer, he took the watch he had confiscated from Tony. He turned the button several times expertly to turn on the locator.
Peter got on another skateboard, slid under the Quinjet, side by side with Tony. Watching Tony skillfully handle the delicate parts inside, listening to him as he tells him every trick in it, suddenly, Peter found that mechanical engineering is also an interesting subject.
Tony could not guess how much Tasha knew. There was a trace of guilt for lying to them. Should he really confess everything to them? Like Tasha said, trust his teammates? But he dismissed the idea. Some guilt can only be borne by himself, and some things he is just guessing now.
His yell was so loud, it echoed in the cave. It worked. Spider looked at a figure in the distance, breaking through layers of defenders, moving this way. So, he waved his hand and went on shouting. When the rescuers reached the cell door, Spider froze.
Steve, Level S+ Contact: A level 5+ tornado broke out in Colorado. A large number of super criminals took the opportunity to escape. All the Avengers who can be contacted are on the way. I didn't wake you up. You’d better eat something before you rush out.
"You'd better hurry. When I rescued Spider-Man, I just blew up the cell door. Now you blew up the hole. I think this grotto can’t hold down for too long."
What about the promised secret entry? Spider-man wondered. The original plan was that Hawkeye sneaked in secretly, rescued him, the two of them went out together and left here. How did he make such a fuss? It appears that Hawkeye's claims of extensive experience as an agent are exaggerated. Also, Hawkeye is just an ordinary human with no superpowers, has a low chance of winning against these well-trained mercenaries and high-tech equipment agents of Zodiac. Think of these, Spider was a little anxious, the leisure just now was gone. He rushed to the cell door, tried to open it by brute force, then powered back up by the defense system that's installed on the door.
"That's bullshit. You know when to keep it a secret. Such threats should not be announced to the public or the media unless they are met with fire."
"He should have only come back for the money. As long as he digs out the money hidden by Mum, he will leave. Then he will go to a nearby speakeasy and not be back until morning. With any luck, he won't notice the shirts in the yard. If I'm not in front of his eyes, he won't notice me. He doesn't notice me, I won't get hit. We'll be safe...” Steve whispered to Bucky.
An hour later, Tony came out with both his arms bandaged. He refused the doctor's recommendation for observation in hospital. He's not going anywhere until Chris is out of danger. So he sat down in the corner chair next to the resuscitation room. Steve was still sitting next to him.
Under Frostbite's fierce attacks, Steve's options were limited. He wants to delay until the other Avengers return to support him.
After he ran out, two little boys emerged under the counter. One blond, one brown. The brown-haired child laughed, the blond-haired child chuckled.
"Remember that 'deep' thing we talked about before? I think I'm ready." There was a husky temptation in Tony's voice.
"Wow! Oh!" Peter's cheers drowned Tony's words. Peter was instantly transformed into Iron Spider-Man.
Tony went into That-Tony's room, opened the closet...He paused, so strange. The mansion belonged to Tony’s memories. The old things of his own time, had been moved to his dormitory at Columbia University. So, he closed the door and sat in this strange room.
Steve looked up and vaguely saw Bucky sitting across from him. He reached out a hand and placed it on Steve's chest. Steve clenched his own fist again. He stood up, pushed open the closet door, and walked out...
"Ha-ha, it's not that awesome. Just providing some consulting, data maintenance and other technical work. This is the reason why you contacted me, but I didn't reply on time. Most of the Avengers missions are secret, so I can't talk too much about them. And now that you know, you'll keep it a secret, won't you, Kris?" Tony said, squeezing Kris's hand.
"Peter, you know you're not going to make any difference, are you? You're not the original Spider-Man. You don't have any space-time energy, so there's no need to take pointless risks."
Right! Tony had a light bulb moment. I was able to breathe easily when I ran into the fire, because my armor had an oxygen supply. If I made a force field, sucked the oxygen out of the area of fire, it would extinguish the fire quickly. There's a downside to this. Of course, people in the force field temporarily lose their oxygen, but if I do it fast enough, they'll wake up in a coma at best. The more Tony thought about it, the more he thought it was a good idea. He flew over the building, started an electromagnetic vortex, covered the building in an electromagnetic field, disintegrated the oxygen in it.
"I turned off the source for a while, but not for long. If it stays away too long, that will draw the attention of the Time Keepers."
"Stay behind me and be careful not to touch anything." Steve walked in front along the kitchen counter, half bent, with Bucky following.
"Mr. Stark." A well mannered, artificial voice sounded from the corner of the room. The AI came across as a distorted mash of floating orange data that arranged itself on a large monitor hanging from the ceiling. It spoke calmly as always but for some reason this time there was a tinge of urgency in its words.
"Tony, this is gonna suck really bad. So here bite down on this." Bruce rolled a small clean towel into a neat roll and placed it between the man's teeth. Without hesitation he clenched onto it and nearly bit threw it, bracing himself for the worst part. The other lightly set his hands on his shoulders to keep him still.
Tony's eyes opened slowly although they remained unfocused, his lids desperately clinging together wanting to stay sealed. It was when he was greeted with a sharp agonizing pain did he force his eyes to see. There was this dull ache that intensified with every breath.
The shard was of significant size, about eight inches long and looked as if it was chiseled into a spear like projectile. Someone had planted it in the missile just hoping that one of them would take the bait. Which had happened, Steve didn't pay much attention to the object once he dislodged it from his friends' body. He couldn't care less where it came from as he slid the object away, more worried about Tony at the moment. He moved closer to him his hands coated heavily in blood.
He clenched his fist out of anger and twirled his prized Mjolnir taking off into the air and landing on the graveled roof. He walked over and leaded up against one of the large triangle shaped antennas considering that was the only other thing up there and watched the sky. The sunset from Earth sure was beautiful he thought, setting with hammer down next to him and bring with knees up to his chest. He was born and raised on what was considered one of the most beautiful places in the universe but there was something about the simplicity of Earth that lulled him.
Even so Thor still held some manner of respect for the man in armor, he thoroughly impressed the god. Not through his level of alcohol consumption but out get the idea. To impress Thor the god of thunder was not an easy feat, needless to say it wasn't something that happened on a regular basis. With Tony's quick thinking he even managed to take out the Chitauri mother ship. This incident however was deliberate attack, specifically to take out one of the Avengers. Tony being their prime target and them not thinking anything hazardous they took the bait.
They were furious over what happened but who wouldn't be? Their friend was in critical condition and they had no idea what was going to happen next to make it worse they still hadn't found the culprit. Whatever was to happen from here on out would be imprinted on their memories for a long time. Whether it be a huge relief or an even big tragedy, they could only pray and wait. But hopefully the one lying in the hospital bed wouldn't remember much of the incident. That would be considered one of the uplifting aspects about being intoxicated at the time.
"Oh its nothing, it's just so many things have changed all at once. It's a little overwhelming or at least for me it is. I went from helping sick families in a Third World country where no one had no idea who or what I was, to being recruited by the very people I've spent most of my days trying to avoid. Then to turn into the other guy that I've been keeping locked up for so long out of the safety for other people but this it was the exact opposite. But in the end it really didn't even matter now did it." Bruce said sulking in his seat a little bit.
Holding a bundle of sticks, Tony was walking unpleasantly.  Beside him was the golden mask girl. After eavesdropping the earlier conversation between Steve and Jane, he kind of understands her awkward position. Living in Avengers Mansion, not being trusted by chairwomen.
As the waves of desires washed away, Tony felt lazy for a while. Sleep finally caught up with him, and he fell asleep on Steve's shoulder.
"I got back to university that day, immediately called the police. They found the real Cooper in the basement of the chemical warehouse. He had been in the Spymaster's captivity for a long time. He was frightened, a little dehydrated and malnourished, but his life was not in danger. The Spymaster didn’t take his life, mainly in order to extract information from him to make his disguise more secure."
"You know, I think what you said makes sense. You don’t need to join the simulation training. You can go to create the armor you want. Maybe one day I'll wear the armor you built for me."
"Since you have confessed your family, then I will confess mine." Tony said. "I'm actually related to the late, famous Tony Stark."
"I'm sorry I was so careless. I'm just so glad. I thought you'd never show up." Embarrassed, Steve let go of his arm around Bucky.
"You, little city cheat, I've seen lots of fellows like you. Do you know how many boys who peeped at her were beaten down by me? I'm looking at you. If you dare lie to her... You'll know Yorkshire men are tough." Seth said, rubbing his hands.
There are a lot of benefits to not being on Quinjet. It's so loud, it would raise eyebrows among the rest of the mansion. It was early, they could slip back into the room, just in time to do some dirty things. Just thinking about it made Tony hot.
"It's not very convenient. I have to do a part-time job and graduate studies. And I don't know them very well. I mean, Spider-Man may be familiar with them, but Peter Parker is not. And you didn't move back, did you?"
“It's too far away. Who will listen to me? I'm still a child in their eyes. Little kid, little boy, brittle little boy and so on. You're the only friend I've got this time, Pete. "Tony said passionately.
"But according to the agreement, you must listen to me first. I was wondering when it would be the right time for us to slip away." Steve whispered in Tony's ear.
Then Steve walked calmly into the vortex. All the while, Tony watched his red, white and blue back disappear into it.
"I've heard there's a lingering charm, sleeping with a man wearing a steel face." Her whisper rang in Tony's ear.
“Love?" Tony hesitated. "Actually, Wanda, I -- I didn't want to use the word 'love' to define the relationship between me and him. It just happened, and I just let it happen. My feeling for him is not so much love, much like it is attraction that I don't understand, or the hormonal response of a creature."
"Tony Stark definitely couldn't have been in 1930, so I picked the name of someone who was already there."
Tony ran to the window. Manhattan has been frozen, human sculptures can be seen everywhere on the road.
"You fool, you still don't understand why my time machine doesn't create parallel universes? Because the core that powers it is such a substance."
Krats was sitting in a cafe across from 890 Fifth Avenue. He looked at the newly built Stark Mansion in a trance. Today there was to be an inaugural ball at the mansion. Car after car of celebrities arrived at the door. Jarvis went in and out to greet the guests. He was the father of the Jarvis he knew, and they looked very similar. The scene made Krats feel at home from a lifetime ago.
Tony explained, but the excited Peter did not hear much. In the moonlight and in the reflection of the glass, Peter saw himself, the dominant color of scarlet, the stripes of black, the dark stripes of yellow on his belly, an armored spider crawling up the glass side of the building on its eight feet. The armor was thin, fitting, light, and agile, not much heavier than his usual uniform.
Tony didn't resist this time. Instead, he put his arm around Steve's shoulder and leaned on him as he walked. They passed Dr. Octopus, who was already creaking and sparkling in the doorway of the lab, and then they passed the ninjas and Zodiac agents, who were slumped various in the cave.
"If you fight like this, I will be distracted, further reducing our fighting capacity. Last time, struggling against the Zodiac, you exposed us in an ambush."
"Vision has just contacted all the heroes who can come to New York for support. Gambit has found the struggling X-Men. Giant Man and Quicksilver have joined the Fantastic Four. They all agree to adopt your plan." Tasha said.
"Well, it's not that stupid. It's not that smart, but it's still not that stupid. Is it my turn to ask? How did you find me?"
“I'm sorry, Thor, but I'm not very good at parties like this. But I'm glad you found your power again." Steve said.
"I'm actually curious how you remembered ever being in this space, how you remembered our conversation."
But now Tony was full of Steve. The wave that he had just gone through was still in Tony's blood, eating away the throbs he had been from Kris. So, he involuntarily looked toward the door again, and did not notice the disappointment in Kris's eyes.
"I can draw you a map." He took a pencil and a little notebook out of his pocket, bent his head to draw carefully.
"What we need now is a vanguard with the same strength as Thor, and it has to be a one-shot punch, or else its density will change again and the position of weakness will change. There's another person who can do this, but... Given that we hunted him down a while ago..."
"Spymaster is a piece of cake for you. I don't need to be armed. And there really isn't much energy left in the armor. I'd like to save some for flying back. Let's not discuss these details." This is Tony's usual way of evading the question.
"My obsession..." Tony recalled the moment. The red, white and blue figure disappeared in the memory of the space-time vortex. He desperately wanted to seize the memory.
Tony tried to get his memory back. His last memory was of being held by the weirdo Doom and getting a needle in his elbow. Doom said he would lose his memory. But I don't have amnesia now. I remember every detail. It seems that Doom's mystical and vaunted brainwave coverage technology isn't quite so advanced after all. If I had been going through the original plan, I would have been in Franklin's Pocket Universe. Why is it dark? Why is there no one around me? Franklin, this kid is too unimaginative.
"Doom, this game is boring." Tony shouted into the air. "The toys you make are useless junks. If you have too much money, I suggest you donate it to charity. But a despotic tyrant like you probably wouldn't have charity numbers in your phone book."
"Tony, you understand that critical time points can't be duplicated, right? If rewriting will create more paradoxes, more instability, more cuts in this timeline, the universe will collapse at an accelerating rate."
"It's not your fault, Tasha, you stay. I didn't handle it well." Steve said. "And the charter was signed on my behalf. If an apology is to be made, I shall do it. If anyone needs to leave to fix it, it's me."
Thankfully, it's no longer the center of attention in the drawing room. Spiddy, who had been granted amnesty, immediately ran to the corner and turned off the old phonograph, in place of rhythmic electronic rock and roll. The crowd clapped and cheered.
"That's true. Not every redhead can be like MJ. She's special to you. I see." Tony went over, put his arm around Peter's shoulder.
When Tony arrived, Steve was in the middle of a fight with Electro. His shield was struck by Electro's light, and the electric current from Vibranium was directed through Steve's body, causing him to tremble.
"What else did you say? Better tell me all about them, so we can be on the same page when Kris asks about them." Tony continued to ask uncomfortably.
Tony began to open his present. As he took off Steve's shirt and kissed him on the chest, he suddenly remembered something.
"Be teased by Black Widow, again? 'Captain America plus Iron Man can't even handle a small role. Off the register immediately? '".
"I didn't ask ‘Mr. Krats’, I asked where Bucky was. Mr. Krats's adopted son, James Barnes. A boy half a head taller than me, with brown hair and the same color eyes." Steve said and gestured.
"What?! You were in danger in New York." Seth said anxiously. "I knew I shouldn't let you go to that violent city. It is said that the city is inhabited by the most dangerous thugs in the world, called ‘Avengers’."
Tony patted Peter on the shoulder and hurried away. Peter looked thoughtfully at Tony as he left: Peter and Tony, Spider-Man and Iron Man, at least I can be part of both of his two lives.
At her brother's urging, Paige got into the truck. As it started, she watched through the window as the words "Krats Magic Toy" grew smaller and smaller until they disappeared.
"SHHH... Believe me, I've solved it. Forget it. I'm tired. If you keep going in captain mode, I am going to keep kissing you. Or do you want me to keep kissing you?"
"Ironman, you are always the same, just play verbally. Breaking in here alone, aren't you afraid I'll kill you? I think it would be easy to kill you now."
"Well, actually, I want to see what happens next, but it won't be funny when the police clear the crowd and find out about us. Let's get out of here. But where is this, anyway?"
You don't have to despair. There are other ways. When Hank gets back, we should discuss it with him. He is an expert in the field of cell biology. And we have a Young Genius, don’t we? Nothing is can’t be solved."
Tony didn't resist. He leaned on Steve's chest, felt his kiss fall into his hair. And then Tony really has to dwell on all the shits he's sworn to throw out of this bed.
The knight turned, slowly took off his helmet. Steve was about to see his face under the helmet, but then Steve's dream woke up.
The golden-mask girl sat alone in a corner. Joining the Avengers for months, she still hasn't found a place to belong. Hellcat sat next to her with a plate of cookies.
"This is wilderness survival training. You can't bring any technology." Steve made an announcement before his departure.
"Well, let me help you remember, old... Man..." Tony calmed his voice, raised his eyebrows, and slowly lengthened the title.
"So, you two are fighting like nobody is watching, again? Guys, we're locked up right now. As far as I know, it's a secret operation." Spiddy interposed.
"The Great Depression is over, but bigger troubles may be ahead of us, so we need to be ready before then. I think this kind of social interaction would be of great benefit to you and to Carbonell Industries, and that is one of the important reasons why I was suggesting that you move your headquarters to New York City."
"That's stupid of you. Do you think my time machine is a normal time machine?" Doom listened to Tony's long speech and raised his voice. "The Avengers flew back in my time machine to the exact point in time from which they started, without creating any parallel universes. That's why your very existence created a paradox, and when I sent my men to 'kill' Iron Man, I've already implied that you should go back. You couldn't see the logic and effect."
Tony didn't look closely at the attic situation. He dropped Kris and flew back. By the time he returned, the main structure of the burning building had started to collapse, some people were still trapped in the fire, and fire trucks were still on the way.
The brown-haired boy said a bunch of things he didn't quite understand. He looked at him with a smile and couldn't get a word in edgewise.
"Is that so? Or you don't want me to see your face under your helmet. Relax, I'm actually a very secretive person. Believe me, your secret will be safe with me."
The last message came from Zimmer at 4:32 a.m. this morning. Zimmer... Tony searched his memory for this man. Remembered! At the announcement of That-Tony's will, there seemed to be a white-haired uncle with that name. He was the top security officer at Stark Enterprises, one of the people who knew Tony's true identity. Tony played the message:
"But I'm not him!" Tony said defiantly. “How about this? Let's make a bet. Tech VS. Fist. I'll wear armor and you use your old shield and fist. If you win, I'm going to take these courses. If I win, you cancel them.
Steve's shield flew off at once. But it went blank, hit the wall, bounced back. Spymaster has vanished without a trace.
"Since it's your birthday, I can do whatever you want, until you're satisfied, okay? If you want ribbons and roses, I'll get ribbons and roses."
"Although I repaired my armor, it was difficult to find people in such a large area without a navigation system. And the biometric system cannot be used in the case of severe interference. I think the best thing we can do tomorrow is find the source of the disturbance first. I made a detector. I'm sure this is not a natural phenomenon. If we don't catch the one behind it, there will be more aircraft distress in this area."
Bain became one of the biggest contractors on government arms-making contracts after Stark Enterprises withdrew from the industry. But they are also suspected of having links to the world's underground sale of high-tech weapons. At the same time, they sell weapons to the government and terrorist organizations, and then provoke local armed conflicts. They are good at making profits in both ways. But Bain has always been very careful. So far, the anti-transnational criminal organizations, S.H.I.E.L.D and spy agencies have not caught Bain. And if Stark's armor design fell into their hands, the consequences would be disastrous. The copy must be destroyed as soon as possible. But it's not a good idea to sneak into the high-security Bain Tower alone, so Tony called for backup this time.
“And now I don't need to do it. You're thinking of me all the time. Arguing only wastes our time doing other things."
Spiddy is here. Looks like Steve has help. Tony felt a great deal of relief at once, so he took his time. He is in no hurry to make a move. He wanted to hold off Libra for more information. What Tony had asked Libran before was actually a question in his own mind. Why were the remnants of the Zodiac so frequently creating such meaningless chaos around the globe? Although they are criminals, criminals are also logical. What is happening currently does not conform to the usual practice of Zodiac.
"Ms. Bain, the armor base of Stark Enterprises broke into thieves yesterday, confidential documents were lost, the head of security was killed. Now the missing documents are in your drawer."
"I've just told you a secret, a secret of my true identity." With that, Spider-man took off his mask.
"I'm Tony Stark. As a member of the Avengers, although in the reserve team, you are too unprofessional. Your news is too late.”
"And... It is... About 30 minutes ago, Tony was standing in the middle of this room, banging fork, yelling for everyone to look at him, and then... Then..." Steve laughed aloud. "He... He kissed me hard for about 30 seconds."
"More than that, my monitoring shows that every time you get close to him, your body temperature drops to a low point and climbs slightly apart from him, but it's still lower. My body temperature doesn't seem to be affected much. More and more people were freezing around us, though they were not close to him. I need to run a contact test on him. You get his attention. I'll shave off some of his skin and analyze."
“Well, I'll go back to Tony's room and sleep well, if you want to keep your room clean." Tony made a show of leaving Steve's arms.
Because of Peter's words, the following Christmas and New Year were a bit of trouble for Tony. Tony hesitated to invite Kris to the Avenger Mansion for the holiday or accompany her back to England. After much hesitation, Tony chose the latter. Though the choice took him away from the lab for a few days.
"I'm back." Tony came in, closed the door behind him, naturally went to the other side of the bed where he had slept in the morning.
Oh, I failed again! Angrily, Tony pushed the chart on the table and threw the eraser at the blackboard, which was filled with a pile of formulas. Why does it fail again and again? What went wrong? Reluctantly, he pulled the swivel chair up to the main frame and continued typing.
"But not more than my dignity. That's why I am going to give it to you. That's why I've been waiting for you to come to me. But you, heroes are as slow as ever."
"Avenger business, thank you for your cooperation. I need to use your computer." In fact, everyone in the restaurant had already hidden under the table, no one stopped him using anything.
They didn't talk for the rest of the night, just left Tony's small moans and Steve's gasps. Finally, Tony slept in Steve's arms. As the moon shone through the window, penetrated the darkness of the room, Tony looked defenseless with the childlike look still on his sleeping face. Steve, his mind a little up and down, couldn't sleep. He couldn't help but kiss Tony on the cheek. The movement evidently disturbed Tony's sleep, so that, for a moment, he deliriously turned on his side to the other side of the window. Steve rolled over, hugged him from behind, buried his head in his neck. His hair smelled of his old shampoo. He had actually been living in his room for a long time.
Where did I put Kris just now... There seems to be something else in that attic... Tony called up the video in the armor...
"He broke into the school and destroyed many parts of the teaching equipment. We simply don't have enough money to rebuild it. The surrounding children will have to go to another school 10 kilometers away."
Even though it was three o 'clock in the morning, Tony was still wide awake. He got up, got out of bed, put on a coat, and slipped through the living room to the communal bathroom. Kris was still asleep when he came back from his bath. Tony turned on his wristwatch, put on his headphones, and listened to his voicemail message. He was not in a hurry now. He was even a little bored, so he listened to every unanswered message. Investors messages, Jarvis’s message, Jane's message, Wanda's message, Brennan's message, tennis coach, climbing center, high-tech exhibition, flower shop, the hotel, travel center, car salesman, estate salesman, encyclopedia salesman... After listening once, Tony listened a second time to make sure he hadn't missed a single message. Tony felt a little lonely in his heart. He manually adjusted the system, adding Kris to the S-level contact list. He turned on the strong light on his wristwatch, lit up Kris's desk, rummaged through the guest book, and then wrote a note with a pen.
"So do I. Rush's fraternity at Columbia won't give us any more trouble. We're all on high alert this time of year because their fraternity's induction ceremony is a theft of Picasso paintings from the museum. These troublemakers! Since we updated the alarm system, no one has managed to break into the museum in almost 20 years. All the alarm devices failed today, and we almost let them succeed.
The irony of this is that I never knew that my future self was such a big pot. Of course, I always knew that I was going to be big, but I didn't know that I was going to be big enough to make a difference to the survival of the planet and the universe.
"You'll be disappointed if you just want to throw snowballs at Beast on Christmas. Dr. McCoy isn't in New York every Christmas." Steve said with a raised eyebrow and a smile as he rolled over and crushed Tony under him.
"Maybe... That's the first time anyone's ever said those to me. I always thought grown-ups were always right."
"If this is the case, why do you want to poke this hornet's nest?! Do you realize this is going to cause panic among the people?"
"Steve, you're not like them, you have a gift, it's a gift from God, don't waste it. I know you'll be great in the future. I know you will." Said Mrs. Rogers, touching Steve's face.
On the screen, a humanoid creature with a shield is approaching the Iron Man from a 42.5-degree Angle at a speed of 0.5 meters per second. He wasn't moving fast enough and obviously tentatively. Tony decided to take a gamble.
"The knife flew into my face, you didn't move. I really thought you were too old, too slow to come. My long speech was almost lost."
The rain was falling harder and harder. Tony stood alone at the grave of this one-time hero. Tony turned to leave That-Tony's grave. In the distance, a blond man was approaching. These days Tony deliberately avoids That-Tony's old teammates, the Avengers. But it seemed a bit too deliberate to run away this time, so he stopped.
"You don't really have to clarify anything, and I didn't have a clear definition of our relations, just like he didn't at that time. After all, I'm his past form."
"You know what? You're not alone. Captain America is always there. He's in your heart. He guards every child, accompanying them out of darkness, out of fear, out of the closet."
"I won't do it. How could I ruin the surprise of your surprise visit? What is the purpose of your visit today? I don't think it's just to help me check the robustness of the security system."
me. Your friends all worried about you. I'm worried about you. I haven't thanked you for last time. Maybe we can go out together when you are free. As a thank you, let me buy you a drink or a dinner.
"I want to kiss you all the time, but let's get back to work. Let me see how many super criminals we still need to catch." Tony shrugged when he saw the figures. "Wow, Surprises! It looks like we'll all be busy till tomorrow dawn."
Steve's breathing became even and he fell asleep. Krats placed his arm gently back under the cover on his chest, rolled out of bed, and tucked him in the quilt.
"I was a little late adjusting the equipment, too late to get out of there, but fortunately there is another way in the cave, leading me to the other side of the cliff."
"Cyclops! Assemble the power of X-Men. Create a mind-power container similar to Onslaught’s previous shield. Don't let the turbulence energy leak out." Cried Tony.
"Pete, you're smart enough not to be an errand boy for the Daily Bugle. You can be my partner in the future. We could start a company together."
"I lied." Tony lowered his eyes again to avoid Steve's gaze. "I didn't belong here, we shouldn't have met in this era, you shouldn't have met me at this age, at 19. It was a mistake from the beginning, and I have to make it right."
"No, my armor equipped with an automatic drying system." Tony said as he gently pulled down Steve's mask. Steve's blond hair was instantly drenched. "And you, you won't catch cold."
Jarvis was busy in the kitchen; Crystal was helping him; Vision and Dr. Pym were still in the lab; the rest of the Avengers were basically around Beast. Hank McCoy's return had heated up the atmosphere. He's always funny and wacky. Luna held him up like a giant stuffed animal, tugging at his fur. Beast cried out in pain, making everyone laugh.
"I don't want to calm down. At this time, you told me to calm down?! Who wasn't calm at first? You may think everyone has a switch, just like you, to quickly switch between cool and not cool."
Having settled the matter, a great weight was lifted off Tony's mind, although his life was still busy. Steve didn't urge Tony to take any training sessions after coming back from the island, so Tony didn't see him very often. Although they are both on the Avengers roster, they rarely go on missions together. Captain America is clearly a busy career, with S.H.I.E.L.D. 's work, dealing with enemies who come to visit.
"Then I shall disappoint you. I had chosen the best course of action available to me under those circumstances. I'm sorry it didn't meet your expectations."
The door of the castle stood wide open, and Tony walked all the way without meeting any guards. But he was fully aware that the place was full of pitfalls. Although it looked like a medieval castle, it was actually filled with modern and futuristic technology. Although most people would call this "mystical magic," Tony didn't believe in magic, and he saw these as the technology of the future. Tony also knew that the owner of the castle, Dr. Doom, was watching his every move. Tony was not going to hide his whereabouts. He knew that with Doom's technology, any attempt to hide himself would be in vain, so he just walked in. He tried to detect Doom's position in the castle, but all of his probing devices failed.
Tony picked Peter up and flew. On the way, he called up the train schedule and route map. A passenger train was less than a kilometer from where the mudslide buried the track. Tony immediately hacked into the transit system's communications.
Clint made sure this was the third time Spider-Man had talked about a neighbor’s cat he rescued from a tree, or if it wasn't the same cat.
"I'm sorry, Bucky, I was so scared. I'm not as brave as you are. I can't beat him. I can't beat anybody. I... Will you despise me for being only a coward?"
Five hours later, a Quinjet glided over Washington, cut low, circled several times over the square in front of the Lincoln Memorial, then flew away.
"I said at 4:30 a.m.is a little late, isn't it? It's near daylight. If something unexpected happens, it will drag on at dawn. And after the burglary, he/she hurried to Bain to frame them. If the frame had been set up to provoke a dispute between Stark and Bain, he/she could have done it at a convenient time later, rather than at the risk of doing it so soon. He/she is a master, an old hand, so that doesn't make sense, does it?"
"Lay down your arms, it's not too late to surrender. I will state your surrender to the authorities."
"Busy saving the world, I knew. I also confess, actually, I don't like baseball. I really don't know when he got into baseball. At least, not at my age or before."
Five minutes later, the six or seven little boys who had surrounded him had been knocked to the ground. The brown-hair boy came up to him and held out a hand.
“Trust me, Elise, I will bring Dani to you. Why don't you follow Kris first?" Said Peter, stroking Elise's head.
"Not bad, Thor, for the first time I understand what you mean. Let me explain to you the laughing point here, actually..."
"It doesn't matter. You're just doing your job. We came here today as a secret, and met the assailants on the way. It was inconvenient to identify ourselves." Steve patted the policeman on the shoulder and smiled.
Steve laughed. He tried to get the film out of his head, but the details kept playing back, which made him laugh harder. He laughed at himself:
"I think you got me wrong. New York City falls into a dark dimension, and the Grand Canyon's magnetic chaos is not made by the Zodiac." Said Libra.
"Mine freond, thou habbe sum to sorh, mieht specan mid me. I beon georn to dale thy sorge, ablinnan it mid thee.(My friend, you have something to worry about, might as well speak with me. I am willing to share your worries, solve problems with you.)"
Steve nodded. Then his hand was led up. He grasped the hand that was holding him. He looked sideways at the man, letting him lead him out of the endless darkness.
"That's a problem... Well, let me think about it. In fact, the creation of amnesia is not so advanced, the brain is just an advanced machine. Since my armor can record data, only my brain can't, that means the data source in this area hasn't been tampered... The mechanism by which this area erases memories may simply be preventing the brain from converting short-term memories into long-term ones. It's supposed to interfere with this function of the brain by emitting certain frequencies. Since this is an area under the control of the Forever Crystal system, this interference frequency should also be cast by the system. If my theory is correct, all you have to do is eliminate this source of interference from the system.
What the hell? I want to say a tearful goodbye to him, like all the couples in Central Park right now, even if we aren’t even a couple...
“Well, well, shall we go?" In order to stop him from getting more captain-education, Tony quickly picked up Steve.
"Is it? I was really afraid of losing. Why don't we make our game a little harder? There are various simulation training robots. We activate them during the fight. They will randomly attack the two of us. While we are fighting each other, we have to deal with their attacks."
Tony held on to Doom's wrist to keep him from running away. He was very suspicious of Doom's purpose, but he had no better choice at the moment.
Clint tried to adjust the stick, but still couldn't pull it up. The Quinjet lurched precariously toward the Canyon wall.
The earth is not exterminated today, so Tony has to hand in his paper. After spending too much time in the lab, he almost got lost at Columbia University again, but Kris showed up just in time to save him. She went over to Tony, held him in her hand.
"Ha-ha, you're still a kid." Clint turned his head to see Spider-Man wearing his big size clothes. It was a bit funny to be himself.
"Well, if it bothers you, you can tell me." Steve stopped, propped up his pillow against the bed, pulled Tony into his arms.
Flip-flop, Flip-flop, long, drawling footsteps. The footsteps came nearer and nearer. He was coming... He was coming his way...
"I quit! Are you all satisfied now?" Tony fired up his jet boots and flew straight through the open window.
"I suggest trust the Avengers, trust us. We can finally solve this global crisis like every threat this planet has faced before."
Tony was crouching on the roof, his armor tucked into his backpack. He was just Tony Stark again, 19-year-old Tony Stark.
That should be the only intersection in our lives. It will be the topic of conversation at the dinner table and in front of the fire for many days. Their frail old great-grandfather could finally tell them a story not about World War II, about how he was once saved by Iron Man...
"They will only distract us from our work, from the challenges we have to deal with, to the higher priority threats, make us struggle with all kinds of doubts."
The combo attack worked, Frostbite stumbling and falling. Steve jumped down and hit him hard. But Frostbite slowly stood up and hailed them again.
"He may not get what he wants when he goes to the future. Don't forget, I am a 'future man’ trapped in the future. I don’t have a familiar person in this era, except Jarvis."
"I can't stand you, artist guy. Don't you have any other hobbies than painting? Now... Well, I don't think you'll like the idea. You definitely do not like the idea, but there's no way..."
"My family has moved nearby, and you will probably see me every day. Not exactly every day, but often..."
"Sorry, please mail the bill for the damaged items to Maria Foundation." He directly hit open the computer, took out the circuit board inside.
"I guess I've learned my lesson... And the most important question is, when I go back in my time, will I still be 20 years old? I don't want to go back and look like a Beard-Uncle."
Tony couldn't bear to see any pretty girl sad, especially this one he had his heart set on, so he took Kris by the hand and said, "No matter how busy I am, I'll make time for you. I was actually going to invite you to David Wojnarowicz’s art exhibition, but then you went to the hospital, and then I had some family emergencies, so if you're free this weekend..."
"You're not the chairman of the Avengers right now, remember? And it’s just the two of us, sort of a private accident."
"Yes... It has already crossed the border. Why does that faint rumbling sound still come?" Said Tony, confused.
Kris DeGann, Level A Contact: Tony, you haven't been to campus in a long time. Your friends are all worried about you. I'm worried about you. I haven't thanked you for the last time. Maybe we can go out together when you are free. As a thank you, let me buy you a drink or dinner.
"Not everyone has the talent to make money. You must have. At least Hawkeye confirms that That-Tony's most useful asset is the Avengers' moneybag."
"But if that man is meant to be a bad seed, it's not just Cap's business. Avengers' survival is at stake."
"I was going to say you ought to get a good sleep. You thought of it yourself. But hearing about it is also good for nerves." Steve teased Tony.
"Guys, don't make this look like a separation, okay?" Hawkeye interposed. "Stark's one of those bad nature, a drama queen. It's not like we've just met him. Of course, this version of him we just met, but that's pretty much of them. I bet he'll be back in a few days. And Sikorski won't be any more difficult to deal with than Gyrich. Isn't Cap allowed to walk right through the door of the Big Gun?"
"You don't need any fringe benefits. I'll do what you want, as long as you don't turn it into a water-bed."
"Wait for me to finish. As I said, I only believe the evidence, you did prove that Zodiac was suppressing the magnetic field disorder in this area. Whatever mistakes you've made before, what you're doing now is a good thing, the right thing, so you've proved that you deserve a second chance. So, go!"
Tony pulled a thin probe from his wrist watch, pushed a few buttons on the electronic lock, and the lock opened.
Just as Hawkeye said, Iron Man flew out the other side of the cliff, landed firmly on the ground. Steve was surprised, stood up and hugged him.
"Ah!" Bain put her hands around the Iron Man's neck, and then she threw her head back, revealing the curve of her neck and the curves of her full breasts. She laughed. "Ha-ha, I don't need to tell you the way to my room door."
Then Tony told Peter what happened in the Grand Canyon cave, and how he came to the future and was hunted down. Peter was listening.
Paige shed tears. She turned her back and left the toy shop. Steve stared blankly at the closed door.
"You stubborn old idiot." Tony gave the old idiot a kiss and went back to unwrapping his present. As he unbuckled Steve's belt, he remembered something again.
They slid along the wall to the bedroom door. Steve opened the door a tiny crack and cocked his head to Bucky to come in. Bucky knowingly went in, and Steve followed. Then Steve closed the door. He pulled Bucky into a closet and closed the door. The whole thing was quiet.
The policeman came forward, twisted their arms and handcuffed them. Tony had just been hit in the shoulder; The action was painful.
"This is the Grand Canyon thousands of kilometers away. We don't even know where we crashed. We'd better wait for them to come."
"If you'll do me this little favor, I'll think about it." Tony lowered his eyes and glanced through his helmet at Bain's bulged breasts. The slim coat squeezed out her cleavage. Tony felt his mouth dry again. Bain is a dangerous and attractive woman.
He pushed the door open gently, and went into the ward. Placing the bouquet on the table, he looked at the bed. The woman in the bed was lying curled up on her side, her face half covered by a quilt, apparently asleep.
"I have taken your advice and moved the headquarters of Carbonell Industries to New York City, then took my wife and daughter to our house in Southampton. It's been a busy time, but we have settled down now. Thanks to you, the Cabonells survived the Depression."
"Benji, you call 911, I'll go downstairs and evacuate the crowd!" Tony said. Then he quickly looked for the fire escape passage on the second floor. He pushed hard on it, but the door was stuck. So, he rushed to the bathroom next door, tried to open the bathroom window, which also got stuck. He looked out, saw that the door of the fire escape was soldered, no wonder it couldn't be opened from the inside. The window was about two to three meters away from the railing of the fire escape. Jump over it! Too late to think of another plan, Tony decided to take a gamble. He punched the window out of the larger space, tried to squeeze in. The jagged edges of the unfinished glass scratched his bare arm, and blood ran down. He doesn't care much now. He squeezed out, dug his fingers into the brick wall, stood with his feet to the side on the narrow window sill. With hard legs, he jumped in the fire escape.
Steve shield up blocked the icicles of attacks. He glanced at the second-floor balcony of a shop. He threw the shield to Frostbite, disrupted his sight, then jumped on to the balcony from the trash can. He leaped, caught the shield that slid back in an arc. With his shield in front, he attacked Frostbite's neck.
"Such an honor to meet you, Mrs. Carbonell." Krats bent over and kissed Mrs. Carbonell's hand in the long black silk glove.
The man with the flowers stretched out a hand, wrote on the visitor's register: Rand Flowers and Gifts Shop.
"Hide so quickly. Don't you want to play hard? I am a force of nature, my source is endless, you are a mortal, see how long you can hide?"
"But then again, there is a system that I can't hack into remotely. If the system is a highly encrypted internal local area network, I have to operate locally, or I won't call you for support."
"But you haven't cut out other pleasures, have you?" Bain set the champagne and glasses down on the mainframe table and grabbed the Iron Man's neck from behind. Her delicate folded arms appeared in front of Tony's eyes.
Tony's next words were interrupted by a bat. Tony was flexible, flashed across, directly holding the attacker's wrist, his thumb pressed the weakness on it. The attacker rictus, his bat has dropped on the ground. Then Tony made a beautiful over-the-shoulder fall, throwing him to the ground on his back while kicking the bat under his feet.
One from the florist, reconfirm the type, time and place of the flowers for the weekend. Tony added on the memo: Call the florist, let them send the flowers to Room 320 at Maria Hospital, priority 3.
"You know, I had limited money and limited materials, and adding flight would have made it too heavy, so I just..." Said Tony.
Everyone looked into the middle of the drawing room. Peter was horrified to suddenly be the center of attention.
"Come on, let me introduce for you. This is Coop, and this is Friedman, and our brother Boyle. We'll be one family."
"Are you free again? That's good news. As a single woman, I always have a lot of trouble going out and out of social situations. I've never found the right man to be my bodyguard, so you should consider this job." Bain leaned close to the Iron Man and put her hands around his neck.
Not many terminals nearby can provide support. Tony rushed into a fast-food restaurant, held up the Avengers ID card, and shook it.
