It was a world away from the sleepy town of his childhood where boredom meant sitting round at a friends’ house drinking cheap two litre bottles of cider and playing x-box all day, not twocking cars, taking drugs, and getting underage girls pregnant. What the hell must Sherlock think about all this?
(I'm posting this a day later than planned because I've been trapped in Christmas shopping hell - Bah Humbug!)
“I was attempting subtlety and consideration for the feelings of others John, thank you for your helpful contribution” (too sarcastic?) John looked crestfallen
The police had arrived, blue lights flashing in the darkness like a parody of the disco lights in the ballroom, the suited officers nodding to Greg as they made their way down to the room. Mycroft rolled his eyes and Greg nodded in silent comprehension, peeling off and leaving John standing as he jogged over to speak with him. They conferred, Mycroft leaning in to speak directly into Greg’s ear, Greg stroked his arm, gentle and soothing and with a soft smile pressed a kiss to his lips. They stepped apart, Mycroft climbed up into the back of the ambulance, the doors closed and it pulled away.
Angela hovered uncertainly. How exactly did you report something like this, they knew where he was, so would it be classed as a missing person? She opted for something bland and neutral.
“We must take more care”, I said, trying my best to sound stern, scowling as I brushed at the greyish smears that my fall had caused, and had spoilt my last pair of clean stockings, “Though Mrs Davis will be thrilled at the extra money she can squeeze from us for our laundry bill”.
Sherlock wandered through the building, fingers trailing over wood and brass and stone, feeling the age and history of the building, hearing all the stories whispering along the isles and soaking into the darkly polished pews.
He left at noon, and just as before I vented my displeasure to hide my true feelings in a shameful display of childish petulance, for I was afraid that they would guess at his part in my flight and cause him harm, with no-one there to bear witness. Truly, I do not know how he found the patience to deal with my volatile temperament that had vexed so many before. That, I can only attribute to his own sweet nature and plain common sense in the face of my emotional excess. I had surely for that, found the other half to my whole.
“Both ‘dancers’, treated for cuts and abrasions on Tuesday night after an altercation at the club, Kate was x-rayed for a possible broken ankle, just a sprain though, CCTV footage poor quality, unable to make a positive i.d. from police records, nothing to link the two men to the club, hadn’t been seen there before apparently, the fight occurred in a ‘private’ area, so few witnesses, police inclined to drop any further investigation…. what do you think?”
“Yes” Sherlock popped out, flinging the covers back, “a Coke and a Twix, oh and some Quaver’s if they’ve got any, cheese flavour”
Hmm, the ball was being held in The Regent Hotel, plenty of spare rooms and hidden places they could have sex in.
John sincerely wished he was half as confident as he sounded. But maybe it would do him good to feel something, that thrill of excitement in the pit of your gut, instead of the blank hollow nothingness of the past few months. In limbo waiting for his world to end, and now it had, and he was here, and the least he could do was to prove to himself he was still alive, to be John Watson again.
“Isn’t it? So it isn’t playing games to sext me when you know damn well I’m out with my boyfriend? ….He saw them you stupid fucking twat, and now he’s gone!”
“Yeah, I know you do….so do as you’re fucking told and move…and look, I even made you a tea…” he heard the clink of a mug on the bedside table behind his head , “so shit, shower and shave mate… we’re leaving in half an hour” Mike slapped him hard across the backside eliciting a yelp of surprise before slamming the door as he left John’s room.
The soft brush of lips felt like heaven as John closed the remaining gap and pressed his body flush against him too. Sherlock gasped, fucking hell, he could feel every inch of what was hidden inside those red pants.
“It would just upset me so much to see an intelligent young man like you fall in with the wrong crowd, especially seeing how that lovely boy down there adores you so much. Do the right thing dear. Don’t spoil things for yourself….or him”, she patted his arm affectionately.
“Was she hurt….tell me please”, he pleaded, with a note of desperation, because the thought of any harm befalling Mrs Hudson would hurt just as much in any universe.
“Yes” said Sherlock. Because he already knew that, the day on which John Watson had entered the world. It was circled on his metaphorical calender in the brightest of scarlets. With stars and hearts. Fuck, he was pathetic.
Interesting, John thought, someone was playing games, and it wasn’t exactly difficult to work out which one.
Mycroft walked into the room, although waddled might be more appropriate Sherlock thought as he stifled a laugh, taking in his brother’s corpulent frame with an air of undisguised glee. Mycroft had always fought against his more generous bodily proportions, but it seemed that in this reality, that battle had been well and truly lost.
Sherlock crowded him up against the wall of the staircase which led back up to the dorm. His hair was damp with sweat and rain, and his pale skin appeared luminous, lit by thin strips of moonlight which shone down through the tiny windows. He was so close John could feel every puff of breath on the side of his face and neck. It was an effort of will not to lean forward and close the gap between them, to reach up and touch his face, or tangle his fingers in that hair.
“Pleased to meet you, I’m John” the boy smiled and then laughed, soft and melodious. It made his eyes sparkle and gave him cute little dimples in each of his cheeks.
“You are such a fucking slut”, Victor sniggered, “Mr Davies is gonna have a heart attack when he see’s that”.
“You asked what we should do”, I said, stretching out a little with a languid flex of my hips, “and here I give my answer, you have lavished me with such attentions that I only wish to give back pleasure in my turn”.
Sherlock and John find new lodgings, John reveals a secret and Sherlock learns it may not be so easy to shake off his past.
Before he could formulate a coherent answer, process the hidden implication, Mycroft swept out of the room and marched back into his study, interview over.
“I’m not sure about Kate yet, but Elsa – she has a child, slight softness around the midriff which has nothing to do with weight gain and everything to do with childbirth, plus there were several pictures of babies around the flat, the same baby actually, and a folded buggy in the hall, don’t you notice anything John, and I’ll guarantee that Marcus Hunt is not the father, that honour I believe, goes to Frank Hudson”
“Don’t you fucking dare” Mycroft winced at the desperation and want in his voice. Greg grinned evilly, always amused at his ability to drive the straight laced Mycroft Holmes to the use of such base language.
‘You jest’, I said, in a voice I barely recognised, rough and strained, pinned by the gentle brush of a single digit. And then it was gone, and the breath rushed out of me again.
“Call her, she won’t answer and neither will he…if you leave right now you might catch them at it, she’s counting on you not getting home till around two”.
John slipped beneath the surface to clean the mud from his hair, and to think about the pretty noises Sherlock had made just for him.
“Hello Sherlock”, he said, with a falsely bright, rictus grin, knuckles turning white where they gripped the handles of the buggy.
“Who did you dream about this time?”, she asks, “No, don’t tell me…let me guess” she flips over onto her belly and furrows her brow in concentration.
“….Greg….oh…” his voice cracked with emotion, heat prickling at the corners of his eyes, the great Mycroft Holmes on his knees, undone as Greg sank in deep, only to pull back and thrust swiftly forward setting a brutal pace. Oh how he loved it hard and fast, hot and dirty, it made him feel alive, a temporary reprieve from the chaos inside his head, as he was pounded ruthlessly across the bed, Greg knowing instinctively how much he could take. His cock and balls swung heavy and aching between his spread legs and the air was forced from his lungs with every thrust.
“Please”, he interrupted, “Know that I mean it with all my heart. You are my family, the only one I will ever want or need, and though the world may not recognise or tolerate our love I wish to share this with you”. He voice began to falter then, and he bent down to one knee before me. My eyes grew hot and stinging and my throat grew tight, and I feared that speech would elude me. He bent and pressed a kiss, soft and warm upon the back of my hand.
A carriage turned into the street, the lamp at the front unlit. John ran at pace, raised his arm for it to draw to a halt, and he wrenched at the door, and bundled me inside before him where we both collapsed onto the padded green velvet cushions. I lay at a stretch across one side, taking heaving breaths of fuggy, smoky, tobacco scented air. John pressed his head back face raised up to the ceiling, his legs were splayed wide and his back had slouched low, arms resting atop his thighs. He sighed and closed his eyes, breath still heaving from our exertions.
“That’s my fucking house…what the hell…Mary!...MARY” he shouted up at the bedroom window, the bitch was probably watching him and laughing her arse off.
However, I welcomed their attentions, the petting and cajoling like twittering birds designed to show the fair side only, the gaudy finery and gaiety of a brightly painted illusion which masked the unseemly nature of their daily lives. But despite my recognition of the façade, it was also truth that the girls were happy, well-fed and clothed with a life infinitely better than that of the common street whore.
“You promised me… this…remember” he whispered into John’s ear, tickling the downy hairs on the side of his neck.
“Close… so close..” Greg panted above him, reaching around his body to finally take him in hand, gripping his prick in a hot, slick fist, making an orifice for Mycroft to fuck into, chasing down their climax together. He came with a shuddering moan, cock pulsing again and again, wringing every last drop from his shivering body, feeling Greg’s warm, wet release trickling down his thighs, collapsing down together, sucking air into aching lungs in long greedy gulps.
If that was what it would turn out to be, for now I had the most serious misgivings. I could feel my legs wobble as we climbed up to the floor above, shoes clattering upon the bare wooden treads and Tom, mindful of every change in my bearing set a warm firm hand at the small of my back to urge me onward.
The tip of a tongue slipped out and licked a stripe up the side of his cheek. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tightly and pressed his lips together, shaking his head in wordless protest. What a fucking idiot to let himself be cornered like this. He hadn’t thought Trent was dangerous, but he had been horribly, stupidly wrong. His life wouldn’t be worth living if Mycroft caught him getting high again. He was out of options, Trent right in his face.
Billy winked conspiratorially and reached into the pocket of his second hand German army parka, drawing out a slide-top plastic bag. A small stoppered bottle filled with cloudy liquid and a sterile package containing a syringe a swab and a sticking plaster were clearly visible within. Just the sight of it made his heart rate speed up. Sherlock imagined if he pulled up his t-shirt you would see it, pounding madly in and out of his chest. It was a different feeling to when he was in bed with John, or something as simple as standing near him.
‘You are most perceptive sir’ I said with barely concealed sarcasm as John steered me away and settled us at a secluded table by the fire. The warmth was welcome and the beer uncommonly good.
“Whatever you are thinking of doing dear brother, don’t bother. I will see you outside in five minutes”
“I would like to introduce to you all, Mr Sherlock Holmes, who has joined us from the illustrious halls of Beauxbatons”
The ride back was tense and a little sad, even though father had offered his help John was still leaving, and he didn’t know if he would even see him again. The driver looked a little anxious when John told him the address, the neighbourhood they were heading towards was rough and it would be a risk to take such a fine carriage there. But father scoffed at his concerns and told him to carry on regardless, he would not dump John in the middle of London, and it was imperative that they take him right to his door.
I spare no thought for the sensibilities of others, delicate as they may be – or not, whilst yet in the flower of youth and enjoying the leisure afforded by affluence I look back upon the events of my past with an understanding unusual to those of my unhappy profession, having observed much of the character and manners of our society than is commonly undertaken. I hasten to proceed to the meat of the matter, despising all unnecessary preface, to lay myself bare before you, a life written with the same loose liberty as I led it, ungarnished, stripped bare.
Every time Sherlock thought about him the patch of skin on his neck tingled and goose-bumps covered his arms. But John hadn’t mentioned it since, was probably embarrassed because they had both enjoyed it so much. Sherlock had scuttled out of the bedroom door with a flushed face and his jacket draped over one arm, which conveniently covered his body from the waist down.
Get it together John for fuck’s sake. He only gave himself a second, just to catch his breath enough to move again, he needed light, the room still steeped in darkness, should check him over properly and shit, yeah, call a fucking Ambulance. So he rose, snapping on the light, and scrambled up the bed to reach his phone on the table at its side, pressed 999 with a shaking thumb.
“You’re here, because you don’t want to be found, you could be traced too easily in official student accommodation…. no financial support? A family dispute I would guess, you’ve been cut off, you are obviously privately educated so money was never an issue until now, so they don’t approve of ….not your job, that came later, a relationship then…a girl…you have a female lover and your family doesn’t approve”
Victor shifted uncomfortably in his seat now, unwilling to vocalise the sordid details currently souring his mouth.
Tom was a man of at least five and twenty, strong and muscular with a wavy mop of auburn hair, his limbs and chest covered by the same in abundance, and between his legs, oh lord, hung a long thick shaft, which gleamed like ivory the uncapt tip red and angry as it stood stiffly out from a mat of wiry curls. I blushed and squeezed my eyes tight-closed never having seen another man undressed before, not even my father nor my brother although I knew such a lewd display as this was not the same.
Why the hell it was cancelled after only one season is anyone's guess when you look at some of the utter pish out there.
Molly went truth and Mike asked if she had ever cheated on an exam. Boring, predictable, thought Sherlock, of course she hadn’t, an introvert like Molly would display far too many nervous tells, resulting in immediate suspicion due to overwhelming guilt as soon as she walked out of the examination room. He was wrong apparently, must be the vodka killing off his brain cells, as she confessed to sneaking a look at a vocab book during a year five French test, when bending down to retrieve a handkerchief from her bag. Hardly the crime of the century. He yawned, suddenly bone tired.
The faint buzz of life from outside immediately cut out, the room was bathed in silence, Mycroft sucking in air through his nose, jaw clenched before he turned to snap at him.
John went rigid above him, and sucked in a breath. But that only made it more exciting, Sherlock thought, as he sucked down harder and faster, just for the sheer thrill, while John tugged at his hair in wild desperation and fear.
John could see Jim drawing more stealthily near, sliding through the press of people with a practised ease. He was flanked on either side by the muscle, Seb and Bill, and although he knew that Sherlock was strong he doubted whether he could stand up against two brick shit-houses like them. He could almost hear them cracking their knuckles in preparation from here as Jim flashed him an evil grin, as they moved in for the kill.
- As a violinist myself, who never invested in a shoulder rest I can attest to how bloody uncomfortable this is, especially if you're quite bony in that area as I am (and Sherlock is).
He shrugged on his jacket and coat, wound his favourite blue scarf around his neck and picked up his violin case by the soft leather handle, indented with the shape of his fingers, the weight of it reassuring in his hand. John waited by the door expectantly, with a smile that was only for him. Sherlock sighed, and prayed to a deity he didn’t believe in to please not let him fuck it up this time.
“Just pop downstairs now boys, if you would”, she said, as she poked her head around the kitchen door “No sense in carrying all that stuff up here and making a mess, when I would only have to cart it all back down again.”
“We were just about ready to send in a search party mate…but Vince here thought you might be having a crafty pre-party wank” Mike shoved him playfully, and they all erupted in peals of laughter as he followed John out of the flat.
“Dunno mate” Greg shrugged apologetically, “He just took a mug of coffee and left with it, didn’t even sit down…..I figured he’d just gone back to Gryffindor tower”.
“Didn’t you have a girlfriend when you got here though? I could’ve sworn you said you did. Mind, I thought I heard someone howling like a dog last night” he had laughed, much to John’s embarrassment.
“I told you this was a bad idea”, Victor hissed, as Sherlock dug into his pocket with a scowl and drew out a small plastic card, the laminate peeling and battered at the edges. He tried for his most winning smile as the bouncer gave it a cursory glance and snorted loudly, his eyebrows almost climbing up into his hair. He shoved it back into Sherlock’s hand.
“I’m so sorry sirs, begging your pardon young sirs, but the gentleman was most insistent that you have this now. I told him sir, I said you were not to be bothered in the daytime, but he gave me this sirs, and please forgive me I couldn’t say no”.
And that had been the real shock in the end, it had started as a game and ended with a gaping hole in his chest where his heart should have been and he never, ever wanted to feel that way again, until that choice had been taken away from him too, now there was John…
“Oh no, I rather think Mr Trevor had that pleasure it would seem….and don’t try to deny it Sherlock, you smell like a brothel and look a damn sight worse…didn’t go quite according to plan I believe?”
But this didn’t stop the actual situation from being so much worse than he thought. Did Mrs Hudson know her husband had a target on his back?
I squinted down at him and wriggled a little in silent plea for attention, for I did not want him to stop, and he laughed, a throaty chuckle as he petted and stroked, rubbing circles at my hips to calm me. I would not be calmed, my heart beating out a frantic staccato rhythm.
“There was a note this time” Mycroft had stated, grim-faced, hands folded in front of him on the mahogany desk, (the same one Sherlock had fucked the P.A over) “This is just the beginning, tell your brother to be careful or he will find out what happens at the end of the story”
It really shouldn’t look so fucking sexy, John thought, as the urge to roughly shove Sherlock back down on the bed overwhelmed him, to mess up those curls a bit more and slide his hands down the back of those open jeans….
“You just love filthy boys don’t you Sir?” he gasped as he rocked his hips against John’s firm thighs feeling the delicious drag on his trapped erection. “Would you like to touch my cock too?…. I’m so hard for you Sir…can you feel me? Sherlock stifled a moan….
Sherlock pouted as he crossed over to his desk under the window and flipped open the catches of a battered black violin case. The instrument sat nestled in a bed of ebony velvet, the long slender neck secured by a black silken bow which Sherlock had attached himself, to protect the precious instrument from rattling around. He loosened the hair on the bow again and wondered if he should take a spare, then checked the side compartment for rosin and fussed over the clips of his chin rest. He closed the lid again and pressed gently on each catch with his thumbs until they clicked back into place. It was perfect.
Greg raised an eyebrow at him as he hovered, nervously, already noticing how much effort he’d gone to, rather than the usual which was a big fat zero. Most men were lucky if he’d washed his pits and bits before a fuck and no-one had ever turned him down anyway despite the questionable personal hygiene. He glared back, just daring the fucker to say something, and John, catching his eye, smiled and cleared his throat.
“And so this is where you had in mind, for the dance thing, the video shoot I mean?” he said instead, respectful of Sherlock’s sudden reticence and swiftly changed the subject.
“No, it’ll be far too busy on the weekend before Christmas…Malcolm’s here to pick me up…sorry love” she gave him a half-hearted peck on the cheek as she rushed out the door in a cloud of hairspray and perfume.
“Look, right now this is between you and Sara mate, come find me later, we’ll talk then”. He gave John a tight-lipped smile as he left.
John stopped eating and looked suddenly guilty, holding the crust of pie as if it were a grenade with the pin pulled out.
What the actual fuck? They had kids. With flower names. He knew they’d got married, about two months after he’d left school. There were a lot of snarky comments floating around at the time, how Mr Watson knocked-up the English Lit teacher and married her in a quickie wedding before the bump started to show, and if that was true then he must have been shagging her before he left which meant….Fuck.
The cold surface chilled his skin as he clawed his way upright, hand closing around the cool metal casing of the object of his destruction as he rose.
“I want to fuck you”, he said, because he did, wanted the tight hot grip of that hole around him as he turned the tables , and the pupil became the master.
Greg was in. He’d already banged on the door three times, complaining like the bitter, frigid old man that he was when the glass with his contacts in jumped clean off the sink-top after a particularly vicious well-timed thrust.
“Yeah, like the week of the year thirteen prom when he outed me in front of mum, remember that John?.... ‘Oh no Mrs Watson, Harriet wouldn’t want to go with David anyway, she prefers girls…didn’t you know?’” she mimicked Sherlock’s plummy voice and condescending tone.
“No it’s fine.” John said. “I get it. There’s no-one here to tell you what to do all the time, breathing down your neck every minute of the day…”
It's the Christmas dance at school tonight and Irene challenges Sherlock to a game - kiss the object of his fantasies under the mistletoe.  (Teenlock)
He eventually made it to the bathroom by crawling up the stairs on all fours (undignified but successful) where he sat, forehead pressed against the cold tiles for a minute trying to figure out how zips worked so he could get his stupid dick out and go.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock looked genuinely stunned as if this was the most stupid thing he had ever been asked, “John is ridiculously gorgeous and you haven’t shown the slightest bit of interest in him at all, your friend on the other hand is practically salivating” he turned to Elsa “Don’t waste your time, he’s gay and he’s mine, besides, aren’t you seeing Marcus Hunt?”
“He was your ride home, Victor, I mean, wasn’t he?” John said. He felt guilty that his rashness and stupidity had put Sherlock in this position in the first place.
John’s stomach clenched with anticipation. The answer appeared before him like a magic trick. Right before his eyes Sherlock began to transform, his posture becoming more slouchy and loose, sharp angles softened, the hard set of his features slackened, face open and relaxed, sharp laser eyes dulled becoming soft and unfocused. He loosened off his scarf and unbuttoned his coat, folding down the collar despite the cold, hands carelessly stuffed in the pockets, scuffing his feet along the ground as he walked. The whole effect was quite frankly fucking terrifying, John thought, as Sherlock completed the transformation by clamping a cigarette between his lips, cupping his hand to light up in the middle of the street.
Sherlock gestured towards the pillows, they were currently lying crosswise, Sherlock’s long legs hanging right over the edge.
Now that sleep had evaporated he was bored, bored and twitchy, he wanted to move, but he was sandwiched neatly between the back of the sofa and John’s body. He tried an experimental wriggle and his trapped cock rubbed against John’s smooth warm skin, and he shivered from the delicious friction. Hmm, that was nice. He tried again, more of a definite thrust of the hips this time, sending shockwaves of pleasure through his body.
“Fucking hell Sherlock…..you feel so good” John gripped his hips to hold him still slowly dragging his cock in and out until buried balls deep inside him, and oh sweet jesus that felt fantastic.
The bastard didn’t even look wet. He actually looked like a fucking male model, gliding along the pavement as if it was his own personal catwalk, in a long slate-grey wool coat and thick blue scarf, collar up against the wind. Skinny jeans and Converse poked out underneath, and John thought, slightly stunned as he always was by Sherlock, that it just shouldn’t bloody work, that on anyone else it would look ridiculous, but on Sherlock the effect was pure sex.
Christ, he could only have been there a couple of hours at the most, how much time did it take to get into that much shit (he thought about the events of Tuesday night, and Trent…) – well it was Sherlock after all, so pretty much instantly then?
He let out the breath he’d been holding and sank to the floor, slumping forward, feeling sick and dizzy with relief.
He was just stepping back into the room when he heard a soft tentative tapping at the door and a tousled blond head peered around it cautiously. John had shower damp hair and pink skin from the heat of the water, dressed in a rumpled blue t-shirt and old grey pyjama pants which sat low on his hips. He ruffled a hand through his hair in a slightly nervous gesture and the hem of his shirt lifted to reveal toned creamy abdominals and a smattering of golden hair below his navel. Sherlock simply stared.
But Irene’s theory was only the start of the rumours. Throughout the course of the day John heard that the bloke had been threatened with abduction by enemies of his rich parents, that he’d murdered another student and that he’d blown half the school up, but whatever the truth was, he sounded like a major pain in the arse, and John fervently hoped that Slytherin would have the dubious pleasure.
We were now rendered respectable, or as near as could be without full knowledge of the disreputable harridan with whom we had thrown in our lot.
“You’re not all wrong, I am a trained dancer though, and I am a student, a student without financial support, so you know…it pays the bills”
That might be a good plan, go in and buy a tea, he was gagging for a cup and it would be warm and safe, another hour should be enough, more people, more cars or a bus, it was Sunday and he could just crash, sleep until lunch and try Sherlock again, his stuff was still there after all. His feet turned towards the kerb, lured by the smell of buttered toast on the air as the door swung closed.
I was quite happy to take her arm, she would be a delightful companion to sit by, and her knowledge of my family gave me comfort that my position in society had not yet been truly lost.
“Hey” he raised his voice and lengthened hi stride to catch up, grabbing at a long slender arm and swinging Sherlock round. “Are you some sort of Occlumens?.... I mean how can you know stuff like that and….. the other thing…..last night…. without reading my mind?”
But before he could think of an answer, Greg burst back in with Anderson and Dimmock in tow, the jokey demeanour had gone. Sherlock frowned, something was wrong.
Damn it, yes he could, Sherlock thought. It was endlessly fascinating that despite the jokes John had no real belief in the extent of his own attractiveness, Sherlock knew this as fact. He could assure John it was off the fucking scale, have a line of blokes all salivating for a piece of his arse and John would still be in denial. Good job he belonged to Sherlock then.
We had arrived on John’s instruction at a public house in the heart of Chelsea, run by a jolly old stager who understood the complexities and varieties of love only too well. He leered at me and winked in a most lascivious manner, ‘You are well paired, a finer looking couple I never did see and I have seen a great many over the years, and you young sir are lately down from the country?’
He sighed,( it was pointless carrying on when he had just read the same sentence five times and not a word of it had hit a single brain cell) and reached over for his mug of tea, currently cooling on his desk, and took a long satisfying slurp. Might as well start getting ready now.
Who would have known my John was so debauched? That he was to teach me as much about the art of love as was to be found in many a whore-house? But still, it saddened me a little that I was not his first as he was mine, and he knew my mind as ever and as was in his nature he tried his best to reassure.
“It’s just too damn hot in here”, Sherlock sighed and stretched, arching his back. It was all very ‘look at me’ but it worked. John could feel his heart rate pick up, thumping erratically, fast, slow, skip a beat, repeat.
Sherlock took a long refreshing pull (it really was bloody hot in here) and drained half a bottle in one go “It tastes exactly the same as all the rest John…a token dash of alcohol and chemically sweetened horse piss”
“I never forgot Sherlock, I never wanted to leave” he went on , Sherlock sat in silence not trusting himself to speak, “We have mutual friends though, they kept me in the loop… you don’t have to explain any of it, the things that happened after…I already know…” there was an unbearable sadness in his voice as he spoke, eyes cast down, a flicker of pain in the set of his jaw as he shook his head in disbelief.
“Oh no, did we miss all the fun?” Sherlock ignored John’s scandalised expression as they took a place beside the tall muscular figure of Marcus Hunt. He merely grunted in response. “Don’t you recognise me, we did a little exchange about a week ago?”
It was the mocking tone, the sheer arrogant belief that they had John beat, that he couldn’t take them on, that he was too weak. But last night…they had held a knife to his back and kicked the shit out of him too and here he was, despite their best efforts, still standing, and he would never, ever let anyone make him feel so vulnerable again.
The sun was full in the sky by the time I awoke, drawn from the most pleasant of sleeps by footfall upon the stairs, my mistress and Tom come to wake me from my slumber. I expected censure at my sluggish ways never before having lolled abed so late into the day, but no, Mrs Turner was perfectly content and asked in the kindest manner how I did and was I well rested after the trials of the previous day.
“Okay….right, you pick someone then…, anyone you like, preferably someone you reckon is out of my league, and I guarantee you I’ll pull, no problem”.
“I can’t talk about this, not with you anyway, so if you really want to help you can leave. Me. Alone” he punctuated the last three words with a deliberate stab to the chest with a bony forefinger.
‘Look at me Sherlock’ he said, ‘I do not seek to hurt you, I will only do as you want me to and nothing more for your pleasure means as much to me as my own’.
Sherlock was as unreadable as ever and if John had to guess he would go for ‘bored’ or ‘unfazed’ as his eyes swept over the scene before them, taking in everything but reacting to nothing, at least as far as John could tell. This was so far away from Sherlock’s world of designer labels, private schools and dinner parties which probably cost more than a week’s wages to most of these people, so how could they possibly do this without attracting a whole lot of the wrong sort of attention?.
“I know of him…a man of business, with his finger in too many pies to count, most of them rotten it would seem. You will not stay here…I shall not allow it, a number of positions have become available on my household staff….does your mother sew perhaps?”
Enter Billy, and his twin sister Faye, two perfect blonde cherubs, about five years old. By this time, John was a seasoned old pro, balancing one on each knee, even though they were a lot bloody heavier than they looked at first.
It all made such horrible, perfect sense, get them apart and grab one, or both, but Sherlock had slipped the net somehow and he was caught, like a rat in a trap.
Tom climbed down and held the door wide for me, and I halted in the doorway in amazement. For the carriage had brought me to a place I knew well, a place which held the most dearest of memories, the pub in Chelsea where I had first given myself to the one I could never be without. I stepped down onto the roadside and smoothed down imaginary creases, ran my fingers through my hair and tugged at the cravat around my throat. It felt too tight, too hot, too restrictive, my arms felt like air and my legs weak, and not my own. Tom stood to the side running a soothing hand along the anxious horses flank, they were keen to depart, the noise from the pub and surrounding establishments overwhelming to their sensitive ears. There was much laughter and revelry afoot.
He scrunched up his eyes and bit down on his lip to stifle the moans and grunts that Sherlock was forcing up his throat.
“You fuss like an old maid Sherlock, for you would still be those most striking creature in London even though wandered the town dressed in sackcloth”.
“Were you trying to add hypothermia to the list of current injuries or are you just terminally stupid?”
“They worked though didn’t they? John pulled them back up, snug against his arse, before he wiped Sherlock down with a t-shirt he grabbed from the floor. A bed creaked loudly in the room next door and someone gave a very disgruntled cough.
He averted his eyes when John took his turn, certain he would drool at the sight, and just embarrass himself even more. He already knew what it looked like because he had seen John’s penis several times before, you couldn’t exactly live in each other’s pockets and share a small bathroom without the odd accidental exposure of random body parts.
A clearing of throats and the scarcely concealed snuffling brought us back to ourselves, and I blushed with the intimacy of what had passed between us. Worthington called out a request that the bride should now be kissed according to tradition, and Oxley parried back with a hearty guffaw, exclaiming neither of us fit to play the part of blushing maid. Sarah mopped at her tears, and our dear friend Tom proposed we raise a toast instead in celebration.
‘So?’ Mike shrugged, ‘Don’t jump to conclusions. Maybe they have enough actresses already? They’re always banging on about how students do it to pay their way through Uni, you know, lap dancing, stripping, escort work sometimes. Porn’s gone mainstream these days mate, there’s really no shame in it.’
“Anyway Sherlock, we all know what you were doing last night, you look like a vampire attacked your neck, and there was that embarrassed looking blond kid at UCL Student Union. Doesn’t take a fucking genius to work that one out”.
But no, to add insult to injury, here he was in a supply closet in New Scotland Yard, dropping his pants and letting John take a photocopy of his flaccid member, to be pinned up on a wall and laughed at if he had to hazard a guess. (And he never guessed)
Just who is the mysterious new Gryffindor, Sherlock Holmes?, and why is he sneaking out of the castle in the dead of night?
A wave of pure devastation overwhelmed him as his knees finally gave way and he slid slowly down the wall, until he sat on the cold, hard surface, arms clasped tightly around his shins, nervous tremors making jelly-limbs jerk and twitch like a marionette with the strings all cut. It felt strangely like withdrawl, this searing pain tearing at his chest, the sense of unreality, body detatched from mind as he shivered and shook, fighting for each breath through constricted airways, as all rational thought took flight.
It was a monumental cock-up, his biggest yet, to let John see those words, to shatter every illusion he might have held that Sherlock even gave a fuck. No chance to explain now, that he hadn’t answered a single one, until Victor hammered that final nail in the coffin.
Sherlock was annoyed to say the least, and fact utter cold fury would be a better description entirely, he thought. Mummy had just informed him in no uncertain terms that he was to share his overly large bedroom with one of their Christmas guests , the grandchild of their housekeeper, Eleanor, in other words, some idiot boy, no less.
‘I am well sir’ I said at last with a shaky exhale, and flinched a little at the sudden touch of his free hand, the right one, as he cupped my chin and turned my face towards him. His deep blue eyes were full of sadness and concern.
“Is it far now?” John called out, just wanting to break the uneasy silence that had settled between them minutes earlier.
“Holmes…Holmes”, she mused, her eyes glazed in thought, as she looked me over again, “The name is familiar, as is your face…do tell me, is your father in trade?”
The changing rooms were thankfully deserted. Sherlock hated coming here and avoided all school sport- related activities whenever possible, but they happened to contain all the year thirteen lockers, so today it was a necessary evil. He quickly stripped, pulled off his t-shirt, belt and unbuttoned his jeans, sliding them down his thighs and hitching them over his ankles with one hand to avoid them bunching up inside-out. His house key and lock-pick dropped out of his pocket, clinking on the cracked terracotta tiles and he swiftly stooped to retrieve them, standing in only his pants now (clean thanks to Mrs Hudson). He pushed them back into the front pocket and drew his hand back anxiously as fingers brushed against cool plastic.
A footman came forward from the shadows, I know not how long he stood there, or if he had heard what had passed, but Mr V spoke close to his ear and he nodded, then turned with a bow and departed. My body did not take kindly to what I had done and rising then, with a speed I did not know I possessed, I tipped myself over the edge of the balcony and proceeded to add to the bright decorations and bunting that were hung there. I was wretched, sweat drenched and stinking with puke, the smell of the smoke still clinging to my skin, curls damped down with water and clothes awry.
John nodded, shooting Victor a final poisonous glare. Victor met his gaze steadily, more at ease now Greg had managed to bring things under control.
Thank god he’d let Mike drag him off to get his flu jab. This job would be the death of him, if Sherlock in tights didn’t spark off a coronary first.
“You would never just lose it, anyway you already admitted you saw all my texts…so really…where is it?”
Jim’s hateful, singsong voice sounded through the shabby wooden door. One swift kick and it would give and he was more than surprised they hadn’t tried that yet, but it could only be a matter of time now Mr Magnusson had issued the final demand for his rent.
John gave a strangled cry of relief and pulled me into his arms, “Oh Sherlock, I am the happiest of men”.
“Okay, I’ll just tell you how… and who” the boy smiled as he felt John relax, “no-one is as observant as I am so I’m sure you’ll have much more success this time”
Molly-house : This could be an 18th century tavern, private room, or even a private house (Mother Clap's is a famous example) where gay and cross-dressing men came to socialize and have sex. Mock-marriages were also a common feature of these establishments.
The square outside was crowded when they left the café to go their separate ways, Sherlock to the library and John and Mary to the carpark to collect the car. His phone buzzed in his hand and he read the words with a thrill of excitement.
Sherlock gave a sigh and placed a hand on his arm, bringing them both to an abrupt halt “It’s the end of term tomorrow…that’s why not, you’ll go home and I’ll be here for two weeks, back to square one”
I heard all, separated only by velvet drapes as we were, my mistress enquiring as to whether he might like to make an appointment for a further ‘conversation’ with me that very afternoon.
John felt as if a cold hard stone had settled in the pit of his stomach, the cool passionless way Sherlock admitted he basically prostituted himself for a fix. He tried in vain to push the bleak, painful image of Sherlock on his knees in some dark, filthy place, degrading himself for drugs. Why the hell would he do that to himself. A cold sheen of sweat prickled on his upper lip, his mouth filling with water. Oh god he was going to puke. He forced himself to take deep calming breaths pulling in through his nose.
you doing?” John stifled a giggle, because really the boy could not have been any older than eleven or twelve and surely he couldn’t seriously think it was normal for two kids to shake hands? The bubble of mirth soon drifted away as he caught the look of hurt and embarrassment on the other boys face and lurching sideways he gripped the warm dry palm and pumped their joined hands up and down.
‘No, I think it was more for your own amusement you hussy, go make yourself presentable and get down to the parlour, there are a large party of young gentlemen come down for the evening and there is much work to be done’.
“You might…or you might not” he shrugged, his snub little nose in the air as he turned, but not quite fast enough that John didn’t catch the delighted smile the he couldn’t quite conceal.
Not that Sherlock would care if the world saw his dick, but to John it just seemed…decent…more dignified somehow.
Trent was enjoying this, an over-inflated ego, eager to impress, acting the tough guy, spilling his guts. Sherlock was disgusted. Where was the honour, loyalty and discretion? Greg’s job must be child’s play if this was the best that the criminal classes had to offer.
They stood on the pavement and looked up, gazing at the windows of the familiar, homely comfort of the Baker Street flat. The first clue that something was not as it should be came from the blackened bricks around the newly replaced window frames, scarring the beautiful Victorian façade.
“We’ll start with ten…you keep count, and if you fuck up we start again, okay?” John said in his deepest sternest tone, fighting to stay in control, as his own erection poked insistently at Sherlock’s heated skin.
“Over there” he inclined his head to a small floral tub chair sitting squat in the corner of the room. There, draped over the back, discarded straight after his performance was a long strip of dark-purple silk. The pit of his stomach lurched and tightened at the thought, he knew exactly what John had in store.
She clapped her hands at them briskly and left the room. The door shut with a definite ‘plunk’ and her footsteps echoed down the stairs.
“Where are we going exactly, you never said….I only heard ‘strippers’ then I sort of zoned out after that”
And for the second time that morning, John was the victim of a sudden and inappropriate Sherlock-inflicted erection.
“Captain William Murray and fourteen men lost….the survivors of the land mine explosion were gunned down in a savage attack. Captain Murray was eager to get back to camp and failed to issue the order for a routine sweep, despite reports of insurgent activity in the immediate area. Captain John Watson would never have made such an error and put his men’s lives at risk, but in this reality, he didn’t exist”
“Johnny?” *cough, cough*a thin, reedy voice sounded from above. He scrambled out again and bent over his mother, stroking her hand softly as she retched over the side of the bed, spitting thick globs of mucous onto the floor.
“Sherlock?" John's voice called from the other side of the door, "You okay in there mate, Molls said you looked rat-arsed and she saw you crawling out the door…I thought I’d better check on you….are you good?”
What…when the fuck had they decided any such thing? John felt a shiver of excitement, he supposed he could be up for that. It was about time someone put Sherlock in his place, the arrogant little shit. But then he remembered his bruised and battered ribs and gave an involuntary wince, and reluctantly thought they might have to be a bit more creative about that.
I floundered, uncertain, searching my mind for any that seemed familiar. “No, there are not…I cannot think…I don’t know”.
“That’s not what we do” John said, pulling his cock out fast enough to make Sherlock hiss with the sudden sharp sting.
Eight pairs of eyes turned to look as they crossed the room to their seats. Sherlock didn’t care, it wasn’t as if it was a secret that he was gay, it was common knowledge amongst friends and family and Mummy had long ago stopped bemoaning the fact that she would never have a daughter-in law one day, but Mrs Jessop still stared at them wide-eyed, as if they were a pair of freakish oddities
“Irene” I said through clenched teeth, and wondered if the world had come to plague me this night with all I wished to cast aside. She looked damnably beautiful in a gown of jade green, far too fine for a woman of such dubious morality, without another source to her income. She must still do to others as she had done to me. “Still selling souls to the devil I see”.
A hand left his hip and wrapped around his flushed, wet cock, so sensitive it almost hurt. He hissed as he fucked into John’s closed fist, the strapping on his fingers scraped pleasantly over his skin. They were making too much noise of course, gasps and moans and grunts, and anyone that wandered by would know someone was being very thoroughly fucked. But Sherlock couldn’t help himself, couldn’t stop the desperate moans that just kept spilling from his mouth.
Sherlock’s skin was already hot to the touch overlaid with a film of silky sweat. The smell of sex hung heavy in the air between them. John inhaled deeply, tasting it on the back of his throat and tongue. He had to get these jeans off now to relieve the almost painful press of his hot aching cock against the rough-edged denim seam. He squeezed a little tighter on Sherlock’s hips before pushing him back, off his lap, while curling a hand under the back of his head until he was spread out on his back on the floor. Sherlock peered up at him, heavy-lidded and panting , so aroused his cock was leaking in a steady stream, leaving a slick trail on his abdomen..
“You were still an annoying git, so some things never change” John said as he worked at the button of his trousers and pushed a hand down into his pants.
John held out a jacket made of worn brown leather. Sherlock took it, almost reverently. It was old, and buttery soft to the touch, rubbed almost shiny at the elbows, and Sherlock felt the warmth and weight of it as he dropped his bag onto the floor at his feet and shrugged it on, on top of his hoodie. He wondered who it belonged to.
The look of abject horror on Mycroft’s face almost made up for the absence of what would have been John’s lips on his, which he would now have to scheme and plot to finally get a taste of. Because John was looking at him, all apologetic and wistful before jamming that damn thing back on his head again and gunning the engine back to life. He tipped his fingers to his brow in an odd mock salute. “See you around then, Sherlock.”
Sarah frowned, “Oh! Then we must both say a prayer tonight. I’m sorry sir – Sherlock, I mean - I’ll leave you be now….sleep well.” She turned to go and I was alone again.
Did the lady shed a tear at the separation? I think not, for now she had devised many a devious way to make coin, and nothing was beneath her, for now, being well versed in the ways of this town she traded in secrets of a private nature, turning seven hundred and fifty a year and in denying herself the full luxuries of life she resolved also, to squeeze every last penny she could from her hapless lodgers.
I did not move. I never thought to throw him off, not once, basking instead in the searing fire that wantoned through my veins and inflamed my young body far beyond the power of modesty, my sighs and moans assuring him of my pleasure at the proceedings. It felt so unlike my own secret fumblings to relieve the distracting ache of my loins, conducted out of necessity more than want.
“You are taking the piss” John laughed, taking out the flask anyway and unscrewing the cap. He poured out the steaming liquid, almost orange like builder’s tea, the sort fit to stand your spoon up in (not literally). He handed it to Sherlock and he took a tentative sip, hot and wet, sliding down his throat like liquid gold settling warm and comforting in his stomach.
“Do you trust me?” Sherlock whispered in his ear then and John nodded cause it was true “Then run…come on” Sherlock grabbed his hand tightly and pulled him along, breaking into a run.
“Doesn’t it? I thought it was rather effective….expressing my gratitude for your sexual prowess is exactly the same as a thank you”.
When they got to the warehouse the entire place was empty and dark, no fires, no candles and definitely no people. Even most of the mattresses and pillows had gone. There had either been a tip-off or the police had gone through afterwards and cleared everything out, as a signal not to bother coming back again. But he had to go and check the rooms on the upper floor, feet turning automatically towards the old stairwell, thinking only of Sherlock.
“Are you trying to get me drunk?” he winced at the bitter taste, trying desperately not to cough and look like a stupid twelve year old.
It was quite easy after that, disarm Mycroft first with his own very special distraction technique. A little harmless flirting (or acting like a brazen little tart) usually did the trick, and it was always fun to watch him squirm, even though Mycroft made out he didn’t care. He didn’t mean anything by it they both knew that of course, but it still made him flustered and cross. One of his more evil tricks, cruel perhaps, but served a clear purpose and was effective in the end. Mycroft had focused on Victor and John and failed to notice the rest. A night sleeping rough had covered it well, but still….no sign of a fight and blood on his face and clothes? Really Mycroft…..you should have seen it as plain as day.
“Liar, you’ve done that too” Sherlock protested because he realised now that it was true, he had seen it with his own eyes, but hadn’t quite understood what he was seeing at the time.
“Don’t leave without me, I’ll come get you at four” he warned. The streets were dangerous after dark for a pretty young girl such as his sister was, and Jim might still be hanging around, ready to pounce.
They didn’t do it often, fucking your flatmates never ended well and Sherlock liked this place to much to risk it on something like this, but today he would make an exception, and Vic would say yes like an eager little puppy always desperate for attention from the cool kids.
John reached his left hand up and tentatively stroked the nape of his neck just where hair gave way to soft sensitive skin and Sherlock was sure he would spontaneously combust. He angled his head down awkwardly, desperate to kiss, conscious of his smoky breath, holding back, but John decided for them, pushing up towards his parted lips and gently pressing on the back of his neck to bring Sherlock the rest of the way down.
“If it would stop you from killing yourself, yeah, I might… but only if I pay you…isn’t that right?”
He was fifteen years old again in a dark dusty room on New Year’s Eve, heady with desire and revelling in the thrill of seducing an older man, making him moan, making him shiver, making him come, bringing him off to the sound of Big Ben as his family cheered on the terrace below. It felt like a lifetime ago, so much had happened since, the anger, the hurt, lashing out at the world and at himself, longing to be right here again as he chased after a ghost with anyone who would lie down. And finally, here Victor was, solid and real and melting under his hand once more, as his fingers tugged lightly at Sherlock’s soft dark curls, and panted hotly in his ear.
“Nope, not on my watch” John patted the space on the broom behind him, “Come on, hop on the back and I’ll take you for a little ride, get you used to the feel of it…being off the ground”
Sherlock wriggled beneath him, surprisingly soft and warm. He pushed his hands up against John’s chest to gently prise them apart.
“Come on then”, he said when he finally got his breath back, and they padded back along the street the way they had come, doubling back around the back of the club. It started to rain then, fat heavy drops splatting on bare skin as Sherlock eyed up a high mesh fence thoughtfully.
Leave them on, he decided, now regarding the towel arrangement with some degree of suspicion.  After a brief moment of indecision he climbed atop the lot and buried his face in the mound of towels at the head of the bed praying he wouldn't suffocate as the door eased open again. A chink of light illuminated the floor of the room, barely enough to see some random spots of oil and dust bunnies. On a shelf which ran the length of the bed below him, more white towels were stacked neatly with a roll of white couch paper wedged in between them.
Mycroft laughed when he saw it, propped against the milk jug on the dining table when he was seated at breakfast , munching idly on a piece of toast while mama fussed about the length of his hair.
“You wanted the truth” John nodded silently, looking up into those impossibly beautiful eyes, trying not to imagine them cold and dead and lifeless.
“Go on then, bugger off the pair of you….I’ll speak to you later Sherlock” Greg added meaningfully. Sherlock had no desire to spend another fucking second in that place, having endured more than enough stupidity for one evening. (Including his own, admittedly).
“Er, maybe just wait here? I’ll be back in a sec….clothes” he gestured apologetically at his near-naked body.
“So what happened to Uni?…You were my bloody star pupil and the next thing I heard you’d dropped out after first year…What happened?” John nursed his latte in one hand, running his thumb over the handle.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered over his face, he searched his eyes, breathing heavily and slowly trailed down to settle over his mouth. John felt pinned down. He held his breath and unconsciously worried at the skin on his bottom lip. And for one terrifying moment, he though it could actually happen, that Sherlock might kiss him, but instead he just sighed and stepped away, continuing up the stairs.
Victor cleared his throat, he was clearly unsettled, perhaps thinking that Mycroft had had the room under visual surveillance.
Victor flicked Sherlock’s face with watery droplets, and so he huffed, and turned, glad to put a little distance between them and pushed through the press of bodies to take his place at the bar before closing time. Better get two each while he was here. The entire club it would seem had exactly the same idea, annoyingly, and he stood, three deep trying to ignore the way his Converse stuck to the tacky green carpet, people pressing in behind, brushing sweaty limbs against his body and the occasional not-so-innocent hand on his arse or the curve of his waist.
Sherlock wasn’t sure. Billy had been vague on the details, understandably, but it was still mildly irritating not to know, and truly, John was right, the street stretched out into the darkness, the other end obscured in the eerie orange light.
Again John was at a complete loss as to just what was going on here, you could cut the tension between these two with a knife, he cleared his throat loudly to break the moment.
“Looks worse than it feels, so you can stop blaming yourself, and if you’d been with me they only would have done the same to you and probably a damn site worse”, his deep blue eyes demanded that Sherlock look at him, naked and wet, water running down his face and body in rivulets. He knew what John was thinking, that if he had been there, he would have been subjected to much more than a physical attack.
My education up to this point had been singularly lacking, the lot of a second son, but I took it upon myself to gain instruction, plundering the library of every available resource. My eager mind devoured this knowledge to such a degree that I considered myself quite well accomplished, acquainted with the sciences, mathematics, music, and some art. But books and cleverness will not assist the destitute of a small country village.
“Not as such”, I answered. John knew of my frustration at the inability to break new ground. “The runners would do well to make enquiry of the step-father for I do believe he has murdered the Lady Forrester’s suitor to claim her fortune for his own”. I waved an inky sheet in my hand, proclaiming a mysterious society disappearance of Mr Jeramiah Cosgrove, lately engaged. ‘Bow Street Baffled’ the headline proclaimed. Hardly surprising as it seemed to be their perpetual state of existence, Lestrade excepted.
“Now who’s squirming around like a needy little bitch?” John teased, bending over to whisper directly into Sherlock’s ear as he dragged his lubed fingers slowly down the crack of Sherlock’s arse and circled around his tight hole in feather-light strokes.
Sherlock nodded mutely as John slid his fingers down to the sexy green tights that had been the cause of all this. Sherlock’s frantic rocking had worked him loose, the head of his cock poked up above the waistband, pre-come leaving a growing dark stain and leaving John with no doubt that for most of that day he hadn’t been wearing any pants. (Thank god he had worn the stripy shorts for work).
“Quite”, he lit the cigarette from the end of hers and handed it back, exhaling a plume of smoke into the night.
I felt the warm gush of his seed within me as he came to his completion, and I fell, cock pulsing over my stomach and chest, such was the excess of pleasure that he pulled from me that no words could do it justice, virginity cast to the four winds at last.
His voice echoed around the empty space and he sounded vicious and angry to his own ears. Some posh city bloke, not just a kid, not like him, how could he even begin to compete with that? My ex – the only one worthy of that title after fuck knows how many others, the only one to mean something to Sherlock.
When he finally emerged in a cloud of deodorant and aftershave John was leaning back on the sofa with a beer in his hand, talking rugby and weirdly, politics with Greg, as if he’d known him for years, like someone’s fucking dad. Which when Sherlock thought about it, he actually was now.
They wouldn’t be far surely? Sherlock had left in a hurry, dumping his bass on the stage and bolting out the door in just his thin sweaty t-shirt. It was early October and the autumn air was freezing at this hour. As he walked past a boarded-up convenience store he heard the murmur of two deep voices. One definitely American he thought, the other unmistakably Sherlock. Sherlock sounded tense, nothing at all like his usual ‘I’m cool as fuck, deal with it’ self.
Sherlock let out a deep sigh of relief as he let himself out into the hall, the first major hurdle overcome.
Sherlock’s head snapped up in surprise, wracking his brain to try and work out where the hell Victor could have crossed paths with John in the past week. Victor obliged with an answer.
And Sherlock swallowed it down like a champ, every bitter drop, except for one tiny dribble that oozed from the corner of his mouth. John swiped it away with his thumb and wiped it off on his pants.
“That I could kill the man who tried to ruin you….even if he were my own father?” He shook his head and laughed. “Then perhaps you don’t know me at all, love.”
“Come on give the kid a break…he’s been going out of his skin…”, said Greg in his defence as he saw John’s shoulders sag again and his face crumple, “I’m a copper, I’ll make sure he behaves, you have my word”.
‘Oh please, do not address me that way, it is John, John Watson, and you I remember are Sherlock are you not?’ I nodded mutely as every word that dropped from his lips sent a spark of desire to my heart and raised in me that most dangerous and destructive of emotions – hope.
“I have no idea, home I expect…I didn’t bother to ask” Sherlock replied airily, tongue poking out as he sucked the spoon clean before digging around for more.
Greg went with him, the cafeteria surprisingly busy despite the lateness of the hour, and it was nice to have company, someone that didn’t expect him to chat, or ask pointless questions, or ask him if he was okay every five bloody minutes. It was obvious he wasn’t. They sat for half an hour, Greg brought them refill’s and a couple of jam doughnuts, golden and thick with sugar, the sticky, sweet raspberry filling oozing out onto the plastic plate and paper napkin. He wasn’t even hungry, but the first bite made his stomach growl for more, so he wolfed it down in three huge bites, washed down with the rest of his coffee.
John wandered back with two bottles of Pilsner and handed one to him. “Harry says and I quote ‘if I get the sack because of that fucking twat I’ll make you wish you’d never been born, birthday or not’, unquote”.
Sherlock’s face changed from belligerent annoyance to joy in an instant, “John!”, face lighting up as he saw him hovering unsure of the reaction he would get, hanging back until Sherlock held his arms out and called him over.
“They covet you”. His eyes were dark as he moved toward me again, “And I wished them to know you are mine”.
Sherlock’s sigh of relief was audible and John wondered if he’d ever done this before, brought someone here with such obvious hope that they’d love the place, a place which obviously meant a lot to him, and had those hopes crushed, probably in a cruel way judging by how guarded he seemed.  A spark of irrational anger at whoever that nameless idiot had been ignited in John’s chest.
It took ten minutes to find a cab that would stop for two teenage boys at midnight. They slumped on the seat gratefully, out of the cold and out of danger, for now at least. John yawned widely, a mixture of fatigue and fear, the adrenaline wearing off now. Sherlock laid his head on John’s shoulder and sighed deeply.
“No, it wasn’t stupid, it distracted him enough to let us get away” Sherlock insisted, and hugged him closer, and John wondered if Sherlock just found the whole post-sex intimacy thing unbearably awkward, switching the subject from how it had felt (John), to legging it from a potentially violent thug.
“Don’t give him your heart John, he’ll cut it open sooner or later, like one of his fucking experiments, just to see how you tick and then you’ll be left to pick up the pieces while he moves on…because once he finds out how the puzzle works he gets
I stared at his hand where it held onto my own and up to his face creased with a mixture of both hope and fear. The room around us was silent as those who had gathered held a collective breath. Every eye was fixed upon us, the air thick with the thrill of expectation. But I could not form the words. My mouth had gone dry as the desert itself, and John let go of my hand and stepped back again, uncertain.
He could hear the hand-dryer whirring as he approached, and though of Mary, drying a tiny vest stained with blackcurrant under the warm flow of air and knew in that instant he couldn’t. Not like this.
The lights in the window illuminated his face with a soft golden glow as Sherlock pushed open the door to Angelo’s.
“Let me make myself clear” he said, in a low, dangerous voice, the position of dominance gave full advantage to his extra height, “I do not need your
“Hey, don’t worry about that, no-one understands how the fuck he does it, it’s like a fucking superpower or something”
“Why not? Don’t tell me you didn’t enjoy the hell out of that, even though I’m sure I’ll have bruises on my hips where you were bloody squeezing me so hard” he made a show of rubbing his abused skin, chuckling at Sherlock’s expression of unmitigated horror.
John pulled him back up, and fisted his t-shirt at the neck, breath coming out hard through his nose, teeth gritted and right arm drawn back. His good arm, the hand that hadn’t been strapped.
“Oh, I really don’t have to take on all four…I just want you” he smiled with satisfaction as the colour drained from the chubby blond face ,and before he could himself time to think he fisted his hands in grey wool and snapped his head back before he propelled himself forward with a resounding smack. The dull stab of pain barely registered amongst all the rest and James fell back heavily on his arse in the dirt.
“My first time”, John began, “They held me down and shoved it so far down my throat I thought I might die, and still, when they let me catch a breath, they kept my head fixed and fucked me in the mouth so hard the skin of my lips bled raw”.
“Who the fuck do you think you are mate” James broke into a harsh barking laugh “you gonna take us all on by yourself….fucking dick”.
“The stairs I think, that lift stinks of piss” and without waiting for an answer he bounded ahead, taking three stairs at a time with his long rangy stride, John struggling after, lungs burning and thighs screaming.
Sherlock took the bottle of beer that Victor held out to him, dropping the straw on the floor at his feet. He took a long pull and swallowed the ice cold liquid, shivering slightly as it slipped down his throat. The heat in the club was unbearable, and he grimaced as clammy beads of sweat formed on his neck and slowly rolled down to soak the neck of his t-shirt. Sherlock pressed the small brown bottle to the side of his face, figuring what would be the harm in a little condensation when it was so deliciously refreshing against his overheated skin.
“Flat number forty- two, Elsa Reay and Kate Warren” Sherlock said, dropping his finished cigarette on the ground and grinding the butt into the concrete with his toe.
“Christ Sherlock, this place is fucking huge, and everyone else is wearing a suit, I feel like such a prat in this” he tugged despondently at the hem of the jumper, which exposed a little more creamy skin at his neck.
“What would it matter anyway?, it’s just a mind-trick to help me get off….because obviously you’re not enough”
“Oh god” He let out a strangled gasp and Sherlock stuttered to a halt. The head of Sherlock’s prick had caught just inside the rim of John’s hole. He had been so relaxed and into it, the entrance had started to loosen up and Sherlock had unwittingly slipped inside, just the tiniest bit.
Sherlock blinked rapidly a few times as the fresh onslaught of alcohol blurred his senses, squinting his eyes to focus on the people who had just arrived. David….somebody…unimportant, insignificant, and Amanda bloody Jeffries…oh god. His head darted from side to side looking for a suitable escape route. It was a party, he was fairly sure he was drunk which almost guaranteed that she would corner him at some point and make a second attempt to stick her tongue down his throat. Only his lightning fast reflexes had saved him last time, and in his current state he no longer be able to rely on those. Maybe he should just cut his losses and go home, or, he could just hope for the best and keep his head down. Sherlock went for option two, not wanting to offend John when he had only been here for half an hour. Jesus, how can you go from zero to pissed in such a short space of time? Inexperience? Unusually low tolerance to alcohol? Probably a bit of both. He was smugly satisfied that John looked annoyed too, disappearing into the kitchen to fetch some more cups, even though Sherlock was sure he didn’t know about the near miss with her lips that had occurred only minutes before John’s car had pulled up in the drive. Interesting, Amanda wasn’t strictly an invitee, just tagging along with David who used to play Sunday League football with John. Not welcome then, but Sherlock knew that John would be much too polite to kick her out.
Ah right, confession time was it? John thought. He had to admit he was intrigued after last night’s dinner party revelations. He had already concluded for himself that Sherlock was a bit of a precocious wild-child, but it would be fascinating to get the story from the horse’s mouth, not from malicious twats like Sebastian Wilkes.
Greg smiled, deep brown eyes crinkling at the corners, gazing at Mycroft like he was a gift he couldn’t wait to unwrap, when it was quite the opposite, Mycroft thought. He never ceased to marvel at the fact that he got to touch this man, undress him, have all of him, and to be desired in return. He remembered the night they met, not the most auspicious of circumstances obviously, arriving at the police station to collect Sherlock in the early hours - Greg had been the arresting officer. He had been completely unfazed by Mycroft’s undoubted wealth and status, chastised Sherlock soundly for causing him such worry, which he said he could see by Mycroft’s tight, white-knuckled grip on his umbrella, quite correctly of course. His incredible ability to see right through what he called the ‘Holmes family bullshit’ remained a constant source of wonder, and Mycroft had left that night with a number that had changed his life.
“Something to remember for later perhaps….you wish you were hard again, don’t you? so you could slick your cock with my come and use the rest to lube-up my arse, push it inside when you stretch me open all hot and wet, clenching around your fingers…am I close?"
Sherlock paused to consider, as if this was a real possibility and John found he was actually holding his breath. He was definitely mad enough to try it even with the risk of others in the house.
He ducked his head forward and John began to slowly massage the soapy suds into his scalp, kneading firmly and confidently. It felt incredibly intimate, to let someone else wash you this way, thought Sherlock, and also very, very erotic, as John’s fingertips caught around his earlobes and rubbed at his sensitive nape, he shivered and sucked in a shaky breath.
“Good night was it?” John gave him a playful nudge, “I hope you know which twat took these pictures cause I’ll guarantee the sad bastard’s been wanking over them, why else would he keep these for two years”
He turned to follow Sherlock inside, and almost on cue the rain started up in earnest, falling in fat, heavy drops that smelled of leaf mould and the sharp tang of ozone. There was a storm heading their way. John ducked through the doorway just as the deluge began. It sliced through the thick canopy to spatter the ground below and drummed against the roof, the noise building to an almost continuous roar just as the first flash of lightning struck. John caught only the briefest glimpse of his surroundings before the room was plunged back into darkness. He blinked rapidly, momentarily losing his night vision.
“I have an older brother, Mycroft, he works for the Ministry…he’s spent most of our childhood telling me how stupid I am”
“You think you’re so immune to all this emotional stuff, but I know you Sherlock Holmes, you give away more than you think you do”.
He caught up, stretching his legs out to keep pace and Sherlock turned his head to flash him a genuine smile, not the fake kind John had come to recognise as the one he used on Mycroft, Greg, Anderson, in fact just about anyone other than him it would seem. Drizzle had caught in his hair and it glittered there like dewdrops, curls standing out in a fuzzy halo, eyes glowing with excitement and anticipation at the prospect of the morning head.
Greg just grinned widely. After Quidditch, a spot of verbal sparring with Irene was his next favourite sport “Yeah, but just you wait and see what I can shoot out the end of it”, he winked.
John caught hold of his wrist and grasped the other one too. He pushed his arms back and pinned them there, over his head and leant over his body, until they were pressed chest to chest.
John didn’t stay to listen to another damn word he just headed blindly towards the nearest set of stairs, the only destination he had in mind, was up, as fast as humanly possible. The rooms on the first floor revealed nothing, three were empty and the others were occupied by much older kids who glared at John accusingly. He didn’t hang around to ask if they had seen a tall, pale, skinny kid with a smart mouth and a bad attitude. The soft familiar strains of Billy’s melodic music drifted down from the floor above, so he crept up the stairs, this time, gut instinct telling him that he was finally on the right track.
It was true. Sherlock eyed him with an air of expectation as John’s fists clenched and unclenched at his sides.
Besides, he thought, it was naïve in the extreme to think he could stop overnight, that was the reality.
Sherlock smirked, as he hooked his left leg over John’s torso and straddled his hips, trapping John’s erection under his perfect white arse. He looked down with a groan to see his length poking out from between Sherlock’s balls, frantically fisting the sheets as Sherlock ground his arse in slow teasing circles, running his hands up John’s chest, before mercilessly thumbing his nipples, making him arch up from the bed as his cock throbbed in sympathy.
“Take heed of your pimp boy,” Weston snapped, “Now get out of my house or I’ll set the dogs on the pair of you!”
bye the bye. But I would not countenance such a fate for my John, or myself and so resolved to be on my guard.
“I know not of Oxley,” he shot back at me, “the others departed safely in a carriage I procured but an hour ago, well before the Runner’s came. Tom is under instruction to see the maid back to Duke Street first and the carriage will move on to Covent Garden. There is no need for alarm, it is well in hand.”
The barest brush of lips against his own and he was gone, and Sherlock melted into him as he gently cupped his face. He licked inside that gorgeous mouth and savoured the taste of cigarettes and smoky air, both disgusting and divine as Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist and dragged him further in. He flinched at the pressure on his bruised and aching ribs, but this just felt too damn good to stop now, he pressed closer, leaning in. Fuck that hurt.
“One small favour if I may, John, this liaison could become something of a distraction if it continues, and my brother is currently attending the only the only school within a thirty mile radius that has been willing to take him this year. It would be most inconvenient if he should find himself permanently excluded yet again. I therefore suggest a short hiatus, until Friday evening at least. I’m sure you can both control your
“Yeah mate I know, I was there…No point in reporting it though…I didn’t see a thing, they grabbed me from behind….I have to see Sherlock” he swayed slightly as the pain and fatigue washed over him again and he sagged against the kitchen bench.
“Coming down The Bull after?” Mike Stamford asked, already showered and changed, as he started walking backwards away from John and out of the changing rooms to follow the rest of the team.
After two more trips back to the bathroom to spew and half a bottle of Oral-B mouthwash, they were ready to go. Sherlock had piled on some extra layers, a soft fleece zip-up, a relic from a school camping trip (that thankfully didn’t irritate his itching skin), and black DM’s with thick socks instead of the ubiquitous thin canvas Converse. The shivering continued, regardless.
He turned deliberately, heading the opposite way to where he should have been going, skirting past the music block and the drama centre towards the crumbling, neglected dance studio unaware of the tell-tale trail of dirt he was leaving behind him, mind on something else entirely - someone, to be exact. But definitely not someone his mates would ever think of.
But even all that was after. First came the parties and sneaking out of school in the dead of night to go clubbing and dancing, sucking off strangers for cash, being called ‘beautiful boy’ and ‘gorgeous’ and ‘slut’ and ‘whore’, fucking boys at school for drugs or just because he bloody well wanted to and no-one ever said no.
Sherlock hummed the affirmative and went back to worrying the skin beneath John’s ear. John shifted restlessly in his seat and tugged at the front of his jeans, staring dead ahead .
“Please don’t mate, you’re fucking terrifying. In medieval times they would’ve burned you at the stake or something, you know that?”
Mike passed the flask of vodka back and John took another large, warming swig. With any luck he would be rat-arsed by the time they made it inside.
Sherlock didn’t love Victor, he loved John. The man before him had been an adolescent obsession, the ‘relationship’ such as it was, toxic and destructive, where Victor had indulged his own base desires with a naïve and precocious child.
John sat on the edge of the bath, shaking his head, “One week and you come back a fucked-up mess…what the hell have you done to yourself?”
John dropped the coin into his grubby little hand and he flashed us a wide, cheerful grin. He turned and made his way back across to the doorway returning a moment later with a portly red-faced man in tow before slipping away again and out of the open door.
“Does he indeed”, I snapped imperiously and felt a little ashamed at the wounded expression that crossed her sweet face. More softly I continued. “And he couldn’t tell me this himself…why may I ask?”
I wondered if that was all that had passed, for if I knew that lady at all it was as one not to be spurned, and so, we may have thought that it was over, for in the eyes of the law it was true, but Tom’s words were still enough to trouble me.
The bell rang and the corridor swiftly emptied out, so he pushed Sherlock into the nearest boy’s bathroom and pulled his bloody annoying chavvy hood down. The posh young boy in trousers and designer shirts had disappeared a long time ago.
“The wall”, he yelled at Greg, still standing there uselessly, “look at the wall in my room…go on…NOW!”
“I’m cold, I think we should go inside” Sherlock had to turn away before he revealed more than he wished to make known.
“Sherlock,” John turned to address me. I could feel the tremble in his arm as he caught up my hand in his. “Know this, that my heart has been yours since the very first moment I laid my eyes upon you. And from that moment forward, you have surprised me and distracted me, captivated and challenged me in a way that no other has ever done or ever will. You are my partner in crime and in passion and know that I love you always and forever with every beat of my heart.”
John took a deep breath in through his nose, the last thing he needed to do was lose it, let his temper get the better of him and punch this arrogant fucker in the mouth. His clenched fists itched at his sides.
But Sherlock didn’t emerge from the dorm room all evening, and when John climbed the stairs at half past twelve, only the top of a dark, curly head was visible under the blankets.
- In the 18th century, violins didn't have chin, or shoulder rests as they do today, so Sherlock's chin would have rested on the bare wood of the instrument to left of center, the underside resting on the clavicle.
He couldn’t answer, only cry out, his cock spurting violently as the orgasm ripped him apart. They hadn’t even tried to make it last this time, just took it quick and hard and rough.
Sherlock arched up, head thrown back, pushing at the back of John’s head as if to shove his tongue even further up his arse. John didn’t think that was even physically possible, he could barely breathe as it was. He reached between Sherlock’s legs, running his fingertips up the hot heavy shaft, sliding easily through a leaking trail of pre-come. Christ, Sherlock was soaking, and he had done that. But if he didn’t get his tongue out and fuck him now, it would all be over. If Sherlock came, John quite liked the idea of wanking over him and adding to the resulting sticky mess. John’s cock twitched in agreement, shit, he would look incredible like that.
“Problem?” Sherlock breathed, and his hands darted forward to wrestle with John’s belt instead. He sank back again with a thump and sighed with relief as Sherlock pulled down the zip, popped the button and wrestled the stiff blue denim down his thighs. John barely had time to inhale a sharp breath when his pants were yanked down too and a large cool hand wrapped firmly around his aching erection.
“This place is no longer my home, and has never been so in truth since the day my mother passed on, I only ever return to see Grandmama. Listen”, he said, clasping my hands in his, “Whatever is to come, however he chooses to proceed after this, it will change nothing, not a single thing between you and I, and if ever we were parted, know that I would crawl upon my hands and knees through the filth of this earth to get back to you again”.
‘And is that what you want? I do not mean to presume, but wouldn’t you rather have one man to love and protect you and who would not suffer you to be had by anyone else?’
“Mycroft carries whiskey?” he croaked, eventually, as Greg, satisfied he was as ready as he could be, took him by the arm and led him from the room.
“Yes sir, indeed”, that gentleman said, rising from his knees at last, “I can make these up in six days if that is convenient and have them sent on”.
John stared at him intently, breaking through his daydream as they stood close together sipping wine and trying not to blatantly touch each other. Sherlock shifted his weight to his right leg and was rewarded with delicious goosebumps as his right hand brushed against John’s left.
Then all came to light, upon the discovery that the reason for her elevated station occurred first and foremost from the child she had borne him almost seventeen years ago. And what of this young woman? Did she enjoy all the advantages of life that her generous father could bestow? It may please you to know that she is safe from harm and will remain so, no thanks to the one who brought her forth into this cruel despicable world. Mrs Davis, ever one with an eye to turn a profit had sold her own daughter you see, to a foreign envoy of Arabian descent who had been much struck by the delicate, flame-haired creature. But what began as lust soon turned to a love deep and genuine, and the pair were married in secret.
So John filled in the blanks himself. Sometimes what Sherlock didn’t say was more important that what he did. And he hadn’t denied the existence of ex-lovers amongst these rather generic categories, or said what the particular nature of their association was. Like ‘acquaintance’ that could mean anything from someone you met once at a party or something, or someone you see every day, but don’t really hang out with. He tried to keep his voice neutral, enquiry casually nonchalant.
. Molly smiled shyly at them all as she nervously introduced her friends, Karen, Mary and Gail. Mike just stood there sporting a ridiculous grin as John nodded politely, not taking a word of it in and shifting uncomfortably under their quite blatant stares, checking him out like he was the shiny new toy, competing over who got to play with him first . He felt his blood pressure spike. If this was some sort of set-up Mike Stamford was going to suffer a most painful and horrible death.
A lady elf drew back the curtain of the grotto, ready to greet the little darlings as they shuffled in, and my god, the store must be making a mint if the length of that queue was anything to go by, winding its way down the centre isle and out the double doors into ‘women’s lingerie’.
“Girls do…Sarah did, never mind….any news from Mycroft yet, or Greg?” John said, tactfully changing the subject.
Sherlock huffed, impressive Mycroft, so he knew about that night in the study when he got rat-arsed on Mycroft’s finest and asked Victor to take him to bed ( in the ‘indelicate’ sense). He was certain Victor had said nothing because Sherlock had been fifteen at the time, and if Mycroft had sensed anything back then it would all have ended there. So he must have found out later…but how?
“Here, let me…I’ll take her to the ladies and dry her vest under the hand-blower, just pass me that carrier bag with the new dress in it…she’ll just have to wear it now…Jesus John, I can’t bloody take you anywhere can I?”
The street faded out, the dim light of early evening giving way to the dull steel-grey of a typical winter’s day, the sky an endless expanse of cloud which made colours more muted and washed-out. A churchyard. A field of silent stone sentinels, each guarding their bony treasure. John took in the man beside him, really looking this time, for some hint of familiarity, a spark of recognition. The fleeting thought occurred that this could be Mycroft, or someone of that ilk, it wouldn’t be the first time he had been plucked from the streets and drugged , used as a pawn in a much bigger game.
“Yeah? Well I’m fucking starving, I couldn’t eat all day today because I was so bloody nervous about tonight, so just humour me will you? I’ll make a deal with you, how about we go and eat dinner and I’ll let you do whatever you want to me later”
He swung his legs round off the sill, and flicked his cigarette out of the window onto the ground below, standing, he stalked across the room and slammed his hands against the door, palms flat, braced at either side of Victor’s skull.
“Much as I am loathe top pour cold water on our happy little gatherin’, tongues’ll be set a waggin’ if I stay up ‘ere much longer.”
Forgive me, but I must confess myself to have been wholly innocent at this time, my brother having left before the first flowerings of my adolescence. Father never spoke of such things and neither had mama, therefore I remained blissfully unaware of Irene’s more unseemly designs upon my person never having had a sweetheart of my own.
“Not without the approval of at least three fucking doctors I can’t….substance abuser….drug addict…do you think they’re going to let me loose on the good stuff in here?”
Dessert was altogether more successful, a chocolate and black cherry brownie, smothered in warm fudge sauce. Sherlock savoured every mouthful, turning his spoon over to suck every last morsel into his mouth, making tiny little Mmm’s of pleasure with every lick. John just stared at him wide-eyed, tongue licking over his bottom lip in a mirror gesture of Sherlock’s own. He pushed his own untouched plate towards Sherlock wordlessly and he devoured that too, holding his gaze as he gently stroked John’s inner thigh with his socked foot.
He found her deep in conversation with a tall be-suited man of about Mycroft’s age, thick black hair and broad-shouldered. Similarly attired at his side, inspecting his fingernails and looking infinitely bored was a horribly familiar figure. (I hate you Mycroft)
John’s useless hands came to rest lightly on each side of that bobbing, dark head, and he looked down and watched, drinking in the sight of swollen pink lips stretched wide around his aching cock. He resisted the urge to grip tight and fuck himself right down that throat.
‘And I will not disappoint…please John’, tears of frustration and humiliation pricked at my eyes, ashamed at my failure, ‘please let us try once more’.
They’d reached the double-doors that led outside, and both stepped out into the student carpark. The sun had almost set by now, and the street lamps had come on. The only car left, parked right in front of the building was Victor’s gleaming silver Audi.
Was that a flicker relief in his brother’s eyes? What on earth had he missed? It was a sobering and quite frankly terrifying thought that the one person in the world who could hide the truth from Mycroft Holmes was standing in front of him now.
There was nothing for it but to park up again, and get the fucking tube home. He would phone the garage when he got back, or not, if Mary insisted on pissing him off through dinner, two could play at the game, and Harry didn’t like her either after all.
Sherlock groaned softly and actually buried his face between John’s shoulder blades…it was not an altogether unpleasant experience, and he had to try very hard to resist the temptation to shake the broom around a bit. But John took it slow at first as Sherlock was stressed out enough, rising slow and steady until the boy behind him began to relax, before leaning forward a little facing away from the path of the oncoming snow. It was all fine until he leaned to the left to skirt the corner out into the main grounds. Sherlock slid sideways a little and panicked, clutching at any part of John he could grab, cloak, jumper, thigh, skin. If he didn’t do something they would both be off and from twenty feet it would bloody well hurt. John pulled up and hovered, determined not to give in to Sherlock’s fear and take them back down.
Sherlock settled back against the pillows with a sigh and grimaced a little, his hand reaching up automatically towards the neat row of sutures at his temple, the gash on his head stitched back together, covered up with a pad of gauze and surgical tape. His fingers hovered for a moment and fell away again as he thought better of touching the dressing.
“I was counting on it John” Sherlock replied, necking back the rest of the glass and steering John firmly towards the exit.
It occurred to John the next morning that he still had absolutely no idea where Sherlock had been to the night before, but Sherlock gave him no opportunity to question him further, rising early and going down to the Great Hall for breakfast alone. John joined the others at half-past eight, still yawning widely after the inadequate amount of sleep he had had the previous night.
A dinner invitation? It wasn’t exactly what he’d been expecting from this conversation, a warning maybe, a keep away from my brother speech , yes, not a handshake and a meal. This was confusing and he was more than a little disconcerted.
“Did you like it…that first time?” I was thinking of myself, how I’d failed at the first, too tense and timid it had hurt me most fiercely, but the second time…Oh the second time….my whole being tingled at the thought of it, the pleasure that was everything, that I scarce could live without.
“Here, get this down your neck mate” John pressed a bottle of some noxious blue liquid into his unresisting hand “and I’m warning you this time Sherlock, don’t you dare calculate my level of drunkenness according to how many times I need to go and take a piss” (as if he would!)
“Something like that” he croaked, as he spat into the bowl and wiped the back of his hand across stinging lips, pushing himself upright, the evidence of his guilt swirling away with the flush of a toilet chain.
“Boyfriend huh?”, Victor looked him up and down more closely – short blond hair, small, well-muscled, nice arse and thighs, nothing overtly homosexual, lovely – he would do that given half a chance…he was a lucky bloke whoever he was.
It was Sherlock’s turn to flush this time, faint pink splotches on his cheeks and neck as their eyes locked again.
“Go sell it somewhere else”, snapped John, “We don’t buy from sloppy old tarts…and I have eight inches that you sorely lack madam and take great pleasure in sitting on
John glanced nervously around, half expecting to be ambushed at any second. The siren of a police car sounded in the distance and they both jumped anxiously.
The bouncer advanced and Sherlock stepped back again, he heard the crack of knuckles and groped for Victor’s hand in the dark, “Oh and the baby? It’s his not yours, sorry mate…..Victor, RUN”, Sherlock shouted, laughing like a maniac as they pounded down the street, rubber soles slapping against the pavement.
“Yes”, I interrupted, my voice rendered rough and deep with emotion, I could no longer bear to see him struggle so. “Yes, yes! A thousand times yes! John Watson you did scare me…I thought, I thought….” But in truth I did not what it was that I thought, beyond the fact that my John loved me, and had offered me his hand.
“Thirsty, sorry...I sort of worked up a sweat with all that energetic bouncing around, so unless you have a bottle stashed somewhere I’m going to have to nip out and buy some”
“She won’t even blow you though will she James? That’s why you sit at the back of the Biology lab fantasising about my lips wrapped around your tiny cock and my finger up your arsehole isn’t it?”
I pushed the tray aside and drew my knees up to my chin. How was I to answer that which I barely knew myself? But still I tried, for his sake, beckoned him close and curled up into his side with my head on his chest, listening to the pounding of his heart, too fast for one at rest.
The air outside was cool, the night sky clear, signalling the rare appearance of stars, usually obscured from view by the artificial lights of the city as they walked along side by side towards the knackered blue van, so familiar now, a solid reminder of the first night they met. He remembered standing in that yard as the van pulled away that night, fully believing that he’d never see that mysterious, incredible boy again and silently cursing himself for turning down the offer of a lift. So much had happened between then and now, it seemed like a dream, a whole lifetime ago…. and the time before that?
Sherlock was sitting up again, crowding his space as he leaned forward expectant, smiling when John sat up a little, muzzy headed and rested his left hand on Sherlock’s waist for balance. His palm connected with skin which erupted in goose-flesh under his fingertips.
His tone was calm and measured, the usual drawl of the terminally bored, but his body betrayed him too, as he tapped the tip of his umbrella in a staccato rhythm upon against the smooth, tiled floor. Nerves, a chink in his façade of brisk efficiency.
The time had come, and with that knowledge a little fear crept back into my heart. I had resisted the first unwelcome assault upon my virtue but had now chosen of my own volition to relinquish it willingly at no price other than our natural desire for one another. I cast the fear aside. He rose. I followed.
“Come”, I said, “There is nothing to be gained if we linger here, let us eat, and sleep, and perhaps the way will be clear to us come morning”.
Sherlock bristled at what he considered to be the grossest insult, but thankfully, to John’s relief, opted to take advantage of their newly won rapport and get to the crux of why they were really there.
“Can I help you?” said an entirely too chirpy voice, John thought. He was feeling rather sorry for himself, not having slept well the past few nights since muff-gate. The voice in question belonged to a brittle looking woman of indeterminate age named Jan, (wonky name badge) with over-bleached hair and a wide, bright grin that didn’t quite reach her over-made-up eyes.
“Relax, country boy…we’re not arranging some seedy hook-up, it’s a little more sophisticated than that…I have a few….connections…you might call them…people who know how to be discreet…do things strictly off record so to speak”.
“So”, Mrs Hudson began “Exactly why did I find you two getting cosy in my empty flat last night? Isn’t there somewhere else you can do all that malarkey? What on earth made you think you had a right to do that? Really boys, I don’t understand!” she threw her hands up in consternation.
Sherlock scowled. It was a little ridiculous, but John was a guest and it was important that he be made to feel welcome, and not like the scruffy street kid that John himself seemed to think he was.
“Of course not…nobody’s going to molest you…not unless you want them to of course…then all bets are off, so to speak” he grinned evilly.
“A bit” he admitted. It was gorgeous felt amazing, but two more minutes and he’d be shooting off like a rocket and he hadn’t been inside Sherlock yet. And that, John realised is what he really, really wanted, that tight little arse bouncing on his cock until he screamed.
He toed off his shoe and stuck out his left leg experimentally, running his socked foot up the inside of John’s calf, rucking up his trousers, and John suddenly looked very interested in the embroidered pattern on his linen napkin (maybe this was alright after all).
“Sherlock yes….funny how his name always crops up….I’ve had it up to here with all this, so I’ll tell you what John….why don’t you go and fuck your former flat-mate, because everyone knows that’s what you really want”
“I was talking to his mother in Marks and Spencer’s the other day, and apparently the boy hardly ever goes out….”
I blushed prettily in my confusion, casting nervous glances at the two pious-looking gentlemen seated across from us, in ignorance of the more ‘animal’ aspects of human nature.
“Look, I got the impression you two had had words last night, I did ask why he didn’t just call you, but he seems like a stubborn little shit”
Yeah, but I don’t really know you at all, do I, thought John. Or anything you might be in the habit of doing. He must be mad, coming way out here in the middle of nowhere late at night with someone he barely knew. Because it was true. What did he even know about this boy other than the fact he was impossibly gorgeous and unattainable, bossy and unpredictable and way, way out of John’s league?
John ground his back teeth together and his jaw twitched in irritation. He wasn’t worried, just bloody pissed off at being waylaid by this dickhead on his way home from another mental night out.
The receiving room was large and sumptuous with an abundance of velvet covered chaise and a large table of the finest walnut taking the central place, around which high-backed chairs were stood. Here, lain out for the enjoyment of the gentlemen and girls alike was a bountiful array of the finest fruits, breads, cheeses and cold-cuts, enough to sate the need for sustenance in the most ravenous of persons, the drink flowing freely with good wine and tankards of ale in abundance lending much to the atmosphere of decadence.
“Is that what he told you?” Victor slurred, “Because I didn’t exactly have to chase very hard when he had his fucking tongue down my throat and his hand around my prick…we only stopped cause he was high as a kite”.
He couldn’t help it, really, it must have been the drink or something, the noise that came out somewhere between something a donkey would make and a pig-snort. Sherlock scowled and folded his arms across his chest in defiance.
She turned away, dropping a slight curtsey to John before she left, beckoned by her ladyship to join the other ladies in the parlour while the men retired to the study to drink port and smoke cigars. I cared for neither, too young for such pursuits and felt every single year that I lacked as I sat, most disgruntled, amidst such boisterous, masculine company.
The chair scraped back along the floor as he rose to stand, a jarring screech of rubber-tipped metal on ceramic which made him wince, everything too loud, too much in his heightened state.
His bottle was empty so he picked up another, orange this time. It was cold, and that was enough for now.
Then I took up the other in turn, rolling it slightly in my fingertips, feeling the weight, the warmth of the softly burnished metal. It was wider than the other, made for a thicker more masculine hand than my own. It also bore the mark of an inscription, words John had chosen in my stead, ‘
John was flattered by his avian substitute and was keen to learn how Sherlock viewed himself, probably something rare like a Golden Eagle, he guessed.
Whatever he was going to say was smothered by Sherlock’s mouth as he pushed up against him, crushing them together head to toe, red sticky fluid smeared between them as Sherlock nipped and sucked hungrily, swirling his tongue aggressively. He grabbed a handful of hair at John’s nape and pulled hard, hard enough to elicit a strangled gasp and John’s fingers pressing hard into already deep purple bruises at his hips.
“Mike hang on a sec” John felt sick, he had essentially outted himself to his best mate in the kitchen, standing in his underwear with his ex- girlfriend in tears beside him. This was not going well.
John was embarrassed and Sherlock sympathised, it was shit to still be in, and he knew not everyone’s parents were as tolerant of their child’s sexuality as his was. If you could call indifference, tolerance, that is.
Christ he looked old, it was easy to see from here, the hair turned grey around the temples and sides, slicing through the layers of blond. There were creases around his eyes too, even worse than they had been before – how old was he now? Forty? Forty one?
The bar was still busy, as he fumbled around for some cash, a double or treble something or other, anything would do, the vodka shots in the flat seemed a world away.
He stepped into the common room, the outlines of chairs and tables barely visible in the last of the light from the glowing embers in the fireplace. John tip-toed on slippered feet towards the portrait hole, and almost stumbled backwards in surprise as the entrance creaked open to reveal a very dishevelled and dirty Sherlock.
“The first has a simple answer… we are no more alike than two strangers and ever have been… to the second, no we were never truly close, I annoyed him immeasurably as he told me so at every opportunity. But I was a precocious child, and only mama had any measure of control over me…so I see now that his words however harsh they had been, were fair. He valued honesty and integrity above all else and that was why my father could never accept his help, for he had none, and it shamed him, shamed us all in the end I suppose for it brought about our ruin”.
Tom said it would hurt a little, just at first and knowing no different I assumed this to be truth, but I could not bring myself to trouble John’s earnest face with the thought that his affections may cause me not the pleasure he sought to give, but pain. He looked into my eyes and I swear despite myself he saw the faint flicker of apprehension which I had tried so very hard to conceal.
He gave a rough bark of laughter that was equal parts surprise and delight to which Sherlock turned to peer at him, a slight frown marring his face.
He grouched and grumbled down the stairs, practising his ‘fuck off’ face for whoever had dared to interrupt his epic Sunday sulk. He undid the latch and angrily wrenched open the door.
John strolled in, shedding clothes as he came. “Come now”, he said, as his drawers slid down to the floor to reveal the strong, masculine planes of his body, fully naked and confident before me, “The water grows cold as you stand there and stare, you will look perfect as always and I shall be mad with jealousy before the night is out, for all those wishing to steal you from me”.
Mycroft paused, rubbing at a spot on his lower lip, a sure sign that he had reached the limits of his patience.
With every step towards their destination the landscape changed. Town houses and tree- lined avenues gave way to endless terraced rows, not a single house in the street the same, marking the passage of time and ownership. Smart boutiques and bijou coffee houses became greasy-spoon cafes and charity shops, shabby shop-fronts swirling with detritus as the wind whipped up yesterday’s news and discarded plastic carrier bags.
“Why ever would you want to stop her? Total obedience is rather overrated, and shouldn’t they be allowed to enjoy themselves too?”
“Perhaps one element was a little alarming in some respects but bravo brother dear, it is still completely in character”
He said nothing of which I wasn’t most painfully aware, but treading old ground was not my purpose and I tried again.
Sherlock uncurled his body and stretched out in the soft squishy bed. A delicious fire licked up in the grate, orange flames dancing as it warmed through the last of the chill from the night air.
“And I’m sure that he thinks that child…he may even mean it…for now”, his voice was soft and kind, full of regret and a sadness I could not comprehend. And where was Irene now? To bring her she must be a favourite of some sort, kept perhaps, under his care and protection as I was with John.
Stupidly, all he could think of to do was to state the obvious. There were no words for this thing that was happening right before his eyes. It had been too long, five years, which seemed like half a lifetime to him, just the remnants of a hazy dream floating on the edges of his consciousness, but it was useless to pretend he wasn’t tempted. It had always been John and it would never be over, not really.
“Something doesn’t feel right” Sherlock fidgeted at his side, tapping his fingers against his thighs and biting at his bottom lip. John had to remind himself not to stare at his mouth, this wasn’t the time or the place.
“Sherlock”, John said tenderly, “ Please tell me if I act out of turn…if this is abhorrent to you, and if that is the case we will not go on, we will have a merry celebration with the dearest of friends and speak no more on this”.
“Yes Sherlock, I want you” he murmured sleepily, bringing their entwined fingers up to his lips, and kissing them softly.
“Sherlock… did you mean it, back then…when you said you loved me? I mean, you weren’t just saying that so I would fuck you…forgive you for what you did…you know?”
part in this, not only in my own corruption, but that he himself was the engineer of his own son’s descent into imminent poverty? To leave without word of John was unthinkable now, and so I drew myself up to my fullest height and prepared to go into battle. “And I will leave sir, willingly, but first I wish to hear it from his own lips if I may.”
“Oh I think our Mr Hudson knew exactly who they were, they may even have been invited, and I think our two ladies know who they were too. Private area? Use your imagination John, this is a strip club and these girls are there to provide the ‘entertainment’, a few ‘optional extras’ so to speak?”
“Erm…really John…have you really thought this through?....I mean ….sex is….erm” he stuttered helplessly. John would wake up in the morning and regret this, he would hate him and it would ruin their friendship beyond repair.
John grinned back at him, pleased, and gestured for Sherlock to follow him in. They entered through open double doors of corrugated steel into the cluttered workshop space beyond. A tiny blue hatch-back sat jacked up on ramps bordering a deep yet narrow pit, the tyres of which were stacked off against the wall to one side. There was a strong, pervading smell of engine oil and petrol. Sherlock felt oddly light-headed from the imagined fumes and tried not to breathe too deeply. Various tools of which Sherlock couldn’t for the life of him put a name to, were scattered around the resulting carcass of metal like some bizarre frozen tableau, the players having recently stepped off-stage. They skirted around it, a circuitous route with Sherlock careful not to step on anything that might be valuable or important. John headed left toward a tiny, grubby office space, Sherlock nearly up on his heels. To call it a room might be going a little too far, he thought, when really it was little more than a cubby-hole tucked in the back with thin plywood walls inset with plexi-glass. It was as cold as the workshop, and the sole source of heat, from a small, three-bar heater set just inside the propped-open door, barely made a dent in it. An over large desk took up most of the remaining space inside and the over-flowing file cabinets on the back wall, the rest of it.  Every single surface was dulled with years of engine oil and dust, and the collective day-to-day grime tracked through from the workshop on hands and feet and clothes. Sherlock hovered by a pile of discarded engine parts and made a somewhat futile attempt to defy the laws of physics by somehow occupying negative space. Any sudden movement seemed likely to result in death or serious injury, or both. Maybe, he ought to hold his breath…
The noise Sherlock made was unholy as John’s made contact, feeling the heat and the weight of him, tasting salt and inhaling the scent of sweat and musk. God, it was addictive he thought, as his tongue snaked out to lick again from base to tip, bringing a hand into play to hold the shaft steady and tilt it down towards his open mouth. John worked on instinct and base need, as he wrapped his lips around Sherlock’s cock and sucked, swirling his tongue around to generate saliva, slurping greedily with no real goal in mind, just enough to have Sherlock’s dick in his mouth.
Sherlock, for his part genuinely loved it, but for both their sakes, opted not to gush about it out loud and thus reveal his admittedly, fast growing hideous John-crush. He tried a simple smile instead coupled with a quick nod of approval, which seemed all that was required of him, thank god.
John and Mike pushed through the exit barrier at New Cross Gate station followed closely by their three flatmates Bobby, Vince and Dan, all fellow first year Medicine students, all from widely different backgrounds. Bobby, the joker of the group was short and stocky with close cropped black hair and a wicked sense of humour, a typical Essex boy, the first in his family to make it to Uni. Vince was the resident posh git. Public school educated, plummy accent, tall and gangly, but keen to muck in and prove himself one of the lads. Dan was the quiet one, a sheltered only child from the Cumbrian lakes, a doctor’s son, expected to be a doctor in his turn. It could easily have been so much worse John thought. The early autumn air was already turning the evening cool and crisp as the daylight faded into night. They all followed behind Mike who was striding ahead confidently.
‘For now, and she will not go against him….I have an allowance, more enough to live on and some from my grandmother too, I would not have asked you to come away with me had it been otherwise’.
“When did you suddenly decide you were gay John? Was our relationship a joke to you, are you having a good laugh now, you and your little boy toy?”
“That’s not the point, it’s just a bit of fun, you know, something nice…and then you would have to insult the mother too”
John braced for the snarky come-back, or for Sherlock to get angry and defensive and storm off, but the expected tirade never came and Sherlock didn’t move. “Ah yes, that’s right,” Sherlock answered coolly, tapping his index finger against his full bottom lip in an uneven beat. “You saw all this while busy
She frowned, confused by my narrowed eyes and lack of response as my eyes swept around, not looking at the wares, but at the doors, a perplexing amount it seemed, for such a small room, six in all, and the pictures too, small and square, each set to the left of a door, all of uniform height and size, but different in appearance. There were trees on one, willow and birch, and another I observed showed a tight coil of sailors rope on a background of black silk. The rest I could not see well enough, but the design had neither logic nor aesthetic to recommend it.
He hesitated, then continued, “We thought we should at least wait to see that you came home safely, they sounded like dangerous people”
James picked himself up from where he was, still slumped against the locker where Sherlock had thrown him, rubbing his knuckles.
“Yeah, you’ve already made your opinion very clear mate”, Greg interjected, successfully nipping Sherlock’s stream of abuse in the bud, “Now bugger off, both of you, and go do what normal teenage boys do…for a change” Greg drew up by the kerb and gestured for them to leave, he looked at his watch with an impatient growl. John could sense the unspoken ‘what the hell does he mean by that?’ that radiated from Sherlock’s incredulous face, but he knew Greg probably meant something along the lines of X-Box, pizza and beer, three of the least likely things Sherlock would ever deign to engage in. But hey, he had mates more than willing to do that sort of thing and he much preferred Sherlock’s version of normal anyway.
I snatched my hand away then, in understanding of what was to come, “Did she go down?” I asked, hating myself for the way my voice shook.
He swallowed thickly and took another long pull on his bottle of water, wishing it was something stronger.
“Yes, we”, John answered, “He has heard tell that I have a new close acquaintance and wishes to meet with you also….Do not be concerned”, he said hurriedly, when I failed to school my features in time to something more unmoved, “He pulled this trick with Charles Worthington too. He only wishes to satisfy himself that you are not some corrupting influence, and then I can assure you he will let you alone”.
Sherlock thought he just looked so fierce and determined and just so fucking sexy that he needed to touch him now, and to hell with the rest of the guests.
My mistress declared herself not displeased only worried for my welfare when they discovered me alone in the parlour with my clothes in disarray, vowing that Mr Weston would never be permitted upon the premises again for treating me so roughly and rudely.
“I’m afraid so”, said Mycroft, “and they may want to discuss your other little injuries, I only think it fair to warn you, although I’m sure they’ve seen it all before”.
“Ten times?” John laughed hard, and drawing me closer to the window, pointed to a small card in a spidery script tucked into the velvet folds surrounding the instrument. “Three pounds?”, I gasped, “But an instrument by this maker would be worth at least twelve. They must not know what they have”.
John felt the weight of guilt, knowing that he would have been here sooner if he hadn’t gone off the deep-end nearly taking a swing at Victor without the evidence to back his accusation, just cold hard fury and hate.
“Have you been a good girl this year” he turned to Faye first “Yes Santy” she lisped. “And have you been a good little boy?” he turned to Billy too. “Ess Santa…I been very good”.
He tried to focus on the two figures approaching, Sebastian Moran and Philip Anderson, two sly and vindictive sixth-year Slytherin’s who would search for any excuse to cause trouble for Gryffindor. Seb was captain of their Quidditch team, and Anderson played seeker and the lengths they were willing to go to win the House cup knew no bounds.
“Not yours” (And not mine either, he added to himself. Not in that sense anyway, like he was a piece of property that they were declaring ownership over) “And he’s going home with me tonight”
“As I was saying” Sherlock continued, as he pushed his robes off his shoulders, letting them fall to the floor, the other layers followed soon after revealing acres of smooth white skin just begging to be marked “The hat told me I would be too much of a corrupting influence on the studious minds of Ravenclaw”, he shivered as John ran his hands up and down, exploring the warm soft skin beneath his eager fingertips “and besides that, my true destiny lay here, in Gryffindor” he arched his head back, melting under John’s touch.
“Yes, but sex with our clothes on…mostly….Do you really want her to imagine you’re some sort of innocent virgin John?”
“Well, everyone said it was the weed behind the Chem lab, but I think it was the threesome with the Head Boy and that French exchange student, Patrice or something wasn’t it Sherlock?”
Trent tutted as Sherlock struggled against his bulk. The guy had a 100lbs on him, easy, he was going nowhere.
Of Tom I saw little and sometimes not at all, as his services were much in demand for the gentlemen who shared such proclivities, those who found no pleasure in the soft, silken flesh of a woman, stirring only at the touch of a hard unyielding body and a long thick cock, of which I confess provoked the pulse of heated blood to course through my own veins at the thought. That I would join him soon enough I could not contemplate as yet.
And so he sat, legs out in front on the bed, crossed at the ankle, and Sherlock shuffled round to sit alongside, legs curled around again, facing him. John watched his mouth and Sherlock watched John’s face, and holding his gaze took another slow drag and gently leaned in. His left hand curled around the back of John’s neck to pull him forward until their lips touched. Sherlock exhaled gently into his mouth, and the sweet, heavy smoke curled and danced over his tongue.
“Only cause you love it like this you dirty bastard” John grunted in reply, as he grabbed his hip tighter to set up a pounding rhythm, so different from his first hesitant tries, growing in confidence with each and every fuck. Each thrust jerked them further up the bed, Sherlock helpless to prevent it, not that he would stop this even if he were able. Everything was John, inside him and around him, in his head and in his heart, and how could he ever have put that at risk for a cheap, drunk fumble.
It was the culmination of a week of scheming and plotting, and Sherlock had merely added his own fuel to the fire after his own little mid-week drama.
“Much as it pleases me to see you naked”, he said with a mouth full of crumbs, “I think we must for decency’s sake buy you more clothes. What say we go into town today and seek out a shirt or two and the rest, as there is nothing of mine that would be fit for you, and you do not have any spare” .
“What are you dealing with Detective Inspector, I wouldn’t expect to see you at an ordinary house fire?”
John just smiled at him again, and Sherlock couldn’t help noticing the cute little crinkles around his eyes.
“No” Sherlock dragged impatiently on John’s arm, not here, it’s a shit hole, I won’t be seen inside anywhere calling itself fucking ‘Tiger Tiger’”
My hands fell away to my sides and I felt him there, sweet breath against the back of my neck and an arm that curled lightly about the dip of my waist, drawing me gently to him.
“As are you”, he returned. The devilish smile that made my cock twitch played on his face as we stared at one another, inflamed by our daring and much as I wished to chastise, I could not, only wishing I were brave, so that I might take his mouth again.
The implication was clear, and John wondered just how many times Mycroft or Greg had stepped in or turned a blind eye to stop Sherlock being locked in a police cell. He wondered if Sherlock even knew himself.
A soft velvet voice chimed in his ear and a soft warm hand rested lightly on his arm, the sweet smell of jasmine scenting the air around him.
“You can’t say I didn’t warn you” Sherlock said, shoving him firmly through the open door into beery warmth.
God, what a bloody annoying little tosser, John thought as he thumped his hand against the wall in frustration.
‘I shall have you this day, but not here, not like this in so public a place’, he said again, but with no real spirit of resistance behind those words I pressed my advantage and ground against him a little harder this time. For myself, I did not give a care that we might be discovered, or cared not to give it thought, and even as John insisted that we part, still we rubbed ourselves together in such an obvious and vigorous way that no-one could mistake what we were about, fucking with our clothes on.
That was his fault, John had looked so delicious in just his pyjama trousers packing his things, bending over to pick things up off the floor and presenting his arse – how the hell was Sherlock supposed to ignore that? So the pants had come off, yanked down unceremoniously after an ambitious rugby-tackle, and he’d sucked him, then wanked over his chest, right there on the bedroom floor with John’s hands hovering uncertainly at the crown of his head, still wary of the neat row of stitches at the hairline.
John pulled off his kerchief and set to wiping at my brow and cheeks where the dust and dirt from the attic had streaked them, the white cloth quickly turned grey. He took his turn, folding the cloth and wetting it with spittle, what remained we both hoped that the darkness would conceal.
Shit, that was all he needed, fending of the advances of a load of posh birds who thought he was straight and there for the taking, happy to be seduced. He decided to set Sol straight.
I narrowed my eyes as he turned his body away. The clerks job existed, that much was true, we had talked of it only last night, but there was more to this tale that he sought to conceal from me. I put my papers aside, my attention fully fixed upon him.
Sherlock’s eyes darkened at these words, and he slowly reached out to cup John’s chin gently, running his thumb lightly over his bottom lip, studying every detail of his face, as if committing the whole to memory, he leant forward, mouth teasingly within reach until John, unable to hold back, ran the tip of his tongue along the seam until he parted his lips with a soft moan. Gruff voices sounded, close by, and he snatched his hand back, stepping away reluctantly, as the men came into view.
“You’re not doin’ no harm”, she had said, to calm my fears, “At least you’re not out getting some poor young girl with child, or spreading your muck around those Covent Garden whores…there’s not much harm you can do to each other now is there, what with you both havin’ the same bits an all”.
In answer, I closed the adjoining door behind me with a snap so that we both now stood in John’s much tidier room. “Out of sight out of mind” I said, and laughed at the lie behind those words.
I've fretted and faffed and fumbled my way through this chapter for fear nothing I could ever produce would be good enough. Series Four has put an end to all that. BBC Sherlock Reichenbached itself. It's up to us now fandom friends.
“I was thinking about how I want to fuck it actually…should I bend you over something or have you on your back”.
“Its fine, and yes, I’m sure.” Sherlock choked out the words, swallowing past the lump in his throat. His hair was a tangled mess anyway and after two hours sweating in the studio and then stuffed underneath a woollen hat outside, the damage was long since done. Feeling self-conscious, nonetheless, he turned his back first, dragged off the beanie and stuffed down it as far as it would go in his pocket. He pulled the helmet on. It was a snug fit which pressed into his temples like a vice.
“Will you not stay a while,” I asked. Tom shifted his gaze, no longer quite able to meet my eye. His fingers clutched tight to the brim of his hat. “I dearly wish it lad, but I’ll be missed at the house you see.”
“I didn’t require you to….I don’t need a babysitter….or some sort of ….bodyguard…John” Sherlock cut him down in those perfectly irritating, clipped tones.
“Jealous then are you? Did you get someone else to do it for you or were you hoping it would be me they twatted on the head, not him?”
Oh fuck…the bastard really meant it too. He stalked past with his nose in the air and flipped him off as he stomped up the stairs.
“Oh what a shame …..I haven’t got a thing to wear” he pulls them on anyway and stands up, staring at his reflection in the bedroom mirror.
“I do not know”, I answered with honesty, “As boys we would use it in games…so this Sherringford”, I said, turning to Lestrade, “You have found him? He lives?”
