that idea…
Tony came hard against his stomach, all the air leaving his body at the shock of it. It tore up through the tension in his back, breaking him into pieces as it shuddered through him, until there was nothing left of him - just this blinding, scalding pleasure he’d been swallowed up by.
“To me?” Tony raised his eyebrows, somewhere between amused and sceptical. Steve nodded, sadly.
And with that, Tony leant forward and pulled Steve into him – a little awkwardly, but neither of them cared. All that mattered was that Tony were right here, in his arms.
was leaving would get a better signal.
“Oh,” Tony laughed, nonchalantly. “It’s a remarkably boring story, actually. But the short version is that I was too stoned at the time to think of a good disguise - and then Bucky thought of a bad one,” he shrugged.
He really couldn’t start an entirely unrelated enquiry into his fathers personal life, right now-
Irritably, he forced himself up from the couch, his neck twinging in protest. His legs felt watery and weak, but that was only because he’d been sitting in the same position since he grew weary of pacing, somewhere around midnight.
“Okay. Do you still want to back up this research?” Steve asked.
He couldn’t risk a justified rant about how presumptuous and creepy and potentially dangerous this whole thing was, for fear of the deeply buried truths that may come pouring out after it…
“Oh, honey is fine,” Tony answered on autopilot. Like he was hitting snooze on an alarm. Pepper sighed, and went back to the preparing the tea, and Tony instantly fell back into his thoughts…
Even as he’d told himself that he couldn’t be held responsible for everything a person
he wasn’t allowed…
There would always be a Tony Stark who lived through all that pain and never got the ending he deserved. A man who was every bit as beautiful as the man Steve was looking at now… But different. Different even to the man that
, that I – That I didn’t think, after working with you for five years, that it was more likely that your judgement
Right now, Tony was in a rented bungalow, putting together phone-trees for any number of emergencies, and storing them somewhere that only he and Steve could reach them. He’d already organised SHIELD's entire archive by place, personnel, and project. He’d stayed up into the early hours, discussing every detail and theory and potential risk, coming up with possibilities that Steve never would have dreamed up…
Saying something about staying here for the next few hours, something about it probably being safer…
And then Tony pushing his finger into him, in one smooth, slippery movement.
“Okay, look, I know you don’t want to hurt either of us,” Steve said, edging forward as subtly as he could-
And then came the second wave; an awed sense of enlightenment that rolled through him, washing every other thought from his head as he realised…
… But a couple of glasses was enough to loosen Steve’s shoulders, and soak the sharp edges off of his excitement, and let him feel like he was joining in as Tony sipped his scotch.
“Steve,” he gasped, breaking the kiss to look up at him…
“Everything okay?” Tony asked, casually.
Steve felt Tony melt in his arms, his hands still gripping frantically at Steve’s hair even as the rest of him was overwhelmed. Steve barely broke the kiss as he laid Tony back into the sheets, lying on top of him, pining Tony between his legs. He felt Tony whimper softly against his mouth, a sharp tingle in his lips that set of a sudden flush of heat all over his skin-
“Good,” Bucky smiled, like he meant it, and made to walk to the elevator again. “See you Tuesday?”
“Your party is here from Terra, I understand? Or, Earth, I should say?” Freddie confirmed, in a softer tone.
“…You know, I think I’d really like that.” Steve carried on, “Just… talking
...But he couldn’t find the energy.
...That maybe he still owed himself more than that.
want to…”
As it turned out, it wasn’t only Steve who’d had his entire persona altered by fate this afternoon. While he had been laying the foundation stone of a nervous, sad and stoic identity, Nat had narrowly avoided a different foundation - entirely by chance.
“And I remember being suddenly confused about how IQ worked. Almost convincing myself that 200 was average, and trying to work it out from there – and then thinking,
And then Tony’s smile broke into a grin – which hit Steve in a far more basic, physical place than wherever those high-minded musings had come from.
“Shouldn’t you be getting ready for deployment?”
…And then there was that strange, new part of him. The little voice that whispered,
Immediately, Steve’s head swam - but only at the sheer thrill of it. The collar itself was comfortable, nowhere near tight enough to trouble his breathing, in and of itself-
As much of a plan as they were going to get, between them.
A beat too late, Tony realised how presumptive that was…
“So, how’re you feeling?” She asked, sinking into the couch opposite them. They shared an awkward look before Tony went to answer,
“So, are you going to see him again?” Nat questioned, as Steve was putting his food into the microwave. And, instinctively Steve knew – if he said yes, she’d want to know
And then huffed out a resigned little moan.
Vaguely, he considered that maybe this was exactly what he deserved. Karma, on behalf of all the people who’d ever tried to talk sense into him while he was drunk…
Steve found himself listing his blessings, in a futile attempt to fit them all in his head-
Well, that made a lot more sense.
A curiosity…
, than Tony had ever seen him…
he’d done it. He couldn’t imagine what on earth would possess him to do something like that, where it even come from. Why, of
Steve exhaled as subtly as he could, his fingers twitching against a desire to ball his hands into fists. And then Tony brushed a gentle touch over the side of Steve’s face.
, for, oh, almost as long as they’d been sitting there.
that. Or – no,
“…So why are you here?” Tony wished that hadn’t sounded quite so defensive… But Bucky didn’t seem to take it that way. He just smiled again.
Steve,” Tony begged, his voice high and needy.
Any minute now...
And Tony just hoped it showed on his face, how very much he’d like Steve to get into this… “They were talking about how we discourage other people from seeking such
Steve, having completely forgotten that there was anyone else there, let go of a frustrated sigh.
Steve wouldn’t have been able to get as lost in this moment, if Bucky had been standing next to him.
…And there was
- between gasps, and giggles – but then it was hopeless.
…That
“Well, there is that, yes.” He said, “And, you know, probably
“Tony are you sure you want this?” Steve pleaded.
If it helps, most of the drama has passed (and, crucially, it's finally dropped below 30°C in my living room....) and we're really quite close to the end now, so you shouldn't have to wait too much longer!
no right answer, that it wouldn’t feel better to talk.
Well, two shocks really.
“...If you wanted me to, I mean,” Tony clarified - at which point Steve broke out into a grin.
He could imagine Steve asking questions that weren’t cruel or personal. Actually listening to the answers.
He’d even convinced himself that it was objectively healthy. Making it so that he
And he could
“Of course not - they never tell me anything,” he replied, bitterly. Steve’s expression twisted in further outrage, a visible anger tensing under his shoulder blades…
He blinked a few times as the colours in the room came back into focus, and took a slow breath that was surprisingly refreshing…
So, Steve tilted his head up.
And then the door at the back of the room burst open, and all three of them flinched up to see Sam, storming across the office floor.
brown eyes. Reaching out to touch that perfect skin, just because he wanted to.
Whimpering impatiently, Tony forced his weight forward, doing his best to push his feet to the floor as additional leverage - and, of course, Steve went with it, just like Tony knew he would. He kept Tony held close to him as he took a step backwards, cradling him protectively as the two of them fell into the couch, pulling Tony into his lap. There was another curl of friction as Tony ground into him, hotter and tighter than before. It flared up and burned out into an ever deeper need, an urgent, compulsive desperation for
It was a perfect snapshot of Tony… His eyes wide and playful, his lips full and almost smiling, his whole body framed by sunlight like a halo…
But no, he had to flinch away from that too. And not because it was so awful to think of Tony being upset, like it
He grabbed Tony by the waist, pulling Tony into him as he thrust up against him,
we talked about all that?” And he looked to Steve for reassurance, waiting for Steve to smile, and nod, before he added “And, I don’t know – since we’re being honest with each other, I really don’t think this is
differently, his vision so focused and detailed that it made the world look entirely unfamiliar – like seeing through the eyes of a wild animal.
He knew that was significant too.
way to do it.
“Why?” Steve frowned at her, trying to sound concerned. Trying to think of what he would be thinking, if he didn’t already know why Zan was nervous “Is it dangerous?”
to do.
“Hey,” Bucky’s voice was soft and sleepy, almost slurring, as he walked into the gym.
And, to think, Steve had actually been vaguely impressed when he read that Tony Stark had unilaterally shut down Howards weapons business.
Steve had suddenly realised that he didn’t want to rush through all these details. That he wanted to touch every inch of Tony, that he wanted to indulge in him-
“You’ll never walk again, and still you don’t even
Yes, it was.
As he recognised that he
forget him, and therefore hope that Steve spent ten thousand years mourning forty - or was it worse to enter a relationship hoping that the other person can get over you without much trouble…
“Hi. You must be Adam.” He said, with mock-politeness. Adam just gave a stoic nod. “I’m Tony, this is Steve”
, the more he thought about it… And then Tony started giggling, which really didn’t help-
“Yeah,” Steve smiled.
Everything about Steve’s reaction to that felt wearily familiar. The stab of irrational anger, the petulant urge to snap,
“Better to be safe and get one then,” Tony frowned, turning his face back up to the ceiling again.
And then, at last, he opened the text message.
catch him – he put those impossible arms around him, and held him flush against that strong, solid chest, and
“I do - well, I know Steve,” Tony answers-
should be the first thing to make him feel better.
I’d thought that whole thing about Scott running around in my suit, before then. And, okay, mostly on nights when I was drunk and ranting in my head and not trying to be fair either, but still… I know, I
And then he drank, because that came next… because everyone else did…
He’d started the same way Steve had; by coming up with as many embarrassing, creepy things he would not want to say in front of Steve as possible. That had lasted a fair few hours.
“Well, I don’t really know
And Adam shuffled back from him, in a state of panic, his eyes wide and wet and fixed on Steve like an animal that doesn’t dare take its eyes off of a predator. Steve could
And Tony felt that stupid grin break out on his face, without warning and completely of its own accord. He turned away in a pointless attempt to hide it.
As his vision slowly cleared, he began to recognise individual elements of his surroundings. Exposed pipework and strip lighting… no windows… concrete walls…
? Because I… literally can’t remember if I knew that homosexuality wasn’t a crime by then – I think that’s about as much as I’d worked out. And you had a girlfriend, and I didn’t think you liked men, and I certainly didn’t think you liked
Tony – suffering in so many ways… Not now that he’d realised this deep and painful desire to
the hell have you been all day?” She demanded. “You just disappear,
“Yeah, me too, actually.” Tony agreed far too quickly “It’s been a really long day…” And they both pointedly did not look at the clock, because if they did they’d have to acknowledge that it was probably about nine thirty.
A reluctance to throw himself in harms way.
. Or,
“I can if it’s
he still the sort of person who would’ve chosen a perfectly tailored suit over a designer one, or who would’ve turned up to a business meeting in a Hawaiian shirt, or who wouldn’t be seen dead in ‘pleather’, or any of the things he’d been
Tony would become, when Steve spared him all those heartbreaks and traumas…
Oh, God, that was…
It was so strange - Steve was sure he’d spent the last twelve years of his life listing people he’d like to see again and landmarks he’d like to see as they were and long demolished places he’d like to visit one last time… Why couldn’t he think of any of them now?
He wasn’t going to start theorising about where it came from, or what else it might be like - not yet, anyway.
It wasn’t the sort of place he usually liked; usually, Bucky felt uncomfortable in fancy places like this. Not that he’d been to many… But on those rare occasions, he’d spent the entire time feeling anxious that he was about to spill something, and vaguely irritated by the pretension of it all, and generally wishing he could be anywhere else.
“I don’t… They’re just, slaves – I don’t know what you mean.” She frowned.
“And why won’t you just get gassed?” Natasha asked.
Something terrible had happened.
Part of it was just the abundance of emotion he was floating on - the overwhelming relief of having said it, the newfound joy at simply being alive, the visceral excitement at being this close to Tony Stark… Steve had the feeling that he would’ve wanted to laugh right now, whatever Tony’s reaction had been, just because he didn’t know what else to do with himself-
“I find it hard to believe that someone who can make an armoured sweatshirt can’t make a pasta sauce,” Steve commented, sceptically.
“Awful,” Tony grinned. “Frustrating, boring, outright infuriating in places…”
And he squeezed his eyes shut for a second, clearly trying
Or to give into that irrational and inappropriate urge to just fall into him…
“Hey. Yeah, I’m okay,” Bucky smiled, a little self-consciously. Almost shy. “And no, Steve isn’t here. Steve is at home, waiting to murder me when he finds out I came here.”
He was
“No, of course not,” Tony assured. “…It’s never a bad time, really.”
“I think maybe to begin with I just didn’t want to know,” he confessed, glancing down at his hands. “Not even because I thought it would be something bad. It’s just… right at the beginning, it seemed like there was so much shit to deal with… I don’t think I wanted to ask about
“Well, my arm’s
“Oh, Tony,” Steve whispered hungrily, as he dragged a slow, firm grip over the length of him. Tony screamed soundlessly, already chasing that aching friction, arching his back off of the mattress. Steve rolled his palm roughly over the head of Tony’s cock, sending another shock jolting up along Tony’s back.
And he’d grown to like her more as time went on… But whether that was because Nat had changed, or because he had, or because they just grew closer… he didn’t know.
That he knew Steve wasn’t
” Steve grinned.
to do – and I
He remembered that he needed to
be confident of myself, now – because I allowed myself to doubt, before. I let myself think all the things the average human must shield themselves from, and I considered
This might become the night he ruined everything.
been a week since Tony drank, and maybe it was getting to the stage where he couldn’t concentrate through his hunger any more than he’d be able to work through that high. And it wasn’t as though he could avoid the issue for much longer-
Steve to look shocked – offended even. For him to immediately reassure Tony that
feel… In a place I always assumed it would just be impossible for me to be…”
He still wasn’t sure how to act, or what to say, or how to handle all the things he hadn’t thought about.
“Oh-God-yes-please-yes,” Steve babbled, one hand flying to the back of Tony’s head, stroking in time with Tony’s short, sharp motions. Tony let both palms slide up along Steve’s legs, indulging himself in the dense muscle of Steve’s thighs as he sucked him, roughly. He could feel Steve’s cock throb fuller and thicker against his lips, the bitter taste of pre-come coating Tony’s tongue. “Jesus, Tony,
– and immediately he rushed to put his armour back up.
“Yeah, if you like” Tony breathed-
“Please Tony…”
That sharp, painful urgency,
...If it was an involuntary response to Steve deciding that he wanted
And with that, in the middle of all his aimless musings, Steve recognised that he could never really go
Open, and relaxed, and…
And it was nice that it just sounded
” Steve sobbed, subconsciously trying to roll his body up against Tony’s mouth. His balls tightened painfully, his cock weeping steadily against his skin – but that wasn’t the contact he wanted. Suddenly it felt as though his every sensation was centred right there beneath Tony’s lips. Waves of increasingly compulsive pleasure rolled through his body as Tony sucked harder at his skin, pulsing in him hotter and sharper-
So, why not?
A loud, metallic clang snapped Steve to attention, and he glanced up to find Clint standing next to the BBQ he’d just slammed shut.
, mean everything I said last night. I, uh, regret
Tony’s hand came to a confident rest on the sweep of Steve’s hip, his eyes settling and narrowing on one specific point.
Hope you enjoy the update :-D
And, like a great many things he’d been taught in the forties, Steve had come to recognise that all of that was total bullshit.
It was that instinctive, unspoken connection –
The way Steve kissed his cheek when he said goodbye, his hand always resting in that same spot on Tony’s hip…
…Not again.
-” Steve keened, a sharper sort of frustration in his voice. Tony could see the way Steve’s shoulders had started to tremble, the way he clawed at the sheets as he arched up off of the mattress.
“Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you,” Nick explained, still managing to sound as though he didn’t feel any need to explain himself. “He thought - we think - the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs.”
The wry crease of amusement above the Red Skulls eyes was the only indication that he was aware of their connection, and the utter absurdity of this moment.
Tony took a step away from him. He didn’t even mean to - it was just all too much.
so… I’m sorry that I believed you had
“Steve?” Tony pressed, standing right behind him now.
But… Interested, certainly…
“Somewhere to lock them up, some way to get them off the planet entirely – some way to knock them out safely, and somewhere to leave them, if there’s nothing else.” Steve suggested.
Because, if it weren’t for that artificial sense of security and that inappropriate serenity, he never would’ve accepted the
,” Tony retorted, gesturing very pointedly towards the door.
Steve waited until he was out of earshot before he allowed himself a sad sigh. He really hoped that things worked out differently for Selvig in this reality…
Or say something he would later regret. Something that would change their friendship forever-
Even standing a foot short of its direct glare, Tony felt the aura of it on his skin. The deep, baking warmth of the sun, so very close…
tell you that it’s the best food, and music, and entertainment that Bulsara has to offer-”
Ah. The time traveller’s dilemma.
drugs… the, uh, giggling, sex drugs they’ve been giving everyone – those are all going to be forced
“Did the Nazis win?” He interrupted her, speaking more forcefully now. Nat blinked, and shot Nick a concerned glance, before he answered him.
Jesse’s professional façade flickered only briefly, but still, Steve knew he was right.
come up. Tony wasn’t mad about The Accords. Their political difference of opinion didn’t underpin everything that had happened… or everything they’d built, last night… So, maybe Steve really
And… yeah. Steve
. And, yeah, I know, there are reasons, there was context – we’re ignoring that for now. It’s a fantasy. It’s one moment where, however unreasonable it’d be in real life, however unpopular this point of view, I get to say it my way. I get to say the context that everyone
So, Steve tilted his head up and kissed him again, feeling Tony’s smile melt against his lips.
2019 was a place Steve could visit any time he liked - a place where he had never asked himself these horrible questions or seen these impossible ideas.
He always knew when Bucky was telling a cover story.
A hot stab of blinding pleasure, an absolute onslaught of sensations all though his body,
he had any concerns about Tony picking Clint, they were purely practical – that it was only because he thought he had more chance of keeping Tony safe than Clint did…
And he glanced up at the door, and thought of Steve on the other side of it… pacing, probably…
finding that a little bit endearing.
“Rogers. I know Pepper told you all about it,” Tony bit out, suddenly feeling very exposed. Only just realising that he
this guy looked like Steve. His hair was longer than Steve’s was the last time Tony saw him, and he had a neat, dark stubble that was almost a beard - but still, the resemblance was startling.
see Tony flinch, he
And then slowly, it dawned on him.
Steve. The shameful anxiety that he felt, because he wasn’t doing that… The horrible dread that he
He’d gotten as far as being wondering what the fuel source was, and the rationale behind specific design choices - which is to say, completely distracted - when he heard Bucky clear his throat, reminding him of the question.
It was an especially important fraction of a second.
He took a slow, shaky breath.
“I did my absolute utmost to be honest with people – even in a world where no one knew me and it was so hard to be vulnerable and I had no idea what things I was supposed to say and which I was supposed to keep to myself. That’s not ‘who I am’, though. No, I
“I know, that sounds… horrible, but-”
happened, did you know it was Bucky – and
what I am. I am so fed up with people who
This might be the moment he finally caved.
Steve followed his movements so naturally, like they’d done this a thousand times before
“You would’ve been court-martialled for wearing your hair and tie like that in 1946,” Steve informed her. “And you wouldn’t have been wearing that particular bra in the 1940s.
“And I’m sorry I said that about you tearing the Avengers apart – I didn’t mean that. I don’t… even remember saying that, I know that sounds… Awful, but I just… I
Which would mean walking away from
have taken what they needed far sooner, if they’d been prepared to use force. They’ve put
He knew that it wasn’t on Tony to make this easier for him.
Oh, he…
from the basement”
“Hi,” Tony whispered back, lifting his head. And then, simply because he’d spent half an hour that afternoon thinking of how awful it would be if he never got to say it again, he added, “I love you so much.”
And then he felt Tony shake his other hand free, so that he could move closer and place it on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve was careful to be
the only cover this side of the horizon, so, what else do we have?”
him to do it, Tony had said no. And, strange and confusing though his impulse had been at the time, Tony was sure that a desire to protect Steve was at the heart of it. An understanding that Steve wasn’t ready, that it wouldn’t be good for him… and that was all that mattered.
“I think… Honestly, I think if you asked Steve what would make him happy, what he really cares about in life… I don’t know if he’d notice that I wasn’t even in the answer,” Tony said, and then pinched his features as though he’d bitten into something sour. “Which sounds more dramatic than I mean it to be… I just mean… I just mean, I don’t think there’s anything
So many different consequences - different fears, from different perspectives, that Steve was in no fit state to process-
“Well, does anyone want to go
“Tony, I-” Didn’t come out much louder. Easy to talk over.
trying to reach out to me, then.” Steve explained. “I actually thought… y’know, as hard as we both found it… that time, you
He looked back at Tony, and saw that familiar shyness in his eyes - and he knew, even before he asked,
Then Steve looked up again, and for a second it was just bright lights and shadows and the sound of his own heart pounding in his ears. And then slowly, his vision cleared.
And, now, Steve realised that something about his voice, and his shape, was familiar… Jimmie, Jesse, Jamie…something like that – the ‘marketing guy’ from Talleroy Communications.
“Well, now we need you to talk to
Tony was probably being kinder to Steve than he would usually, making more effort to keep the conversation going at an easy pace… And yet…
...And, if Tony could see the guards from this distance, then surely the guards could see
- nodded on auto-pilot.
“Or if, when you’d worked out what they were, the world didn’t immediately throw
furious at Howard - that he would never be able to confront him or yell at him or punch him in the fucking face for this…
“C’mon,” Tony smiled, giving Steve’s hand a gentle tug. “Let’s go and sit down.”
…He had to limit his vulnerability to sunlight.
city that he’d ever seen before…
“Okay, so, four weeks until Bucky is home,” Tony agreed, softly. And Steve was so overwhelmed with love for him, so elated to think that Tony was really
When Tony’s senses sharpened again, the first thing he recognised was a movement in the shadows.
A tug of anxiety ran through him, bunching his mood into conflicting clusters, allowing the day-time complications to start arguing in the gaps-
Until he could finally hear that little voice whispering, over the top of it.
He knew that Tony wanted him. He could see that Tony was being completely honest; he could feel it.
He wanted to ask…
“Okay, but, counter-point” Rhodey suggested, “What if it turns out that he
...The fantasies about Steve biting him-
“That sounds amazing, we should go and see that
change how angry he was, even retrospectively… But if Tony was perfectly honest with himself, it
And that literally did
He’d even not left himself a loophole or a grey area or so much as a few days breathing room-
come in their thousands, and they didn’t try to enslave us, and they only brought the weapons they had in the first place – but so what? Does that make it
sorry, but in answer to your earlier question - yeah, some things just slip out,” she replied nonchalantly, taking another sip of her own water. “And anyway, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but you
And he just couldn’t deal with this right now.
And then Siberia… and all the times he’d woken up gasping and grasping at his chest, never sure if he’d been dreaming about the bunker or if he’d regressed to nightmares about Afghanistan. Just that dull pain in his heart…
And then Tony pulled free in one smooth motion… and Steve’s head just
Steve felt himself pulling towards Tony in an entirely different way. An emotional longing, rather than a physical need – that urge throw your arms around someone in moments of joy and celebration, but so much stronger.
It never occurred to us that, just, ordinary people could go to work every day in places like that, that people would ever think that was okay. It was worse than when Hydra did it – although I don’t know why, really, because
And suddenly, Steve remembered that meant something, back in the reality he came from. That it was ‘a thing’.
“Are you okay?”
had actually been right, all this time-
The things that had undeniably happened didn’t fit with the world as Tony had always known it to be. The disgust he’d always felt didn’t work alongside this happy enlightenment he really
The now distinct part of him that
had reason to think of Captain America in the last few weeks. They’d reminded themselves what he looked like. They knew he was alive, and they were already searching for him.
kind, and brave, and selfless – more than anyone else on earth, more than you ever owed anyone, more than you promised. You deserve to be happy, Steve, more than anyone – and it’s
“Ah, but this is the thing –
And Tony knew that he shouldn’t think that way. That he’d had spent three whole days working out why he couldn’t think that way… But as soon as he saw Steve, all that carefully constructed context just fell apart. It was like waking up in the middle of a dream, unable to remember the logic of it.
“But the thing is,” Tony continued, tracing a fingertip over one of his scrawled equations “The science itself
...Because
That was awful, wasn’t it? Being glad that Tony was upset, watching it?
Steve to notice him was… well, laughable. Tony was basically all Steve ever talked about…
“Hey,” Steve answered, his voice just a bit tight. “Sorry, is this a bad time?”
. And Steve knew to hear,
The initial attraction might have been more powerful than anything Tony had ever known, and for all he knew it
He remembered a bottle of ‘water’ being handed to him from the shadows as he walked off stage. He remembered his relief, his immediate instinct to open it… Apparently louder and more pressing than any of his previous anxieties. He remembered that it was nice. That it made him feel better.
means that, if we make an attempt to take them down, it has to work – do you understand?” Steve added. And Zan gave a tiny little nod, in spite of herself.
“And – assuming it’s true – it’s also weird if Vanessa Lui has just left her twenty-year-old daughter to run her company for her.” Tony went on. Steve shot him a questioning look, and Tony sighed “And, yes, I did that too – but not because my parents thought it was a good idea. My parents- died-”
laugh any harder at that.
was certainly eager to get out of the conversation - more so than he’d been at the beginning of the meeting. Which was saying something.
“I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you, at the airport. I’m sorry I just told
“And, actually, while we’re giving you credit for being as smart as you are…” Tony breezed on, so naturally…
But this was what Steve thought.
Steve felt guilty for even thinking it… But, for the first hour at least, it had been…
, after that blow-
“Wait, you
The fact that Tony was asking his permission to…
His face creased in desperation, his lips full and pleading,
And, with that, he walked confidently over the railing, and beckoned them to follow. They glanced at one another again, and then Tony looked over to the external hard-drive he had plugged into the computer panel… still blinking patiently, as the download continued… The he turned back to Steve and shrugged.
That was all he was thinking about, all he was feeling, everything that he wanted, or needed, or that mattered in the world… Everything.
And the hot sweep of Tony’s tongue over his throat, the tingle of cool air left in its wake,
to control everything… It’s just that you’ve always felt responsible for everything. It’s different,” Tony sighed. “I think… Some people just know that they’re going to be judged by their intentions - and those don’t even have to be good. As long as they don’t mean to be bad, they’re off the hook. And those people always have
He just… couldn’t motivate himself through the immediate boredom of it. The topic didn’t catch his attention, so… Well, so what?
Yes, he knew there were all those questions still to answer, and all those future plans to get frustrated over, and past decisions to analyse again…
It had all sounded so measured and final when he was practising beforehand… and then it had come out hesitant and unsure and
There were the people who
Ever since that night with Steve, Tony had been so confused and conflicted and constricted. It had always seemed like there was so much context, so much worrying and repenting to do…
It was only when he heard himself say it that Steve realised how much it
“Oh, Fuck, yes-” Steve barked, his hips snapping upwards, his hand clawing at the back of Tony’s head.
“Especially if no one is actually making anything out of it.” Tony added.
Melting under him the way he had that night in the lounge,
And, honestly, it was the freedom to
But what if he
to say-
tried to think of everything. And I’ve worked with you for long enough that I should’ve given you that credit. And, it’s not like every safety feature in that suit isn’t there because of a time I
His little drug patch, being knocked free…
But now that he didn’t have to be afraid of that answer…
And it wasn’t that he thought Steve
He followed that instinct, letting the tip of his tongue trace over the line of Tony’s shoulder blade, biting hard enough to leave a dull indentation in his skin. Tony keened, his breathing growing sharper and sharper, until it fell in time with the frenetic rocking of his hips-
He raised his head again, thinking of the man behind that door as he promised,
“Fair enough,” Steve laughed, momentarily distracted by the feeling of getting away with something. Then he saw Bucky shoot his phone screen an incredulous look – he could only assume in response to a message from Sam – before he glanced up at Steve apologetically.
“I swear to you, I’ll never lie to you again,” Steve promised.
ZOLA KNOWS
“I know it’s a famous quote, and I don’t actually know who said it originally… I only know it because Peggy told me that, when I was a kid.”
And then Tony ran a fingertip over Steve’s throat.
quickly. A hot, nauseating shame that rolled through him along with the aftershocks – making it all one and the same thing.
He was about to lose the only thing he’d cared about in twenty years, and there was nothing he could do about it. There was no way to prepare himself for it, there would be no making it better once it happened – by working out where the problem was, ahead of schedule, he’d actually just brought that date forward. And there was no answer to any of that, either.
...It would mean never being able to help Steve, or comfort Steve.
And oh, Steve wished his heart hadn’t leapt like that. Or, even, if it had
was something separate, important… intimate. This was something they both had to be sure of – something they both had to
“I gotta be honest with you – this is the most sense you’ve made in twenty years,” Rhodey deadpanned. Or maybe he just meant it.
Tony had absolutely no fear that Steve had...
“No, not really.” Tony answered, honestly. “On this occasion, I don’t see anything the team or even the government could provide that’d be a better bet than us going in now. They don’t know what this special project is any more than we do, so they can’t provide us with any specific back up. They’re just as likely to make things worse – and I think they’d say that. I think if you gave any of them the facts, and asked them for the optimal solution, they’d say it was to get in as quickly and as quietly as they could, and find out as much as they could, before taking this thing down the best way they could. And that’s us going in now. So.”
The Tony Steve left in 2023 had been real, and he mattered, and Steve had loved him - and there was nothing he could do to bring that man back, or make amends for all the hurt he caused him.
thinking that, maybe, at the end of this… you’d have another friend that you could call, sometimes.”
Just kneeling,
Steve felt the blood rush to his face. He glanced down shyly, gesturing subtly with the case as he spoke.
could wield, as just one man.
Tony paused with Bucky’s sandwich still suspended an inch above the plate, an amazed smile growing on his face as Bucky finally broke into an all-out laugh.
that connection, I suppose,” he took a deep breath, and ran a hand over his face. “And I don’t know whether Talleroy’s interest in the serum, or any of the information they used to get to this stage, is based on what they’ve learned from Hydra – but that
To be honest, Steve had picked that request almost at random - because it was the first request he could think of that would work as a test. Something he was quite sure Nick would’ve refused under any other circumstances. Something that he could connect to Tony...
“I… I swear I don’t even remember…” Wesley replied - and he was probably telling the truth. But Tony still made the point of staring him down, until eventually he scrambled for more words. “I mean - I mean the people I owe money to aren’t exactly- I mean, I know some scary people. And these were the people above that, and they knew all about me, and, I just, I thought I’d better just keep my mouth shut and, you know, just hope it all went away…”
“...Well, are you okay?” Steve asked
It was like…being a body snatcher in his own body, like he was
Back then, Tony was worried that it would just be awkward and painful for months, that he’d have nothing to talk about, that he’d be permanently anxious about slipping up…
Steve’s stomach twisted at the immediate
…It felt like being reborn.
Steve would’ve liked to wonder about that – but as soon as he thought about texting his mind immediately went to the message burning in his pocket. Tony… Probably already lying on their bed…opening himself up for Steve-
self-indulgent, to ask Tony to listen to his explanations. He still couldn’t think of
And then he saw Rhodey’s double take, and recognised that had been a really random place to begin.
…Obadiah was an
side, no matter what – do you know that?”
“Captain!” One of the Rousseaus beamed, as he stepped forward to join the group.
happen. He’d made this up out of nothing, based purely on what he wanted, without a shred of actual evidence – with plenty of evidence that it was impossible, as a matter of fact.
it tasted okay - to him at least.
And then Tony led him into the living room, and the smile melted into a more general look of amazement as Steve took in the scene in front of him…
go back to when he was 27 years old - but in some ways, it was all too easy. Even now.
“You’ll give him an alibi, right?” Bucky finished for him. Tony pinched back a smile, and looked at the floor.
And Tony really hadn’t thought about it, until he made that joke.
“Oh, good. Yeah, let her in,” he waved, turning away from the cluttered desk and towards the elevator. His stomach clenched again, and Tony actually hissed at it under his breath,
“Well, for the first day or so, you’re unlikely to feel any effect at all, as it won’t have had time to build up in your system. After about a week, your body adapts to it, and you’re unlikely to notice the background effect at all – what’s interesting about the effect of the atmosphere is really how it interacts with other substances.”
Being able to do
“It’s… an Earth thing. It’s hard to – it’s not important.” He muttered, and then gave his head a little shake. “I’m sorry, ignore that completely, carry on.” Zan considered him for a moment. And then she continued.
are already the perfect cover for this one, Stark,” Nick grinned. “It’s not
It was a private stretch of beach, obviously – although, in all likelihood, they’d stay away from it anyway. For all Tony’s careful politicking, and all the diplomatic progress they were making, Steve and his team were still technically wanted criminals. Tony hadn’t received any written assurances on what would happen if any of them turned themselves in… or got spotted while walking along the ocean. So, even though Tony had booked the most remote location imaginable, even though they’d both gone to such lengths to cover their tracks, it was probably still sensible to stay in the villa for the week…
But there came a point.
it would be-
be running the government, as head of the family that saved Anni-Vara from alien invaders, and helped usher in a whole new era of development” Zan cut in, derisorily “Because she’s
“You know…” Steve spoke up, awkwardly. Tony blinked, still trying to focus when Steve carried on, “I mean, obviously, you don’t need my permission to fall asleep in your own house,” he gestured vaguely to their surroundings. “....But I mean, if you wanted to get some rest…”
what was going on. Someone who had been through it themselves.
“Er, well, I mean…I don’t…”
be lying about all of that… It was a useless observation, I’m sorry”
Whatever the reason, Bucky was very happy to spend the afternoon answering all of Tony’s questions about ‘the Mustard Incident.’
“Would a counter argument effect you, now?” Tony demanded suddenly, in a different voice entirely, before Adam could answer what Steve had said. And Adam just exhaled, softly.
Knowing that he could have it, that it
“Okay, so the rest of the building is being dosed with a very mild earth-based sedative, and… something else that’s mild, I don’t know – but, as a safeguard, if the drug-feed was ever cut, so that everyone doesn’t just crash out” Tony explained.
He considers space and time… and starts to wonder where he is, and how long he’s been here…
And Steve felt… a little afraid, maybe?
A little dip of disappointment, as he watched Tony take a steadying breath - like he was building himself up
And Tony had to pinch his lips together to keep from giggling – just because it sounded so dramatic. It was an entirely affectionate impulse, listening to Steve talk emotional nonsense while drunk, endeared at how sincerely he meant it in the moment.
me. You were just so…
“I’ve known you long enough to know when not to push it,” Bucky clarified, with a soft smile. “But, you know – that means I also have to know when it
He wanted to scream, and he wanted to stay quiet-
It was late afternoon by the time Steve had finished with his various photo ops and ‘networking meetings’ in DC. The adrenaline had gathered at an increasing rate as the itinerary dragged on, until his skin tingled, and his shoulders began to ache… Although, he had to admit, it was far more manageable than it had been.
think that’s a good question,” Sam asserted - and then cringed when he realised it hurt to raise his voice.
“Sort of,” he grinned. “Press conference.”
...Or if it was maybe that
to touch Tony like that…
“Well, think maybe just worse than that,” Tony suggested, “Like the Australian outback at noon on the hottest day of the year, or the middle of the Sahara desert – places you don’t get sent on missions, because they’re just too damn hot.”
Tony was just overwhelmed with love for him. It was like there was an orchestral flourish in his head, like a shimmering spotlight had just appeared on Steve’s glorious form. Such an intense and genuine affection that Tony couldn’t
“-but, yeah, it’s uh, my eating habits are pretty bad,” Tony manged to finish, through his giggles. And then he heard Steve take a sharp little breath-
been this happy, or this in love. There is no one else in the world as beautiful and brilliant and wonderful as you for anyone else to be this happy with, right now. And I know you don’t understand how I feel about you, and I know you don’t believe it, and I wish I could tell you but there just aren’t words…” Steve carried on babbling, like he was talking to himself, as he ran one palm down over Tony’s side in a firm caress-
And problems that weren’t worth dwelling on, because it was perfectly obvious that all of the potential research on this project was going to be in paper form. He already knew that no one would’ve digitized any of this information -
But Steve had never actually been worried about any of this.
God, that had seemed such a good idea a few hours ago. Now it made Tony’s whole being seize in terror, like some primal part of him was warning him,
Tony had time to process the news, long before they ever met. He would have had any immediate personal reactions in private. He had a chance to build his defences and put his mask up.
It did help, to clear the air and clarify the situation and cleanse the soul… Well, if it was done like this.
this house.
But then… Who knew which global players had been involved in founding The Facility in the first place? If the Adams had an army, and an advanced chemical research lab, and the resources to build a place like this and maintain this ludicrous cover, it stood to reason that they were backed by some fairly influential people. Not to mention the sheer percentage of earths collective wealth that currently considered it their personal vacation spot… They had no way to know how innocent the other guests were, or what strings they might pull to protect The Facility. If they did leave, and hand it over to the powers that be, and then politics stopped anything from happening… Or, if the Adams grew suspicious of them leaving so suddenly, especially so soon after a break-in… Or, even, if something terrible happened here in the meantime, while they were trying to convince people to act…
at around 4am every day for the last eight months. So.
All those years he’d spend dreaming of doting on Steve, thinking up ways to be nice to him, wishing he could take that pain away… He’d forgotten all that, since Siberia. But it had seemed so natural at one time, to respond to all the good in Steve with kindness and affection, to have fantasies that were uncompromised and without caveats and… just…
...He didn’t want to think about
wanted to apologise?” Steve blurted without thinking. Tony snorted a laugh.
Steve threw him an unimpressed glare. He’d spent the entire meal dodging increasingly enthusiastic recommendations from both Bucky and Sam, so far ‘missing out’ on ten courses of alien tapas - all of which were life-changingly amazing, apparently.
He always wanted to say no. He
His own cock throbbed petulantly, already missing the pressure of Tony up against him – but he
turned to face him...
And then he felt Tony looking at him.
this feeling…
And, in spite of everything, it was Steve he looked to first.
On any other night, Steve would have been habitually checking the exits and listening out for unusual noises, without even realising it. However familiar his surroundings, no matter how much he trusted the people he was with, there would still have been a little store of tension in his shoulders, just in case.
And that would be nice…
He wished this weren’t so sudden and violent, at least.
That expanding joy as he realised… all the things he would have wished for – all the things he
“Yeah?” Steve breathed, a swell of relief surging up from the core of him.
Which meant trawling through boxes of paperwork, without really knowing what he was looking for - only that, whatever it was, someone probably made a lot of effort to cover it up.
“Tony?” Steve found his voice, high and scared and pleading. Like a child. And Tony wanted so much to comfort him…
“And what does this one do?” Steve carried on, not really paying attention to his own conversation - but thinking it was nice that she took pride in her work.
“A daily catch up?” Steve repeated, meekly.
There was no fear of the responsibility, no shred of doubt that he could do this –
More real than anything Steve had ever experienced in his life. Free from the self-deception and prejudices and assumptions that were just the background noise of every moment. Free from the need for words, more than the social construct of language. Steve just
At last, the revelation dawned on him… That this wasn’t the same man he’d lost in that bunker, and that this story didn’t have to end the same way, and that…
It was partly that strange compulsion, which had only grown since he first laid eyes on Tony. That hyper awareness, that physical fixation - the first of the eerie, inhuman reactions, and the foundation of Steve’s fear of them.
He dropped his head again to kiss Steve’s chest, his hands still stroking slowly over his ribs.
“Well, you’re just going to have to trust us, he’s not a nice guy, and he has an interest in this place – one that probably doesn’t require keeping any of the people in it alive.” Steve short-handed, pretending to be impatient but professional.
overwhelmed by Steve or intimidated by Steve or completely lost around Steve…
And, maybe, if he hadn’t been so concerned with the pill he was going to be given later, he’d have paid more attention to the one he was taking now. But he barely noticed himself swallow it, in a single gulp, without water.
“…You can see why I thought you
And all he’d wanted was to run to Tony. It was all he’d ever want; he already knew that-
Oh, God, Steve
“What do you think?”
An unpleasant, unclean feeling crawled over his skin. A shadowy collection of ideas came together as one wave of anxiety in his head…
...That was the first thought that had calmed him down all week.
hate himself for that…
He didn’t even know what Steve’s blood tasted like-
Oh. So now it was going to be a
that my life was going to look different to everyone else’s…” he carried on. “But I
But, right
Tony barked, writhing up against his hand,
those the words for that sharp, bitter pain that crawled through him, when he remembered Steve walking away from him? Was that why he kept thinking back to the raft, and then immediately shaking the memory away, before he could really think about it?
was why he’d cried in anger at his fathers stupid putdowns, and lost so many nights sleep just thinking about his failings, and all those other things that seemed so nonsensical after they passed. But of course, it all made perfect sense when he felt like
And then, as he was about spiral into a full on freak out, he heard a sharp intake of breath from behind him-
Steve felt a bit self-conscious, suddenly second guessing his wording and unsure of the reaction he was expecting, even worried that he’d regret sharing something this personal.
This overwhelming, all-consuming need.
scared of them before,” Tony went back to his original question. “Why?”
“And you can’t mention this to anyone, not even the tech taking your blood. They can’t know what it’s for.”
...And yet nothing came to mind.
The exact shape of them, that warm, fluid strength that rolled under Steve’s skin…
going to make sense for as long as he focused on two random pieces from completely different parts of the picture – even if they
Tony paused mid motion, blinking as he repeated the question to himself
He wasn’t up to thinking any further through it. He could – and
Bucky was
And Tony smiled, thinking how true that was.
Tony waved the holograms closed out of habit, already shifting his weight to sprint out of the workshop again-
The real world suddenly reoccurred to him in a horrible rush. Tony realised that he had literally no memory of the walk to this room. He’d just floated here in a haze of shock, like his brain had taken one look at the utter shitshow he’d enacted and decided,
story in the comics.
It had all been leading here.
But still, Tony carried on staring at it, amazed. Mesmerised. He felt as though he’d just watched a physical impossibility, a
, and then a hot bite of pain just above his hip.
And Tony didn’t stop to ask himself if he’d heard that name before.
, bit…”
…He just didn’t know how to say that, without risking something he wanted even more.
For a second or two, Tony couldn’t answer him. But it wasn’t because he couldn’t think of a response, or even because he was worrying about the response he
A little voice whispered in Steve’s head, softer and kinder than his internal monologue had ever been,
The fact that everyone else thought his father sounded
made progress, since he was first rescued.
in love with Tony… Obviously. Steve understood that completely. He felt like he'd understood that for a while now…
Steve had managed to bring Tony to the one place in the universe that could possibly have made everything more awkward.
Tony for making him feel this way.
And, since there was no ‘flight’ for him to resort to…
He’d try to deny that later. He’d reword it and downplay it and try to bury it with other, more acceptable reasoning… But the fact was, in the moment, Steve’s first instinct was not to think about it-
Which did at least wake Tony up a bit, too. Enough for him to notice the uncomfortable frown on Steve’s face as he tried to place his surroundings, the way he leant awkwardly against the back of the bench, because, really, he just wanted to lie down again… Tony empathised with that feeling – he
intoxicating than anything else he’d ingested. It certainly hadn’t stopped him maintaining his bad mood, the way everything else conspired to… But he still wasn’t sure he felt ‘like himself’.
Tony forced himself to take a long, slow breath… and found he had to stop himself from panting-
a vampire thing, or just a Steve thing… It simply
He hated himself for ever questioning it, even for a moment…
He watched the way Tony’s eyes widened at that, the innocent, open hope, and wonder, and love that washed over that
And when he first woke up in the 21
And then he stepped back into the house and just slammed the door in Steve’s face.
“I know what you meant.”
“No, this is our villa now,” Tony informed him, with a smile.
to call The Avengers first” Steve whispered, his tone deliberate and careful – still cradling the side of Tony’s face, so softly…
The air in the room seemed heavier, like the sound of the door closing had echoed more slowly through the aftermath of that awful story. Tony swallowed down a sour taste of anger and shame, and he let it settle inside him. He let the vague sense of injustice concentrate itself into a sharp, hard determination. They’d stop this from happening. They had to.
He dismissed Vormir and New York before he’d even considered them. Too complicated. Too many thoughts that he wasn’t ready to process. Too many questions about what he’d even
that part. And… Okay, I
just thinking of keeping our family together, and…”
one - but that doesn’t mean they don’t mean it when they make that promise. That doesn’t mean they’d have walked away if they’d known. And even if it
And maybe he
“It won’t take me five minutes to get to him,” he said, his voice darker now. Barely his own. “If you don’t hear anything by then, you get in, and you get him out.”
like this with Tony…
Bucky breathes a smile, before he pinches his lips and nods.
And then Tony’s whole body was pressed to Steve’s back, the heat of his lips at the curve of Steve’s neck, and then the hint of his teeth…
again. Moments when he
Go to bed, while his head was still quiet enough that maybe –
Tony, meanwhile, was trying to re-piece their plan on the fly. Trying to remember what they’d come here for, why he’d wanted to speak to the staff-
tone of voice. His mind was still set to that worst-case-scenario mode, his body preemptively tensing toward action, as he opened the text.
A few loaded glances and a fundamental understanding of one another was enough for them to communicate their basic plan, all of which had taken maybe thirty seconds to decide between them, even without words.
It was probably the exact sound Steve would’ve made in any of Tony’s fantasies…
Pepper and Rhodey burst into shocked giggles, Rhodey spluttering into the waterglass he’d had pressed to his lips. Tony looked at Nat incredulously.
“Pretty sure the text is Middle English. At a glance, it looks like a reference book of some description…”
Somewhere, he was already facing the temptation to throw all of his careful planning to the wind - to just break into wherever Bucky was, and slaughter anyone who stood in between them.
Tony’s heart skip a beat, just there, under his tongue...
. Tony couldn’t even bring himself to wonder what Rhodey’s reaction would be. He couldn’t bear to picture Rhodey’s face, or guess what thoughts might run though his head… Tony couldn’t stand the idea of crushing Rhodey’s faith in him like that.
He was so overwhelmed by the desire to bundle Tony up against his chest that he couldn’t believe he’d ever felt any other way about him…
And even
But he was excited.
And Steve had to really concentrate, to think what they had scheduled for tomorrow. He only made the effort because he thought it might be
Something in the softness of his tone then made Steve pause.
“...Lunch,” Tony decided, out of nowhere.
trust him again. I don’t think anyone said that to Bruce. I don’t suppose Pepper or Rhodey said it to Tony, when he lied to them about his Palladium poisoning, or the fact that he was still building suits. I don’t think he ever told
conversation, in which he could answer as many questions as he had to ask. A conversation he felt a part of, rather than a spectator to. Something that felt
Tony may even have enjoyed it
But he couldn’t tell if it felt like Steve was hurt, or lost, or nervous, or in some sort of trouble. He didn’t know whether this meant that Steve had just had a heart attack, or if he was just
it hit him.
And his attempts to put them in order, and actually think them through, obviously weren’t working.
brave, and kind, and loving, and possessed of an innate desire to do good, to do better – a desire that had been there even before he was Iron Man. Tony Stark had always been that person, or else the ordeal he’d been through in Afghanistan would’ve broken him. Open heart surgery in a cave can’t bring out qualities that weren’t in there anyway. That creativity. That determination. That indomitability.
...Things
Steve’s stomach tightened at that, his shoulders tensing just slightly at the sound of those words. There was the shadow of a memory – the sound of people screaming, and the smell of smoke.
lead him to hurt Steve, however strongly they tied Tony to him-
had convinced my Dad to start a
...He started thinking about Tony.
“Well, I’m
“Where is this place? What are we doing?” Tony demanded, in an urgent tone that jarred sharply with the mood. Everyone flinched to a halt and turned to face him-
earth people who care about that stuff, who wouldn’t just stand by and let it happen. We’re here because we chose to be.”
Like Steve could still feel the shock of it, the echo of that sudden,
wish I knew whether she was on our side, before I make this choice.”
since Sunday School in the 1920s.
Oh, God, he had to stop with this.
“Happy birthday,” he smiled.
What Steve had already given him was powerful enough to overcome everything – even the absence of Steve.
“I don’t know,” Steve surrendered, finally meeting Tony’s eye-
But, even if Nat
Tony frowned thoughtfully. For the first time, it occurred to him that there were distinct parts to this…
There was nothing this was remotely like, no point of reference… there was no way this could be described with words that had been used to talk about other things…
Steve paused, his fork halfway to his mouth.
it felt to be pressed against Steve’s chest-
And, God, Tony wanted him.
And then there was the faintest little buzz of a text arriving.
He just took it.
tired. He literally couldn’t remember the last time he slept, and he felt like his head had run a million miles since yesterday, and he’d given two and a half litres of blood this morning.
“Enjoy your evening.”
The question blindsided Steve somewhat.
It was deeper than any of these individual memories he was now seeing anew, it was more than any of these singular points-
hurt to think of Tony being with anyone else. It wouldn’t have, a few months ago – even though Steve was already in love with him by then. It might not have hurt last week. But since the night they’d spent together, and everything Steve had worked out afterwards… yeah, the thought of Tony kissing someone else made Steve’s heart clench, now.
a bed, like, a mile up the beach…” he cast a glance at the window, huffing petulantly as he visualised the journey. And then let his head fall back, and closed his eyes again. “...Just give me a minute…”
, his hips jerking upwards as he forced his cock into Tony, filling him completely with one sudden, sharp thrust.
. So, yeah, we’re probably about to get a heavy dose of all of that, all at once… along with the drugs we were just gassed with… which are, um, woozy making…” Tony managed. And Steve heard all the words… and he tried to process that information – and in the end he just filed it away for later. Because, right now, he had to say-
Steve had never looked lovelier-
“I don’t - I’m - I didn’t-” he stammered, fighting so many conflicting thoughts when all he wanted was to give in to that one unmistakable feeling.
“What?” Tony cut in abruptly.
The rough growl in Steve’s voice as he’d whispered,
Jarring to a sudden stop, as the restraints pulled him back.
the thing I really regret. That I always regretted, even at the time. I hate that I hurt you, and I’d do anything to take it back. But it wasn’t that I didn’t care about hurting you – it wasn’t that I didn’t like you, or that I didn’t trust you, or that I thought anything was more important than you…” another step forward, so that he was standing just a few feet away from him. “It’s just that I was still hoping I wouldn’t have to choose, that I could make it so that
He heard Steve let go of a little gasp, as he recognised how strong Tony’s grip was, how confidently he was moving now…
And Steve knew him in an instant.
Even though Tony thought… he
he looked.
“...Like eating a flower,” Steve conceded, as the slightly bitter taste of it spread over his tongue.
And keeping in mind everything he’d already learned.
His eyes heavy and dark, fixed hungrily on Steve-
The initial awkwardness had faded in as short a time as it took Tony to become fully engrossed in his work. And then there had been those few hours, gone far too quickly, in which Steve had been able to just sit and watch him work… Like he used to, before. And yes, it was searingly painful, and there were moments when Steve really feared he might tear up, or that Tony might glance up and see exactly how bittersweet this moment was for Steve… But it was also wonderful. And Steve just wished so much-
said I wasn’t scared, or angry, or human. Other people said that for me. I didn’t say anything. I was just there, being scared and doing it anyway. Being angry and still not doing it. Being human and just trying my best to be more than that. So, actually, I
“I didn’t say that,” Steve corrected. Tony paused, and caught Steve’s eye in a questioning expression,
And then Tony rocked his hips into him, sending a sharp friction tearing through his oversensitive body. Steve groaned and bucked against it, his hands sliding down to grab Tony by the hips-
thinking about how not to hurt you, how to keep you out of it, how to protect you from the consequences of it, how to make sure I had everything together when I – I know I made all the wrong choices, and it’s so obvious now and I feel ridiculous saying any of this, and I don’t expect you to believe me, I just…”
He clawed his way into Steve’s embrace, kissing him hungrily, his low moaning muffled against Steve’s lips. One hand found its own way under the back of Steve’s shirt as Tony instinctively sought out more of him, his mind running ahead to ideas of pushing Steve down on the couch and tearing that T-shirt off of him and running his palms over those beautiful shoulders-
Of course, he
done something terrible. And I do think about it, sometimes, what would have happened if you hadn’t stopped me… And, since we’ve been here at least, I’ve thought about how…
And, seeing as Steve
And then Steve’s fingertips digging hard into his skin, as he buried himself into Tony, panting his name over and over as he came.
Steve’s balls clenched uncomfortably, jarring against the heady satisfaction he’d almost slipped into.
But he hadn’t even considered the possibility that Tony Stark might be
“Okay, no one is denying that you’re a total clusterfuck of a person,” Rhodey delivered it completely straight, which made Tony laugh again. “But liking someone because they’re pretty is not the reason. I know it’s been a while since you met any, but
But, for the longest time, he’d thought that there was as much about these ideas that he actively didn’t like. Somewhere along the line he’d gotten it into his head that being dominant meant being cold, or degrading, or even cruel. That being submissive would naturally mean accepting humiliation and pain.
But I very much hope you enjoy it, anyway!
But knowing that Steve loved him
Oh, there were just
Had Tony just been shocked and insulted and embarrassed on Steve’s behalf, was
Dazed,
Steve held still inside him the entire him, his fingers flexing gently against Tony’s him as he moaned and pleaded his way through his orgasm. Tony had no idea how long it was, before the intensity of it began to dissolve into shivers, and then simmer into a low, pulsing satisfaction.
it’s not really Tony she’s mad at, and that it’s a dick move to bring it up right now. Go on, I dare you.”
, you should do something about it.”
us?” Steve yelped, incredulously.
His head fell forward, his body softening in Steve’s hands, his thighs burning where Steve had bruised them and his throat raw from screaming and his eyes stinging with tears-
“So, in no particular order, the tasks we have before us,” he announced, bringing up a holographic display of a neat, bullet pointed list. “Write the computer virus. Which, okay, I’m guessing is mainly on me - and shouldn’t be too much of a problem, even if there are a lot of very specific specifics to work in… But anyway, there’s that. We also have to figure out
How did that happen?
Ah… That rang a bell…
“Of course, I do,” Steve managed eventually. “Tony, that’s… I… I don’t know what to…” But Tony just shook his head, kindly.
to say it.” He smiled, knowingly. And Tony raised his eyebrows, and smiled back,
Nothing really.
“Hey,” Tony called out to him before he’d even rounded the corner, apparently alerted by the sound of his voice. Steve found him sitting on the floor of the workshop next to an open file box, surrounded by a messy spray of papers. There were another two boxes sitting behind him, one of which was already sealed, and behind that about twenty more of them piled into a neat-ish wall. Steve smiled, harmlessly intrigued.
He didn’t dare think about what Steve was leading up to – even though, clearly, some part of him had already worked it out-
him investigating Steve. He’d been very strict with himself about that.
By the time Steve had drunk the water that Tony brought for him, and taken the bath that Tony had run for him, and wrapped himself in the blanket that Tony had given him, the sun was already shining brightly in a clear blue sky. Tony had offered to pull the curtains for him, but Steve found that he rather liked looking out at the view - and hadn’t thought any more about it than that. He’d simply been lying in Tony’s lap, gazing out over the hills while Tony played with his hair, for almost an hour now…
And Tony
with someone, on top of everything else…
thought was an entirely appropriate level of anxiety, actually.
Steve’s hunger, his pleasure, his need-
this feeling; whether he was anxious or confused or hurt or angry…
time, and we might come up against things I’m not prepared for… But I want to be as prepared as I
was the point.
It didn’t erase the anxiety completely, of course. The hollow metallic clang of the doors still echoed in Steve’s memory, the smell of damp concrete was still closing in on him… But it helped to have Tony’s interested expression to distract him.
He was indulging himself as much as Steve now, shifting so that he could take Steve deeper, wanting to feel Steve’s cock slide into his throat
Somewhere, Tony recognised that impulse to
He didn’t know it at the time, but that may have been the moment he decided. The moment of blinding clarity in which he realised that this group of people would really never come together as a team again - and not just because of the layers of trauma and unresolved anger and interwoven mistakes that they would always be trying not to argue about.
But… Steve smiled again.
But it was no use.
. Wonder if he would say it to you, if you ever
He could
And now there was Tony, looking at him without any of the frustration that Steve had expected - with a
Great.
Steve literally jumped to his feet, shuddering under the strength of his own discomfort-
And then she was handing him a little paper cup, and a bottle of water… He didn’t even know where she’d produced those
Oh, well, that probably explained the subtle way Natasha checked at least three different concealed comms devices, before she plastered an actress's smile on her face and let herself into Tony’s house…
“Why, where are you going?”
as fluidly as it had been…
“Thank you,” he said again, with forced politeness. At last the agent managed a shy smile, blushing as he nodded a goodbye. And then he shuffled off, awkwardly - already feeling for his phone in his pocket, planning the ‘I met Captain America’ group text that he was going to send.
Usually, there were all sorts of horrible consequences and compromises left in the wake of his worse experiences… But there was nothing left to panic about, this time. No reason to swallow down his emotions, no ongoing catastrophe he had to focus on. There had been no terrible consequences, no loss. There was nothing for him to sit there and grieve, no unanswerable questions of how he was going to carry on.
sincere, when he responded,
Steve ducked his head, and Tony couldn’t tell if he was trying really hard not to laugh, or just cringing very hard.
want to excuse his mistakes with his intentions… because he’d never been able to explain why he thought it mattered… Because he’d been raised in an era of stoic Generals and Politicians and Founding Members saying,
Then he considered just not replying at all – especially as his exhaustion was closing in on him at a rapidly increasing pace. He knew Rhodey wouldn’t take it personally. Probably wouldn’t think anything of it…
But then Steve looked up at Bucky, and saw that he was joking.
And it was Bucky’s tone that made Steve’s blood run cold, even before he’d processed what Bucky had said.
“I love you too.”
that Tony could literally feel under his lips.
Of course, he had been every bit as frustrated as Steve for the last two days, and he was still agitatedly counting the minutes until he could be with him -
It was the place they’d shared their first kiss, the place where they first said
He could guess some of the things that Steve was thinking, right now.
Well… that part of things, at least.
“I, uh, finally got my shit together and I told Steve I love him,” Tony confessed. The pleasant blush deepened as he saw Rhodey’s eyes flash with a childish excitement.
He didn’t care.
“No, a meeting I was hoping they wouldn’t need me for,” Steve sighed.
always been the warm, uncomplicated feeling of love that it was now…
Whatever it was, he’d just have to let it come to him….
as though he’d die without Steve - what if one day they simply
“It’s called beer fear” Tony smiled “You didn’t get that, when you were drinking before the serum?” And Tony saw a little memory flicker behind Steve’s eyes, and the ghost of a smile.
“So… Can I come over?”
was a good feeling… wasn’t it?
” Steve saw the way Tony’s attention kept catching on the collar, he could feel the intention coiled in Tony’s muscles as he writhed against him-
This wasn’t the measured excitement Tony had planned for.
“Morning.”
initial stab of hurt.
was donating their blood… Could it really be so much worse if it was me rather than someone else?”
Steve didn’t even hear her speak, he was so shocked and appalled - his ears were literally ringing. A cushion of dazed numbness swelled up in his head, like an airbag. And then he remembered a throw away comment that Tony had once made about nightmares…
. That all of his desire and urgency came direct from how much he loved him. That no one else could have met this need in Tony – no one else could have inspired it. Steve could
“You say that like it’s a good thing,” Steve muttered, cutting the engine.
other people. I mean, just that. And
“Don’t worry, everyone does that when they walk into one of these” Tony sang, as he strolled past him. “I mean,
And Tony
…And really, who cared what bullshit Ross came out with, or how long it took politicians to get to the point?
“I just don’t want to lose you,” he admitted, getting right to the heart of it. “And I wish… Honestly, I wish these epiphanies could be cleaner. I wish some of this stuff could just…
But he’d been dutifully slogging through the details for nearly three weeks now, and the initial novelty had long since worn off. Any vague ideas he’d had about finding some deep, spiritual meaning had been smothered several data tables ago. Besides the ever-dwindling hope that he might yet stumble across something enlightening, Steve couldn’t really claim to care about it.
your fault, and it’s not the end of the world – and I forgive you.”
Steve say them,
different, looking at them. The rows of flowers seemed more intricate and delicate and colourful to him now… like he was finally seeing the details beneath the blanket impression he’d had of an
Was as far as he got with question one.
Well, that sounded terrible.
he was asking you about it?” He demanded, his voice darker now. Tony did his best to swallow the heat that was trying to rise up in his chest.
amazing about everything... And none of that is anything to do with me liking you, or me wanting this. It’s not like I only wanted you because of what happened last night - I meant all of that. I wanted you anyway…”
But when he thought of Asgard, the emotional weight felt distant to him… Simpler. More familiar. Steve found that he could still think of a great historical tragedy with the same hypothetical sadness that he always had.
“I said I was sorry,” Bucky groaned – and then he corrected himself in the exact tone Steve had just used, “Wait, no I didn’t. I’m
beautiful,” Steve murmured close, his hands stroking firmly over Tony’s ribs. Tony could feel the excitement still coiled in Steve’s muscles.
for Steve, that same feeling that had consumed him the morning after…
“Hey, you nearly ready?” Tony called, from the living room.
And he saw Steve try to smile, a little shake of his head and the slightest shrug of his shoulders –
was that Tony was miserable. It was the obvious answer to Bucky’s question. The only answer to his question. The trouble was, Steve couldn’t possibly hope to explain it to Bucky without sharing the details of Tony’s trauma… and Steve didn’t feel like he had the permission or the right to do that.
The point was, he already knew that fucking Bucky wasn’t going to make this go away-
Tony was trying not to throw up.
He wondered, mindlessly, how long it had been since he had a
That was all he had, all there was, and it was going to be agony when it wasn’t enough… but he’d done it. He’d given up on everything, and now, as well as feeling miserable and guilty, he did at least feel completely and totally spent…
And Steve literally screamed inside his own head. It was a total fluke that he didn’t do it out loud.
And she paused.
“Well, something’s up with you,” Bucky observed, as they stepped into the workshop.
The air in the room changed.
(See the end of the chapter for
But lying awake all night and fretting over Tony was just
he was even more scared of having to talk himself out of it.
That first kiss was soft, and chaste – like it really might’ve been a simple New Year’s kiss. Tony felt the same little flutter of excitement in his stomach as he’d always felt whenever Steve touched him. A pure, almost innocent joy in the
“So, what
...And he couldn’t be bothered to think about it.
It didn’t occur to him to wonder whether this was a good idea.
Oh, they were obviously going to ask-
But Bucky just sighed.
- I-” was eventually broken off into a sharp cry, as Tony spread him open, and ran the flat of his tongue over his hole.
Tony never said they should never break the rules – only that it would be better to have them. To try to follow them as best they could. To have an official, codified system to judge them, something they could defend themselves to, rather than trial by press every time.
“And you think you’d be able to tell?” Bucky asked, squinting at a sting of alien hieroglyphs on the wall.
Of course, he didn’t get to make that choice. His mind kept going back to that cabin in Canada, dragging all of his other thoughts with it.
And Steve sobbed again, his chest shaking with the force of it now.
most beautiful man he had ever seen in his life… He hadn’t felt anything like this in over two decades. And yet, for just a minute, it felt so natural and so familiar and so much, that he almost forgot that he was fundamentally separate from all this-
to take them out, and even one of them realises too soon – then it may be that something happens to you anyway. To all of you.”
And almost failed to recognise Dr Stape for the second time in one day.
“You recently sent an item to a small media company by that name,” JARVIS reminded him, “an SLR digital camera, sent as a replacement, as I understand it…”
Because he thought he’d always have time.
occur to him before… Exactly
“Still not used to that?” Tony enquired, with a playful edge on his voice that struck Steve as somewhat hopeful-
He could see the air around his mouth fogging up as his breathing came back to him too rapidly, his heart beating too hard against his ribs…
“Well, this is surreal,” he said, eventually. Steve smiled, shyly.
Which is probably the exact look that crossed Steve’s face, when he realised that Tony had been crying.
“What
And then Tony looked up, and their eyes met, and for a second Tony thought he might be crushed under the sheer weight of this moment.
He thought of Steve,
“Yeah, okay…” Bucky muttered, straightening his shoulders in that way Steve knew only too well. “You’re going in the ball pit-”
happens, to
No. Actually. It
” He switched abruptly to a loud, theatrical voice, suddenly talking just to the left of Steve-
made a mistake, for me to be good enough. Especially not for the likes of
too familiar way…
’ thing where… I was so desperate to
With that in mind, he refocused himself on what he was really here to do. As subtly as he could, he looked to make sure that no one was watching him…
Now, formal events were no more alien to him than any party he could have gone to - in fact, if anything, they were the events least changed by the march of time.
For a moment, Tony didn’t care that the rest of his life was going up in smoke.
It took Tony a few seconds to focus on the text, his eyes were so weary by now. A message from Rhodey, sent from halfway around the world:
He didn’t have to plan safe conversation topics, or make up answers to Tony’s questions…
And Tony could feel it in that pause. That same do-or-die determination that got Captain America through the end of the world so many times. That simple, indomitable willingness to try. Tony
“And I don’t know if I’m scared that, actually, the whole of existence
But Steve
Steve huffed a laugh at that… and only then did Tony realise where Steve was going with this. He shifted, so that he could sit himself up a little and fix Steve with a questioning look.
The compulsive, teasing friction which wasn’t enough to do anything but torture him-
This little interaction was a perfect analogy for that void Steve still felt, that specific sadness that seemed to soak
“And if I tell you this isn’t working out, you’re just going to have to take my word for it,” Tony added, more sternly. “If it turns out that this just…
And he knew, when he got to it, it was going to be something… good…
!” She shouted, as though it should’ve been obvious “And my Mum is
his friend, why their estrangement was nothing like that-
That was reassuring.
And Tony felt the realisation settle in. A cold, sinking sort of resignation, as it dawned on him… He knew exactly what had to happen now. The few, frenetic thoughts that followed were more him coming to terms with the idea than coming up with it.
the focus? Just not what was important, so decrees Steve Rogers.”
Steve rubbed his palms across the fabric of the couch again.
“I don’t even know.”
This was fundamentally different to the sort of fear that he could step away from, out on the battlefield. More real than even the panic that’d gripped him as he crashed that plane… Maybe it was simply that he’d
, rare human being, still trying so hard and caring so much, in spite of everything.
And, Jesus, Steve loved him
“What if I asked to see the records from Operation Rebirth?” He asked, deliberately softening his voice and adopting a less combative stance.
It was a miracle that it hadn’t
fulfilment-
to hear that…
And Steve was very glad that Tony was still averting his gaze, while he was doing his little double take.
“What’s that? What happened?”
For there to be
The background noise had fallen away now. There was no room left to wonder if he was a terrible person, or the relative wrongs at play… or even what was about to happen…
But… Okay,
He knew what Tony meant.
me do the same, martyr yourself and ask me to play along with this idea you’ve talked yourself into, that you don’t
And Tony knew that wasn’t really
“Hm?” He asked, lifting his head enough to look at him.
“But I don’t claim to know her, because she did one stupid, cruel, unnecessary thing,” Steve breathed, with a tad more control. “For all I know, it was most out of character and she feels terrible for it. Maybe she thought about it afterwards and resolved never to spy on a dying civilian ever again. That’s not really my business.”
that to be true, so I guess that… guilt, and, denial is part of it… But, it’s also true that… I didn’t know how to answer you. Because, when we’d just watched that tape, it was like you were asking, did you know
And Steve softened back into his seat, allowing himself a genuine smile - because, yeah, he knew exactly what Tony meant.
About Bucky, in general.
to ignore the little flicker of defensiveness. He tried to talk himself out of being hurt, like an aunt trying to contain an argument at a family wedding,
“Lots of reasons,” Steve sighed. “Some of it I don’t know
Steve repeated, sitting himself up a little. Tony met his eye again.
“So, are you going to tell me about it then?” Rhodey demanded, like he could read Tony’s mind. Tony screwed his face up and shook his head.
Although, only part of that was a lie – they really
Pepper laughed, dropping her eyes briefly to mask the fact that even she wasn’t immune to shyness-
“I have
“We’re stranded on an alien planet where the air is drugging us, with no real idea what the fuck we’re here for, and no control over what the fuck we’re doing,” he huffed, indignantly. And then the stubborn expression folded into a sullen grimace, before he fell into the seat behind him, and covered his face with his hands. “Oh… He hates me,” he groaned.
“But… Neither of us know what…
, there is nothing wrong with being nuts,” Tony said, quite seriously. “...I use words like that to take the fear out of it, and I suppose I shouldn’t, really… Because it makes it sound like I’m not being sincere, and I am. There
And, now that Steve was allowing those excited, impatient daydreams of the future, he couldn’t protect himself from the voices that were inextricably wrapped up with them-
“You’ve got a…” He muttered gently, gesturing to her cheek – before reaching forward as though to brush a hair from her face. She didn’t even think to move away, before she was overcome by the sedative.
The impromptu celebration for the newest Avengers at the end of their training, that ended up running long into the evening… The moment that Tony sidled up beside Steve and jokingly asked how it felt to be the dad of the group, and all Steve cared about was the fact that Tony had sought him out for a private conversation - that it felt like the two of them were part of something, separate to anything else...
, as Steve panted and writhed against him and pulled at his hair. Tony just carried on that same measured, careful pace, inch by inch over Steve’s stomach, as his hands stroked more roughly over his sides.
hard not to laugh…?” Steve realised, suddenly.
“It’s not the same thing.”
to do for you, and it’s important that you keep that in mind.” She assured him. And Tony just found himself nodding…
” He felt Steve’s fingers hit his prostate, every nerve in his body lighting up, and then every sensation being dragged down through him, concentrating in his hips, this compulsive, wonderful hunger for more-
And Tony
“Oh, hey – didn’t expect to see you here,” he said, automatically. The breakroom was generally deserted after six in the evening, when everyone migrated up to the bar… Had they been waiting for him?
Steve let go of a soft, pleading sigh, leaning into Tony, his hand melting closer to him, like he was desperately offering himself up – but he knew he couldn’t push forward and take.
of everything...Or everything looked different… Or something…
And then, as he started the engine, JARVIS piped up over the speakers,
...And, even though he
“And I
wasn’t the drugs either.
Tony breathed a little laugh… and glanced down at the gauntlet…
there was the question of whether Steve was good for him. Whether he deserved any sort of relationship with Tony, whether what they did to each other was too harmful to continue with. Whether they were just too different to each other, if their disagreements and disappointments were symbolic of some more fundamental incompatibility – even if that wasn’t anyone’s fault. Whether Tony would always be the person chasing, never the equal partner, destined to be hurt time and again. Whether Tony should cut all ties and just move on with his life, for himself.
the key issue right now-
He could force himself back into the ‘real world’, with its norms and values and concepts of acceptable behaviour - he could make himself confront what had just happened, and all the reasons it was strange…
But that voice is still there.
Of course, it was only now that Steve recognised
“Okay, so, do you want to spend a fun packed day going through the employee files we do have, and trying to plan our escape routes?” Tony suggested with comedic enthusiasm.
Steve frowned at the flowerpot in his hand. He had the feeling that something about that would be interesting later, when he was up to it…
anyone else’s plan, I didn’t try to stop anyone
Things Tony was still sure didn’t fit with being an immortal, blood-drinking, fairy monster, things that didn’t even fit with the emotional wreck he’d been all day… and yet there it was.
And he realised.
“Oh, don’t worry, everything at The Facility is a secret.” She slurred, dramatically. “I mean, you know who I am, right?” And, now that she said it, he did. Vanessa Liu, CEO of VelSec Communications – he’d actually met her before, very briefly, years ago. A no nonsense businesswoman who was surprisingly softly spoken in real life-
Tony felt sick just the same way now. A sickness that seemed to move up into his chest, burning his throat…
thing he was mindful of, when he and Steve were together…
“Okay, then… We need to start with everything you know about that bunker, and those super soldiers… And…” The focused expression flickered briefly, his bottom lip pulling between his teeth as he considered his next question. “And we’re going to have to work out what we’re going to do about them. I mean, if we’re going to try to arrest them, or…”
The ideas that went through his head in that moment.
chance of Tony convincing himself otherwise, he had a single-minded time traveller on hand to warn him of exactly what would happen if he kept secrets from loved ones.
And then he heard Steve hum a happy smile.
. The ideas just tripped through Steve’s head, one to the next, light and easy and intriguing. Trying to quiet them in the early hours felt more like resisting temptation than calming anxiety. And, just for once, there were nice details and positive interpretations and reasons to hope-
That he was
, today I looked at you and thought,
he was also a little bit drunk now – because, wow, that shot really had been strong.
And, for a few minutes, it worked. Steve was able to put all his excess energy and all his tension into the physical exertion of it, focusing his entire being into those simple, brutal motions. He listened to the rhythm of his heart, and his revelled in the pure relief of his breathing, and he let his mind run away from him in the same way as his body. The background noise faded; the resistance melted away. He let those ideas and memories flow through him, as he let that force run up his back and through his arms,
dangerous, but still compelling. A danger Steve wanted to walk toward, that it felt
Tony grabbed at Steve’s t-shirt, his fingers curling into the fabric. And Steve stopped, and then sat back and smiled – and shrugged his way free of his shirt. And Tony just put his hands on him. There was no command from his brain, no connecting processes… Just that beautiful body, and that desperate desire to touch it, and then that perfect skin under Tony’s palms… Tony ran his hands over every inch of him, indulging in him in the most basic way. And when Steve went back to reaching over his head, Tony took the opportunity to touch more of him, grabbing at his ass before it apparently occurred to him to unbutton Steve’s jeans and tug them over his hips-
voice. “
But the trouble was, even though he knew this approach couldn’t possibly achieve anything, it was still the only option he could bring himself to take right now.
Steve had lied to him.
“Well, I mostly spoke to Barnes” Tony shrugged – fighting that same urge to smile. “I don’t know, he seems nice. Quiet, and not-nosy, which, you know, are qualities I value… I think he’s actually scared to death of this problem, I think it creeps him out. Which I get, so, mainly I feel sorry for him.”
. Undemanding and unconstrained, free of expectation and full of potential-
sacrificed herself to make this whole thing possible, and she didn’t have to be dragged kicking and screaming into this fight - she’d already given everything to running the Avengers, for five of the worst years of anyone's life. And now you’re talking like Tony’s the one not getting enough attention, and telling
Which meant he should probably plan some sort of deflection, for when one of them made a sober attempt to bring this up later-
But not because he was
fix. Something he could lay out and plan, without having to ask himself what it meant or if it mattered or if he should be doing something else first-
, and I-”
It was the things he’d chosen not to say. That was the real issue here.
“Huh?” Tony shouted - because, by now, they were actually moving amongst quite a crowd.
But he had to say
Vision,” Steve told her, bluntly. “And you tried to stop him, if you remember rightly. Vision would have died in his cradle, if it had been up to you.”
Just because…
Tony didn’t know how to be appropriately overwhelmed by that, at the moment.
It took all the air out of his body, it physically
“Oh, no – it’s all covered by the original price.” She beamed “So, you know, if
, that there was literally no way for Tony to forcibly take control of him like this. Just as he knew that he couldn’t surrender like this if Tony weren’t able and willing to take care of him. This reaction simply wouldn’t happen,
That there was no end to this list of overwhelming ideas, much less any chance to process them.
He looked over to the side table, and got his first real look at them - at least eighteen long stemmed imperial roses, in a familiar shade of deep crimson… and tied with a gold ribbon.
which door to go through –
Tony felt the others shifting, and exchanging confused glances with one another. He kept his eyes locked on Scaramouche as he considered everything that he’d just heard…
this,” he paused to smile at his former self, thinking how relieved and happy he’d have been, at
this Tony Stark thing had gone beyond being boring for Bucky and well into being embarrassing for him. He even knew what Bucky was going to say back. But… it was driving him mad. Steve didn’t know
“Yeah, me too” Steve breathed… and a thought occurred to him – so, he just said that, too.
...He
And apparently Steve’s arms heard that before he did – because suddenly, his hands were just all over Tony.
used to be a resort. I think Zan’s family have been doing research here for years – or at least, making these drugs for years…”
...And, anyway, the time for thoughts like that had passed.
don’t do this to me Tony,
“So… Now what?” He sighed, mainly talking to himself.
different…
, now…he
“Adam’s research team worked with the local population, to produce drugs that were effective on humans – some recreational, some medicinal. And all initial trials here on New Eden were phenomenally successful, in both categories, and Adam was hugely optimistic when he brought the final products back to earth.” Dramatic pause. “Where they had no effect what-so-ever”
...But it
“Oh, apparently she’s got dark hair and is
die for you, Tony”
And Steve knew that he couldn’t ‘
arrive.
… Maybe it’d be a good idea to know more about them…”
Until eventually some minor observation about the art work had snagged Steve’s attention.
And Bucky remembers that.
you found out…” But he could tell that - quite understandably - Tony wasn’t taking anything else in.
. He placed it against Steve’s arm, pushing Steve’s wrist against his lips as he sucked harder-
He was
it. That he’d woken up feeling rested and relaxed, that he was
And took another mouthful.
that Tony could see, there where Obie would have been, Steve’s voice that whispered,
Which was obviously far better than thinking he’d imagined the whole thing.
Every nerve lit up as Steve so effortlessly positioned him, that quiet power throbbing gently under his hands.
sorry for what happened to him, and I don’t know why I-”
Tony even tried thinking back to the bunker. To the moments
And then he snuggled back against Steve’s chest, thinking that this was as good a place as any to run through the rest of the evening.
Not an efficient use of time.
ready to go.”
The idea of Steve
He knew it wasn’t something terrible he’d forgotten, or a subconscious sign that the world was in danger. He knew he wasn’t teetering on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
So helpless – so out of options.
Really, this should be the easy part. After twenty pages of dry research data, this section of the folder at least had
And now, once again, he felt as though he was sitting amongst strangers, surrounded by people who’d lived through a different history to him. Again, he was enduring the most powerful grief he’d ever known. This should have been a perfect allegory for that first meal they shared as a team - if they’d
He just instinctively knew that it wasn’t for Steve to seal this wound.
He had worked himself into quite a temper when he got to knocking on Steve’s front door-
stuff you’re mad about, stuff I’ve not brought up yet – you can tell me” He breathed.
“I’m sorry about Peggy” Tony answered – which caught Steve a little off guard, somewhat. And then Tony saw his face, and shook his head, and added “Sorry, that probably sounded… random – there was a link in my head, I swear. Well. Just that… I didn’t really know how to say that at the time, either. I remember thinking,
He was so ready to fall-
that my blood would be really good, for transfusions and stuff, seeing as it’s perfectly healthy and all – but Nick seemed to think it was a really bad idea.”
“Why’re you in such a hurry, anyway?” Tony asked, raising an eyebrow.
And he directed his final point right at Steve.
” Tony cut in. “He thinks he’s cute.”
reaction so much - the idea of how well it fit with everything he wanted for Steve...
And then Tony glanced away, the smile melting into something more like bashful, that look on his face like he should be blushing.
, which Steve had felt to varying degrees, since they arrived at The Facility – some of which he was only just beginning to recognise. An irritability that simmered or flared, a light-headedness that waxed and waned, a sudden passion that would spike seemingly from nowhere. Those strange moments of mental calm, or mental absence, or whatever it was that lead him to just blurt out whatever he was thinking. That night he had just felt typically, familiarly
“And I have no idea where the others are,” Bucky shrugged. Tony groaned, and screwed his face up.
The searing bite of Steve pushing past his rim, the slow, crawling heat of Steve filing him up.
And then he watched, in slow motion, as Tony flashed an empty smile and made to lead Steve past the photographer with that same easy confidence-
? You never said, why bother sitting yourself up, if you still need a nurse to do everything else for you, or whatever. So, do you not think, maybe it’s worth just doing a fun thing, however small, just cos it’s
It was
Was he suddenly ashamed to have been so spiteful and simplistic in his view of Captain America - and therefore everything he represented?
still 2019, that that would be the calendar they were using, would it matter? Was that interpretation even
And then he looked up at Steve again.
that’s stopped you being anxious about
cried.
That his flyer was getting wet.
Although… yeah, that would hurt… Steve had just recognised that it
And then, just as he was scrabbling for a comment about the mission, he noticed a flurry of movement out of the corner of his eye. He looked up in time to see a woman in an evening dress go to stumble by him, and then turn to say something to the man behind her – and lose her footing-
a beautiful man, of course, and also much bigger in real life… But looking at him just didn’t have the same bodily impact on Tony. Maybe it was because Barnes did at least look like his photographs…
?” Tony reminded her, and she sighed, defeated.
thinking about it when it started working, to take everything for granted and simply fall into it…
Steve had no choice about it, anyway.
There was a flash of concern behind Steve’s eyes, but he followed Tony over to the couch before he asked,
Tony felt an inch of relief, even though he had no idea what it was for. Just the vague memory that they’d been worried about that, and the general feeling that it had been assuaged…
He watched Tony glance at the cabinet. And then he saw Tony swallow,
additional provisions.”
And Tony laughed affectionately when he saw just how quickly Steve had thrown the door open, which meant his face was lit up with that warm happiness when Steve first saw him, his eyes shining and a hint of a blush over his cheekbones-
“And I know it was important, to acknowledge everything we’ve lost, but, y’know, I think it’s just as important to acknowledge what we achieved,” Scott continued, settling into his own voice. “I mean, against all odds, we managed to fix this thing…”
Once again, my apologies that this update comes so late on a Monday - on this occasion, it is because it was my birthday last week (along with Cap 😊) and my family managed to turn a small afternoon get together into four days worth of drama... Although I am happy to say that it did all come off well eventually, and also that I'm FINALLY back on schedule with everything 😊
He thought of Steve as he sank his teeth into it, his whole being already tensed in an effort to concentrate. Bracing for the flood of excitement, the overabundance of sensory input. Already warning himself
But it hadn’t, then.
And Tony realised that he didn’t
annoyed him,
… Which came right up against a much more natural instinct,
And cried.
Steve thought. And said nothing.
Century earth, in any case. And Steve knew from experience – it was hard to keep up a conversation with a modern-day human, unless you were one.
New Eden experience, remember – the people here have always considered
...It was that easy confidence he was hoping to shatter.
And then, of course, whatever little detail he’d been thinking about would suddenly seem completely unimportant, and he’d feel ridiculous for trying to be sensible about anything, when clearly they were so far beyond it now-
And Steve came,
that isn’t true. The sheer amount of tech and weaponry I’d be able to bring is enough on its own. And the thing is, Steve…” And then he softened into that more personal tone again, dropping his eyes as he added, “I don’t want to lose
“Uh, one moment…” She mused. Tony could hear her frowning as she searched for the details. “Oh, okay… So, I can’t find any more information listed on the internal system, but Captain Rogers has a note on his desk planner, Meeting Talleroy Communications, 12:30 ‘til 2:30.”
things I wish I’d done, ways I still know I could be better. I have trouble talking and I
,” Tony barked, loud enough that they probably heard it in the hall. Writhing up as much as Steve’s grip would let him, his breaths coming harsh and shallow as Steve’s movements became rougher, and faster..
Shorter notes this time! But, a purely practical note - yes, I've altered canon here and had Steve give Sam the shield *before* he leaves for the past. There is no 'old Steve' in this story - BECAUSE I MAINTAIN THAT IT MAKES NO SENSE!
, I’m attempting to design, program and integrate a secondary spinal cord? Well, no, that’s not a good metaphor-”
And Steve couldn’t believe just how much
“Fifty-two seconds, sir,” JARVIS replied, dryly.
An almighty blow that shook the chains in their foundations, a jarring screech of tortured metal-
His breath audibly trembled as he glanced up at Tony again - and found the slightest hint of a questioning expression, beneath his cool exterior. A simple human nervousness, as he waited to make sure that Steve liked his gift-
had been wrong.
dangers to any of the drugs we offer. We’ve done extensive testing for that, and all of these people are exactly the same, physiologically, as they were when they joined us. But, of course, there are other considerations. People who have been
… to remember not to… do
Tony tried to think of what time he’d woken up that morning… and all he could remember was that he’d woken up in a bed still warm on Steve’s side, and the dawning realisation that everything had changed.
Lovelier than he’d ever been, even in Steve’s imagination. His eyes shone even brighter than they usually did, and his lips were fuller, and his skin practically
wouldn’t have grabbed Tony’s attention in this way. The official investigations, and the Varian legal proceedings, were really just another project to be worked on – probably among the least frustrating issues that the team had to deal with, day-to-day.
But that whole… side of things, felt like something Steve wanted to keep for himself. Something he couldn’t explain properly, and therefore didn’t want to be out there at all.
It just
“I’ve missed you too,” Steve replied, reaching out to take Tony’s hand. His stomach dipped again when he felt the
anyone even bothered looking into what happened to ‘Howard Potts’, they would simply discover the employee record of a man who looked nothing like Steve, and find that all surveillance footage of his shift had miraculously failed to record in the first place –
He remembered Bucky’s tortured scream. He thought of all the horrible things that Hydra had so callously forced him to do, without a second thought, without a care in the world…
I found that out, did we?” And Tony shook his head. And Steve took a deep breath, and thought about how to explain it succinctly. “You remember me telling you about how Zola told me all about the Hydra occupation of SHIELD, with his little presentation, on his… digital tape brain?” He asked, and Tony nodded. “Well, when he was saying all that, Nat said something like, it isn’t possible, SHIELD would’ve stopped you doing this. And
to the first timeline.
know. All the potential ways they could plan this. What would happen if they acted – what would happen if they didn’t.
The guy actually went limp with fear, the colour visibly running from his skin. Tony could hear his heart beating.
of the existential questions fighting for dominance in his head?
A good old-fashioned Earth based sedative, this time. A little something that Tony had thrown together from the leftovers of his chemistry experiment, from a formula he’d learned a very long time ago. It knocked Maribelle out cold within a second of Steve putting the cloth to her face, and she just slumped as a dead weight into the wall behind her. Steve guided her gently to a sitting position on the floor, checking her pulse and her breathing before he stood up again. Then he gave Tony a little nod. She wouldn’t wake up again for at least six hours. Even if someone found her, and even if they assumed anything more than a medical problem, they wouldn’t be able to get any details out of her.
And Steve was just overwhelmed with such a feeling of
His answer to everything.
been hurt, and he probably would’ve yelled…
Tony look at him.
“…But?” Steve prompted. Wishing it hadn’t sounded so needy…
Until he saw the way Steve’s eyes had caught on the arc reactor. Tony
it. He loved being able to run through that list and tick every one of them off, the happy shiver that ran through him with everything he never had to be scared of again. Now he could consciously appreciate
time to push it, too.”
He hated himself for
“You’re immortal?” He gasped, recognising at once that it would change everything…
There was no more to it than that - just that whip crack of feral outrage, and then the drive to
“Your mom wasn’t a good cook?” He asked, sounding vaguely surprised.
Nick swallowed hard, almost hovering on the spot, he was so tense. It took him three attempts to finally force the words out.
wanted to see Tony again.
And now was
it to break-
And Steve saw the deep breath Tony took before he made his next point - however casual he tried to make it sound.
“Maybe I could’ve just shut up, and stopped thinking about myself, and just said what you needed to hear. And you know what, I actually
thing that’s a big deal. Everything else heals extra fast, but sun damage? Even a slight pinking of the skin can hang around for months, or leave a scar-”
And then Tony was just standing there in the living room, listening to the dull thrum of the water on the other side of that door… and this odd sort of… feeling of
what he was supposed to be doing, and why…
put aside the personal, emotional stuff between he and Tony – with the complete intention of talking about it when they got home, of course – and decide to behave professionally. He could decide not to even think about the more difficult issues until he could be sure he was in his right mind – until he could be sure they wouldn’t be ambushed because he was busy crushing on Tony Stark.
And then Tony took Steve’s arm and moved it, effortlessly, pulling Steve’s hand towards him.
…So, even the war room wasn’t a total reprieve from his issues.
...Something he should probably investigate more fully, some other time.
So, he took the time to think back over everything.
“Do you just
And it wasn’t that Tony thought that Steve really felt it… he wasn’t thinking about what existed, outside of this moment. If he had, he probably still would’ve thought that Steve was just playing along… but it wouldn’t have occurred to him to question why Steve would do that. How Steve would know to do this so perfectly…
He even made a few of his own phone calls, these days.
The sudden swell of inexplicable enthusiasm was almost enough to just push that question over Steve’s lips – but, thankfully, Tony carried on before Steve could manage it.
He blushed deeper, and pulled the note out of his pocket.
That was it.
himself do that. He could force some sort of progress, if he was sitting there and learning things.
all these things of you. And that I never once thought about what it would be like, not really, that I didn’t-”
“Not my plan,” Wanda corrected. “I never put any plan into his head - it’s a pretty big leap from telling someone they’re not doing enough, to them making an evil sentient android.”
to leave him. That this was still part of the ridiculous mindset he’d subjected Steve to for the last few weeks-
Which he just about managed to swallow before Tony could look up at him.
Tony set his teeth and swallowed hard – more out of habit than anything. His body braced for the onslaught of revulsion and shame, already gearing himself up to push through it-
And just as he came to this conclusion, Tony recognised the blanket that he’d thrown onto the floor when he woke up – or, rather, he remembered that it hadn’t been there, when he fell asleep. He… resented that, mainly. Probably. He couldn’t risk thinking about it.
Which wasn’t to say that any of the other stuff had suddenly become any less complicated. Steve still hadn’t really processed the fact that he’d fallen in love, or the fact that he’d had sex with someone that wasn’t Bucky, or the fact that any of that had happened with
It was only when he heard her mention Ambience that Steve realised he’d missed a whole chunk of her induction speech, while he was trying not to think of Tony tied to a bed…
this.
And then an unbearable guilt and grief hit him like a wall of water, as he finally realised what that meant for
, entirely empty. It was smaller than the other rooms they’d been in, and might’ve looked like a padded cell, if it weren’t so elaborately designed. As it was, the walls, floors and ceilings were covered in a fine, embroidered silk, the raised bench that lined the wall draped with luxury fabrics.
would’ve meant a problem.
before I, because when I
He was just so entirely confident that the world was a wonderful, optimistic,
“Transfer complete,” Steve beamed.
What burned brightest, as Coulson casually let himself into Tony’s home, was a sense of the unfairness in this - how obvious the parallels were, and how blindingly irritating it was that no one else saw them.
Steve exhaled heavily. “Look, I
thought of it that way, before?”
And he remembered Tony looking up at him, his skin still warm from the sunlight.
It wasn’t like this, back in the forties. Back when Steve still had a real life, when there was still the chance of an exciting encounter with someone. The USO girls that he’d shared one special night with, or the women he had fleeting romances with while the Commandos were camped out in little French villages, or the men he stole illicit moments with in dark alleys. Moments when Steve had felt like a sexual being, and not just someone completing the function of sex. Moments when Steve wanted, and felt wanted. Moments he felt
“Even though neither of us knows what’s going to happen?” Steve pressed, in a pleading tone. “Even if it means you end up changing, or if I’m immortal-”
And the guy put himself in front of him-
Steve knew a version of these people once - but they’d all moved out of his life and gone their separate ways, and crossed paths with him again years later… as different people. Parallel versions of themselves.
Tony had been staring at him for hours by then, threading his fingers through Steve’s hair, occasionally whispering endearments and promises, even though he knew Steve couldn’t hear him.
Those same flawless golden-brown eyes that had captivated Steve the very first time he saw Tony, the same alertness and quickness that had infuriated him and overwhelmed him in equal measure -
And then, before Steve could kiss him again, he caught a glimpse of Tony looking up at him.
But Rhodey stepped into the workshop before Tony could finish the thought – and immediately paused in alarm.
have let them all go, if it weren’t for that. And, as much as it sucked, as unfair as it seemed – he couldn’t really hold any of them responsible for just not liking him. Especially by 4am, when he’d realised how unlikeable he really was.
And Steve was used to people taking an interest in his love life – Natasha asked for a post-mortem every time he talked to anyone new, and Sam had a seemingly endless list of single people to wax lyrical about, whenever they went out for drinks – so it didn’t occur to him to wonder why Tony wanted to know. He just answered.
His hands sliding over Steve’s hips, and caressing over his thighs, pulling the fabric of Steve’s pants hard over the outline of his cock.
And then realised what Tony
“No,” Steve replied mindlessly.
“Yeah, I was tempted,” he muttered, self-consciously. “But, you know, what with all the time and effort you just put into fixing his arm, it seemed kinda rude to tear it off and beat him to death with it.”
And that he couldn’t take it back. He couldn’t
it necessarily mean he’d done something unethical, simply because he wouldn’t have admitted it to Thor? Did he have to accept that everyone else’s emotional reactions were objectively valid, just to take them into account? Wasn’t it at least
“I can’t believe I’m going to say this - but I think we have to speak to that Wesley guy again.”
you, properly…”
It was only when he and Steve walked through the grand entrance way of the Varian Embassy that he remembered-
But not quite the sudden take back of before. It wasn’t the same discomfort. It was something pleasant and… hopeful, even.
And the little patch, from Tony’s forearm.
...Sort of surprised to remember that he had one, to be honest.
But it was only as he said it that
And with that he scurried off, all but sprinting over to the staircase at the back of the room before he disappeared to a lower floor.
“So, somewhere in the universe, a photo of you
He remembered the morning that he and Tony had set off for The Facility. That feeling that they hadn’t really talked this plan through, because of all the other things they couldn’t talk about first. The faint, unplaceable itch of all the things they’d half said. The nagging concern that they’d both been swept into it on a rush of awkwardness and making-do.
He resolved to ignore the intense tingling that was building under his skin, the pressure that was increasing in his hips.
In the moment, all Steve
He wondered if somewhere in all the interwoven threads of timelines there existed one where Gamora hadn’t been killed by that point, or Quill hadn’t snapped at just that moment, or Tony’s team had managed to snatch the gauntlet anyway…
“Right.” Tony breathed, trying to think over his pounding heartbeat.
was what he was supposed to do.
He could be comforted by all the people he
from deep in his gut. No matter how determined he was to ignore them, Steve could still hear those anxious questions starting up at the back of his mind,
“…What kind of effect?” Steve asked, nervously.
some controlling ass like Coulson and Fury, and maybe all this ‘be as late as you like’ stuff was just an act - but then I got to know you, and I figured that it
that Tony thought that, that he really
And I’m sorry-”
He just wanted to lie here and let Tony do whatever he wanted to him, use him again and again until he’d had his fill, love Steve as nakedly and as selfishly as he wanted to-
“Oh, God, no, we have to stop this” Tony panted, eventually, his voice pained and his eyes red.
– and the fact that it wasn’t referenced on the system anywhere was deeply suspicious.
And then, less than a minute later, Nick Fury strode through the door-
So, in the end he gave up on that too.
. And I hate Jayba, for convincing my Dad to use them as labour, and I hate my Mum for going along with it, and for covering it up. It’s just – she did it differently, to Father. She was so sneaky and manipulative. She lied to those troops families, and she made up evidence and she diverted the authorities and – all things my Dad just
Bucky allowed himself a relieved breath, just because it sounded like good news. Of course, he didn’t really have a concept of ‘the last time around’. Steve had explained the basic steps on his journey from Brooklyn Heights to where they were right now, but Bucky only really understood that on an academic level.
It was like the first brick pulled out of the wall, the first little stumble on the way to the finish line - the second he gave into that feeling, there was no pulling it back. No way to stop himself from crumbling into the bliss of
When he was finished changing, Tony felt as though he was wearing chainmail armour - and looked like a stage concept that Elton John would’ve considered ‘a bit much’.
