It did not go well, at least not in the way he was expecting. The first interview was with an old woman called Agnes, she had impressive reviews from her last employers, more than forty years of experience, but she was not what Castiel was hoping for. Agnes got mad at him after she learned that he was a single father, with children born out of wedlock without a “womanly” guardian to guide the girls in life. She quickly left the property, almost screaming about the sanctity of marriage and how the new generations “Don’t respect anything anymore and want to destroy the Christian morals.” If only she knew what Castiel was, how he was the holier being on earth right now.
He usually saves it for his favorite pets and his bondmaids.
The heavenly host was enraged and wordless, they put him on trial. The two remaining archangels were ready to end him at any given moment. He was ready to die, but Michael made a mistake again, he underestimated his brother's thirst for power. Raphael literally stabbed Michael on the back and called himself the flag of heaven, while standing on his brother's corpse.
He does not take Dean’s boxers fully down yet, just enough to put lubricant in him. He has his own, a special kind of natural lubricant that he generates.
He opens the door. "Dean?"
It is time to come clean. Every relationship has to be honest. "Besides, even if my brothers and sisters wanted to help humanity. I'm the only one left on earth."
Everything sounded great on paper, except that she is loud, she does not respect his space, and she constantly complains about wanting to go out. She knows that she has less than eight weeks left of pregnancy, she knows that she will get one hundred thousand dollars per baby and she accepted this deal, but she simply will not stop acting like… like a brat. Christ, even the fledglings behave better than this woman.
On the last two occasions that Castiel has been touching Dean, he has learned that the easiest way to open up the hunter’s lips is with his cock. If he wants to inaugurate this night by feeding him his wing oil, it is best if he covers his half hard member with wing oil. The hot length is dripping the natural oil as he covers it with a liberal amount that he knows Dean will eagerly suck off him in a matter of minutes.
Still Dean Winchester.
Lately even with all of the help that he hires he still feels over his head with the Nephilim. Deep down he knows that it doesn’t matter how much assistance he gets he will always feel this way. He wants a mate, someone else that wants to raise the kids with him. A romantic partner that will be a new mom or dad for his children.
Castiel complies, only taking some time to lube himself up with wing oil. Just enough to not hurt her and get her a little relaxed. He does not want drugged adults near the children. Holding himself in hand, the angel splits her in half with his cock, while massaging her clit in circular motions. She always does her part quite enthusiastically, it is good for both of them, and he does his best to provide a big orgasm for the pair in record time.
"You love it, don't you? Being a cock slut? I bet you would love to get fucked every day by me, to wake up with my cock in you, and to fall asleep while I finish all over you."
Jack is the most excited child of the three. "What did you name them?"
With a new little one on the way Castiel really needs all the extra help that he can get, he just cannot keep impregnating bondmaids at this rate without a permanent companion, and a full time babysitter that he will definitely not bed.
Dean slowly nods and lets Castiel fly them to his room.
Dean truly wants this, wants him. There is simply no way that an unwilling partner would go ahead this enthusiastically if they did not desire Castiel, not even asleep, not even cursed and drunk with magic or oil. He is way closer to getting Dean than he thought.
Between a half-sleep to keep energy and a blurry half conscientiousness, hidden on a barn, Castiel felt a pull. Someone was praying for saving. He had been sleeping on that abandoned barn for a decade, it was difficult to move and to think, yet this calling gave him a purpose.
Tomorrow he will go and visit Dean at that restaurant where he has been getting breakfast every morning, and hopefully, with all that wing oil, Dean will feel their connection and will finally accept Castiel's attentions. If not, he can just erase all of Dean's memories about his trauma with his sexuality and that definitely will make him stop being scared or being with the angel. That is all that is keeping him away from the angel.
"If you are not interested, Dean. Then why are you hard?"
Castiel interrupts her. "I think I have met someone." The witch now looks really interested.  Maybe is just the gossip, or perhaps the handsome pay that she knows she will get. "I will need the potion that we talked about in case that I..."
It appears that Dean has not tried to sleep with someone else since their last time together, he is such a good and fast learner. That is marvelous, if he is completely honest with himself, it would deeply upset Castiel if the hunter kept insisting on looking for someone else to warm his bed. Dean does not need any being that is not Castiel, there is not and it will never be anyone on earth, heaven, or hell that can satisfy Dean as Castiel does.
Does he even have a say in this? Does he even want this?
She got up trying to clean it up, showing her ass off, practically shoving it on Castiel’s lap, and the angel was hard in seconds, ready to impregnate her. He stood up and shoved her roughly to the bookcase, quickly getting his hot length inside of her in one smooth movement, and his oil covered fingers on her mouth to silence her. No foreplay, just breeding her.
This man is going to be the death of him. Even with his excessive house and obnoxiously decorative fresh flowers.
Just as he expected, Dean is pure ambrosia, feeding off of his pleasure is filling and comforting. He is also capable to feed Castiel for almost a month with only one orgasm, which has never happened.
“Everything is in perfect place, John. Just to confirm, you consent for the full examination with knotting included?”
After the movie about the talking toys is finished and all of Castiel’s kids are finally sleeping, he flies to Dean. He wishes that he could have come sooner, but the Nephilim do not require to sleep for a long time, and he was busy with medical appointments all of the week. Accompanying the children at breakfast, healing people, charging them, playing with the younglings, and interviewing two potential nannies from a different agency.
After millennia of training, missions, and watching over humanity, Castiel was almost as powerful as an archangel. All he had to do was fly over the world for a weapon capable to destroy Azazel and he found it in the form of a colt. He killed him.
“Don’t fire her, she’s really nice and I like her, dad!” She pants.
Emma knows how to use her big sad brown eyes to get what she wants when Castiel does not answer right away. "Please, dad. It will only be five minutes."
Gripping his hard dick, he gets close to the Omega, taking him by the hip, getting him closer to the edge to the table, he guides his hot length to the boy’s entrance. His cock easily sinks in the smaller body, swallowed by his tight, vicelike hole.  Dean trembles at the intrusion, Castiel is bigger and thicker than average, he has to be careful to not hurt the Omegas when he breaks them in. Slowly and mindful of the eighteen-year-old first time, he sinks as far as his position allows him, then in one fluid motion, he thrusts forward. Moving smoothly until he is balls deep on Dean, and he shivers and whines with the invasion. God, he is wonderful, the silky and warm whole seem to be sucking him in even deeper. He will definitely purchase him.
This is what Castiel was waiting for. Now he has his chance, the young, green eyed man, served on a silver platter for the angel to take and feed of. It only takes a quick snap of his hand, and a little bit of grace for Dean to fall into a deeper sleep. He will not wake up for any reason, at least not until morning, yet he will feel everything that Castiel does to him, even tomorrow. Maybe for the rest of the week if he does his job well.
Castiel spins Dean, now with his face on the wall, and bites his neck. He breaks the skin and covers it with oil again, Dean shivers and moans at the feeling. Suddenly Castiel’s thick cock is shoved into his hole, finding his home into Dean. The angel uses his grace to open Dean up at the same time that he sinks into him, it keeps him tight and warm with grace. Dean tries to hold into nothing, high on oil and hormones he cries out at being filled with one firm thrust. Castiel fills his mouth with his long fingers, forced to stay open with wing oil, drawing moans from him.
Yet John is able to sleep with a different girl from Dean's class every weekend. He is surprised that none of them has ended up pregnant.
He arrives for parties, pictures, and gifts, then leaves for business trips that last way too much in Lisa’s opinion.  It works quite well for Castiel since she is always mad at Matthew Castiel is able to fuck the anger out of her on their supposed matrimonial bed at least once a week. It works for everyone.
Dean comes with a scream. Castiel feeds of him like not only his life depends on it but his sanity. He holds Dean with a possessive arm on his waist as he pumps himself quickly and dirty with no lube, finally coming all over Dean and his clothes.
Of course, it was on purpose.
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
They enter the building and stay partly hidden from the windows. He does not want to interrupt the classes, so he settles for signaling the children through the window that he got installed on the inside of the hall.
"I made an exception. The Nephilim have breakfast at eight and is almost eleven. I didn't see the point in making you go downstairs if everyone is gone."
Castiel lets himself fall on the bed, next to this unique gift from his father. They lay together for a couple of minutes, not moving, only breathing. Finally satiated for the night, he gets up and dresses back up. It’s such a pity that he can’t let Dean stay like this: partly laying on the bed, legs hanging on the edge of it, blissfully fucked and covered in come and oil. God, Castiel already misses him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Fuck it.
He does an experimental thrust, just to see if he can go a little deeper. Now with his balls resting against the young man’s ass, he pulls out a little and slides back in with a quick snap of his hips. Creating a confident and rapid rhythm, where he draws himself almost totally out and pushes his cock into Dean with a loud smack.
When they get together Castiel is going to convince him to get rid of at least stop using that leather jacket, it smells way too much like John Winchester. The angel does not need to see Dean's memories to know that the man was an awful father.
Castiel sighs and quickly walks with a full hard on through the hall that leads to his bondmaid’s apartments. Better to get rid of this quickly before he has to go to the children, he is extremely careful to keep absolutely everything sexual away from them. The way he feeds is completely natural, though they are children who must never learn about this.
Dean thinks that the house is "too big and way too fancy", but Castiel knows that soon enough, Dean will adore living here.
A groan comes out of him when he gets kissed just right, and Castiel seems to come alive, desperate to have Dean. He takes both of the hunter’s wrists and holds them above his head, now grinding on him. Hot pleasure all over, desperate to get more.
He hadn’t felt like this in almost a decade.
The second candidate, an elegant woman named Lauren is now pregnant, and happily nesting in one of the bondmaid bedrooms; filled with Castiel’s seed, blissed out on wing oil. He cannot help it, if he just fed he is totally able to ignore the lust coming from most people if he wishes to, just this time, he could feel the strength of that woman as a vessel, the potential to carry one of his children, he had to breed her.
“It’s still too early. You should be sleeping.” Mumbles the angel, kissing her neck.
She shrugs, looking at her feet. “He smelled like you.” Claire murmurs, timidly she looks at Castiel and then at Dean, who is now behind him. “We know that you have been feeling a little lonely. We can see it. I thought that maybe he was… you know”
As soon as his knot goes down, he dresses himself back on, unbound Dean, and directs a “Get dressed” to him.
After a couple of seconds, Dean continues his tale. “It was easy to find you after that. I showed a waitress your picture and she immediately knew who you are and where you live. What the fuck is wrong with you?!”
“You are such an earthly beauty. It’s no wonder that normal humans can’t get you satisfied.” He caresses his sides. “You weren’t just asking, you were screaming for someone to take you and tame you. To keep you as a pretty toy on a glass case in their drawing room.”
Dean tenses and tries to push him away, but Castiel hugs him with all the strength that he has without hurting the human. Dean starts to shake and hides his face on one of the cushions. He has to see the rest.
They take a shower together. Castiel washes Dean, careful with his wobbly legs, and kisses every part of his body. As soon as he is content with it, the angel pushes Dean to the cold wall. He relishes kissing the hunter, now his arms wrapping around Dean’s wet body and his warm lips on his. The angel’s tongue immediately getting demanding, forcing his way inside his lover’s mouth, and claiming him as they kissed. He knows he is getting possessive, but Dean is not complaining, he adores it. Dean whines at the oversensitive on his member with pressure as the kiss. Dean does not have the ability to come again this soon, he is still soft and that does not stop him, he clings to Castiel and asks him for more, desperate to be loved and treasured.
“After I slept with Amanda I knew something was wrong, so I put on a spy camera. I recorded every night, and yesterday I saw you.”
Mary just left for a work trip that will last two weeks, It's awesome since Dean's summer break just started. Sam will come to visit in twelve days and Dean is ecstatic to see his baby brother. He can't wait to see Sammy again, it's been six months since he last saw him and he's been feeling a little lonely without the kid around. He better come back without an accent or Dean is going to make fun of him the entire summer.
It tastes and smells a little bit like apple pie and cinnamon, and so much like Cas, he can't get enough and that's scary. He is not into men, he isn't. But everything that Cas does is a thousand times better than every girl that Dean's been with. He wants Castiel and it terrifies him.
Every day she would ask to stay by his side and move in with him, he accepted to let her stay in the mansion for the last two months of the pregnancy. It was strange, at first he believed he felt that way since it was the first woman that he had sex with since Amelia, but she required a lot of attention, always talking about getting together, and finally being a mother. He explained to her that he would keep the baby before she got with child, and she accepted, Kelly believed that he would have proposed by then. She had the wrong idea and would not hear otherwise.
They visit the library, the family rooms, drawing rooms, ballroom, etc.
For months Castiel tracked and hunted as many demons as possible, he killed princes and knights of hell and any ill-intentioned monster that crossed his path; protecting the innocent. Sooner than later he started to grow weak. Unable to draw power and replenish his grace from heaven he started to lose energy and the will to fight. A small candle of light instead of the supernova that he used to be for his entire existence.
He kisses Castiel and it’s the best fucking kiss that he has had in years, maybe in all his life short life. Twenty-six years is not a lot. There are fucking Goosebumps all over him where Castiel caresses him. Finally warm, not feeling alone when Castiel touches him.
She is good, doing everything that she is supposed to do, at the right time, with the right speed and angle, but when Castiel opens his eyes, everything is wrong; her eyes are blue and not green, she is pale, and her hair is black. Her face is spotless, blank of freckles or even moles. She is not Dean.
For now, Castiel takes tucks himself in his pants and leaves her be. He has a lot of things to do today. The kids will be up in a minute or two. He needs to be there or Claire will be furious.
"Look at them."
Castiel raises his hand to silence her, and silently lets Dean into the office. Surprised the hunter slides inside.
Claire frowns at her, confused. “He also could have a boyfriend.” The brief moment when she looked like Amelia is gone, now all he can see is the powerful angelic warrior, and miracle that she is.
No one deserves Dean but him, he is the only one that can give him the time and love he has not felt in decades.
"Dean, I think it would be better if you stayed outside and..."
She looks healthy, happy, and her soul is shining brightly. It was definitely messy to have her as his bondmaid, now he is seriously considering impregnating her again. Jack is such a wonderful sweet child, certainly another Nephilim from her would be just as astonishing. Even if she gets as difficult as the last time, he can just have her drugged on wing oil and grace for the four to five months that a Nephilim pregnancy lasts.
"Try me. Tough guy."
"Where are you going, Cas?"
Castiel thought it would be better if the children had a separate area for their education, so he got built a small building on the patio. Now that building is their school. There are four small classrooms, one laboratory, one computer room, an activities room and a gym. They usually eat together outside, if it’s cold they go into the house.
Castiel sends them away to their room. Maybe they only have to sleep for four hours or so, but they should not be running all over the house making noise. Some of the kids and bondmaids still have to get a full night of sleep.
Seeing the tempting thing under him, forced to take his cock, still pressing back on it, even after he already came, makes Castiel go over the brink. His knot starts to swell and catch on Dean’s rim. The omega whines with the growing length inside of him, turning around his head to look at Castiel. He comes locked into place and Dean’s ass tightens, even more, coming a second time.
Claire pushes the door. “She didn’t let him in. It was me, I opened the door. I ran to get to it before Miss Leahy, even when she said to not open it.”
"I ordered pizza, come inside before it gets cold."
"Angels aren't real."
The young man opens his eyes, and sees that he is covered with a knitted blue blanket and a light blue duvet, surrounded by fluffy expensive pillows; probably all of this is handmade, green and all that shit that Sam always insisted on buying but never could afford. There’s a fricking white and gold marble fireplace in front of him, on the wall above the thing, it rests a frigging fancy and stuck-up painting of Castiel with the kids. It’s pretty even with the tacky frame.
Dean chokes on nothing, whisking away from Cas when he tries to help.
Jack is holding Dean's hand and the girls are close to him. They do not mind him as some of the nannies or the few bondmaids that they have met in the past, they are all around him, pulled by his care for them. Subconsciously they feel Castiel's love and approval for Dean.
Mary will be surprised, but fine, principally now that the adoption agency just approved them for their first baby.
"I need you to tell me, Dean," Says Castiel dead serious. Dean would think that he has a stick up his ass, but Dean is the one that just had Castiel's on his ass. "If you don't want this, tell me and it's over"
He opens up a beer and drinks while getting dry. It's awesome that Castiel doesn't check how much he drinks, he only buys more alcohol. It's also great that he tries really hard to get Dean to like him. That's how Dean got himself his own credit card that Castiel pays without even checking how much he spends each month.
Castiel is away, working right now. He is some kind of famous doctor or something that gives him a fuck ton of money. He doesn't really care, he just knows that he will be back by six and right now it's not even midday. He has the entire day for himself.
The new babysitter is frantically walking towards them. In the blink of an eye, the young woman is just behind Dean, holding Philippa close, while asking him to leave with an iron grip on his arm. Dean does not seem to notice.
“You just need to find someone who likes the attitude or enjoys fucking it out of them. The fact that he acts bratty doesn’t have to take worth away from him. That is why we recommend auctioning them, it generates more money and you are advised by experts on how to present them to Alphas. In some cities they only have a small group of alphas available, in an agency, they are offered all over the country or sent overseas”
Now panting, he starts to aim for the prostate on every slam of his hips, even harder than before. It’s a good thing that he runs and does some yoga, he could pull a muscle or get a cramp with this punishing pace.
"I imagined. Please sit with me, while I watch over the younglings.”
Castiel beams at him. “I knew you would remember me, Dean.” He holds Dean by the waist, without noticing Dean puts his hand on his arm. The sneaky bastard gets closer to Dean and caresses his lips with his thumb, almost unconsciously Dean Opens up for him, desperate for something. What? He doesn’t know.
Even after months she still surprises him. He removes the metal plug and lays it on the desk. It seems she came prepared, already loose and ready, she is not even wearing underwear.
He and Dean are now alone in the room. Castiel offers him his hand. Almost instantly Dean takes it and Castiel pulls him closer.
Lauren adapted quickly to everything and accepted without a fuzz her new role as Castiel’s bondmaid.
Just in case anything happens, Eileen will calm them down. She is a fantastic babysitter. Castiel chooses her for two reasons: One, she clearly was not interested in him (which is rare, but tends to happen from time to time); and two, besides being a good nanny, she used to be a hunter. In her old days, she was capable, yet merciful to the innocent. She is one of the few protectors of the human race that understands that not all of the supernatural beings are evil.
When Castiel comes and plugs Dean again with a kiss on his left cheek he knows he wants to be fucked by this man for the rest of his life.
Dean gets in all fours and takes the dildo in his hand. He is getting ready to stuff himself up when a huge dick gets in him in one quick movement. He lets go of his toy with a whine. The thing inside of him It's big, really big and he hasn't had anyone with a ginormous cock like that. Ever.
Castiel removes his fingers from Dean's mouth and he whines at the loss. Cas looks at him like he is a gift and something to be cherished it's almost too much. Castiel goes back to kiss Dean like they would die if they stopped touching. Both of their tongues playing with the other. Castiel holds him too tight, touching everything that he can reach.
He doesn't like to hide all of this from his mom, he knows that he will have to explain soon, yet, he doesn't do it because he knows that he still has time. He will just tell her that he didn't know Castiel was also living here and that they attended the same event in California, went to dinner, and started dating, maybe he will say that they eloped. He won't have to explain that he didn't invite her or Sammy to the wedding that way.
He can see it, all of them dressed up in their new clothes. Smiling at the camera and each other, sitting in the garden, holding the hatchlings in arms, and the rest of the kids sitting on a blanket or standing next to them.
Cas gets that weird oily lube from somewhere and feeds Dean with it. Dean gladly takes it, falling to the happy haze that he is starting to welcome in his life. The angel gets up and comes all over his face, he lets him.
The large man nods and hands him the general health chart that they filled before coming inside. “Yeah doc, I want to make sure that the kid is healthy enough to marry him off to my boss. Old ball and chain is sick and we need all the money that we can have for her. Crowley is picky, but he promised to pay well for a bride if we could prove that he is worth the pay. Though I think he wanted to play with the kid, instead of a medical checkup, if you know what I mean.”
"I thought Angels were supposed to help people." Comments Dean, letting Castiel remove his shirt. His anti-possession tattoo is lovely, he will look even better branded on Castiel’s marks.
Castiel smiles, showing his teeth. He could not be happiest.
Dean wakes up with Castiel fucking him and they just can't stop touching each other. They opened a door that now is impossible to lock. They barely eat and Castiel is late for work two times that week. Dean visits him on his job and they end up fucking on his desk. They are all over each other. They wake up and use every opportunity to bend Dean over every surface of the house. Although sometimes they talk and watch movies, once they go to the cinema. They don't finish the movie, but Dean gets fucked on baby.
He never let’s go of Dean’s wrists, not even for a second; Castiel reaches for more wing oil from his back, generously applying it over Dean’s bigger bite, the one on his neck, just between his shoulder and clavicle.
“I am, sweetie.”  Castiel smiles at his oldest and she frowns at him, tying her robe closed. Claire reminds him of a cat, so independent, grumpy, and still loyal; she tries so hard to avoid being perceived as clingy.
"Rowena, thank you for attending this event. I know you are extremely busy." Castiel greets her, offering her a drink while carrying baby Eliza, who just woke up and wanted her father's attention.
She nods, already nudging the kids to safety. The babysitter takes Emma’s hand and calls Claire to leave with them. He watches them go to the stairs, aware of Dean in the room, not moving. Eileen stops, mortified when his oldest offspring runs back to his side, just as Castiel was starting to close the dark oak office door.
Sometimes, when Castiel has more free time he extracts vials of wing oil from himself, and stores it in his private chambers. Today he brought one special batch, this one is mixed with his grace. It will not change anything in Dean’s biology or mind, it will only allow him to open his mind, and heart to Castiel. It is just a new way to make him more agreeable to accept that he wants the angel. The oil will make them closer, and Dean will finally realize that he needs to surrender his internalized homophobia and go to the angel. They will be so happy together.
He scissors himself open, feeling the burn, groaning with anticipation. When he is three fingers deep he starts to change the pace. Quicker and dirtier. He would love to have a real dick inside of him right now. Maybe coach Michael. Before Dean finished high school they have been sleeping together for a year. The teacher is huge and likes to fuck hard the students against the lockers. Dean just had to stay late after training and the couch would push him to the lockers and open his legs and slid on Dean's ass with no prep and a lot of lube. It used to take a while for him to be fully inside but Dean felt so blissfully full.
Castiel is as proud and happy as he can be, he takes all of Dean's dick in his mouth.
“Really? He is quite mouthy and some Alphas that I talked to just want pretty faces and bellies full of babies for most of the time. They didn’t want the whiny bitch, Crowley was the one to make an offer when he heard he was an Omega when I brought him to work.”
He bites Dean on the neck, barely drawing blood. It looks good on him. Showing him how he was recently well fucked, he will also feel that good soreness for a while.
It was heartbreaking, the mere idea of losing a child. He couldn’t afford the loss of a heavenly miracle, not even once. Even if he already has eleven Nephilim, he needs and wants as much as possible, every last one of them is precious and has a place in his heart.
“On your knees. Suck. You have ten minutes to do your work.”
Dean smiles as Eileen whisks away the remaining children, and puts the toddlers and babies on their six baby stroller to go upstairs, Marie and Aaron walking by her side; using the elevator by the stairs, just as Meg arrives to help the other nanny with the younglings. It is a wonderful thing that the kids have their own personal teachers and couches so the nannies do not get overwhelmed with keeping tabs on them.
“Your boyfriend.” Interjects Emma. She hands Alexander to Claire and takes a step in front of her older sister.
"Cool. I guess"
Dean is twenty two when they sell the house and move to California, they get married in a small ceremony on the beach, accompanied by a small group of friends and Dean changes his last name, to avoid as much as possible having to explain his relationship with his husband. Some people remember that Castiel was married to a woman with the last name Winchester. They buy an even bigger house next to the beach and fuck on every new surface available before they even start to unpack. They go to a private island on their honeymoon.
(See the end of the chapter for
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
When Jack was finally born she refused to go back to her home, Kelly was set on having her perfect, happy family, even since the beginning the Seraph told her that it would never happen. When she finally understood that Castiel did not want her in any way, and she was no longer welcome in the mansion, unable to visit the baby since Castiel would keep and raise him as only his, she tried to take Jack with her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel comes down his troath. He gets dressed again and kisses Dean. Like he owed him.
“Let’s say at most that is worth three hundred thousand dollars on medical bills. If today you sold him directly to an agency and didn’t want to wait for an auction he would be worth at least one million.”
Two fingers are quickly shoved in his ass and pumped dirty and quick. It hurts, but it feels good. Where did he get the lube? He knows some of the neighbors fuck at these parties, but he never thought he would be one of them.
"Yes, Cas. I want to stay with you. God help me, I want to be your toy and your boyfriend and I want to have your babies and all that corny shit."
Dean wails and clamps up, coming on Castiel’s cock alone. He doesn’t even need a knot. Marvelous.
Chastity enters to his office without knocking, just like she always does. Castiel hates that, he is almost certain that he will not keep her. It sounded like a good idea at first, she was pretty, healthy and her line of work job was online, as an "online influence" it would allow her to not raise that much attention if she moved with him. Some other professions were hard to leave without a previous announcement or two weeks’ notice. Just like Kelly.
While he is putting the condom on John asks: “If I wanted to auction him, you would give me a document accrediting his quality and shit, right?”
It's a nice bedroom that looks just the exact amount between a fancy hotel suite and a lived-in bedroom. If this is Castiel's room, the dude has taste. And money, a lot of money. From the exterior, the house looks huge, and the rooms are even bigger than you would think. The man has to earn a lot of money to keep this kind of life. Right, he heals rich people for a lot of money.
“Yes, any valuable omega that is considered a pedigree must be able to climax on his alpha knot.”
How is this amazing man alone? He is not complaining, but it is unbelievable that there is not at least one suitor begging to have Dean. When he spotted Dean on what feels like years ago, the few people that were not trying to get Castiel’s attention wanted Dean.  How is he single?
There is no way for Dean to go as he is now trapped between Castiel and the wall.  He is improvising, but in the worst-case scenario, he just erases Dean's memories and gives him a new life as Castiel's fiancé. Dean would not believe it if deep down he did not want it.
If it keeps him happy, he can even get him more cars for him to fix or just collect. "If you wish you can move it to the garage. There's plenty of space, I only got one car."
“If you are sure, Sir.”
Dean’s moans and tightness, are making Castiel feel like electricity is running all over his body. Rocking in and out even faster when he sees that the omega can take it. There is no way that he will not acquire Dean, his scent is intoxicating and the best that he has had smelled since he first fuck anyone. There’s no doubt that he will fuck this ass for the rest of his life. He wants Dean and he’ll have him. Stuffed full of his come and filled with babies at all times.
Dean is now crying, he has stopped fighting him, now he is holding onto Castiel. The angel lays on his side, half sitting, and takes Dean in his arms, offering him comfort. He knows this is upsetting for the hunter, but he needs to know. It is almost over now.
She pushes a sculpture to the floor and leaves the room in a huff with her white flowing dress floating around her. “Screw you, Castiel!”
She is an astounding woman, Bella heard of him, what he can do, the rumors of his divinity, and traveled all the way from London to this small town, and offered to be his bondmaid in exchange for Castiel’s help. Bella accepted his request, and it did not even take her a week to be with child, she even had twins; he was so impressed that he offered to help her for free if she even needed anything. Bella has not asked for a favor yet or has tried to establish contact with the twins, certainly, Castiel could not ask more of her.
Patience is there too, playing with Anna and Marie; that means that Misses Moseley must have arrived. Indeed she has, the teacher and her son are just entering the garden. It seems that most of the guests are here. Castiel rapidly remembers the people that are still missing: Misses Tran and Kevin, Bella, Rowena, Crowley, Tony, Mic, Billie, and Kelly.
“I was waiting for you.” She whispers. “I’ve missed you, Castiel.”
The taste and smell of his wing oil combined with the continued nail at his prostate must trigger Dean’s orgasm. He comes with a hitch on his breath, tensing and locking up on Castiel with a whine.
"Marvelous. Now now My Dear handsome angel, tell auntie Rowena. What's the name of the lucky one that cached your eye?"
“Good. Maybe we could send Sammy to a good college with this.” He looks at Castiel and offers him his hand. “You have a deal, doc.”
He offers some tea to the hunter, he silently declines.
When he finally found the source of distress it was a young woman, a victim of a rogue Gregory feeding directly her soul and from the other two women. She begged for him to take her body and save her friends, it was too late for her and she knew it. Castiel killed the monster, using her as a vessel.
“I really don’t mean to talk ill of your boss, but there’s a really low chance that he didn’t know how much Dean is worth. He may be trying to take advantage of your need for money for your wife.”
“Everything is fine, Dean. I am just laying us down on the couch.”
Dean just moans, there's no denying it he loves it. Castiel takes Dean's hair on his fist, pulling it tight and even tighter when the young man moans and starts pumping himself until he comes all over Dean's face and open mouth.
Someone touches Castiel’s shoulders, distracting him from his thoughts on his younglings. At the same time that he turns to see the first guest at the party, a child runs across the garden to go play with the Nephilim. Ben did not even bother to say hello, it is not personal, and probably he was just excited for all the candy on the main table. Although Castiel's offspring would never do something as rude when arriving at a new house if they were to visit someone.
"You sure know how to keep busy, Cas."
“What are you? What were you doing to me?” His voice breaks. “Why?”
The silence stretches for way too long. It is the first time that Castiel is speechless in almost a decade. He underestimated Dean, he is impressive. How else he could know about their activities, and be thoughtful enough to record them? Now that he knows how clever his love is, it will not happen again.
The vessel was fine, young, and attractive to make it easier to feed, yet he did not feel comfortable with it. The solution for all his problems came to him when a young couple prayed to him. They believed in angels. The man offered to be a vessel, he believed in Castiel, and the woman wanted to be his bondmaid.
Indeed, she is totally fine.
Pandemonium broke after that, Raphael wanted to make an example of Castiel, but every angel was restless. Some of the most loyal to Michael attacked the last archangel and in the confusion, Castiel took the archangel blade of his late brother and fled back to earth.
This month has been an exceptional experience, finding Dean and getting to touch him at last, not even mentioning feeding of him, has been such a wonderful learning experience. At first, Castiel was upset when he spotted Dean and he refused to engage in Castiel’s advances, even if the attraction coming off of him was one of the most intoxicating, and deep that Castiel had ever felt. He had to have Dean, no matter how repressed the hunter was.
Cautious, the angel holds Dean’s face in his hand. “I was making love to you Dean. I want you as I have never wanted anything.”
He was supposed to just watch the events unfold. He could only interfere if something went wrong with the archangel’s plan. When the prince arrived at the house he was unable to remain hidden do it; he had to do something to stop this.
Today has been a busy day, usually, he only has one or two Omegas per day, even if people from other states come only for him and his high-quality service; the Novak last name gives him more credibility than the other five specialists on the US, and also, he is the best on the country. If he didn’t have a last patient, he would go and fuck again one of the Omegas that he just bought. Better to gain something else than monetary value while he can.
The bright side of being an angel is that he can have sex with no refractory period all day long if he pleases. All he has to do now is slick his dick with some oil and lightly pump himself to full hardness. She is not as great as Dean, or as bright, and warm, but it only takes him three tries in two hours to have her with child.
Dean slowly opens his eyes and looks at him. Really looks at the real Castiel. Now he knows all of his past.
The... other man touches Dean’s torso under his clothes, feeling him all over with genuine interest, his pupils blown up. The little shit settles on grabbing Dean’s left cheek and kneading it. He makes a sound between a moan and a whine, knowing that he probably made all those sounds while Castiel fucked his ass all those times; instead of scaring him it just makes him hook one leg around Castiel.
We're so close to the end of the story, I feel so excited! If you liked it, please consider leaving a comment since that's how I know if you loved it or if you want to talk about the story.
He sighs. “Today you get three million dollars, even after taxes. You’d have access to my guest house, at any time you want, for as long as you want and the liberty to visit Dean. If you wish, you can move permanently to DC. My brother is the director of the best hospital in the country, I can get you a family discount and an appointment for tomorrow. I wouldn’t sell any Omega child that I’d have and I’d give them an education and a marriage with a good family. Everything is written on a contract, legally binding. You won’t get anything better than this.”
Castiel barely lets him adjust to being so full, he pulls out and slams back in, quickly setting a punishing pace against the wall. This is not about feeding anymore. He wants Dean.
Dean tenses, Castiel holds his breath. None of this is going according to the plan. Dean should not be here or even know about Castiel. There was no point in even trying to pretend that he does not know Dean. His eyes are telling him everything.
He wants Cas.
"Hello, handsome. Care to explain why did you invite me to this children's party?"
He seems quite lovely, legs fastened to the table, presenting his round, perky ass to the doctor. He takes both of Dean’s cheeks on his hand and massages them, to relax him; they’re soft to the touch, yet firm. Right now, he feels in the mood to use his fingers, if the omega doesn’t respond to it, he’ll use the vibrator. He traces the glove covered finger just above the young man’s hole. It’s charming the way he whimpers when Castiel presses his finger on his hole. If he convinces his father to sell, he’ll keep him for a week or so to enjoy, before reselling.
Omega doctors tend to love their profession, they get paid handsomely, have an eight week of vacation break a year, have good hours, usually, an eight hours shift for five days a week, and are highly respected in the community since they take care or the medical rarity that are Omegas.
The young hunter is truly a work of art; one that pretty soon will lie next to him when Castiel wants to feed. For now, the angel has to settle on just marking him, bruising his neck, back, and wrists with kisses, and bites. Why not feast himself with carnal pleasure while feeding himself to survive? Life is about finding the good things in the common, though Dean is anything but common.
Dean is still blissed out, but functional enough that when they get out of the shower Dean starts to dress by himself. Castiel borrows him a sweater, that Dean eyes dubiously at, but finally scoffs at and wears. He looks delicious wearing Castiel's clothes, covered in love bites, and flushed on Castiel's compliments.
“You cannot hurt me, Dean.”
Castiel grips both of Dean’s hips tight, enjoying the slap of his skin and balls on the ass of the no longer a virgin, Winchester boy. He isn’t close enough to the table to get friction on his dick, unable to come, he could do absolutely nothing but take it like the little bitch he is. Castiel relishes on the thought of giving it to him. Hard. And then, when he belongs to Castiel, he is going to get fucked hard at least twice a day.
Actually, that does sound like a good plan. It would be way easier than having to manage his time keeping the bondmaid happy when he can just have them blissed out on grace, and wing oil. They would not try to have a relationship with him, just as Renee is doing right now.
The worst part is that he could ask right now. If he wanted to make her his bride she would gladly accept. Renee would be thrilled, ready to start her new life as his mate, but she is not what he wants, she is just a pet. Castiel gets up and takes her head with his hands, and starts to fuck her open mouth hard and fast.
Yeah, life is great. Especially with Castiel by his side.
But now he has found Dean, he is a different kind of soul entirely. His soul is a supernova while the other ones are barely considered as falling stars, no longer bright, yet warm enough for him to survive. The rest of the humans that Castiel has laid with since he fell are just a fraction of what he has found in Dean, they are no longer touched by Castiel’s absent father's graces.
Dean moans, holding onto Castiel’s shoulders.
Dean half screams and nods his head. "I watched the whole video. Twice."
His light skin is reddened with kisses and caresses. The freckles are too tempting. before long Castiel is alternating between sucking Dean’s nipples and biting his neck, and shoulders. To make sure that Dean will never be happy with the touch of anyone else he makes sure to fuck the hunter until he has him screaming of pleasure, nailing his prostate every time, still unconscious, now covered in bruises, and even more bites that will be coated in as much wing oil as possible for the whole night.
The man is perfect and Dean doesn't like him, he has to have something wrong. He gives him the creeps, maybe is all the staring. Maybe Castiel is looking at him to make sure that he doesn't cause any trouble in Castiels new perfect family.
Except that Castiel did not want the apocalypse to happen, even if all he ever wanted was the return of his father.
Well, he also likes how the dude looks, for a forty-year-old man the dude is fucking hot. He is really strong with big muscly arms that could pin him down without any effort and has a deep sex voice that Dean loves. That man is made for fucking. It's a shame that he is off-limits. Dean is not ashamed to admit that he fucks himself thinking about his stepfather.
“Dean. Why are not understanding that I am...”
Castiel leans in and kisses Dean. Slowly moving his lips, giving himself time to map and learn the hunter's mouth. Dean sighs, content. The angel is demanding, opening Dean's lips with his tongue and shoving it on his mouth. He holds the hunter’s neck, guiding him to the position he pleases. Since when are they kissing good morning? And why is Dean letting him do anything he wants?
It is complicated to walk away from him without tripping, in the brief second that Dean Walks away from him, Castiel has him almost cornered between the left wall and the bookcase. He is acting like he is trapped, when both of them know that came here of his own volition, yet he needs to be careful to not drive Dean away.
"What are these things?"
She gets desperate and kisses him.
That thing, Castiel (At least that’s what the waitress said was its name) must be able to read minds, as he just looks at the door for like half a second, and makes a run for it while he has the chance.
Rowena walks by his side, he signals to her to walk with him. She has not tried to talk to anyone who is not Crowley or Billie, maybe Bella.
He just wants to be wanted.
Using just a spec of the energy and power that Dean just gave him, Castiel uses his grace to stop the pain in Dean’s muscles, from when he was holding him.
I hope you enjoy this.
Using the precision and strength of a hunter, Dean Stabs Castiel on the hearth with a Demon hunting knife that he was hiding in his jacket. The angel gives a couple of steps back with the surprise, thank God that he is not wearing his Burberry trench coat. He does not need to look down to remove the blade, he takes it and drops it to the floor.
Yeah, this is weird. Maybe it's out of curiosity that Dean follow his instructions and gets in the closet. He is lucky that there's a latch on the doors so no one else can get in. It's to cramped now.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You are so good for me, Dean," Praises Castiel, lightly caressing Dean's face, tugging on his reddened plump lips. "I knew you were special, but you are even more amazing and distinct from what I imagined. You are real, not a pet or a bondmaid. You are a star on this dammed godless universe, my own shinning sun that guides me on my darkest hours."
He hears grunts and moans and keeps getting filled with a hot length for what doesn't feel like enough time. He wishes this could last forever. The hot drag of a cock in him is his favorite feeling in the world.
The kids do not have homework, they work with a tutor while they are at school. Kevin helps them with anything they have a problem understanding or need any kind of reinforcement. The Nephilim are happy, kind, and smart. They have everything. Castiel only wishes that they also can get Dean as a parent.
The door of the room opens and Dean is there with Emma, Claire, and Jack by his side. They are already dressed in their nightwear, prepared to later go to sleep; probably wanting to meet the babies.
The Omega is shivering, probably from the cold table or the nervousness. He whispers, low enough that John won’t hear him. “Don’t worry. In the end, you will love this like the knotting slut you know you are.”
By the end of the day, the brave woman who prayed for him was gone due to her soul being weakened by the Gregory and Castiel kept her body as a vessel. That night he walked to a nearby city and stood next to a nightclub. By morning he had fed six times.
All of them say goodbye to Dean when they finish eating and start to leave; Daniel even gives him his last cookie to Dean. God, the kids really approve of Dean. It could not be more wonderful.
Usually, all that healing would make him weak, but now with all the Nephilim and Dean, he is almost as powered up as he was before falling. He is also able to fully concentrate, angels and Nephilim are not a hive mind, and their conscience rests on a cloud of energy in a pocket dimension that now Castiel can feel and connect to again. He is no longer going mad with loneliness from his species, like before he met Amelia and Jimmy.
Castiel wants to have her around, and be on her good graces for as long as possible. The children adore her and certainly, she is willing to protect them from anything. She is a keeper and Castiel is not surprised that someone as remarkable as Missouri Mosley recommended her for the job.
I'll also try to work on that timestamp for the omega specialist.
The man caresses Dean's face and Dean looks down. Oh god, he is hard. "I want you, Dean. Tell me to stop if you don't want this."
“He is tight and warm” Comments Castiel as calm as possible. I just need to make sure that he can come with only a cock or by being knotted and then I can officially qualify his as a pedigree.”
He shouldn't fix on the good things, that's how traps work, they offer you something nice that you may want on a silver platter and wrapped with a fricking bow, then bam. They eat you!
It's not surprising how much Castiel hides the real him from other people. Dean didn't know this side from his stepfather, but he quite enjoys it. He wants to know everything about him, he can't believe he thought he didn't like this man.
He leaves the room still thanking him. He goes to settle everything and check out Dean of the clinic with Meg. Ho wouldn’t be surprised if tomorrow he sees Meg making the walk of shame of his guest house. He sends a text to his brother, asking him for the appointment and for the number of the woman that planed his wedding.
"I have a potion." Dean tenses. "You do not need to take it, I am not asking you to. This potion can make you able to carry my offspring. Only if you want to."
“Because I fucking recorded it.” Dean interrupts him, panting.
He undoes his belt. Dean doesn't say anything. Castiel lowers his pants and Dean licks his lips. Castiel takes himself in hand, Dean opens his mouth.
When did they get this old and loving to each other?
Rowena's son, Fergus Crowley is a great witch and a better politician. He could offer him a deal to be the mayor of this town, He would definitely be interested. They would convince Kelly to quit, and by tomorrow morning he could have her pregnant and blissed out on the bondmaid’s apartments.
Since this chapter got a lot longer than I wanted, I divided it into two parts, I'll just post the last scene tomorrow, I didn't want to wait, since there's not any DeanCas scene in this chapter.
It could be better for her if he let her go, although, if the youngling in her keeps this healthy she could stay for a while longer. He has been thinking about keeping her for a second, maybe third pregnancy, as she responds so well to him. She deeply cares for the little one in her womb, accepting everything that he asks of her, moving here without questions. She seems willing and happy with the idea of carrying his descendants as long as he wants.
When Dean doesn’t say anything, just breathes, frozen in place, Castiel holds his chin. “What do you want, Dean?”
Castiel arrives at the mansion just as the sun rises on the horizon. It’s a cool and quiet morning in the suburbs, the birds are chirping, there are squirrels running by the trees, and the fountain by the entrance does its part to relax and welcome Castiel back. He uses the west entrance of the house since it’s the quietest of the three; everything seems to be in place, it’s the first time that he had been gone for the whole night in a while.
Please read the tags! This is dark and Castiel isn't nice at all.
“You need to rest. The baby needs it.” She clings to him in anticipation. Castiel sinks into her, lazily fucking into her. He needs to make this quick, but right now she is on a break from extenuating tasks.
Castiel starts the tour of the house with his rooms, and everything on the second floor, it is crucial that Dean sees how wonderful this house is, and everything it has to help him give the hunter the best life possible.
Dean shakes his head. "No, it's alright. I will keep my dick, right?"
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
The instinct to take his things and run to never come back is strangely missing. Usually, after a one-night stand Dean leaves as soon as possible and never calls, today though, he doesn't feel like it. On any other day, he would think that it's a good idea to spend the weekend here, except that this is not normal. At all.
“What do you need, dear?” He asks. At least right now she is the favorite of the pregnant breeders of his children, he owes them attention on care.
Castiel whispers close to his lips. "You can leave and never come back, you can stay and I will answer with the truth and only the truth to anything you want to know. I just want one thing of you." Dean gulps and Castiel lets him go. "Are you really sure that you do not want me? I will not force you to do anything, but do not lie to me."
"You could give me a tour of this place." Comments Dean while putting his boots on. "It's a big place. I bet it would take most of the day to see it.” He smiles in that charming cheeky way. “Also I want to check on baby, she spent the night outside by herself"
The blonde ten year old crosses her arms. “Good, you promised it. You can’t miss another breakfast.” She sits next to him on the second velvet loveseat. He decided on a contemporary décor on the third floor since the children do not appreciate the French inspired design on the rest of the house. “How did your job go? It was the first time that you left for the whole night in a while, wasn’t it?”
This time Castiel wants to try something new, and he came fully prepared. His wing oil is valuable not only for his addictive qualities, it is also invaluable for the bond that develops between the user and Castiel.
Dean just nods, clearly considering that information to later discuss it with Castiel in private. It is thrilling, having a mate to talk about the kids with. All his life he has had to raise them by himself, except when Amelia was alive, she used to take care of the children in the morning while he worked, by noon he was with the babies.
He groans, holding him by his face and slowly rocking in and out of the Angel's mouth. Castiel does not do this that much, but he is good since he cannot choke or throw up. He is great at sucking, bobbing his head with a rapid rhythm while playing with Dean's balls. He comes in only a couple of minutes.
Someone knocks at the door. His appointment just canceled, but maybe they decided to attend anyway, without considering his schedule, it is not the first time that someone does this.
“Of course, Sir. Here, on this document, it says that you haven’t registered…” He checks the chart. “Dean, on the National Omega registry. Would you mind filling this form to start the process? You will need an official document in case you want to auction him, and to avoid any kind of problem if anyone tries to claim him or take him from you. It makes everything legal and easier for you and your wife to redact a contract if necessary. Dean, please accompany me behind this curtain. Let’s start.”
John nods, clearly deep in thought. “That sounds like something Crowley would do. He never mentioned having to register Dean or a contract. He didn’t even want me to bring him here. Now I’m suspecting that maybe that son of a bitch harassed other employees to not buy Dean. He does shit like that.”
Dean comes for the second time with a weak scream, his voice ruined for the night. Still slamming into him, with the bed still swinging on its hinges; Castiel gladly takes the ecstasy Dean’s soul is offering and happily feeds again. Coming in him in big spurts. Semen leaking out of his gaping hole.
By noon the children are sent away to their extracurricular activities. Karate, and gymnastics for Claire; Anna has singing, soccer, and ballet; Daniel has cello practice, soccer; today Jack has singing, tomorrow ballet, and Thursday painting; Singing, ballet, and gymnastics for Emma; at first it was confusing to plan all of the activities and organize everyone, now the children have activities between three to five days a week. Some parents think he is strict, but the kids love their hobbies, it keeps them busy, helps them to find interests, and they are usually free by six PM.
We're finally one chapter from the end! I can't wait for this to be over so you can read all of it.
It’s too easy, way too easy. Dean is already asleep when Castiel flies to his motel room and finds him lying on his stomach. Only wearing his green underwear, partly covered by the old duvet that the motel provides.
What happened to try to leave? Well, it smells great, Dean can't help himself, if there's free food he has to take it.
Castiel is quick, getting his dick out of his underwear, stopping only to pump himself to full hardness. He gets in the bed and kneels next to Dean, he can’t help to get closer and give a big lick to Dean’s round ass. The hunter moans and shoves his behind closer to Castiel’s face.
The hunter huffs. How dare he to doubt Castiel’s devotion to the little ones. Both of them look at the family portrait on the desk. “What are you doing here, Dean?”
Castiel let's slide that comment, soon he'll teach Dean to show him respect. "For the strollers for six and four babies at the time. Also, the Nephilim are not allowed to go outside by themselves, Dean. They study and have everything they need here, it is as big as possible, and so they do not get claustrophobic. Although they would be happier if you were able to take them on some walks outside, from time to time."
It seems that finally using his bed is proving fruitful. Castiel rarely uses his bedroom, or his bed and furniture for that matter, still at the end of the day is his own space, which he has just in case that he wants to spend time by himself. He also has an office, but he uses it mostly for feeding and working, and that makes the room feel like an extra space of the house and not totally his. Castiel’s bedroom is just his and has been for years, but now all he can feel in this room is Dean’s absence, it is a new sensation, to have something missing from his life.
Lauren stays, Angelica? He does not know yet, Marina wants to leave as soon as she gives birth, Renee definitely wants to stay, Chastity will lea...
Instead of giving the blunt to Dean he takes a big drag of the blunt, let's it fall to the floor and crushes it with his foot. And breathes it out of his mouth into Dean's mouth. Slowly.
Whatever he is, it’s stronger than steel. Dean puts his hands on Castiel's shoulders to keep him as far as possible now that he has allowed him some space. He seems to respect that for now. Dean better move fast before he changes his mind.
“Good boy.” He whispers.
“Doctor I know you resell omegas for a higher price and…”
She went into labor when he was not there and she did not pray for him. He never knew why she did not do it. The doctors could not save her nor Castiel when he arrived. The soul was gone. She was gone.
Today he just invited her because she is the mayor of the town. He tries to have her, and Jody the sheriff as friends in case anything happens.
I hope you enjoy this.
It's like if Castiel could feel Dean getting distracted, in just a second he is now over Dean, with his mouth on Dean's throat and offering his fingers covered in a weird waxy oil that the hunter isn't even sure where did he get it, but he accepts it and almost desperately eats it. Sucking his fingers until the last drop.
Castiel stands to pick up the glass sculpture and fixes it with a little bit of grace. "You accepted this, you wanted this. Do not act like I am forcing you to stay here when you asked for this." He closes the door, ready to go back to his duties.
It's too much. Way too much. Dean breaks the kiss.
He soon discovered that not all people were able to feed him for the same amount of time. He just had to find more people. It worked for a while, he had powers, pets, and anything he needed but he still felt alone.
Dean doesn't want to hurt his mom, but he wants Castiel. He can't help himself. He is willing to risk everything to keep this man. He is everything he never knew he wanted. Castiel also adores him, and is definitely gay. Mary doesn't deserve this. Castiel says that he is going to fix everything.
Castiel slowly rocks in and out of Dean's mouth, framing his face with both hands. The young man hums and sucks Castiel with vigor. It doesn't take long for Castiel to hold Dean's head and shoulder and start to fuck his mouth with a punishing pace that has Dean half choking. Dean loves it, he loves being an object for people to take, and Castiel is the best so far.
“I didn’t think you were the cuddly dad type,” Says Dean as he walks slowly to the window, calculating. He lifts one of Castiel’s books on the coffee table and leaves it on the bookcase. The seraph notices that he never shows him his back. “or a dad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Definitely, he will not keep her.
"She just wants to play with your hair. She must think it is pretty."
"No. Although I would like to marry you someday. If we create a mating bond you would be immortal next to me."
Dean nods and goes to the nursery just as Castiel goes to Marina.
Today is a self-care day. He finishes two beers before he slowly starts to touch himself. Lazily stroking himself until he gets hard. Dean thinks of his step father's blue eyes, his large hands, and a big cock. Maybe he could make Castiel mad, and the doctor would bend him and slap his ass until is red.  Maybe he would fuck him until Dean got the lesson. Yeah, that sounds good. He is on his third beer when he opens his lube and coats his right hand and fingers. He could invite Benny over. Except Benny said he was going to go camping with his dad. Whatever.
“We have to start her treatment as soon as possible, but she would never forgive me for selling him to a stranger. I can’t.”
"I saved the world and that cost me everything.”
Castiel can hear the smile on the man’s face. “That’s great news, doc. Please knot him already, so we can be on our way.”
Dean can't help to feel surprised when Mary mentions almost offhandedly that she is also going to divorce Castiel. It's a friendly goodbye, she says.  Now she knows that she got married to Castiel so soon after the divorce because she wanted to get back at John and Castiel was such a popular and handsome bachelor who was being pressured by his parents to start a family.
“You are a freak. Don’t fucking touch me. Never touch me again.” Castiel gets shoved, except that Dean’s force is not enough to move him more than a couple of inches.
Dean whimpers at the continued thrusts and invasions on his insides. Castiel is almost sure that the young thing has never had anything fuck him before, he is lucky that Castiel found him so he can show Dean how heaven feels like.
Dean couldn't care less. He stays for as long as possible in his room and when the twelve year olds go and play  there he goes to take his beer and goes to the basement. He gets to have half and hour of solitude there before people start to get down.
Dean would never hurt children, but they are also Nephilim. He would never risk them, even for the man he loves. When he is sure that Dean understands that they are harmless kids just like any other human infant he will let them out.
When Dean wakes up he is weirdly calm and well-rested. His head is a frigging mess and he’d rather not think closely about what they just did. What he really, really wanted to do. This is a mess.
The girls and Alexander hurry up upstairs with Eileen just behind them, and Castiel watches them until they are no longer visible on the stairs. Finally able to close the door, he locks it with his own key, sending it away with his grace. He turns to see Dean.
"I like to call my children like that. The babies are my hatchlings, the toddlers are nestlings and children are fledglings. I like to use bird terms for the Nephilim since I can see their wings I use as a "pet name" for them."
Castiel lets go of Dean with a last, barely-there kiss, and signals to the food.
He whines Dean loves being used at the point of over sensitivity. Holding Castiel close and locking him in with his legs, breathing in and out through the pleasure.
Castiel gently pushes her away and corners her to the marble column on the main hall. At this point, they can remain hidden from the stairs in case anyone comes by.
Chastity looks at him and none of them talk for a while. Sometimes she does this when she is especially mad because she knows that will distract him when he is busy working. It always works. It makes him livid.
“You’ve got a girlfriend, daddy?” asks Marie at his right side. He didn’t even see when she came out of her room.
Castiel does not know who kisses who first. It's a mess of limbs, fluids, and moans. They make it out of the nursery pretty quickly and go to the bed. Almost falling to the floor while fighting to take their clothes off, Castiel uses his powers to get them naked. With a touch to Dean's skin, he loosens him up, no time for foreplay right now.
Dean is twenty one when Mary invites him to have a brunch with her. Everything seems normal until Mary tells him that she was offered a new job in London and that she is planning to accept it. Sam loves living there with his new girlfriend Eileen, and he really misses his mom. She also misses Sam and loves that country from old the times that she visited it for work and when she wanted to see Sammy.
Dean is soft, pliant, and receptive to his touch. Finding a young, pretty omega this sensitive, and with the capacity to take big knots is almost impossible. He is the luckiest man on earth.
Amelia was a remarkable woman, and Castiel misses her sometimes, after all, she was the first woman that gave him children. Such a kind hearted soul that gifted him three beautiful Nephilim.
Her eyes darken with lust and need for wing oil. That explains it, the mixture of the heavenly grace developing on her, and the oil that she has consumed in the last week has her in a semi-permanent state of bliss.
Even if they are outside of the classroom and try not to draw any attention to them the kids still get distracted. Jack waves hello and Emma smiles at Dean. Claire tries to not look excited, except that Castiel knows her well and knows that his oldest is interested in meeting Dean. Anna and Daniel stop paying attention altogether to Donna so they can watch Dean and gossip with each other.
“You’re already here.”
After he took James Novak's body he buried in holy ground his late vessel. He used a lot of grace to keep the body fresh in case he ever needed her again, that vessel was his.
He comes. Castiel gets out of him. Dean lets out a whimper. He feels so empty. He is pushed to the ground and Castiel shoves his dick down his throat.
Is the last saturday of May and it's going to be a big one. Mary invited double of the people that she usually hosts for, rented some chairs for the lawn, John and uncle Bobby are even going to do some bbq together.
Dean just blinks.
"Dean you have seen me use my powers. You were unable to hurt me with that blade of yours."
The two girls look a little scared about the situation unfolding; they must have felt Castiel’s uneasiness, Eileen also looks nervous. The angel cannot have them here, it is way too risky. Dean is closer than before, yet far enough to get distance between them if Castiel were to try something, at least he thinks that. It is time to stop this.
James and Amelia had a house and enough money for them to not work for a while, though Castiel knew that he had to find a way to earn money. When Castiel heard of an old rich man looking for a heart transplant he knew what he had to do. He would do anything to give the best life possible to baby Claire.
Sam doesn’t answer Dean’s calls, neither does John. On the two times that Dean called, he didn’t pick up, he only sent Dean a new case on a text two days later. It’s not worth it. Cassie doesn’t want to know anything about him. He doesn’t want to go and bother Bobby with his bitching or girly feelings. They don’t care.
Giving him his full attention, Castiel sits on the edge of his desks, and motions for Dean to sit on the loveseat. He refuses. Fine, if he wants to do this standing so be it.
"Are you the only one left?" He looks almost sorry for me. Thinks the angel, half smiling. Dean knows about being alone, poor thing. He will never be alone again.
He was a hero of heaven for he had found and saved the tablets of angels and demons. Only he knew what they said and where they were stored.
Louise and Henry are perfect. They are 50 and 51 centimeters long and weigh three kilos each. They have dark brown eyes and a lot of dark hair. They look a lot alike, small round noses, pinkish cheeks, maybe they will look tanner in a couple of weeks, just like their mother.
Hunters are trained to analyze everything and everyone in the room, and all of this must be too much for him. Dean has not done anything yet, but Castiel is still a commander of a garrison of angels of the lord, and he did not get to be one of heaven’s best strategists by letting chance dictate his plans.
"Awesome. I thought you would have a lot of cars, seeing how you like to collect stuff."
“Kansas.”
Dean does not show favoritism, Castiel is sure that he will love all of the children equally. While Dean plays dolls with Jack and Anna, the angel sneakily takes a picture of them, he will get this printed and maybe put it in his office. It is extremely important to cherish and save every important minute on the life of his children.
This is why he needs Dean, usually by six Castiel already finished working, but there are a lot of children that he needs to check and take care of, he also likes talking with them, he needs as much help as possible. Especially with the babies and toddlers.
Today Castiel decided to take a free day from work, for the first time in years he is getting a break. He moved all his appointments for the rest of the week and quickly healed a man in his sixties. Right after the kids finished eating Castiel hastily flew to South America, where that famous painter lives, he healed the man and left in less than two minutes. It wasn't the best service in his career, except right now he does not care, his client is satisfied, he got paid, and now he gets to enjoy Dean. He knew Dean would be good for him, helping him to enjoy life more than before, and it seems to be working.
"Giving you what you want." Castiel bites and licks the half-hidden and still not fully healed bite on Dean's clavicle. He whines with the contact. "I bet you wanted to touch yourself when you watched the video. Didn't you, Dean?
Castiel raises his eyebrow. Dean gulps. “I cannot risk you following my children, Dean. I am just being protective of my family. That is all.”
The man sits on the chair closest to the door when he sees that the Omega gets up and goes to the other side of the room. Castiel goes closely behind him. It wouldn’t be the first time that an Omega tries to leave the room.
“Suck.” He orders. Even when Dean is unconscious he obeys his dominant partner. “Such a good boy, and an even better pet.”
Dean is stopped from answering that confusing statement when Mandy, the maid arrives in a hurry, hastily explaining that Marina's water just broke.
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
Castiel seizes Dean by the neck and kisses him, covering both of them on the Angel's come. Dean gladly opens up for him, humming on Castiel's kisses. The angel bites his lip at the same time that he grabs Dean's hair and pulls. Feeding his own come to the hunter who gladly licks it from his fingers.
Maybe, just maybe, if she keeps insisting on staying he could grant her wish. He can have her permanently drugged on wing oil, perhaps even grace, she would stop dreaming about a life with Castiel, and he would not lose a good bondmaid. He is sure that would not mind doing that.
The alpha smiles. “Please call me Castiel, John. I’m your son in law now.”
That’s not true. He is lying, whatever he is he is trying to get under his skin, maybe to feed off him. That’s what monsters want.
He takes the potion and hands it to Dean.
"Did you sleep well?" Castiel places the tray over Dean's legs and takes the chair next to the wall and sits looking at Dean. Not even blinking. Freaky. "When I bought this mattress I was told that it was the best in its class. Is supposed to help achieve a full night of continued sleeping. "
Castiel nods. This is an important moment, he has to make Dean believe him. "I'm an angel of the lord."
“Sorry to disappoint you, buddy, but I’m not interested. Wait!” He frizzes, remembering something. He had said that before. “You’re that weird dude that offered to buy me a drink on that bar, like a month ago. Aren’t you?
Even harder and rougher, Castiel thrusts into Dean, drawing helpless sounds from him. He starts to aim for the young man’s prostate, to make him come a second time. In other circumstances, he could take his time and last more, but sadly the sun will rise soon, and Castiel has to be there when the children wake up. He likes to be there for them.
Usually he goes and hides in the basement closet. It's big enough for him to sit and kill time watching porn on his cellphone for an hour or two.
It seems like he wasn't wrong.
He settles on showing him brief glimpses of himself witnessing parts of the creation, evolution, historic events, battles that he won, how he saved the world and destroyed Azazel. Just images, colors, and sounds. Emotions and sensations, how he feels about Dean, how he would do anything to have him.
He is demanding and tastes weird. Like weed. Why is he even kissing him back and not pushing him away? He's never kissed a man before and less has had sex with one.
"Do you want to go rest on my bed? You seem to be in a state of shock."
"The kids wanted to meet the new babies and I couldn't just say no. It'll be just five minutes." He gives him a tight smile, looking a little sorry for intruding.
It is such a shame that he does not want her, she would be better away from him as soon as she gives birth. Even though she is a pretty thing that would create gorgeous Nephilim, Castiel knows that she wants something that he cannot give her, every day is worst for her as she gets even more hopeful that she may choose her. That is not fair for her, he does not want to deal with another Kelly.
It's heaven. This month Dean got himself the biggest dildo available on the local sex shop, a butt plug, and a free bottle of lube after he let Balthazar, the owner of the shop fuck him against the display cabinet of the shop.
How is this happening? Why can’t he just say that he doesn’t want Dean and just leave? He should feel relieved. He should go to Bobby and ask for help, but now that Castiel is not touching him he feels empty and cold all over. This is so fucked up.
As soon as Dean is able to open his eyes, Cas pushes his hard cock inside of him, using his wing oil as lube, and starts a fast pace. Dean immediately responds to the oil, smiling and eyes glazed over with pleasure. Sighing at feeling himself filled, he knows he belongs to Castiel.
When he came back to Kansas, Mary was gone from earth. Dead. His connection to heaven was severed and he was unable to bring her back. All he was able to do to help the family was leaving a demon hunting knife for protection in case they needed it.
That soft heat surrounding his dick feels tighter and silkier than anyone he's been with. Cas bites him on the clavicle, just next to his neck, finally pushing him to the edge he comes in him. Cas smiles and messily kisses Dean. Claiming him with kisses, and Dean lets him.
God, I'm exhausted and emotionally drained since I've been working non-stop like crazy on this personal project, I was supposed to rest today and I did anything but that. Luckily I took some time off to finish this chapter, I didn't rewrite all of it like I usually do, so I'm sorry if it's not as good as it could be.
He invited some of his friends that he trusts to be near the children (and their kids), contracted a luxurious catering service and live music, he even got a magic show, a dancing crew that will play a rendition of the movie, and carnival games. Castiel definitely does not have a favorite child, but Claire is his eldest, and he cannot help having a soft spot for her, so if Claire wants a big party, she will have a big party.
Castiel arrives at the motel room just after midnight on a Saturday night. Dean is already sleeping, laying half naked on the bed, snoring softly. It is really convenient that he has not left this motel in nearly a month, Castiel needs to get Dean before he leaves town, and makes this whole process more complicated than it should be; he could take the hunter with him, except that Castiel wants Dean to choose to stay with him.
"I can fly anywhere, and I like to walk. I only use the ban when I need to take outside the Nephilim.  I should get another one, that one is too small for them now."
"You love this, don't you?"
Dean gets out of the pool naked and throws himself to the lounger to rest in the sun. It's a good day.
He is better than a pet, he is the mate that Castiel has been looking for, it has been only a couple of hours since he last slept with Dean and he wants it again. He misses him, oh Christ what he would do to have him on his bed, just watching him, the most beautiful meal that Castiel has had the pleasure to feed off.
He gets out of Dean with a sigh, flipping him on his back with barely any effort. Advancing to the front of the bed, he puts his still hard length on Dean’s half opened mouth. It’s just while Dean gets ready to take him again.
Michael made a mistake, he knew how much Castiel wanted their father back and he wrongfully believed that by telling Castiel the whole truth, about how starting the apocalypse will bring God back it would avoid any space for equivocation.
Last night for a second, while Dean was blinking and reaching for him, he felt like Dean was really there, but he was mistaken. Such a cruel disappointment.
"Is this real?" Dean drinks all of his freshly made orange juice in one gulp. Damn it. It's also great.
He even bought the impala from John and gave it to Dean. He was on Dean's side when he decided he didn't want to go to college. Dean is going to start an internship assistant and trainee for an auto repair shop that reconstructs and fixes old cars.
In the brief moment between sleeping and consciousness, Dean finds himself completely relaxed, like he hasn’t felt in years. He is laying down, quite comfortable on a warm and big bed with a soft cozy mattress, probably a memory foam. For years Dean had wished to have a memory foam mattress, well at least a mattress of his own instead of the crappy motel beds. At least he had the chance to try one of these beauties today, even in these weird circumstances.
“I’m going to be straightforward. I wish to buy Dean to wed him and I’m willing to pay whatever is necessary.”
The fledglings also adore Dean, and the hunter gladly answers their questions and chats with them, he treats them with respect and care, some people that he has met are condescending or downright rude to his children. Daphne was kind to the children, but deep down Castiel was scared that she would show a preference for her biological children, that's why he sent her away after she gave birth.
She is insufferable when she acts like this. "You are not a cat nor a spoiled kid, Chastity."
"I want to help."
Castiel gets up, dresses back again, and walks to the house.
The only good thing that came of it is that Dean is noble, loving, and a kind man with a lot of experience with kids, of course, he is great with children; it also helps that he is childish and loves to play and talk with them.
By the morning Castiel has come in Dean five times and has fed him three full bottles of oil, almost a gallon. Dean is practically his, he can feel it. He could just take Dean and have him forever, but Castiel is not like that. Dean will choose him, fully on his own accord.
“Dean, please lay on your stomach on the table, with your feet on each side of it.” He compels what Castiel asks of him, resting his head on both of his arms, looking at the wall. The doctor takes Dean’s ankles and cuffs them, he tenses a little but doesn’t say anything. Each ankle, to one corner of the table with a soft ankle cuff that’s designed to not hurt the Omegas and keep their legs well spread to the table sides.
Castiel is almost drunk on it, on Dean. This is what it feels like to be in love. Now he knows that he would kill to protect and to keep Dean. This is everything, he is everything.
Castiel interrupts him. “I would sign a contract that forbids me from selling or renting him off to a third party. I’m offering you a two million and a half deal, directly wired to you today.”
He knows. Dean knows.
It is not amusing, but it is interesting how much it has changed Castiel since he laid with the righteous man and Michaels sword, he knew the Dean was special, but it appears that Dean is unique compared to all the human that Castiel has met and watched over in all of his existence. It is not about his soul, is about him.
While he waits for his knot to be freed, he takes a sample of semen from Dean and also stores it in its containment. He fills the chart and issues a health and quality report and a pedigree certificate. He calls for Meg to take all of the samples and documents to the laboratory, she smiles when she sees him buried deep on Dean.
“I need to check his vitals before I start to take samples and see his Omega reflexes. It says here that he already had his first and only heat. How did it go?”
"Close the door. I don't want the smoke getting out."
How did this happen?
Dean is his lover. He still cannot believe it. Yet it is true.
She stands in front of him, looking so much like Amelia and like an angel. He would be proud on any other occasion, but right now he has to set things straight with Dean.
He is sleeping so soundly, not bothered by his usual troubles, is almost like he was waiting for the angel to come and take him.
He kisses Dean, slow and deep. Making him feel everything Castiel has in his heart. It almost hurts to let go.
Castiel tries to give her space, but he suspects that is really the lack of company from other people and going outside when she pleases is what is making her angry all the time. He cannot let her go outside, it is dangerous to have them away from him, and anything could happen to the babies. If he made an exception for her, he would have to make an exception for all of them. That is simply impossible and it is time she learns to deal with the decisions she makes.
He doesn’t move for a couple of seconds, letting Dean get used to the alien sensation. The boy slowly starts to try to move his hips, trying to get Castiel to start fucking him. So responsive and eager. He is something else.
Castiel chose to work as a doctor, instead of being directly involved in the family business, which is fine because he can directly buy the omegas from their families and resell them to the Novak Company, and since he was the better student of his class and thanks to his family name, now he can knot young omegas for a living. Today he has had three appointments, young pretty things that squirm under his gaze and come on his knot alone, with a whimper. He buys two of them and sends them to the waiting room connected to his office. At the end of the day, he’ll take them to his family Omega installations, to prepare them for auctions all over the world.
Both of them were ecstatic. Castiel could not believe it, on the third month he felt it, a weak but there touch in his mind. A small presence of his kind accompanying him; it was his daughter.
He already fed today, he should not feel hungry, yet she makes him feel the lack of Dean. Strange. She isn’t anything like Dean, but that is a given. Nothing compares to the light his soul emanates, and with her, he feels his absence. He feels full, but not satisfied. He has never met anyone who is even a little close to what Dean is or feels like, he had never thought about that. Now it is obvious.
Dean comes from behind the curtain, eyes big and scared. He talks for the first time. “Dad, please. I don’t…”
The doctor caresses his neck, relaxing him with his free hand. Holding even tighter the boy's hip, he half pulls himself out of Dean, before trusting back into the sinful moaning thing.  Sliding in and out of the Omega, hearing him sigh and cry out at his deepest and harder trusts. Enjoying the low sound of skin against skin, as he fills him up and starts a quick rhythm.
Now that he is alone and finally plan all he can think about is Dean, his pink silky lips, his freckles, his lovely bowlegs. How elusive the hunter is, it should not be allowed. It is simply not fair how he cannot just go and breed Dean until he is with child and keep him forever; the man is so repressed that he probably has not even realized how attracted he is to Castiel. Why Castiel is falling to this brute hunter is anyone’s guess.
He goes to the closet. There's someone there. The new neighbor is already there smoking weed. He doesn't seem to care that Dean found him.
God help him.
The Alpha forces his son to sit on the chair and waits by the door, clearly thinking that the young omega will try to run for it. He is pretty, pale, and covered in freckles with lips that would look perfect tied around a knot. He is certainly going to be a delight to fuck. The nervous kind tends to be the best when they get a cock on them for the first time. Their nervousness makes them tighter and malleable.
Dean tenses with his father comment, the Alpha moves the toy again and watches the Omega moan, unable to close his legs. He removes the toy.
"Yes, every change will be made internally. Still, you will not have to deal with periods, and giving birth will not be as painful as it is to women."
This mansion and way of life it is not for everyone, Castiel needs to make better selections for his bondmaids next time. Also, all the Nephilim hormones tend to be too much for some of them, and it is better to have only one or two children a year than lose any of them because the mother was not comfortable here or could not carry on with the pregnancy.
He changes his designer shoes for more comfortable ones when he gets into the hall, quickly removing his favorite Burberry trench coat, and hangs it in the antique closet by the door. Walking as silent as possible on the marble flooring he heads for the office. Castiel cringes when hearing steps on the stairs, he is trying to avoid any noise, if the little ones are still sleeping is better to keep them that way.
“Do not worry love, I’m finally here. You will never be alone again.” He whispers.
How could have Castiel stopped himself? Dear Lauren was talking about how she just moved to this town to start over, how she didn’t have any friends here, and more importantly, she wanted to have children one day. Castiel’s analytic gaze made her nervous, she dropped the glass of water on the carpet, maybe on purpose.
He has watched Dean’s memories before, he knows about his past, how trusting and following his father around has stripped Dean of any opportunity of a normal life. Even if he has seen John Winchester through memories he is speechless before his selfishness and lack of caring about Dean. How dare he leave this precious gift, abandoned and stripped of the love and adoration that he not only deserves but he also has the god given right to have.
He nods, desperate. Castiel sets a punishing pace, it's getting to much.
Claire tries to look as innocent as possible. "We only want to say hi. We won't be able to sleep if we don't see them."
The man gets out of him and Dean shivers at the loss. Maybe he wants to come on Dean's ass and that's nice and all, but Dean wants a stuffed ass today.
"All of this is real and happening." Murmurs Castiel next to his lips. Grinding harder on him. “You are here, with me.”
He is back to the children before anyone misses him. When Castiel goes back outside he is carrying mimosas for the attendees that just arrived. Jody and Donna are just sitting on the tables by the fountains when Castiel spots them; Alex and Kaia are already playing with Emma and Daniel. They seem excited, running around the snack table.
Castiel smiles, filled with happiness. In moments like this, when Dean jokes he feels like the luckiest man in the world, even if he is not a man. He is an angel who deserves happiness after saving everyone and healing people for a living.
“Yeah, I already signed that thing on the health chart. I don’t want him to get scared on the night after the wedding if that thing with Crowley goes on.”
Castiel holds Dean's hand and enters the room. Eileen is feeding baby Christopher in her recliner, while the toddlers are playing on the playpen and the babies rest on their cribs.
Castiel rolls his eyes and lowers the hunter's pants in one rough motion, and before Dean can understand what's happening Castiel impales himself on Dean's dick. Both of their clothes are magically gone and his cock is covered in that lube with the sweet smell.
"What are you?" Dean asks with glassy eyes.
Lately, he thinks, as he gets more grace back with the help of the Nephilim it seems easier to create more of them. At first, he only got one baby a year, now they do not seem to stop.
In other situations like this one, usually, he would not sleep with a married woman, but he has no respect for Matthew, he does not respect Liss, and he always ignores his son, so in Castiel’s eyes, he does not deserve Castiel’s courtesy of leaving Lisa alone.
Castiel has not fully decided which one of his bondmaids he will keep after he finally gets Dean to move in with him as his mate and parent of his children. Even though he and Dean have been sleeping together for a month the hunter does not know about Castiel, his name, or what they have been doing, he probably does not even remember him on that one occasion that they met.
Looking a little uncertain she closes the door and walks to him, certainly she is not used to being visited by him. More than questioning is like she is waiting for instructions. “Castiel?”
Dean sits on the bed, trying to decide what to do next when Castiel enters the room through one of the three doors on the room, with a wooden tray stocked with food in hand.
It was too easy, he knew at the moment they met she was meant to be a bondmaid, and Dear Lauren just got her eyes on Castiel and started flirting, touching him no stop, laughing at everything he said, even when it was not funny. The seraph knows he has that effect on people, his heavenly presence is magnetic to a big percentage of humans on earth.
He just moved baby Christopher from here last week, he is almost three and he is ready to sleep next to his siblings. If the babies need anything, they have a night working nanny who stays with them in their room.
Baby Eliza is sleeping, she loves playing, but when she sleeps nothing can wake her up; while she is resting Baby Christopher is watching the other children play while sucking on his pacifier, reclined on his pillow nest. He is such a calm baby, with a pretty intense gaze, his boy is quite a special child for only two months of age.
It is odd, Dean's attachment to his car, as long as it does not interfere with his future duties as Castiel's partner and father of the Nephilim, he will not mind.
With this angle, Castiel can fuck him a little bit deeper and it's way better. It has him moaning in seconds. Dean must be dreaming, maybe he drank way too much beer and drowned in the pool. It's not possible that the perfect Castiel is just fucking him. He should be working at the hospital and now out of nowhere, he is inside of Dean calling him a good whore.
It's uncomfortable for Dean to get dressed again with all the come and sweat on his body. It's better if he gets cleaned up; within five minutes he takes a shower in the pool bathroom and goes running to the kitchen. Castiel isn't there. Yeah, maybe he really died or drank way too much booze and he imagined everything. Can that happen? Maybe.
It doesn’t hurt the way she looks. Her pale skin, blue eyes, and wavy black hair will look lovely in his children. He likes when the Nephilim look like him. For a second he imagines how beautiful they would look with green eyes and freckles. None of his children look like that; they got blonde or dark hair, brown and blue eyes.
He opens up for him and lets Castiel guide him on the kiss. It's weird to surrender control when he is with chicks he always has it, but Castiel doesn't ask. He takes and you feel thankful for what he is giving you. This is so fucked up.
I hope you enjoy this.
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
Castiel doesn't waste any damn time. As soon as he sees Dean is fully awake he goes to hold Dean's chin and gently kiss him. The worst part is that Dean willingly kisses back, getting closer to him and sighing when Castiel holds him tight. He is warm and touches him like if he were valuable, it feels too damn good, thankfully his brain turns off so he doesn’t have to analyze this too close.
The omega is already producing a healthy amount of sweet-smelling slick, yet he wants to make sure that Dean can take more, he uses now three fingers, scissoring him open, extracting a moan from him. Now that he is finally relaxed, Cas starts to thrust his fingers in and out, seeing the transparent liquid sliding over the omegas open legs. He doesn’t even have to find the prostate to have the delicious thing rutting on the table. Gently, he removes his fingers and places the vibrator on Dean, while he takes a sample on the slick and writes his findings on the medical report.
“Indeed. In the health report, I can actually qualify him as a pedigree. That is valid in all of the US, and gives him a high-quality seal of approval that will ensure you the best pay if you want to sell him directly or use an auction company as an intermediary.”
The members of the house go on with their activities, clueless to what happened. They carry on with the cleaning, cooking, and making sure everything is ready for dinner while Eileen makes sure the kids are safe and sound. The Nephilim play with each other upstairs. Castiel takes a peek at Dean’s thoughts to be sure that he will not go after his offspring.
Dean enters the room, trying to avoid looking guilty. Jack has a big guilty smile.
He has her well trained, without asking anything else she gets on her knees over the soft and fluffy carpet, and takes Castiel’s cock on her mouth in one try. He had forgotten her lack of gag reflex and desperate eagerness to please him. Good Lord.
He kisses Dean. Just a brief touch of lips, and shows him what he is. It is tricky, to decide how much to show a man that knows about the supernatural. He will be able to take more information than most people in the whole world, yet he is still human. Too much and his brain would be permanently damaged in the presence of the holy.
“Demon? Monster? Dean, you are a smart man. You know that I do not fit any other description of the supernatural. The answer is simple, I am an angel."
Alfie moans, bent over the leather couch, eager for Castiel to keep moving, and he does, hastily sinking as much as possible into the other man, now fucking him roughly. The pale thing comes fast on Castiel’s dick, which is one of the reasons the angel keeps him around, his orgasms are a quick snack. The seraph is usually quite hungry on Friday nights since he is busy taking care of his offspring he cannot go outside every night. Too occupied to fly downtown and find a one night stand or check on his regular pets, and he does not want to bother the bondmaids on a weekend. The blond twink is a quick and easy fix that doesn’t even require oil or special attention, Alfie just wants to be fucked by Castiel as much as possible.
Dean will forever deny the noise he made when Castiel bites his lip and shoves his tongue down his throat. Not that he will tell anyone that he slept with a man, or with a monster. Is already suspicious that he has been staying in the same city for a month without hunting anything. If anyone asks he'll say he was banging a girl. Still, he really hope's no one questions him, especially his dad. That’s almost impossible, John has been ignoring him for more time than usual.
A cold hand on his arm startles him, the woman is half awake, looking at him through her squinting brown eyes.  “That was hot.” She grins, falling back to the bed. She takes Castiel’s hand and places it over her black lace covered breast. “Who are you? I don’t think Dean mentioned having a hot boyfriend.”
He takes Angelica with him and lets the hunter, now cleaned and well fucked, asleep on his bed just in time for when the children are waking up.
He starts a slow rhythm, fucking in and out of the sinful pink mouth. It’s way too good, his lips are remarkable, providing him with a silky sensation. Dean automatically starts to suck, even before Castiel feeds him more oil.
Castiel goes back to the other side of the curtain, looking at his eyes. “You should consider it, John. It’s one on a lifetime opportunity. I haven’t seen a Pedigree that looks this good in at least a year.”
Castiel is still hard. He hauls Dean up and throws him on the arm on the couch with his ass in the air. Carefully he removes Dean's butt plug, trying to avoid any leaking, and slides his throbbing shaft on Dean in one smooth motion. He can get used to this. He doesn't want this to ever stop.
A weak gasp comes out of Dean's mouth. It's a surprise and yet, deep down it feels like he already knew that. Castiel seems to be like a dramatic person that decides who his spouse is going to be by just looking at them. The kind that asks a hand on marriage after a dance.
After that, he decided it would be better to have the bondmaids in the mansion for the entire pregnancy.
This night it felt easier to just fall asleep after drinking a whole bottle of booze; not even bothering to try and call Sammy, only to get rejected and sent to voice mail. It’s better than the alternative. Someone else picking up and telling him that this number doesn’t belong to him anymore. He could have gone to the local bar, drink liquor or beer, barely better than what he drank today. That way he wouldn’t be by himself, he could have found a girl to spend the night with.
They giggle and hush each other for a while. Jack wants to hold them and Emma tries to touch Louise's nose.
Castiel runs for the room, with Dean just behind him. It is wonderful that he wishes to help, yet it would be better if he stayed outside. Marina does not know him and could get nervous. There is no place for making uncomfortable the birthing mothers, Dean will have to just listen to him this one time.
It is getting really late, well actually early. Castiel has to go now, he only has time to clean Dean up and let him half lying half sitting on the bed, while he gets dressed mid fly. The Nephilim are waiting for him and he has an important appointment to get to today.
Dean thinks that he should be upset, he is just glad that Lisa is out of his life. John moves to Las Vegas and Dean doesn't miss him.
"Who would know? That the great Dean Winchester would be such a cock slut for an angel?" Castiel smiles "What would your father say if he could see you?"
The seraph looks at Eileen in his best efforts to project a strict, yet understanding expression. “Do not worry, Eileen. We will talk about all of these tomorrow. Please take the children to the playroom and do not let any of them outside until I tell you to.”
He nods, pleased. “The wife wasn’t convinced to bring him in, especially cus it’s a two-day drive, but my neighbor recommended you.”
He has to check that they can choke, some Alphas love to do that; also he looks for the feel of the dildo on his cheek and throat, it’s not hard to find it in this one. Castiel hums at his talent and, beauty. He usually has to take a little bit of time to make them take the entirety of the dildo. “He doesn’t have a gag reflex, and he seems to be able to take big sized knots on his mouth.”
It's too much, Dean looks conflicted, yet deep down in his eyes, he can see how touched he is at being in the presence of a new life form touched by the divine.
Castiel smiles and caresses Dean's face. "You wouldn't believe me."
Is it too much to ask?
There he is, with his unearthly green eyes, sandy blonde hair, and his handsome face covered in freckles. Dean Winchester. Dean is in his home, Christ.
There is too much at risk with the children here. Castiel does not know how he got here, and what are his plans, it is better to remove the wildcards from the field. Castiel hastily hugs the girls and sends them away with Eileen. Swearing to them that he is not mad and that he is going to explain everything as soon as possible, promising he will not fire Miss Leahy.
Dean is his.
“Dean?”
Castiel talks directly to the other Alpha in the room. “Good evening, Mr. Winchester. I am Doctor Castiel Novak and I will do the medical checkup for your Omega today. Do you want me to do a full examination of your omega?”
The only good thing is that at least, when most of the people arrive, the adults don't keep tabs and all of the beer and he can drink one or two without being noticed. If anyone sees him he tells them the beer is for John and they let him alone.
Castiel sighs. He has seen Dean's memories. He knows how Dean thinks, what he believes, and how that information will be received. Some people need time to be convinced. Castiel does not have that time or the patience to wait, he wants Dean now, he wants to put a ring on Dean's finger in less than forty-eight hours and mate him for life.
He puts Dean back together. Back to the bed, just like he found him. He is laying back on the bed, covered on the ugly motel sheets and his undergarments. It feels almost too much to leave him without saying goodbye, he knows he can’t. The angel settles with leaning and leaving a brief kiss to Dean’s mouth. It’s too sloppy and way too short for what he wants, yet Dean still tastes and smells like him. It almost makes up for it.
Dean is so distracting. It is quite hard to not touch him now that Castiel has access to him. It is not just his soul, is also how he feels and looks, truly he is the righteous man in every way imaginable. Dean seems to be thinking, most likely he is trying to decide if he believes Castiel or not.
Why is he so defensive with their lovemaking? This is not how he envisioned their next meeting would go. The fallen angel walks to his beloved, trying to calm him down; Dean immediately gets up, putting as much distance between them as he can in this office.
Claire is always the first of his children to wake up. As soon as she opens her eyes she runs to his room, to make sure that Castiel is there. Today he is already expecting her, reading by himself on a blue velvet loveseat by the flower arrangement on the third floor main hall. The little girl stops on her tracks when she spots him, quickly composing herself, trying to look calm and collected on her new light blue nightgown.
Dean is sitting at the metal table. Professionally he takes Dean Penis in hand and studies it, also takes the boy’s balls in hand and checks them over. Perfectly healthy and well developed. He writes it down on the chart.
For the next few years that will be their life. Full-time divine ecstasy on earth with his oil, and potions designed to take care of their bodies and the wellbeing of their minds. At the same time creating Castiel's future child, as soon as the baby is born, he will take them, this time being named by Dean. He will let them rest for a week or so, then he will breed them again. Just like they wanted.
"What are you doing, man?"
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
He holds the meaty ass and pushes his tongue into Dean, licking and tasting this wonder covered in freckles. He can’t help but hum at the intimacy of sharing such a pleasure with a new lover. It takes a big deal of trust to let someone have access to a vulnerable area like that, letting himself be eaten out by Castiel and receive this kind of pleasure from him.
So... no more Castiel/others from now on, and finally you get to see awake Dean....
Damn monsters.
Fuck.
Gently, he slides his finger on the warm channel, Castiel hums, noticing how tight he is, definitely, he is worth the million or two if John wishes to sell him. He will be quite a delicious toy to have. Like he told John, he hasn’t seen an Omega with these characteristics in quite some time, If Castiel manages to buy him from the Winchesters, he could have enough money for a new mansion, or maybe a cottage in Europe. In the yearly auction in Cabo, Dean could be sold at five million.
Before Dean can even process what is happening Castiel has him against the wall kissing him hard, with his tongue on his mouth and both of his hands on Dean's ass under his clothes. Castiel grinds against him, touching him everywhere and eating him alive with his hot mouth.
Dean avoids looking at him "Yeah, but that doesn't mean that you can't be another kind of …"
She straightens up, putting her foot on the door when Castiel dismisses her. “No. Now, dad!”
Castiel’s favorite day of the week is Saturday for various reasons; for one: the kids wake up just a little bit later than normal on those mornings, which allows him to have an extra half an hour that he uses for himself. He usually likes to read, watch documentaries or simply rest, and focus on himself.
The hunter is standing on the door, and Castiel realizes is the first time that he has seen Dean awake, and fully clothed in what feels like forever. It is a welcomed change, especially since Dean looks so desperate to talk. Fine, if he desires to have a conversation with Castiel so be it.
She would be so happy for him, finally finding a mate that deserves him.
What did Castiel do to him?
He was happy, he and Amelia moved to a mansion in a small city near Canada to raise the children. Amelia was pregnant for the third time when Castiel traveled for a week.
"You already know where I live. You better be there in five minutes or I won't let you come for a week."
Now that Castiel has learned how much he wants Dean, he knows that from now on he cannot risk losing Dean to another human; even if the seraph knows they are meant to be, Dean clearly has not gotten the memo. This time he will make it count.
“If you do it here, on an official clinic. It only takes five minutes after it’s scanned and uploaded to the National Omega Registry. If you wanted to do it from your home, it takes days for the government to ensure that you are the legal guardian.”
