Flash was being a dickhead again during PE class. It wasn't their fault that Ruby accidentally hit him with a basketball on the head. The guy looked like a raging bull when he threatened Ruby so Peter intervened by pushing him away from Ruby. He was literally too close. Like, so, so close. Of course, Flash didn't really like that and since he couldn't hit a girl (at least he still has morals), he punched Peter instead. Ned tried to break him off from punching Peter but he got elbowed in the face too.
Knowing full well that the darkness was surrounding her, Ruby tried her best to swallow the anxiety that was coming up from the surface while waiting for her vision to adjust to the low light intensity.
"Hey, you want to marathon Lord of the Rings?" Peter suggested, trying to make it up to the girl. "It's Friday today so I will be staying through the weekend."
"Okay, but on one condition." Tony tilted his head to the side in question, urging Steve to voice it out. "One of us drops and fetches Ruby from college. At least just for a couple of weeks."
For the first time ever since she's heard the Voice, as weird and confusing it was, Ruby found herself feeling a sort of calmness and serenity. ‘
As soon as she said that, Clint lit up like a Christmas tree and happily galloped away towards the living room. Natasha clicked her tongue in pretend annoyance but the small curl of her lips didn't escape Ruby.
"You're hearing voices, aren't you?" The blatant way he asked the question made Ruby choke on her sandwich. She got no idea how the hell he was able to figure that out.
She was so pale even snow white would be ashamed. Her cheekbones were sticking out which emphasised how sunken her eyes even more.
The Voice did say that, so enough of this negativity. Ruby thought that it was time for her to willingly accept that she would be in custody of the Avengers until she finds a safe new home. She may have got nothing now but at least she knew that she had these superheroes to watch her back, even if only for a while.
"Looks like DUM-E likes you. Those two over there are Butterfingers and U. They're my bots, helps me around here." Tony told Ruby. She felt ashamed for just barging in his workshop without a word and proceeded to use his couch to sleep like she had the right to.
"No! Please don't!" Ruby shouted, then instantly closed her mouth when she realised how loud that was. "I don't want to bother Tony any much more than I'm bothering him now. So please, Friday. Don't tell him. I know he's a very busy man and he can't afford to worry about some teenager who can't even go to sleep."
“Hold up there, Doctor. What is this about Infinity and Eternity? What are they?” Steve asked, which was reinforced by Tony’s nod as well. They were so tired about going with the flow with Ruby’s situation and they just wanted some real answers now.
"Now, I'm sure Tony could enlighten us both why they are here." Steve told Ruby with his voice clearly laced with sarcasm. Both of them swore that they would give the couple an out from all this avenging business when they've asked for it so they agreed that they would only call out for them when they were truly in desperate need. As far as Steve was aware, they were not in desperate need.
He had an expression which Ruby couldn't really decipher. It was a mix of pure admiration with a hint of anger and rage. She didn't know why he had that face on but she immediately felt bad for asking him the question.
Take the piece of a writing journal propped on the top left corner of the screen, for example. It contains some gruesome details of results that scientists have found regarding a 'subject'. Whether that pertains to a human subject or not, Fury didn't know. It probably is. Hence, why he called for this meeting.
Infinity looked at Ruby.  Truly, she was touched by the young girl’s sentiment but there was one thing she was forgetting.
Right after Steve woke up, he decided to go down to Tony's workshop. He was actually pretty sure that being the stubborn pain in the ass that he was, Tony did not go up to his room to sleep, but instead settled on his couch down there just to finish whatever project he was working on at the moment.
"Well, this is new." Steve said as he grabbed a knife to help Tony. Usually, he was the one making sure that his team was eating proper food by actually making them home-cooked meals, while Tony was either up in his lab or just strolling through his StarkPad. So it was definitely a pleasing change of view to see the genius using his hands for something domestic rather than with greased engines and machines.
Ruby listened to the sound of her breathing. She inhaled, feeling her lungs expand as she sucked air in, and exhaled slowly. She continued to listen to her herself, inhale and exhale, until it lulled her to her sleep.
It was easy to say that her relationship with these two superheroes had progressed even further. But Ruby would say that the relationship between the two men had definitely changed too. She could see it with their interactions. The longing looks, the small smiles they give when they thought nobody else was looking. Just like now, Ruby could clearly see the sparking tension as they tackle each other. But no one mentioned anything about it. Even when they see Steve's hand hanging at the back of Tony's chair when they eat dinner together, or when Tony always seem to doze off Steve's shoulder during movie nights.
"I am." Peter replied, then coughed, blood spewing out of his mouth with every huff, before speaking again. "And you, you have powers! You're like the freaking Scarlet Witch but orange. And shorter."
"You didn't hurt me, sweetheart. It was an accident." Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say because the kid started to sob even more as she broke down into the ground with knees clutched tight close to her chest. Steve tried to calm her down but she flinched away when he tried to touch her so both men were in conflict on how to convince her that it wasn't her fault. In the end, Tony had to calm her down by counting their breaths together.
"Yeah, about that, uh, it would dissolve in two hours." He replied as he scratched the back of his head guiltily. "Sorry."
"I'll come pick you up later as well, okay? Just call me when you're done for the day." Bucky said as soon as Ruby got off the bike. She shrugged her backpack on and made sure she had everything she needed before saying goodbye. Bucky ruffled her hair which had gotten him a glare, because come on, Ruby spent half an hour fixing that hairstyle. She had to look good on her first day after all. Bucky snorted and literally pushed the girl to the main entrance.
Unfortunately, Steve didn’t have time to reply because FRIDAY’s glitching voice interrupted their discussion.
"The tools I used to tend to your injury are still in the kitchen sink. Of the communal room." Bucky's eyes widened at what Ruby just said.
"Just make sure that everything's cleaned before we get home if you decide to host a party in here." Ruby chuckled at Tony's joke while shaking her head.
"Sorry! Gotta go! Catch you guys tomorrow!" He shouted as he galloped away through the entrance leaving Ruby dazed at his unexpected departure.
"You're not gonna leave me here alone too, right?" Peter asked, concerned that most of the Avengers left, saved for Bucky who was still sitting on a chair beside his bed.
As soon as the doors closed, a feminine voice greeted them. "Hello Boss. Captain Rogers. I see that Miss Reid is with you. Would you like me to direct you to the penthouse or the communal floor?"
"What are you smiling about?" Vision's smile grew even wider before saying, "Just thinking about you."
“Friday, scan please.” Tony ordered in attempt to find out what was wrong with her. So far, he couldn’t see any physical damage so he couldn’t understand why Ruby wasn’t responding at all.
"My best friend, I call him Bucky because it's short for his second name that he doesn't like very much." Steve let out a small chuckle at the thought. "He was the one who looked after me ever since we were children. Even during the war, he still smacked my head silly whenever he thinks I'm gonna do something reckless."
If she does, then there's no better place for it to happen but the tower full of Avengers who are capable of subduing her. Until then, she'll have a life as normal as possible.
"Hey kiddo. Glad you finally decided to join us." Tony acknowledged her while he patted the space next to him to make Ruby sit down.
They all cackled in laughter as they watched the sunset. Technically, they shouldn't be on school grounds anymore since they ditched and all but Ned couldn't really argue with his friends' logic about being in unexpected places in unexpected times. Which sounded a bit dumb, now that he has thought about it. Not that it really mattered.
She sat herself down on the space between the coffee table and the couch, her knees drawn together to her chest while she cupped a mug of hot chocolate with her two hands.
The lecture lasted about two and a half hours. Ruby felt the tell-tale of a head ache threatening to start and massaged her temples. After fixing her things, she said goodbye to the boys but Parker told her to hold up. Ruby smiled as she waited for him to speak.
"There was also no record of relatives in that file nor any evident reason why hydra captured her. As far as I could tell, she's just a victim of hydra's experiments again." Steve agreed with him.
Of course, that didn't end so well for her. She felt stupid about challenging a man that had been flying through the skies of New York for years. It wasn't her fault that the city looked so different from the top view. She may or may not have accidentally landed on someone else's penthouse.
Which was totally weird. Because Peter Benjamin Parker always cared about what Tony knows about his vigilante night escapades. Ruby decided to let it go. When he's ready, she was sure that he'll tell her eventually.
"Most kids usually just tune me out when I start on a lecture." He said as he wrapped the cuff of the sphygmomanometer around Ruby's exposed arm to measure her blood pressure.
“After my brother and I began our quarrel, the purpose of my existence had been solely reduced to one thing: to find that one unique person to bond my soul with in order to stop my brother.” Infinity reached out a hand and cupped her right cheek.
Ruby had actually been conscious ever since she felt someone tug the chains off her wrist. Although she couldn't open her eyes, she was aware of what was happening despite remembering them a bit hazy.
Clint, who was very much afraid of spiders as well, was already pointing a frying pan towards the girl he wasn't yet introduced. He thought that it was probably rude, but she's holding out a spider!
The boy's eyes swirled with dark red mixed with dull grey, making them appear bloodlust. His soft smile turned wider, sharper and sinister. Ruby approached closer and closer with the urge of separating the two. The boy yelped out an ear-splitting scream when Ruby wrenched him away from the man and kicked her in the stomach with a force no child should have.
Tony found himself in the middle of the intersection and yeah, there are some hydra shits coming from all four directions. Now he's got bullets targeting him everywhere. Some of them bouncing against the armour with a metallic clang.
"I know you." She said. "You're Captain America. Saw you all over the news before with the Avengers."
"Oh my god. Listen, I don't know why you keep popping in my head but you're not real. I'm afraid of the dark and I'm pretty sure I'm becoming insomniac too so I don't want the thought of myself going insane being thrown in the mix. Leave me the heck alone, capisce?" Ruby hissed in a fierce whisper.
"No, I was lying on the floor dying." Ruby said, deadpanned. "Of course I was sleeping! What did you think I was?"
And what is everybody doing? Don't they know they had someone up in their roof top, passed out and possibly coming slowly onto her death?
"Where's Steve?" She asked, craning her head left and right, when she realised that only Tony was following her. Said man was found standing in front of an ice cream stand, then came back to them holding out three different flavours of ice cream cones. Ruby chose strawberry and Steve automatically handed Tony the mint chocolate chip one.
The drive back to the tower was spent in silence. Ruby was torn between whether she should just keep quiet or tell Tony and Steve the reason why she had a panic attack. Now that she's thought about it, she felt like they have the right to know considering that she would be staying with them for the mean time. At least if they knew her triggers, maybe she would give less stress to them.
before she hugged tony and darted forward to claim the bear. Both men smiled at the obvious joy the teenager was sporting, thrilled that a simple life sized bear could turn her into a ball of bouncy energy.
sorry.” Restraining his strength so he didn't seriously injure Ruby, Peter threw his palm down across her cheek in hope that the sudden vibration would shock her system back into an awake state.
"We are not letting Fury take her. She'll end up in a situation no different from where she's been. SHIELD scientists would want to get at the bottom of those experiments. We will be no better than hydra if we let that happen."
Bucky’s heart suddenly sank. Ruby was family and he would admit that he would go as far as locking himself up to the cryotank if that’s what it would take to get her back. Silently, he nodded his head at Steve and squeezed Tony’s shoulder who probably didn’t register that he arrived already. Bucky sat next to Peter and pulled the kid into a quick hug.
"Thank you, that's very nice of you. Sit down." Wanda tapped the space next to her before she took a sip of her coffee. "Tell me something about yourself, Ruby."
Tony took a mental note that maybe he could buy her a giant teddy bear next time. Perhaps, like the big bunny he got for Pepper. Tony nodded at himself, proud for being able to think of that. Yeah, he would definitely get her one.
Ruby had been completely submerged in her own thoughts that she almost screamed when she heard a sharp clang to her side. There was a poor black kitten rummaging the trash can for food. Pitying the little animal, Ruby reached down on her sling bag to grab an apple she forgot to eat for lunch earlier. She crouched down and snatched the kitten's attention from the trash can. It looked at her. Its eyes flickered from the apple that Ruby was handing out and at something behind Ruby.
"Nah, it's alright. My name is Mckenzie." Ruby said, resisting the urge to wince at giving them a fake name. They seem like really good people and she felt bad for deceiving them.
Ruby immediately let go of the hem of her flimsy dress. She wanted to say that it really didn't bother to change in front of them. After all, the material of her dress was so poor that it might as well be see through. But Mr. Stark was already helping her stand and walk her to the bathroom.
The girl was kneeling on the floor now, hands still clutched tightly on top of her chest. Her eyes were wide, instinctively looking for something that could help her. But it was no use. Tony could tell the exact moment when she breathed her last breath.
"Anyway, I'm going to go wake Ruby up now." Steve hurriedly said and walked out of Tony's lab. He'll deal with him later on.
"Please, don't let them take me. Please." Their eyes snapped to Ruby upon hearing her plead with a choked up voice, tears wetting the pillow where her head was rested on. She was holding her hand out, trying to reach for the both of them. Her eyes were glazed, as if she did not really recognise who was with her.
Perhaps... Steve has the same feelings as he did. Tony mentally shook his head. There was no way that this was the case. Although the man did slip up one time and accidentally outed his bisexuality, he always loved Peggy, in which is most likely the most probable reason why he never took on Natasha’s suggestions for blind dates and hook ups.
Now, here she was on a Monday morning, riding on a motorbike with Bucky driving, on the way to College. Tony insisted that they take one of his cars but Steve managed to convince him that taking the bike was completely alright.
Both of them were suddenly alert. Wanda immediately took hold of the phone while Vision reached out for his fellow AI in the internet. Friday, being one of the kindest artificial beings that he's ever met, sent him data about a HYDRA captive girl who, as it seemed, had similar abilities to those of Wanda.
"Hey, hey, kid. It's alright. It's okay." Tony soothed as he touched Ruby's arm to get her attention. Her eyes flicked to him for a moment and then settled to look at Steve.
"Bye, Peter! Next time, we should totally watch Lord of the Rings together." Ruby said as he hopped in the elevator.
." Ruby winced at the way he said her alias but tried her best to hide it. She didn't know why his tone of voice came across as mocking and it was really making her feel uneasy.
It didn’t take Tony to understand that his AI’s firewalls were down and that the tower had been fully compromised. All the LED screens that surrounded the communal area flickered on to reveal a man’s face they’ve never seen before, grinning maliciously on the screen.
When Bucky looked back to see where Ruby was at, he was quite surprised to see that she was actually gaining on him. Given, he wasn't using his enhanced abilities but even without it, he was still quite fast enough than average people with his military training.
Thinking that Wanda may take long and that she can't exactly go back to sleep anymore, Ruby reconsidered his offer. "Sure, what harm can it do, right?"
“Only if I want to give you a heart attack.” Ruby felt Peter smile and she raised her arms to embrace him back tightly. Unfortunately, the moment had to be cut short because Tony came flying in his Iron Man suit along with Captain America in his mission mode face. Tony procured a make shift nano-shelter from his suit for temporary regroup.
Wanda and Pietro had no choice but to leave. They couldn't use their abilities to force their father because they both knew that it would only prove their father and their neighbours wrong. They were good children. But it became harder and harder for them to believe that. Everywhere they go, their abilities made people uneasy. They've been called names. Devil twins. Children of Satan. Freaks. So they learnt how to hide. For years and years, the twins tried to get by living like normal kids. Only resorting to their abilities when they absolutely had no choice anymore.
Stephen stared at Infinity, who just continued to grin at him with humour, just to look for any hidden dishonesty. Contented to know that the being was telling the truth, he could have left, placed his consciousness back to the reality, and deliver the news to the three superheroes waiting for an update about Ruby’s condition. However, he couldn’t really help but wonder about what he just observed earlier.
"This will be yours Ruby. The penthouse is my designated area. Steve is just one floor below us. Do you wanna see the communal floor?"
Her veins were lined with a fiery incandescence and her eyes were ablaze. Like they were looking at two bottomless pits of raging fire. The girl was just standing on the sidewalk, close enough to see the fight but was still far away to get physically hurt. With a wave of her hand, the truck that the symbiote was holding split in half.
"So you see, in a way, you're like Bucky. I hope you didn't go through what happened to him, but both of you got captured by Hydra, except you're too much younger. You should have been out there doing whatever kids your age should be doing, not stuck in that place. So we had to take you in, keep you safe, you know? Just like we did Bucky."
For now, they had a man, possibly the bearer of the symbiote, lying on the ground. Natasha didn't hesitate to cuff his hands despite his unconscious state while Clint reached out to SHIELD to have the man properly transported into their custody.
Just like what he told her before, Bucky wanted to tell Ruby that the Avengers themselves were all mentally unstable in their own way if one thought about it. But right now, that's not what Ruby needed. She needed reassurance. Full reassurance that all of her worries would not come into light.
FRIDAY saved Tony from answering Steve’s suggestion by announcing Ruby’s arrival in the work lab. They heard a series of gentle knocks before the door swung open to reveal the young girl. Ruby was formally dressed, ready for a presentation at school with her bag slung across from her left shoulder.
Ruby knew that they would be out of her life sooner rather than later and she couldn't go through that all over again. She couldn't handle any more losses at all, and at the kindness that Steve and Tony was showing her, she has no doubt that she would easily get attached.
Ruby didn't have time to talk to the Voice because she could already see Bucky coming towards her with a concerned face.
Ruby mentally snorted at the Voice and told it to get ready. God knows she watched enough movies to actually say that the situation she was in looked so much like the start of a bad zombie apocalypse movie.
She could feel the sharp bite of the cold, prickling her skin like tiny needles, which made the hair at the back of her neck to stand up.
In all honesty, Ruby couldn't even complain if it wasn't, not that he she didn't like it. It's just that the guy came home injured and then decided to fix her some food.
nodded and kissed her parents on the cheeks before going upstairs. Hastily, she hopped up to her room and immediately opened her wardrobe to take a change of clothes. Just as she was getting ready to change, the three dimensional hoppers saw her face contort into pain.
Ruby had been so focused at looking down her schedule that she didn't notice there were two guys approaching her way. Said guys weren't paying attention to where they were walking either since they were so busy chatting about what they would build next in the Star Wars Lego collection.
Nick Fury looked at the array of new information on the projector screen that Agent Coulson handed to him yesterday night. There seemed to be something fishy about the whole situation. He just couldn't point his finger at it.
“Vis, hand over the salt please." Wanda said, her voice laced with a thick Sokovian accent that Vision has grown to love. Pulling himself swiftly off the chair, he opened the cupboard behind Wanda to grab the salt and poured a spoonful on the dish she was cooking.
as Princess Shuri liked to call it. She had been kind enough to drop by the Tower two days after Bucky just settled in to his new home together with Steve, to explain the mechanics of his new arm and give instructions on how to handle adjustments and whatnot.
“After millions of years of searching, I finally found you. For the first time, I had hope that I could defeat my brother. He has become uncontrollable. He had so much ambitions. Although he was an ambitious man to begin with, his goals slowly turned sinister. He had plans to ravage, not only your world, but the whole of universe. The same universe that we have guided, cultured and looked after for.”
"You want to help me out with the cupcakes?" Natasha asked both Ruby and Spider Man who didn't hesitate to get a piping bag as well. Ruby gave out a loud snort when Clint grumbled and complained about not being allowed to help when he's been there ever since Natasha started.
"Clint, trade your Atlantic Avenue with my waterworks and I'll let you know why you can't get past my technique when we spar." Natasha bribed but Clint wasn't persuaded. She huffed but still draped her legs into Clint's lap.
“I’ve called for backup but we still need as much help as we can get. You can cuddle with your boyfriend later after Steve and I are done fussing about you, okay? Now tell us what the situation is.”
Ruby did as instructed. The man looked like he was on the young side. He was wearing a navy blue suit with a red striped tie, his black trench coat hanged on the back of his swivel chair. Not really sure of what to do, Ruby stared at the ceiling, counting the number of cracks she could see, before turning her attention back to Mr. O’Malley who was looking at her with narrowed eyes.
The Voice murmured as she caressed Ruby's cheek, letting her touch fall down to her chin to tilt her head up.
. Steve couldn’t help the thought from popping in his mind but he would have to talk about this with Tony later on.
"Steve? Tony?" She asked, confused. She tried to sit up but found that the left side of her head hurt, and when she reached up to touch it, she was unsettled to find a layer of gauze wrapped around it.
It did not take too long before they reached the SHIELD headquarters. After dropping both the teenagers in Med bay, the Avengers went ahead for a debriefing with Fury. Bucky, who established with Fury that he'll come to debriefs only if he wanted to, (there's no need to talk about the intimidation part), went straight to the kids' quarters.
Glancing up, he saw Tony looking straight at him and the two didn't need to form words to realise that the both of them reached them same conclusion. Going by the fact that Ruby passed out in his arms, Steve thought that the use of her abilities must have exhausted her. He called out for his team to travel back to the headquarters in the comms. SHIELD could deal with the damage control and he was sure that by the end of the day, there will be a damage fee claim posted on their doorstep.
Bucky saw the internal conflict Ruby was having as she looked through the documents. As someone who had his identity stripped away from him, he could understand what the girl was probably feeling right now.
Tony and Steve’s day was spent lazily. It was only the two of them in the Tower today since Bucky had been called by Fury at noon about a new mission regarding HYDRA and the assassin twins were nowhere to be found. Knowing Clint and Natasha, they were probably out on a date without even realising that they were out in a date. Tony shook his head. He had lost count of how many times he wanted to bash both of their heads together for them to see that were practically married.
She was just about to yell, "Watch out!" to warn Peter that they were dangerously coming close to having face planted on the road in the middle of Manhattan when he triggered his web shooters and hooked themselves up to a balcony of a nearby apartment. They both lurched upwards into the sky while Ruby laughed like a maniac even if the wind continuously whacked her face. It was like being a human sling shot.
"He could rip your intestines out while eating a lasagne and do it five times over!" He taunted, making Peter bow down in shame. The use of his full name didn't exactly help to soften the blow either.
Ruby tried to reach out for the voice in her head. She didn't know whether she should call her by her actual name when conversing or stick to the nickname she’s given the entity. Also, she wanted to apologise. Having a little bit of time to cool herself down, she realised that she didn't actually meant what she said to the cosmic being before.
Ruby decided not to tell Steve. By the way his face frowned in pity about the solid food thing, Ruby had a feeling that his reaction would be so much worse if he came to know that a feeding tube was forced down her throat from time to time.
"Thank you." Ruby said softly as she accepted the socks from its claws. It was only when she put them on did the robot happily wheeled away from her and started sweeping the floor.
"I promise to keep your little secret if you promise that you'll come to me when it gets too much. Deal?" Bucky's lips twitched into a smile when he saw her nod in defeat. At that moment, she looked so much like Steve back in 1935 when he caught him lying red-handed about getting pummeled and punching people. Again.
"I'll be back next week to work my new suit adjustments with you, Mr Stark." Peter said as he gathered his things and took a few more cupcakes in his bags. Tony nodded his head to acknowledge him and Peter said his goodbyes to everyone.
“I don’t understand how you could see my life energy but I’m telling you that I’m not dead. Even if I am, I’ll defy all the laws of nature to come back to life. So get your shit together because we have one son of a bitch to kill.”
Surprisingly, it didn't take her very long to freshen up. She dressed herself with a black midriff tank top and yoga pants before stepping into the elevator. "Morning, Friday. Could you take me down to the gym, please?"
As swiftly as she could, Ruby shoved Bucky aside to stand up and ran for her life while laughing out loud, knowing that he would definitely get her back at her little trick.
Yes, she's hurting, but still very much alive. Then, all sorts of questions plagued her mind but only one stood out: What was her purpose in life now?
Ruby gasped at the unexpected Voice she heard in her head. Understanding that Ruby wanted answers now, the Voice continued their silent conversation.
"She could be a mutant. But her file didn't mention her having the X-Gene nor having any superhuman abilities." Tony dismissed the fleeting thought in his mind that this could be a result of inhumane experiments those HYDRA shitheads did to her. "It doesn't matter, but it looks like whatever ability she has, she has no control over it."
It was the faint sound of lead scratching against paper and the soft clang of metal that Ruby woke up to. Steve's eyebrows were furrowed in concentration as he drew a stroke in his page whereas Tony was hunched over some kind of bar with a screwdriver in his left hand.
"Oh hi, I'm Peter Parker." The brunette guy finally said and Ruby couldn't help but feel like his voice was familiar.
She wanted to have some oranges but she can't find any? She just opened her palm and look, a basket of assorted fruits formed out of thin air.
Tony shrugged his shoulders and agreed with her. If that was what she wants, then so be it. He already programmed a few protocols into Friday anyway to make sure of Ruby's safety when they're not around. He was confident that Ruby will just be fine for a few hours.
"Somebody's eager today." Tony said as he passed a cup of black coffee to Steve. He lied down on the couch. His head cushioned against the arm rest while his feet automatically found their way on top of Steve's folded legs.
She just couldn't understand why they would do this at all. And if she agrees to take the room tonight, then how about tomorrow? The next day after that? Would she stay with them permanently?
Ruby didn't have enough time to react because the next thing she knew she was slammed down, kissing the floor. Not hard enough to make anything bleed, but enough to disorient her. She didn't waste time though. Hastily, she pushed her weight up, one leg at a time, and crouched to an aggressive run. She was fast but Steve was faster. He managed to side step easily out of Ruby's way and avoided being tackled to ground, all the same while throwing a grin at her. Groaning that she missed her chance, Ruby twisted her body as she threw a high kick at her opponent.
Infinity wasn’t like her brother at all. She cared for their creation, but she couldn’t help but feel like a hypocrite when she was using their own creation to defeat Eternity.
They whispered between each other, with their voices too soft for Ruby to hear. Mr Stark suddenly looked up and Ruby almost broke her neck when she tried to avert her gaze onto the window, embarrassed that she was caught staring at the two men.
She didn't really had a solid grasp of how long ago it was, perhaps two years ago, but she remembered being kidnapped by her captors in a theme park.
He didn’t wait for a response. Peter tossed a string of web, wrapped it around the demon’s waist and used it to pound his fellow hell spawns.
And at the moment, she really didn't know whether her mind was just playing tricks with her due to the lack of sleep she had been dealing with the past few days or she's just gone completely mentally deranged because here she was, looking at the reflection in the mirror.
She hurriedly approached the couch but came to stand just barely a metre away from Steve, as if she was asking for permission if she was allowed to sit next to him. It was only when Steve gave her a sincere and bright smile did she decide to curl up next to the Captain.
She wanted to go home quicker than usual? She just whispered some sort of incantation and boom, she's teleported home.
Looking down on the floor, Ruby collected her thoughts and raised her chin up once she managed to figure out how to say her apology.
"Hey kid, what's wrong?" He asked as he crouched down right next to Ruby. "God damn it, Steve will kill me."
She might be out of that place but she got no home to come back to. She had no other relatives except for her parents.
The wind outside here was chilling, but she was content enough to have her comforter enveloped around her body like a cocoon, her mug placed on top of the table to her left. She looked at the stars that illuminated the night sky.
"Ruby!" Peter crouched down to where Ruby was laying and immediately checked for her pulse. Thank God. It was still there. "Hey, Ruby!" Peter shook her shoulders in an attempt to wake her up. He tried that a few more times but it didn't seem to work judging by the fact that Ruby didn't even move or twitch a single muscle in protest.
Ruby felt her energy getting drained as second by second passed. Black spots surrounded her vision. Then, her head hit the asphalt with a resounding thump.
"Hey Stark, can you take a look on my arm later? There's something stuck in between the plates. I tried tinkering with it but the thing is too small. I can't take it out." Tony made a noise that Bucky took as a yes. He'd just drop by the workshop later on if Stark forgot about it.
Not long after, he declared that Ruby was healthy overall, despite the fact that her blood sugar is quite lower than normal but that maybe because she hasn't eaten anything substantial ever since she was captured.
Ruby’s breathing began to get shallower and shallower by every second. Once Steve managed to reassure Tony that he wasn't suffering from any serious injuries from Ruby's attack, both men gathered themselves and approached the teenager.
Ruby was horrified when she thought about being put up for foster care. The idea of entrusting herself to some stranger sent unwelcomed chills crawling up her spine. Perhaps, she would just run away and live at the streets if she was lucky enough to escape social services.
"Didn't she tell you that the bond between a cosmic being and its vessel depend upon the trust you've built with each other? Now that you've openly rejected Infinity, your soul bond had been weakened even more. Poor thing. She was already weak anyway. I could see the thread of your bond barely hanging onto your soul. Now, it just vanished. "
Then Tony remembered the moment just before Ruby fainted. He was quite sure that it was an electromagnetic force, originating from Ruby, which caused them to be thrown backwards.
Ruby answered just as she settled the coffee tray onto the centre table. She handed a mug of black coffee to Wanda who took it with a grateful smile on her face.
Looking down at her, Steve couldn't resist running his hand through her long wavy blonde hair. He didn't know why the urge to protect her felt so strong in his veins at the moment.
Over time, Peter and Ned became her confidantes. There were no secrets between them so Ruby really felt bad about hiding what she felt about Tony and Steve. The three of them, seated cross-legged at the rooftop, continued to eat with talks of TV serious they could totally binge watch filling the silence. As it was, Peter was still being a baby about inviting MJ over to come hang out with them. When Ruby tried to hassle him about talking to her, Peter dismissed her with a wave of his hand. Apparently, he
Ruby swallowed down the shame, embarrassment and anxiety she was feeling and kept her face as blank as possible before asking, "Can we please go back to the tower?"
"Knock all the eight towers down and it's all yours!" With a smug smile thinking that she could do it, Ruby didn't hesitate to pick up a gun and shoot. Each release of breath was in sync with every bullet she dropped. It didn't escape both Steve and Tony to take in the practiced stance she effortlessly fell into.She was on the last tower when Ruby lost her concentration and failed to knock it down.
Everybody's attention turned Natasha as she spoke the question, looking at her like she's grown two heads. They were actually all clueless on how to go on about that. Both Ruby's and Peter's doctors would check on them in half an hour and it would definitely arouse suspicion if they see them completely fine.
Out of curiosity, Ruby stared at her hands. She wanted to test whether she could actually duplicate what she saw herself do in her vision. Well, that was what she decided to call whatever she saw a few moments ago. In her vision, she saw herself do basically whatever she wanted.
Ruby nodded yes to his question. "Are you hungry? It looks like you are. We made cupcakes earlier if you want." She asked politely but Bucky just shook his head at her question. "I should be the one asking you that. Look at you, you're a twig! I'll bet Clint's ass you didn't even have dinner yet."
"I- I'm s-s-so s-sorry." She struggled to stutter an apology in between breaths. Her heart was beating too fast with shame, anxiety and worry.
Vision said something back to the man but Wanda didn't hear what it was because her attention had been snatched away by the girl who looked exactly like the Captain, and by the overwhelming force was coming from her. Did Steve had a secret family, like Clint? Wanda could see the girl's aura. It was embracing her like a fiery cocoon, an enormous glow of orange, captivating and daunting at the same time.
Hurriedly, Tony pulled out an AI that was still in the making. It wasn’t advanced enough and fully developed yet but he was confident that it could track where this feed was filming. Right at the start, Tony knew that this was being filmed live and thanked whoever was there above that this man was stupid enough to send them a live camera feed. It gave them more than enough of a lead to track Ruby down.
With a final smile, Peter turned back and went on his street. Ruby sighed as she continued to walk on. The Voice was still quiet and as much as it pained her to admit it, she has gotten quite used to its constant humming. Without it, her mind felt so silent and she felt so utterly alone.
Nonetheless, Ruby hopped out of her bed and made her way through Peter's bedside. Both the guy's legs were in casts but the doctor have already informed them that Peter's healing factor was kicking in and that his bones would be fully reformed in a matter of hours. But why would Ruby make her friend suffer in bed when she knew herself that she could help him with her abilities?
Satisfied with the way she told her off, Ruby turned away from the waitress and followed the direction where she saw Peter slinging against her better judgement. As she was walking down the road, police cars raced through a moment after. No doubt that they would be where Peter was. On instinct, Ruby started to run in the pavement trying not to lose the cars. She knew it was futile to hope that she could keep up with motor engines, so imagine her surprise when she felt a boost of energy down her legs. Bit by bit, her muscles felt as though they weigh nothing at all and that she could run for hours. She felt so light and so freaking fast.
Reaching out, Tony squeezed Ruby's shoulder. He could understand that sense of regret. He loved his mum and although he never had a good relationship with Howard, he was still his father.
Her panic lessened when she heard the Voice again. She didn't even think twice to gather her energy. She could feel her power surging through her veins, quickly travelling down her calves and arms. Soon she felt it surround her. Almost like an invisible veil of energy wrapped tight to her body like a second skin. And it helped her find her balance.
"Don't you dare Tony!" Ruby shouted, her voice muffled as she struggled to keep her head tucked in Tony's neck. "Or I would destroy all you Iron Man suits! Don't think I wouldn't!"
But damn it if she wasn't competitive. No way in hell is she just going to stand here gaping like a dying fish. With a hard steel motivation, she pushed herself up and gave it her best to pursue Bucky.
Upon getting a full visual of her features, Bruce was taken by surprise with how much she resembled Steve. From the blonde of her hair down to the curve of her jaw.
Ruby hadn’t seen Infinity’s face before, even in her visions, but she was sure that the voice that occupied her mind for so long belonged to her. Now that she could properly distinguish her features, she could tell that her eyes were the same shade of fiery orbs that Ruby’s eyes turn into when she uses her abilities.
Could it be possible that they were finding a way for Ruby to control her abilities? And they always make her forget how so she couldn't retaliate back afterwards and that they had full control of when she could use them.
Wasting no time, Ruby formed luminescent spheres in her hand that resembled sizzling magma. She aimed continuously for Eternity’s head but the bastard had been quick. Deflating her attacks with an energy shield that was slowly bending against the spheres’ force, Eternity began to chant and mobilise a spell with his left hand.
She slowly turned her head to the direction of the voice and cracked her eyes open. She was back to the place where she first saw the embodiment of the Voice and immediately, Ruby knew that it must be Infinity who called out for her.
"It's not polite for me to just barge in." Tony snorted. Only Steve would bother being polite when he was in front of the epitome of impoliteness himself.
Spreading it out and eyeing it for detail, Tony confirmed that this is indeed a blueprint of the facility as it looked very similar to what he had managed to procure just a few minutes ago. One thing he did notice though was that there's a few more storey levels beneath what was supposed to be the ground floor.
Ruby looked at both men to give them a reassuring smile. "I'm okay now, though. That was two years ago."
Tony watched worriedly as she unintentionally dropped her clothes to clutch at her chest. He wanted to gallop over and help the girl but he knew that it would be useless, so he stood, literally in front of her, and watched as she clawed at her chest and tried to breathe as much as she could.
Now that Bucky’s already gathered his thoughts, he messaged Natasha and Clint about the situation just to hurry them up. He just came from a HYDRA related mission and Bucky couldn’t really shake the possibility that Ruby got kidnapped by them yet again. After all, it wasn’t even half a year since she got rescued, and from what he gathered from his missions, HYDRA never stopped looking for her. That was one of the maim reasons why he was mostly out of the tower. The Avengers agreed to make a fake trail to loose Ruby’s pursuers and Bucky was more than happy to volunteer for the job. Anything for Ruby’s safety.
"Okay, kid. Let me know if you need anything tonight, alright?" Tony said as he patted her hair and so she nodded once again to show that she understand.
Ruby's eyes lit up at the idea but she shook her head. "I'm not really in the mood to explain this to Tony and Steve." She replied, pointing at the red mark. It was only the two men in the tower today. She both saw them down in the communal floor eating breakfast this morning, just before she went up to the roof top. Apparently, Clint and Natasha would stay the weekend in California and left earlier to catch their flight. Ruby asked if they were dating but Tony only shook his head while saying, "God knows when those two idiots actually realise that they are." Bucky, on the other hand, had an appointment with his therapist and according to Steve, he tended to stay out of the Tower a few hours after it.
It had been decided that Wanda and Vision would remain in the tower for however long Ruby felt confident enough to discover her abilities more on her own. Ruby felt really bad for disturbing the couple especially when Vision had mentioned during their chat that they had been staying in the countryside for more than 2 years now, enjoying a normal life away from danger. The couple shook their heads simultaneously when she apologised.
"You're more hurt than me, you oaf." Ruby argued, noticing that Peter's healing ability was working more slowly than usual. "I need to call the Avengers."
She felt something touch the side of her elbow before she even had the chance to put down her dagger. Being the trained assassin that she was, she swiftly twisted her waist with her armed hand slotting in place beside the man's jugular.
In all honesty, she was scared, and she found it very frustrating especially since she knew that she's out of that place already and that Steve and Tony would keep her safe. But that was another thing that she was worried about. Ruby knew that this whole thing would be temporary. They could have dropped her off in an orphanage or just let SHIELD deal with her.
Peter was happily web slinging around Manhattan because he was too pumped up to just take the train from his apartment to the Avengers Tower. He heard that they were called in for a mission right after he left for home a week ago. Since he's technically an Avenger, albeit in training, he wanted to ask why they didn't call him in. Plus, he actually forgot to pay Mr Stark a visit for his new suit adjustments.
He was just about to sling towards Mr. Stark's lab window when his eyes caught something in the roof top. His focused his vision and almost toppled over at what he saw.
Steve was the first one who hurried towards Ruby, followed by Tony. The billionaire took hold of Spiderling, immediately asking Friday to run a scan on his injuries. On the other hand, the captain proceeded to check on Ruby. He bent down on one knee as his hands swiftly cupped the girl's cheeks, thumbs wiping the faint tears rolling down that was probably due to both fatigue and shock.
It reminded him of how Peter used to stay in the tower and often wake up in the middle of the night looking for him after the whole fiasco with Thanos.
Meanwhile, Ruby was still fully awake in the confinement of her bedroom. She had been so distracted with so many questions in her mind about how she freakily managed to magic her twisted joint to a fully functioning ankle in a matter of seconds.
"Hello? Earth to Ruby." Bucky snapped his fingers in front of her. It had been a few minutes since he released her from his embrace and the girl just stared in space. Probably overthinking about things again.
“Don’t worry. One thing I know about Ruby is that she’s damn stubborn. Girl wouldn’t back down without a fight.”  He whispered in assurance to which Peter just gave a small smile and a nod.
Ruby chuckled at his comment seeing that he was clearly worried about the situation. She felt bad but a game is a game, so Ruby clutched at his shoulder and leaned closer to whisper in his ear, "You're it now. I wasn't actually hurt."
The Voice commented again in the middle of Ruby icing her cupcake up. Still convinced that she was going crazy, Ruby paid it no attention and just proceeded in outlining some flowers.
He momentarily crouched down and raised his shield to cover himself as it got too bright and too warm to breathe. After a couple of seconds, he opened his eyes and couldn’t hide the gasp of surprise when he saw all the demons reduced into ashes. Scanning his surroundings, he saw Tony pulling himself up on a standing position. Relieved that he was alright, Steve immediately looked for Peter whom he found perched on a piece of rubble.
Ruby forced herself not to think about what the Avengers might be doing right now. Still, she cleared her throat before she spoke. "Are you dumb? Of course they wouldn't come at all. I'm just a charity case they've picked up in a mission. Spare yourself from the disappointed." Mordo only chuckled, which irritated Ruby even more. With that, Mordo assembled a video camera in front of her. He then stood next to Ruby's bed to face it and disgustingly caressed her arm, before shouting, "Servant!"
She gave him a confused look at his comment. Contrary to what he said, she believed that she didn't look
"Of course you can join too!These are your cupcakes in the first place!" Ruby replied back with an awkward laugh, and in a blink of an eye, her blank stare turned into a huge smile. "Yay! We can make Clint judge which one is the best."
“As I’ve said, it’s complicated. I’ll explain properly later so for now, please help me get rid of these demons.”
"Thank you, Mr Moustache Man! I'll make sure to tell others about how wonderfully rigged your guns are!" Ruby shouted before she hurriedly dragged her companions away again.
The facility had some sort of a crucifix layout with other rooms branching out from the main wings but what putting Tony off was that none of the rooms contained evidence that screamed HYDRA. Maybe he was just not observant enough but from a civilian's perspective, this would definitely look like a normal office building.
"Deal." Tony agreed. "Now, shoo. Let me do the cooking for once. You go chill out. Sing the national anthem or something."
"Stop giving me that look, Natalia." Bucky said without even glancing at her to know exactly what kind of look the woman was giving him. He rolled his eyes but continued chewing on his food while picking the jalapenos out in there. Steve just shook his head at his best friend's antics but made a promise to himself that he would still talk about this to him in private.
Mordo’s eyes widened in shock when he saw Ruby’s eyes open just as he was going to burn her into ashes.
"It was my mum first. Knife to the hollow of her throat. But my dad was a fierce thing. Managed to take down quite a few, but as strong as he may be, he was still human. There was no way out of a bullet in his head." Tony and Steve felt a great sympathy for having Ruby witness her parents' death. They couldn't believe that behind those eyes was a tormented past no one at such a young age should have gone through.
They didn’t have time to voice out their opinions because a girl who uncannily looked like Ruby came into view. She was wearing blue ripped jeans and a dark brown leather jacket on top of a stripped white shirt. Dropping her bag onto the floor, she passed through Tony like he was a ghost and lazily dropped her ass on the couch.
Clint on the other hand, decided to sprawl himself; stomach flat on the floor, while complaining about women and their barbaric way of waking people up.
Both Ruby and Peter paled at the AI's patronising voice. It looked like even Friday wasn't exactly happy with their behaviour tonight, so Peter really felt bad for asking her his next request. "Yeah, about that. Uh, would you mind not telling Mr Stark and Cap that we've come home?"
"Uh, yeah, he is. Remember when we went to the beach to celebrate your birthday? The man literally wouldn't stop finding seashells because you said you wanted to collect a hundred of them. Or that one time you begged him to allow you to go the circus with me and he folded faster than the speed of light, despite you being grounded." Peter argued.
“Oh that. We didn’t actually go tonight. All the three of us got detention, which we skipped, and our mood for watching a movie  got ruined so we just stayed at the school rooftop before we all headed home.”
“I apologise for this one. I forgot how she screams like a banshee. Anyway, you’re probably wondering why I contacted you. To answer your question, I am just proving a point to this brat. I made a deal that I’ll spare one of you if you come and save her. Not that it matters. You all will be dead at the end of this hour.”
Her constant wallowing had reminded her that she had lost everything. She lost 2 years of her life, her family and possibly even her identity. Ruby doubted that the Avengers would be willing to release her to the outside world using her real name.
"Uh, guys, not being a total kill joy, but I think we should head down now for our detention with Mr O'malley." Ned interjected at the middle of Ruby and Peter's verbal match about how Sam is the greatest hobbit in Lord of the Rings.
"That'll probably be my fault, guys. The scientists led me to an underground surveillance room. One of the cameras was showing Cap's location. I needed to get rid of them but I wasn't quick enough. One of them managed to push the alarm button before I nicked him in the neck." Tony heard Natasha's response lined with disdain because someone managed to get one up her.
The only thing that would be limitless at the end of the day would be how many times the Avengers would think she's gone mentally deranged if she tells them any of this.
Then everything turned black and the three superheroes found themselves in a grass field, standing underneath an angel oak tree. Tony and Steve couldn’t believe what they just saw. Ruby was actually their counterparts’ daughter in earth 3490 who died and was given another chance at life by Infinity.
"Even so, my orders were not to severely harm her. You are dismissed. Wait outside for your punishment." In a breath, the servant was out of the room. Ruby was still whimpering over the pain of her broken bones when the man took hold of her chin, forcing her to look at him.
As the Earth’s protector from inter-dimensional threats, Dr Stephen Strange was ashamed to admit that he had been sloppy in performing his job thoroughly. He should have placed Mordo’s situation above everything in his priorities. Due to having Mordo as his previous ally, the doctor was naïve enough to think that the issue involving him would not escalate even further.
Ruby resisted the urge to ask the Voice why she was weak. After all, she would only give her riddles as answers anyway. Dealing with this was enough headache as it was. She didn't want any more stuff complicating her life. For now, she would try her best to hold up the end of her bargain because shockingly, Ruby found the constant Voice in her head quite assuring, almost like an anchor and for once, she didn't feel as if she was all alone.
"No one will fight you fair out there, sweetheart." Steve lectured, still with that stupid grin on his face. Frustrated that she felt so helpless against Steve despite all the combat and skill training she had with Wanda and Natasha, Ruby figured she used her powers. She's more in control now, so no harm done, right? Plus, Steve had his super strength. She doubted that he was holding back on her.
For now, he'll play the strict Captain to punish the two teenagers who worried them last night. He actually went up to Ruby's room to wake her up at half 4 this morning but the sight he saw pinched at his soul. The kids were asleep, cuddled together on the bed while a movie was still playing on the TV.
Steve looked down at Tony's eyes for a moment and then smiled in defeat. He thought for a moment about what the other man’s statement implied. Of course, Tony was right. He remembered the time when he locked Wanda up in the Tower during the whole debacle with Ultron and he didn't want a repetition of that all.
She could not be hasty now. One wrong decision and she could cause the damnation of the universe. The rest would simply have to wait.
There were a few abrasions and bruises here and there but no serious ones. Nothing an antibiotic ointment and gauze could patch up. Just as about he was to open her eyes to check her irises, he saw the girl looking dead straight at him, observing him.
"Wait, hold on, I thought we're just training." Ruby said when he noticed Steve assume a fighting stance.
As if hearing Tony call for them, the door opened to reveal their counterparts hurrying to get to Ruby, but even before they managed to take a step into the room, time stopped.
"How are you feeling, sweetheart?" He asked, which made Ruby's heart swell from the concern that could be heard from his voice.
Tony did not expect the sudden burst of energy he felt after Ruby screamed. He looked over to where Steve was hunched behind the said girl and similar to him, he was forced back, stumbling a few metres behind. It didn't exactly hurt but its sharp shock caught them off guard.
Barely managing to stabilise his mystic energy, Stephen focused until his consciousness was face to face to Infinity. The entity’s appearance surpassed his wildest imagination. Her eyes burned with the rage of fire and he could feel the power surging off from the cosmic being, overwhelming his own consciousness. Infinity smiled at the doctor, but he couldn’t decide whether that smile was laced with kindness or a hidden motive.
"Could you pass me that pan, please?" Ruby asked and took the pan from the man with her free hand. After carefully setting the tarantula on the floor, Ruby immediately slammed the pan onto the spider to prevent it from crawling away.
“We will help you.” Steve decided. “But once we’re done dealing with Eternity, you will let go of Ruby.”
"I didn't realise the gym is off limits for me now." Ruby replied to which Tony just rolled his eyes.
A bang on the door jerked their attention away from the hologram. Mordo’s lackeys finally reached the communal floor. Even though the elevator and the door to the stairs were sealed and locked with vibranium, Natasha and Clint knew that they would get through them sooner than later. These creatures were laced with something. Maybe it was magic. But whatever it was, they made them abnormally strong and fast.
"Aww. You're no fun. How about we play a cupcake design competition, instead?" Ruby could already see his eyes twinkling at the suggestion despite the mask.
"You could have mine, if you don't like that one?" Steve suggested when he noticed Tony just staring at the ice cream.
At that moment, Ruby didn't care whatever this creature was or where it came from, and that it could probably kill her in less than a second. All she knew was that Peter was going to die if she didn't do anything about it. So Ruby took the broken steel pipe she saw behind the dumpster next to her and darted out of the alleyway with a scream.
Ruby knew that her companion was a bit wary of her. Not that she could really blame her for it. If it was Ruby in Wanda's shoes, she would be on her guard too, to say the least. But Wanda seemed like a nice person.
"Don't worry, I'll share half a cupcake of my extra ones with you." Spidey faked laughed at Ruby's poor attempt of saving his face but Clint and Natasha were already sharing a hearty laugh over him. Well more like Clint literally laughing his ass on the floor while Natasha's eyes glinted with amusement as she gave out a little snort.
"What? Uhm, no, no, I'm okay. I just can't believe I'm talking to the Black Widow and Hawkeye. Who knew I'll get to witness the Black Widow making cupcakes?" Ruby replied distractedly, still wondering if she actually heard the Voice from her dream or if she was hallucinating.
He watched in disbelief as the girl’s eyes glowed with fiery amber and her melted skin healed back to their normal supple texture.
Author's note: Sorry guys, that kinda got heavy with Eternity and Infinity's history. But hey, at least now you know their past. And just so you know, Infinity and Eternity are actual Marvel comic characters but their characterisation in this story is a product of my own. That was because I was too lazy to read any comics involving them so I just made their own background history. Lol.
"Oh, don't mind me." Ruby said with a nervous chuckle. "I was just practicing my vocal projection. I said shut up!" She lamely repeated with an overly done British accent. "It was one of the lines of this TV series I used to watch."
Steve had instructed her to punch heavy bags in the gym to test her strength and stamina. On her first try, she had been surprised that she was actually able to make the bag move. Steve, being the good coach that he is, was doing his best to encourage Ruby to give it her all.
Natasha raised an eyebrow at her lie but chose not to comment on it. Instead, she took the broken spatula out of Ruby's hand and casually replaced it with a new one.
Steve found her unconscious in the vault room. Her hands were shackled with thick heavy chains that it made it impossible for her to move without bruising her wrists. There was nothing but the dark and cold to accompany her in that prison.
"You insolent brat!" With her senses still not in array, Ruby wasn't able to keep herself from crying out when the vile principal smashed a hammer down her forearm. A sickening crack of bones echoed in the room along with the sound of the door being opened.
"Hey princess, it's like 3 in the morning. Totally way past your bedtime. Why are you still awake?" Tony said when he noticed Ruby just standing next to where Bruce was, looking at nothing. "Ruby, you okay there?"
she was supposed to learn how to control would all be according to her terms. The Voice, on the other hand, only had one thing to ask of her: that she trust the Voice, and therefore, follow her guidance because, Ruby quotes,
With her resolve as hard as steel, Ruby took the short three-legged stool just beside the sofa. She crept slowly towards the balcony door and reached out for the lock on the side of the glass door. Taking a deep breath to control her blistering heartbeat, Ruby quickly slid open the door and pointed the stool to the intruder.
Tony and Steve decided to set aside their questions first and nodded for Ruby to continue as if they knew that she had a plan in her head already.
"You could start on Monday, actually. Let me just call admissions up." Ruby wasn't really surprised that Tony was able to convince the College to admit her even at the middle of the school year. He asked Ruby if she was willing to catch up with the work and with just a nod, the man went on a heads-on negotiation with whoever on the phone was.
The trip down to the cafeteria didn't take too long. Probably because both guys seemed to never run out of things to talk about. Ruby found out that Parker was majoring in electrical engineering and shared the particle mechanics module with her. Ned, bless the guy, offered to lend Ruby his notes for her to catch up since they both major in the same field and literally have identical schedules.
Finally, his anger seemed to dissipate and gave both Ruby and Peter one last look before announcing that he would be down his lab and stormed through the elevator.
“Good morning. I, uh, just wanted to say goodbye before I go to Uni.” She shyly stated. “Also...  could I please come home late? Because, uh,  Ned and Peter wanted to go to the cinema tonight. I promise I won’t be no later than 10pm.”  Ruby wasn’t looking at either men while she spoke. Yesterday, she accidentally sent Steve flying across the gym room while they were sparring. She was still feeling a bit guilty even though she knew that his healing factor took care of the bruises and they were literally gone within an hour.
"Hey Spidey, since you can't tell me your name yet, can I call you Wilburforce?" The guy's left eye twitched at the name in apparent refusal.
They were all surprised to find him home since they knew that Fury gave him quite a hefty mission to finish. Natasha's eyes narrowed as she looked at Bucky. There was no reason why he would come home unless he was injured in the middle of a mission. It also looked like Steve came to a similar conclusion judging by the way he clenched his jaw and shook his head.
Ruby opened the door to come in the lecture hall. The professor had already started and didn't seem to care that she was late. Ruby looked for free seats and was relieved to spot Parker, Ned waving beside him, telling her to come and sit with them. Ruby walked up as quickly as she could to avoid creating distractions. She smiled at both guys before sitting down and pulling her laptop out.
The cosmic being released her hold and lied back down onto the ground as if she was just solemnly waiting for the time of her death. With all of the things she knew now, Ruby’s mind was set into helping Infinity. It came from the entity itself. The whole universe is at danger and if she was the one person who can make a difference in saving it, then she would die trying to stop Eternity.
Not even a second after, Ruby felt the most excruciating pain she ever experienced in her life. It was like her temples got impaled straight through. Then a sharp, burning hot twinge started at the middle of her chest, running down her arms, until it spread all over her body. Her fists were clenched in agony, fingers curled up tightly, as power surged through her veins making them glow a fiery bright orange.
"I'm pretty sure I'd remember it if I got a lady pregnant, Buck." He replied as he sharpened his pencil for the second time this morning. "Besides, I haven't had sex with women for ages." Tony choked on the coffee he was drinking. Did he just hear Captain America talk about his sex life? Sometimes, Tony could forget that Steve wasn't exactly the innocent angel the media liked to portray him as.
“Perhaps, my sister won’t be coming back anymore. A pity.” Mordo hissed. “What do you say, Ruby? Would you like a quick death, or a slow one?”
Everybody was so confused with how fast she spoke her last sentence and basically stormed out of the room. Steve and Tony looked at Bucky who just raised an eyebrow at them.
Vision didn't know whether that information should put him at ease, because at least they had a clue on what the girl might be, or put him on the edge. It looked like Wanda was more on tipping over the latter, going by the crease between her eyebrows and the way her eyes slightly turned bright red in apprehension.
Ruby waved back goodbye to the boys as they ran off. She took a deep breath before knocking on the wooden door with a golden metal plaque that read
O'Malley entered the room with a medium sized suitcase which he placed on the table beside Ruby's bed.
So here she was, treading along a decrepit hallway; the sound of her heels clacking against the floor tiles echoed to fill the deafening silence. It was dark, only illuminated by the occasional rays of sunlight coming from rooms with doors ajar and windows opened.
"You guys are having a party and didn't even invite us? Such a disgrace." Bucky nonchalantly teased as he walked towards the centre table to grab himself a giant slice of pepperoni pizza.
As the training continued, not only did Steve found out that Ruby possessed increased strength and stamina but enhanced speed and endurance as well. It was with the little things did her ability slipped out. Like when she managed to block Steve's punch with her arm, despite of deliberately landing a faster blow, and actually making him stumble a little bit backwards.
"I missed you. I heard you could finally use your powers, am I right? If I knew that sending you out to the outside world would trigger it, I would have done it sooner. Tell me, did Infinity introduced herself to you yet?"
Cracking her eyes open, she saw the demon’s talons covered in webs and she couldn’t help the smile that crept out of her face. Looking to her side, she saw Peter in his iron spider suit swinging down and leaving demobilised demons in his path.
Peter's words, not Ruby's. He just gave Ruby a shrug when she tried to blackmail him in telling Tony about how he failed to web himself up in time and fell straight into a dumpster, breaking his ankle in the process.
The day was spent looking at what different stalls had to offer, waiting in line for the next ride and smiling at the people who recognised Captain America and Iron Man because obviously, using NASA caps and sunglasses as a disguise could only avoid the public's prying eyes for so much.
He wasn't supposed to be back until two weeks from now but he lost quite a lot of blood and in need of enough time to recuperate. He didn't quite expect to find the girl alone in the library either when he came home.
"Damn, that was good." Ruby exclaimed after devouring her two burgers and fries. She was so full, she thought that she might fell of Spidey's back when they go web slinging back home. The prospect of going back home sounded good to Ruby now considering how tired she already felt but that was all forgotten when she looked up the sky and saw the sun. It was so pretty.
"Hey, Friday. This is Ruby. She will be staying with us in the Tower. Friday's an AI. She runs the whole building so anything you need, just tell her." Tony explained as he settled next to Steve.
Impressed with Ruby's endurance, Bucky gave her a lopsided grin before jumping across a higher block.
Bruce looked at the direction where Steve was and noticed that his shoulders straightened. He was sitting down but he was alert. Ready if the girl lashed out. She twisted her head around to take in her surroundings. Bruce saw her brow crunch in confusion before speaking.
"Parker? You're Spidey Peter?" Ruby couldn't believe that was the reason why he found Parker's voice so familiar. He was actually Spider-Man. No wonder the guy was such in a hurry to leave the cafeteria earlier.
Natasha didn’t shed a tear though. Because tears are useless and won’t do anything good to help the situation. Instead, she dragged her arms across Clint’s back and pulled him closer for a moment before she looked back at her family with a blank expression. Now was not the time to be emotional. They had someone precious to save.
"My parents and I were queuing for the Ferris wheel. I was eating my cotton candy while my mum and dad were talking about how amazing I did in my science project the other day ago." Ruby's lip curled up in a bitter smile at the thought.
“Tsk. Tsk. You aren’t healing as quick as I thought. I guess this is what happens when Infinity decides to diminish a soul bond. Shall we test how long you’ll be completely healed if I dive this even deeper?” Mordo applied more pressure onto the cleaver and Ruby’s whimpers yet again turned into a scream as the sharp knife prodded into her already gushing wound.
Tony had been tasked to create a detailed blueprint of the facility. So far, he had only gone through the west wing and most of the south wing. There had been a number of science labs and storage rooms that he had taken note off. Friday added them to the visual plan he had displayed on the monitor of his faceplate.
Once inside the building, Ruby went straight to the reception to introduce herself. The woman was nice enough to give her the schedule for her lessons as well as instructed her which building she should go to in order to meet the college principal. Apparently, he wanted to meet her just to make sure she could adjust well into the new environment.
The room was filled with silence until it was broken by a knock on the door before it swung open to reveal Iron Man with a pile of clothes in his hands. His faceplate was down and Ruby took note the annoyed expression he was sporting.
And obviously, she was married to Steve freaking Rogers because said man came out of a door that looked like his office when Ruby called for him. Both female stark and Rogers number 2 had a ring on their finger.
“First and foremost, let me introduce myself. I am Baron Mordo, vessel of Eternity, and if you haven’t figured it out yet, Ruby’s captor for 2 years.” The man’s brown eyes glinted a menacing shade of azure for a moment, very much like how Ruby’s eyes became fiery orbs when using her abilities. Bucky wanted to gouge his eyes out and feed them to a stray dog. This was the monster who tormented Ruby and he’d be grateful to give him a slow and painful death.
"There's one thing I do know though." Ruby raised his eyebrow to urge him to continue. "We're totally screwed." She looked around the area and saw it crawling with reporters.
Wanda shook her head as she clicked her tongue against her teeth before looking Ruby straight in the eyes and speaking. "No, you're not scared of being alone. You're afraid of yourself. Afraid of what you can do, afraid of that Voice inside your head."
Each intake of her breath was controlled. So far, there doesn't seem to be anyone within this side of the facility but that didn't mean anything. In fact, it made the black widow even more alert. No place could be utterly quiet as a grave.
Infinity crouched down next to Ruby’s body. She placed her hand in the middle of her chest and for a moment, Ruby’s body arched up, as if the cosmic being was sucking something out of her body.
Ruby said in dismay. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. It sounded like some plot of a bad scifi movie.
With the swarm of demons in the area, Ruby found it hard to locate Eternity. She tried to search for his consciousness but that required extreme calm and focus, something she couldn’t afford when she was trying to protect herself from the hellish beings attacking her. Out of luck, she saw his cape in the corner of her eye but noticed that he was escaping.
"I detect radio and microwaves originating underground. Looks like it's blocked by a strong electromagnetic shielding too. Other than that, Nothing else Boss."
Ruby ended up following Bucky to the gym. She thought that they'll probably start working out or something like that, but when Bucky basically ignored all of the equipment in there and went straight through a door just in the corner, Ruby couldn't exactly deny that it didn't pique her curiosity.
Steve was definitely convinced that the girl was enhanced. In no way could a girl with more bone than muscle could punch her way through a hundred pound bag without breaking a sweat, that even Tony himself who's had years of training struggled to keep up with. Steve decided not to call Ruby out about it. From what it looked like, she either had no idea of what she had done considering how she was just staring at the bag on the floor with confused eyes.
With every shout and every push, Ruby could feel the power in her veins pulsating. It was as if it was responding to Steve's orders. Her punches were getting stronger and stronger, faster and faster. The chains that held the bag were rattling against its restraints and Steve's eyes widened in shock when it snapped and the bag hit the ground with a resonant thump. Even Bucky and Peter, who were sparring at the opposite end of the gym, paused and took a moment to glance at their direction, faces filled with surprise.
"Good Morning, Ruby. I was told by Miss Maximoff that she will be with you in a moment." Ruby rolled her eyes. She supposed she could do some exercise on her own while waiting for her. However, it looked like she didn't need to because as soon as she entered the gym, she found Steve and Tony sparring in the ring. The two were so focused they didn't see her pull up a chair and settle her ass down so loud it smacked the cushion.
"Guys, sorry for being a kill joy but I've got to go now. Aunt May is gonna kill me. I still have an essay due tomorrow for University." Spidey whined.
Tony’s grip on Steve’s hand got tighter, “Steve, She’s dead. The girl is fucking dead, Steve! Where the hell are her parents?”
“Now, as much as it had been fun, I need to cut this short. There are other things I’d like to experiment with. Ruby, would you please be a dear and say your last words?” The girl just silently looked at the camera. Even though she didn’t utter a single word, her eyes spoke volumes and Steve couldn’t help but choke down sob at her predicament.
Ruby could actually point out the exact moment Tony's fuse burned and collapsed. Rage consumed him and he took one deep breath before dropping a bomb.
Soon enough, Clint and Natasha joined them in the living room. Both of them were wearing oversized jumpers, more so on Natasha which highlighted her skinny legs even more.
Steve sat on the couch in the communal living room of the Avengers tower, his legs folded, one on top of the other. His dirty blonde hair was sticking at all angles as he did not bother to damp it down the moment he woke up.
"But I think Ruby was dropped as a baby." Bucky commented. "Seriously, the girl didn't just share similar physical features with you, Stevie. It looks like she got your tendency to pick up fights with people bigger than you. You sure she isn't your long lost child?" Steve, who was just sitting nicely and comfortably on the couch while drawing, broke the tip of his pencil at Bucky's statement.
So like a lost puppy, she followed Tony around and leaned herself against his doorway as she watch him prepare and pick up his arc reactor.
"Friday woke me up. She said that Ruby was in the balcony of the communal floor but didn't want you to know. I think she thinks she's being a burden. But I brought her up back to her room when she fell asleep on my arms after giving me a hug." Tony tried to hide his smile at the thought of Steve tucking the girl back to bed. It was surprisingly endearing.
She felt her heart slam against her ribcage because no matter how powerful she got, she wasn’t an expert in combat at all, but now was not the time to fret. She placed all her worries aside and focused on the matter at hand.
With one final stroke of her hair, the Voice decided to let Ruby go and send her back to her own reality.
She didn't know how long she was unconscious because after having herself hauled inside of what she was sure of was a van, she knew that the damn drug they injected her with had already taken effect. She wasn't able to keep track of where they were heading. Ruby remembered that she tried to pick out the auras of her captors but it seemed like her abilities were nullified as well.
Ruby was too occupied in dealing with her enemies at the front that she couldn’t manage to take care of those behind her too. She didn’t notice the demon that pounced behind her, ready to slash the back of her head with its talons until Infinity screamed in her head.
"You're one of our own now." Steve said, hand landing on top of Ruby's head. "And we take care of our own."
Tony struggled to support Peter’s dead weight upright so Steve led them to the couch to sit down. They allowed the boy to bow his head down in between his legs to calm himself and ride out his panic attack. After some time, Peter took a deep breath in and exhaled out loudly. He tried to clear his head but he was still overwhelmed by the sheer amount of anxiety he could feel about Ruby’s disappearance.
Ruby resisted the urge to smack her friend, mainly because he had enough broken bones to compensate for that comment. "That fact is all hush hush. Only you know about it." Peter smiled at the thought of being the first one to ever discover, but then frowned when he reached for Ruby's shoulder, his fingers feeling warm blood oozing out of her skin.
"They won't think I'm crazy or send me down to the scientists to be examined?" Bucky's heart broke at Ruby's question. With what happened to her at such a young age, he wasn't surprised to know that the girl found it hard to trust people around her.
"If you tell them about the Voice just like you've told me, they will not judge you. If I didn't, then I'm sure as hell that Steve won't. Or Tony. Or Clint. Or anybody else you're worried about. Isn't that right, guys?"
Steve shook his head. It would have been great if Tony and Ruby stayed with him so they could all talk about her powers in private. But boy, he couldn't get mad at Tony for his antics. Annoyed, yes, but mad? No.
"Tony, Steve, I'm really sorry about my behaviour for the last few days. It was very rude of me to just lock myself up when you didn't even have to give me a room in your tower. Thanks for taking me to the theme park as well. It was really nice of you to do that." Ruby said while looking straight into their eyes in the hope that they would see how sincere she was.
Tony and Steve followed Natasha through the rubble where she showed them a vault door secured behind two layers of criss - crossing metal grilles. Natasha passed the pieces of documents she printed from the surveillance room to the Captain.
"Uh, I can break his bones again?" Ruby said. She was saying it jokingly, of course, but Peter glared at her like she suggested to throw away his Lego collection just to spite him.
Finally, it decided that taking food from a human stranger didn't seem very harmless and hurriedly bit into the apple.
The tears that were threatening to fall finally rolled down Ruby's cheek. But they were not of sadness, or despair. They were of relief. With the way Steve spoke with finality, Ruby felt as if there was a big thorn that was plucked out of her chest, allowing her to breathe freely again.
“That answers Ruby’s physical situation. But how about her soul? She wasn’t from this reality at all, isn’t she? Who is she?” The doctor asked.
"That wasn't just him. Tony helped me find seashells too. And, Tony argued with Steve about the circus so in the end I had to be back home at 8pm sharp. "
Ruby didn't know whether to be relieved that the Voice's chattering seemed to stop, or to feel even more nervous than usual because she didn't know what the Voice was up to. After all, it wasn't like she could tell what the Voice was spewing in her non-existent metaphorical brain even when she was constantly chattering. What more when she was silent?
Suddenly, a portrait of a man with silvery blonde hair smiled down at Ruby in her mind. She blinked and her gaze focused back onto Wanda's eyes. Did she just telepathically sent Ruby an image of her brother?
“The tower’s under attack. We already cleared from Level 13 down but the floors above that have too many hostiles for us to handle. No one has come to our private floors yet so that gives us time to formulate a plan. Anything on your mind, Cap?” Natasha asked in between puffs of air as she tried to catch her breath.
Steve looked at the wall clock and frowned. It was already 10:30pm. Most of the time, Ruby either calls or leaves a message if she knew that she will come home later than what she asked permission for. With a strange, anxious feeling in his chest, he paused the movie and pulled his phone out to call Ruby. He called twice but there was no answer both times.
"Steve?" Ruby asked in a small voice, still looking up as she mapped the different constellations she could find in the night sky.
Ruby's eyes snapped to Bucky who was already sitting up and testing his mobility around his wound. The torn flesh was slowly healing itself up and the pain just felt like a dull throb now.
O’Malley palmed the syringe in his pocket. The girl was clearly vulnerable. Spider Man would be in no condition to protect her as he lied on the ground, incapacitated yet conscious. One quick stab to the neck and the evoracin would kick in immediately. In a matter of seconds, he could portal the girl through to the master.
"Yeah, I know. Human centipede isn't exactly my kind of flavour as well. So what are we gonna watch today? Please don't tell me it's one of those black and white movies released in the 1940's. Save those for Bucky." Tony pleaded, not taking his eyes off the Starktablet from where he was reviewing his latest project but Steve still saw the pout he was sporting from this angle.
"Very well. Get on the elevator and I'll direct you to the communal floor." With her comforter draped around her shoulders, Ruby followed Friday's order.
With no more words exchanged between them, all the three of them continued with their work. Once all of the cupcakes had been iced, Spidey placed the 3 main ones with their designs on a separate tray and shouted for Clint to come in the kitchen.
After Ruby introduced herself to both of the men, Steve went back sitting on that corner a few metres away from the door, his eyes not leaving whatever Dr Banner was doing with her who was actually going on about how the mitochondria found in eukaryotes use to be independent organisms.
"I don't know how you take your coffee so just take whatever you want." Ruby said while gesturing towards the jar of sugar and milk she prepared.
"Count me in or I'll poison the next batch of cupcakes." Natasha blankly stated with her hand already grasping a tray fresh from the oven. Ruby couldn't actually tell whether she was joking or not.
Ruby suddenly realised that she was in front of two people she hasn't met before. The woman with platinum blonde hair was looking at her amused while the man with the frying pan was giving her his best judging face unashamedly.
"Nope! Nuh, uh." Ruby was cut off by Tony's sharp dismissal and immediately closed her mouth. "You don't get to explain either." He accused. "You should have called us! Not pretending to be a knight in shining armour with a damned steel pipe!" The next few sentences that came out of Tony's mouth were accusations and complaints about children and how they were making him grow grey hair way earlier than he was supposed to.
Both men were alert to their bones. Tony was already beckoning for his suit while Steve ran his eyes through the room, assessing for possible threat.
Tony let out a massive victory yell to which the Avengers hoped to be good news. “I got a location.” He typed something really quick on the screen and a hologram of a run down 3 storey building in Ohio popped up. “Ruby should be there.” Tony pointed at the heat signatures highlighted on the 3rd floor.
"You don't know half the shit I do. Mr Stark would have grounded me off from the lab ages ago if it wasn't for Cap."
"That was a signal that the Director of SHIELD needs us in the headquarters. If it's alright with Cap and Tony, I wouldn't mind staying in the tower with you. I assume you'd like company rather than being alone?" Ruby felt touched that the doctor actually thought of her well-being. However, she didn't want to damn the nice man into babysitting duties. She wasn't a child anymore, she didn't need constant adult supervision. And the tower is the safest place she could ever be.
With her forefinger tucked readily against the trigger of a glock 26, she crept forward to the room where she thought she heard noise and pushed the door open. Inside, there were bunk beds covered in what supposed to be white but were now dusty grey plain linen.
What's important is that Ruby felt like she could trust these people, much like how she knew that she could trust Tony and Steve.
The Voice said but no matter what it says, Ruby would never ever believe that it's real. She understood that hearing voices in the head is a sign of some kind of mental health problem. So as long she could still differentiate between what's real or not, she'll be fine.
"Ow! What the hell!" Ruby shouted as she scrambled backwards away from her assailant while she stroked her cheek to soothe the pain. It took her a few moments before she recognised who just hit her.
"Aw, shucks." Ruby pouted when she realised she didn't succeed, but then she remembered that she was literally with Captain America and Iron man themselves.
"Tony! I take it back!" Ruby shouted, not even knowing if he was nearby or what. "I love you from the bottom of my heart!"
Out of sympathy for their friend, both Steve and Natasha decided not to call him out about it. At least not in front of everyone.
Well, what he meant was that he called Pepper and told her that there's an 18 year old girl living with them so he needed her help to get supplies. As expected, that resulted in screams and shouts from his stunning but scary CEO. It ended with promises of dinner in the tower when he told her Ruby's story though, so it was all good. After sunrise, Friday informed Tony that the boxes had been delivered to the penthouse already.
"I'm a strong and independent woman. I'll be fine walking home." Ruby was touched with Peter's sentiment, really, but his house was literally on the opposite direction of the tower and she didn't want to bother him with that. It wasn't like she couldn't protect herself if anything bad happened.
Unlike this one who could make everything she has always wanted to come true. Once they've joined, nothing could stop them anymore. They would be the greatest of all the greatest, the god of all gods.
Ruby slowly shut her eyes just as the Voice had instructed, her heart was full of reluctance in doing so yet it possessed an inclined obedience. As soon as she was swallowed in darkness, everything that her senses could pick up had been amplified two times over.
Ruby waited for what seemed like forever. Still, she was met with silence. It was when she heard the door cracking open and Infinity still hasn't answered did she began to feel worried and anxious. She knew that there was something wrong. She couldn't feel the cosmic being at all.
Up in Tony's penthouse, Steve swung Ruby's door open only to find the two teenagers nowhere to be seen.
"Uh, yeah, go ahead." Ruby ignored the Voice's refusal as she saw Wanda's fingers reach out for her temples. By instinct, Ruby closed her eyes and soon enough the darkness behind her eyes was filled with a vision. There were children. Two, to be precise. It didn't take too long for Ruby to figure out that she was looking at a young Wanda and Pietro along with their father. They seemed blissful, happy and content, but as swift as a raging bullet, the children's smiles vanished into thin air.
frost handwriting. She looked so hopeful yet hesitant so Steve gave her a wide smile to acknowledge their apology and effort. The action seemed to brighten the girl up because her lips stretched into a wide grin and she clapped her hands twice as she went back to frosting the waffles.
Bucky has the tendency to ignore his own pain which had been an issue ever since he decided to serve SHIELD under Fury's command as a high profile agent. He wouldn't admit it but Steve and Natasha both knew that Bucky believes that it is the only way to punish himself and repent for the
sweet wife and alter her memories to convince her that her husband had been coming home every night after office hours watching soccer, rather than bewitched into unconsciousness under a sorcerer's spell and stocked inside his own office cupboard, tied up.
The Tower was even more extravagant in person than how Ruby saw it in television. The glow of the Avengers symbol shone even brighter than the city lights. People clad in designer business suits buzzed in and out of the building. Some looking as if they were rushing to catch their train home whereas, others were content on walking slowly while chatting and drinking their coffees. Tony led them towards the private elevator.
His stance hardened, his gaze focused intently on the words spelt in every page. Deadly silent, he passed the documents back and bent the grilles apart open with his bare hands. Just enough that they could cut off the security wires, making the lockdown of the door to malfunction.
“Let her live a normal life. You owe her that much. So break off the soul bond and you both go separate ways. You go back to being a full pledged guardian of the universe and Ruby goes back to being a teenager.” Tony added as he looked at the cosmic being with a determined expression that suggested no room for arguments.
Ruby rolled her eyes at the thought that this creature had a soul. Despite being completely out of the loop and unsure of what the Voice just told her to do, Ruby didn't hesitate to climb the eight feet tall monster with her enhanced speed. She cradled its head with both of her hands, the fiery orange strips of energy coming from the tips of her fingers danced across its face and neck. It tried to struggle, its sharp claws swung and slashed down her back. She felt them dug deep in her skin, making her scream in agony but she didn't let go.
As soon as Ruby heard these words, she woke up staring at the sky painted ceiling of her bedroom in the Stark Tower.
Looking around, she found a vent opening secured by square plastic grilles situated at the top right corner of the room from where she was facing. Wasting no time, Natasha used a rickety wooden table as a leverage to prop herself up.
The point at which their hands were in contact began to glow that reminds Ruby of a star. Both women gave each other a small smile as they felt their soul bond reform and rekindle. But it wasn’t the same one, no. This one was new and stronger.
“Hey, Princess. We’re glad that you’re alive and all but there are literally hundreds of demons here.” Tony gestured to the battlefield.
It was only when she saw Steve flying across the end opposite end of the ring did she realise that she forgot to control her strength. The impact had Steve break through the ropes. His back smashed on the wall, denting it before he slid on the ground.
Steve winced at the obvious lie. Of course, he didn't call her out for it. God knows, he didn't have the right when he himself was guilty of the same crime just after he woke up from the ice.
Steve crossed his arms at his chest while Ruby leaned her full weight against Steve. She was still a little bit exhausted from the fight considering that was the longest time she tried to use her powers.
She didn’t get the chance to respond because the next thing she felt was the biting shock of electricity that run from tips of her fingers down to her toes. Her body wildly failed. The manacles around her wrists dug deeper in her flesh as she swung; her weight felt much heavier as she breathed through her nose.
Both assassins snapped their necks to the source of the scream. To their amusement, Peter, with still his mask on, was running away from the girl rescued from the hydra facility a week ago. Apparently, her trauma was triggered after spending time with Tony and Steve in a theme park so they didn't really had the chance to meet her properly.
"Yup." Bucky said, popping the 'p' at the end of the word as he slowly nodded. The kid looked so dejected at the fact and Bucky couldn't help but wonder why.
He touched Ruby's shoulder as he went past her, climbing the same obstacle she was at, faster than she could register it. "You're it!" Ruby's mouth gaped open in disbelief as she watched Bucky run ahead of her.
Now, what could she do? It was only five in the afternoon and it was way too early for her to get dinner.
"No, it's alright. It's my favourite flavour." He replied as he took the sweet in his hand, smiling at the thought that Steve remembered what he likes.
"And pray tell, what were you thinking about?" She whispered, her lips slightly grazing Vision's ear as she straddled his lap.
It didn’t take long for all the three superheroes to notice that something was beginning to happen with Ruby. She was hovering above the ground, a glowing amber globe resting in the middle of her chest. Her eyes were wide and twinkled with fiery. Slowly, the globe grew brighter and bigger.  Now the demons all looked up at her. Entranced by the sight, the fighting all but stopped as they contemplated what the hell was going on in silence.
It seemed that that the short distraction of the symbiote was all Spidey needed. Still incapacitated with his broken calves, he webbed the monster's feet together to limit its movement. It looked like Spidey upgraded the strength and endurance of his webs going by the fact that the symbiote was actually struggling to get out of it unlike the way it tore them off effortlessly last time.
"Sure! I'd be glad to." Ruby actually just had one lecture and she was done for the day so it wouldn't hurt to hang out with them. Plus, she thought that it would be cool to start getting to know them as well. They seem like they would be good friends.
While Peter was inside the fast food chain, Ruby looked up at the big yellow letter 'm' of the logo stand towering just behind her. She wondered if she could somehow practice her power by getting herself up there.
That wasn't too bad of a punishment actually. Ruby thought she could probably do with some training considering she doesn't really have anything to do much in the Tower. She was just about to ask what they would be working on when Steve cut him off, "We'll start at 5AM sharp."
Steve rose from his seat and fixed Ruby’s collar as it was standing up from the back. Then he placed his large paw on top of Ruby’s head before smiling down at her. “Have fun with Ned and Peter.” Finally, Ruby looked at Steve and gave him a big smile.
So with both of his hands cupping Ruby's cheeks, Bucky looked at her straight into the eyes. "No, Ruby. Nobody will send you down to the scientists. Nobody will think you're crazy." He spoke slowly, with absolution and complete honesty.
"You better hurry up, boys. You gotta see something quick. It's not pretty." Tony heard Natasha mutter through the earpiece. With his back turned away from where Cap was, Tony threw his mini missiles, the impact of the boom resonating through the hallways.
Natasha could hear a faint conversation taking place between five, if not four people, from a distance.
Ruby groaned so loud and threw her pillow, which Wanda just easily sidestepped to. Figuring that there's no point arguing with her, Ruby walked towards her wardrobe to grab a change of clothes and a towel. She was about to step into the shower when she heard Wanda call, "Meet me at the gym when you finish!"
"Rise and shine, Princess!" Wanda's thick Sokovian accent filled Ruby's ears along with the sharp rhythmic clapping of her hands. Ruby refused to open her eyes and crunched her nose as she mumbled incoherent complaining noises while she buried her face further down her comforter.
"Then, he died. Fell off the train and I couldn't do anything. Next thing I knew, I woke up in this century. A few years later, and there Bucky was. Alive and well with a left metal arm. Except he couldn't remember me at all. He was manipulated by Hydra, got his memories wiped to prevent any memories from his past to resurface. So I did everything I could to get him back. Tony was there too, as well as the other avengers. They understood that Bucky was under the influence of Hydra." Ruby couldn't help it, she all but dove to give Steve a tight hug; her head tucked under his chin. She could tell Steve was surprised because it took him a minute to eventually wrap his arms around her.
He just waved his hand frantically towards the direction of the entrance door because he didn't really want to lose his focus. One wrong move and he would need to start all over again. As soon as he managed to slot the little screw in position, Tony looked up to find Steve sitting on his couch; sketchbook already propped open on an empty page in his lap.
"Please?" He looked at Ruby, eyes widening as he took in her expression; her resemblance to Steve was utterly undeniable. The blonde hair and the blue eyes didn't help either.
“They are cosmic beings, meaning they were highly involved with the creation of the cosmos. Siblings with the same purpose, they cultured the universe together. However, Eternity decided to rebuild the universe, destroying galaxies after galaxies, but Infinity did not stand by that and so they took vessels to fight each other. Eternity took Mordo and Infinity took Ruby by forming soul bonds. That’s where Ruby got her abilities.”
Bucky bit his cheek in thought before speaking. "The boy was just trying to help." Bucky would bet Steve's shield that Peter didn't know how powerful the symbiote was. He probably didn't even know what it was.
"Save what for me?" Bucky grumbled; still drowsy from sleep and yawning his way to the open kitchen.
Bucky couldn't really say no when she flashed those big blue eyes at him in expectant hope. He was pretty sure that he should assess Ruby's endurance first before letting her run free but she was already climbing up the obstacles.
Ruby narrowed her eyes at the sudden realisation. Why the fuck did she not do anything to get her out of that hell hole? She couldn't help the resentment she felt about it. The Voice could have saved her. Hell, she could have even saved her parents!
"I'm going to be fine here alone. I don't want to be the reason why the Avengers were lacking man power for a mission just to take care of a teenager. And just like you said, I got Friday."
"Mr Stark, I'd like to inform you that the paperwork required by Ms Potts is due to be signed by lunch at the latest." Friday's voice halted their sparring session. Steve went to the corner to reach for a towel while Tony took a large gulp of water. His eyes landed on Ruby and they seemed to widen in surprise for a moment before he swallowed and placed his water bottle down.
However, as much as she loved reading Rowling's and Riordan's works, Ruby decided to pick up a book about Molecular Biology. With the book clutched in her hand, the teenager sauntered towards the sofa and lied on her stomach with her elbows supporting herself up as she read.
"The library is always empty except weekends when Peter stays here overnight, so I know I wouldn't run the risk of seeing Stevie with my wounds. That man is a mother hen." Bucky explained which made Ruby chuckle, but considering the little facts she knew about what these two men had been through together, she understood where Steve was coming from. If her best friend died and came back alive, she would have a hard time letting them out of sight too, let alone sending them alone to solo missions.
They couldn't really grasp what the point of Project: Infinity was. A lot of experiments testing both her physical and mental capabilities had been done to her but they failed to see their significance. The whole procedure was just unusual and eerie. Not like the previous cases the team had seen. Almost like they were trying to get to know how her body works but were unsure on how to go about it.
"Hey fellas. I confirm that this place is definitely not abandoned." Tony heard Natasha whisper through the earpiece. "I've got some scientists here talking about some kind of project. I'm following them through the vents."
To take his mind off the distraction, Tony decided to make use of his hands. He opened all the drawers visible from his position.
"I'm not the only one seeing this, right?" Tony asked the team. He was right. Ever since that incident from the theme park in Brooklyn, he has suspected that Ruby had some sort of ability. Why she decided to keep it hidden from them, Tony didn't know. His heart, although he wouldn't really admit it, clenched at the thought that the girl was probably still wary of them. Trust was a hard thing to gain, after all.
"Of course. I even had Pepper arrange your new identity for you." Tony said as he pass Ruby a folder. She frowned at the contents. It said there that her new name would be
"Easy, Nat. It's just me." Natasha lowered her weapon once she realised that she was about to cut Cap.
"So you're a Peter, huh? I would have thought you're more like a Tom, or maybe Andrew." Spidey, or shall Ruby say, Peter, looked at her like she's grown two heads and then stared at Tony accusingly but softened his gaze a minute later.
"You know, normal people use the main entrance when entering the tower." Ruby commented once she has finished sewing the wound up. She quickly gathered the equipment she used and dropped them to the basin. She'll sterilise them later on once she's gotten rid of the blood stain of the carpet and the sofa.
Peter finished frying just as Tony and Bucky sauntered their way into the kitchen. He quickly plated them and placed it in front of the three men they were trying to make up to. Well, just two, since Bucky wasn't technically counted. Ruby gave them waffles identical to what Steve had and the two just stood in front of the three superheroes, apron and all.
Steve dramatically sighed before standing up from his seat on the couch to grab said notebook. He raised it up then shook it in his hands to emphasise that he had taken it already and placed it on the coffee table.
Steve was baffled with the way she was reacting. She did not seem scared or anything like that. Confused, yes, but she didn't even flinch when Bruce held her shoulders to steady her in a sitting position.
With a sigh, Ruby asked Friday if there was a library anywhere in the tower. Thankfully, there was one in the communal floor just across from the living room.
Ruby tried to open her cabinet door with a flick of her wrist, just like how she saw herself do in the Vision only to feel stupid afterwards as it remained closed.
"Rogers." Steve answered as soon as he was in the kitchen, the sounds coming from the movie faint and unclear.
"Natasha! Save me!" Peter jumped over the counter and hid behind Natasha, which looked absolutely ridiculous considering she was so much shorter and was holding a piping bag.
“For now, all you need to know is that all these demons were transported here by Mordo using his portals. Well, he’s actually Eternity and got something to do with me and Infinity. He escaped with a portal so he isn’t here anymore.”
Tony wanted to call her out for saying thank you about taking her to the theme park because he believed that it was basically his fault that Ruby had a panic attack. If he didn't suggest to go to that damn theme park, Ruby wouldn't have to relieve traumatic events in her life.
Soon enough, the power came back and both men did not have to speak out loud to voice out their mutual intention of providing Ruby the moments of peace she desperately needed.
Steve snorted and flicked Tony's forehead in retaliation. He didn't really know what came over Tony today, but boy, was he glad. So he sat himself down in front of the television, scanning through the channels to find a decent show to watch. Not fifteen minutes later, he heard Tony scream and the sharp clatter of metal colliding and falling.
Without thinking, Ruby focused her power's energy in her hands until she saw the familiar fiery orange glow of her veins down to the tip of her fingers and just wanted to break that truck in half. As soon as she motioned her hand towards its direction, the truck split itself, startling the symbiote.
"What the hell? When they said you looked like Steve, I didn't know they meant that you were his clone." Bucky said as Ruby took his flesh arm and placed it around her shoulder to help him walk.
Peter was just about to make a turn on the left when his senses blared in alarm. The hair at the back of his neck stood in apparent danger. Karen, his AI, informed him that there was a hostage situation happening at a nearby bank just five minutes away from them.
The stench of rotting leaves and tree branches, made her cough all the way through until she found herself in a grassland. Only this one had more dead twigs and less green leaves.
Infinity sighed at the gasp that came out of the girl. “I really appreciate it, my child. But look.” She pointed at Ruby’s chest.  “The light of your candle is not there anymore. We could not go back and defeat my brother. It’s over.”
"You don't wanna know, kid." Bucky replied as he groaned when the girl poured saline solution to irrigate the wound. "You don't need to do this, either. My healing factor would take care of it and in a few hours I'll be good as new."
"So what I want you to do is to find out how exactly Hydra is hiding itself from plain view. Gather as much information as you get. Remember that this will be a recon mission. If you encounter hydra agents, do not initiate contact. We will formulate a plan upon your arrival with the intel. You will leave this afternoon. Am I being clear?"
"Damn it!" Ruby's fingers were so close to touching the side of his arm! The block Bucky was on was too far away for her to jump but if she didn't, she would have to go around and that would give Bucky so much time to get away from her.
With heavy footsteps, the creature started to plough its way through the swarm of officers who were uselessly shooting at it. All it did was absorb the bullets into its goo-like body (which looked very disgusting in Ruby's opinion) and throw them back at 'em. Peter was still crouching in his knees, stomach held tightly with his left hand while heaving his guts out in a violent cough. The creature was approaching him in a worrying speed but he was able to recover just in time to web its hands together and land a kick on its stomach.
The emotional pain combined with the ache of her broken bones drove her towards the edge of consciousness. The last thing she saw was Mordo's wide grin before she closed her eyes.
Ruby didn't mean all of that. She just said that in spur of the moment. Ruby have trusted Infinity. And, she still will. If they could just talk to clear everything up.
"I'm so sorry." She apologised as she threw her arms around Bucky. She didn't know why she felt so emotional but all she knew was that she was back with the people she felt safe with who she was starting to think of her own family somehow. But she wouldn't ever tell them that. The Avengers had all other better things to do, like save the world twice all over again. They didn't need a clingy teenager asking for their attention like she had the right to.
Bucky just chuckled. "I'm not judging." He said as he took his plate to the sink to wash it off. "Everybody here is a little bit unstable if you think about it."
"Had a lot of those, actually." The words came out abruptly before Steve could even stop it. Horrified that he just outed himself to Tony, he felt his cheeks flush furiously in embarrassment and swiftly closed his notebook with an audible snap. Bucky wasn't really surprised since he knew about Steve's sexuality even before the war and it never had been an issue between them. Tony, on the other hand, tried his best to hide his shock. He didn't want to come across as homophobic after all. Heck, he didn't have the right to be when he, himself, swung both ways. He was just taken by surprise, that's all.
Ruby watched in amazement as the creation of the universe flashed before her eyes. She couldn’t believe and comprehend even the slightest complexity of what she was seeing but there was two things that she understood. First, was that all that’s created were good and second, the life of the universe fuelled both the cosmic entities’ hearts. Ruby didn’t even know whether she was worthy enough to know all these things.
As the realisation settled in, Ruby tried her best to scream and punch to no avail. She didn't get a good look of who her kidnapper was because as soon as she managed to open her eyes, a cloth was draped over her head. Knowing that there was no point to struggling, Ruby attempted to calm herself. She took deep steady breaths, each time reassuring herself that everything will be fine. But every single time she recited the mantra in her head, the more her chest constricted.
So here she was in the roof top, listening to her guidance into going about the first step of unlocking her ability. It wasn't really very clear to her what they were about to do but she knew now that the Voice would never intentionally hurt her.
They heard a panicked knock and Tony looked to see Peter in his suit hanging beside the windowpane. He moved towards the window to let the kid in. As soon as Peter stepped inside, he took his mask off which revealed a guilt – stricken face and a tear eyed expression.
Ruby’s eyes widened in horror as numerous portals opened all over the place, spitting out not one, not two, but regiments of demonic hell spawns.
"Captain Rogers. I apologise for calling on this day but I need people from your team for a mission briefing. It's HYDRA."
Ruby suddenly felt quite ashamed and embarrassed to face them. It has been three days since the incident from the theme park and not once has she expressed her gratitude for trying to make her feel welcomed nor did she apologise for causing them trouble. She just basically stormed in her room and locked herself up straight away after the drive home.
Upon the door squeaking open, he tore his gaze away from the screen to see Captain Rogers, Stark and Agent Romanoff striding in.
“We’ll handle this. I already called in Ant man, Falcon and War machine for back up. Go get Ruby back.” Bucky calmly said as he dislodged the strap of the M249  hanging on this shoulder.
Peter was busy badmouthing the demons as he made his way through a pack of them. “Dude! Didn’t your mama teach you that doing that is rude? Wait,” The arachnid paused in thought. “Oh, hey, I rhymed.”
Steve rolled his eyes at both Tony and Ruby who chuckled and high-fived each other. Actually, why the hell did Steve not take a cab? He mentally smacked himself silly at the thought. No doubt he wouldn't hear the end of it from Bucky once these two have told the rest of the team.
Boy, did they get sloppy. They all know full well to stay out of the cameras. Is this what staying around in the tower for a couple of months does to them?
"I was watching the camera feed in the gym. Don’t judge me. I wanted to see how Ruby fares with training." Tony answered as if sensing the other man's question.
Ruby gasped when Wanda mentioned the Voice. She didn't recall telling her about that. Actually, she didn't want to know how Wanda figured out.
She watched herself as she reached for her reflection, placing her hand flat against the mirror as if trying to find a form of connection with whoever – whatever the Voice was.
And just with the Voice softly calling out for her name, every single thing that overstimulated her senses was repressed.
Ruby knew this story. She learnt all about it in her history lessons. James Buchannan Barnes. Excellent sniper, became prisoner of war along with his men in the 107th infantry regiment. It was how Steve Rogers became Captain America.
"I know, I know." Tony cut Steve off. "I also know you're concerned about her abilities." Steve crunched his eyebrows in confusion. How did Tony know about that?
Ruby had to admit it. These two made sparring look like a dance. They were moving so gracefully and in tune with each other. Almost like every punch, kick and jab they took were choreographed. She couldn't help but admire them two. Ever since they found out about Ruby's abilities, most men had been really supportive and have tried to make sure that their interactions with her as normal as it had been before. They gave advice whenever she needed some, just like her father would have done when she finds herself in trouble.
“She’s having a cardiac arrest. Tony, oh my god. Ruby’s having a cardiac arrest.” Steve anxiously stated and unconsciously gripped Tony’s hand with his. He knew that this wasn’t technically their Ruby but Steve couldn’t help the twinge of alarm upon seeing someone, who looked exactly like Ruby, die in front of him.
Ruby looked at the Woman in front of her with sheer disdain. Whatever this thing that was living inside her head was evil and she wouldn't let her take over that easily. Not when she still had fight left in her.
Proud of the way she was thinking, Ruby reached for her phone only to drop it on the floor when she saw Spidey got thrown against the wall so hard, she was sure she heard his bones crack. The symbiote picked up a nearby eight wheeler track and was getting ready to slam it at the limp Spidey on the ground.
"Don't you sass us now Peter!" Ruby's eyes twinkled when Tony unconsciously slipped out Peter's name.
Mr O’Malley, well, that's what he went by at the moment anyway, hid behind the railings a few metres away from Spider Man's fight. He has been following the girl. That damn wench who escaped in their hands. He has seen that the girl was somehow capable of using her abilities now. Although their investigation had been incomplete, considering that the Avengers butted their noses in their business halfway through, the team had been prepared and had a back-up plan for situations like this. Those hydra fools had been completely useless in detaining their subject.
Please don't tell anyone. I don't want to be sent to a mental hospital." Ruby pleaded nicely with a smile.
People were already gathering around them, trying to gossip about what happened, which really annoyed Steve who was so ready to tell them off in a not very nice way. As if sensing his irritation, Tony proceeded to dismiss the crowd away,"Alright, show's over people! Skittle along! Off you go."
Ruby tried to figure out what or who was talking to her but it was too bright; she could only make out a faint outline of her face. She didn't understand why she spoke as if she's known her for a long time. Although even with this, she was quite astonished with how at ease she felt in her presence.
Her aggressor did not hear acknowledge nor address her countless pleas. He only stopped when he saw that the girl was not responding anymore. He placed two fingers on her neck and grinned when he did not feel a pulse.
They were all quiet, waiting for Peter to move, and when he did, everyone was flabbergasted with the fact that Peter's broken bones healed as if he didn't get the injury at all. They vocalised their astonishments, making Ruby blush before all their praises like she had done something so world-changing. She didn't know that the Avengers would have been so understanding of her abilities.
Surprisingly, entering the theme park went well. There were a few moments where Ruby thought she was going to have a panic attack which Tony seemed to notice, going by the fact that he kept asking,
"I know, but you get why I'm asking you to do this." Bruce sighed and motioned for him to wheel the stretcher closer to him. Steve decided to sit on one of the chairs leaned against the wall while Bruce went onto checking any signs of injury.
Tony and Steve was still torn whether to trust Infinity. She was the sole reason why Ruby sometimes wake up at night, screaming at something that wasn’t even there, and why she lost the parents she grew up with for 18 years of her life. But Infinity was also the reason why they met Ruby in the first place, the same Ruby who became a permanent part of their lives.
Not letting the small victory of having someone fighting on her side put her guard down, Ruby kicked the demon in front of her before moving down to meet Peter. She didn’t care that she was in the middle of battle, trying to fight for her life. She did die, and now she was alive again so fuck everything if she wanted to embrace a person she thought she would never see again.
"Tell me I didn't over-react." Tony said but Bucky just continued to look at him with a deadpan. Steve told him about what happened with the kids yesterday night after he came back home and now he was getting his arm checked for his monthly
"I said, you wanna make it up to me?" Peter nodded, getting himself ready. That is the most common phrase used by most people when they were thinking of something ridiculous. Like
"What do you say you change out of those clothes, hmm?" Ruby looked down at the state of her garments. It wasn't exactly the thickest material out there and just until then, Ruby began to notice just how cold it was.
So with the intent of apologising to Steve and Tony for her behaviour for the previous days, she forced herself up from her bed to grab a yellow orange hoodie from the humungous set of clothes that Tony had delivered in her room. Once she put her hair in a messy bun, she jogged down the stairs toward the elevator.
"Hey Peter, you wanna make it up to me?" Ruby called out her companion’s attention when she noticed him a bit lost in thought. He was probably thinking about how the Captain would seriously give him his
It might be because she was so skinny, almost as thin as he was before he had the serum. She could have had a whole life ahead of her. If only he has done his job properly, hunting all those scumbags, this wouldn't have had happened to her.
Ruby’s face turned red at what Tony called Peter and she gave Steve a smile when he placed a comforting hand on her shoulder.
Steve's statement had the boy looking up with disappointment and dejection. "But my new suit adjustments…" He tried to say that he had to work on those but he stopped himself, knowing that it would be futile to bargain with the Captain.
It was actually quite surprising to see now that she was holding out a tarantula by one of its legs and taunting poor Peter that she would not hesitate to fling it to him.
She tried to get up; twisting on her side to use her elbow to pull herself up. When she noticed that she couldn't support her own weight, she leaned against the metal support of the stretcher. Her eyes drifted to Steve sitting opposite to her where her stretcher was, assessing him up and down as if to identify whether he was a threat or not.
"Then you should understand, Tony. The girl could be enhanced and with Hydra out there, we might as well give her gift wrapped to them if you're going to let her go to college." Steve argued. Ruby would be vulnerable outside there and not to offend anyone, but the girl could actually be pretty reckless sometimes considering how she thought smacking an eight feet tall symbiote with a pipe would work out in her favour. It's only been a month since they've rescued her and everybody knew that Hydra doesn't give up that easily.
With a quick flick of his wrist, Tony blasted the two officers down with his repulsors before they had the time to think of pulling the trigger. Both of them slammed hard enough against the concrete wall; he's pretty sure he heard their spines crack.
Ruby was pretty sure she felt her ankle crack in a sudden attempt of supporting her weight but her scream of pain was muffled when her face hit the mattress she fell into.
"Not trying to burst everyone's bubble, but can somebody tell me how we'll explain to SHIELD doctors about Peter's non-existent injury?"
"Fury didn't take it well?" Steve asked and Mr Stark just let out an exasperated noise before telling Steve that it was taken care of.
Said woman just finished conversing with Tony on the phone just as Vision finished perusing through all the data he managed to get a hold of. Apparently, the girl was fighting a symbiote along with Spider Man and Mr Stark took the liberty of having Friday scan the girl's abilities. It seemed that the molecular composition of the fiery orange glow from the girl was unmistakenly identical to Wanda's.
She looked like her, yes, but her once blue eyes had been replaced with golden fiery orbs that reminded her of a blazing forest.
Ruby thanked all the saints she could name in her head for Bucky not calling her crazy. She herself believed that she was already treading on the path of being borderline insane but it was nice to see someone not getting hanged up too much on semantics.
With a final warning to hold on tight, Peter ran swiftly towards the edge of the roof top and dived down into the city. He screamed in glee at the rush of adrenaline that he felt which was soon followed by Ruby's own once she got her heart and mind settling down at the notion of free falling from a thousand feet tower.
Streaks of mist entwined her arm like vines and to her amazement, they slowly began to take form. The mist configured into fingers, then into a hand that stretched and connected to, what Ruby was quite sure of, a female entity.
and that she was under foster care. Ruby understood that the Avengers had to keep her real identity out of the public database because of Hydra but it was still unnerving to have another persona thrown at her when she felt like she was just starting to get herself back.
"Everyone's out in a mission, then?" He asked without looking back, knowing that Ruby was following him out anyway.
"What has got Legolas wheezing over like an air deprived chipmunk?" All of their attention turned towards the source of the voice. Tony was walking towards the couch with Steve in tow.
Both men didn't have time to ponder what all of that was about because as soon as they were able to regain their bearings, they saw Ruby unconscious on the ground. Steve immediately checked for her pulse before putting her in a recovery position, then called SHIELD to dispatch a medical team to their location.
Just to check if there was something important that might prove to be useful for the mission and hoo boy, would you look at that. There he found a blueprint located securely inside a hidden compartment in the drawer.
Sensing the brooding silence that was sure to follow, Tony hastily made a suggestion. "Hey kid, you wanna go outside? There's this theme park in Brooklyn we could spend the day in if you want to?"
Ruby, on the other hand, was standing frozen, right in the middle of the boxing ring. Her eyes were glued to where Tony crouched beside Steve. Thoughts ran through her head. All these countless hours of training, of perfecting her skills, of controlling her abilities had all gone down to waste.
He couldn’t stop having a nervous breakdown knowing the fact that the girl he liked was missing due to his own incompetence.
Maybe he didn't notice. His face lightened up in a small vibrant smile when he saw that there's left over coffee, still steaming from the pot.
"Thank you for that Bruce, but we might need the Hulk. We'll decide who will stay with Ruby once Fury informed us of the situation."
"Where's my cupcakes at? Oh look at these cuties." Clint excitedly reached out when he saw Spider Man offering him the tray.
Oh God, their faces were probably all over the news. Tony and Steve would have definitely seen it. Ruby looked at her watch to check the time. It was 10:15 in the evening and Peter was too knackered from the fight to web sling himself home, let alone carry her.
Ruby puckered her lips to spat on Mordo’s face when he ventured close enough. She smirked in victory when she saw that it landed dead straight on the cosmic being’s nose. In all honesty, she was very tired. Instead of lying on the bed, she was now suspended from the ceiling with her hands shackled with vibranium chains. Infinity’s voice still hadn’t turned up in this poor torture party and every now and then, she would remember that the Tower was in attack. It didn’t help that Mordo was also playing mind games with her.
“Second thing. You said you like Ruby?” Steve softly asked and Peter, once again, nodded his head in confirmation. He couldn’t believe he actually said that in front of them. Both Tony and Steve were practically Ruby’s fathers now and he just blurted out that he likes their daughter in the spur of the moment. If the ground could just open up and swallow him, that would be great. Thank you very much.
He was the freaking Hulk? Ruby wouldn't be able to guess that from his calm demeanour at all. The man is enveloped with a serene aura in the two times she's met him.
"I'm sorry, Wanda." The brunette shook her head and placed her coffee mug down to the tray. "Your brother's hot though. May his soul rest in peace." Wanda chuckled at Ruby's attempt of humour. She crossed her legs and turned her body fully towards Ruby. She stared hard at her eyes, pupils swinging from side to side. Her forefinger was softly tapping a rhythm against her chin. Unsure of what to do, Ruby fisted her hands at her side and cleared her throat. Then Wanda seemed like she found whatever she was looking for and straightened her back. "You're afraid." She said with an air of finality.
With its constant harmonious humming as her guide, Ruby wove through the maze of rocks. The atmosphere was so thin that she needed to force her rib cage outwards just to get enough air through her lungs.
When Peter said that he knew the perfect place, Ruby assumed they will be sitting at the top of one of the highest buildings in New York, not the freaking Statue of Liberty.
Ruby's lip twitched up in fascination as she saw it form a translucent oval disk in the air. She made a couple more, placing them a bit higher than the other so that she could use them as a ladder to get herself up where she wanted to be. When she thought that it was quite enough, she hesitantly placed one foot on the first one and smiled in excitement when she didn't fall off. As quick but as careful she could be, Ruby hopped from one to another, the disks disappearing as soon as her foot released contact.
"The potatoes could wait." She grumbled and kissed Vision on the mouth. Her left hand flicked towards the stove to turn it off before settling it back to grip her man's neck, deepening the kiss.
Stephen was torn between feeling angered by the fact that Mordo gave Eternity the leeway he needed to effectively destroy this dimension, and feeling thankful that his consciousness was forever lost, because the doctor was still unsure if he would be able to kill his previous ally when it comes down to it, despite of his betrayal. Nonetheless, none of this could change the fact that two cosmic entities, who he knew had bad history between them, were residing here on earth.
It had been quite easy for Natasha to clear out the area she was in. As soon as the alarm system roared through the facility, she hacked through their systems to gather any intel she could find. Hydra officers were galloping outside but they were stupid enough not to actually check the inside of the surveillance room.
Steve and Tony tried not to wince when they heard the nicknames they call Ruby being used by their counterparts.
By the end of it, exhaustion crawled in her legs and she stumbled onto her knees, eventually falling down onto her side as she tried to breathe as hard as she could.
"Thank you." She said as she accepted the set of clothes which consisted of undergarments and a pair of tracksuit.
"You couldn't have waited for a shower?" He teased and Ruby just stuck her tongue out before taking her hand wraps and throwing them at Steve. He dodged and it hit the wall behind him. Steve gave her a triumphant grin to which Ruby returned with a roll of her eyes.
“That’s Ruby’s soul.” Stephen pointed at the glowing orb in the entity’s hand when he saw Steve and Tony’s confused expressions.
After sending the message to the assassin twins, Bucky didn’t waste time and started to look at what he gathered from his previous missions. Although he knew that it was highly likely that HYDRA have Ruby, he didn’t want to present his idea without a concrete evidence. It wouldn’t help but aggravate the raw emotional response this situation was creating.
She yanked the grilles out, carefully so, to minimise the noise to avoid giving her position away. With a grace of a cat, she slid inside the tube. It was big enough that it allowed her to crouch herself in.
Wanda's gaze met the girl's light blue orbs. She tried to enter her mind, just so she could have her own read of what the girl can do. That's what Tony called her for, anyway. As soon as she began to prod into the girl's mind, she gasped and was surprised to feel the same force blocking her way in. She got pushed out even before she managed to take a glimpse of the girl's memories and abilities. But there was something else she heard in there.
"What are you doing here?" She asked, perplexed. Peter pulled out Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and grinned. "We didn't get to watch the sunset so I wondered, we could watch this instead." Ruby lit up and Peter immediately placed the DVD into the player. The two of them huddled under the blanket and relaxed just as the opening credits rolled in.
So, she closed her eyes with the hope that the softness of the comforter hugged against her body would lull her to sleep, but when the dark filled her vision, she was back there.
"Nightmares." Steve smiled in sympathy and gestured whether he could join her to which Ruby nodded her approval.
"Did you even sleep, Tones?" He gave a vague gesture to answer Steve's question. In all honesty, he can't actually remember if he did. Maybe he lied down on the couch for a few minutes then went back to work.
The AI didn't reply for more than half a minute and both teenagers were completely convinced that she was already tattling off to Tony. They looked at each other’s eyes, nervous and hoping that the AI didn't do just that.
So now here she was in a lab room that only had non-combatant scientists who were hiding behind a panic room due to the alarm. She did not hesitate to grenade the entire place. She knew that the girl was imprisoned in a highly reinforced cell so there's no point trying to be careful not to harm civilians. Cap would probably burn this facility two times over anyway.
Unfortunately, one of the scientists managed to survive the blow. He was kneeling, one side of his face burnt raw but he was laughing. His eyes were twinkling with malice. Natasha slowly crept forward towards him until her dagger was only an inch apart from his neck.
She found herself lying on the ground a few metres away from the symbiote she was fighting. Just like the Voice told her a minute ago, she was able to render it unconscious. Its slimy tendril-like limbs were slowly dissolving, revealing the man she saw in her vision. Horrified at the thought that she just killed someone, Ruby's heart started to palpitate and she began to breathe heavily, her hands clawing at her chest, desperate to get enough air in her lungs.
"Don't I feel treated like royalty today." He teased, giving a sly smirk and regarded the two teenagers with a fond expression. It took him about 20 seconds before his lips twitched into a smile and said, "Apology accepted."
As long as she kept her shoulders squeezed forward, she would be able to navigate easily with no problems. The inner structure of the building was thin enough that it allowed her to hear the people talking. Without further stalling, Natasha followed where the direction of the voices lead.
Clint pushed the board game over while everyone threw their title deed cards towards his direction for ruining the game. Ruby watched amusedly as Spidey tried to shield himself with his hands to no avail.
