,” Dean moaned, panting. He thrust into his fist, watching as Castiel arched up again and pumped harder.
That’s when Michael stalked over to their table.
The younger Winchester glanced once more at Emmett and then beat a hasty retreat.
.” Dean swallowed painfully and forged ahead, squeezing his eyes shut for a brief moment. “I thought it was a dream, and then when we woke up together I figured you had come back to the motel, but you—he—still had the ring on the next morning. And then later we went out and he said—you said—”
enjoyment?”
“I told her I would play her anything if she would allow me to teach it to her,” he finished.
The sun slipped behind the mountains at some point between the time he pushed Castiel onto his back in the middle of the bridge and pressed his lips and body flush against him.
with it.”
“Hey,” he said softly, “You okay?”
him too much.
“Nothing, I just think there are better things you could be doing on a night like this one,” Jacob says.
Sam just laughed.
Castiel thought Sam had meant the song in general, until he noticed the smug smirk on Sam’s face as he stored his phone away. Dean obviously had known instantly what he meant.
“Uh, okay?” Dean replied, licking his lips, “Like…in what way?”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, and Castiel didn’t need to see it to know he was smiling. He could hear the happiness in Dean’s voice.
They ate in the living room, where Dean still had the screen up and the game on pause. Castiel sat on the far end of the couch, purposefully placed away from Dean. Dean wondered if it was because he was uncomfortable being alone in Dean’s room, or if he just didn’t trust Dean to keep his hands to himself. Smart man, if it were the latter.
I hope everyone had a Happy Holiday!! :D
like a wet noodle,” Dean told him. He grinned, amused and more than a little impressed by the kid. He had spunk. Still… “How are you with keeping secrets?” he asked.
Dean’s face immediately fell into a bit of a disappointed pout.
“I like it,” Dean decided abruptly. He gulped down a large sip of beer. “It’s uh, kinda beautiful.”
Castiel looked up abruptly, seeming caught out by the question, then back down to the page in his hand.
“Goodbye, both of you. Take care,” Castiel replied.
With nothing left in question between them, they crash together like a two atoms binding in nuclear fusion—hands grabbing at clothes, lips and tongues and teeth fighting for dominance in a powerful chain-reaction of desire that explodes white-hot for a brief half-life before settling into a new element. The kiss deepens then, becoming tender and gentle like a warm summer’s rain falling on a country road. Dean’s fingers brush up Castiel’s spine and press between his shoulder blades, where his wings once were. A shiver goes through him as Castiel feels the remnants of his grace react from within the vial around Dean’s neck.
“Huh,” Dean said intelligently, not getting it.
“’Sup Chuckles,” Dean greeted. He slapped his key cards on the desk. “Checking out.”
“Yes, I imagine business is rather dull compared to rock and roll,” Castiel replied with a sarcastic edge to his voice, “and clubbing,” he added.
“Thanks, Cas, but no thanks,” she said. “Look, I’m fine being single,” Jo insisted, sitting back in her chair, “Really. There isn’t any rule sayin’ I gotta be with someone just cuz it’s the holidays. I’m perfectly happy on my own. In fact, I prefer it.”
Cas grinned at him, seeming pleased by his enthusiasm.
Castiel blushed, ducking his head. His eyes flickered up to the front of the altar where a young, sandy-haired man was reading out the gospel for that day. Dean thought for a moment their eyes met, but he couldn’t be sure.
John arrived within the hour, storming into the waiting room to find his son pacing its length. Dean’s hands were shaking as he looked up at his father, worry lines carved deeply into his face. His eyes were red-rimmed and swollen from where he had been crying, despite having been informed that Castiel was fine and merely going in for a routine MRI to make sure there wasn’t any internal bleeding.
“So,” the blond said, “Rumor has it you two went home together last night,” he said.
“There’s some swelling in his frontal lobe. It isn’t bad, but he’ll have to be woken every couple hours just to be safe.” The nurse pointed to the pills. “He can take one of those every 4 to 6 hours for the first couple days, then once every 8 hours following. No more than 6 per day. We don’t want him getting hooked.” She looked down at his chart. “He’s got a compound fracture in his wrist. It set fine, but it’s going to take about eight weeks to heal. The ribs were merely bruised, but they will be painful for a couple of weeks. He should get lots of rest and eat lots of healthy nutritious foods to help speed up the healing process. Hot baths and gentle massaging will also help. Throw some Epsom salt into the bath water—it will help with the bruising.”
“Cas, you’re hovering,” Dean said gently. “Put the wings away, babe, he’s just leaving.”
Dean let the pan do its thing for a minute and leaned across the counter where Cas was sitting.
“Huh,” Dean said, considering that. “Guess I don’t really get it,” he confessed. “We didn’t grow up religious. My mom believed in God, but she never took me and Sammy to church or anything. I think she wanted us to find faith on our own so she never tried to force it on us.”
“Okay. Couple of things to remember. Keep your knees bent,” Dean directed, swiping at Cas’s leg with his hand, “Chances are you’re gonna fall, so make sure you stay loose and don’t tense up when you do. And try not to break your fall with your wrist cuz that’s a good way to get hurt.”
“Yeah dude, I think I could fit about ten of your place into this one,” Dean said, glancing back at him. He turned and gestured to the screen behind him. “And there’s a TV. And video games. And porn. Uh…never mind that last one,” he added quickly, flushing red. “So? What do you want to watch?”
Cas stopped at the top of the stairwell and pulled a small ring of keys from his coat pocket. He selected an older brass one and unlocked the hatch above him, pushing it open and disappearing through the small opening. Then his face appeared from above and a hand reached out to help Dean up. He took it and allowed Cas to hoist him up through the hatchway.
“That was often the diagnosis for mental illness back in the day,” Castiel explained, and suddenly it was clear as day to Dean why he would make such a great psychiatrist. “Thankfully things are different now.”
, and what he
“Oh yeah? What is it then?” Dean teased him.
“Planned parenthood… Dean, what is this for?” he asked.
. Dean gulped and Castiel turned toward the sound.
. Not again. Cuz I…cuz
whatever it was so that he could get the tears to stop, but this was different. Castiel was crying out of relief—in the act of letting go. It was a cathartic process, and Dean didn’t feel uncomfortable with it, just incredibly grateful that he had the privilege of witnessing it happen.
“Oh. Uh… yeah. That would be me,” Dean said quickly. His nerves picked up a notch at the admission. Sooner or later, Cas’s parents were going to connect the dots. That, or get fed up and just ask what the hell he was doing in their living room.
Dean gaped at him for a long moment, mouth hanging open with his half-chewed food. Then he slowly remembered how to function as a human again and closed it.
Another beloved character has decided he wants to be a part of this, so that surprise will be showing up in the next couple weeks. Not sure 100% what I'm doing yet so until I figure it out, he will remain unnamed. ;)
“Dean,” Cas returns. It’s not an answer, per se, but it feels like one. He feels a flutter through the pendant when he says the hunter’s name.
“Any suggestions?” he asked.
“Ma’s been asking them about it, but they won’t say who they are,” Michael gossiped.
Sam let out an exasperated sigh.
Hours later, Dean sighed and collapsed onto the couch in his office, running a hand over his face in frustration. He’d survived the day. In all honesty, he hadn’t been sure he was going to. All the red tape and legal hoops it took to run a business was enough to drive a man insane.
Again Castiel sorts through his databanks of knowledge for an appropriate lie.
“Cas? You there? Could really use your help, man.”
for that reason,” Em replied. He leaned in a little closer, his eyes earnest. “Maybe it’s exactly what you need.”
Castiel gasped and moaned, fingertips digging into his sides, hips bucking forward in response. Dean moved back to unbutton his shirt and slip it over his shoulders. He left the tie hanging around his neck, then grabbed it just below its knot and lowered his mouth to Castiel’s lips.
Sam and Jess were kissing too right next to them. And Anna and Chuck—hell, even
“Dean, you need to calm down,” Cas said, “This storm is getting worse.”
“I’ll raise you two weeks,” she said.
“’M glad you’re here,” Dean told him softly.
“Bye, Sammy.”
“Dean—” Castiel started to say, but Dean could hear the excuse on his tongue from a mile away. Anger flashed through him again in an instant, furious and burning.
Castiel shifted his weight and looked at him uneasily.
practically on our doorstep?” he asks.
Dean sighed and turned off the water. It had gone cold anyway.
“Shut up,” Sam snaps at him. “You’re gonna end up back there anyway once the two of you finish making up like a bad teen movie and I’d rather not get elbowed in the face while I’m driving.”
“Yes, well,” he said aloud to the empty room, “I will try again tomorrow.”
Jo’s eyes were. She leaned in closer, wetting her lips, and Charlie sucked in a breath, waiting for it…
He didn’t even try to keep the innuendo out of his voice.
All thoughts of leaving fled Dean’s mind in an instant. He shifted on the seat and sat up a little taller, curiosity taking over. He listened as the organ played for a few bars and then Castiel opened his mouth and allowed his voice to drift out over the small congregation.
“I admit I had my misgivings at first,” Castiel replied after a moment, “I thought you were like Balthazar—selfish, just looking to get laid, and that you would run as soon as things got serious. But you keep showing up and looking out for me. You didn’t give up even when I pushed you away…” Here Cas trailed off, frowning slightly. “I regret doing so now.” His blue eyes flickered up to Dean’s. “I am sorry, Dean, for how I treated you. It is obvious to me now that you care for me, and I want you to know that I am grateful for all that you have done for me.”
Castiel leveled a look at him.
“Dean, please, it is very sensitive there,” he whimpered.
Bobby sighed and rolled his eyes.
“What am I, a dog?” Dean asked him humorously, “You want me to fetch too? How about roll over? I’m good at that one.” He flashed Castiel a cheeky smile.
“Thanks,” Dean said shortly. He didn’t trust himself to speak at the moment. Castiel’s bright red coat and sleek dress pants taunted him with their neatly ironed folds. Dean slipped his hands in front of himself in what he hoped was an unassuming manner.
Castiel sniggered.
“If you suggest that I dress as a slutty angel, I will fling eggs at you,” Castiel warned, looking up at him. He jabbed his fork into his breakfast to make his point.
?” Dean asks him in a hushed voice. Castiel blinks at the hunter slowly and then follows where Dean is pointing to a young man sitting at the bar. Castiel looks back to Dean and blinks again, still not getting it.
“Dean, why not?” Castiel asked him.
“Here, here,” Bobby chimed in.
Dean leaned back in the chair, watching the waves below him fold lazily in on one another. He had a lot to think about.
“Tell me about it,” Ted said. “How big do you think Sam is? Ten inches? Eleven? He can’t be a twelve, that’s not humanly possible.”
Dean merely laughed. “Only the elephant in the room,” he teased, glancing at Em. He grinned at Sam, “Oh wait, I guess that’s you.”
funny.”
“I imagine they’ll be leaving the party pretty early,” he said.
“Your mom is something else, you know that?” he said.
Dean grunted. He ignored the beer, twisting the ratchet in his hand and focusing on getting a stubborn bolt loose.
Dean pulled back abruptly at the sensation of hot coffee dripping into his lap.
Dean frowned and watched him go. So much for convincing Cas he wasn’t a total player.
“’bout what?” Dean asks him.
“There’s got to be another way,” Dean insists.
Dean told the driver to meet them at their next destination and then they headed over to the Christmas shop in Times Square on foot to get decorations for their tree and the rest of the loft. The square was a sea of people, each on their own personal holiday mission. Dean and Cas weaved through the crowd with their hands clasped tightly together so as not to get separated. Dean’s favorite find was an ornament of a classic muscle car. Castiel thought his was the pair of turtle doves. They were both particularly fond of the mistletoe.
“Not possible,” Dean told him. He offered the man a reassuring smile. Something niggled at him, though. Dean furrowed his brow, peering down at the man looking up at him, blue eyes kind and trusting.
He set the oars down across the boat and let them drift. They were out in the middle of the lake by now, far away from anywhere else. Dean stood in a crouch and stepped over the oars, sitting down on the middle bench.
“Oh, shit, I totally forgot,” Dean said. He dug out his wallet and threw down a couple of twenties for the pool. “Grabbing two slots for the both of us,” Dean said. He scribbled his initials into two of the squares seemingly at random and then passed the board to Castiel.
Jack says nothing at first, just looks at him with this smile that seems to say,
Beside him, Castiel heard Dean gasp.
sorry. That was—
“Do you think you will ever tell him?” Cas asked him after a few minutes, “Your father?”
“I think tonight is…one of the top-ten fucks…I’ve ever had,” Dean gasped, speaking between breathes.
“Yeah, okay.”
They pulled on PJs and shuffled out to the dining room to find Jack waiting with coffee and breakfast. He smiled warmly at them in greeting.
“I thought you didn’t feel the same.” The words fall out of Castiel’s mouth on his breath in a gasp, airy and soft. “But—Dean, you kept pulling away from me!”
I promise everyone is okay.
Dean’s head jerks back to look at him.
your family acquire its wealth?” he inquired after a minute.
The first thing Castiel did was take off his coat and turn down the heat. He spent a few minutes going through the music he had brought with him, deciding which books and pieces he wanted to store here rather than at his studio at home.
Cas’s low voice cut suddenly into the comfortable silence. He pointed out the window. They had just crossed a bridge over a small river. Forest was all around them and they hadn’t passed a house in a number of minutes.
Kevin stopped abruptly and looked up from his notepad, seeming to realize this.
“We went to a club,” Dean forced out, “A gay club. We went in, and this guy came on to me, and a bunch of guys were harassing us so I—I brought out these rings. It was just for show, you know? To keep the guys off us, but you—he took it so goddamn
“Well,” Castiel said, a bit sarcastically, “It’s a start, I suppose.”
He pats Dean on the back, and perhaps the gesture is a little more forced than usual, but it’s still a gesture and Dean feels the tension ease from his shoulders. He slings an arm around his father and together they go find Mom and Sam.
“What? You’re serious?” Castiel blurted. He blinked rapidly, hardly believing what he was hearing. “Ahh, yes, now is fine.” He grabbed the woman’s hand and gave it an enthusiastic shake. “Thank you! You won’t regret this. Ahh… I mean, I’ll do my best. Um…” Castiel trailed off, nervous he was saying the wrong thing.
“Don’t worry, this one’s on me,” he said before Cas could protest.
He looked up at Cas just as he was rolling the condom onto his dick.
“Think about what I said,” John told him.
“Guess not,” he said, answering his own question.
Castiel hums low in his throat and leans his head back to encourage Dean to continue but the hunter pulls away. He smiles weakly at Castiel, and there is a new edge of apprehension that runs rough like sandpaper through the amulet. Castiel blinks and sits up a little straighter when he realizes Dean is being serious.
“It’s okay, Cas, he knows,” Dean said, touching his arm. Castiel’s eyes flickered to Dean, then back to Bobby.
“Yes, well…I was never very good at saying no to you,” Cas replied with a thin smile. He glanced around, taking in the bustle of people pressed in around them on the crowded sidewalk. “Where are we? I expected we would be meeting at the lake.”
“Yes, I…I get that,” Castiel continued, “And I realize it isn’t fair to you to keep comparing you to someone from my past. I know it isn’t rational...”
Dean’s opened willingly, automatically. He liked it when Cas kissed him. Sure, he liked kissing Cas, but when it was the other way around…it felt different. Special, somehow. Like it meant more when it was on Cas’s own terms. Like he wasn’t just going along with Dean’s greedy advances but…like, he
Claire grunted and slumped against the window. She seemed dissatisfied with his answer and didn’t speak for the rest of the car ride.
The horse walked at a leisurely pace, winding through the park. With the freshly fallen snow, it was like something out of a Christmas carol, a true winter wonderland.
“Fuck you,” Dean snapped at him.
John wasn’t exactly
He was still glowing from when Castiel had hung his bellboy uniform in the closet opposite from where Dean kept his clothes to keep it from getting wrinkled. Regardless of this arrangement of theirs being temporary or not, the wave of excitement that had rushed through Dean had been automatic, incontrollable, and completely unforeseen. Yes, he’d kept that side of the closet bare on purpose, but seeing it actually
Dean, having effectively won whatever the disagreement with his brother, shifts next to Castiel and then tugs at his sleeve.
“I take it I have…exceeded your expectations?” Castiel asked with a crooked smile.
Dean because of how he has been sitting on the couch. He’s leaned awkwardly against the hunter’s shoulder with
Dean waved to one of the drivers and slipped a Ben in through the window.
Dean placed a kiss on his lips, the residue of his cum still thick in his mouth. Castiel moaned a little and arched up against him.
“Heh. Yeah, I know,” Dean said. “Been a while since I rode anyone though. Feather duster doesn’t exactly count. Gotta…gotta warm up to it, okay?”
“Damnit,” Dean swore, “Should I meet you there?” He frowned, wondering when the next flight left for LA.
, Dean thinks,
Dean felt a blush creep up his neck, too embarrassed to answer. Did
“I would like something to read on the plane,” he said. Read the book, or read Dean’s comments in it? It was only a small difference.
“How old are you, Jack?” Sam asked. He shot his brother
“Good,” Dean said, nodding over the phone. “Cuz if anything happens—”
“You have never cross-dressed before?” Castiel asked, looking for clarification.
“I mean it! Get lost!”
Cas stepped away and pulled his hand free. “I will leave you to your ruminations,” he said politely.
” his old man whistled. “I remember asking Samuel for Mary’s hand back in the day. I swear he kept eyeing the shotgun he had pegged to the wall.”
“Perhaps as early as tomorrow,” Castiel continued. He looked down into his mug. “If that isn’t too soon. I have the day off, so I thought…”
, it’s—
The real world, however, had other plans in store for him.
Castiel smiled and bowed his head.
That Dean sticks around to ‘help’ while Sam and Eileen go out on hunts is also nice. Not that he needs to be babysat, but it’s one of the ways Dean shows that he cares and that means a lot to him. Or—well, he tries. Castiel has caught him numerous times doing a completely different kind of research.
“This is
“Perhaps,” he said, “I will attempt it tomorrow.”
. So awesome you’re not gonna want to stop and we’ll end up coming back here to ask these clowns for sex
“But we think we know how to get him back,” Sam says, “Or at least, Jack seems to think we can. With your help.” He looks at Jacob with these sad, puppy-dog eyes and asks, “You are going to help us, right?”
“I don’t know. Anything but that,” Dean answers.
“may'luchwIjmo' Qobbe' tajmey 'ach tIqwIj luDuQ mInDu'lIj!” = "My armor shields me from knives, but your eyes pierce my heart!"
to do it—for his sake as much as for Castiel’s—to prove to himself that Cas was
When it’s finally time for John to say goodbye, Dean stands in steel-faced silence. John hasn’t said anything more about what Dean told him earlier, and Dean can’t tell if his old man is silent because he doesn’t know what to say or because he’s pretending for Dean’s sake to be okay with it all. The thought makes Mom’s casserole churn unpleasantly in his stomach. His only saving grace is the thought that if John
“I never thought I would hear myself say this, but…I wish I could go back,” Dean admits. He sighs and runs a hand along the back of his neck, letting it fall back to his thigh. “To the way things were. It was hard and…yeah, a lot of it sucked, but…but I miss it. I want to
,” Dean whines at him. He sighs and slumps back in his seat. “Come on, don’t be a dick. You were the one who…” Dean trails off and sighs again, scrubs a hand over his face. He glances back at Cas. “Whatever. It’s fine. I’ll just follow you back like this, how’s that?”
Castiel blushed bright red, right down to the collar of his shirt.
“It’s just a duck costume, Cas, promise,” Dean said for perhaps the tenth time that week.
human. So much he never wants to look away. He brings a hand up to cradle the side of Dean’s face and hears the hunter’s breath hitch. A powerful pulse of desire rushes through the pendant and this time it’s clear enough that Castiel can no longer deny what Dean is feeling.
“Nice to meet you, Carmen,” Dean said with a lopsided grin. “Care to dance?”
was fucking elated.
“I have that effect on women,” Charlie said. She could feel her grin stretching wider. “Why don’t we take this party elsewhere? It’s a little too crowded in here for my tastes.”
“You are worse than a two-year-old,” he commented dryly, glancing sideways at his boyfriend.
“I am sorry I didn’t call ahead,” Castiel said, lowering his voice, “I was afraid you would say no, and I didn’t want to get into an argument. Jack needed something to eat and a warm place to rest and I didn’t want to—”
“No, it was…funny,” Castiel replied, attempting a smile. “And perhaps you have a point.”
“Do you think they are getting along?” Castiel asked Dean over the slow, rhythmic
Dean felt his breath catch in his chest.
He offered Dean a little smile, and Dean’s face lit up red. This conversation following the one they’d just had made Dean’s heart thump pleasantly against his chest. He suddenly found it difficult to breathe.
Charlie’s eyes slid over to Jo’s. Once again,
“No,” Dean argues. Denial, its taste is sweet. “No, we are. Platonic friends. There’s nothing beyond—” he gestures quickly between them, “—
“Wow, he’s really out, huh?” Jo said, leaning over.
“Cas, hey,” he said gently, putting the bag down for a minute to run his hands up Castiel’s arms, “What’s wrong, buddy? Talk to me.”
Suddenly remembering his date for the night, Dean cast about the dim alleyway. Brian was slumped face down against the pavement, looking pale and not moving. Dean gripped Cas by the arm and tried to stand but a wave of dizziness overtook him.
been appreciated.
“Yes, and I also brought The Coffee,” Castiel said.
A number of girls in sleek, skin-tight dresses had their arms and drinks raised above their heads and were dancing to the beat of the music. Dean grabbed two drinks—a beer for himself and something fruity for his designated target—a sexy brunette in a fashionably slutty black dress.
Dean might have taken him seriously had he not said so while pressing his ass back against him. He grinned into Cas’s skin and pressed a kiss to his shoulder.
Castiel looked down at the counter with a thoughtful frown on his lips.
“What? No!” Dean blurted. He growled, frustrated, and abruptly changed the subject. “So…anyway, I was thinking I might invite a few other people too. Good people. You’ll like them, I think. Oh shit, that’s right! You’ll never guess who I ran into the other day! Jo! Remember her? She’s here in the city too—bartending at this hipster joint a few blocks from the Plaza…”
. “I already said I was sticking around, and that’s
“I already said yes,” he pointed out, looking away in embarrassment.
“Oh,” Jacob says, “Um… thanks?”
and a framed picture of him and Dean in front of the piano at Thanksgiving.
Dean dropped the fork, reached over, and dipped two of his fingers into the middle of the pie, scooping strawberry filling out with them. These he brought to Castiel’s ready and waiting open mouth. Castiel closed his lips around Dean’s fingers and sucked them in slowly, tongue curving around the pie-coated digits as they pushed further into his mouth. He moaned when Dean pulled them away and replaced them with his mouth, tongue darting in to taste the remnants of sweetness on his tongue.
“Well, I
“I’m sure it will be wonderful,” Castiel said softly, touching him on the arm. Dean shot him a quick smile in response and began cutting up servings.
“Don’t. You know who owns it.”
Dean blinks and then sputters in laughter. In the next breath he is bent in half and wheezing in hysterics. Castiel chuckles nervously, supposing he did a good job of covering up the truth of why he was smiling.
“See?” Claire said, “I mean, I guess technically they’re all still on the board, just…y’know, it’s a gray area. So it’s like,
Cas made a little sound in his throat that told Dean he wanted more, so Dean gave it to him, sliding his tongue in past the threshold of his lips and against the one waiting eagerly inside.
followed by another heady moan from Dean, Castiel withdrew and crawled up to the nightstand where the necessary items were kept. Dean, impatient as always when he was this close, took the condom and lube from him with scrambling fingers, and letting out a harsh curse, he fumbled the thing open. As soon as it was on, he wasted no time grabbing Castiel about the hips and shoving into him with a punch of breath. He picked up a fast pace that had Castiel bracing the headboard and pushing back to match the impact of Dean’s thrusts. He was panting fast, the sweat dripping down his temples and into his face. He was hard again, and the slow, sweet blossom of pressure building each time Dean’s cock slammed against his prostate drew obscene noises from his mouth. He let out a gasping moan as Dean wrapped a hand around him and began to stroke. His cast hand flew back to grab onto the back of Dean’s thigh, guiding him in ever harder with each thrust.
Uriel cleared his throat and looked a little uncomfortable.
“He’s human, Dean. A human being,” Castiel impressed, as though Dean didn’t know that.
“That’s it, Cas—faster,” Dean prompted. He sped up to match his pace.
It was a last-ditch effort and the plea in his voice made him sound pathetic, but he was desperate.
Dean took another deep breath, opened the screen, and stepped inside. He was immediately taken in by the light blue walls and stark white trim of the house’s interior. Clean. Everything was so goddamn
To do that, though, Dean needed to know what had happened. He pulled back and tried again to get the rest of the story.
“What are we…?” Castiel started to ask. He watched as Dean dropped his hand and then spread one of the blankets on the ground. Then he sat down with a sigh and tugged Castiel down with him.
And his job at The Plaza.
Dean’s face puckered in disgust.
“I—I w-want…”
Dean wet his lips. He shifted his weight, readjusting them a little before continuing.
Castiel swept the chips in the middle of the table into his pile. He tried not to look too smug about it.
Sam looks confused.
Justin, who had just sat down next to Brian to steal a good morning kiss and see what was up, bounced up from the table and rushed to grab their orders. He was there in a flash setting two plates in front of Sam and Dean.
“You forgot your wallet, right?” the man says. He gestures with the cup. “Here. It’s for you.”
—good
“You want some help there, Cas, all you gotta do is ask,” Dean said, grinning down at him.
The sound of a rapid beeping had Cas pulling back, leaving Dean gasping in his absence.
The smack at the back of his head came out of nowhere.
“Is this what you meant by experience?” Dean asked him when he pulled away.
“You are…using me as a distraction,” the angel says after a moment, “So that we do not have to talk about Michael.”
“You mean this place is real?” Dean looked around, jaw hanging open. “I don’t believe it. This is amazing, Cas,” he said.
“Savage rules?” Claire said devilishly to Dean as they set up across from one another at the now-cleared dining room table.
,” he said. He closed his eyes and chewed slowly, relishing the taste, “Honestly, I could eat nothing else for the rest of my life and die a happy man.”
“You’re not helping,” Dean said gruffly over the phone.
“Blonde? Like your mother? Or brunette?”
“Dad, there you are,” Sam said, joining the small group. “Jess and I had something to ask you. You got a minute?”
“What, Cas?”
Castiel wagged his lips for a moment, speechless. Now he knew how Dean felt when he was being overly literal about things.
“He got the green light,” Dean told them all excitedly. He directed the next part at Jo. “You got that champagne close by?”
“Left,” Dean replied shortly.
“Ugh, just the way I like to start the morning. A
“Well Marcin, you’ve made your point,” Dean said. He turned to Cas. “Cas? I’m fresh out of roses, but will you go out with me anyway?”
Castiel nodded a little stiffly beside him. Dean stopped and placed a light hand on his arm.
“I’m good with the lemon bars, thanks,” Dean said with a smile.
“Yeah, that’s mom,” Dean replied, letting out a wry chuckle. His brow knitted together. “So…when I dropped out of college and you gave me free reign to dick around…that was all for her?”
“Cas, wait,” Dean said, reaching out for him, “Don’t end it like this, Cas, please. I still want you. Maybe not in the same way but it’s—that’s got to count for something.”
“I see.” Castiel is silent for a long moment. “I am confused. I thought friendships were mostly platonic interactions.”
“You mean, molecule by molecule kinda slow?” he asked.
“Hmm?” came Cas’s weary answer.
“Yeah, I can see the resemblance,” Dean said.
Castiel was watching him with slatted eyes. Dean grinned and wiped at his mouth with his fingers, smearing the remains of cum across his bottom lip. He licked it clean. “It was
The Empty surges forward but Jacob blocks its advance by raising his angel blade. He takes something palm-sized and rectangular from his pocket—his EM reader, though he’s turned it into something else. Something of his own design, pieced together over the course of his week at The Bunker. A surprise for The Empty based on something Dean once told him.
“Well hell, let me give you a hand,” Dean said turning back and laying on the fake pleasantries, “That must have been some flight from…where did you say you were coming from?”
He found Claire in his music studio, sitting down at the piano. She was toying with the same low key over and over in a relentless, droning loop.
“Sunofabitch.”
“I figured it was the least I could do!” Dean insists, “I wanted you to be happy since I thought—well,
He propped himself up on his elbows and gazed down at Castiel, at the worried dip of his brow. Castiel’s eyes flickered up to his, then away again.
Dean shook his head and swished the razor around in the basin. It was just a cabin, Dean told himself fiercely. They didn’t own it. They didn’t live here. They were just visiting.
“Dean, I thought we agreed you would be more than just accompanying me on this trip,” John was saying in a low voice. Dean tried not to be distracted by the squinty look the bellboy was shooting him from across the lobby. He wished it were possible to send telepathic messages.
“So you were telling the truth about that at least,” Sam said. He wiped off the knife and tossed it to the table, then grabbed a roll of bandages to patch up his handiwork. It was a good thing Dean was tied to the chair, because if he wasn’t he would have punched Sam in the nose. Bobby too, probably.
As far as ‘Last Nights’ go, it’s not too shabby.
“I don’t,” Castiel tells him. He grabs Dean by the ears and pulls him in again.
“It is short for Castiel,” the man supplied politely, “I was named after an angel. My parents are very religious.”
“Hey, get in here,” he said, meeting Cas’s eyes in the mirror as he brushed his teeth, “Who cares if your cast gets wet now, right? I’m tired of showering alone.”
. Dean slipped his fingers out and repositioned himself before thrusting into him.
“Well, Zach, it’s been a pleasure. You should join Dad and I for dinner while you’re in town,” he said cordially. The smile on his face was tight. He had
“Dean,” he uttered, his voice strained and pleading. “Please.”
anyway) died.
“Hey, you were skating,” Dean said, nudging him, “You’re halfway there. Why don’t I teach you the other side of the equation?”
you seeing her?”
“What’d I miss?” Dean asked, knocking his brother on the arm to grab his attention.
“That I have no idea,” Castiel answered with a shake of his head. “My best guess is that they were so devout that they wanted to give everything to God, including their children.”
He turned to leave.
“Hm,” Castiel hums, shifting against him. A light smile graces his face.
Dean hums and grins with his nose in Cas’s hair. He presses a kiss into the dark silky nest of his head.
Castiel closed the door softly with a click and there was silence in the office for a beat. Then, his dad spoke.
The girl, Carmen, was pretty. Any other night he would have danced with her a little longer, plied her with a few more drinks and then invited her back with him for a night of awesome and meaningless sex. So what made tonight any different than the dozens of other nights he’d started just like it?
“Oh wait! I should—” Dean dug in his pocket for a tip, but came up empty. “Crap, pajamas, right. Uh, if you wanna wait a sec I can go grab my wallet,” he said, thumbing over his shoulder.
“I do not think your family would appreciate it if were I to wear my birthday suit to dinner,” Castiel replied playfully, “Though it would leave you more room in the suitcase.”
He took a deep breath. What he didn’t say is that it scared him, thoughts of the future—not because he was afraid of getting there, but because he was afraid it would never come to pass.
Castiel shot him a sidelong look. His lips quirked up into a slight smirk, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“Oh, but it’s perfectly okay to stick
“This is Justin, he knew one of the other victims,” Debbie said. “Justin, these boys are helping with the investigation.”
“I’ll wait to notify the Olympics,” he teased, then in the next moment said, “Come on, Cas. You got this.”
“But…” Jack’s face visibly fell. He looked down at his lap. “You are sending me back,” he said quietly.
from the story. Drop me a line in the comments if you are interested. :D
The three hour drive passed in the blink of an eye, and before they knew it Dean was turning Baby down a long, winding dirt road.
“Boys, give him a break,” John said, “He’s a lot older than me and don’t forget, he’s ex-military. If I had trouble with all this, you can be sure—”
against his ribcage.
leave and suddenly you’re
Justin pulled back, placing a hand on his chest to stop the kiss.
Castiel trailed off when he cleared the hallway and found Dean leaning against the breakfast bar, his back to Castiel. The mug of tea sat on its counter, the heat rising off of it in tiny tendrils of steam. He was speaking to someone, but they were blocked from his view. That is, until Dean turned around and his view was no longer blocked.
“Never,” he said cheekily.
“Alright smartass, no need to get cocky,” Dean said. “So you’re telling me we have the green light to do it bareback?”
of his kitchen faucet. He made a mental note to bring a toolbox over the next time he was here so he could fix it, then spent the remainder of the morning thinking about how much he’d screwed up and what he could do to make up for it.
Tomorrow is the long-awaited WINCHESTER MONSTER MASH!! Click
“Jack, you
“Uh, Dean, you want to maybe give it a rest so you can open up the rest of your present?” he said.
“I can be there in half an hour,” Charlie said, “On one condition. Demote those idiots and hire me for real. I’m sick of twiddling my thumbs and staring at orc figurines. No matter
“You keep butt dialing me.”
Castiel nods.
Dean peeked into the bag and pretended not to have noticed.
“They’re fattening,” Castiel told him, giving him
Sam snorted.
“Does that feel good, Cas?” he breathed.
Castiel detoured by Marlene’s office before leaving for the day while Dean went with Claire to sign her out. The door was ajar, so he rapped lightly on it.
“Poorly,” Castiel said succinctly—much in the manner of his father, Dean noted, now that he had met the man. “I had the morning off, as you know. I spent most of it trying to get through to someone at the management office, only to find out they had been aware of the issue the entire time.” With an irritated sigh, Castiel added, “At least they were working to fix it.”
Dean felt a bloom of warmth under his chest. A smile broke out across his face unbidden, automatic.
” Dean planted a smiling kiss on his lips.
The pun brings a smile to Castiel’s face. He turns around and leans against the hood of the Impala and watches as Dean furiously scrubs at the car with his sponge—a small indulgence on his part. Dean feels his presence and glances over at Cas, a light smile on his golden-tanned face. He puts down the sponge and steps over to the stereo, turning it down so that they can chat. There is a cooler by the stereo and he grabs a couple of beers from it, pops the caps off with the penknife in his pocket, and hands one to Cas as he leans against Baby’s hood with a contented,
He’s glad Dean has his eyes closed and cannot see him. Castiel gulps and draws a shaking breath. He has the sudden and irrational desire to touch Dean in some way, whether on the arm or to run his fingers over his face, tracing the outline of his bright green eyes or the sculpted curve of his lips. He resists and feels the ache of it low in his abdomen. The pendant seems to have triggered a physical reaction from his vessel—his
“Well, are we going home or would you rather idle here polluting the Earth unnecessarily?” Castiel snaps at him, slumping back into his seat. He crosses his arms over his chest again and turns to pin Dean with what he hopes is an indignant glare.
—p-pl—
Castiel feels the panic grip him at the thought and reaches for the corner of his dresser to keep his feet.
“Oh man! His
They walked out to the middle of the bridge and stood for a long time watching the sun sink into the horizon in a brilliant display of honey gold and periwinkle blue and bright, florescent pink. Dean opened a beer and passed it to Cas, then grabbed his own. He sat down and threaded his body through the rungs of the old iron bridge, arms folded atop the railing as his feet dangled over the edge into empty air. One hand held his beer by the neck and he swirled it in small, absent-minded circles. Cas sat down beside him and leaned out over the railing, watching the water drift lazily below them.
Charlie laughed.
“Yeah? Then what
“Look up,” Dean said, pointing.
Something crosses Sam’s face, but he isn’t sure what it is. Pity? Grief? Anger?
no good reason to wait,” Castiel said in a low rumble. He looked up at Dean. “We had better let the receptionist know we mean to keep that appointment.”
It was then that Castiel chose to move, hand falling lightly onto his forearm.
Dean let a breath out through his nose—a fast huff of air. He was glad it was dark. He was blushing so hard his cheeks hurt.
“It’s okay. She went quickly, didn’t suffer. It’s about as much as you can ask for in the end,” Dean said.
“Okay,” he said, nodding once to himself, “Let’s do this.”
“Hey Dean, remember me?”
“And the bar?”
favorites.
“Yes, of course,” the doctor said, “A lot of patients take their casts home as souvenirs. Most of the time it has writing on it, however. I assumed you wouldn’t be interested since yours isn’t signed.”
“Check it out,” Dean said at one point, gesturing with the spatula, “I made a bear.”
“Hey, man, go for your dreams,” Dean encouraged him. If Castiel’s singing voice was anything like his talking voice, then
“Just think about it,” Sam pressed, “And until he’s ready…I dunno, stock up on tissues.”
“…I know,” Dean said at last. He took a deep breath. “Cas, I’m sorry about what happened last night. I didn’t mean for you to get hurt.”
Castiel looked up and caught his eyes. Dean didn’t look tired at all, and it was barely nine besides. He seemed to realize the charade was for his benefit and frowned slightly.
“Dean! Your feet—quit it!”
“Hard to say. Based on how fast things are moving between them…next week?”
the kind of effect he was having and smirked at Cas, his face only inches from the displeased frown that the man now wore on his face.
“Suit yourself,” Brian replied. “We could always divide it in half.” He gave Sam a heated look filled with everything he wanted to do to the larger man. “How about it, Sammy?”
Dean leaned in to Cas.
Castiel sat up a little and took a few sips, then grimaced and pushed it away.
“I…think you’re going to want to take it,” Kevin said meaningfully. Dean looked up at him, giving his PA his full attention since he walked into the room.
“This is going to be a long two weeks,” he declared.
“That could be an issue,” Cas murmured back to him, looking down between them to the front of his pants. Dean could clearly see what he meant and snorted into his shoulder, smothering a laugh.
Zachariah makes a move and Dean reacts in a way that could put both their futures in jeopardy.
form of entertainment.
Dean fiddled with his phone and picked at his fries, which had long since turned cold. He ordered another coffee from the blond waiter, Justin, who kept tossing him looks and smiling brightly whenever Dean looked up.
Dean reached over to the nightstand where the keys to the Impala were resting. Sam moved faster, however, and snatched them up first.
“I have hurt you,” Cas said softly, letting his hand drop away. He glanced up at Dean, who frowned down at him.
For the second time in as many days, Dean got to wake up to Castiel’s adorable bedhead. He watched his serenely sleeping face for a number of minutes, content to commit every line and angle of him to memory before waking him. He was supposed to be at the office by nine, which meant as much as he wanted to spend all morning in bed, they really ought to get moving. Dean glanced over to the clock, which read just past seven. Well, maybe they had
Cas nodded, a faint grin adorning his otherwise unreadable face.
Castiel climbed weakly back into bed and then collapsed onto the pillow with another groan.
“This could be…unpleasant,” the angel said.
“And you must be Claire, the music prodigy,” Dean greeted, smirking at her. If she was surprised to find that her reputation proceeded her, then she didn’t show it. Instead, Dean received an exaggerated eye roll. He ignored it and turned to Cas. “You about ready there, Ducky?” he asked. He heard Claire snort at the nickname, but ignored that too.
“She knew,” Dean said. He looked down at his empty plate, pushing a soggy fry around it with his finger. “I never told her, but she knew. She made me promise…”
Dean took a deep breath and continued. “He asked me what I was still doing at the hospital and… I dunno. I couldn’t lie to him anymore. So I told him the truth.”
and then Dean heard footsteps growing steadily louder as someone rushed down the hallway. Dean slowly let out the breath he was holding through tightly pursed lips and rearranged his face into something that he hoped was pleasant as the door unlocked, then opened. He braced himself.
cheating, but in the end… yeah, guess it’s still cheating, huh?”
“One dance, Cas, come on,” Dean pleaded.
Castiel’s eyes flitted up to his for just a second.
“Ok well I know neither of those, so let’s just stick with English, yeah?” Dean suggested.
“I don’t know,” he said in jest, “You didn’t see the doctor.”
“Y’know, the—uh, t-the
“Uriel has noticed our…attraction for one another,” Castiel explained. He was holding himself stiff as a board, arms ramrod straight at his sides. His voice shook a little as he spoke, and Dean thought he detected a line of anger underneath his carefully constructed resolve. “He warned me against fraternizing with guests.”
“I have since rescinded my notice,” Castiel continued, “I thought I could let Jack have the apartment. That way he has his own space and we can have ours.”
“Sorry,” Dean rushed to apologize, “Been kinda busy.”
“Happy New Year, Dean,” Castiel replied.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, “Sam got it for me when he left for college. It was a joke, okay? That I was gonna miss him not being around, even though he’s barely an hour away...” Dean trailed off at the look Cas was giving him. Soft, adoring.
“Remember, come at me
“Mary believed you had the potential to become a great man, but she told me you had to find it on your own—that I couldn’t force you into it or it would never happen. She was…right, as always,” John finished.
Dean took another sip of beer. Time to change the subject.
“Yeah, okay, I get that,” Dean replied awkwardly.
Castiel doesn’t trust himself to speak this time, just nods.
“Would you have gone home?” he asked.
Dean brought it over to the counter, then added a back scratcher, a Chinese finger trap, and a little red drum with strings just for fun. Castiel came up behind him and placed a hand at the back of his neck. He hummed as he saw the treasure trove Dean had piled on the counter.
“What exactly did you think you would accomplish here today?” it asks, “You’ll never escape from me, not while I hold you here.” The thing still doesn’t seem to have figured out exactly what they are doing, so maybe Jacob can use that to his advantage.
. “I’m just as surprised as you are.” He paused and drew in a sharp breath. “Cas?”
respect it.”
“Cas? You sure you’re okay there, buddy?” he asks.
“Good,” Dean said. He stuffed the last bit of his pie in and spoke around it, eyes cast down to his plate, “’Cause that guy sounds boring. This is the you I’m f—” Dean practically bit his tongue off to stop the words that nearly fell out of his mouth.
“Dean, are you… are you offering to pay for my tuition?” he asked, barely believing the words out of his mouth, “Is that what you’re getting me for Christmas? Because—because I’m sorry but it’s too much and I can’t accept—”
“Ready?”
Dean gulps, because he’s suddenly thinking about the first time he met the Nephilim-turned-
“Uh.” Now faced with it, Dean wasn’t sure he could say what he wanted to say. “Uh, stuff. You? How’s Jess? School?”
“So what’s his name?” Carmen asked.
Dean got up and started pacing back and forth while he did, wondering what the hell was going to walk through his front door.
It’s been a very weird day. Not that
Sam flushed. “No,” he said. “I’m not…I’m not into guys.”
“Not gay. Bi,” Dean corrected, “I wasn’t lying to you. Not really. Just not telling you the whole truth.” Dean looked down and scuffed his shoe against the gray linoleum floor. “Mom knew,” he muttered. “Sammy knows.”
“I feel utterly sinful,” he murmured against Dean’s skin.
Castiel danced away from his tickling fingers with a laugh and then after a few teasing minutes allowed Dean to catch him and lower him down on their bed.
“There’s a part three?” Castiel answered. Dean just grinned at him as though it were obvious so he said, “Very well, lead the way.”
Castiel snapped out of his thoughts and looked up at him.
They spent nearly the entire day out on the dock together, with Dean fishing and Castiel reading aloud next to him. He didn’t catch anything more, but then again they didn’t really need it. They still had plenty of fish left over from that morning.
“He was…Caucasian. About my height… no, a little shorter than that,” Jack described, marking a spot near his forehead with his hand.
This city was beginning to feel like a home to him.
Sam let them off the hook for that night’s research session (what was he, their
“I would like a piece of pie,” he told the young waiter. “I would like the…strawberries and cream pie.”
They would get the results in a couple of weeks, just in time for Dean’s birthday.
He shuffles into the kitchen one morning after about a week following his revival to find Dean at the stove shuffling a large, cast iron pan sizzling with bacon. Castiel squints at the noise through bleary, sleep-addled eyes and runs a hand through the mess of bedhair atop his head.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted, dropping his gaze to the countertop. The small bottle of whiskey hung between his fingertips. “I really do.” He fell quiet for a moment, then shook himself and glanced back at the redhead. “Don’t tell him I said that,” he said quickly.
Dean blushed a little, looking away.
“Suit yourself,” she answered, and Dean could
“Because I haven’t celebrated it in years,” Castiel told him, “And even if that were not the case, we were
“Dean, would you like me to take you right here on this table?” Castiel asked. His voice was husky and heavy with arousal. Dean grunted and made a gurgling whining noise in the back of his throat that he had to admit wasn’t at all manly but in the moment he really didn’t give a shit. “I’ll take that as a yes,” Castiel said against his skin.
“Trust me, we don’t need it,” he told her firmly.
Engines revved around them and cars rolled in a slow line out of the open field, the movie patrons leaving the scene now that the last show was over—back to their houses and two-point-four children and weird little dogs with names such as
Dean fists hard and comes embarrassingly fast. He slaps the wall and pants heavily, dropping the throbbing rod of flesh bobbing half-hard between his legs.
“I am excited to meet him,” Castiel said. “You mentioned he is coming to your Halloween Party?”
Dean heard a splash and broke away, startled.
“Harry, that’s only when they’re powered up,” Ed argued.
Dean was still standing close to him and Cas was still up against the wall. Dean stepped back and Castiel led them back down the access stairwell to the lobby. It was mostly empty by now, though a few over-zealous patrons were still schmoozing around sipping champagne by the hall doors. The pair slipped along the edges of the lobby and out into the crisp night air.
Dean grimaced on instinct. Oh God, no, anything but that. The question persisted. He tip-toed around it, tried to think about it from an objective point of view.
“Know what we should do,” Dean said, turning the small green sprig over in his hand, “Should tie it to a stick and then make it into a hat. It’d be like a kissing hat. I bet people would pay good money for something like that.”
“There anyone else?” he asked. The words slipped out so easily, Dean surprised himself. He blinked and his eyes widened a little, suddenly remembering he’d known Cas for less than ten minutes. “Sorry, you don’t have to answer that,” he said quickly, “I know I’m a total stranger. I was just curious.”
“It depends,” he says at last, turning the pendant over in his fingers. He holds it up by the string and watches as it sways naturally from side to side before coming to rest in the air. “The feelings change.”
Next chapter things pick up a little... so I'm excited. Until next week! :D
“Hey, you’re the one who said we all have our strengths,” Dean reminded him. He turned Cas’s face back to him, stroking the side of it with his thumb. “It doesn’t bother me, Cas. You’re better at this whole dating thing than I am. We gotta work with what we’ve got, right?”
“Right,” Dean says. He pauses to gather his thoughts. “Well, see, the thing is…earlier, when I said I had a family? I…well, what I meant was…there’s family like Mom and Sammy, and Jack too I guess although that’s a little different. Kid’s like a son to all of us, strange as that sounds. Mom thinks of him as her grandson. And Cas…” Dean trails off, glancing up nervously to meet his father’s eyes and when he continues, his voice is hoarse. It grates on his throat like sandpaper.
“Could do next time I come ‘round to fix your sink,” Bobby replied with a wink.
“It is yours, if you want it,” Cas replied.
John would be back from California the following afternoon. Dean wanted to have his ducks in a row before he arrived.
“Yeah, well, since your old man is pretty much useless…” Dean commented. He frowned and then forced a smile on his face. “Well, anyway, it’s his loss. Who needs him, right?”
At Castiel’s slight nod, Dean grinned.
It’s dead silent on the way back to the bunker.
and then Dean is on top of him, pinning him to the ground with a forearm at his throat and one hand wrapped around Castiel’s wrist. He’s straddling Castiel, their bodies pressed together from groin to chest, and Dean’s face is but inches from his own. He can feel the warm rush of Dean’s breath, feel the heat of his sweat rising from his skin through his damp t-shirt.
Dean sat squirming in the pews with Jack for over an hour before Sam and Jess showed up, and by then it was nearly time for the show to start. Dean shot up his hand and waved them over to the front where they were sitting. Dean had a video camera in his lap, which Sam nodded to when he slid in next to his brother after their habitual bro-hug.
After weeks of hemming and hawing over whether he should tell Dean about the necklace, Castiel finally decides to keep it. His room at the bunker is mostly bare, but the few personal items he does own go in a small wooden box in his dresser drawer. The necklace will feel right at home among the other two items in the box. One is the mixtape Dean gave to him. The other is the photo of them all in Bobby’s living room. The negative of Bobby’s camera is yet another thing Castiel has saved from the waste bin. He’s glad he did. It is a good picture. It is his only picture of Dean.
“Yeah,” Dean tells him at the next break, “Gonna tell you all about it. Later. Sex first.”
Dean’s eyes snapped back open a second later, realizing what had just happened. He was letting the creature lull him into its trap.
better than a slutty angel.
“Sure,
“Dean, I can practically
“We’d better get you back to the motel,” his brother said, cranking over the engine.
“Relax, boy. Whatever it is, it ain’t the end of the world,” the woman reassured him in a heavy southern drawl—a
“Well okay, suit yourself,” Dean said, giving the man half a shrug, “I won’t be long, promise.”
They lie entangled in the mess of Dean’s completion until things start getting uncomfortable. Dean’s pants are still around his knees. He kicks them the rest of the way off and grabs his t-shirt from the corner of the bed where Cas tossed it to clean up the mess. Castiel’s fingers press into his chest, eyes hazy and lust-blown. Dean slides a hand down the front of his pants and watches as the angel’s eyes flutter closed.
“I’m just makin’ sure we didn’t miss anything,” he grumbles defensively, dropping his gaze. Jacob takes a couple steps into the room and looks on with an air of condescension that’s meant to peak the hunter’s ire. It works. Dean looks up and narrows his eyes. “
Jo nodded.
don’t deserve his love and protection?”
“They only just rang the hour,” Cas said.
Castiel face melted into that that secretly pleased expression of his that one of these days Dean was going to mention hid absolutely nothing.
“You are a very odd couple,” he said.
“For what?” he asked, wearing his
“It could be nothing,” Cas replied, “but I should enter his dreams to be sure.”
Ben choked on his coffee, and Michael’s mouth dropped open. Emmett just laughed, loud and gleeful with his head thrown back. Ted looked a little guilty. Brian looked like…well, how Brian Kinney usually looked—cocky with a few layers of cynicism.
go as the slutty angel.”
Castiel very slowly let go of the shirt.
“It is a normal shift for a hotel,” the bellboy replied. “You are back early.”
The far end of the bookshelf was filled with a series of thick, leather journals in varying shades of brown. There were five of them in total. Below this, on the desk itself, was another of the same size and girth. Dean picked it up, carefully untied the strap keeping it bound together, and flipped open the cover.
“He was working all day today too,” Castiel replied. He frowned. “He’ll be upset if he misses the movie. I’ll wake him up.”
“I am not sure I like it here,” Cas said, watching him go. He was pressed in close to Dean as he scanned the crowd of horny, half-naked men. He glared at anyone who stared too long.
It was a crazy night.
Dean’s smile grows. Castiel touches the pendant in his pocket and feels a gentle glow of happiness flow to him when he does.
Dean started to turn away when Ben grabbed his arm.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean said. He gestured his brother closer with his hands. “Come on, stop trying to save the world and say hi, bitch,” he said.
Jacob looks over to Dean again, who is staring with eyes that are dead-set on the road ahead of him. He’s gone still as a statue but his hand is practically strangling the steering wheel. Jacob remembers the crushing force of his embrace and narrows his eyes. There is a lot here that these two aren’t telling him.
“Should make that into a bumper sticker,” Sam chucked, taking a bite of donut.
“You brought me to a candy store?” Deans voice held a level of bewildered disbelief that had his head spinning. “
“Because I—” Dean said. He swallowed and took another breath as he attempted to explain. “Cas, come on. I know I used to sleep around and chances are I’ll fuck things up for good one of these days...” He trailed off and let go of Castiel’s arm, letting out a humorless chuckle.
Dean shrugged, his face falling.
“Wha—?”
The smile Dean gifts him is worth him saying it. Dean leans in again and kisses him, and this time Castiel feels his heart as though it bursts through the amulet and into his own. It is breathless, this feeling, and he gasps into Dean’s mouth, both surprised and aroused.
“A walk sounds nice,” Castiel replied.
It seemed to work. If his dad had any opinions about them helping out Jack, he kept it to himself. Dean caught Charlie’s red hair out of his peripheral then and waved her over. She scooted in beside Jo and waved a quick hello before turning to the blonde with a bright and rather flirtatious greeting. Dean introduced Jack to her quickly just as the lights dimmed to signal that the show was about to begin.
Suddenly Dean got an idea.
Dean he is feeling through it. With the amulet’s comforting presence weighing in his pocket, Castiel climbs shakily to his feet and staggers out of his room.
“I am not ‘Ducky’ tonight?” Castiel murmured, teasing him. He was panting and flushed, his lips painted bright pink from all the kissing.
The room was immediately engaged in Sam’s overenthusiastic beer run. Dean used the distraction to pull Cas quietly from the room.
Dean grinned and looked down at the gray-blue carpet of his office. He didn’t know which part of that sentence made him happier—the thought of Cas feeding the ducks in Central Park, or him checking in with Dean about his first day on the job.
He looked at Dean then, his face beaming and his eyes bright. Dean loved the way Cas looked at him, smile wide and face soft—looked at him like he was fresh and brand new and perfect in every possible way.
“You are welcome,” Castiel replied.
He hooked an arm around Justin’s neck and pulled him toward the door.
“Alright, I’m going out on a limb here, trusting your judgment,” he said. Dean relaxed half an inch, the relief showing on his face. His dad continued. “But we’re in trouble. Zachariah could sue us for breaking contract.”
“Uh, thing is—Cas is my
The three turned away and exited the diner.
“You were seventeen when you met mom,” Dean pointed out.
Back inside Woody’s, Sam was quickly learning that Emmett Honeycutt was impossible to say no to. Which is how he found himself dragged (okay, so he was exaggerating about that part) over to a table where Emmett ordered himself a cosmo and Sam ordered a couple of beers. He had a feeling they weren’t going to last very long.
an apartment,” Dean said bitterly, turning away.
Castiel blinked and turned until he was completely facing Dean. Then he pulled the man into a sloppy kiss not unlike the one Dean had given him when he’d opened his own gift.
“I believe we were opening presents,” Cas said, looking up at him. “And since Jack is finished either you or I are next.”
Jacob draws in a deep breath. He’s getting irritated and he’s more than a little freaked out, and mistaken identity is
“Yes,” Castiel affirmed, smiling faintly at Dean’s use of
“I know, I know,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “You have to be
He stopped a couple feet away, despite the near physical itch to be closer to him. Uriel had been understanding of them, and regardless of the fact that as of today Dean was no longer a guest, he wanted to make sure things stayed that way for Cas’s sake.
“Yes. Please, Dean, stop teasing me,” the man pleaded. His voice held a high, raspy edge.
Just as they were passing one of the tables out in the main area of the park, an older woman called out to Dean.
Dean looked up to get a look at where they had landed. His green eyes widened as he suddenly realized where Cas had taken him.
fucking deal!”
Marlene patted him on the shoulder.
Dean was practically moaning into his strawberry cream from across the table.
, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“I’m sorry. I should explain. It’s not that I don’t want to—” Castiel struggled.
They end up ordering pizza to go with the nachos. Sam and Eileen join them—in fact, this little get together was Sam’s idea. Something about spending time as a family. Castiel catches Eileen’s flush when Sam says it and shares a smile with her. He remembers the first time Dean included him in that label, how elated and grateful he felt. It’s a good feeling, even now. He just wishes it meant something slightly different in Dean’s case.
Castiel had the book he took from Dean’s room open on his lap the moment they settled into first class. He thumbed through it, reading the sections where Dean had commented and then the comments themselves. He smiled every now and then at some of Dean’s reactions to certain things—an exclamation point here, a ‘
and then sucked in to catch it back. “Don’t you dare come yet.”
“I can’t wait to hear all about it,” John was saying, “Tomorrow, though. For now, I’m calling it a night.” He rose from the couch with one last pat to Dean’s shoulder and shuffled off to his room.
” was the only thing Dean caught before his next step disturbed a squeaky board and the argument cut off abruptly. When he stepped into the room, the Grays were sipping casually at their coffee as though nothing was wrong.
“Why did you agree to go out with me?” Dean asked, “I mean, after everything that’s happened.”
You can listen to the song Cas sings at the end
Castiel just looked at him with an unimpressed squint in his eyes.
“Fine. See you around,
“Yep, give us two minutes.”
“Well, ain’t you just Sally Miss Sunshine,” Dean teases, and Castiel feels a blush rise to his cheeks. He gives in and touches the amulet in his pocket again and finds Dean’s emotions less confused than before—the hunter seems happy and at least somewhat more at peace. There’s still a slow churn of guilt and anguish, however, and a fluttering of nervousness. Castiel holds back a sigh and drops the pendant, watching wistfully as Dean brings his attention back to his breakfast.
“Mmmph.” The noise Cas made the second the sugar explosion hit his tongue was surprise mixed with ecstasy. When he bit down, the angel’s eyes rolled back in his head. “This is magnificent,” he said around a mouthful of donut.
At Castiel’s hesitant nod, they continued down the street.
thing. It wasn’t like that was new to him, or news, even. If Dean had one talent in the world, it was how to pick ‘em.
“You loved him,” he says first. Dean nods. “And he loved you back?” Another nod. Hmm, puzzling. Mutual love isn’t usually an issue. Unless… “Did he know?”
Castiel ignores his internal struggle and slips the necklace over his head. He has never worn it before now because in his mind it has always been Dean’s. Now he claims it as his own. The pendant comes to rest in the middle of his sternum. Dean reaches out and touches it and Castiel feels the flood of love and affection from the man as he does.
“Seriously, thank you,” Justin was saying. The blond looked at Cas earnestly. “I don’t know how I can ever repay you.”
Dean’s eyebrows crawled further up his forehead. He let out a low whistle.
,” Dean flirted shamelessly. He brought his mouth in close to Cas’s and breathed hot against his face, teasing him with the perfect sculpture of his lips.
Him and Cas looked down into the pan. Cas felt a snigger crawl up his throat and swallowed it down.
“How so?” Cas said. He tilted his head, not getting the reference. The look of soft bewilderment on his face had Dean staring at his lips and thinking about the night before.
“Dean, please quit alluding to our sex life and make the goddamn waffles!” Castiel snapped at him. He shot Dean a sour look of irritation.
“You can’t know that,” Dean insisted, “We’ve only been going out for three months. What if—”
He led Cas out onto the dance floor, joining the throng of cavorting Halloweeners in their festivities.
He grabbed the fishing pole leaning up in the corner, pausing to press a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head—it was just poking out from where he slept soundly under the covers—and then left his softly snoring boyfriend curled up in front of the fire.
Some hours into researching (and a few more ham and cheese sandwiches and an entire pot of coffee, care of Sam), Jacob’s eyeballs have the consistency of sandpaper and feel like they’re about to fall out of his head. Dean’s down near his second bottle of whiskey and keeps nodding off in the corner. Sam just went to brew up more java.
the feeling of Cas full in his mouth, precum and spit dribbling down his chin. He moans around Cas’s dick and there’s a fleeting moment where it registers with a jolt that
Jack looked between them all and tilted his head to the side.
—” he started to say.
, sitting by a lake having a fucking existential crisis.
They spent a long time in the shower—longer than they really should have, and Dean was rushing by the time they got out.
were you thinking!?” John bellowed, face red. He shoved up in Dean’s face, looking about ready to hit him.
“Sorry,” Cas replied. He seemed ashamed of his blunder. “I did not mean to.”
This chapter is mostly in Charlie's POV and it's my first time writing f/f so go easy on me (which is the main reason I decided not to go past first base so apologies to anyone who might have been looking forward to more than that). :)
who I am. Cas showed me that, and I…I wouldn’t change that for anything.”
“Ohh, that’s good.” He practically moaned it. “Now I wonder why I even bothered with the burger,” he said.
Dean blinks and suddenly he’s in the barn again, machete in hand. He glances behind him and sees the rusty nail that was his demise sticking out of the post and thinks,
“Please, Dean…it’s so bright,” Castiel complained.
Castiel merely shook his head.
They spent much of the morning in bed lounging by the fire, Castiel basking in what was perhaps the best blow job of his
Dean walked John to the door, following silently behind his old man with his eyes glued to the hardwood floor under his feet. He chewed the inside of his lip, a million things on his mind but no way of knowing how to express them all.
Brian blinked, seeming taken aback by his answer. Perhaps he hadn’t thought Cas would say yes. He stared at the angel, the anger in his eyes leaking away into raw emotion. He seemed to be considering something very seriously.
The entire staff was already seated in the dining room, waiting patiently for everyone to arrive before they started to eat.
A beer appeared in his hand.
“Good,” Dean grunted. “Shit. Brian!”
“So you
“Cas, that’s not how this works,” Dean said gently.
“It’s fine, Mikey, let it go,” Brian said.
Castiel gave a frustrated sound.
“I assure you it was.” Castiel was silent for a beat, then continued. “I did some research,” he admitted.
, Dean. With
“Now I get it,” Carmen said suddenly, nodding. She had followed Dean’s gaze and caught him staring. “He’s cute,” she said.
“Hell no,” Dean blurted.
” she said.
Maybe this was where things had been headed all along. Dean didn’t know. He rather felt like the decision he made the night before while trying desperately to sleep and
“Tomorrow night,” Dean whispered, “We’re getting two rooms.” He winced, realizing what he’d said only after the words were out. “I mean…if you’re planning on sticking around.”
Dean breaks off abruptly, realizing he’s rambling and clears his throat. He looks down at his feet and shuffles them to cover up his unease. It’s difficult to continue, but somehow knowing that his father will never remember this, that at worse he’ll have to suffer his father’s disappointment for only a couple hours makes it easier.
“Peanut Butter and Jelly
Cas was staring down at the river below them, a surprised look on his face. His hand was frozen in the air, fingers open and empty where the beer bottle had been only moments before.
“Dean? Why are you FaceTiming me?” came Sam’s confused greeting.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and dragged him across the room where Sam had turned to Jessica, Castiel’s phone ready to capture the proposal on video.
John raised his eyebrows but didn’t comment at his weak attempt to change the subject.
Sam grinned widely at them, moved by their open show of affection.
“Together,” he agreed.
. It was there just for him.
Castiel saw it the next time he got angry, and he also watched as Jack took his advice, taking a deep breath and counting in his head as he held it. He then let it out with a thoughtful nod.
Dean didn’t give him a moment to recover, just grabbed him by the shoulder, spun him around and drove another fist into the side of his face.
“My point is that I
“Then we drag his ass out,” Ellen spoke up. Her mouth was drawn in a thin line, her lips pressed together. “Maybe a good kick in the pants is all he needs.”
doesn’t mean I can’t see what’s going on?”
“Okay I…I think I’m good,” he rasped.
“Quack,” Castiel said.
“So anyway, earlier, when you said…said it wasn’t a question between you and mom which was more important? Well, I’ve got someone like that too. Wish I could introduce you properly, but it turns out in this version of reality we never…uhh...s-so even if Mom wasn’t going to fade away to nothing, I still wouldn’t have a choice. I’d have to send you back. Cas is…he’s family. He’s
“This works with you letting me take care of you,” Dean told him, “Cuz I want to. Cuz I love you.”
in—like a mountain stream flowing through a meadow. Guilt rears its head like a groundhog and butts back, and they gain a sort of middle ground as the two emotions vie for dominance. While they hold the line, the sadness creeps in again like a leaky faucet and starts to fill every corner with its touch.
Cas shook his head.
“No, I am the one who should apologize,” Cas said. “I should not have brought it up.”
“You don’t owe me anything,” Dean insisted. He smiled, stepped in a little closer and trailed his hand down Castiel’s sleeve. “Except maybe lunch or something. For saving your ass again.”
Castiel seemed amused. “Is that so?” He looked back to Dean, who was grinning down at him, and Dean thought maybe there was something in that look that hadn’t been there since the night they were at the opera.
“Man, chill the fuck
“I don’t know why you are with me,” he said quietly, “When you could just as easily choose…” He trailed off, but the implication was clear.
Castiel raised his eyes from the small screen and shot him a look.
“Guess we’d better get this party boat going before we get stuck out here in the dark,” Dean said with a grin.
The look in the angel’s eyes was reverent yet sad. Cas nodded, then moved past Brian and over to the smiling blond with quick, purposeful steps. Brian stared wide-eyed at Dean with the glass frozen halfway to his lips as if to say ‘
they were talking about. If he was going to go full-gay with anyone, he wanted it to be him. That, and the thought of having Cas inside of him was enticing in a way he hadn’t expected.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean replied. And then, because he was Dean and he couldn’t stand these sorts of chick-flick moments, “Jeez Sam, one day in this town and you’re already gay for me.”
He decided to push on, regardless. He had to believe it wasn’t too late. Anna had said not to give up, so that’s what he was going to do.
“Leave it on,” he said quickly.
“Well okay, but there
Castiel shook his head and passed him the mug. Dean took a generous gulp and relished the burn of it down his throat after the freezing cold shower, vowing to forgo his worries about how pretentious it sounded to him or girlie and buy a freaking towel warmer as soon as possible. Next time he had to take a cold shower
Rough hands were suddenly gripping his sides again, guiding him to lie back on the bed. They slid across his stomach, over his hips and down his thighs. Then they carefully ruffled his skirt up around his navel. A hand grasped him between the legs and stroked up, causing Dean to arch off of the small bed with a moan. A thumb flicked over the top of his head, and then a tongue brushed against his tip, circling around it. A pair of lips soon followed, teasing him first with just a short dip over his head, then a slow lick up his shaft. Dean cried out and trembled, his inability to see heightening the sensations flooding through him.
“No fucking way,” Brian shot back, following him.
He threw off the covers and rolled out of bed, then chased Cas bare assed into the bathroom, pinching at the dimples on his cheeks. Dean caught him up against the glass to the shower and pressed a slow kiss to his lips.
“First and only time I tried it was with friends for my twenty-first birthday,” she said, “Had about six shots in half an hour.” She laughed as Charlie winced. “I know, but it was going down pretty smooth. I didn’t even have a hangover the next day, but then someone mentioned Jegger at breakfast and I nearly lost it at the table. Haven’t touched it since.”
Castiel gathered his things and left for the day, heading for the park. He had been neglecting his ducks since the accident. He thought maybe a stop on the way home to say hello to Marcin and feed them might help him figure out what to do about Claire.
, Dean realizes. Really,
“I could ask you the same thing. I’ve been trying to wake you up for twenty minutes!”
“Dean, this is not something you can fix,” Castiel said.
“I didn’t cheat on you,” Dean insisted, hugging him tighter, “You’ve got to believe me on that, Cas. God, please say you believe me. I could never do that to you.”
“Dean,” said a soft, gravelly voice.
“Bacon again?” he says, half in amusement and the other in light disapproval. He and Sam keep trying to convince Dean to eat healthier now that Cas is human and can’t unclog his arteries every other month.
William frowned deeply at the agnostic nature of Dean’s response.
But Cas is still looking at him like he doesn’t know what to do with Dean anymore, as though he has misjudged everything about him.
“You have no idea,” he said.
“A few years,” Castiel replied shortly. Polite again. Assuaging the guest. It was his job to do so, Dean reminded himself, but he wondered how hard he could push and whether he could get Cas to lose that cool, equable exterior before they reached his floor.
. Dean pressed his lips into the lithe muscles of a forearm and licked Cas while he wormed a finger up his ass.
“Uh…yeah, no. Sure,” he struggled. He tried to hide the disappointment he could feel tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I just …I’ve been thinking about the future, that’s all. About my role in the company and wh…w-what I want and stuff,” he paraphrased.
“Must be nice to live in La La Land,” Jo said, cheek in her hand. She glanced at Charlie.
“Impossible!” It hisses back, “I don’t know who or what you are, but you cannot be Castiel! You cannot be awake. I would feel it!”
“Dean?”
She slid Charlie’s new drink over to her as she finished. Charlie held it up between them. “To kicking ass,” she said.
“Oh,” Cas says. “No.”
“I could do that,” he said.
, he wanted something warm to cover his ass. He huddled closer to the gas fireplace as he drank his coffee and listened to Cas explain.
“So,” Dean said, turning back to Cas, “You ready to roll out of here?”
“Push what?” Castiel asked, confused.
“Hey,” Dean called out, before he could get too far away. “I just had a meeting with a—”
Silence stretched between them as Helen’s words settled in the air like the fine layer of dust that covered the room. Then Dean passed his finger through the wind chimes one more time and replied just as softly, “I don’t think Cas sees it that way at all.”
Dean cries anyway when the dog dies. So does Castiel. He thought that
to ease the sexual frustration he’d been feeling since that afternoon. It was his kind of a place, and Dean slipped through the door with an easy smile feeling right at home.
“So… I’m Michael’s sword?” he asks anyway.
“Shit.”
Dean nodded.
“Jack,” the taller man—Sam interrupts, “You want to tell us what’s going on?”
“Is that all you’ve got?” Dean asked him, hefting the few boxes of clothes into his arms. Castiel’s eyes flickered over the bulge of his biceps and forearms as he did so, his only thought that he would be going home with this man and staying there. Indefinitely, if things worked out. He might never come back here. Though he had decided to keep the apartment on the off chance that something did happen, he had a feeling that it wouldn’t be needed. This was goodbye, he realized, and he was so caught up in his thoughts that Dean assumed he hadn’t heard and repeated his question.
“Yeah. Hadn’t thought of that,” Dean muttered. He slipped his hand into Cas’s and steered them toward the skating rink. After a minute, Dean glanced over to Cas. “Hey, Cas?” he said in a soft voice.
“Hm. I rather like it,” he said, looking back up at everyone with his signature dopey smile. Charlie snorted a little into her drink.
“So Cas, you speak French?” Sam asked once the hilarity died down.
. You could be the slutty angel on the tree.”
Cas crowded against him in the blink of an eye and a flurry of wings and pushed Dean onto the bed.
Five minutes later, Castiel is crying too.
clear off his desk rather than just shove everything into a pile in the corner, Dean opened his bottom drawer and began carefully replacing the files back where they belonged. He had almost forgotten his father was still there until he spoke.
“Dude, again with the air quotes?”
“Yes, I would like that,” Castiel said in between bites, “I miss Charlie. I haven’t been to the soup kitchen since the accident.”
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel rasped back.
They were words he was going to seriously regret speaking aloud.
John, Ellen, and Jo showed up then, and that was the end of
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said, the relief pouring through him, “Really. But...this isn’t just about me. You deserve better than all the lies I’ve been spinning. Hell, if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t even be
As he stalked away he heard Ed mutter under his breath.
Castiel inched closer to the fire and warmed his hands.
Eileen signs back.
“Well…aren’t you?” he asked.
“Oh my
” He stares at the two blankly. “
“Castiel took me shopping,” Jack was saying animatedly, “But you already knew that. We also talked about some possible employment options. And then we came back here to bake cookies.”
Tears welled up in his eyes again.
“Oh! Oh, Dean! Oh!” Cas panted, chest heaving and gripped the bed sheets. Dean pushed his fingers back in, and repeated the same motion.
“Dean, what is it?” Castiel asked quietly, “If you don’t want Jack here I can—I can ask him to leave.” He seemed suddenly miserable at the mere mention of it.
Sam hesitated. He glanced at Em, who nodded encouragingly, then leaned down and whispered in Michael’s ear.
“What time is it?” he asked.
“So. You must be Jo,” Charlie said, stepping up to the newest addition to their group. Her hands hung from the back pockets of her jeans. “I’m Charlie,” she introduced, holding out a hand. Jo took it with a smile.
“Who’s your favorite character?” Charlie asked next. She took a calm sip of her drink and blinked. It was starting to go to her head.
“Sam, don’t be a moron,” Dean said, “We’re just giving the kid a place to crash while he looks for a job. That’s all it is.”
, Cas,” he breathed, groping for something to hang on to. He got the far edge of the table and braced himself against it as Castiel thrust into him again. This ripped another loud moan from him. Cas’s fingers dug into Dean’s hips, rocking forward into him with the force of a hurricane and dragging the most obscene noises from Dean at each punching thrust. Dean’s cock was hard as a tree branch against his stomach, swollen and leaking precum every time Castiel grazed that sweet spot inside of him. Dean struggled for breath, chest heaving at the feeling of being filled up and ripped apart at the same time.
man.”
“Jack,” Dean said sternly when they pulled apart, motioning at the kid to huddle up and pay attention, “One more thing about the new pad.” He leaned in to tell him the rest, his voice dead serious. “A lot of what we’re doing to help you isn’t exactly legal.
“Samuel,” John warned.
Castiel doesn’t answer him at first. He stares down at his closed fist where the pendant of Dean’s necklace is warm against his palm. A steady pulse of guilt and sadness seeps through it and has been for the last three days since his and Dean’s ‘fight,’ as Sam and Eileen are calling it.
Castiel nodded at him in return.
Cas gave Jess her present—a gift card to Filene’s Basement—and seemed pleased by what he received in return—a red t-shirt with a bell on it from
Actually, how
“I wasn’t laughing at that,” he said. He giggled again, not at all in a manly way. “Just…we’re like a bad chick flick with the whole sunset boat ride and then toppling into e-each other’s a-arms—” Dean broke off into another bout of sniggers, barely managing to finish the sentence.
For the second time in as many minutes, Castiel found big, fat, Italian lips pressed up against his.
Cas texted him at a quarter of eight to tell him he was on his way. Dean left his name with the doorman to allow him up, and true to his word, fifteen minutes following there was a soft knock at the door. Dean opened it with a grin to find Castiel standing there. He looked a little nervous.
“Let’s see what you’ve got,” he said, handing them to his son.
Dean noted the soft, amiable manner of her smile and how it reached all the way to her eyes. They were blue too, though lighter and not as intense as her son’s. The crinkle at the corner of them and the wideness of her lips, though—that was all Cas.
“See, that’s where we’re different,” Dean said. He scooped a spoonful of vanilla bean ice cream and the goopy insides of the pie—with just a touch of crust mounting the soft pile of juicy berries—and dropped the whole confectionary bundle onto his tongue. “I see something I want, I go after it. That’s just the way I am. Life’s too short to live it being so damn serious all the time.”
Part of him wanted to call the whole thing off, but then Castiel spoke.
The ice cream disappeared quickly but the opportunities to press in close to one another lingered. Cas’s hand found its way into Dean’s again as they continued down the road. After a couple twists and turns, Dean realized they were heading for the park.
“Sounds like you did alright,” Dean said, fidgeting with the bread in his hands, “Better than most in your shoes.”
,” Dean mimicked under his breath, shooting Alex a face. She didn’t notice at all. She was far too busy watching Castiel play.
“Woah,” Dean breathed, taken in by the sight. Beside him, Cas nodded.
to get a no here.
Dean stumbled to his feet, staggering after them. He reached the doors just before they closed.
one,’” Castiel mocked, recounting his exact words. Dean winced, cursing his damned eidetic memory. “‘The size of the wood
“Hey Cas,” Sam returned, as if the angel had done nothing to deserve his contempt, and that just wasn’t
Something was there the second he rounded the corner—something large swinging something heavy.
“Ready?” Dean asked him. He allowed the man plenty of time to say no.
,” Dean said, shooting him a coy smile. Castiel met his eyes in the mirror. They twinkled with mischief.
“I’m 20 years old,” Jo said tersely, “I’m old enough to make my own decisions and hell, mess up if I want to. This is the whole reason I left in the first place,” she told her mom. She turned and glared at Dean. “I don’t need anyone telling me how to live my life. Least of all,
realizing is something more—is lost on the both of them. In fact, if it hadn’t been for the necklace’s power, Castiel is sure he would have never known how Dean really feels about him.
“I think you have ‘helped’ enough,” Castiel bites back.
“You’ve changed,” John said, a peculiar edge to his voice.
The last thing Dean saw on screen was the disapproving frown on Sam’s face from his noncommittal answer, and the smiling thumbs up from Jess as she shoved into the frame at the last second. Then the call dropped and Dean was left alone in the bathroom, staring at his reflection in the mirror. His own freckles, aligned in grim determination, peered back at him.
“I should go,” he said abruptly, tossing out the rest of the bun.
At Castiel’s nod, Dean lowered himself carefully onto him, pushing his head up into the space between his legs. This time Castiel lay frozen, holding his breath as he waited for Dean to be ready. Dean groaned at the stretching feeling, sinking inch by burning inch until Castiel was balls deep in him.
“Dee! You’re just in time. Get over here,” Jody called.
What a crazy fucking life.
“Yes, you spoke the truth.” He let out a sigh and closed his eyes. “I don’t remember drinking that much last night.”
“Dean!”
“No,” Jack replies, “Though I am told he wasn’t a very nice person. I hope to be better than that. This isn’t Oz, either. You’re on Earth.
Dean glanced over at him and held up a beer.
Sam slaps him on the shoulder.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean mumbled, not really believing him, “Thanks.” He got in the cab and gave his dad a small smile as the older man waved him away, but his heart wasn’t in the gesture.
“There wasn’t anything I missed was there?” Dean asked him, “I told Kevin to send over anything that needed my attention.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Dean said. He fell silent and tossed some more bread to the ducks, watching them squabble for the pieces. “What about your folks? What are they like?”
“Who the hell is Claire?”
“What about the mess?” Castiel asked. He nodded to the warming bag and the empty wine bottles littering the table. He turned back to Dean. “And the boat?”
of them.
“Uh, thanks,” Dean said, a little belatedly. “I will.”
John waved at his son in greeting and then held up a finger telling Dean to hold on. There was a Bluetooth earpiece attached to his right ear. He seemed to be finishing up a call.
on the 17
Dean laughed. “Alright, Ducky, we’ll
A goofy smile spread across Dean’s face.
“Dean, please…” Castiel croaked, his own voice breaking. “That isn’t true. You are not—I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to think that I wanted to end things between us.”
Except that it was noticeably clear that he was.
“It has been years,” he confessed, blushing slightly as he pulled away and Deanna caught him with a soft peck to the cheek. Cas raised his hand to his face, surprised by the affectionate gesture.
“What about the game!?” John yelled after her.
Dean gradually slowed his hips, then winced as he pulled off the man’s lap and sat back on the bed between his outstretched legs. Castiel was breathing hard—they both were—chests rising up and crashing down. They grinned stupidly at each other, basking in the lingering effects of passion buzzing under their skin.
“Couldn’t,” Dean repeated, “I can’t explain it, Cas. You’re just gonna have to trust me on this one. The meeting today…it was a long shot, but it would’a… would’a made us.” Dean shrugged half-heartedly. “I got my hopes up about it, that’s all. Even though I knew there wasn’t much hope to begin with.”
Dean moaned. He wasn’t going to last. Too many new sensations, too much sensory overload—the soft satin of the dress fluttering against his belly, the band of lace taught around his neck and thigh, the warmth of Castiel’s lips around him—sucking him down—and lastly the smooth rod of the feather duster moving within him, it’s tip angled toward his prostate on each swipe in and out.
“Like that, did you?” he asked.
to be helped. Cas…I think he would save the whole world if he could, but the problem is that the world doesn’t
.” Then he gestured at Cas with the blindfold in his hand. “Come on, Sam was right—I’m dyin’ to show this to you.”
The clerk responded with a shrug and tapped a quick staccato on her keyboard. “Sorry,” she said after a minute of searching, and at least this time she sounded a
on a whim to visit their friends’ parents.
Dean stared at his old man blankly, lost for words. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Naw,” he said, gaze darting off to the side. “I just…I dunno. It’s hard to explain.” He felt a blush creep into his cheeks, making them tingle like static on a radio. Then he took a big breath and gave his father half a shrug, rubbing a hand over the polished wooden surface of his desk. “Guess I’m just finally figuring out who I am, you know?”
“Yeah, you did,” he said. “So? Where are you taking him?”
“What the—? Where the hell did you get that!?” Dean blurts out, confused and uneasy. It’s pretty much the reaction that Castiel expected. Dean holds out his hand as Castiel drops it and catches the pendant in his palm.
His eyes trailed after Dean and Cas as they broke away from the group for what looked like a private conversation. They seemed to be having a bit of a moment. It seemed whatever chance Brian had with Dean had passed.
In the end, Dean decided it was both.
(See the end of the chapter for
He pressed it and pulled Castiel into his arms. The elevator lurched to a stop and Dean’s bags dropped to the small cubical of tile under them. Castiel gasped in his arms, eyes seeking Dean’s. Dean said nothing, just leaned in to kiss him.
“Night, Cas,” Dean replied affectionately.
“Yes, Sir,” Dean said, the much-used phrase slipping easily from his lips. He hurried after the nurse, leaving his father in the waiting room.
Jack held up his hand in a little wave and smiled nervously.
“I’m sure you can wait one more day, Huggy Bear,” Castiel told him cheekily. He pressed up against Dean, not caring that his PJs were getting wet, and kissed him again. “Now, stop wasting the water and hurry up,” he said, “My appointment is in an hour.”
“Oh f-fuck,
Dean let out a bark of laughter.
“Come on, dad, at least stay for a drink,” Dean pressed.
is hard to explain. What just happened seems pretty darn simple to little old me. So? Spill.”
“We should go,” he said quietly.
“Sammy? He’s at the motel working the case,” Dean said. “Technically, so am I.”
understand. He turns in a slow circle with the meter out in front of him. He’s not sure why he’s taking a reading, but the empty street and the craziness of the past couple days tells him that it’s a good idea. Sure enough, he gets a weak blip to the East. He starts toward it.
Castiel’s eyes shot to Dean, his brow furrowing in alarm.
It was the same book John had given him after the accident. He held it in his casted right hand and thumbed through it absentmindedly as Dean waited patiently for him to respond.
“You know, you might try showing a little respect,” Michael said, glaring at Brian, “Five people did
“It is not a grandma phone,” Castiel grumbled.
He was already feeling a little off balance after the long day and the dawning realization that Cas was baking cookies with the
John grunted and dropped his bag in the middle of the foyer. It was far too late for the hotel’s services to be around to help with his suitcase, and Dean couldn’t help but be grateful that it had been Cas’s day off besides. Talk about an awkward elevator ride. John shuffled through into the living room and sat down heavily on the sofa, Dean following a few steps behind him. The older man rubbed at his eyes, sighing as the weariness settled deeper into his bones.
Here Castiel pinned Dean with a fiery look—“
It was the IT guys Ed and Harry (Dean really didn’t know why he agreed to invite them, but for the fact that they’d overheard him talking to Charlie and…well, he was a moron, that was why.) They were currently chasing some kid in a black and silver jumpsuit and a silver wig through the crowd. They had their fake weapons drawn and were pointing them at the kid, who yelped when Ed caught up to him and grabbed him by the arm.
Then suddenly Castiel is jerking up into his mouth with a moan loud enough to pierce the veil. The lights blow out and they’re plunged into darkness. Dean feels something hot and thick rush down his throat and he nearly chokes on it. He pulls off and cum drips out of his mouth, pooling in the curly nest of hair above Castiel’s pulsating cock.
,” Dean chuckled.
Ben bent down and drew Cas into a tight hug.
When he pulled back Cas was much more awake and his breathing was a lot heavier. He rolled toward Dean and grabbed him by the back of the neck, pressing a powerful kiss to his lips—hungry and desperate. His mouth was warm with sleep yet sharp with the taste of his arousal.
“Well? What the hell are we waiting for?” she said, crossing her arms.
“Hang on,” Dean said, motioning with his hand. Castiel stopped and tilted his head, looking at Dean questioningly. Dean said nothing, just stepped up to him and took his tie in hand, fixing it so that it was centered correctly.
“Marlene said—”
Dean’s gaze went immediately back to his little brother, who was looking down at the table as Emmett said something earnest. His eyes narrowed.
honest with himself…he rather liked the nickname Cas picked out for him.
to spend the rest of his life with the guy.
Michael hung up the phone and turned to Cas. “Well, that was
“Heya, Cas.”
Dean tossed the toy on the pile with the others.
Back in the room, John was asleep in the master bedroom. Dean could hear his loud snores echoing through the thick double doors. He kicked off his shoes at the door and padded barefoot to his own room, turning out the lights as he went.
have been a finale but isn't. What I mean to say here people is that this is not the end, merely the like... halfway point. (Also I blew past 150K words this week at 375 pages woo~!)
Castiel smiled at him. He seemed moved by Dean’s attentiveness.
“I planned on giving this to you at Christmas,” he said, seeming a little embarrassed. “But then things…changed. It is not a gift per say, but I thought it would be more meaningful if I were to present it as such.”
feel stuff like that, or if you did, then it wasn’t gonna be for me.”
Dean felt a harsh moan escape his lips in a rush of air.
“What the hell is going on?” he asked.
Cas appeared by him in an instant.
“Send her up,” Dean told him, pressing the ‘talk’ button, “We got a couple more coming.” He listed them off and then hung up.
Castiel’s eyes opened. Dean immediately felt the blood rush to his face. He felt naked—though that was inaccurate, because standing stark nude in a room full of strangers would be infinitely easier than…
Castiel did, and then a small gasp escaped his open lips. Above them the Milky Way stretched in a brilliant arch across the sky, so bright it nearly hurt to look at.
Dean let out a shaky laugh, but it was more of a sob than anything resembling humor.
Castiel grunted again and shifted against him. Dean tried to pass him the mug again, but he shook his head and pushed it away. Dean took that to mean he was done with it and reached over to set it on the nightstand. He’d eaten almost the entire thing, which was more than Dean had been expecting. He settled back against Cas and looped his arms around his waist, careful of his injuries.
“So, you covered the morning. How was the rest of your day?” he asked, “How’s Claire?”
“What is?” he pressed.
imagined himself as a hot cheerleader. He can feel it though—there’s something out in the open now that he never meant to see the light of day.
“Don’t worry,” she said, “Your secret is safe with me.”
on the hotel’s game system while he tried without much success to quell the antsy feeling rising in his gut. He’d invited Cas up to his room, yes, but honestly he hadn’t thought any further than that. He had no idea what he was planning on doing when the bellboy finally showed up, considering Cas had made it clear that sex was off the table, at least for now.
“No, Dean. This is bullshit.” Jo turned and glared at her mother. “You scared off practically every guy I went out with and now you want
Dean smiled and hummed with their mouths still pressed together.
But that didn’t mean he was going to make it easy for Kinney. Dean had his reputation to uphold after all.
With half his wardrobe now returned to him, Dean threw on a pair of washed-out jeans and a dark tee shirt and headed out to one of the many high-end clubs the Big Apple was known for—the kind where a man could do anything, get anything, and more importantly
“I imagine Sam told Dean about his conversation with Jess’s father,” Castiel revealed. He looked over at the two of them. “He is planning on proposing tonight, and if all goes well, she’ll say yes. Dean has been a nervous wreck all week.”
Dean followed her instructions, pumping on Castiel’s chest when she directed and repeating the process when there was no response.
“I want you, Cas,” Dean whispers in his ear, hot and heavy. “You okay taking this to home base, sweetheart?”
“Perhaps Joshua did something to this pendant that is different from the original,” he offers as an explanation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing, just…remembering the last time we were here. That was fun, huh?” Charlie said. They stopped in front of the bar—leave it to Dean to have a fully stocked bar in his living room—and Charlie leaned against it, noting the way Jo mimicked her movements. The relaxed line of her body draped over the lacquered wood was something she was clearly used to and something Charlie thought suited her
Castiel’s grip on his hand grew tighter.
Castiel sits on the edge of Dean’s bed and spills cobalt-blue eyes over the four walls of the hunter’s room, flowing over every personal belonging that Dean has used to decorate them. He wishes he could just ask Dean about the things he’s been noticing with the necklace, but he’s afraid it will put yet another wedge in their friendship. There have been so many recently that he doesn’t want to risk another, terrified that it would be the one to ‘break the camel’s back’, so to speak. So instead he is here, sitting in the dark of Dean’s room, hiding out and aching for something he can never have while he works up the courage to tell Dean of his decision to leave. Even he knows this isn’t normal human behavior, but he can’t bring himself to care.
Dean made sure the smile on his face stayed smooth as he answered.
“Yeah, well, you’re the one who decided you didn’t want this,” Dean says bitterly, “I mean, it’s not like it’s breaking news that I’m a notorious fuck-up in the relationship department, so it’s fine. I get it.” Dean drags in a breath, and it’s clear he’s doing his best to hold back tears. “I can’t really fault you for it, can I? After all, I
.” Dean paused, waiting until blue eyes flickered up to meet his. “I wouldn’t lie about this. I only lied to my dad because—because I’m a fucking coward, that’s why. I wish to God I hadn’t.”
“Oh, you do, do ya?” he teased. He squirted a generous amount of lube into his palm, and slowly—
“I thought they kicked that guy out,” he said.
months. Before that—before I broke my wrist—I worked at The Plaza as Jack is now, as a bellboy. I also worked part-time at the opera house as an usher in the evenings. I lived in a tiny apartment and I saved as much as I could so that I could pay my own way through college because I wished for something better. And then I met Dean, and—and my entire life changed.”
“So do you, Cas,” Dean whispered. He leaned in a little to capture Cas’s lips in a soft, chaste kiss.
“Uh…w-why would I want to do that?” Claire replied snidely. She frowned and dropped Jack’s hand, sliding her eyes over to Castiel. “You
“Just past eight,” Dean replied, moving back around the counter to tend to his eggs. “What time do we need to roll out of here?”
“I like them,” Castiel said simply. He smiled, peaceful and closed his eyes briefly. “I like thinking about how you were back when you first read this book. I like discovering how you think and learning this private aspect of who you are. It is almost like reading your diary.”
Could they make it work on Castiel’s blind faith alone? Dean wasn’t so sure. Reality was typically a cold-hearted bitch.
Jacob shrugs. “I’m a smart cookie. This device is transmitting an incredibly high frequency, high decibel pulse wave. Extremely nasty thing. I imagine it feels a lot like someone is scratching at a million chalk boards inside of your head.”
“Yep,” Dean said. “Almost as good as pie.” He stole the donut out of Castiel’s hand and stuffed the rest of it into his mouth.
Castiel nods, muted by words he wants to say but is too afraid to. He steps away from Dean instead and turns toward his room.
“But maybe we’re something more too.”
“You don’t even
Dean barely let the man get a smile out before cutting between the two and shielding Cas as if his whole body were the Great Wall of China.
And Dean.
, I think it might be a record.” Dean grinned at Cas, his green eyes twinkling in good-humor.
The man, round-faced and dressed in an ill-fitted business suit was chatting up the same clerk who had helped Dean yesterday at check-in. Only
He tugged Cas closer to him and planted one on his lips. He opened his mouth, breathing in and then slid his tongue between Castiel’s lips.
“This will not end well,” Castiel muttered, leaning away from Dean’s sleeping face when Charlie gave the signal and Jo hit the buzzer.
“Well, have at it, tiger,” he said. “’S no fun if I do it myself.”
“I don’t want to rely on you too much,” he murmured. He felt the burn of admitting it prickling at his cheeks.
“I happen to find nerds super sexy,” Jess said, leaning in to Dean.
“Felt like days...” Dean replied. He glanced off to the side, where the body of the creature who had captured him lay lifeless, a bloodied silver knife sticking out of its chest. “Shit, I don’t even remember it getting the jump on me,” he said.
know of,” Michael said, shaking his head.
Dean is jumping on him and hugging him and thumping his back then, shouting “We won! Take that
Dean reached across the table and grabbed his hand.
“Okay,” he said, “You got me.”
The atmosphere in this half of the house was decidedly different from the testosterone-rich football and beer fest happening across the hall. Castiel felt the line of tension in his shoulders relax as soon as he stepped foot into the warm, sugar-and-spice-smelling kitchen. Natural light flooded the old colonial farmhouse-style room, landing on the white wooden cabinets and dust-covered decorative crockery placed over the top of them. Strawberries and sunflowers and chicken designs dotted the small space. There was a cow magnet on the fridge. Half a dozen mason jars with canned cranberry sauce lined one counter, turned upside down to seal. There were a couple of pies cooling on the window sill with tea towels draped over them.
The next time it happens is when Castiel walks in on the hunter cooking breakfast the following morning. He comes up behind Dean and looks over his shoulder to where the bacon is sizzling happily, oil popping and bubbling up in the cast iron pan.
“Back pocket,” Dean gasped.
“You don’t say, what kind?” Debbie asked.
He loses track of how many times he says
“Detective. He’s a detective,” Dean cut in. He shot Cas a look and received a confused squint in return.
Dean rolls his eyes and looks to Cas.
Cas stood quietly at his side with the bags dangling from both hands, listening to their idle chit-chat.
Dean cursed and rose to his feet.
“Jack. Good morning. Everything is fine. And yes, there is breakfast. What would you like? Eggs? Pancakes? Waffles?” Castiel slipped the note into his pocket along with the card so that Jack wouldn’t see it as he continued. “Dean has been teaching me how to cook omelets, however they still are not quite ‘up to par’ so I would not recommend that option. Oh. And there’s coffee if you want it. Do you drink coffee?” Castiel asked, squinting at Jack.
Dean grinned at him over his shoulder.
Before Justin could ask what he meant, Cas placed his fingertips to Justin’s brow and closed his eyes.
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” Brian said when he stopped before them. “I am buying us another round of drinks, and then you are going to tell me what the fuck is going on.”
“He doesn’t have much.” The words that came out ended up sounding a lot more defensive than Dean had intended. He shrugged and tried again. “Anyway, I’m the one who broke his apartment. Least I can do is give the guy a roof over his head for a few days.”
A red and yellow-striped beach umbrella was set up over a lounge chair by the edge of the water. There was a cooler next to it and a couple of beach towels. No bathing suit in sight, though Dean was eager to try swimming without one. Something about flashing his junk around at a bunch of angels who may or may not be checking in on
He placed an open-mouthed kiss at Cas’s ear and whispered huskily into it.
“I couldn’t give two shits where you live, Cas,” Dean told him.
Dean pulled on a dry change of clothes while Cas dried his hair with a towel from the warming rack in Dean’s master bathroom, and then the two of them headed out again.
“No, I mean—it’s always been a size too small for me,” Dean said, eyes lowered between them. “Really, you keep it.” He scuffed his shoe against the concrete under them, then added, “I want you to have it. It…looked cute on you.”
“Claire, I am not—no! I am not here for your own personal enjoyment. I am here to
“Tell me what?” Justin demanded.
Dean watched as Castiel tilted his head up and to the side, and wondered what the hell the angel was doing.
“How do you like it so far?” Dean asked.
“Cas? Say something, man,” Dean croaked. He searched those blue eyes feeling strangely vulnerable.
“Duly noted, Goldilocks. So, which way?”
doing?” Dean asked her.
He’s damn glad Sam doesn’t push it—he just goes right on talking about witches and the raising of Samhain—and Dean’s grateful for that. He wants to pretend like it never happened, like he
“Good.” John grinned widely at him and then gripped Dean by the back of the neck in a fatherly way. “So! Dean. Where’s this girl you’ve been seeing? I can’t wait to meet her.”
“I said I don’t want your help!” Claire snapped at him. She shoved to her feet. “Anyway, I should go,” she mumbled bitterly, staring at the table, “They lock the doors after curfew.”
Dean laughed a little at that.
Dean shifted on his feet, looking down at the bag in his hands again. He licked his lips.
and looked down to see his cum spilling out from under the white lace of the French Maid’s outfit and all over Castiel’s hand and stomach. He pulled his fingers out of the man’s ass and grabbed the back of his head, forcing their mouths together.
“Sure thing.”
“That’s a hell of a way to travel,” Dean said with a laugh.
. You think I want to go home just to go
is going on!?” his dad yelled. “I just got off the phone with Bobby. He said you’ve
Dean just grinned wider and turned on the hot water.
Castiel was silent as they walked side by side down the street. They were headed back to Cas’s apartment, presumably for a change of clothes.
“Not at all. You’ll barely feel it,” Tessa said, sounding amused, “But maybe Dean here will hold your hand anyway.”
They passed the doorman on the way in. Dean nodded to him in greeting. The grumpy British man looked up and grunted as they walked by. Then his eyes flickered to their joined hands and he let out a small bark of laughter.
For the first time since he awoke, Dean smiles at him—something broken and faltering—and Castiel feels both happy and heartbroken and stunningly lonely all at once.
“Cas, don’t you fucking dare!” Dean blurted, aloud this time.
Dean does so, and when he gets out of the car, Sam practically shoves Dean into the back seat.
“No. Excited…perhaps. But not nervous.”
Castiel took a calculated sip and his face lit up.
or whatever it is, then so be it.” The tone in John’s voice changed to one that was hard and angry. He jabbed a finger in Dean’s direction. “But I don’t want it interfering with your work.”
He grabbed the files and his coat and turned off the lights to his office.
“Huh? What?” Dean said.
The next morning, Castiel was grateful for his new coat on his way in to the group home. The wind was gusting frigidly cold air that turned the subway into an icebox. Even with the extra layers he was half-frozen by the time he arrived.
hard not to think about pinning the sexy bellboy to the mattress and stripping off his ridiculous red coat. He only half succeeded, but hey, it wasn’t like
Castiel chuckled low and tugged at the waistband to his pants.
Dean laughs again.
“So what’s the deal? Strapping young gentleman like yourself, I should think you’d have someone in your life,” Emmett said, backing off by a fraction.
the whole reason you stayed over,” Dean said.
“Looking for something,” Dean replied. He grabbed a box off the top shelf of the utility rack by the far wall, opened it, and then dragged the next one down on top of it. “Here we go,” he said triumphantly.
“I’d love to continue this, Ducky, but we’re going to be late,” he said. His grin stretched wider. “Rain check?”
“I am not the one controlling the storm,” Cas reminded him.
Samuel scoffed into his beer.
“I am beginning to regret that I did,” he said.
“Heh, what kind of
“We should wash up,” Dean said, climbing off of him and sitting back on his heels.
“Dean, we have known one another for less than a week,” Castiel pointed out, “It is too soon for grand gestures.”
“What time is it?” he mumbled, peering outside. The sun was barely visible in the sky.
Castiel looked to the heavens with a long-suffering sigh.
A couple hours later, Dean found himself seated at the hotel restaurant across the table from the realtor, Pamela, giving her his pitch for the New York branch of
Guess you all know what to expect next chapter, eh? :3
“S-ss-so Sammy called earlier,” Dean said, abruptly changing the subject. “He wants to do dinner later. Think you’re up for it?”
“What do you want, Dean?” he asked directly.
Tessa smirked at him.
“You punched him?” Castiel gaped at him, blue eyes widening in surprise.
“Right this way, sir,” the bellboy—
Dean took a deep breath and looked up at him.
doesn’t actually exist—that she is a figment of my imagination, just like unicorns and the loch ness monster—”
Castiel was nervous around Deanna as they said their goodbyes, Dean with his arms wrapped around Deanna’s short, thin frame. Dean pressed a kiss to her cheek with a bright smile as he bid her farewell. Castiel hung back, silent and unsure how to leave things between them. Dean turned to him with a worried look on his face, and when Deanna noticed Castiel’s hesitancy she stepped forward and gestured with open arms.
“Cas, you sayin’ you don’t remember who I am?” the blond man asks shakily.
Em gave him a little pout but turned it into a grin half a second later. He grabbed Sam’s hand.
Cas breathed against his skin.
When they reached the car, Brian froze.
“Che'ron 'oH parmaq'e' 'ej DaHjaj SuvwI' jIH!” = “Love is a battlefield, and today, I am a warrior!”
ear, see how she likes it,” Dean said.
“Oh.” Castiel paused, thinking about it as he grabbed a glass of water from the filter in the fridge. “Ah…t-there is one thing I would like to try…” He trailed off and looked down into his water glass. “That I…have not done yet.”
“You’re doing an awful lot for this
“Living room?” Dean suggested, hugging him from behind. He was eager to just put it
They were stretched out on the hood of the car—a blanket thrown down under them so as not to scratch Dean’s baby—Cas’s hand entwined in his and their bodies pressed close. Above them—in some nameless field in the middle of nowhere—the stars dazzled overhead and the Milky Way streaked across the sky.
“I am worried I will…disappoint you,” Castiel said quietly. His eyes were lowered, and there was a faint frown on his face.
“Maybe you can wash it in the river when you go looking for that bottle later,” Dean said. He grinned at the look Cas shot him then, which was halfway between annoyed, guilty, and confused.
“And Christmas stockings?” Castiel pressed.
The conversation fell away, and this time Dean
Castiel stops chewing and swallows. The sandwich seems hell-bent on lodging itself in his throat, and he’s forced to take a few long gulps of milk before he is able to speak.
. It wasn’t a word one used to describe a
“Dad! Uh, hey,” Dean said. He gave his dad a weak smile, nerves jittering under his skin. He could feel his fingers tingling where he’d dropped Castiel’s sleeve in a hurry.
Of course it didn’t hurt and the cast popped right off, and the whole thing took less than a minute. Castiel watched, fascinated, as the doctor plied the thing off of him with large pair of medical pliers and then opened the cast like a hinge on one side.
“Oh. Uh…over there,” Dean said, pointing, “Rhonda Hurley’s house. She and I uh…heh, I’ll tell you about it later.” Dean grinned shamelessly at Castiel. He leaned in and whispered into his ear.
“We’re more like…tech
in any way he could get. It scared him, and he took a couple steps back to get it under control.
There was suddenly moisture on his cheek, sticky against the side of Cas’s face. Castiel turned his head abruptly, shifting so that he was sitting sideways on the bed, facing Dean. His forehead pulled together when he realized that Dean was, in fact,
“Well, you did a good job picking a matching pair that no one will notice,” Sam said. He pulled out his phone. “Okay, get in together. Picture time.”
“Because I
“Who was that?” John asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Yeah, sure.”
“Z,” Castiel amended.
He turned back to Castiel and grinned.
“I have not been made aware of these
Cas sent out an affirmative reply and laid back on the bed with a contented sigh. Now he just had to figure out what to get John and the rest of his friends.
“True,” Dean said.
“I was also…angry,” Castiel admitted, “Though not at you. Not really. I was angry with myself for…liking you despite knowing your track record with other women and…wanting you anyway.”
“No way! I knew it!” Alex exclaimed, leaning closer to him with widening eyes. “Show me something,” she demanded excitedly.
“I would like to take a photograph,” he said, looking back up at Dean.
“It has always watched over me,” Castiel said, leaning back against him. “Can we put it in…our room?”
Castiel beamed back at him with bright baby blues.
When the concert was over and Castiel found them in the crowd, Dean pulled him into a kiss by the front of his silly red robe-thing in front of everyone too—and an entire church besides—and he
“See ya, Sammy.”
“Now Ca—
There was a flash of anger in Brian’s eyes. Dean saw it coming, that reaction of raw fury that God existed and yet hadn’t done a damn thing to deserve the title.
“You’re just feeling that way ‘cuz of how new everything is,” Dean told him, “You’re worryin’ for nothing, Cas.”
John raised an eyebrow in question. His eyes slid to Castiel, and he seemed to be asking himself why Dean had requested help with something so insignificant. It was completely unlike him, and Dean knew it. He swallowed hard and hoped his dad wouldn’t care enough to suspect anything was out of the ordinary.
“Yes, Mr. Winchester. It seems you are in our Ellington Park Suite. The room is ready for you.”
“I dunno, Sammy,” Dean said after a long silence. He frowned into the phone. “Yeah, it sucks. He’s like one big walking cocktease, and every time I make a move he pulls the breaks…”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas said, “I understood your misgivings.”
“Yes, I know that,” Cas was saying. It sounded rather like he was attempting to convince himself of that fact, however. “I realize the chances of it happening again are slim. I know you are a different person.”
“So,” Dean said, leaning against his desk, “What makes you think you’ve got what it takes to be my PA?”
There you have it folks--chapter 1!! Really hope you all enjoyed it.
is hard to explain.
The sound of her typing continued for another minute and then Charlie said, “Oh look, Mrs. Melnitz is flying back to her single condo where she is…retired and volunteers at a cat shelter, and… judging from her Facebook account, she was in the city visiting her granddaughter’s family. Perfect. Just let me…”
like it’s a normal Tuesday afternoon!?”
than me,” he grumbles, and it’s absurd to bring up something so petty, but no matter how Dean feels about him, that one still stings.
Dean let out a contented groan and felt the grin on his face crawl up into his ears.
,” Dean told him.
Starting with more of Dean.
“The mysterious
“Yeah,” Dean said hoarsely. He cleared his throat. “I can relate.”
sounded smug. “That wasn’t you butt-dialing,” he said, “That was you wimping out.”
“That would be impressive,” he said. He looped his arms around Dean and rested his chin on his shoulder, watching as he scooped up a ladle of batter and spooned it with laser-like focus into the pan.
“How are you doing that?” Dean asked when he pulled back, inhaling deeply the sharp scents of pine needles and oncoming rain.
“It’s, uh, exactly as it looks,” Dean said.
The cabin rose into view at the crest of a small hill, surrounded by a grove of towering white pine which loomed over it. A small pond rested in the lee of the rolling slope, its waters gentle and clear as glass with how cold it had been. A few lingering vestiges of ice clung to the shoreline, refusing to dissolve until spring. Though it had been mild weather in the city, here winter decided to announce itself loudly with frequent snaps of wind splitting through the trees. It still hadn’t snowed, thankfully, which is how they were able to come here so late in the season. No way was Dean taking Baby out on the salted roads.
“Yes. I discovered it in high school,” he replied. “There was a drama club. I…had always sung for our local congregation but I had never been exposed to the performing arts before. I instantly liked it.”
what to do.”
It was late when they arrived back at the motel. Sam was sleeping, and Dean tip-toed by his bed, pulling Cas along behind him.
Dean was on his feet cheering his lungs out when he finished, arms in the air, whistling with two fingers—the
There was a long, uncomfortable silence following that comment. No one seemed to want to take a poke at the glowering teen. Cas was the first to attempt it.
Castiel grinned up at him.
Sam laughed nervously at the emphasis Em put on that last one. “Uh, just a beer for me,” he said.
“Right. Shit, that’s right.” Dean pressed a hand to his head. “Wow, so much has happened, I guess I forgot I was mad at you that night.”
He’s not sure exactly
phone!” Michael complained with a loud huff. He slammed his cell phone down on the table and grabbed Sam’s second beer. Sam was about to protest, but seeing as Michael had already tipped it up to his lips, he thought better of it.
Dean closed his eyes and listened for a few bars, his hands stilling in the sink. Then he started when a pair of arms slid around his waist.
Debbie’s exclamation was heard throughout the entire diner. The loud-mouthed redhead stormed over to their table with tears in her eyes.
he could be.
Sam stepped forward with a knife.
Castiel hummed in response, looking up at him.
. Nope, no words,” he said, shaking his head furiously. He looked back up at Cas and smiled weakly. “None at all. I’m…I’m fuckin’ done here, man. You…you rock my world, Cas, you know that?”
Missouri rose slowly from her seat and hauled a large handbag down from the overhead compartment nearest to them. She turned back to Dean with a business card between her fingers.
“I assure you I did my best,” Castiel replied with a mischievous smirk. He glanced up to the reindeer antlers on top of Dean’s head.
“Cas, he uh, told me about his brothers,” Dean said, “Never seen a picture of them, though.”
Dean grinned as he watched Cas down his shot with a grimace and then look at the empty glass as though it had offended him.
Castiel groaned again and ripped his hands away from his face.
come, not anymore. Not unless Dean decided he was ready to take things into the real world.
was the comforting weight of his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean relaxed by an inch, but the tension returned almost immediately when Cas said, “Is this to do with Jack? I thought… You said you were okay with him staying here.”
Dean grinned, wondering what Cas would do in front of his whole family.
“Take care of yourself, Cas,” John said in farewell, holding up his hand.
“Two hundred bucks says he comes back drunk,” Alex said from the other side of the room.
good,” while pointing her finger at him.
As they settled around the couch after Dean had set down the platters of food—wings, cheese and crackers, tiny quiches—and Cas the pitcher of eggnog, Dean straightened and clapped his hands.
“No ma’am, but I
“Couple of times. He deserved it, but he still hasn’t forgiven me. Keeps his hands to himself when it comes to my ass these days though, which is pretty much all a man can hope for.”
“I heard you, Dean. When you were under the djinn’s spell. I could hear your spirit calling out to me just as it does when I come to you in your dreams.” Cas smiled at him then—rare, and soft, and beautiful. “Dean, what do you think it says?” Castiel asked him.
Well now, that was just plain old boring, and perhaps Dean could do something about that.
His father was silent for a long time, his jaw clenching as Dean’s words soaked in. Then he took a measured breath in and out, finally gaining control over his temper. Dean felt like he had won an inch of ground between them and relaxed just a little.
“You care to elaborate?” she asked, raising an eyebrow.
, maybe lead with that next time!” Dean snapped at him, heaving a relieved sigh.
” Dean said emphatically, squeezing him tighter. Not too tight. He was still acutely aware of the man’s injuries. A fat tear slid down the length of his nose. He reached up to swipe it away and ended up smearing it across his upper lip instead. “I was thinking the same thing when you were on the ground—” His breath hitched as new tears spilled free. “—not
“Wait—hang on.
“How are you feeling?” Dean asked. His eyes flitted to the bandage on Cas’s head. He raised his hand as if to touch it but froze halfway.
“You really want this?” Dean asked, imploring, “We’re not rushing things here? Cuz I mean, it’s only been two days since you pulled the E-brake, man.”
“What can you play?” Castiel asked her.
Both fell asleep that night with
“Yeah, good. I think I’ve got an idea about how to play this tomorrow,” he said. His eyes flickered up to his father, waiting to see what he’d say.
,” she said sharply. “Make good sex.”
John tripped over the pronoun, but honestly the fact he hadn’t made good on his threat to throw Dean out on the streets? He would take it.
“Maybe I don’t want it to be over,” Dean told him. He clenched his jaw. Stubborn Cas was really starting to piss him off.
Heated fever bloomed on his skin. More—he wanted more. Dean pulled back, reaching for the nightstand. The items they required were there waiting for him. He crawled back to Cas and hovered over him, dropping the bottle of lube to the bed. He held the condom up between them.
—what you just said…true?” Dean asked, dipping his head in embarrassment.
“Is that so?” Helen said, “How is he?” The anxious edge was back in her voice, clearly giving away the fact that she worried constantly about her son.
“Cas,” Dean said softly, looking down at him and stroking the side of his face, “Will you stay the night with me?”
Emmett let him out of the booth, and Ted took the open seat.
“Son, you’re overreacting. I’m sure your friend is fine,” John told him.
“Marcin, how are you?” Castiel greeted, “How is Kalina?”
John cleared his throat, glanced at Ellen, and then looked down at his place of food as if trying to determine if he had the ability to turn it and then himself invisible through willpower alone.
“All good,” Sam replied. He was silent for a tick. “Dad mentioned you’re moving to New York?”
,” and leaned in closer.
They made their way across the large ballroom, guided by the looming pillar of plaid and shaggy brown hair in the middle of it.
Dean let his head fall to the side. He gave Cas a lopsided, dirty grin.
“Wait, some of them
work out. Am I wrong?” She peered at Dean evenly and lifted one eyebrow in question.
Castiel hummed, running his fingers over the silky white fabric.
“Yeah, Jess mentioned it might be something like that,” he said, “You know Dean doesn’t think about that kind of stuff, right? All this is just…normal to us. You know?”
” Dean exclaimed, squeezing his shoulder, “That’s
The Incubus had Dean by the throat, and was leaning closer.
“Time is precious,” Castiel said. The comment was abrupt and out of place but relevant. “Humans waste so much of it,” he added with a twinge of regret.
The shop keep looked up suddenly.
Castiel’s smile morphed into something closer to a smirk.
“Cas.
Dean loses it.
“She’s good,” he noted.
If it was, maybe he’d have to learn how to tame it eventually, before it burned him up from the inside. For now he merely pulled Castiel in again, pressed his length solidly against the man he loved and pushed lips and tongue in for more.
“I don’t want your help,” Claire interrupted him.
Dean bit down on the inside of his cheek.
“There you go,” he said, putting the plate in front of Cas, “Breakfast of champions.”
“Are you going to answer my question?” he asked.
“You’re—”
“Ask them about that other thing while you’re at it,” Brian said, grinning at him.
“Hang in there, Ducky, I’m just turning on the shower,” Dean assured him in a honey-whiskey gravel. He dropped a light kiss to the puckering frown on Cas’s face before completing his task. Or rather, that had been the plan, until Castiel surged forward as their lips touched, capturing Dean’s mouth fully and hungrily. From the force behind the kiss, an unknowing stranger might call him starving. Dean certainly wasn’t one to say no to such a display of raw desire. Turning on the shower was swiftly forgotten as his fingers lost themselves in the soft tresses of Castiel’s hair, pulling his lover in closer.
Dean’s breath caught in his chest.
almost feel like a double date. Dean hands him a neon green bowling ball and holds up his own bright swirling blue choice for Castiel to see. The hunter smiles at him when he does this, and Castiel smiles back.
“It was uneventful,” Castiel replied, “What about yours?”
“We could stop,” Castiel said flatly.
Castiel refilled his eggnog twice before he learned he could feign taking a small sip fairly well since everyone else was far too busy drinking themselves to notice.
Castiel merely blinked at Dean in shock, speechless in the moment.
“I ahh…thought of a funny joke,” Cas says to cover it up. He thinks quickly, sifting through his own database of jokes for something suitable.
“Something wrong?” Castiel asked. His low, gravelly voice sent shivers of pleasure up Dean’s spine.
“Th-thank you!”
“Hm. Guess it works better with snow,” Dean said, pulling a face.
Cas laughed at her quick wit, and Dean just frowned into his beer.
“You could always get a GED,” Dean said, “That’s what I did.” He shoveled in a bite and then at the look Castiel was giving him, said around it, “What? It counts.”
Helen stepped out of the kitchen and into the hallway with a dish towel in her hands. The blonde bob of her hair bounced lightly as she turned her head sharply to her husband, a look of alarm on her round face.
“I’ll take her,” he said gently, giving Cas’s shoulder a pat.
noise into her mouth, feeling all the pent-up frustration of the night rising quickly to the surface. She opened her mouth wider and angled her head to get better purchase, her heart thrumming as Jo gasped and moved with her. Charlie slipped a hand around her and trailed her fingers down the back of her dress, pulling Jo into the soft curve of her body.
“You never let me make waffles,” Dean pouted at him.
“…very well,” Cas replied. The tension in his shoulders eased a little at the genuine smile that Dean was giving him. “In that case…I get off at nine.”
“I’ll hold you to that,” John said.
time to kill…
Castiel pulls back from the kiss forcefully. His lips are blushed pink and wet, his blue eyes wide and fierce as he peers at Dean. There’s a line of bewilderment in them as well, as though Castiel is trying to understand what has just happened between them.
“I don’t know what you are referring to,” Castiel said in exasperation, “Dean cares about me very much. He is the one who asked me to move in. He’s the one who believes we have a future together whereas I…”
“I am not—your personal walking—med kit, Dean,” Castiel replied in turn.
The guilt hits Castiel like a slap to the face following this admonishment and he ducks his head in shame.
“Shit.” He could. He
A look of recognition crossed John’s face.
at the time, but it persisted and then demanded to be written. I’m incredibly glad that it did. This has been an extremely fulfilling journey so far, full of discovery and a ton of fun to explore...and I can't wait to see where it goes! :3
“My father never wanted a child. He never wanted to raise me. People where I live…
Dean texted him back,
“Shut up, Dean.”
“Ugh, you’re not one of
Dean blinked, staring into eyes as blue as the sky stretched above them, bright and full of certainty. Cas seemed so sure of them, even now at the onset of this small relationship…and that wasn’t even accurate because they hadn’t agreed to call it anything yet, but Dean found it so easy to have faith when Castiel looked at him like this.
” he cried, writhing under the thickness of Dean’s tongue, of the slide of his lips and the bob of his head against the back of Dean’s throat.
Dean glanced around them for any wandering eyes, then leaned in to press his lips to Castiel’s. He meant for it to be no more than a light touch, but as soon as his mouth covered those wide, pale lips he wanted more. He pressed in closer, licking across his bottom lip before dipping his tongue inside for a quick taste.
Dean wiped at his face with the sleeve of his tee, hoping it would look like he was mopping the sweat from his brow.
. Can’t count,” Dean said, jerking in his own hand.
“I used to come here with Sammy all the time when we were kids,” Dean told him. He shook out the other blanket and draped it over their laps, drawing Castiel in close to his chest so that he could lean back against him. “Never took anyone else out here though. Was savin’ it for someone special.”
“No, I suppose not,” Castiel agreed.
. Dean was just getting ready to leave for his date with Cas when his dad caught him by the arm in the lobby.
Castiel was quiet as they stuffed themselves on the warm, hearth-cooked food. Dean left him to his thoughts, knowing Cas would say something when he was ready. It was when he was helping Dean with the dishes afterward that he finally decided to speak up.
“Maybe he needed to find his own way,” Dean supplied. Helen blinked, her gaze snapping up to meet his as though she had forgotten he was there.
“Dean? Are you still there?” he asked.
Dean takes a shuddering breath and seriously considers witchcraft is involved here. Because it’s the only thing that explains this complete and abrupt 180 in his sexuality.
“Look, I tried to get on another flight, but they’re booked solid. I need you to hack me onto this plane.”
“Dean, you have to stay awake. Don’t leave me, Dean.” The angel gripped him by the front of his shirts.
Dean looked down at the shirt Cas had picked out for him, nervously smoothing out the sleek, starched fabric. The deep, royal blue reflected in his eyes, turning them a strange aquamarine as it mixed with the green of his irises. The rich color really did suit him perfectly. It set Dean to thinking. Was it a sign, perhaps, that Cas had picked out
“How’dya know it’s the same person?” Dean asked him.
After the third lap around the rink, Castiel straightened and seemed a lot more confident in his abilities.
“Perhaps when my ribs heal,” Castiel replied, “I am afraid a long car ride would still be far too uncomfortable to enjoy it properly.”
“Let go,” Castiel demanded, staring down at Dean’s hand around his upper arm, “Before Uriel sees and I lose my job,” he said. “Not that you would understand what that’s like.”
“Okay,” he said.
“Sorry,” he said into the soft cotton. He didn’t like feeling like this. He felt so
Dean smiled and ducked his head. He felt the corners of his eyes crinkle up. They weren’t moist at all. Not one bit.
. Pardon me guys, hot Hermione alert. Catch ya later, bitches.”
“Dean, what is all this?” Castiel blurted.
Half an hour later there was a soft knock at the door.
Dean spoke before he could speak them aloud.
after, mainly because it took place at The Plaza, and Dean thought it would be interesting. In one scene, Dean pointed to two men walking down the hallway of The Plaza in the background. One was in a black suit, the other in a very familiar-looking tan trench coat.
“No. I haven’t been to see them in years. Since I left home,” he confessed, “I typically volunteer at the soup kitchen on Thanksgiving, but I won’t be able to do that this year.” He held up his right hand, the one with the cast, and frowned pointedly.
,” he replied, pulling one of his signature bitch faces, “Just figured you’d want to know how screwed you’re gonna be if anyone finds out about this.”
“Either you like me or you don’t, Cas,” Dean said, “I’m done chasing you.” Dean paused, hesitating. “Maybe we should just be friends.”
“What can I say? I’m a changed man,” Dean said.
“You get to keep your kink,” Castiel noted, turning to Dean and gesturing to the cast.
There was a rustle of wings and suddenly Cas was holding a bottle of whiskey under his nose.
Dean smiles a little to himself and then holds out his mug.
“I need you,” Dean said into the receiver. He joined the long line of caffeine-deprived travelers that spilled out into the bustling terminal.
“Ain’t that where you had your first job?” he asked, gesturing to a small garage they were passing on their left.
Castiel smiled at him, his big blue eyes filled with adoration. He didn’t need to say it back, but he did anyway.
“Cas, say something, man,” he said. He couldn’t tell if Castiel was upset with him or not for his display of violence.
“No shit,” Dean blurted. Again.
“I, uh…” he fiddled with the scrap piece of metal. “I…I want you to know it wasn’t you, Cas,” Dean said, swallowing hard, “It was never you. I was just afraid of fucking things up.”
Growing up the son of a wealthy businessman, Dean wasn’t used to picking and choosing. He got what he wanted when he wanted. He grabbed a couple cookies from the tray—
“I am not telling you so that you may ‘fix’ it,” Castiel clarified. He seemed mildly annoyed with Dean for suggesting it. “If I am telling you something of my past, it is always in the interest of making conversation, not so that you may pity me.”
Castiel sat down at the kitchen table with a relieved sigh.
“Dean, you don’t have to,” the man said.
“Dean says you can sing,” John was saying, snapping Dean’s attention back to the conversation, “I’d love to hear you sometime.” John turned to his son. “Perhaps we can do dinner. Tomorrow night.”  He shot Carmen a stern look. “I won’t take no for an answer.”
It’s not there. He
Dean glanced over at him and with a sly grin said, “Alright, smarty-pants. Why don’t you take over then?”
John nodded and opened the door.
prefer I slip into for
“My coworker. She is the one who delivered your message,” Castiel supplied.
“Hmm, yes. Warm sand and clear water and…
“Charlie introduced me to someone called ‘The Doctor,’ Jack explained, “She said it isn’t Christmas without aliens.”
Maybe it was time he made some changes.
Castiel doesn’t answer right away. He continues to glare down at the table instead. He wants to tell Dean to
didn’t think he’d want to see the new place. Really, what the fuck?”
He was leaning in to press his lips to Castiel’s mouth before the thought even registered. Cas’s hand came up to hold the side of his face as Dean kissed him, pushing all his worry, all his guilt, and all his love into the small space between them. He pulled back with a sigh of relief, green eyes flickering up to meet deep cerulean blue. They were about the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen in that moment.
“Next time you dump one of our biggest clients give me a heads up first, you hear me
He met Castiel in front of the park. The bellboy was wearing khaki dress pants and a light blue sweater over a white button-up—tucked in—and brown dress shoes. His hair was parted and combed neatly to the side. Dean greeted him with a kiss, and then they walked hand-in-hand over to the small congregation where Castiel sang.
Castiel raised his eyebrows in amusement.
“Won’t be a problem,” Dean said. He took a breath to steel himself. If he had been waiting for the right moment to tell his father about his plans for the business, then this was the best chance he was going to get. “Like I said, I’ve been thinking… I’d like to stick around here, open up a branch in New York. I’ve been doing some research and there are a lot of opportunities floating around. I think I could do some good here.”
Sam whistled, impressed.
meal as well. Castiel ate slowly, meticulously neat, chewing each bite to completion before going for more. His eating style was systematic—a bite of steak, a bite of risotto, a bite of asparagus—whereas Dean dug in wholeheartedly; whatever ended up on his fork ended up in his mouth, shoveled in with little regard to his table manners. Castiel snorted as he watched, horrified, and pointed out the irony that though
I could!” Jesse snapped at him. He rolled his eyes. “The rambling romantic. How fucking annoying.
“Dean, I am not going to apologize for what I said,” Castiel declared.
“Jack, we need to tell the police!” Castiel said, “What happened? What did you see?”
“That I do not know,” he said.
Dean just gives him a look and then swoops down and lifts him off his feet at the knees. Castiel yelps and clings to his back as he’s tossed unceremoniously over the hunter’s shoulder like Dean were picking up a
