Benny steps up to Dean, putting a hand on the man’s shoulder to keep him under the prickle of Benny’s concern. “Maybe I ain’t, but you’ve been skittish since he walked through the door. Ya always are. Got something goin on?”
Dean stares down at the baked confection sitting in the middle of the kitchen table. The scent of baked cherry pie still lingers in the two bedroom apartment. Flour still covers Dean’s worn jeans as he claps his hands together. He cuts out a sliver of a slice and puts it on a Powerpuff Girls plate. The crust breaks around the knife, red juices pooling on the pink plastic. Dean licks his lips as he carries the plate like a waiter in a fancy restaurant.
He tries to hold back a relieved sigh as he stares at the angel in his doorway, but fails. “Cas…”
Soon enough, Crowley, Benny and Garth sit around him with their trays of the normal high school mush.
Dean glances at Castiel, eyes wide and ears hot. He swallows and keeps his eyes on the road from then on out. He doesn’t comment on Castiel’s certainty, just pulls into the Denny’s parking lot. Dean doesn’t actually say anything to the cupid as they walk into the restaurant. Instead, he lets the hostess lead the duo to a booth in the back of the place. Dean immediately picks up his menu and stares down at the words even though he knows he’ll end up getting an omelet. He didn’t eat breakfast and his stomach still turns with post-presentation anxiety. Castiel settles in the booth across from him, not bothering with the menu.
When Dean moans the angel’s full name again, hands in Castiel’s hair and feathers, the angel comes. He let’s out a startled gasp of Dean’s name, grace exploding into prisms of color inside his body. The electricity in the house cuts out with a hiss. The shock wave of grace rocks through Dean’s soul and his own orgasm hits him hard. There’s a dead silence in the aftermath.
“I don’t know guys….” He mumbles, still watching his feet.
Castiel blushes and nods. “Yes, I made it for you…”
“That was… something…” Dean mumbles into Castiel’s hair. The honey scent fills his nose, makes his smile grow as he lies his head back.
And Dean wants to tell him that that wasn’t what he meant, that whether he thinks well of himself and whether he wants to sub are two completely different kinds of things. That maybe they have influenced one another, made things clearer in hindsight, made them easier, made them more difficult. Instead, he nods back, looks Castiel deep in the eyes and promises, “I will.”
“Which you can feel free to. But where do you want to eat it afterwards?”
For a moment there, Dean wonders if Castiel will even let him beg. If he will instead stuff his mouth with the necktie he gave to him or his fingers or his cock, or if he will want to listen to his pathetic little pleads instead. Will he enjoy the things Dean wants to ask for? Will he give him what he asks for? Or deny him instead?
“Just like I told you not to use ‘penetrate’?”
What’s more–
what he has learned, about the world and himself, who he is with, who is the one to reward him with kind words these days. Which is Novak, his direct superior, the up-and-coming star of Sandover.
and then they search for each other gazes with dry eyes. And once their eyes meet, they stare at each other, smile at each other,
“That’s not your fault,” Dean protests.
“Yet, you don’t look comfortable.” Castiel pauses, considers. “Is this about our scene? Do you regret what we experienced together last weekend?”
Castiel shakes his head, weakly and mindful of not hitting their heads against each other. “You’re not a bad boy, not for this.”
Castiel just cocks an eyebrow. “I use honey for anything I can. It’s much better for your health, and I know where and I personally now the people by whom it is produced. The bees work so hard and it would be a waste not to support them and their keepers or to make use of what they give us.”
as he lets go messily and wet and all over both of them.
Jo raises an eyebrow at him.
Dean keens when Castiel licks inside him again, obviously torn between wanting to praise Dean and wanting to eat him out. The war continues with Dean’s keen, it seems, because as soon as Dean reins himself in again, rides the wave of pleasure with simple little whimpers, Castiel sighs.
“I am not concerned about myself, but about you. And not just from a professional point of view, but also because it is hard for me to gauge just how stable you are right now and how good of an idea this is. Especially given this, it would be much more prudent to do this at a safe and private place where both of us will be able to rest and take care of one another.”
“Which I do,” Castiel agrees, and how his eyes soften at Dean’s laugh and how his own smiles grows suggest his words to be nothing but the truth, “but there’s a time and place for either, though I am usually not adverse to combining them. But at this moment, I would rather make you
of him. Dean echoes his groan, albeit much more shakily, and his hands have that same tremor running through them as he tightens their grip on Cas’ hips, in an useless effort to gain purchase.
“Dean?”
“Yeah, that sounds about accurate.”
“Then we will find a way to prevent this together.”
Castiel has never paid attention until now, but with his palms covering Dean’s still body, he feels it, strong and steady, and maybe a bit faster than it should be: the demon’s heartbeat. The proof of a previous existence, and of a different one, now. Its fast pace being proof of Castiel’s as well.
a two days’ mercy. two days of preparation, of mustering up, for Castiel now. he has seen Dean, will see him once more at the banquet
because just like that, Dean is awash with pleasure and confidence again, knows nothing beyond that.
“I agree. So, Yes to kissing.” Dean only hears the scritch of a pen, but can’t be bothered to turn his head around just yet. He expected Castiel to make use of his newfound and surely not all that surprising knowledge, but despite that, he remains seated. It seemed like such a good opener, which is why why the next question comes kind of out of the left field. “And what about spanking?”
Dean doesn’t fight him as he does; in fact, he leans into it. Castiel can feel how his muscles are coiled tightly beneath his layers of fabric and skin, how even the little warmth of his hand seems to be desperately needed.
Dean whines into the last kiss, but Castiel accepts no objections. Instead, he takes Dean’s face into his hands and licks into his mouth, well-aware of how his own desire will flare up again for naught, but also of how content Dean is to just receive kisses like this, open and earnest, even -- and some days
Castiel sighs against the shell of Dean’s ear, where his lips brush against it with a frequency and gentleness that couldn’t be anything but deliberate.
And Dean, licking his lip, assents with a breathy, “Yeah, maybe I should.”
“Of course, the two of you will take the bed,” Officer Novak – no,
“Dean,” he mumbles out, tired now, “my name is Dean Winchester.”
“Yes, that’s accurate. Good.” Castiel’s lips twitch up at the almost imperceptible way Dean’s body tenses at that last little word. “And seeing as you are already awake now and still in bed, you are free to decide whether you want me to serve you your breakfast by the bedside or whether you want to eat it at the table.”
That right there is precisely the reason for why Cas wasn’t the first person he told – because he was the reason Dean realized and accepted that he wasn’t all that straight, and wanted to come clear about it in the first place. Not for Cas – not primarily, at least –, but it is difficult to keep kidding yourself about being straight when you wake up in the middle of the night with sticky underwear, pleasant tremors wrecking your body, and your best friend’s name still on your lips.
“What a wonderful boy,” Castiel praises him and rewards him with a kiss. “Then I want us to try the following: I want you to remain with your upper body on the couch, whereas I will squat by the edge of it, on the floor. I will support your lower body with my own, by having you put your legs on top of my thighs and around my waist. Your behind will neither touch the sofa nor my thighs, but will remain supported between the two of them. This way, you will be able to see my face,” he plants a little kiss to the sensitive skin behind Dean’s ear, “and I will be able to see yours while I pleasure you with my mouth.”
The fourth time it happens, Castiel finally obtains his garden.
He reins himself in and only blinks a little faster when Castiel accompanies Roche downstairs into the entrance hall, Roche’s arm around Castiel’s shoulders, and fully immerses himself into his work instead. There’s a revised report he has to hand in to Adler, after all.
“Hum, yeah,” Dean murmurs, pushing his butt back just a little, enough for the tips of Castiel’s fingers to brush over it again, all of his face open and lazy and flushed. He seems almost not fully there. “And I need y– need you to be happy.”
“Now, Dean,” Castiel begins, with his hand still caressing Dean’s butt cheeks, stroking them so tenderly that it makes Dean’s other cheeks burn. “As you know by now, what I am about to do is not intended to be a punishment. Rather, it is meant to be a challenge. I want you to see this as your chance to prove to me just how good you can really be -- how much you can endure.” He pets down to the lower parts of Dean’s butt cheeks, where they meet with the sensitive insides of his thighs, and draws his hands up again when Dean lets out a little whine.
And Castiel heeds his plea, gives Dean what he’s asking for by sinking one of his hands into his hair and pulling him tightly against his neck while the other grabs onto Dean’s thigh, just shy of his aching ass, and rocks up against it.
And within the breath it takes for Novak to say his name, Dean knows he is utterly, irrevocably done for.
It took Dean a minute before he got what Castiel was driving at with his weird wording, and then he felt his body stiffening up. “You calling me a bother?”
sensations and emotions that Dean has troubles placing them and their sources, instead of just riding them out, unbidden. Riding into Castiel’s throat until Cas pulls off and gives him a sharp slap to his butt, one that makes Dean moan pathetically and makes his cock drip onto Castiel’s cheek.
Dean blushes and wishes to avert his eyes for a different reason than before now, but Castiel is quick to react: he settles his other hand on Dean’s cheek as well, cupping his entire face with his warm and steady hands. It is too close and yet not close enough, and Castiel must have heard his thoughts or must feel the same, because the next moment, his right hand slides down Dean’s skin to settle on his neck — right at the most intimate spot, where a mating bite would be — and leans forward with half-lidded eyes and his face soft and slackened in pleasure. And then he closes his eyes completely and inhales deeply.
“Ah, no, Dean” Castiel says, “there’s still more on the list -- and I will give you a copy of the current one -- but I think that we can work through it a few steps at a time, as I don’t see the need to hurry through it. I much prefer discussing each point in the list in detail, so that both of us know what we agree to. Furthermore,” he takes all sheets belonging to the list, which must be about five or more, neatly adjusts them and puts them down into one clear stack, off to the side of the table, “I do believe that there is something that both of us have already agreed on a week ago, and that I would like to finally try it with you. That is, of course, unless you have changed your mind about spanking.” Castiel raises his eyebrows in a silent question, showing that he genuinely means to give Dean the opportunity to decline.
Jack took a glance in the rearview to look at Sam but could only see Dean, a deep frown on his face. Jack decided to continue looking out the window as he spoke, “Yes, and
Castiel’s eyebrows were furrowed as they almost always were but there was another emotion in there as well that Dean couldn’t quite place. He couldn’t keep eye contact long though and instead looked out the front window.
Dean paused his movement, allowing Cas to breathe through his orgasm. He kissed his hairline and rubbed his back as Castiel swayed. Cas shook his head as if to clear it and then began to move again. Dean quickly said, “Cas, you don’t have to.”
Even though Dean had never shown the same feelings in such an open and vulnerable way before, Jack thought he had seen him maybe express the same sentiment differently. Jack thought about how Dean must have felt when Castiel had died. To have the person you love taken away from you without warning and then to have to burn the body. To have no trace of that person, like they had never existed. It must have been devastating.
He leaned his elbow out the window and cleared his throat. “It’s all good, Cas,” he said.
And gave Castiel a quick kiss on the mouth.
“Dean, I...” and Dean knew Castiel was technically issuing a warning but Dean took it as a sign to continue what he was doing. He jerked his hips in rhythm with Castiel and moved his hand over Castiel’s cock. It didn’t take long until Castiel began to lose his pace, hips moving wildly, his only goal to reach his climax. With a strangled breath, his whole body stilled as he came, cum shooting onto Dean’s chest.
“Sure,” Dean responded, rolling his eyes.
“Okay,” Jack said. “Should I ask Dean too?”
“When you said that you loved me, Cas.”
Dean rolled his eyes in response. “Yeah, really.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, pouring out some of the coffee and handing a mug to him. Dean yawned and took the drink, leaning in and giving Castiel a kiss on the cheek. It was the first real public display of affection Jack had ever seen from Dean. Before this he had only seen what he now knew were stolen moments between him and Castiel but this was the first indisputable act of romantic affection. Jack noticed he was staring and turned to look away quickly.
“I.. didn’t mean to do that. Honestly.” Dean ran a hand over his mouth. “So I am sorry. But...” And he paused, thinking it over. Anything he said after this moment had the power to change his relationship with Castiel for the rest of their lives. But he knew he had to say something. So, after taking a breath, Dean exhaled and admitted, “I don’t regret it.”
Dean woke up a couple of hours later, his stomach practically clawing at itself in hunger. The usual post nap thoughts paraded through his sleep-addled mind. Where am I? What time is it? Did I actually sleep with my best friend? It all came flooding back to him though as he took in Castiel splayed out beside him, butt clearly on display. Dean took in the image fondly and debated whether to wake Castiel up by either kissing his ear or smacking his ass. Castiel stirred beside him though and Dean tried to pretend he hadn’t just been staring at his nude body.
“God, Cas,” Dean couldn’t catch the tears quick enough anymore and they fell freely from his eyes. “I was... I had always thought about that moment if you ever said something. But not like that. It was never supposed to end like that.”
“He did,” Sam said.
Dean nodded, trying to fill his mouth.
“Good morning.”
The angel’s presence had certainly changed the dynamic amongst everyone since he had returned. Sam was relieved to have another person to help teach and take care of Jack; Jack was glad to have a person who understood the angel side of himself and Dean was just happy, plain and simple. Everything seemed a little less heavy in the bunker, like there had been an invisible dark cloud hanging over all of them, threatening to storm and rage at any moment and now it had somehow magically disappeared.
Dean’s smile was practically hurting his face now. “What are we having for dinner?”
“Hard not to.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said as he loaded the food into the reusable bags and then into the cart. Dean nodded at the woman and walked stiffly behind Cas towards the car. He had been having such a good time with Cas that all of his worries had escaped his mind momentarily. But now they were all coming back to slap him in the face.
Sam remained quiet and that was all Dean needed as an answer. Of course, Bobby knew.
“I talked to Cas today,” Sam said.
There was nothing else Jack needed to hear. Seeing Castiel’s face had been answer enough.
Crossing his arms across his chest, Dean returned the look with his own hateful one. Sam glanced between the two of them and then said to Castiel, “Dean will grab you a towel and a change of clothes.”
“Does he love Castiel?”
Sam shook his head, “No, Jack. Sorry, I just... Dean is my brother and I don’t normally want to think about him sleeping with people. Even though he does. A lot.”
“Yeah right,” Dean said, disbelieving. “Not everyone. There’s no way Bobby knew.”
“He’s fine,” Dean said, scooting his chair closer to Castiel’s. “How do you feel about Milk Duds for dinner?”
to people. Then there was the way he interacted with Castiel which was different from the way he was with everyone else.  Like how Dean would fuss with Castiel’s clothing, not in a way that was belittling but just like he cared. Or how much Dean touched Castiel. As far as Jack could tell, Dean had never been a “touchy-feely” kind of guy. But when Castiel was around, Dean was always greeting him with a hug or casually resting a hand on his shoulder.
Things got quiet after that. They looked at headlines online for anything strange but everything appeared to be normal for once. Dean returned to ignoring Sam and it wasn’t until two weeks later that Sam eventually managed to pin down Dean. Rain was beating onto the windows and Dean had secluded himself in the library, leaving himself unintentionally open to Sam’s questioning. He had been reading through the Men of Letters’ archives and hadn’t realised it had become so late, having gotten caught up in his research (and keeping his mind off Cas) that he had completely forgotten about dinner.
Jack was beginning to doubt that Dean would ever come around to the idea of Jack being a part of their little group. But he didn’t fight Sam on the topic and instead settled against the headboard of his bed, looking a little like an angsty teen.
They stayed connected together for just a moment after that. Dean didn’t want to let go but eventually managed to unwrap his arms from around Castiel. Castiel lifted himself off Dean's lap and Dean slid out of him, taking the condom off, tying it and tossing it in the general direction of the trash can.
“H-hey, Dean,” Jack greeted.
Castiel tilted his head and Dean hated how the familiar gesture warmed him. “I thought your car was in the shop. That’s why Sam said I had to drive you.”
The rest of the case went on like normal. They talked to the police in the morning, got a hint that the person they were looking for might have been involved in some “weird stuff”, found out the person used to be part of a coven of witches, and they were
He took a seat on his bed, laying the snacks on the desk, while trying to ignore the way Sam was studying his expression. Jack couldn’t help but run through what he had just seen in his mind over and over again. Even though Jack couldn’t quite figure out what he had interrupted, he knew it had been something private. One of the first things Jack had learned about humans was that they found nudity inappropriate and embarrassing. So if Dean and Castiel had been naked together, in bed, then they were probably doing something that they didn’t want anyone else to see.
Dean gripped the edge of the counter, taking a deep breath to steady himself. They were all back. Everyone who had disappeared, all the people Sam and Dean had saved from Apocalypse World and those they had brought back from the dead previously. They had all returned.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greeted quietly. Castiel opened his eyes and yawned before burying his face back into the pillow. “I’m just gonna see what we’re doing for dinner, okay?”
Dean opened his mouth to refuse, knowing that dinner came with a price, but was interrupted by his stomach growling. “Fine,” Dean conceded and began moving his books and papers into a pile. Sam looked as if he was itching to rearrange the papers immediately and Dean was pretty sure Sam had a mini heart attack as Dean dogeared the page he was on. Sam exhaled with frustration but let it go, placing the food on the giant table.
Dean wanted to die. He wanted to crawl into the nasty, wet hamburger bag and die. He poured himself another shot but decided to sip at it instead of going at it in one go. “What do you want me to say, Sammy?” he asked and then, in confusion, “What do you mean ‘finally’?”
Castiel nodded and the atmosphere in the room began to feel heavy again. They each stood silently on opposite sides of the kitchen and Dean’s mind was trying to think of things to say. There was so much and he couldn’t imagine where to begin.
Dean took a drink from his beer. “Hey, Cas,” he greeted as casually as he could.
And then it occurred to him what the real reason was.
The rain from the night before left the air feeling thick with humidity and Dean could feel himself starting to sweat from either the temperature or his current predicament. In the background, the radio was playing an old song by The Killers that Dean would begrudgingly admit he kind of liked. Castiel drove with one hand on the steering wheel and the other loosely tapping to the rhythm of the music on his thigh. Dean couldn’t help but think it was kind of cute how badly Cas was at keeping the beat.
“Oh, whoa,” Sam said and held up a hand to stop Jack from talking. “I don’t... really want to hear about that.”
With a groan, Dean stood up and staggered towards his bedroom with a groan.
Castiel pressed his lips together.
“What do you want me to say, Cas?” Dean bit back, embarrassment turning back to defensiveness.
Castiel nodded and said, in a voice like it was clearly obvious, “Yes, Dean.”
Castiel held out an open palm and Dean squirted some of the liquid onto Castiel’s fingers and some on his own as well. This was clearly not the first time Cas had fingered himself and Dean wondered how many times he had done this before. When was the first time he had done it? He imagined Castiel in an empty motel room testing the pleasures of his human body. The obscene sounds of slick fingers sliding in and out of Castiel’s asshole were paired with soft puffs of breath that Castiel released onto Dean’s shoulder. Soon Cas found an angle he enjoyed as he canted his hips, keeping a hand on Dean to steady himself. Dean prepared himself by unwrapping the condom and rolling it onto his cock, spreading some of the lube onto himself.
That was until Sam stepped into the room holding up a big brown paper bag, grease soaking through to the bottom, in one hand and two bottles of beer in the other. “Dinner?” Sam suggested.
“I think Dean and Castiel are having sex.”
The morning came slowly, Jack had gotten a couple of hours of sleep but had woken up somehow feeling more tired than he had been before he’d fallen asleep. The bunker was just as quiet as it had been in the late night hours as Jack made his way to the kitchen to wait for everyone to wake up. Sam was the first to get up at sometime after 7AM. He said hi to Jack before going for a jog, coming back to eat breakfast, taking a shower and then going on his computer to see if he had gotten any messages about a case. Jack was used to Sam having his own morning routine and there was something comforting about the predictability of it all. However Dean had always woken up whenever the mood struck him, never sticking to a schedule as far as Jack could tell. A few more hours passed by and Jack began to wonder if Dean and Castiel would ever wake up. Thankfully, around 11AM, Castiel finally made his way into the kitchen.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice cut through and Dean wished it didn’t fill him with warmth. “Is something wrong?”
The silence stretched on for a moment as Sam waited for Dean to completely run out of food. Dean tossed the bag aside and licked the extra grease off his fingers, relishing Sam’s disgusted look. However Dean’s smugness quickly faded away as Sam gave up on allowing Dean to talk on his own time.
Dean went down the stairs again and his shoes were soggy, slapping each step with a wet sound. He dropped the bottles and cans onto the counter with a thud and began putting them away as Sam came over to help. Avoiding Sam’s questioning look, Dean finished unloading and threw the receipt on the counter.
“What happened?” Sam whispered to Dean.
The hate was fading slowly as Dean looked away to give Cas privacy as he took his tie off and began to unbutton his shirt. Dean turned his attention to trying to find some pants for both of them but there didn’t appear to be any that had been washed recently. It was clear he would have to go to his room to see if there was any there. He looked towards Castiel to say his plan of action but happened to look over just as he was putting Dean’s shirt on.
“So you finally kissed Cas,” Sam said, crossing his arms with a self-satisfied smile on his lips.
Dean trailed off again and swallowed.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said with a self-satisfied grin. He took a seat in one of the wooden chairs and put his feet up on the table. Sam frowned at Dean’s muddy shoes but just sighed, taking his air pods out.
Dean nodded appreciatively, “Nice choice.”
Dean wanted so badly to kiss him until they were breathless but he was able to eventually pull away from Castiel. He wanted to do all the things he had fantasized about. Touching Castiel, seeing him naked (and all those things people do while being naked). But he also wanted the other moments too. He wanted to simply wake up in bed next to him, to cook dinner together, maybe even get their own place one day.
Pulling away from the warmth of Castiel’s body, Dean took a step back to take off his underwear, his dick jumping free from the waistband. The cool air hit his damp cock and Dean hissed through his teeth at the feeling. However his attention was quickly focused elsewhere as Castiel took off his own underwear. Dark hair surrounded Castiel’s cock and Dean’s eyes were drawn in.
“Did you not know?” Sam asked.
me?” Dean swallowed.
“Cas says he’ll drive Joey home,” Sam said casually as he slid into his usual spot on the passenger’s side.
Dean blushed furiously and cleared his throat. Hearing Cas say it out loud and acknowledging what had happened felt like some weird dream. There was no way this could actually be happening but there they were. The humid air felt suffocating and he squirmed a little in his seat. Castiel continued to watch him until Dean eventually sighed. “Cas...” he closed his eyes and then looked back at him. “That was... I didn’t mean to do that.”
“Dean,” Cas said. The single word was a punch in the gut. Hearing Castiel say his name like old times was like the final trumpet of victory. After years of fighting again and again only for a new enemy to appear, stronger and smarter than the last. Finally it was over.
Dean curled his lip and grounded out, “Take me to the bunker.”
Dean took a slow drink from his shot and considered what Sam meant. Yeah, he really liked Cas and cared for him, sure. And when Cas was hurt or lost or sad Dean felt those pains as if they were his own. And since he had given Cas that one kiss he had played it over and over in his mind. Remembering Castiel’s dry, pliant mouth and the feel of his scruff on his lips. And—
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice broke through and Dean realized he was just standing dumbly in front of the car door. Dean shook his head as if trying to physically clear his mind and ducked into the car.
Quietly, Castiel walked into the doorway of the kitchen looking like an angry, wet cat. Water slid off his trenchcoat onto the tiled floor of the kitchen and his hair was matted against his forehead. Sam took in Castiel’s sorry state and said, “Thanks for helping, Cas.”
Days passed on like this. Dean holed himself up in his room for as long as he could for most of the time and Sam would check in on him now and again before being driven off by a seething look.
The corner of Castiel’s lips lifted in a somber smile. “There’s nothing to be sorry about. He’s gone but...,” and he looked at Dean, his eyes a little misty. “He’s here.”
Cas didn’t move. He clenched his jaw so tight that Dean could see the tension in his cheeks.
“About what I said before I left...” Castiel began and Dean had never seen Castiel look so unsure, so calculating about his next words. “I...”
Sam paused his podcast which would normally have been totally fine but Dean dreaded that Sam would most likely want him to talk.
Dean felt a tear roll down his cheek and he rubbed it away quickly. “Yeah, well, same here.”
Castiel’s brows furrowed for a moment but seemed to accept the lie as he led them towards the front entrance.
“Oh will I?” Dean said indignantly.
Sam frowned at Dean. “I’m serious.”
Castiel searched Dean’s eyes. “What do you mean?”
Jack felt himself suddenly nervous about asking any questions. He remembered the night before and how angry Dean had been. Maybe this was all a bad idea. The last thing he wanted was to make Castiel mad at him by asking personal questions about something he didn’t fully understand. Then again, Castiel was the one who was supposed to help him and look after him so maybe he would be happy to have Jack ask questions. He settled for just murmuring a small, “Good morning,”
And that was all that was needed to be said.
He couldn’t tell if Castiel was feeling the same way. He must be though. Castiel was practically human now and he had human feelings and needs. And human urges. Whether Castiel had the same emotions as Dean about the whole situation though, he couldn’t be sure. Dean doubted he would be able to handle touching Cas again, let alone kiss him, if he wasn’t one hundred percent certain Castiel felt the same way. But the thought of risking their current friendship because Dean wanted to be closer was terrifying.
They could create their own ending now.
Castiel stayed still as Dean walked purposefully across the room and stopped to stand only an inch or so away from him. He moved closer to hold Castiel’s cheeks in the palm of his hands, before tilting his head to kiss those lips he had dreamt of for years. Castiel was frozen in shock before quickly reciprocating, his arms coming up to land on Dean’s waist.
Castiel pursed his lips together and then nipped at Dean’s jaw, some of the frustration from earlier returning. He brought a hand to the back of Dean’s hair and gave an aggressive tug that made Dean gasp. The contrast of the burn of Castiel’s stubble and the softness of Castiel’s lips and tongue was so addicting. They could discuss more later. Dean was tired of talking anyways.
“So this is okay?” Dean asked because he needed to be sure.
Sam stopped shuffling the papers and shrugged at Dean. “He’s a little hard to read.”
Sam looked at Dean kindly and with just a hint of a look that said, ‘I told you so’.
Dean accepted the challenge and drank it down easily. And, yeah, he was starting to feel it now. Not that he would let Sam know.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greeted smugly.
Dean gave a loud whistle and shouted, “Hey, you damn mutts!” The hounds’ attention didn’t sway for even a moment and they began to paw at the ground in anticipation. Dean swore under his breath and tried to will himself to pull the trigger.
It didn’t excuse Dean’s behaviour towards Jack but it did help explain it. The feeling of loss Dean must have been experiencing and how Sam had tried so hard to get him to open up. It had all culminated in an angry and aggressive Dean Winchester. Sort of like a cornered animal with no other option but to try and fight its way out, hurting anyone that got in its way.
The next case they investigated appeared to be a poltergeist haunting a young couple in their new home only for it to be a teen phrogging for YouTube views.
Dean hummed in agreement and they both stood up to help (or bother) Sam in the kitchen.
Castiel tilted his head. “Dean doesn’t hate you.”
“I...” and Jack wasn’t sure how to continue.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said. “We were in a bad place ever since Jack lost his soul and... and I thought I had told you so many times before.”
As if summoned to the kitchen by the smell of coffee, Dean shuffled into the room, interrupting whatever Jack was about to say. Dean’s eyes were barely opened and his hair was sticking up every which way, which was impressive because his hair was pretty short. He wore a worn out looking t-shirt, boxers and a threadbare housecoat. “Hey,” Dean grumbled.
The coffee maker whirred to life and began to drip slowly into the pot placed below it. Jack may have been wrong but he thought Castiel’s ears seemed a little pink at the mention of the night before. “It’s alright, Jack,” Castiel said.
The tires sank into the mud as they arrived at the bunker and Dean escaped from the car quickly, slamming the door behind him. The rain pounded onto his head and shoulders, soaking right through his clothing. Cas followed behind closely and popped the trunk revealing their spoils from earlier. Dean grabbed as many bags as he could and ran through the rain to the bunker.
Sam visibly softened. “I think so although I don’t think he’s ever said it.”
“Good night,” Jack responded as he continued to click on different police reports, feeling bored but not sleepy. He stretched his arm over the back of his head and couldn’t help but take a peek at Dean and Castiel who were seated on the tiny couch provided by the motel. They had been sharing a laptop, which meant Castiel was doing most of the work while Dean was drinking a beer and peering over Castiel’s shoulder from time to time.
And Dean nearly choked on his coffee.
Castiel gave a breathy chuckle at the word choice.
For a brief moment Dean wanted to slap the steering wheel. Joey! That was the name! But Dean couldn’t find it in himself to react so enthusiastically and instead just grunted as he put the keys into the ignition.
Castiel’s eyes were wide and he opened his mouth as if to say something but then closed it again. They both stood completely still just staring, as if willing the other to speak.
The door landed on the floor of the bedroom with a sound that echoed throughout the entire bunker. Jack stepped into the room and had his hand out in front of him, ready to take down the intruder.
As silently as ever, Cas had entered the bunker and now stood in the doorway of the kitchen. Dean wished he wasn’t wearing his boxer shorts and white t-shirt, feeling exposed in so many ways. Dean threw Sam a look and Sam mouthed, “I was trying to tell you.”
Dean just walked right by, ignoring him, and went to grab the rest of the groceries. The rain was falling almost violently now as Dean piled all of the cases of beer to carry inside, his arms straining with the effort. He slammed the trunk down with his elbow and passed by Castiel on his way back inside. “I got it,” Dean said as Castiel reached out to take a case.
“Did you finish watching
Dean didn’t say anything more and left the room. Castiel took a seat at the kitchen table across from Jack and began to look at his phone.
Castiel’s eyes roamed over the assortment of candy and then picked up a bag of Tropical Skittles.
Jack didn’t know Castiel well enough to say if he was acting differently upon his return to the living. In many ways Castiel was much easier to understand than Sam and Dean, probably because he was an angel. But when Dean was around him, Castiel was harder to read. Sometimes Castiel seemed annoyed with how reckless Dean was but he always followed alongside Dean no matter what. It was a contradiction that Jack couldn’t understand.
He tugged at the belt loops of Castiel’s pants, which were still wet, and pulled him flush against his own, still soaked, pants. Castiel groaned at the contact, momentarily moving away from Dean’s mouth and dragging Dean closer until he was pressed between the door and Dean’s body. The warmth of Castiel’s skin could be felt through his shirt and it made Dean almost dizzy with desire. Since his mouth was currently unoccupied, Dean took the momentary break to try and speak. Not before laying a single kiss to the corner of Cas’s mouth though which Cas tried to chase with his tongue.
“Apparently it’s living in someone’s home without them noticing.”
Dean remained quiet as he looked over his shoulder to reverse, his brow knit together and his lips pressed tightly shut. He hit the gas and Baby surged forward instead of back. Dean cursed as he realised his mistake and changed the car into reverse.
The sky had clouded over while they had been in the store and the first drops of rain were just beginning to fall. Dean pulled himself in through the window and hit the button on the door to shut it before the rain could truly start. The drive was just as it had been before on their way into town but the feeling that came with it was cold and depressing this time. The jack russell terrier from earlier was no longer outside, the grazing cows were taking shelter in their barn and the billboard for fireworks was covered by trees from this side of the road. Dean sighed and stared at his hands in his lap.
Castiel groaned as Dean deepened the kiss, pressing his tongue past Castiel’s lips. Castiel’s unshaven chin rubbed against his own as they pressed their bodies closer together.
probably – he knows Castiel means it.
Dean half-groans, half-sighs, because if he jumps Castiel’s bones and is a bit too dazed to help him come by the end, it doesn’t mean he suddenly doesn’t want it anymore. “Yes, it does.” Castiel makes a noise as if he wants to object, so Dean just pushes on. “You always are.”
It’s easy to see the moment Castiel
“But,” Castiel began, pausing for yet another moment before commencing again, “but what if whatever bothers me is lying on top of me and trying to get me to talk about what bothers me?”
So he says nothing and just lets Cas do whatever he wants to. He allows him to pepper his face with kisses, to keep silent even though his claims about Dean’s beauty are evident in every press of his lips, to guide Dean down onto the couch and squeeze in beside him, his hands and lips always roaming, always tender.
be aware of what Castiel has wanted to say. But he doesn’t know. And it would be too much. Not right now.
“This won’t influence your job at all, of course,” Castiel promises. “Should you feel uncomfortable working with me after my proposal, please don’t hesitate to tell me. You are very renowned even among the veterans of Sandover and I have no doubt that I could easily make sure you have an even better job under another person’s tutelage. You have made quite a name for yourself, and even without the excellent letter of recommendation I would be happy to write you, there is no doubt in my mind that you could find a new and better position anywhere. Whether at Sandover or anywhere else in the city.”
Dean quietly smacks his lips at that to stave off the flush threatening to creep up his cheeks. Damn Castiel and his inability to either not recognize Dean’s attempts at dirty talk as such or to just accept them for what they are, even if they might put Dean down a bit or imply him to be anything but the good boy Castiel insists he is. "It was supposed to be a joke," he explains, lamely and while being only half-honest.
“Y-yeah,” Dean stutters out, taken aback by Castiel’s filthy words and how it makes his cock drip out another pearl. “I’m sorry.” His words come out slow, yet honest.
And Castiel must also surely feel it skipping a beat, when he repeats, so quietly that only Dean could hear it, “I need you, too.”
“Please, let me–
Castiel mirrors his smirk, confidence and delight flaring in his gaze, whispers “Perhaps”, and he places one of his hands on top of the table, moves it slowly and sinuously forward, reaching the middle and then reaching further and–
“Dean?” he asks, because while he does adore the sweet flush Dean’s complexion has taken on, he dislikes Dean with a dropped gaze and a rigid posture. Dean is a man of motion, after all, and a person who deserves to always hold his head and eyes up high. He shouldn’t have to solemnly stare at the onions and garlic opposite them.
“We shouldn’t do this right now.” The admission seems to take a lot out of Castiel; he almost sounds pained as he speaks.
Castiel scrutinizes him with a frown. “I apologize if I have made you uncomfortable; that wasn’t my intention. I simply prefer to be truthful and straightforward about what I want, especially if I believe that my wishes could be reciprocated.” He is silent for a moment. “Especially if I wish for something –
And miraculously enough, Castiel truly doesn’t seem to begrudge Dean’s words from before; he doesn’t try to shorten their kisses or to pull away whenever even the faintest of chances arises. Instead, he seems perfectly happy to catch all of Dean’s kisses and give them back threefold, to open his mouth and run his wet and parted lips over Dean’s bottom lip, but for him to never turn this into something else, nothing more sexual than Dean does.
Dean is trembling in his arms, though only slightly so -- and his breathing is steady. He is not breaking apart like he used to; and it is Dean’s strength that has Castiel speak with his voice dipped as low and intimate as the cradle of
tip. You know, in other restaurants where the service is as good as the food.”
It’s so endearing and irresistable and yet maybe even not entirely conscious that Castiel does not dare give in to it for more than pressing up against Dean from behind that one time. With his crotch against Dean’s butt, his arms loosely around him and his mouth close to Dean’s flaming ear, murmuring out some apology or another about how he urgently needs the exact trowel and seeds that are lying in front of Dean.
The idea of which is strangely appealing, despite it all. Appealing enough for Dean to make a sound that he hopes doesn’t come out as too much of a whine, and for him to pant in Castiel’s arms. “I don’t care. I want to. You can have me like this.”
Unsure, Dean pulls his hand back, so that it hovers awkwardly somewhere around Castiel’s face and throat, not touching anything. Castiel just lets him, keeps his eyes patiently and unerringly on Dean, until he decides to pull away. In a swift movement, Castiel grips Dean’s hand as it is on its way down, and raises it towards his own face again. There, he puts it on his cheek, Dean’s open palm cupping his face, and lays his own hand over it, covering it completely.
Dean’s grateful that there’s at least some sign of arousal; it makes him feel less perverted, less like that he’s the only one who has that warm feeling rolling in his belly, and it also sends an unknown thrill through him, because
Lucifer rolls his eyes like it’s the simplest thing to understand. The hunter’s eyes widen. He leans forward, coming closer to the angel and searching his eyes even more. He barely whispers, “
In the dining room, Dean joins Sam in setting the table. They set plates down over the nice table cloth Ellen pulled from the attic. Dean runs his fingertips over the fabric, smiling at the softness he remembers from every holiday here. Forks, knives and spoons clink in Sam’s hands as he goes around the table, long hair swinging in front of his face.
Dean hisses at the jolt of pain, jerking his hips out. Cas keeps mouthing at the spot, licking it lightly in apology. Grace twists and turns through Castiel’s body, making every inch of him quiver as he explores Dean’s chest with his hands.
Warm hands, experienced hands, trace his jawline, scratch at his stubble. Dean’s skin smells of leather, holy water, smoke, worn pages. He searches the angel’s eyes, biting his bottom lip and silently asking for Castiel’s permission. Instead of saying anything, Castiel leans forward, brushing his lips against the priest’s to get him to stop chewing. When the priest gasps, Castiel wraps his arms around his neck and actually kisses him. The man’s tongue tests the taste of Castiel’s mouth, and a hum shudders in Castiel’s chest. Dean laughs, breaths deep to keep up with his heart.
His younger brother answers the phone after the third ring, some slight annoyance creeping into his voice. “What, Dean?”
Scoffing, Dean glares down at his hands as they rub down the bar. “I done let go years ago, Bobby. I ain’t got no interest in them or their deals. Sam’s just…” Dean shakes his head. “He can’t shake it. No matter how much I tell him we can’t control em or the deals they make.”
Cas gapes at the hunter in his mind, surprised at the question. Lucifer grins in their mind, but makes Cas’s body smile a little. “I am well, Dean. How are you?”
“You guys do spend a lot of time together, don’t ya. You’re putting a lot of time into this case.” Gabriel turns to put his cake in the oven and start the timer, ears focused on Castiel’s tone.
Dean shakes his head, looking up from the Pinot Noir. “No, Cas, that’s cool of you. Thank you.”
“Uniform?”
The angel frowns at the expression the hunter uses, but stays standing in the middle of Dean’s bedroom. Sleep deprivation scrambling his thought process, Dean thinks nothing of passing by the angel to get to his dresser. He pulls his flannel off his shoulders, tossing it to the floor. Cas’s eyes widen when the hunter tugs his t-shirt off his head and wiggles out of his jeans. The hunter stretches in his boxers and Cas freezes.
His brother rolls his eyes at that, lips upturned like he plans on saying something sarcastic. That’s when his shoulder’s tense.
Touching the hunter’s face, he heals Dean with a small smile. Before Dean could react, other than to lean into his angel’s touch, Cas presses his lips to Dean’s forehead. “I love you too…”
Shaking his head, Castiel goes back to the desk in the corner. He doesn’t need to worry about his new trove of underwear; he needs to focus on his upcoming midterms.
“So Dean, how’d ya figure it out? Hmmm?” Lucifer asks, kneeling in front of the hunter and smirking.
“Maybe Ellen’s right, Bobby. I ain’t seen him around before. ’N ya know how Sam keeps track of all the crossroads. He would have drawn him. I’d remember.”
Dean runs a hand through his bed head and stretching. Excitement tingles through his body as he heads to shower. He’ll go out tonight.
Cas meets Dean’s eyes, lips parted to make an excuse about being alright despite his past preferences. The green is soft and hazy, surprising the angel. He’d never seen Dean’s eyes look like that, like the gardens in Heaven. He’s shocked into silence, still staring.
Castiel sits on one of the stools on the other side of the breakfast bar. “Dean invited me to Thanksgiving dinner.”
A lanky man with a mullet approaches him from behind the bar. His smile is goofy and light, eyes shining when he plops his note pad and a menu onto the bar. He gives Castiel a quick once over, appraising his apparel. “Nice coat, dude.”
He can’t quite meet her gaze as they search the forest for Amara. But he can’t shake his curiosity. What do his brothers and sisters think of his many sacrifices? What do they think of his rebirth?
Once Castiel has the jeans unbuttoned, he pulls back. Dean’s eyes open, eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Castiel searches the depths of his pupils, fingers tracing the lines of Dean’s cheekbones. The gentle touch surprises the man, a sudden change from his bite earlier.
A soft whine escapes Dean’s throat, his head falling back against the wall with a thunk. He can hear the heaviness in those words, the truth behind them. The cupid isn’t going to pull back and hide himself, not anymore. Cas’s palms are hot and clammy as they slide under Dean’s shirt. The human shudders underneath the gentle touch. Cas’s wings rustle again, the sound drowning out everything except Dean’s heartbeat. Cas starts tracing the tip of his nose down the curve of Dean’s neck.
The typical week passes. Castiel goes to his classes, burdened with literature and his foreign language classes as well as his required credits in math- too busy to remember to go to the lost and found. Soon he finds himself creating a new routine. He wakes up, showers, makes coffee, goes to class, then comes back to find a new undergarment on the floor in the front hall.
The hunter’s eyes shine with the shadows of the water as he looks earnestly at the angel. “Don’t.”
Castiel had seen Dean naked before, had pieced every one of his cells back together. But that was a mission- a holy one, but still a mission. Now, Cas blushes. He can’t seem to look away as Dean pulls out a worn Metallica shirt and slips it on. He smiles at Cas when he turns back around to crawl into bed.
Besides that, Dean never enjoyed the idea of going home to his empty apartment. The whole place feels stagnant, nothing like the place he shared with Lisa or his old bedroom at home. Those places were full of life: dirty laundry, cassette tapes and CDs, school work, books, posters, and some trash. It smelled lived in, if not a little gross, nothing like the various fabric softeners Dean started using because he still couldn’t find one he liked.
Castiel’s wings rise above his shoulders in surprise, his blue eyes widening. He glances over to Balthazar, eyebrows stretching over his forehead. When Balthazar nods, Castiel shakes his head. “You both understand that I’ve never once answered a prayer? You could say that my ‘people’ skills are ‘rusty’.”
There's a poker game in this chapter so here's some background if you are unfamiliar with the lingo I use!
………………
Castiel jumps, mouth open slightly when Dean pulls back. Castiel touches his fingertips to his lips. Castiel’s heart pounds, then settles into an excited beat. The weeds of emotion growing in his chest finally bloom into flowers as Dean laughs and says, “I love you too.”
“Cas, buddy… Fight him… Fight this…”
Bobby tosses back the first shot with a grumble. “Ya mean the winnin’s ya got from
“You can sit, Cas. I know you guys don’t eat, but ya don’t have to stand there brooding either."
Nathan writes down the order, takes the menus, and departs with a huff. Dean watches the boy go, rubbing his palms together. “I take it he wasn’t the one?”
When an angel takes on the appearance of a human, it mimics the angel’s own desires to create a vessel. He liked his Egyptian vessel, the long limbs, the dark curly hair, the dark skin that tanned into the color of the Pyramids’ shadows. However, instead of the burnt sienna of shadows, Castiel feels like diffused starlight. His skin flashes, pale compared to the dark hair that appears on his arms. He has black hair as unruly as the wind, eyes as vivid as crystal clear ponds, a thin body as sturdy as an oak tree. An embodiment of Castiel’s favorite things. He scratches his cheek to relearn the feeling of skin on skin and laughs when he finds stubble. Castiel always thought five o’clock shadow made men’s faces appear fuller, stronger somehow. He tests his voice, the sound lower than he expected. He appears in a back alley thousands of miles away in Kansas, smiling with his new face. He adjusts his trench coat on his shoulders, then walks out onto the main road.
Castiel looks out the window above the table. Sunshine peers down through the leaves of trees and bushes, lighting everything in a glowing green color. Children run about in the street, kicking a ball back and forth and laughing. Birds and bees and crickets and wasps and all of God’s creations vibrate with life outside. Castiel finds himself smiling fondly.
Castiel moans, eyes lighting up with grace as he accepts the prayer. He sucks Dean’s bottom lip into his mouth as the hunter whimpers. He lets go of it and nods. “I won’t leave, Dean. I’m yours. I’m here.”
Upon request, I had added a second chapter. This chapter does contain sexual content. AS this is my second time writing in this manner, I would strongly appreciate comments! Thanks for reading <3
Castiel turns and looks up at Dean, holding his free hand over his eyes to see him better. “Hello, Dean.”
He sits in a lone arm chair next to the couch, both Bobby and him quietly watching the others talk enthusiastically. Every now and then, Dean would look away from his brother and at Castiel. Every time, he found Cas intently watching them with a small smile. Seeing Cas there makes things feel even easier than they normally do, makes the space feel more like home. Dean swallows the feeling when Ellen orders him and Sam to set the table.
Castiel nods as if he knows Dean would say something similar to that. “What did you expect, Mr. Winchester?”
Before Dean can spiral any further into his thought process, there’s a soft knock on his apartment door. The business man swallows as he tiptoes to the door. He catches himself walking softly and shakes his head to scold himself. He’s a grown man and a retired Marine, he’s capable of answering the door.
Dean looks to Cas, glancing at his surrogate father for a second. Dean puts a hand on Castiel’s knee, smiling encouragingly. “I’ll be right back, okay?”
“That’s a little stalkerish, but it works,” Dean mumbles, taking another drink of his beer. Castiel’s wings tense at the tone of Dean’s voice and guilt immediately zings through Dean. He stares at the angel’s shoulder as he tries to think of a way to get the conversation away from his own stupidness.
Dean’s eyes flutter at the tenderness and his voice cracks. “Cas.”
Dean’s face is an interesting amalgamation of constellations. Eye brows furrowed, half his face shadowed, lips parted as he catches his breath. His shoulders are tense, still braced with pain and anticipation. Castiel feels the longing in Dean, the need to make sure he’s okay. He can sense the slight admiration in his charge, how he looks at Cas like he can never fail or be broken. Even after everything that’s happened, Dean still sees Cas as a soldier of God.
Sighing, Dean smiles slightly and tugs at the trench coat. “Take this off, we gotta change your clothes.”
“Ben! Don’t be inconsiderate,” Lisa admonishes, squeezing the young boy’s shoulder. She smiles at Castiel apologetically.
The waiter comes up to the table with a wide smile, pen at the ready as he looks the two men up and down. Castiel immediately reaches out to test Dean’s compatibility with the stranger, jaw clenching when the future shows Dean breaking up with the man after a couple weeks. The young man doesn’t pay much attention to the angel, just raises an eyebrow at the large wings folded up against the tan trenchcoat. Instead, he leans closer to Dean as he speaks.
Dean bites the inside of his cheek as Cas stands. The cupid looked so natural in the outfit Dean kept forgetting the clothes were borrowed. Every time he remembered that Cas is in fact wearing his clothes, his stomach drops. Looking the angel up and down once more, the man feels like he could float away into the atmosphere.
Castiel nods, tilting his head up to kiss Dean. Breaking off, he rests his forehead against Dean’s and stares into the man’s half-lidded eyes. He scrambles for a thought, an idea flashing through his mind and quickly dissipating. Castiel grabs Dean’s hips, pushing him off his lap and onto the empty space next to him. He moves Dean’s legs to frame his waist, smiling down at the surprised expression of the man’s flushed face. Hovering above Dean, Castiel kisses him once more. He moves slower this time, one hand holding Dean’s cheek. Trailing from his face and down his chest, Castiel gently runs his knuckles over Dean’s panties. Dean gasps, rocking into the light touch as his eyes flutter close.
Gabriel shrugs, pacing in front of Balthazar’s desk now. “Dean’s file shows that he’s capable socially, he just needs a little divine intervention. This isn’t a dude who’s desperate for someone who’ll have sex with him. This guy wants the real deal. Cas is good with the technical aspect, but needs to build his social skills. They’re perfect.”
“So she likes pie?” Castiel asks, striding through the small kitchen to pet the top of the baby’s head.
The person he laid down for, the person he didn’t raise a hand against when he had the Mark. The person he found humanity in when he was a monster. The one he gripped tight and raised from Perdition.
Castiel’s eyes widen and he looks down at his lap, shaking his head. For the first time, Dean really sees those sharp blue eyes and the mess of curly black hair. For the first time in a while, Dean feels his stomach drop when a blushing Castiel stares up at him with the smallest of smiles.
“Good, because I don’t plan on sharing it with anyone. Except maybe you.” Dean winks, causing his friend to blush more.
Cas must have heard him, must have hummed the words to himself when he sat alone in the dark. He felt Dean’s every prayer, his every emotion. He saw Dean’s soul’s light and heard the steady beat of his heart, and he came home.
Castiel squints, tilting his head slightly. His wings open a little, subconsciously responding to Dean's submissive tone. “I'm what, Dean?”
Dean’s tired of riddles and lies and spinning his wheels. If living like this with his family suits him, if the universe shoved them back together again, it means that he needs to pull his head out his ass. Sam always asked if he’d ever settle down, maybe with someone who knows the life. Who better than his own former guardian angel.
Dean’s first reaction is to laugh, the tent in his undone jeans and longing in his chest proof enough. But the soft look on Castiel’s face stops him. He places a kiss on Castiel’s lips and smiles. “More than okay.”
Dean raises an eyebrow at the stiffness in the cupid’s voice. He holds out a hand to the inside of his apartment. “That I did, Castiel. Please come in.”
Castiel opens his eyes to look down at Dean. He moans while still biting his lip, hips thrusting into Dean’s grip one last time before all the tension crumbles. He gasps for breath, keeping himself up on shaking arms as Dean pulls his hand back. Without fear of hurting Dean’s arm, he collapses onto Dean’s chest. Drowsiness quickly blankets him, soothing his muscles and slowing his heart. Dean pets his hair with his clean hand. He smiles at the fluffed look of the black curls, twirling a lock around his forefinger. Leaning into the soft touches, Castiel hums.
“You’ve made that clear on several occasions, Gabe.” Balthazar looks up at the shorter angel, tugging at one of Gabriel’s primary feathers. “Did you need something?”
Dean wraps a hand around Castiel’s waist, calloused hand sliding over the dimples on Castiel’s lower back. He hums when Castiel shivers, the angel’s back arching to press into his touch. They linger here. Castiel kisses like he flies, certain he won’t fall. The press of lips against teeth softens into a warmer exchange, small strokes of skin against skin that sparkles their nerves.
Dean’s hand freezes and his eyes focus on Castiel’s. He searches the blue for a hint of doubt, a hint of mockery. He finds nothing. Grinning, he laughs, “I think I can fit you in, yeah.”
entire neighborhood. My climax caused a mass short circuit.”
Dean pushes up the sleeves of his sweatshirt. “Damn right. It’s always a good day for pie.”
The priest shakes his head, looking at Castiel again. His eyes are stained red, accenting the green and gold in his irises. Dean smiles mockingly. “This is where I’m supposed to say I found God… that he raised me from perdition. But to be honest, he didn’t.”
Gabriel nods enthusiastically, going up to Castiel and putting his hands on his brother’s shoulders. Gabriel’s bright eyes make Castiel’s wings pull closer to his back with worry and he raises an eyebrow in question.
Dean moans against Castiel’s cheek, a broken syllable of Castiel’s name as he rocks into Castiel’s fist and comes. The angel hums happily as Dean leans into him. His arms wrap around Dean’s waist as Dean lets his head drop to Castiel’s shoulder. They stand together for a few moments, Castiel rubbing circles into the small of Dean’s back and Dean occasionally kissing Castiel’s shoulder, until the water turns cool. Castiel shivers. Kissing Dean’s hair he asks, “Will you come to bed with me?”
Laughter rumbles from the man like a car engine, something warm but distinctly rough. “I can tell. You talk like a Harvard professor. I’m Dean Winchester.”
That was always one of the things that Dean hated and loved about talking with Sam. He didn’t really have to say what he was feeling out loud, Sam just understood from subtle cues.
“Looks like you stumbled upon one of humanity’s other wonders,” Dean says, leaning closer to Castiel as if the statement is a secret between them.
He crashes back against the recliner with a sigh, dragging the sleeve of his sweatshirt over his forehead. He hadn’t had a nightmare that bad since before he met Castiel. Closing his eyes causes the image of Castiel’s glowing wings to come back and he shudders, suddenly cold despite his warm clothes.
Castiel’s grace smiles, light flowing through him again. Baby had gone from being a slow nuisance to an object of his affection. Dean loved the car, and as Cas spent more time with the hunter, he began to love her too. He examines her shiny black exterior, knows her curves and sharp edges as well as he does Dean’s.
Balthazar snorts at Castiel’s words and Gabriel shakes his head. Castiel’s eyebrows furrow at their reactions.
As he settles down, he becomes aware of the drying come in his pants and the lack of light in the room. Nothing seems to be on, not even the street lamps outside. He raises an eyebrow as Cas lets him stand shakily on his own two feet. They still remain in each other’s space, touching everywhere they can.
When no one speaks after the confession, Castiel’s wings move aside like curtains opening. He gazes up at the two angels sitting on his bed and sighs. “I apologize for the sudden unprofessional shift in Dean and I’s relationship. I will continue my duties as his cupid, but politely create some distance between us. I assure you, I can finish my task.”
Since Castiel crawled out of the Empty with his still uncertain grace, Dean noticed how much more human his best friend acted. He drove, ate, laundered his clothes, meditated when Dean and Sam slept, watched Netflix, even showered. Something about this normalcy, this comfort of familiarity, stroked the flame inside the dark cave of Dean’s actual desires. Dean always admired the angel from afar, his alienness and assertion in battle and the way Dean could stop all that divine power with the touch of his palm consumed Dean from time to time. It’s a feeling he knows, one he felt when he first saw Cassie and Lisa, when he found himself eye to eye with another man at a bar and in his bedroom. He couldn’t contain it forever, especially after Castiel fucking died. He suddenly understood the pain John suffered through when they lost Mary, how the longing for blood and bourbon could consume his every thought until he thought he would implode with grief. But this version of Castiel, one that is still so distinctly powerful yet fucks like a human, this is the Castiel Dean influenced. The Castiel Dean rebuilt just as Castiel rebuilt him in God’s faith.
Not Dean Winchester, though. A man warm, sweet as honey whiskey and sharp as a scythe. The older Winchester boy was never once tempted by a moonlit deal with a fae. Not after his father drowned himself in deals and fae liquor. No, Dean lives a simple
Castiel shakes his head, the motion pulling Dean from his thoughts. Cas’s fist clenches around the bottle so hard Dean’s surprised the glass didn’t break. “You don’t understand, Dean. The bonds… they’re getting shorter and shorter. Every potential match leaves you worse off than you are now.”
Dean gently pushes off the ground, causing him to swing back and forth a little. He lightly grips the chains, shaking rust flakes onto the ground. “What’s up, Cas?”
Dean strokes Castiel’s sides as the angel slumps, wings falling about them like a weighted blanket. Castiel whines softly, letting his body fall back against the wall so he can look completely at Dean. Both their hips are tacky with his come, which makes him blush. Dean pants, taking in Castiel’s appearance in a similar manner. The hunter shifts on his feet until the angel takes his hand. Castiel pulls him into his embrace again, kissing him. His tongue presses against the chapped connection between them until Dean lets him in. He traces Dean’s canines, the bone and muscle he built from nothing but his own grace. Dean melts into the gentle hold Castiel has on the curve of his skull.
“Your Bond, Dean. I’m your soulmate.”
“You are stronger than you give yourself credit for,” Castiel whispers, his voice solid to Dean.
Castiel’s undignified snort makes Dean raise his eyebrows as he goes back to eating. “Since my youth, I’ve found my brother’s trickster nature to be quite irritating.”
“I always am!” he yells back, laughing into the wind.
Shaking her hand, Castiel hopes his smile appears polite rather than strained. Jo’s wariness of him causes his wings to tense up. Before he can feel uncomfortable under her curious gaze any longer, Ellen makes a surprised sound. She takes the wine from Castiel’s hand, eyes warm when she looks up.
Eyes wide, lips parted as he pants slightly, Dean is the picture of anxious desperation. Cas can tell he doesn’t want to believe such a ridiculous notion. It couldn’t be that easy. But Cas can feel the tingling power in his palms, in the air. She’s gone. And it’s because he made the decision he did.
“The water must feel amazing,” Dean mumbles more to himself, palm smoothing over a patch of feathers raised in Castiel’s rush to hide himself.
Benny scoffs, pushing around green beans on his plate. “And since when did you become the love expert.”
Castiel looks between Jo and the man sitting behind him and nods. “My apologies. I did not realize. You exchanged pleasantries, so I assumed it was a connection worth looking into.”
“Anything!”
And Castiel rolled his eyes at how flippant Dean was but there was a small smile on his lips. “I never should have doubted the Winchesters,” he murmured.
Dean couldn’t think of an answer for that one. It wasn’t as if he could outright say, “Because I’ve loved you for years and I’m just coming to terms with it myself.” So he instead ran a hand over his face and said, “It just happened.”
From the moment they had met, Dean had been quick to anger especially when Jack was involved. Dean was honest and direct which was a relief to Jack for the most part even when what he said was hurtful (whether he meant it to be or not). But recently things were... different. They weren’t perfect but they had definitely changed for the better. At first Jack had assumed Dean’s good mood had been just about their recent trip to Dodge City but it had persisted afterwards.
Jack felt somehow calmed by Castiel’s answer and glanced at Dean who definitely did not look like the interruption was “okay”. He was swiping at his phone screen as if the device had offended him and his mouth was pressed into a thin line. It was perhaps the most annoyed Jack had ever seen Dean since Castiel’s return. Castiel seemed to notice Jack’s attention was lingering and said, “We’ll let you know if we find anything.”
Dean cast a cold look at Sam. Sam was acting as if his phone was the most interesting thing in the world, completely ignoring Dean’s harassment. That was okay because Sam would be receiving an earful later about this stupid
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said as casually as he could. Their eyes met and Dean felt a blush run across his cheeks and he turned his gaze back to his cup of coffee. “What’s up?”
“I thought I had made it clear before, Cas,” Dean said. “That I can’t live without you, much less be happy if you’re not there. So even though you may have ‘been at your happiest’, I sure as hell wasn’t. When you said....”
Eventually Dean stumbled on a pair of sweatpants that would probably fit Castiel. He held them out to Cas who took them and then held them in front of himself, most likely waiting for Dean to give him some privacy. Dean made no move to look away though and they both stood staring at each other. The earlier fury had faded to a different sort of heat completely. Or it had for Dean at least.
Dean wanted so badly to answer with teeth and tongue instead of actual words. “Yeah, Cas.” he grumbled. He took off his own wet shirt and ran the towel over his chest.
It would need further investigation and it didn’t take long before an opportunity arrived to do just that.
Sam lifted the person from the ground, slinging their arm over his shoulder and Dean came to take the other. Sam looked at Dean, who decided to ignore the meaningful glance. Instead he turned his attention to the person who was clinging to the both of them. What was their name again? It was some name from a sitcom... Something like Jerry? Raymond? Frasier? Dean decided not to gamble on addressing them by any name and just asked, “You good?”
They kissed and the world around them faded away until it was just them. There were no demons or monsters or vengeful gods. It was just two souls that had been dancing around each other for too long until this very moment when they could finally be united.
The bedroom was exactly as he had left it this morning. The bed was unmade and his clothing from the night before was laying on the floor. It wasn’t out of character for Dean to have a messy room but he did wish that he had at least put his underwear away. Dean opened one of the drawers of his dresser and began searching for an acceptable pair of pants for the angel. Castiel stood in the doorway, looking uncomfortable. Which was ridiculous because Cas had been in Dean’s room numerous times before.
“He’s in there with Castiel,” he gestured toward the closed infirmary room. “He’s trying to fix him.”
“Yeah, well this is the last town, Sam. We’re gonna kill these evil bitches. Today,” Dean said, as he put on his suit jacket. “You ready for the song and dance?”
“Uh, a chat? Do you a really think that’s the best idea? He is God after all.”
“If you want to get your cholesterol down and off of bed rest then this is what you need to eat. Speaking of which, when you're done, I want you to rest before you leave so you’re not on your feet too much,” she said in a very demanding yet motherly tone.
Dean was about to argue with him but was cut off by a loud knocking at their front door. “Eat,” he demanded as he walked away to answer the door. When he opened the door, he was dumbfounded to see Becky Rosen standing before him. Not thinking, Dean pulled out his gun that was tucked away in the back of his pants. “What the hell are you doing here?” Dean bellowed. Dean was in full on hunting mode.
Sam chucked. “It’s good to know that my poker face is still strong.”
They did the FBI song and dance and before they got out the car Sam gave him a new FBI identity badge. “What’s this?”
And everything moved incredibly fast after that moment.
He ran the moment through his mind over and over again. It had barely even been a kiss. Just a peck. It had all happened so fast but Dean was able to drag those seconds into a full movie inside his head. Why had he kissed him? It wasn’t as if Castiel had been in the worst situation of his life or anything. He had seen Castiel beaten, bruised and literally blown up into pieces in front of him. There was no good excuse for what he had done. And, even if it had been a life threatening situation, that wasn’t a reason to kiss him. He wished he had just kissed Castiel’s cheek, his forehead or just his hair. But now the feeling of Castiel’s lips were forever in his memory and Dean felt himself heating up at the thought.
They began to move together. Dean placed his lips around one of Castiel’s nipples and Castiel moaned, still sensitive from earlier. He writhed on Dean’s lap, trying to find the perfect angle that he had achieved earlier with his fingers. He looked so incredibly obscene and Dean tried to be patient for Cas to find the spot but couldn’t resist moving his hips up a couple of times. Castiel’s whole body shook and the sound that he made was like nothing Dean had ever heard him make before. It was a rough sound that came deep within Cas but it sounded so vulnerable and soft. Dean felt privileged to be able to hear it. He also selfishly wanted to hear more of it.
He then disappeared again and Dean had a brief moment of wondering whether he could shovel the dinner into his mouth fast enough that he could finish and leave. However Sam came back just as Dean managed to find the burger that was his amongst the napkins and plastic cutlery.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Do you wanna talk—?”
“Morning, Jack,” Castiel greeted.
Once the bathroom door had closed behind Sam though, Dean knocked his knee against Castiel’s and had a look on his face that Jack had never seen before. His eyes were dark and he had an almost playful smile on his lips. Slowly, he leaned close to Castiel, whispering something in his ear, and the angel’s eyes appeared to glaze over as he listened. They were seated so close to one another despite having quite a bit of space on either side of them and Jack had never known Dean to not be sprawling all over any space he was provided. Dean moved a hand onto Castiel’s leg, resting it on the inside of Castiel’s thigh and the angel’s mouth parted as his breathing became heavier.
“That’s not what I’m talking about, Dean.” Sam said.
“C’mere,” Dean said as he sat on the bed, leading Castiel by the hand to sit on his lap. Castiel placed a knee on either side of Dean’s thighs and Dean could feel Castiel’s dick bump against his stomach. With calloused hands, Dean took hold of Castiel’s erection and gave a solid pump. Castiel made a strangled noise and dropped his forehead onto Dean’s shoulder.
is still the one who Dean has to listen to and obey.
“I’m not really all that sure, but just unhappy. Uhm.” He thinks of how Castiel was gone for his business trip and how his tie was gone as well. And how Dean only got a kiss emoticon when Castiel was drunk. And how Castiel spent so much time with Mr. Roche, but not with Dean. How Dean had to deal with Mr. Adler and all this work all by himself. “Sad,” he says, before he elaborates in a small, honest voice, “lonely.”
Castiel finally blinks at him then, brows furrowed and eyes narrowed into a squint. He looks like it’s too early in the morning for him to fight, which is too bad because now that Dean is here, he will have to get used to it. After all,
Dean smiles back, a genuine warmth relaxing him, making all those doubts and questions that plagued him throughout the day slowly melt away. It’s surprisingly easy like this, to take a sip of his drink and roll that name around in his head first, then over his tongue, testing it out. “Castiel,” he says, and both smile. “Well, I guess you already call me by my first name, but yeah, Dean.” He laughs weakly at himself.
“Yes.” Castiel kisses a unhurried line up the side of Dean’s face, right over his eyes and then his lids, leaving Dean no other choice but to let them flutter closed again, if only for the moment. When he blinks them open again, it’s to find Castiel’s softly smiling face in front of his own. “Let me help you, Dean. It’s work that needs to be done for me in any case, and I distracted you from it, so it is only right that I help you with it.”
“I loathe seeing you without the necktie I gave to you, Dean. If you allowed me to, if any tie would do to quench your need to be seen as collared, I would give you enough to last a year, a lifetime.”
Even then, it’s not as if Castiel hasn’t taken care of him – they spent a wonderful night and morning together, the exact kind Dean thinks other people would think of when describing their perfect Saturday night and Sunday morning with their partners, with however they want to share their lives with. Just boundless and tender happiness. Which might have been the exact reason for why Dean had been about to drop in the first place.
Dean murmurs, hot and breathy, only recognizing his mistake when both hands dig into where they are supposed to be petting him. “Yes, sir,” he is quick to correct himself, and the hands let up again, resume their caressing.
(That one time, Dean had hooked up with a guy he occasionally crossed paths with, and they didn’t even scene or anything, just fucked roughly every now and then, whenever it struck their fancy. But after they were done, the guy always rolled off Dean, got dressed, didn’t even tell him goodbye and pretended to barely know him whenever they saw each other again.)
and that I only share with my husband, who supports me and loves me and makes me feel so good and…” Although the Christmas tree is the only source of light in the room, Castiel can still see the tears shimmering in Dean’s eyes. “So, yeah, I’m lucky.”
“not ‘seemingly’,” Castiel corrects, “there were none”
“I guess,” Dean agrees.
this sweater.”
” He gestures vaguely towards himself.
It’s easily the softest piece of clothing Dean has ever run the tips of his fingers over, easily the most valuable thing he has ever touched. There’s no label on it, nothing to suggest that it was bought in a store, however upscale a shop would have to be to even offer something as beautiful and precious as this. But it’s also impossible that this was bought at a lesser store or even second-hand, so it–
“We have been in here for half an hour now,” Castiel says, and as much as Dean believes him, he wouldn’t be able to tell if it has been indeed half an hour now or if it have been five minutes or five hours instead. The time in here, that warm and calm bliss, feels as eternal as it feels fleeting. “We should probably get out soon and go to bed.”
And surprisingly enough, despite the haze of alcohol, there is determination and lucidity in his blue eyes.
“I think just because you
Cas keeps on smiling and presses a small kiss to the tip of his nose. And maybe Cas is just weird or something, because that must be really gross in that moment. Maybe he’s just generally gross, maybe that’s why he says stuff like that to Dean, seems to want to touch his undesirable body.
Before Dean’s tender cheeks meet with Castiel’s crotch or the couch though, Castiel rolls him to the side and off of him, making sure that the only parts of Dean touching anything are the left side of his body, head and shoulder hips and the length of his left leg. Like this, the sheet also doesn’t brush against Dean’s lotioned up skin, and Dean sighs softly.
And slowly, all the yoghurt and berries are gone and only Castiel’s bowl of cornflakes is left. And Dean, as honest as Castiel has told him to be, acknowledges that he’s still hungry – and Castiel apparently still is, too – so Castiel offers to share his bowl with him. Which they do.
Dean gulps. And there it comes creeping in, that almost too hot and not hot enough, cradling and shaking and fulfilling feeling that he wants to ride on, that he wants to enjoy to the fullest. Enjoy
“You don’t need to do that.”
“What I mean to express is, asking you to become my submissive was already highly unprofessional and an absolute exception to my usual conduct; I’m not in the habit of mixing work and pleasure.”
“Dean,” Castiel just rumbles out in reply, but he doesn’t sound put out or dejected or anything at all, maybe a tad sleepy. Maybe even pleased. He turns around where he sits, his face still sleep-dumb and his eyes blinking so slowly, they might as well stay closed for another nap, but there’s no trace of anything bad-meaning on his features. He doesn’t look like he wants to shoo Dean out of bed and out of his life – instead, there’s a slow smile spreading on his lips as he takes Dean in, his body that’s still covered by the blanket and the pajama Castiel lent him, all of him probably looking just as warm and messy as Castiel does. Castiel also takes in Dean face, still twisted in anxiety. And frowns at that.
Dean wants to turn away and scream, maybe, to call bullshit and tell Cas to leave. But he doesn’t. Because Cas’ fingers are scratching his scalp, are making him feel safe and good, and despite whatever crap is going through Dean’s mind right now, has been going through for such a long time, or maybe exactly because of this crap, he needs this right now. Maybe he will lose those gentle hands and that slew of kind lies soon enough, but in this very moment, one second away from crying, all he wants is to be loved.
“Evidently not enough,” Castiel says, and he sounds irritated. Not at Dean though, but most likely at himself.
it, yet it still does not appear as a threat, but as a deep green anchor atop the oak and beside the neat stacks of papers.
whatever gentle shit Castiel says and does to him on any regular day, but today is no such day. Today is when Castiel should hurry up, just push into him and get it over with, so that Dean can get used to being fucked again.
Instead of giving Dean a command or pulling him into his lap, Castiel slowly looks up his body, making no attempt to hide that his gaze lingers particularly long on Dean’s erection now -- through which he easily ascertains that it will stay hard and nice for him for as long as he keeps looking -- and on his lips. It is only once he has checked over all of Dean’s body that he searches for his gaze, his blue eyes drawing Dean’s in.
Cas, though, doesn’t pull his hand away even when Dean must be making a face at him. Maybe he knows that that only would make it worse, that despite himself, to be touched is what Dean needs right now. And not just right now, but constantly.
“And to make my way into the kitchen then,” Castiel thankfully continues. “I am not an early riser, as you know.” Which Dean, as his personal assistant and the unlucky one who has to interact with Castiel when he’s still tired and grumpy in the morning, of course does. It’s also something Dean should have taken into consideration right away, instead of jumping to a conclusion that would make any early-blooming teenaged girl roll her eyes at him. Charlie would probably laugh at him if she knew of his angsty good morning moment.
Regardless of whichever small way Novak chooses to reward him for his efforts, it is always accompanied by warm feeling spreading in Dean’s tummy. It has him smile and puff up his chest a little bit, because if
“No, I know,” Dean says, encouraging himself by looking at Castiel and his warm blue eyes and open face, “I know you won’t hurt me.”
And yet, he has to try, at the very least. Castiel has asked him to do something, so he should follow. He knows that Castiel wouldn’t ask anything of him that he truly believes Dean incapable of, which means that he must think that Dean can do this. That he has faith in him. And if Castiel has faith in him, then that is all the faith Dean needs.
The opportunity for which arises when Sam storms out of the room in a huff and an avalanche of scornful words and with throwing his hands in the air. Because when he does, all the anger and will to fight appears to just leave Dean’s body, making him appear deflated and sad as he caves in on himself.
sensations they are.
package hidden in his pants. Dean allows himself to stare for a moment, strangely flattered by the effect their little kissing session has had and still has on Cas. The effect
and Castiel, sitting himself close enough to gaze at freckles on ashen skin and to take in Dean’s scent, is waiting, too. indeed, for the very same thing as the priest: for the ceremony to start
who may take it away from you.”
“Because you always tell me what’s wrong whenever you are suffering.”
“No, Cas, please, I–” The need to have this is overwhelming; but especially the need to have this
The man in front of him smiles, but it’s flat, lacking any real humor. He doesn’t look satisfied, and Dean’s not really sure why; he’s got a good deal, after all, haggled his price down from the three-hunred for the night Dean usually tells himself he insists on. He always gets less, but not as little as right now. So the guy doesn’t have anything to complain about, what with the bargain he’s making. Except maybe about Dean – maybe he’s not completely satisfied with what he sees, what he’s taking, in more way than one.
(such as that time right before the war, when Dean was gone without any explanation, and only came back when it was already too late. yes, that very time that his people still think he was wandering through the lands, drunk and drunken on whatever and whoever, his body as loose as his morals, as his loyalty. for he only returned when it must have been safe, when there was nothing left to drink or to fuck. that time that he might never be forgiven for - despite his protests, despite what he claims to have been an abduction. no fine prince, that Dean. and an even unfiner king)
The sudden and hot flush of embarrassment that goes hand in hand with these words has Dean drop his gaze, to concentrate on fumbling with the frozen toast package instead.
“With you, yes,” Castiel says truthfully, earning a chuckle from Dean, and, impossibly, an assenting nod. “And afterwards, I wish to take you home with me.”
“Dean,” Castiel slurs out, much to his surprise finding himself to be more affected by the alcohol than he had assumed.
In any case, he must have been truly abuzz for long enough that Castiel had time to manhandle him, to have put him on his back and position himself above him. Because the next thing Dean is acutely aware of is blue eyes fixated on his face, one hand caressing his tummy softly and in a stark contrast to the other hand that is striping Castiel’s cock, almost aggressively, almost
Approximately five minutes after locking all the doors and turning off the lights, they give each other a quick and merely waved ‘See you in a few’ in the underground garage, mindful of any security cameras or passers-by, enter their respective cars and then leave the garage in a slow and proper fashion. Both of them heading into the direction of Castiel’s apartment.
And that’s how Dean finds himself sinking on the most comfortable couch he ever sat on, green necktie loose around his neck, full to the brim with all of the food Castiel had made for him, sluggish and buzzing with something close to happiness. Castiel just smiled at him when Dean first sat down on the couch and let out a surprised yelp and the a moan as he immediately sank into the cushions, and then he left the room to get something he wouldn’t say.
“–or secretary and superior,” Castiel concludes with a small smile that is more than verging on smug, and he must think himself very clever.
And Dean almost lets out a soft little moan again. This time, not because of the soft cushions.
But it doesn’t matter because his plea has worked and there’s strict hands on him again, and a stiff tongue inside, and it feels so
Because it might be that not all is lost yet, for neither of them. Neither soul nor sanctity. Dean’s own lips give reason to hope for that, as they betray the verisimilitude of his own words: no wolf could give kisses as soft and sweet and sacrilegiously sacred as he does, only a lamb.
And Dean can’t help but laugh weakly at that. “‘Real catch’, huh?”
“Yes.”
Castiel looks at him as if he’s one moment from saying something like ‘I hope you know these are the very basics of any BDSM relationship’ and all those things Dean has learnt by now, but still has never experienced applied to himself; that rift between knowledge and experience is still too big for Castiel’s treatment to be anything other than a pleasant surprise. Thankfully, Castiel doesn’t give him some lecture on kinky conduct, but just accepts Dean’s compliment.
was what Michael had promised, a quick finish to something that is necessary, like pulling the thorn out of stinging flesh, but it is not what happened. if the situation before, between that last war and the current one, was bad already, then what it is now is terrible. not enough food, for no one but royalty, not enough clean water. all the people are being fed is empty speeches and only more violence, stories of how the Winchesters are one second away from giving up, how there can be nothing but victory for Michael,about how the Winchester king has already fallen and the crown prince, the cowardly and promiscious one, has no chance of leading his country into nowhere but its own perdition
and i'll reply to all of your comments on the previous chapter soon, i promise!
It feels weird and not like he is allowed to to just wander through this unfamiliar apartment, but Dean supposes that he will have to get used to it. That this is where were he lives now. Though maybe not for much longer, possibly only for the time being; if Castiel’s heeds that social worker’s advice, they probably won’t stay much longer here, or at least not long enough for Dean to get used to this place. To the white wallpapers and sparsely furnished rooms and books about law as much as about bees strewn all over, to the lack of homeliness and of a hand that knows how to transform a house into a home, into a comfy nest.
Castiel remained silent for a while, probaby mulling over Dean’s words. Then, he made a quiet sound of assent. “You do,” he agreed evenly, “feel responsible for everything.”
It goes even better than he thought it would. Charlie squeals and hugs him, and thanks him for telling her. He feels nothing but pleased when they sit on the couch and play video games afterwards, their bellies full of pizza and beer, and he doesn’t feel the need to hide anymore how handsome he finds Geralt.
All Dean can do is pant and softly circle his hips to catch the outline of Castiel’s cock against his own, taking pleasure in its thickness and how it’s straining in a way that almost seems begging to be freed.
And Dean feels the heat licking at his mind, assumes that the very same heat must be licking at Castiel, too, to have him say things like these, which seem to move beyond the now already, take steps towards something that Dean is sure isn’t what Castiel could mean. What he could imply
“I need you, too,” Castiel promises between kisses, and Dean feels the same warmth rising within him as the first time Castiel said it,the first time he ever returned the sentiment, against all hope. “But you have to tell me if it becomes too much. I don’t want to hurt you, Dean. I only want to bring you pleasure.”
Because as he groans with an acute sense of loss and rolls onto his side to sit up and take in more than his bleary eyes can spot at first glance, he suddenly becomes aware of the slumped figure sitting on the edge of the bed, head in his hands and his back turned towards Dean. He looks dejected from the back, the very picture of regret.
“How else would you like me to put it?” Castiel deadpans; this is not the first time they have been having this kind of discussion, after all.
Dean faintly thinks he can hear Castiel laugh when the next stinging pain comes, followed by the next, followed by one after that, as well as followed by desperate count of “Eight! Nine! Ten!”
Because it’s true – that’s all there is until now. Sure, Castiel has told him what else there is to come, but they are not there, not yet. It’s okay to let Castiel do this without putting up the fight he thought he would, right? Or does it make him
“The best,” Castiel assures him.
It looks displaced there, on the sheets that would need the caring hand of a housekeeper or a less dismissive attitude of the head of the house and his guest. Like it would be at a more fitting place in a period drama or in one of those really sensual and expensive erotic films. Simply not here, air-dried and against the background of a well-used and messy bed. And yet even then, Dean knows it will look even more displaced on his body.
Dean expels a heavy breath, a broken moan, the grip of his hand tightening around his cock, dripping in its plea for more. In
“I will support as much of your weight as possible. You won’t have to do anything but lie back and let me carry your lower body on my legs. If we see that this position doesn’t work for us after all, we can still choose another one. Such as having you lie on your side and having my head between your legs.”
calls out to him, the faithful ringbearer, with a smile. so Castiel does how he meant to, and he steps forward, with a smile of his own, one that only grows all the more when he catches the gaze of his beautiful Dean. and there’s something in his eyes that is neither even hope nor expectation, simply recognizition, as if Dean is simply glad that he won’t be all alone in this hell, that there is someone there who he must remember to have been tender with him, someone who has let him sleep and cry in his arms, someone who might be his companion once more
And written on Cas’ face are the exact same emotions as Dean feels inside himself: relief, wonder, admiration, need, something
The lady sighs, but not in annoyance, but in what must be resignation, maybe hope. “I will see what I can do.”
So, Castiel meticulously begins to cover the back of Dean’s neck with kisses, each one of them placed with such apparent thoroughness that Dean knows he must be trying to catch all of his freckles again. He is fine with that, though, because beside his freckles, Castiel takes care not to leave out any of his sensitive spots, too. He lavishes them with his tongue, wet and almost too much, and uses his spit as a means to tightly seal his lips against his skin, painfully so, and sucks flaming marks into it.
there. For a man who should know better now, but apparently– doesn’t.
But he does not pull out or away, just freezes as he is, at least with his lower body, hips stilling. His hands, though, gently stroke along Dean’s trembling sides, and his lips press an apologetic kiss between Dean’s shoulder blades.
After that, they do nothing but sit in silence for a few moments, first having to process their achy, tired bodies and that
Dean gasps immediately and sucks his belly in, and Cas’ gaze sweeps up to him, assessing and patient. His fingers remain where they are, playing with the hem of his shirt, teasing under it with the tips of his fingers, and despite how awkward and tense Dean feels right now, he still can see how Cas’ eyes blossom into black that bit more, darken in heady promise.
Dean’s breathing, his whole world, stops for the span of a few seconds.
“Good,” is all Castiel has to say, yet his body speaks louder for him, tells Dean a lot about this moment and the ones that came before it, about how much Castiel enjoys all of this too,  with help of the thick bulge teasing against Dean’s tummy.
But, of course, Cas is never one to simply let those strange moments pass by in silence.
Castiel stays with them during the night, just like Dean asked him to. What’s more, he keeps to the edge of the bed, leaves the wide space of his mattress to the boys, still trying to provide them with what he thinks they need.
And, accompanied by the uncoordinated attempt of a kiss, Castiel just laughs into Dean’s shoulder.
“Yes.”
“Of course not,” Dean says, internally rolling his eyes. Because he would say that, if he didn’t already know that it would be for nothing. Although it is what he meant to imply. “I would never.”
— this Alpha is. He does not know the reason for it, but inside his heart, he recognizes the loving aura of whom he prayed to all those years. “I— why am I…? You can, you can see what I am,” he murmurs bitterly, lowering his gaze to show what it is that he is talking about, his whole shameful body; though the skin of his face and what Castiel might have seen from a first glance should already be answer enough.
“Yeah, right,” Dean snorts.
“It is not ugly; it is as radiant as the sun.”
Dean snorts even as he reciprocates the pecks and nips, and it is lovely to kiss lips that smile, to have Dean trusting and pliant in his arms again. “Confident.”
“You deserve all of this, and even more.”
And when Cas works his index fingers between the two cocks and presses it up and down, massaging the sensitive organs almost painfully, he confesses, “Once I understood that I wanted to take you to bed, I thought my longing was shameful and debauched, that someone as full of light and goodness and purity as you are could only ever by sullied by the touch of the likes of me.”
Well,
"Do you accept my claim?" Castiel’s lips wander downwards, to where his hand rests against Dean’s neck, and he presses a small, promising kiss to the intimate spot reserved for the mating bite. "Do you grant me the honour of becoming my mate, my Omega, my complement and equal?"
He realizes then, with Castiel getting up from the mattress and the ripple of the movement softly swaying Dean where he still waits for Castiel’s warmth and cradling hands to return, that despite his intentions to remain distant and accept that their little arrangement will be short-lived and meaningless, he’s also emotionally invested. He’s already hooked.
Throughout the years, Dean has endured the mockery and the staring and the way the other Omega servants toss soap and clothes at him in the bath, make jokes about his crotch and the whole of his body and tell him thoroughly of his flaws. He has endured because he was lucky to at least still be alive, because he has rather had his skin dyed with blue colour for a week and his vestments cut and every part of his body shamed than work at the Red House. He knows that if he is already being treated like this among temple servants, only the most vile and perverse people would pay money to lay with him. In the temple, he knows that he is fairly safe, at least, but he would not want to know what could happen to an orphan and desperate Omega who sells his hideous body if he left the temple behind.
Which was easy enough. All he had to do up until now was undress and put on a bathrobe. “I have barely even--”
It feels shameful to say this, embarrassing to boot, but it is the truth. Alphas are not meant to support and desire other Alphas – they shouldn’t want to build deals and companies and homes with them, but strive to destroy every little piece of what they are. And however abnormal fucking another Alpha might be, it is not completely unheard of. Longing for them beyond that, though, wanting to hold and kiss and sweetly praise them until they are nothing but soft smiles and even softer gazes, that is sick. It is wrong, and perverted.
“C’mon,” Dean appeals, “I rubbed up against you even though never gave me permission to, I Yellowed for no reason at all when I lost my cool there in the middle, I, uhm, overdid it when you were blowing me for that first time, I demanded stuff like being allowed to see your face and that you kiss me and all that. I was pretty sub-par at best.” Dean knows all of these things to be true, knows them to be
“Uhh.” The question takes him back a bit because –
It doesn’t take more than five minutes until Dean has to step into Novak’s office, of course, as he will have to present him with the schedule of the day and give him a short overview of what will be to come next week. Novak ignores him for a few minutes, first finishes the email Dean knows to be going to the CEO, and only once he has done so, does he turn towards Dean, eyes unerringly on his, his hands and expression open, his undivided attention on him.
Good. The best.
Cas doesn’t look at him like a complete dumbass for this non-explanation, and for that, Dean is grateful; though it does nothing to temper his urge to surge forward and to kiss Cas, to show him his thanks for being so nice to a failure like Dean with his lips and teeth.
How many times has his drops been out of shame for what he has allowed to be done to him and how many times for out of utter humiliation for what he has allowed himself to
Novak’s gaze keeps resting patiently on Dean. “A date, if you so will.”
you did,” Castiel sighs, and his eyes look fond, “holding you for as long as you need it, and checking in later on as well, to assure that you didn’t drop.”
“Please,” Dean croaks out again.
“You messaged me often enough. Also, I, of all people, would know how much you’ve had to do this week and with your business trips. I arrange your appointments and schedule your meetings, after all.”
(maybe not in this chronology; Castiel isn’t certain)
“Now,” Dean starts, letting the warm wave of anticipation and safeness wash over him, the corners of his mouth raising up into a small grin, “do you have any more of those cornflakes left?”
He wants Castiel close and kissing him, sending him cute messages and asking him how he’s feeling, staying late after work to help him or make him come undone. After all, if Castiel already offers all of this on a silver plate, Dean isn’t strong nor selfless enough to decline, and he would be downright dumb to do so. He wants this.
They don’t see each other for lunch. Instead, Castiel goes to lunch with Balthazar Roche, the attractive head of a recently extremely successful upstarting company that Sandover intents to do business with, just like Dean has scheduled for him.
So yeah, not happening. Dean knows it won’t, keeps reminding himself of all these reasons as for why, and goes on about his work. Because he won’t lose another job to this kind of stuff, be it breakdowns or fantasies. He’s got both feet planted on the ground these days, in his budding career, and that’s the only thing that should be on his mind right now. The only thing that matters. Also, it’s not like that side of himself didn’t get catered to, in a softcore version, with all those nice things Novak does or says in return, already giving him much more than he ever received or deserved, so whatever.
And despite his embarrassment and the little vestiges of heterosexuality Dean pretends to cling to, he does. He doesn’t even muster up the protests or excuses he knows he should be making up, the ways he should try to defend that he most definitely
Castiel’s hands only leave Dean once he mumbles out a soft assent of, “Hm-hm.” And although Dean misses Castiel’s touch and warmth as soon as they are gone, the lovely view of Castiel’s retreating figure at least partially makes up for it.
(and this might very well be true, Castiel supposes. with what is left of Dean’s country being too weak and starving to fight, and with him nothing but a beautiful child that has not yet learned how to conduct a war, they stand no chance. they will fall, sooner or later. and Michael, after it’s almost ‘later’ already, decides that it is too soon and yet not late enough)
Castiel has never been to an actual mall before, so the amount of things to see and hear and eat and especially buy is overwhelming. And very fascinating. In his time of watching the earth and all its humans, he has come to see people dress in the most colourful and most extravagant of fashions, of course, but up until now, he has seldom had the chance to be up close to so many different fabrics, fashions and cuts before.
“Wrong,” Castiel says gently, and as slow as his steps. He only resumes speaking once he has reached a confused Dean, who only backs away half a step, but otherwise doesn’t deny Castiel this closeness. Castiel smiles. “There is always an obligation, regardless of where you have found your play partner, how long you have known each other or what you did during the scene. It’s always the job of the Dominant to take care of their submissive. As it is the job of the submissive to take care of the Dominant. We take care of each other. Because if you allow someone to take pleasure in your body, the very least they have to do is to help you clean up and make sure none of their
Just because Dean craves any of that right now, it doesn’t give him permission to try and take it.
Castiel sighed, the warmth of the spoken name not just in Dean’s heart but also on his skin. “Do you have any idea what it felt like to see you like that?”
“Not sure if I can,” Dean slurs out.
Dean whips around, having been to lost in his thoughts to have noticed him. His heart beats a bit faster at Castiel’s voice, too unused is he to suddenly having a person that is neither Sam nor his dad creep up on him, in whatever space he may have claimed as his nest just now.
Dean wants to squeak right along with his office chair that is now carelessly pushed away and hitting against the edge of his desk, disregarded. What’s of much bigger importance is Castiel jerking Dean up, so that his bowlegs are properly around Castiel’s waist and his arms around his neck and his gaping mouth close to Castiel’s.
“Good.” For the first time today, there is the hint of a smile playing around Castiel’s mouth. He reaches for the cupboard that Dean knows to be filled with his assortment of honey and, with a confident motion, takes one out. Dean doesn’t know if there’s any difference between the types of honey, whether there’s a reason for why Castiel decided on this one without apparently thinking twice on it, but asking would also be really lame. He would honestly be embarrassed for himself if he just went out and asked, ‘Hey, how do you choose the right kinda honey from your big-ass collection?’
“No,” Castiel says simply, definite. “I have told you what I will do, and this is also what will happen. I will take all the time I want and kiss all of your body first before my lips will touch your length or any other beautiful, intimate part of you that I have yet to explore.” Despite the sharper tone of his voice in the beginning, it becomes mellows out as he goes on, and the look on his face has Dean wonder if he may be fantasizing about it, about which else of his ‘beautiful’ parts Castiel will get to see. “Right now, I want to touch and kiss your belly, and I will do so for however long I please. Unless there is something you need to tell me.” He squints at Dean, thoughtful. “What is your colour?”
(He wonders if Castiel might stay late on Monday, too, just to check if his marks are still where they are supposed to be. And if they are already fading, will he take his time to renew them? Will he pull Dean into his office again and push him onto the couch and make him beg for more?)
“Alright,” Castiel says, with his voice going up at the end there a little, making it almost sound like a question. He just looks at Dean somewhat strangely, maybe even calculatingly, and then ticks off the No next to Stuffing and the No next to Weight Gain. And puts a little question mark next to it. Dean doesn’t comment on it.
Out of a reflex, he is already grabbing beneath his pillow, looking for a weapon that is not there, and when he looks up in the panic that always swamps him with being unarmed and vulnerable, he stiffens out of a completely different reason than before.
for him. Before, during, after. Simple as that. No abuse and no abandonment. Just play. Just good, old-fashioned kink.
Also warning for Dean's minor food issues
(maybe he owes Dean to never have him see his face again, but he isn’t sure, tries to convince himself that this is the right path to take. much more than what is being said about Dean, the true coward is Castiel. like a princess from some trembling, heedless tale, he doesn’t dare to act without his beloved’s blessing, or at least without a last glance upon him. the first angel of many on the journey that he will be send onto soon enough)
Even though it feels like it is, this isn't his first rodeo.
this is. How good it feels, how this is just for him, just for them. Dean giving up his butt and any lasting pride to have Castiel tan his ass.
So Dean dreads the new year. Dreads that with the first day of it, the priestess will not be kind enough to waste the temple’s silver and space on him, and — for her own good name and despite her mercy — will banish Dean from the temple grounds. He will own nothing but his robe and his deformed body, and through the cold winter air, he will make his way down the mountain, to the outskirts of the farthest village, to the Red House, and come to serve there. Yes, he trembles and cries when he thinks of it at night, and the other servants mock him with the future everyone knows will be true for him, but he will endure. He will not hang himself from the highest tree he finds, he will not dive into the sacred tide, only to never come up again, he will not let himself be ripped apart from the patrons in the Red House. He has to live, for his family that could not, and it does not matter whether his knees are shaking and his eyes are overflowing.
Dean hears himself swallow. Which the angel seems to take as a cue.
"To take you with me, for that you may watch over these lands from your proper seat, the one that is right beside me."
The lack of his green necktie feels all the more prominent and almost aching when Castiel and Roche come back after lunch, obviously in good spirits and with a hint of something very pleased in Castiel’s eyes, both taking a quick glance at Dean and then go back into Castiel’s office, where they stay for almost an hour. Dean can’t see inside because the blinds are closed – as they have been all day, so all he can do is wait. When they finally step out again, both of them seem even happier than before and Roche is laughing where Castiel is blushing.
“Oh, I mean it, too. You know me, padre, I’m always good for a lil quickie or an Old Fashioned. Just say the word, and–”
Novak’s eye linger on Dean’s neck tie once more, and when he blinks up, his expression is serious.
No, no way. Still, he won’t call Novak out on niceties – he’s not a child, after all, and won’t get angry when someone valiantly tries to be kind. Even if the words ring untrue. “You look good, too. Really refreshed and, um, good.”
”Can you, uhm, touch me a little?” Dean asks, squirming. Maybe he could have worded that a bit better.
“Every part of you is so wonderful,” Castiel sighs and kisses along a little path that makes Dean wonder whether he is following the line of a few freckles on his butt. “I know you work hard for your body, doing all these diets and exercising a lot, but even without that, I am certain you would look excellent.” He traces his thumb along the crack of Dean’s butt, just teasing and not even dipping inside, and then follows the path of his thumb with his lips and nose.
Dean leans into the broad hand, despite himself, and dreams of living with this man.
“It is also the least I can offer after you were so incredible for me,” Castiel whispers.
Going by Cas’ actions, he probably does. Because unlike Dean, he is brave and moans into their kisses and lets his lips wander all over Dean’s lids and jaw and throat, only to come to a halt at his collar. And he tugs it down, just enough to expose Dean’s collar bones and to place little kisses there, so soft, as if Dean wouldn’t have to expect him to suddenly suck and mark him there any moment. But Cas holds back, or maybe waits, at least on this part of Dean’s torso, whereas with his hands, he strokes down Dean’s sides and his hips (his
“You already have my private phone number,” Castiel says between sips of his sweet drink. Without Dean really taking notice of it, he too has finished his burger by now. “It might be easier if we just agreed that you give me your answer via phone as soon as you reach a decision.” He puts down his glass and smiles soft, almost shakingly. Dean frowns. Does he expect him to reject him?
Dean can hear heavy panting and small whines and can see everything around him shifting and turning, and he thinks it might only be him whose world is rocking, up and down and yet never so far as to have lost its roots, as much as it might be him who’s panting and whining and hiccuping through his tears. But he’s not sure, is not quite there. Is floating instead.
Dean,” Castiel breathes out with a shudder, and this very breath hits Dean’s sensitive skin, the result and heat of what his own words have cause in Castiel. And the next second, there’s something even sweeter than this, not just breath and words, but Castiel’s lips finally sealing wet and greedy over Dean’s hole.
“Yes,” Castiel said easily, “your point was that I should talk about whatever bothers me.”
“Uhm, oh. Kissing is– awesome. Mhm,” Dean says as enthusiastically as possible, hoping that this was Castiel asking for permission before he will be all over him, kissing him as if both their lives depended on it.
“See you almost ripped asunder from those harpies, crying out and yelling my name–,” Castiel faltered, swallowing.
they will have a lot of fun. “Let’s hope this has whetted your appetite.”
“The next one is…” There’s a little crease digging itself between his eyebrows, and he looks at Dean with serious and so goddamn blue eyes. “Dean, I’m sorry, if you might be really interested in this, then I would try to go along with it as far as is possible for me and give you what you want. I am certain that we might find a way, as safe and sanely as we have done everything until now. I believe we can plan and talk about anything. But, I personally have very little interest in the next point on the list, which is consensual roleplay of a non-consensual situation.”
Alright, now Cas is laying it on thick, even for a boyfriend who of course would have to be supportive of his boyfriend.
“It’s not your fault I’m like this,” Dean tries to reassure him.
with fingers digging into Dean’s belly, full and straining because of him, the other hand just playing with his dick, hard because of him, offering nothing but easy caresses, making Dean work for it, making him fuck into his fist, just like he is now, moaning and desperate, head thrown back,
they part ways few days after; in order to make it easier on him and to make him more believable, Castiel should probably have Dean beaten up and look like he was actually abducted. instead, Castiel gives him his finest clothes and grooms him one last time, making him look like a proud Prince returning, not a liar crawling out of the woodwork. they don’t touch and don’t look at each other during their farewell, and Castiel’s heart aches when they have to leave Dean all by himself by the roadside
not anyone else’s, then you should go and show it. Or more like, make me show it.” He slowly tilts his head to the side, baring his throat and the gray necktie, and he’s sure Castiel must be able to see the rushed pulse of his artery, beating against his skin. “With something more permanent than a tie, maybe. Something skin-deep.”
But when Dean looks towards Novak, he doesn’t look impatient at all; he’s still smiling just so, his whole posture relaxed and open, as if he wouldn’t mind waiting for Dean doing something as dumb as ordering his damn food the whole night, as if it’s completely natural for such a simple decision to take forever. It relaxes Dean, too, knowing that Novak wouldn’t belittle him for something like this, making him realize that he hasn’t ever belittled him. (And Dean has been belittled so often already, has been told to take it and suck it up so many times in the past, has made decisions on the spur, without consideration for the decision itself or with consideration from his partners for him, only because they wanted him to, urged him to. And Novak… remains serene, just sits there and keeps his attention on him, waits as if they had all the time in the world.)
“Yes,” Castiel says, and the smile that follows his agreement is maybe not one entirely born out of satisfaction for the situation, but camaraderie. Complicity. If Adler throws down the gauntlet, they will damn well pick it up. “And if Adler is
“None that I could come up with from the top of my head, so I’ll go with No. Though I, uhm, did like the bath we took together. And I liked watching TV and eating some food, and yeah. I’m not sure if any of that would count as a ritual, but maybe we could establish it as one?”
knows that he likes to have his hands bound and butt spanked and all of his control taken away occasionally. ‘Occasionally’ because he lately hasn’t had the chance – or the guts or the trust – to do it regularly. No, but that’s a dumb thought. Partly. After all, Castiel found him out. “And anyway, you guys here always tip well, and I was never once polite to you.”
for him to be so relaxed and easy, unashamed even if he’s naked. Cas somehow manages to make things not as awkward and sexual as they are—
He’s dizzy with it, that moment of madness that is gone almost as soon as it came, with hands that grab Dean’s hips almost painfully and then pull him into a tongue that is already freed from Castiel’s mouth as much as it could be, impossibly long and deliberately stiff, and then Castiel’s pushing inside with it, spearing Dean on the length on it, like Dean asked for, like he
He doesn’t even get a proper grip on it, just accidentally strokes over it in the course of his with his potato pick up motion, over one cheek and to the sensitive center of it, then already off it again.
pleasure, but also Castiel’s. Also Castiel’s cock grazing his thighs and balls through the fabric every now and then, a reminder of his unfulfilled longing. And Castiel’s lips and the corners of his mouth, slick with Dean’s come.
They slowly pull away after a while, with Castiel’s thumb tracing along Dean’s jawline and down to where his pale skin is adorned by his marks, little red and bluish petals all over his neck.
That despite his slip-up, there won’t be harsh hands or an abrupt end to their scene, but that Castiel will still touch him tenderly. That he won’t just discard him after one mistake or discipline him with blows to his belly or genitals to make him see the error of his ways. He will still take care of him and give him another chance, even when Dean barely deserves it.
they grow closer, over time. emotionally, but also physically. Dean stops avoiding Castiel’s touches during bath time, instead leans into them, hungering for any kind of bodily connection, any gentleness in all this, and sometimes he even closes his eyes, his long lashes fluttering, as if in enjoyment. after some time, he is also not bound to a pillar anymore, but allowed to roam the tent at first and then nearby parts of the camp with a chain around his ankles. he is still a prisoner, of that there is no doubt, but he rarely has to behave like one anymore
of all things, for being put over the lap of one of the most attractive men he’s ever met and have him spank and praise him thoroughly.
Yet, he seems to finally understand what Dean wants when Dean fumbles with his shirt and his pants, trying to rid him off of them. Castiel helps him undress him, despite the awkward angles both of them must take to get Castiel’s clothes off without shoving Dean off. It’s worth it for the sight of the bare and sweat-slick skin beneath Dean, for the obvious sign of Castiel’s arousal curved up and hard against his belly.
“I know you would, Dean. You’re a good boy, I told you you are, and I wish I could give you this, everything you could want for.”
So he growls again, darker and more dangerous this time. And he turns his head to the side, so that Dean can see his stern expression and the lust in his eyes – can see how right he did by his Dom up until now, what a good boy he could be.
“And how do you feel about roleplaying?”
Castiel quietly laughs into his kisses, finishing off his work with a clumsy peck to the conjunction of Dean’s shoulder and arm. “I hope so, too.”
He could practically
“Alright,” Officer Novak says. “Listen, you will either have to speak to me or to my colleagues. But I didn’t officially arrest you yet, only took you into custody, for safekeeping. If you have to talk to my colleagues, this will change. They will also want to properly interrogate you and trace your steps and – find out what you won’t say. Right now and then.”
For now, he chooses to remain ignorant. Cas tells him that he is right to do so, that he doesn’t owe anyone an explanation, that he doesn’t need to share this part of him with anyone he doesn’t want to share it with. Dean knows as much by now – in the same way that he knows that there are some people he wants to share it with. Starting with those who thank him for it.
And Dean wants to hide away, ashamed from being seen like this, steeped in his insecurities and shame and self-loathing, but Cas doesn’t let him.
“Yes, please, that would be nice. I mean, I’m, uh, not exactly thirsty right now, but I feel like I’ll be soon.”
“Excellent,” Castiel murmurs, putting one last kiss to Dean’s sternum, where the beat of Dean’s heart must be the strongest, and sits back.
Castiel brushes his hand down from Dean’s side to his bottom, first one cautious time, then a next when Dean doesn’t freeze up or pull away, just chokes out a little breath and pretends not to have felt any touch. Castiel pulls him closer still, as if all of this was is either a very private or a very threatening conversation in an intimate setting instead of Cas trying to grope his butt at a mall.
“Uh, yes,” Dean replies, because it’s true, in a sense. He doesn’t want to pee, but he still needs to
“Yeah, good,” is all Dean replies. And he can feel those pictures in his head fading already, but there’s still a lingering feeling of dread clinging to him, uncomfortable feelings for things that will never happen. Like some real wuss, he can’t quite shake it off, even as Castiel sits right in front of him, his face a mask of concentration as he ticks off the No column, looking like his real and breathing and tender dork self.
“Who put a collar on what? Novak, you got a dog?” Jo’s voice is like a bucket of cold water suddenly spilling over them, running shock through Dean’s bones and making Castiel pull his hand back with a face that Jo doesn’t see but that makes Dean want to bend over the table and let Castiel spank his ass until he’s pleased with the world again.
So, this is nothing new. In fact, the conditions are already way more promising: even though most of the food in this bachelor’s kitchen seems to be severely processed, at least there’s a lot of it. The cupboards are stacked with cans, plastic packages and energy bars, one ominous cupboard even filled with nothing but an extensive assortment of honey, and it’s much more food than Dean has seen in the last few weeks, maybe months even. It would be enough to feed Sammy for a quarter year at least.
“I know,” Castiel cuts in softly and curls a hand around Dean’s wrist. Despite a fine tremor running through his body at the contact, Dean lets him. “Which is why I already appealed to have it changed. The contract that you have received is already obsolete and will not come to pass as you have read it.”
Alright, now he’s going a bit far. “No, I’m not asexual. Far from it. My point was,” he takes a deep breath and looks around again, “that this came kinda out of the blue.“
his mouth again, kissing both of them breathless in their mutual desperation. He only pulls off once their panting becomes too much and keeps them from kissing, and he places his forehead against Dean’s, the meeting skin slick with sweat and rhythmically pulling close and away again with the inexorable movement of their hips.
it because his whole face melts in what Dean knows for a fact to be pity and guilt, but it’s not like he can do anything about it. “What do you want me to do?” he asks, all cautious and open now, far from making his own suggestions about what would be best for them.
“Cas, listen,” Dean began, “I know I’m not exactly the poster child for talking out your issues, but, uhm, I’m trying to do better. And encourage myself and other people to say when they got a problem. Be more open and all that. It’s a bit weird at first, I get it, but it does help.” That flush again, heating his skin. “Me, at least. It makes me feel better. Less alone, I guess. Less responsible for,” he made a throwaway gesture that could only be heard in the room, not seen, “everything, I guess.”
“I couldn’t stop it from being sent to you. No, wait. That’s a lie,” Castiel immediately corrects himself, and Dean tenses even more for a moment, blinks at him with conflicted eyes. “I probably could have stopped it from being sent to you. But as a matter of truth, I wanted you to see.”
words of praise ever since Castiel told him to keep his mouth shut. Wow. Dean would almost be impressed by himself, if he wasn’t so damn disappointed. Because how did he even manage to do that? How can he have forgotten the command that has been given to him within the span of five minutes or less? Just how useless is he?
“I want to help preparing breakfast anyway.”
Dean’s anticipation leaps up higher with every step that he makes forward. Yet, he keeps walking, towards that smile and the unerring and tender gaze on him, to his Dom that is waiting on him, pleased and with the promise of joy in his hands.
“Castiel,” Dean cuts in, not sharp, but with a fond trace of exasperation. “I initiated and was completely on board with what was happening. Believe me, I would’ve been on board with many other things as well.”
–” Dean clenches his eyes shut, because for Cas, former Angel of the damn
And yet, there is is still that cut on Dean’s forehead that is certainly not sullying, but dulling the picture. Because he knows that Dean only received that injury in order to protect him, needlessly drawing attention to himself when Castiel has had his weapon wrung out of his hands. Of course, Castiel knows to see Dean’s willing sacrifice as a sign of devotion and care, as is tradition for the Winchesters, but that does not change that he loathes to see Dean hurt. Even more so if it is in his name and if he can do nothing about it.
“Good. As for me, I need to be able to see after my submissive after a scene Even if you ever wanted to be left alone for some reason, I would need to have a way of being in contact with you and assuring that you are alright at the very least. Though being allowed to share the same room and more touches is preferable. Most of all, I enjoy to kiss and cuddle,” Castiel explains with a deadly serious face, “and your ‘creature comforts’ as well.”
He flinches with the first of the 108 stroke of the bell the priestess tolls, the one that welcomes the new year and bids goodbye to the last. Each stroke makes him wince and shift and fills his heart with dread, because despite his resolution not to break under what the future holds for him, he becomes afraid. His body is untouched, he has no experience to speak of and no one to miss him, so the patrons of the Red House will either find him dissatisfying or a simple toy to do with as they please. They could kill him, and no one would bat an eye, they could tear into him, and his screams would probably be confused with those of lust. And yet, he would still have to be glad if anyone even wanted to touch him at all — because he is hideous and will never find a partner, a mate. The hard hands of drunken Alphas and Betas will be all he will ever know of intimacy and of— of
Dean is glad his cheeks must already be all red and hot from what Castiel tried to do with his tongue just a few moments beforehand, because otherwise, he’s sure he would be blushing just from these words. And it’s not just embarrassment or shyness or anything that makes his cheeks – both pairs – even rosier, but also a wonderful kind of anticipation and joy. “Yes, sir. I can do that. I will be good now.”
“It’s an acting out of rape fantasies.”
That was about as far as he got because with a press of his lips, Dean cut him right off. Despite the shocked little noise that Castiel let out, he kissed back right away, his hand returning to angle Dean’s head to kiss him deeper, taste him wholly.
He swallows visibly, sighs and groans at his own words. “But not tonight; there’s no point in that anymore. For now, I want you to to do this.” Castiel’s hands, the one resting over Dean’s, gently curls around it and pulls it away, turns it around in his grip and grasps into the gaps between his fingers, filling them with his own, palm to palm. Only then does he pulls their interlocked hands down towards their stomachs and between them, where their crotches meet.
“If your questions have to do with that Nephilim that you’re carrying then you’re wasting your time,” she said.
Dean gave him a thumbs up. “Awesome.”
“He’s a grown man, Jody. He can do what he wants.”
It was the next day and Thanksgiving was among them. Dean woke up before his alarm and was excited that his stomach didn’t feel too queasy. He was up before the rest of the household so the bunker was relatively quiet. He. Tip toed to the kitchen to take out the Turkey that had brined overnight. When he took off the foil to rinse the bird the nausea came back. He instantly began to gag and ran to the sink to throw up what little there was left in his stomach. “
The next morning Sam woke up and went straight to the hospital to spend time with her. He also brought some of his clothes for her to wear when they left the hospital. The clothes that she wore in were covered in blood. Back at the bunker Dean cleaned up one of their spare bedrooms to prepare for Becky.
Through the door Dean heard Alex yell, “Could you please not take all of the hot water? Some of us have real jobs to get to!”
Dean squinted at the immediate bright light being shone into his eyes. “How long have I been out?” The last thing he remembered was Claire driving him to the hospital. It must have been a while since his brother had taken the 5-hour drive to Sioux Falls.
“I mean I figured since I’m pregnant, Dean. What exactly are you trying to prove here?”
Dean tilted his head as he thought about it. “Uh, yeah I guess you could call it the flu. I’ve been nauseous mostly, weird food cravings and such. Oh, and super bad migraines.”
“So, give it to me straight, Doc. Is my baby going to die?” Dean didn’t want to dwell on the formalities. If his baby was dying, he wanted to rip the band-aid off.
Dean took a few more breaths before speaking. “It’s just the preeclampsia. It’s triggered by stress. Hey, I have an idea: Let’s save my baby so I don’t go into early labor,” he groaned as he got more comfortable on his bed. He wasn’t going to be standing anytime soon.
Dean winced as he adjusted himself in the passenger seat. “Not into Heaven. Just the gates. I need to talk to an angel there,” he explained. The idea had come to him a few weeks before but it got away from him after his argument with Sam.
Almost three months had passed since Rowena turned Dean back into a man. Hunts had been pretty quiet, which Dean had been grateful for since he caught a nasty bug that he couldn’t seem to shake. It started off as a bad stomach flu and then he would get horrible headaches. After the nausea and the migraines passed, he would have the strangest cravings. Dean was known for eating weird food combinations but this was on a whole new level. For instance, roast beef with cream cheese on a bagel. Although the only symptom that Sam noticed was the nausea and headaches.
Dean was at a loss for words. “Shit Sam. Do you want me to go with you?”
“What? You don’t like it?” she asked, her eyes looking like puppy dog eyes.
Sam stammered, “I-I don’t--because I knew how you’d react! You freaked out when I told you we were friends last year.”
“He’s pregnant!” she blurted out of panic. Dean stopped in his tracks. They then stared at her with confusion plastered on their faces. “Well, I think. I won’t be sure until he takes a test.”
Sam inched closer to his brother and brought him for a hug. He soothingly rubbed his back until he heard Dean’s cries lessen. “I’m not going to let that happen,” he promised his brother. Dean then took his hand lightly cupped his brother's cheek. “I’m sorry for screwing up your face.”
“Of course, Dean. And then I was hoping that we could talk.”
“Why not? I’m gonna die anyway, right?” she said with a sinister grin. She raised her hand threw some magical light towards Dean that threw him against a bookshelf, knocking him out. Sam shot his gun towards both sisters, killing them.
“I know. I know. How did your meeting with Heaven go?” he asked in a whisper. They were trying to keep the pregnancy quiet until Dean was confirmed as pregnant. Getting Heaven to agree to the pregnancy was difficult enough and Dean didn’t want to add on stress to his brother or Becky. They barely slept as it is.
Ruth gave Castiel a suspicious look. She was not buying what he was selling. Dean has told Cas over and over again that he was a horrible liar. “What’s going on, Castiel? The Winchesters are capable of handling their hunts on their own. Why have you really disappeared?”
“Hey, it’s going to be okay,” Sam told her. “It’s fine. What’s one more, right?”
“Don’t mention it,” she whispered back.
Dean nodded and swallowed the bile back down. He waited a second before speaking in fear that it all come back, as well as his lunch. “I’m good. I’m good.” He slammed the jar down. “Ugh, that was awful,” he groaned. “You better hope I’m pregnant because I’m not drinking that shit again.”
“You ate the whole thing.”
Dean blinked and then focused on Jody’s sympathetic smile. “Sorry.”
He had a notepad at his side as he took notes on possible dishes he could recreate. He had his eye on a mac and cheese with maple bacon that looked mouthwatering on the Home and Garden site he was on. “Oh, I’m definitely making that!” he mumbled as he wrote down the ingredients.
Cas laughed alongside him. It felt so good to finally see Dean smile and to know, in that moment, that he was the cause of his joy. “Let’s just get you back to bed. You’re still supposed to be on bed rest,” he reminded him. In response, Dean grumbled as he put his clothes back on.
They ran to the dungeon and all of the angels were crowded around the door, doing what they could to break it down. The room was warded so, the angels couldn’t zap in, which meant neither could Cas. Suddenly Cas got an idea. He used the blood coming out of his wound to create a sigil on the wall. He placed his hand in front of it causing a bright light that encompassed the room sending the remaining angels away. “We need to be quick because they’ll be back,” he said as he ran to the dungeon.
Jody could see that Sam was hurt for more than just a few reasons. “I’ll take good care of him,” she assured him.
Dean’s face fell. “Cas, if they’re coming after my kid--,”
“She’s in stable condition. We will need keep her overnight for observation and we do recommend to have her released to someone close after an attempt. Are we able to release her to you? We also have a few questions to ask you about Ms. Rosen.” The nurse’s voice was very calm and steady.
“If your friend is still sick, you can be there with them. I can see that you’re really worried.”
Dean swallowed hard as he took in the news. It was as if the air was sucked out of the room, creating this dark ominous cloud over it. This was not how he imagined his pregnancy would go. “Um..okay…” Dean trailed. “What if my blood pressure improves? Then can I get off of bed rest?” he asked the doctor, hopefully.
“Break your boyfriend out of jail?” Gabriel finished his sentence. He crossed his arms and stared down at Dean. “Listen, chucklehead, I can’t do anything about Cas or about the vote on the kid that you’re carrying,” he said pointing to Dean’s stomach.
relationship with Cas is the most fucked up of them all,” Everything was beginning to bubble up to the surface.
Cas put his hand on Dean’s chest and slowly pushed him out of the room. “It’s going to take me a while to fix this, and I don’t need any distractions.”
Dean whipped around, forehead glistening in sweat. “Yeah?”
A contraction radiated in his body. Once again, he felt the baby create a crazy amount of pressure. He bore down again without warning. Cas got back into position and instructed Sam to keep pushing. Sam let out a scream as he pushed.
Cas sat up with Dean. “The angels are getting closer into finding out your location. It’s just a matter of time before they figure it out.”
“Hellooo! Everyone thinks I’m dead and I would personally like to keep it that way. I’m not gonna go to heaven to stick out my neck for nothing.”
Sam put on a fake smile, “Great.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Are we interrupting something?”
Dean’s heart was still racing, but he could feel it slowing down. “You scared the shit out of me.”
“What about you? Why did you stop hunting?” she asked.
“Is here. I think I’m gonna keep him around to keep an eye on you.”
They waited a little past the hour before they got Jody on the phone. She rushed over as quickly as she could. When she arrived, she and Sam helped Sam up to put him in a nice warm bath. It was to loosen up his muscles. She also stole acetaminophen from the hospital. She read that doctors will prescribe this pain reliever to pregnant women. It wasn’t as strong as Vicoden, but it would have to do.
On his way from the bathroom, Dean was eager to get back underneath his covers and take a long nap. He was becoming fond of midafternoon naps. When Becky hastily approached him, linking arms with him. “You’re coming with me,” she said, as she steered him in the opposite direction of his bedroom.
Dean was breathless. He couldn’t believe this was happening again. Cas was telling him that he loved him and he couldn’t escape. He had to face his sexuality head on. “Cas—I—this isn’t easy for me.”
“You just asked Becky to move in with you! What are you going to do when the babies grow up? Will Becky still be living with you? What do you think is going to happen when you bring a girl home or want to date someone else? You think she’s just going to be cool with that?” Dean challenged.
Cas kissed lightly kissed him back. “Thank you.”
“Not really. He only spoke to Dean and from my understanding, it was a very short and cryptic conversation,” he explained to Cas.
Jack turned to Sam, “I killed your mother.” There was silence. The air was thick with tension. “I killed a lot of innocent people under your guidance. Allow me to make one thing clear: I don’t want your baby to die, but Cas has put me in a very precarious situation. The angels are prepared to revolt. Start a war if this isn’t handled in a delicate way,” he explained.
Dean dried his eyes with the back of his hand. “Do you mind grabbing Claire? I want to talk to her.”
Dean looked at her sideways. “Are you joking? Thanks to you, he’s a pregnant man. He would be a science experiment if we were to take him to the hospital,” he argued. “He wouldn’t be in this mess if it wasn’t for you,” he seethed.
“Yup,” he said, popping the P.
At this point Dean’s boner was gone and he was too distracted to continue, so he made the decision to get off Cas and take a seat on the bed. “Where is this coming from?”
Dean and Sam spent the next couple of weeks avoiding each other. Very few words had been spoken between the two of them. Dean would help Sam with the twins when he needed it but other than that, they kept their distance.
“Huh? Cas, did you hear what I said? I’m pregnant with our baby?”
Sam shrugged. “Then let’s go shopping.”
Sam woke up with a jolt had instinctively pushed it away. “I’m good.”
Claire and Dean exited the car and noticed a redheaded woman in joggers and a long-sleeved top sitting on one of the benches reading a book. Claire leaned over to Dean and whispered, “Don’t tell me you think this soccer mom is an angel.”
“Oh, don’t pretend you haven’t thought about it.”
Sam quietly nodded, put the groceries in the car and drove him. He really thought that he did a good thing. To stand up to a bully that needed to be knocked down a few pegs. He hated seeing other people picking on Becky. He just wanted her to feel empowered. He didn’t realize that he had overstepped.
“I don’t know, Sam,” she said hesitantly. “I went to a lot of therapy to get over you. If things go wrong--,”
“I wish I had that answer, Sam,” Cas said. He had been wrapping his head around this all day and none of his ideas end well for him, Dean or the baby.”
“It was Cas,” Dean told her. He immediately put his head in his hands. He didn’t want to see Jody’s reaction.
Jack puffed out his chest, trying to look braver than he felt. “I can’t do what you’re asking me to do. I already told the angels that whatever the vote comes to, that I will agree to it. They have my word and as a leader, I think it’s important to uphold those promises.” He sounded as if he recently read, “How to be God for Dummies”. But there was still a little uncertainty to his voice, which the room picked up on.
Dean let his hands roam all over the former angel as if it was the first time touching him. It had been too long. Cas had also enjoyed himself exploring Dean’s body. Caressing his bump where their baby resided. Soon their romantic kissing began to heat up. Dean was pressing harder up against Castiel. Castiel pushed back and had him up against the new baby dresser. Dean winced at the knob hitting him in the back. Cas noticed his discomfort and hoisted him on top of the dresser and threw off his pants. The outline of Dean’s hard penis was incredibly visible through his boxers, so Castiel took those off too.
“What do you mean, why?” Sam asked.
? Will you marry me, Dean?”
Becky had settled herself into the bunker rather quickly. She enjoyed being so close to Sam, but it also terrified her. She was afraid that she would mess things up again. So badly that he wouldn’t want her around. She thought the best way to not screw up anything was to avoid Sam all together.
“What have I said about using my computer?” Dean heard his brother say as he walked into the library with his newborn twins in both arms.
“He’s going to stay at Jody’s,” he said.
“And what is your relationship to her?”
“Heaven found out and now they want to clip my wings.”
“How have you guys been?” she asked.
“Yeah, were good.”
“Well for starters, yeah,” Jody said. She was all about a woman having the say what to do with her own body. But she also felt that it was a hard decision that should be though through. And she feared that Dean wasn’t giving this enough thought.
“Well, duh.”
Dean was getting tired of Gabriel's energy. He sighed, “Right. So, then what’s your plan? You never did go into the specifics and I’d like to know what we’re getting ourselves into.” Dean could feel a tightening in his abdomen which was his sign that the baby wasn’t too happy and he needed to rest. He placed a hand on the side of his bump and groaned. Dean took a seat at the edge of his bed and breathed through it. Both Sam and Cas went to his aide but he waved them off. “I’m fine.”
Sam waited until every student left before he let out any sort of indication of pain. He could feel some sort of warm liquid in between his legs. He pleaded to whoever was listening that what he was feeling wasn’t blood. He peered at his crotch and through his khaki pants he could see blood spreading throughout the area. He made it to his desk where his phone was tucked away in the top drawer. He immediately called his brother. After the third ring Dean answered gruffly. “Dean, I need you to come to the school. Something is wrong. I’m bleeding!” Sam said, sounding like he was out of breath.
Sam exited the shower and threw on a pair of grey sweat pants and an old oversized Stanford t-shirt in their signature crimson red. On his way to his bedroom he ran into an overjoyed Becky, who was glued to her phone, smiling ear to ear. “Morning!” she beamed.
Jody crossed her arms and looked down at the boys as if they were her children and she was about to scold them for stealing cookies out of the cookie jar. “I’m going to ignore the fact that you, Sam, got pregnant and had two beautiful twins and didn’t tell me. But I refuse to ignore the fact that now Dean is pregnant and I’m just hearing about it? How far along are you?”
The doctor hummed thoughtfully, “And why did he want you to move him with him again? He was worried about leaving you alone with his brother and new boyfriend?”
“Why?” Sam growled in her ear. He continued to make out with her neck, his warm breath sending shivers down her spine. He then untucked her blouse and grasped at her supple breasts.
“Are there any angels who are on Cas’ side?” Sam asked.
“So, what are you, a law professor and Dean’s a mechanic?” she joked.
Tears stung her eyes. “How could you even ask me that? I ruined your life. Again! You want nothing to do with me, and I don’t blame you. I promised myself that I wouldn’t do something like this again.”
