“Yes, it's making quite the sensation in the media, for better or worse,” Tiberius said. “I do try to keep the coverage minimal across my own networks, otherwise it would be terribly gauche, yet it seems the public can't get enough of our story. But of course, as Anthony likes to say, love is love. You will be joining us for the big day, I hope?”
“Can you tell me what they mean?” Steve says softly. He catches Tony glancing at him, his concern as warm as the sun overhead, but Steve can’t look at him and mourn at the same time so he closes his eyes instead.
Bruce, on the other hand, is frowning. “What makes you think this Thanos would be affected now instead of 2023?”
She shakes her head; the light vanishes, returning a cold gray world. “I instructed Dr. Banner to return the Time Stone before it left this timeline because the ensuing paradox would ensure its continuity within this world. My duties require its use, and the consequences of losing access to its power, even for one second, would be… regrettable. And yet,” she shrugs, calmer than such words should allow, “from the moment you returned to this timeline, time has spun off countless versions of you, and I, and this conversation, each one as singular and real as the next.”
“Help me!? Help-Tony I practically raped you!” Steve nearly shouted. The guilt and worry was too much and it finally spilled over, the tears streamed down his face as he hung his head. Steve brought a hand up and held his head.
Steve covered his face, there was no way he could ask a concubine to model for him it just felt so indecent. Not that there was anything wrong with their profession, but Steve having such little experience with sex found that even talking to a concubine filled him with anxiety. They were so comfortable in their profession, care free and beautiful he often ducked his head to avoid looking at them when he had passed them in the halls. Steve couldn't help blushing and he could hear their amused giggles, it was is if they could smell his inexperience and awkwardness. It was best to avoid them and keep his little dignity intact.
“The guy I was sort of seeing got really mad and...he left...” Tony admitted quietly. “It had been the furthest I had gone and I really wanted to keep going, but...he didn't want to wait.”
Something odd was happening, Steve felt his face and neck grow hot while he drew in the piercing and the dusky hard nub. A funny sort of fluttery feeling formed in his belly and down further in his groin...a tingle? Or tickle of arousal? Steve reached for his goblet and took another drink to quench the sudden parched dryness of his throat. Steve itched to run that golden hoop through his fingers, to touch the cool metal ring and give it a gentle tug. Would it make Tony gasp in surprise? What was happening? He typically didn't have those sort of thoughts, let alone about another man, and he was supposed to be a professional here.
“Steve?” Tony asked, not sure what the question even was, but something was happening here between them, a silent acknowledgment of that frightening unknown
Tony gasped for air, his lungs felt constricted, he was paralyzed with the fear. Heavy footfalls from behind passed him, and he watched helplessly as Thanos took his seat before him. He had an amused look on his face as he regarded Tony's trembling form beneath him.
Once he was done with feeding the chickens Tony met Steve at the pasture where soft bleating echoed through the air. The goats trotted over towards the fence once they spotted Steve. Tony had been joking about the goats, but one day a truck rolled up and delivered three of them. Steve still claimed he had nothing to do with it, that obviously Tony had too much one evening and totally bought them online. Steve though, always had that lopsided smile of his gracing his face whenever Tony brought it up.
Steve nodded in understanding. “Given our work I wouldn't expect you to do anything different. I just want you to be comfortable with what you are.” Steve's knot finally went down and he was able to slip out from Tony's body. Tony made a face when he felt the mix of his slick and Steve's semen leak out of his ass. Steve kissed Tony's cheek lovingly. “Let's take a shower, change the sheets and get some sleep.”
“I think we've stayed here long enough.” Steve replied and let his gaze fall to Tony the one person in this world he knew he couldn't live without. They held each other's gaze momentarily the unasked question of
“Anytime Steve. You ever want another drink.” Tony mimed a phone with his thumb and pinky. “Just call me.”
Tony whined and grabbed at Steve's wrist. “Hey! Stop!” He chuckled. “I'm not six anymore. I'm a grown ass adult.” He managed to pry Steve's hand away and smoothed his hair back into place.
They stood in Shuri's lab, a bit worse for ware after the attack but everything appeared to be functional. They had placed Vision's body onto the table and Shuri was scanning for any signs of life remaining. The outcome was looking grim. Steve had to give the girl credit, for just finding out the fate of her brother she was holding it together remarkably well.
“Boss the bleeding edge is losing structural integrity. Whatever those stones are that Thanos possesses, their power cannot be matched by your tech!” Tony grit his teeth, and boosted up into the air hoping to gain some distance from his adversary. If he could gain his bearings for just a moment he might be capable of thinking of a way to get through this in one piece. His hopes were short lived as Thanos closed a heavy hand around his ankle and jerked him back to the ground.
“When the nights are dark and those scary thoughts creep up form nowhere I know, but that's why we're here right? It will get better Tony I promise and I'll be right here to help you through it.” Steve draped his arm around Tony's waist.
Steve felt the first soft kiss of Tony's lips on his thigh and the faint scratch of facial hair on his skin. Was Tony going to tease a little and suck him off? Steve liked that idea and shifted slightly on the bed to get into a more comfortable position. Tony trailed soft wet kisses all along his thigh, there was the brush of teeth and light nips that made Steve gasp. Then he was mouthing at Steve's sac and sucking gently on his balls, Tony's wet tongue trailed up then down, dipping lower, and lower...wait that was the wrong direction what-Oh!-
“Tony what are you doing here!?” Pepper asked when he walked into her office. Last she had heard from him was his panicked phone call the previous morning. Pepper knew enough omegas that needed a few days to recuperate after a heat with no mate. It was draining and exhausting to experience a full heat without assistance. Tony walked right in and he sat down in the chair across from the desk, Pepper caught the wince on his face.
Steve coughed the come spilling out the edges of his mouth and dribbled down over his chin as he heaved in several breaths. The full body spasm of the centipede traveled all the way down its segmented body towards its soft sucking mouth, it clenched up around Steve's erection. Steve closed his eyes and moaned, his hips still thrusting into the dripping maw. The suction around his dick paired with Tony's thrusting cock against his prostate sent Steve spiraling fast into another intense orgasm. How his body managed he wasn't certain, it felt impossible even by his own standards, but he felt the tight coil of heat deep in his groin and the explosive feeling of pleasure that wracked his body almost violently as he came again.
“Do you believe me now?” Steve mustered and opened his eyes to gaze up at the gorgeous form of Tony Stark. Tony was tilting his head in confusion. “I told you I thought the arc reactor was beautiful.”
Tony fell forward onto his hands and knees before the massive carved throne and felt his stomach lurch as the fear gripped him. Tony heaved in several breaths, as he took in the surroundings, Thanos' war ship, he was inside of it and was at the mad titan's throne.
“Fuck Steve stop-stop this isn't working!” Tony cursed and laid back on the bed. Steve propped himself up on his elbows from his position on the bed. He was laying on his stomach between Tony's legs, and Tony's cock lay flaccid and uncooperative. Steve had been trying to work him to hardness with his mouth, but it obviously hadn't worked. Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's thigh before he crawled up the bed, and laid down beside Tony.
“Oh-Oh my” Steve gasped almost breathlessly. He felt his body trembling from the effort to keep himself still. “You-you feel...Tony you feel so good.” Steve moaned when Tony changed it up, balancing he lifted himself up, Steve's cock sliding out and then he sank back down tightening as he went his velvety walls hugging Steve's length on each downward stroke.
“I needed to get out, I couldn't be cooped up anymore.” Pepper only gave him a questioning raised eyebrow. Tony was notoriously a hermit when he was allowed to be. She noted that he didn't look worn out, not nearly as much as she would have expected. It was quite the opposite actually, he had a vibrancy to him.
“So let's both agree we brought this on ourselves and we go forward.” Tony stated. “I'm organizing a transport for the centipede to be moved to a secured location in S.H.I.E.L.D. so we won't have to worry about this happening again. In the meantime both Bruce and I will be studying the pollen to see if we can come up with any sort of antidote in case something like this ever appears again. Who knows if Hydra had more.”
“Home.” Tony stated for Natasha, never breaking his eye contact with Steve's gorgeous blues. “Let's go back home.”
Something warm, wet, and stiff slipped between Tony's cheeks making him gasp in surprise. It was slender and rubbed deliciously against his own rim. Steve beneath him whined from lack of stimulation, Tony turned his attention back to the blonde in front of him, to Steve's perfectly shaped ass. Tony ran his hands over the round cheeks, he squeeze and kneaded the flesh with his fingers, and spread them apart to gaze at Steve's wet hole. Behind him the centipede gently probed with its own slicked appendage. Tony could feel it, but it wasn't terribly invasive, in fact it felt good in a teasing way.
“She's a friendly?” Steve walked up to them and looked down at the raccoon. Rocket grimaced slightly and gestured with his paws unhelpfully.
“No...I guess not...but I like the excuse. Helps me justify so I don't feel like I'm taking shameless advantage of you.” Steve replied while setting his book down to run his own hands from Tony's wrists to his forearms that were currently bracketed on either side of him. Steve turned his head and pressed his lips lightly to Tony's. Tony smiled against him as they kissed gently, soft light movements of their lips together. Steve initiated things further by easing his hand up to cradle the back of Tony's head, his fingers carded through the soft dark hair, and he parted his lips to slip his tongue into Tony's mouth. There was a muffled moan from Tony as he allowed Steve access to him, and they deepened their kiss.
Tony's breath was shaky, he took a moment to try and compose himself and his racing heart. He needed Steve to believe that he wanted this, because he did. “Steve...” Tony breathed and touched Steve's face lightly with his hand, resting it on his cheek. “I've wanted this with you for a long time. Please. I want you.” Tony leaned up and kissed him. “Please.” That was all Steve needed, although he still had the hint of doubt the throbbing in his cock was more distracting every second. Steve returned Tony's kiss and hooked his fingers in the waistband of Tony's boxers and tugged them down.
I may have rushed the ending, but I could see the light upon the horizon and just want this to be done. Don't get me wrong I love this series, but I may have taken on some hefty themes in this one that I'm not talented enough to convey in an interesting way. I had a rough idea what I wanted to touch on but no solid way to go about them. I hope it was enjoyable and that some of the plot/filler wasn't too drab.
passed between them in just their eyes. Tony could only stare as he read the deep rooted emotion in Steve's expression the despair and mourning for their lost connection. Why hadn't he just picked up the phone and called or texted once? The anger he had held onto for two damn years felt petty and insignificant in the grander scheme of their situation.
Tony gave Steve full access, parting his lips a moan vibrating through his throat as he felt Steve's tongue enter his mouth. Steve's cock was rock hard now, and pushing insistently against the fabric of his jeans. He felt it twitch when he heard the breathy moan from Tony as they kissed. It was like igniting a fire inside of him, Steve needed to hear more, he wanted to possess and dominate Tony. Make him into a quivering mess. With a gentle nudge Steve coaxed Tony to lay back on the bed, and he straddled the young man. He rocked his hips against Tony to gain some friction on his aching cock, and he felt the hardness in Tony's pants rubbing up against his thigh. Tony really did want this.
When Steve arrived at the tower he headed up to his floor intending to strip off his uniform and sink into a hot bath to soak away the day's tension. He held his helmet in his hands and ran his fingers through the mess of blond hair on his head. The elevator lurched to a stop suddenly. Steve looked around in confusion.
When Tony opened his eyes there was no Steve above him, no moon light filtering though the room. It was pitch black and all around the walls began to dissipate, eaten away at the edges like a swarm of red parasites. Tony sat up suddenly his insides twisting and growing cold as everything faded into deep darkness all around him. The only light was coming from his chest and he looked down at the housing reactor that held the nanites. Tony touched it the hard metal edge connected to his under-suit.
I have no beta reader, I have no one to edit my work, I have no real suggestions until the fic is complete and up. So all errors are my own. Thanks for reading!
A gentle hand touched the small of his back. “Saying your final goodbye?” Tony asked as he stepped up next to Steve.
Tony admired him for a moment, the brightness in his eyes, pure joy, no longer carrying the burdens from before. Those nights they had spent together there had been the constant pinch of worry in Steve's brow, a hazy distance in his eyes. It had been so long since he had seen Steve in such a relaxed state, and Tony was grateful he could be the one to give him that. Tony finally had given Steve the peace he deserved in his life. Steve noticed Tony staring at him and looked his way with a raised eyebrow.
Steve did as he was told, standing hastily and stripping himself of his clothes, hungry for whatever it was that Tony had planned for him. It was is if he were under some sort of spell, his logical sense had completely abandoned him. Once he stripped down completely naked he stood back for Tony to look, and look Tony did. He stared, his eyes boring into him with a naked desire, Tony wanted him, his eyes settled on Steve's large cock hanging heavy between his legs.
Sluggishly Steve turned his head to meet Tony's soft lips with his own. He parted for him, allowing Tony's tongue to delve into the cavern of his mouth and lay claim to him. Steve moaned with an air of desperation into the kiss as it grew heated, nearly crushing as Tony's tongue assaulted his mouth.
“Fuck, yes, yes oh god fuck!” Steve chanted unable to keep himself quiet, how could he when he had never felt something so incredible before.
“I-I-Don't...I..” Tony stammered as his mind worked furiously to explain what had just happened, what was happening now. “We defeated you...we stopped this, it's-it's over!”
“Yeah, I got the clear a few days ago. I would have come by sooner, but Dr. Banner insisted that you weren't ready for additional visitors. Which, I kind told him to shove-it and so here I am.” Tony stood with his hands in the pockets of a black zipper hoodie.
Tony had been in a vulnerable state and hadn't been thinking straight, his consent hadn't been made with a rational mind. Steve took advantage of him and now Tony probably hated him for it. The erection in his pants was only evidence that he had let instinct and hormones rule his behavior. Tony had probably been disgusted or afraid Steve might force him to submit. Which Steve would never dream of doing. Just because Tony was an omega didn't mean he was lesser. Steve heaved out a heavy sigh and tried to figure out the best way to fix this situation. He and Tony would have to talk so Steve could apologize, and he would offer to leave the tower. Anything so Tony could feel at ease.
“Seriously? You are letting that excuse?-We have strict parameters Jarvis! I am not in any danger I can do this myself!” Tony argued hotly. Steve paused for a moment at the sight before him. Tony was propped up on a reclining sort of chair he was shirtless with a number of monitors attached to his arms and chest. The arc reactor in his chest was flickering in and out and it had a sizable crack running through it. Steve felt a stab of worry as he walked up to Tony...he had wanted to see this for so long, but under very different circumstances.
Tony turned his head letting Steve have better access to his neck, the attention sending shivers down his spine. "I want it Steve I want you in me. I want you to fuck me baby. " Tony begged “please, please I need it, I need you, want you to take me hard, please Steve."
“Just grabbing something we're probably going to need.” Steve replied and he stood up and rejoined Tony on the bed. He gave him a reassuring kiss and held up the small bottle. It took Tony a moment to realize it was a bottle of lube.
“I said at first.” Steve added while giving Tony a hard look to keep him quiet. His expression softened as he continued. “A few months ago I thought this would only be temporary. That you'd come to your senses and go back to her, that you'd realize I wasn't what you wanted. But...you never grew distant, if anything I feel closer to you now than I ever did before.” Steve looked off across the pasture. “Even if I can't exactly read you all the time I just know when you look at me like that.” Steve met Tony's eyes again. “I just feel...” He trailed off a moment as he picked the words to express himself. “I feel like this is so right. Us. Here. Together.”
Steve hated it. He hated himself for his body having a despicable reaction to such a horrific experience. Still, when he let his mind drift and he thought back to the sensations across his body, and how Tony's cock had felt buried deep into his channel Steve's own length ached with arousal. He recalled the Centipede's many legs and how they caressed his skin and stroked over his shaft. The way they milked him of his come. Thanks to his eidetic memory Steve could recall every piece in perfect clarity, and despite his shame his body still reacted with want for release.
“Ah yeah-more-more!” Steve begged, thrusting, humping the air, rutting himself against the creature. One of the legs skirted across his cheek and prodded at his hole making Steve gasped in surprise, an all new wave of heat overcame him. His cock throbbed and with an excited twitch he came a second time.
“Keep talkin like that and I'm going to assume you have an armor fetish. Ask me to jerk you off with it or finger fuck you.”
Tony smirked playfully. “So...since I've got you all open and unafraid to ask for what you want.” He continued to play with the come on Steve's chest. “What do you want from me? Anything, all you have to do is ask.”
Steve stared at the arc reactor. Fully exposed for the first time...and he couldn't stop looking at it. So this was the device that kept Tony Stark alive. Tony opened his eyes slowly and gazed at Steve realizing the Captain couldn't tear his eyes away from the horrid thing in his chest. Tony cleared his throat and began to pull the medical monitors from off himself. He needed to cover himself, to hide the ugly monstrosity lodged into his chest. “I know it isn't pretty Cap.” Tony started as he hopped off the chair and made a grab for a shirt. “but it keeps-”
Steve Rogers was still as goodhearted as Howard had made him out to be and it made Tony bitter with resentment at times. However they had tip-toed around one another onto a territory where they could be friendly and work together when needed, and what went from a strictly business type relationship bloomed into the fragile beginnings of friendship.
“I know...but as team leader and Captain I need to ensure that all of my team are at their full potential. “Steve argued. “So with that Jarvis...please let me enter.”
Steve frowned as Tony kept talking. Surprises happened with sex, that was part of the experience and a partner should be caring and thoughtful. Getting someone off was part of the pleasure in Steve's opinion. To give someone that enjoyment, and have it be so good an new that they come right away was only a compliment. So you wait, you play around, you explore and find out what all the wonderful things mouths, and hands and fingers can do. Steve felt his cock getting hard. This had to stop...he couldn't think of Tony like this. It was wrong.
Pepper gave a little shrug. “I think he's someone that can keep you in line...at least better than I ever could.”
“Mmm-mmm” Steve hummed pleasantly and he clenched down around Tony's length. He felt so full and stretched, Tony felt huge inside of him. “You too, god you're so big Tony, fill me up so good.” Tony rocked his hips slowly, setting an easy rhythm. Each nudged forward into Steve's hot channel sent ripples of pleasure through his cock. The centipede's legs tightened their grip on Tony,
It was like a switch had been flipped and all the doubts dissipated in an instant, and all Steve felt was that overwhelming flame of sexual need. The burning in his skin returned with a vengeance and he worked the rest of his uniform off in a hurry, stripping off the top and shucking off his boots and pants. The centipede clicked its mandibles together almost as if it were pleased with the display. Steve rested on his knees and closed his eyes to enjoy the cool air in the lab on his sweat drenched skin. He ran his hands over himself, every touch was a ripple of pleasure, down his chest, palms rubbing over his pink nipples, and down over his sculpted abdomen and reaching his erect cock.
Tony paced a bit in the small space, Steve just standing there made him feel jittery. He needed to expel some energy somehow. Tony continued “Nebula and I had no idea what to expect once we arrived back on Earth so a decision had to be made. I couldn't fight with a broken arm and if Thanos was still here I had to make sure I could be of some use, I knew I'd have to fight again. Once on the ship she found that hunk of junk but it would work. She herself had gone through a number of cybernetic enhancements and replacements and was capable of attaching the new one. So, I told her to do it.”
Tony positioned himself on his hands and knees and with a sultry look over his shoulder at his alpha Tony lowered himself on his elbows and arched his back with his hips canting forward in the omega submissive position. A fresh gush of slick dribbled from his waiting hole and trickled down over Tony's sac. Steve just stared and admired committing this image to his memory, all for him Tony only did this for him. He had to wrap a hand over the base of his cock and squeezed to keep himself from coming from the very sight. In this position Steve could also smell the heavy arousal, the musky male scent of Tony and his slick it awakened something primal in Steve.
“Then you have to talk to someone about what the problem is so you can come back to the Avengers.” Tony stated. “If it isn't me.”
“Yeah? Don't sell yourself too short there.” Steve said with a kiss to Tony's ear. “I think you're damn fine Tony. You've become such a handsome, beautiful man.” Their hips slotted together and Steve gave a slow roll of his hips, bare skin on skin, their cocks rubbed together. “Oh god!” Steve groaned.
“Shush...I will be as quick as I can. I promise I'll help you.” Tony assured, then he stepped back away from Steve. He mourned the loss of the heat, the warmth of another body next to his. Only, it wasn't just any body it was Tony's that he wanted.
“You will.” Tony reassured him. “I know how much you want to, don't think about it just feel this, feel me and all the things I'm doing.” Tony raised himself up and grasped Steve's chin with his free left hand so he could look into Steve's deep blue eyes. “I'm right here with you, I want to make you feel good. Is it good? Is this what you want?”
“No tricks wizard?” Thanos question and pulled the blade from Tony's side. He collapsed to the ground, gasping. Strange shook his head and with a wave of his hand produced the emerald time stone and offered it to Thanos. He smiled in triumph as he took the stone from Strange's offered hand and placed it onto the gauntlet. The energy, the power surged within him and Thanos shouted in glee. At that moment the Guardians had returned to the fight, Star Lord shouting at Thanos as he fired his sidearms, Drax wielded a blade, but Thanos merely waved them off in dismissal, he had no time for this anymore he opened a portal and stepped through disappearing. Quill cursed and flailed, kicking the dirt where Thanos had just stood.
“Tony...that isn't...I've been curious about it yes, but I didn't know you felt that way about it. I look at it because it's-I don't know- a comfort I guess?” Tony quirked an eyebrow at that and Steve continued. “When I see the light glowing steady I know that means you're okay. I...” Steve dropped his gaze to the floor. “I still have nightmares about New York and about you not waking up and all I see is the arc reactor dark and dead...and...so when I'm around you yes I check because I care about you!”
“Stop, right there I don't want to hear any sympathy I made the decision and as far as I am concerned it was a necessary one. I would be useless otherwise so it's all well and good. ”
“Don't hold back, I'm here to pleasure you, fuck you until you're boneless. Come Tony, come for me as many times as you can.” Steve ground out.
That was how Steve had come to find himself in this exact position now. Waiting in his chambers for his guest to arrive. He sat down at his stool and adjusted the various pencils and charcoal sticks on the table beside him. The lighting in the room seemed to be good enough, or so Steve hoped, maybe he should light more candles? Just as Steve stood and gone to a cupboard to grab more there was a knock on the door, and he dropped the wax sticks to the floor.
Steve moaned softly. “Yes it does...” He closed his eyes and gently rocked his hips against Tony's hand. Steve needed more, more friction, more stimulation. He reached down unclasping his belt and unbuttoning his jeans, Tony saw him struggling one handed and assisted. The jeans were unzipped hastily and Tony reached his hand in and rubbed his palm over the hard length of Steve's cock through the fabric of his briefs. That earned him another sexy moan from Steve, he had never heard anything that was so arousing. Tony pulled Steve in for another heated kiss while he palmed him.
“Omegas are distractions, especially ones off suppressants. I could send people into a damn frenzy if my heat sprung up unexpectedly. I've done the research I know the risks and I am staying on the suppressants. End of discussion.” Tony attempted to return to his work, but Steve wasn't done. He grabbed Tony under his arms and hoisted him up away from the armor. “What the-!? Put me DOWN!”
“Your alpha’s” Tony promptly answered. “He thought they hung better on me than on your scrawny ass.”
The unknown omega is undoubtedly going to be submissive and soft-spoken; traits Tony has never exhibited and doesn’t even want. He’s never been that kind of omega; too headstrong and independent for his own good, according to his father.
Down the fingers go, touching and caressing the scars littering his arms and hands. “I see someone who has built and created many wonders with his hands – these are the marks of a master of his trade.”
“I looked at that small, lonely omega and I could only think of you.” Steve’s voice is so soft and he slides his hand around the back of Tony’s neck, fingers brushing the bonding-mark there, making Tony shiver.
The cathedral and churches all over Manhattan united in the revelry and people out in the streets cheered loudly, relieved to have a king once more.
He’s way too flippant for Tony’s tastes, but he tries to hold back the reproach when he answers. “Yeah well… if the negotiations tanks because you won’t accept a new little something to add to your harem, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Pretty sure you do. With the way you’re leaking pheromones when you look at me, I think the entire castle knows.”
“Too what?” Bucky prodded, the little shit he was. He looked at Steve as he spoke, obviously reveling in Steve’s misery. Fucking jerk.
Tony smoothly came down the steps and ripped open Bucky’s door with his hands – he didn’t even seem to be trying. Next, he went for Steve’s and the sound of the iron bending under Tony’s hands was sweet music to Steve’s tired ears. Then he was in Tony’s arms – and it sure was a novelty to not have to look down to meet Tony’s eyes – the armor giving him enough height to level his face with Steve’s.
“Sam! You’re my only hope!” Tony begged loudly, flailing a hand in the air. “Behead your King, at once!”
“Yes!” Tony said, too fast. His heart clenched when he saw Steve’s jaw tighten, a muscle there jumping as he swallowed. It looked like Steve was searching for the right words to say.
Tony pressed a long and tender kiss to his lips. “I promise, alpha. I’ll always be careful and I’ll always come back to you. And if you decide to be stupid and get yourself killed; I’ll raise you from the dead so I can kill you personally.”
Tony stepped away from Steve and signaled the servant waiting at the foot of the dais. The man lifted something from the floor, its form concealed underneath thick fabric. Steve could only see that it was round in shape.
“Let me down,” Steve all but exhaled when the atmosphere crept into oppressive territory. He was placed on his feet in front of Tony, eyes intense and his stare felt like a caress across Tony’s skin. Tony immediately felt better when Steve’s wide shoulders and back hid him from the others’ view, making him relax minutely.
Tony had obeyed Steve’s order – he traveled to Asgard with Clint and he’d stayed put for the last two months. He’d grown tired of waiting after the first day and now he’d just about had it. If it wasn’t for Nat’s missive, Tony probably would have gone home the next day. As it was, with Steve missing and Brooklyn momentarily left without its king, Tony supposed there was only one thing left to do.
“Or into one of Schmidt’s many lairs,” Tony said grimly. His mind was spinning, panic starting to set in at the thought that Steve - along with over a hundred men! – was missing. Tony had no doubt Schmidt had managed to capture them; it wasn’t a secret that he’d been hellbent on getting his hands on Steve for years.
“Whoa!” Tony and Bucky exclaimed at the same time when Steve’s legs gave way and he flopped down on a boulder at the side of the path. Tony carefully lowered Bucky to another before coming to kneel before his alpha, who had his face hidden in his palms.
“And I need to not be here a second more,” Tony cut her off. “I’ll take this with me and I’ll get it done until tomorrow. Tell Rhodey to keep his pants on; the engines will be done on time.”
“They’re comfortable,” Steve tried to object, rather weakly. He manfully ignored the small pile of aforementioned debris a servant pointedly detangled from his long hair and placed on a small table next to the tub. Pepper was the mistress of the household and ran it with an iron fist and scary competence. Steve would’ve been crazy to resist her.
What words Tony didn’t know, but it was endearing all the same. This was so far removed from what he remembered of that tournament, where he’d seen the prince for the first time.
“Oh,” Tony breathed. Well… he would have to think about that, and figure out what he was going to do about his growing feelings for Steve.
His thoughts stuttered to a stop when Steve’s cock moved inside of him, sliding back and forth ever so slightly, alerting him to the fact that he didn’t feel quite as full as before.
He’d ridden out the Heats since then by barricading himself in his small room above the forge, and with the help of a few toys he’d made himself he’d handled it just fine. Well… he’d gotten through them, at least.
“Tony, you’re pregnant,” Steve said, exasperated. “You’ll head back to Manhattan tonight; I don’t want you here for this.”
“No,” Bucky objected tersely. “If it wasn’t for Schmidt being a bag full of dicks, none of us would’ve been there. Your father should’ve hung that bastard when he had the chance.”
Lost in the hazy pleasure from Steve’s assault on his mouth and the hands roaming his upper body, Tony didn’t take notice of how Steve slowly maneuvered them until he could fall back in the bed, with Tony splaying over his front with a soft, “Oumf!” of surprise.
He had stopped courting when Tony had asked him to, but Steve had dedicated all of their time together after that to learn all he could about the amazing omega his heart had chosen. Therefore, it came as a complete surprise when it turned out that Tony was way more intelligent than Steve could have ever guessed.
– noticed it before,” he managed to get out, a pleased rumble resonating in his chest when Tony lifted his hips, Steve’s cock slotting in and out of Tony’s hole as he built up his momentum again.
They remained quiet while they waited for him, for which Steve was thankful. The long weeks filled with torture – physical and mental – worrying about his men and crippling guilt eating away at his conscience had taken a greater toll on him than he’d thought. Add in Tony giving birth to twins and discovering he’d had missed it was the icing on a truly, shitty cake and the guilt weighed even heavier on Steve
“It’s yours,” Steve said simply. “I’ve carried it with me and waited for the right moment for you to accept it.”
Steve nodded slowly. “Can I be your friend then, instead? I don’t really have many of those, and I really like you, Tony. If I can’t win your heart, I’ll settle for your friendship.”
“I hate this,” he muttered. “I hate the thought of you going anywhere right now where I can’t be with you and protect you.”
He deeply regretted it when he ran into a rowdy, drunken group of alphas stumbling out of a tavern, catching him too far from home. Despite the alcohol clouding their shrunken brains, it took them no time at all to sniff him out. Tony escaped by the skin of his teeth and sprinted for home as fast as he could manage. Sadly, that hadn’t stopped the alphas from pursuing him; on the contrary, it had only incited them even more. Tony had led them on a wild goose-chase around the Lower East Side and thought he’d managed to get rid of them. A loud smash from a bottle shattering against stone nearby told him he’d failed.
Steve slowly looked at his son with a stern frown creasing his forehead. “Would you like to say that to my face, Patrick?” he asked, tone calm but with a hint of warning. His eldest shook his head silently. “Who’s put that kind of nonsense in your head?”
Holding it to his chest, Tony swallowed back another batch of tears when they threatened with an encore. “All this time, you’ve kept it?”
“Your mouth speaks a lie while your eyes tell the truth to anyone who cares to look. You cannot hide your feelings, friend Tony.”
“Steve, we have to get out of here!” Tony yelled into Steve’s ear, voice breaking in the middle. “Doom sent in reinforcements; they’re going to surround us!”
“Your Majesty,” Lord Stone says, his smooth baritone loud enough to echo off the walls. Gods, Tony’s starting to feel a migraine coming on; he’s had to listen to Stone’s grating voice all day in meetings already. “As a token of my gratitude to your hospitality and generosity towards my following and I, I’d like to return the sentiment and bring you something I think your Majesty will greatly appreciate.”
“I have no idea,” Tony responded, still staring at the closed door. “You think this was some kind of prank?”
Tony didn’t seem thrilled. Steve couldn’t blame him, he wasn’t either. Still, he insisted. “Yes. Come as my guest, I’ll make sure the guards will let you through.”
He snaked his arms around Tony’s waist, hands pressing down at the small of his back to get him even closer. “Fuck yes, I do,” he whispered into Tony’s ear and then proceeded to roll Tony under him and show him why for an hour or so.
Steve was… so good, he sometimes felt like he was conjured by Tony’s fantasies. Someone so remarkable they couldn’t exist in a world ruled by cold and cruel men. What did such a good person want with someone like Tony?
“Hail Consort Stark,” everyone chorused, some more reluctant than others; cementing Tony as their second ruler and in so, they helped change Brooklyn’s future forever.
“I could never choose another over you, Tony. You’ve had my heart in your hands since the first day, I never had a choice but to love you.” That’s almost enough to make him cry again, but Tony resists until the urge passes.
Steve answered calmly, “No. I want to claim you and marry you and have you by my side as my mate. I think we’ve danced enough around each other. Besides, I’ve spent the last three days with you in Heat and I’ve held back to the point where I think my knot will never go down again. If that doesn’t convince you of my intentions, I don’t know what will.”
“I’m not a kid,” Patrick protested pompously, puffing his chest out with an pompous look on his face.
The hall was deathly silent after this proclamation and Tony’s eyes grew huge and glittered with unshed tears. “It further states that any omega living under the threat of abuse or subjected to it, is protected by law and if they so choose, reporting an abusive partner to the authorities and divorcing them is their prerogative with no repercussions for their decision.”
This was such a bad idea. Tony had no clue what he’d been thinking when he’d accepted Steve’s invitation. Standing in a corner of the vast banquet hall with a glass of deep, red wine in his hand he tried to figure it out. Bruce was fidgeting with his own glass beside him, looking all for the world like he wanted to become one with the tapestry hanging on the wall behind them.
Tony eyeballed Bucky – his strained face and the way he couldn’t even stand without assistance. “Yeah, no. We’re getting you out of here now.”
Laughter bubbled out of Steve, wholly inappropriate, but it seemed like he couldn’t help it. Tony felt a stab of concern and leaned in to put a soothing hand on Steve’s arm.
It hurt; Steve could see Tony wince when he let his teeth sink into Tony’s supple skin and glanced at the side of his face. Steve slid a hand around Tony’s midsection, pulling him against his chest and closed his eyes when Tony let out a small moan, pain mingling  with pleasure. The scent of omega-slick reaching his nose made Steve growl and he bit down harder, until the coppery tang of blood coated his tongue. He drew back, licking over the bleeding imprint left behind. Steve could hear another roar of cheers distantly. It wasn’t important, only Tony was.
To Tony’s dismay he feels the prickling of tears and he has to bite his lower lip to keep them from falling. Stupid. He knew this would happen. The fact that it took over twenty years doesn’t change his initial promise to himself. On the day of their claiming, Tony had made his own, silent vows alongside the ones he’d promised Steve.
They paused and while Bruce hunched his shoulders and kept his head lowered, Tony looked back at Steve, meeting his concerned gaze head on. His eyes were a rich honey-brown surrounded by long, thick, black lashes and Steve wanted nothing else than to drown in them forever.
“I need you to look at this now, Tony. The workers need the new plans or they can’t complete the siege engines on time,” she scolded as she shoved a paper under Tony’s nose.
“Oh, my gods,” Tony groaned, cutting Steve off, “not those two again. What garbage have they filled the poor boy’s head with this time?”
He went down to Tony and swept him up in his arms, startling a delighted laugh out of him. Steve kissed Tony, before the Gods, the bishop, and everyone else, not caring about standing on ceremony.
Before Stone knows what’s happening, Tony shoves his knee, hard, into his unprotected crotch. Stone shouts in pain and crumples forward, straight into Tony’s other knee, which breaks his nose on impact. Making an inhuman sound, Stone falls to the floor. He moves feebly, simultaneously trying to cup his dick and his heavily bleeding nose.
Fact: He’s not as good-looking as he once was. How can he ever stand a chance against someone as young and gorgeous as Hani?
“Oh just...uh trying to get this next spot to look right, it's giving me some trouble.” Steve replied. He had moved further down in the drawing to Tony's taught stomach, and that damn tease of hair leading down past the fabric covering was making Steve's insides twist in anxious wonder.
“You want it Tony?” Steve asked and sat up on his knees. He picked up the bottle of lube and coated his length with it. Steve squeezed the base of his cock as he gazed down at Tony, all hot and needy before him the view alone could have had him coming like a damn hormonal teen.
Friends though didn't touch themselves while thinking about getting fucked by the other. Especially when both were straight males and perfectly comfortable in their sexuality as such. Tony though couldn't help himself as he laid in bed that night with an achingly hard cock. Every movement dragging the fabric of his boxers across the sensitive skin of his dick, and making it throb with need for more. When his hand first crept down and under the elastic band to cup and rub himself Tony had tried to think of someone else, the nameless, faceless starlets, Pepper Potts, hell even Natasha, but as he pumped and stroked his shaft it wasn't quite enough.
As if it could sense Tony's failing resolve it released his cock, but still remained tightly coiled around him, pinning his arms to his sides to keep him still, his pants bunched around his ankles. Tony's hard cock jutted out obscenely from his body, Steve didn't even hesitate before wrapping his lips around the head and sucked. Tony couldn't hold back the moans that escaped him as Steve took his length deeper into his mouth, bobbing his head a few times, and humming pleasurably around his cock. Steve was...god he really was enjoying sucking him off.
“Fine, since you insist.” Steve admitted his defeat and Tony smiled in triumph. A few hours later he found the neatly folded uniform on one of the worktables that had the least clutter. Complete with the belt, harness and gloves. Tony set to work on fixing the gloves first and replacing the broken snap and reinforcing with a new strip of leather. Tony slipped the gloves onto his hands to test the fit and that the new leather wasn't too stiff.
Steve rejoined Tony on the bed, just his tight black boxer briefs separating himself from Tony now. Tony reached for Steve, to pull him in and slot his lips over Steve's again, they kissed and touched each other. Steve took the liberty of divesting Tony of his pants and boxers, and Tony slipped Steve's underwear off as well. With nothing left between them they both took a moment to admire, hard flesh, gently curving lengths, cocks flushed in arousal and glistening wetly at the tips. They both wanted this.
Even after the orgasm his cock still stood erect and stiff, the need to come had not abated at all, he needed more and Steve didn't care what it took to get there. He leaned forward on his hands and knees, his pants still bunched around his knees the body of the centipede pressed up tightly against him, now its legs dug and prodding against the globes of his ass. Steve rocked his hips, his cock slipped and squelched against the wetness of his own come covering the centipede's belly. Its legs closed more tightly around his cock encasing it further into the warmth.
“Yeah? Like how to tame a Triceratops? What about the structural integrity of the pyramids? Was it true that George Washington had wooden teeth?” Tony responded with a cocky grin. Steve just rolled his eyes and shook his head.
Tony's head snapped back and he fixed Steve with an angry stare. “You thought what Steve? That I want to go into heat? That I want to have that insatiable sex frenzy again? You're an alpha you have everything handed to you, people respect you, but me? I am a freak of nature, I have no place within our society. You think I got this far by letting others know what I am? No. No one will ever take a male omega seriously. We're just made for alpha cock...” Tony spat. “I was avoiding you until the suppressants were working again. I didn't want another situation like in the gym.”
"Been to many good places in your travels?” Tony asked and took another drink. Curious as to why Steve was in a bar of all places he knew he couldn't get drunk so he certainly wasn't drinking to get a buzz perhaps just the novelty of being a nameless person in a bar, or was Steve here to pick up some company?
Tony looked over to Steve laying on the floor, something was very wrong with him. He tried to ignore the mess over Steve's chest and stomach, his large dripping cock hard and resting against his belly. It was indecent especially for someone like Steve to be seen like this, Tony had no right to look, not like this, not without consent. “Jarvis analyze what the hell is wrong with him.”
“You didn't let me finish.” Sam said. “There is a type of servant that probably would be happy to help you out and given what you are asking, way more tame than what they usually do.” Steve didn't follow and raised an eyebrow in question. “The concubines.”
They took turns handing the goats small handfuls of the hay and some oats as an extra treat. Tony still wasn't that enthused about the goat slobber on his hands when feeding them, but he was willing to deal with it. The little animals bleated happily as they munched on the treats, and Steve laughed as they tugged the strands of hay from his hands.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Please...don't ruin this post sex high with sap.” He teased and Steve just smiled up at him. Tony maneuvered himself off of Steve a low grunt coming from him as Steve's flaccid cock slipped out of him. He collapsed onto the bed next to Steve and draped an arm across the man's chest.
"We are far from strangers Tony. I never stopped thinking about you."Steve panted and kissed him again as he thrust harder into him. “Tony I want you to come for me." He ordered in a rough voice. “Touch yourself while I fuck you.”
Steve pulled his fingers out, and Tony gave a quiet whine of disappointment, but Steve held a finger up to silence him. “Just a little more Tony. You're doing so well.” Steve applied another generous amount of lube to his fingers and to Tony's already slicked up hole. “breathe okay? Remember to breathe.” Steve stated calmly as he then slowly pushed three of his fingers into Tony's ass. Tony whimpered, and there was a soft cry of pain before he swallowed it down and bit his lip instead. Tony breathed out then in and out the stretch was almost too much. Tears welled up in the corners of his eyes.
Tony wanted to see and feel more so he pulled Steve's shirt off of him and he kissed Steve's chest while he felt over Steve's powerful arms with his hands. He felt a bit more bold and trailed his hand back down Steve's stomach pausing briefly at the edge of the blonde's pants then slid further down to palm Steve's erection. “Tony...” Steve breathed and bucked his hips into Tony's hand.
Tony felt deeply ashamed of himself. Again and again, he let his own insecurities and issues color his opinion of Steve, when Steve had proved him wrong time after time. Why couldn’t he just trust Steve?
“Get outta my head,” Tony all but slurred. He was too far gone into the Heat to think properly – it took over every thought and chased away every thread of reason. The only thing left inside of him was the Heat and the need to quench it.
It left Steve exasperated and his friends amused, he could hear their failed attempts to muffle their snickers. Assholes.
Steve didn’t give a flying fuck. Let people talk and whisper behind their hands. He finally had Tony, after more than a year of pining. He’d revel in Tony’s successful conquest of him, and rub it in everyone’s’ faces for as long as he felt like. Besides, the nobility didn’t need to know that their relationship, while passionate and more than enjoyable, hadn’t progressed beyond kisses, mutual hand-jobs and Steve helping Tony through his Heats with the aid of Tony’s nifty toys.
The bedroom was dark and a little bit cold. Steve tried to convince his mother to take one of the lamps from his room to keep her warm.
Revisiting Captain Rogers just a year ago, you would find a very different man. A man with darkness around his eyes as he stood alone on a dock outside a little hospital in the pacific. His ship in ruins, his team…his team was shattered. Moreover, his best friend was lying close to death. He would say it was his fault, Natasha would say she didn’t blame him. Sam would say that Steve did his best. Bucky couldn’t say anything.
“Hey…Dum-e...what are you doin? Hey!” Tony snaps his fingers at one of his errant robotic children.  “Clean this mess up make yourself useful.  It's not too late to turn you into a diaper bot, remember that.” Threatening the broom swinging bot might look childish but it speaking directly to Dum-e made the bot happy, if it could be happy. Tony likes to think so.
It wasn’t hard to say yes, they each had their reasons, perhaps because Howard was wrong about one thing - they did know what grief was. They had each live with a form of that grief since returning home. The chance to help a friend and together get their lives back…it was too much to pass up.
“What have you done…?” Steve whispered, blue eyes filling with the flash of ghastly images, his husbands eyes empty and expression blank as he walk out of a burning building.
He had a plan though, a plan to clean that blood from his hands. He would destroy hydra right at its root, take out as many as he could and then…then he would self destruct the suit from the reactors core. The explosion would leave nothing but a smoking crater. The snow would keep falling and soon…there would be nothing but the smooth white mountain side.
Or maybe this wasn’t about killing anyone and all about information. A test of sorts. If you have stolen new tech that has never been tested - surly you would put it through it’s paces before using it in an important offensive strategy.
“Maybe, I hate to think anything like that about Bucky…but who knows what goes on behind closed doors?”
He could however, pace around the waiting area like an agitated tiger. Thankfully, Bruce had been able to coax Stark out of the armor for the sake of the nervous SHIELD agents in the med bay. The Last thing anyone needed was a repulsor blasting through a wall… or face, because with every moment of no word Tony was growing more and twitchier. Twitchy Tony was not a Tony you wanted to be around.
“No it’s not, Hill wants us all to head out soon. The only think I can think of his giving him Testosterone boosters, I’m also working on some time release adrenaline patches. If he still seems unleveled we can slap a couple of them on him under the uniform and hope that all the fighting will be enough to keep him steady in the field.” Bruce adjusted his glasses walking along side his friend. He wasn’t holding back on how poorly this whole thing  could go.
The blonde was struggling with how to phrase this and Loki was pained just watching the man floundering over the invitation. “Far be it for me to disappoint them hmm?”  Loki waved a hand as his formal garments melted and shimmered out of view. He had wanted to look strong for James.  The illusion cast away to show a simple lose fitting shirt stolen from his alpha’s side of the wardrobe and black trousers.
There was a shoe on the sidewalk and a huge dent in the side of the car with blood smeared on the silver paint. Someone had been smashed into the door. Was it the attackers?
The alpha sat up and took in the seriousness of the conversation. “You know I’m with you on this, I would have if you said so the day after they were born. I know how hard it is to stand up in front of the world and tell your secrets. That said, you don’t have to be pregnant to do it.”
James had left with the standard 'love you doll,' and 'I'll stop by that place you like on the way home.'  It was thoughtful really, James was always so thoughtful when it came to things like that. His alpha wanted them to have a happy life.
One of the weirder quirks came to light during a stake-out. Shield had made a pair of headphones for Clint that worked well with his hearing aids. Since receiving them the archer has loaded up a mp3 player with music to occupy his time.
Steve groaned feeling his head fog as he raised his leg letting it drape comfortably back over his alpha’s hip. “Just do it, please Tony I need you to.”
“Don’t tease Mister” Tony poked at his giggling son’s ribs, “You’re staying in till your 40. I’m not letting some crazy alpha take away my little Peter pan.”
Natasha told everyone to leave him alone, “he needs to process right now, and this is his process.” She had been fairly convincing with that death stare she had.
This little surprise was another wrench in the works, or maybe not if the looks of Lola’s white walls were anything to go by. There was a lot she didn’t know about, and had a feeling there was a lot more.
He was alone, completely alone. His parents were killed in a car accident and now it was up to him to take the reins of Stark Industries. The life he thought he could run from was suddenly staring him in the face far before he was ready. There was no escape and no bottle deep enough for the young alpha to crawl into, that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to try.
“Mr. Stark I meant no disrespect, but I have been all over globe and never have I seen anything I could not explain.”
Entering active labor was a lot different, and a lot more painful. Any pretense of modesty Steve had was now out of the window as he was striped and had his alpha holding up one leg and Dr. Simmons holding up the other.
“No…that…no” Suddenly all that sure stance drained out of the Captain. “I watched him die the ..the tesseract..”
Sure, it made sense, but still... something stirred in the back of the soldiers mind. Images of what poison gas or water born viruses could do to the human body. If something unspeakable got out just because SHIELD desired someone else to do the dirty work...could he live with that?  Could any of them? Visions of gaunt bodies coughing up blood in dirty quarantine camps flew into his mind. That wasn’t something anyone wanted on their shoulders.
As the group drew closer to the location of The Dark Pool, the sky filled with black clouds and the seas slammed against the ship’s hull.
“Fine,” Natasha nodded gesturing for the others to leave. “There should be basic first aid in the cabinet, you got this Stark?”
The least likely of partnerships had proved to be the most powerful. Steve would tell anyone that his Alpha could annoy him to no end and that yes – he did want to ring Tony's neck more than once during a mission did. Even so, there wasn't anyone else he would want to be shoulder to shoulder with in the worst of times. Not just because of how Tony fought, or how much firepower the suit provided. None of that could compare to the Why, the reason Stark suited up and shipped out was everything they had built together. It wasn't just a sense of duty or patriotism. All those wonderful things that Steve's so used to saying for the cameras. It was their kids, their pack. This little family they had cobbled together out of a bunch of crazy misfits.
Falling over onto his injured side didn't help matters, letting out a sharp cry as his hands scrambled and shook trying to pry at the battered scrap of the destroyed armor. Then, suddenly out of the haze of terrifying pain, there is a hand pushing his away, Barnes...helpful little metal middle finger buckaroo was ripping and pulling at the armor until it clatter on the filthy floor around them.
For the last few centuries, they remained hidden, or at least most of them had. Those smart enough not to court their own deaths at least.
Barnes hesitated and that was never good. “Mallen's been MIA for the last 9 hours and we've confirmed Killian's suicide. Apparently Aldrich either handed the virus over willingly then had second thought. Alternatively, he was just a coward, my moneys on that one. He knew what this stuff could do when he handed it over. Your pal Hansom was also brought in and she's been briefing us on what to expect, thing is there is evidence that Killian was tampering with her formula. So we have no idea what we could be walking into.”
It's funny, how things like that change when you become a parent. In his youth he'd been carefree and reckless, he courted death like a dance partner. Everything is fun and games until you hold a child in your hands, ten tiny fingers and ten tiny toes with a set of big crystal clear eyes staring up at you like you are only thing in the world. When really, it's your eyes looking at them and seeing the only thing in the world you want to save.
Mother says that I have to be patient . One day everyone will see what I'm capable of of. Yet how will they see?
Peter giggled and rubbed his cheek against his uncle’s shoulder affectionately, depositing a bit of his still milky baby scent. It would be a few years yet until the pup lost that sweetness.
James sat with his thoughts and realized that yes...he had finaly made it through the war. It may have taken him nearly a century to do it... but he'd made it. He's was going to be the kind of man his family needed and deserved.
“Sorry Tin man can’t let you have all the glory” Clint commented drawing back his bowstring and losing an explosive arrow at the turrent. “Hey Nat, you think the playhouse needs a sandbox?”
Coulson and Simmons came running across the fields outing orders. Tony also noticed Bruce coming off behind them. Banner maneuvered around them to Tony.
They faced each other on the mat, having lain down some ground rules. “Do you mind if I play some music while we…engauge?”
“Yeah but I don’t really want to get up, I’ve never felt this lazy before. I’m not sure I like it.” Steve frowned to himself turning into his alphas embrace. “I’ve never just stayed in bed so long with out a good reason ya know? Even when I’d be sick as a dog I’d still force myself to get up.”
“Your right Howard I didn’t see. You want to know what I do see. I see a man, who lost everything he loved, and now he’s aligning himself with false hopes of revenge and I know how that ends Howard! It ends in bloody flames so get it together!”
He gulped lowing his head as the metallic finger top trailed over the bulge in the thin lavender lace. “Yes, I  ...I’m a dirty girl.”
Despite the battle raging outside, inside the warehouse seemed eerily quiet. The kind of quiet that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up and sweat drip down your back. It wasn't as if this was their first rodeo, but there was something in the air – a stale charred hatred that floated up and covered everything. An electric crackle on the breeze moments before a storm rolls in, the sirens that make your ears ring and your chest ache. This was the cold moment when your eyes widen and your heart refuses to be believe as the wind picks up around you and a funnel cloud descends.
Bruce sighed; he knew Steve was just on edge from the insomnia and fatigue. That Brooklyn attitude was showing through the manners the omega tried so hard to have. Apparently, good old Irish catholic guilt only held back so much aggression for a sleep deprived six-month pregnant omega. Let alone one who was strong enough to toss a car if the mood struck him.
Tony waved as he jogged out to the elevator; he had woken up with a craving for his favorite pastries and the elixir of life known as espresso. If you are Tony Stark that means nothing less than a triple-shot just to feel human.
Ringing out a washcloth and bathing the omegas brow once again, Bruce eyed the vital signs Jarvis had project for him. Loki wasn't well, it looked like this wasn't something as simple as heat sickness. This was something that had been going on under their nose for a while. The only stats he had on Loki where several years old, ones from just after the invasion. This information was doubtful at best to be seen as healthy, considering what Thor had told them. Even so, in comparison it was clear that Loki was worse off now than following the invasion.
Sailors amassed the deck and with sword or pistol in hand took to the ships sides. Everyone ready to defend as the enemy made their way across the sea in small dingies armed for battle. If they lost the ship they would lose the land, they would rather die than lose the ship.
Who would have thought Loki could be more temperamental than he usually was? Add a sprinkle of pregnancy hormones and apparently, awful temper tantrum miracles do happen!
James stepped closer and wrapped his arms around Loki, “You ok babe?” He had to admit it now that the evidence was staring him in the face, Loki was not his usual self; there was unrest around the taller mans shoulders.
The invitation was a clear and the threat, was... well James was being honest with himself he found the threatening nature of his omega to be a huge turn on. Bedding Loki in a mood was like bedding a wild cat and he was more than happy to walk away with battle wounds like scratches and bite marks. All the better to wear proudly around the tower, maybe make Barton gag a little.
Natasha had walked Steve up and down the hall a few times- Doctor Simmons said it would help. He was doing his best not to show any discomfort but Tasha could always read him like a book.
“SHUT UP!” Tony shouted with a huge grin on his face. “Tell me there’s tape of this; did it happen in the tower? Oh sweet HD, please please. Jarvis! Tell me we have footage of this!”
Somewhere in the dregs of his mind, he remembers vaguely the screams that echoed through the old tenements. Wails of the bonded omega just a few months into the war. They didn't need a telegram from the war office or a Chaplin in uniform to break the news gently. When a bond was strong, you knew.
Then they brought the knives, Steve could sense they were getting nervous. Whomever they were working for wanted answers and they seemed to know they didn’t have much time.
Tony had his camera-ready face, false bravado in full effect and Steve wished he wouldn‘t do that. Wished the alpha wouldn’t feel the need to be ‘on’   all the time. Tony did that though , like some primal defense mechanism, where most creatures had fight or flight Tony Stark had  fight or ‘show off’. “So is this that ‘what to expect when your expecting’ and all that Jazz? Do we get pamphlets or are we going to get one of those weird new-age parenting tapes? All I ask is no one breaks out the ‘miracle of life‘ video cause I did have lunch before coming down.”
Steve tossed a dishcloth over his shoulder after drying his hands. “Ok princess, I'm coming.” His work was never done, and the omega wouldn't change it for the world.
Just when Tony thought he knew what it was to be happy, there goes this man proving that there's just a little bit more love to found in this world. Taking his omegas face in his hands, he captured those firm full lips and laughed into the kiss. “ I love you so much.”
Loki was in labor and it was coming fast. At just over 26 weeks, the baby would be in immediate danger. “Jarvis contact Ems; tell them we have a male omega in preterm labor 26 weeks. Authorize for airlift, call up and let Tony know. Contact Cho tell her to meet us at the hospital.”
The omega didn't look up, he seemed so much smaller now in the cold hue of fluorescent. He looked...faded. For once Loki wasn't bothering to hold anything back and the wave of emotion hit the alpha like a tidal wave.
The ravenette clasped his hands over his lap and found a patch of floor to glare at rather than the blue eyes in front of him. “The truth? From me? That would be an exercise in futility would it not?”
The Captain would not be leaving anytime soon, and for the first time in over 80 years, Steve felt completely helpless.
A helpless laugh escapes him. “First time in twenty years you’ve ever said that to me. I’ve fought you about it, more than once.”
“I’m an alpha!” Steve roared back. “I’m the King of Brooklyn and commander of its army for Gods’ sake! It’s literally in the job description.”
“I’m not that young omega you fell in love with anymore, just look at me!” Tony gestures to himself standing in his sandals, jewels and loincloth before Steve. “I’m old and I have wrinkles and scars all over! How the hell am I ever going to be able to compete with that – that-” He motions towards the door, as if Hani’s going to materialize there in all his gorgeous glory.
The impish way he said it made Steve laugh. It reminded him of himself. “Yeah sure, it looked that way with you down for the count.”
Just as Tony was turning back at Steve, Fury barked at him, “You! You’re not completely useless, you’ll stay here.”
“Please what?” Tony teased, not recognizing the way his voice had gone husky and seductive; he felt drunk on the power he held over Steve, the fact that he could reduce this stubborn, confident man to a shivering, moaning mess with just his mouth and hands a heady sensation not unlike the feeling of inebriation.
“You can’t do this!” Stone warbles through the blood running down the lower half of his face. “Lord Stane will kill me if I return without the deed!” Natasha takes Stone’s other arm in a firm grip and together, she and Bucky all but drags Stone away.
Tony pinned Steve with a look that silenced him before Steve could even open his mouth to protest. “You know I’m right.”
“An old, sad omega way past his prime. Who’s going grey. And fat,” he adds as an afterthought, when he remembers that he’s pregnant again.
“I wasn’t with you when you went into labor,” Steve said bitterly. “What kind of alpha am I, when I can’t be by my mate’s side when he gives birth?”
Tony shrugged, unapologetic. “Not as hard as I could’ve. I’m still getting used to this thing. Holy shit Barnes, where’s your arm?” he exclaimed, sidetracked when he caught sight of where Bucky was missing an appendage.
She’d never met an injustice she didn’t want to right, even when she was little, and if Patrick ever decided he didn’t want to take over the throne after him, Steve would make sure it went to both Rhia and Peter instead. An omega regent was unheard of, let alone two, but so was an omega consort before Tony. Nothing was impossible if Steve had anything to say about it.
“Tony!” Steve calls out. He doesn’t stop; he can’t face his mate right now. The dagger he didn’t have to use feels heavy in his hand and when Tony stomps into his sitting room he throws it, with great satisfaction, into the wall. It slams into it with a loud clang and clatters to the floor.
“I don’t know, probably some fight,” Bucky shrugged, unconcerned. “Let’s get going, we’re not supposed to be out here alone. We’re gonna get in trouble if someone recognizes you.”
A gaggle of aristocrats tittering as they walked past caught their attention. It was a group of maybe five omegas, all ranging in ages from eighteen up to maybe fifty. And they were all looking at Tony and Bruce with disdain written all over their entitled faces, their mean laughter echoing shrilly.
Yinsen motioned to him and Steve obediently walked up the aisle between rows and rows of pews, filled to capacity with people – nobility and commoners gathered from all of Manhattan. Many of them had never witnessed a coronation or a royal claiming. It made Steve’s hands sweaty; all of those gazes trained on him as he drew closer to Tony and Yinsen, with Bucky by his side.
Tony stares down at the pathetic sight with cold, furious eyes. He gives Stone a minute before he bends to grab a handful of blond hair, tugging it until he can look directly into Stone’s livid, pain-filled eyes.
They reverently removed his clothes and jewelry and rubbed his skin with scented oils - it’s sweet fragrance made his head spin. Tony couldn’t help but feel the gravitas of the moment when a woman came forth with what was basically a strip of cloth you could maybe call a loincloth, if you felt generous. It was sheer and flowing, deep maroon in color and Tony knew it wasn’t supposed to cover anything at all; its ability to entice and seduce the only reason it had ever been made.
Steve did the only thing he could and stewed in his anger; sitting in his cell and spending his time coming up with new ways to kill Schmidt and eradicate every trace of the man and his cult from the surface of the earth. He knew Nat had managed to escape the ambush, but Steve was starting to lose hope that anyone would come for them.
Gods, he looked fucking amazing; all dolled up in a black tunic of finest silk with light blue embroideries and dark blue pants. His long, blond hair was expertly braided and bedecked with pearls which caught and twinkled in the light.
“Get off of him, you bastard!” Steve growled. There was a sound of something connecting with something else, hard, - probably a fist and someone’s face - and suddenly everyone was yelling, growling and shouting in pain. The man holding Tony down vanished so fast it was like he’d vaporized, the one in front slung backwards so hard his head bounced off of the ground with a loud
“Omega sluts walking about in Heat doesn’t get a say in their partners,” the new man growled, grinding his hard-on against Tony’s leaking backside. “We’ll show you what happens when little tramps like you think they can get away with teasing us then not put out.”
Back then, the prince had seemed imaginary – taking on opponents double his size with nothing but a shield, not even a fucking sword, and getting the beating of a lifetime. He’d been beautiful in his fierceness even as he was defeated again and again, blond hair in a loose braid down his back, sweat pouring down his slender frame. He’d obviously still been growing into his limbs and been in the process of bulking up. Even in his drunken state, Tony had been unable to take his eyes off of him.
“Water is fine, or perhaps some lemonade. You know I have a terrible sweet tooth.” He smiled kindly.“ How have you been my boy?” the professor politely asked as Loki made hos way into the kitchen adjacent to the sitting room.
“Nearly two years...” the words were chocked and Loki damned himself for it. He didn't want pity, he didn't need it. “It just doesn’t …I never…”
Natasha delicately nibbles at a spring roll, “Not my place to put a time table on that, or anyone else for that matter. If you guys want them or not, that's up to you.”
Rogers looked up at his alpha still trying to get his breath back that Tony had so unceremoniously stolen right there in front of god and everyone. The brunette was grinning like a mad man, a beautiful lunatic with those dancing chocolate eyes. “I love you Steve, holy shit I love you and that’s terrifying but great. We are having babies and that pretty terrifying but I love you. I didn’t faint either this time so yay progress and that’s great.”
Pushing a strand of hair out of Loki's face he kisses him again. He'd go to the ends of the earth and beyond for this man. James just wished Loki could see that, he knew why of course. When he was on the run he'd felt that bitter stab of pain around his heart and the voices in his head that said 'you're worthless, you're a monster, you should have died in war.' James knew what that was like to find yourself in a grave you dug in your own mind. How easy it was sometimes to just cover yourself up and call it a day. Loki didn't believe him anymore but Loki obviously stopped believing in himself.
How can they find me in these shadows he has cast. I am the lesser...the spare child should he fall. I am a poor replacement .
Still, as the old man lay there in a puddle of his own blood, he reached out for his first lieutenant. The young man who had become like a son to him. “Steven…you must protect them, don’t let Schmitt and his men take the ship. If...if they take us..they'll go to land...think of the children. You mus' not...not let him make it...to shore. You’re in charge now.” He choked on the words with his teeth stained in red.
It was just past midnight when Vengeful hit the skies. They say you never forget how to ride a bike, for Tony regaining the suit controls felt just like that. A satisfying caress of electoral impulses.
“Sweet, thanks platty pus that’s just really touching, but unlike a teenage girl with self-esteem issues. Telling me I look like crap won’t get you laid” Tony said tossing his glass and opting to drink straight from the bottle.
“Alright spill it,” Pepper finally couldn’t take it anymore, “This is painful to watch, Tony what did you do.”
Bruce tousled his hair and folded his arms. “Yeah, It's well I just don't have a great deal of data in ether case. It's hard to recognize the whole picture when you feel like you're stabbing around in the dark.”
However, some knew better. The powers that be always had an odd habit of holding their tongues at the worst possible moments. Thy liked having their cards close and lurking in the shadows until the moment for maximum advantage showed its face. Then and only then would the knight advance the board and to the unknowing masses, somehow someone made it all better. As if the public was too stupid to handle the truth, even though the people lived that truth and then some every day.
“I’m not thrilled” He says. Wow.. Tell me how you really feel  Stark. He holds up his hands when he sees how cross I’m looking at him right about now. “It is what it is, Howard was a shitty father so it’s not like I was ever looking to repeat that performance.  I was pretty freak out when it was announced to the entire common floor to, Tasha slapped me just so you know.”
“I’m not asking for that, I know what I want or …at least I think I do. I just need to know where you stand. Where we stand.”
Omegas are seen as weaker, something to be protected like little dolls. They were usually small and demure, kind and nurturing. Tony remembered his mother had been like that, she was smart enough to hold her own with the old man but she never got the chance. A lot of omega’s had it like that, even if they had an opportunity society made them feel bad about wanting it.
Tony leaning over and kissed the side of the omega head. “Just a while ago, Tasha was getting sick of my handsome face. Can you believe that? Like Wilson is a better roomie…”
The blond scowled, that was once…ok a few times and not at all his fault. “No I did not, I ….I think something’s…something’s not right.”  His anger fizzled out into worry.
Steve walked along the path for what felt like hours, passing large monuments and carved stone angles that watched over the dead. The great obelisk and tombs, fields of simple crosses or flat markers. None of which bore the name he came here for, the sacred place were needed to make his penance.
Steve seemed to respond better to Pepper who reminded him of his mother. Sarah Rogers had done her best to prepare her boy for life but she hadn’t been long for this world and left her little boy far to early with so many unanswered question. Steve had spend his youth trying so hard to prove he was just like everyone else, that illness and poverty hadn’t made him weak. In the grand scheme of things he’d forgotten to remember that is was alright to be different. Pepper blamed his general outlook on his own nature the result of of a different time. Back when omega had their ‘place’ and Steve ever the little firecracker refused to stay in that place.
“I loathe this...it is...hellish” Loki belched and groaned. “Your child is a demon...It rejects all form of sustenance.”
“I see something!” Bucky shouted down from the observation deck, he raised and lowered his monocular as if trying to convince himself of what was ahead.
Maybe it was the lack of sleep, maybe his conscious had been niggling in the back of his mind but Fury lost it. He pushed her and that was a mistake. Natasha was agile and swift, avoiding the wide blows easily. Fury wasn’t stupid enough to pull his gun on her.
How dare she, how dare that vile witch do this to his son. Had she not taken enough? “AMORA!” He screamed swirls of magic covered the raven mers palms. “You made a fool out of me, you lied when all I did was trust you! You and your worthless hide I gave it all to you and still it was never enough. This is one thing you will not take from me!”
“Tony... Tony, no... NO! Please... no Please!” Steve finds himself on the floor and he can hear the kids crying in the other room. Peter is screaming and Wendy keeps calling for him, he cannot help them and God Bless Pepper's voice trying to comfort them. He wishes he had the strength to, for all he has it has become worthless now.
The sound of a chair clattering to the floor filled the meeting room without warning when the image cleared. Tony could scent the sour scent of fear wafting off Barnes and the burning of ire and pain from his own omega. Steve was on his feet, his face drained of color. Out of instinct Tony reached for him even when he knew not to touch. Steve jerked away from the wandering fingers.
Tony huffed out a humorless laugh, “You wouldn’t have fought you’re best friend or abandoned our son…you wouldn’t….god Steve I …I killed so many people.” Tony finally raised his dark haunted eyes. “I wanted it, I wanted to kill every single one of the bastard. I wanted to watch the life drain right out of them. What does that make me? How can I even touch our son…knowing what I’ve become?”
The thunderer smiled and put a heavy hand on the omegas shoulder, “For you friend Steven, I would indeed. Son of Barnes is your shield brother, I understand your pain and would do my utmost to alleviate it.”
“So; Nicky baby isn’t dead? Well I guess we should hold the sympathy balloons then and order a bottle of champagne. Or should that be the other way around, cancel my champagne and send me the sympathy.” Tony said setting down his welding torch.
“Come on solider… this is nothing.” He told himself, trampling down all that unease that had him nearly blacked out during the exam itself. He’d been to war, seen men die in the trenches soaked in mud and blood with wide bright eyes that stared at him as if he had the answers when really he was just as scared as they were. He was just a kid behind that shield, a kid from Brooklyn with a smart mouth that occasionally got him beat to shit in alleys.
"Shh, I'm right here.” Barnes leans in to place a kiss on his omegas forehead and wipe away the tears escaping from Loki's closed eyes. “I won't leave you alone. We're gonna get through this together.” Loki trembled and choked on a sob forcing its way past his lips. “I'm sorry..so sorry. I've tried so hard, but I'm broken.” Why did everything ache, why couldn't he just die? “No..No you're not Loki, I want you to listen to me baby. You are not broken, you're just hurting and that's ok. I know now and I'm kickin myself for not seeing it sooner. You know I love you more than anything, and no mater if we have kids or not I'll have you.”
Steve wasn’t perfect at believing. His faith had wavered, here and there, culminating in a real rough patch four years back. Shortly after visiting Nat and her baker in France, a bad nightmare had sunk itself into Steve and wouldn’t let go; he’d woken in sure, hideous panic that their shared use of the Infinity Gauntlet had somehow entangled their futures, magic twisting fate so that himself and Tony would inevitably end up together. Tony had made him breakfast, heard him out, then shrugged, “so?” After Steve had pointed out the numerous consent issues with predestined happiness, Tony had asked, simply, “then what would you like to change?” The question had flummoxed him, so Steve had taken a full week to think about it. He’d come back with a question of his own.
About Steve, Tony understood. Wilson had been a medic, had watched men die in the field. Wilson would know what to say. When to fear. How to hope. He would know everything Tony didn’t- couldn’t-
“Oh thank god,” Tony blurted out, his starburst smile crinkling all the way to his eyes before he pulled Steve into another kiss.
Feeling unreasonably depleted by the short flight, Steve was slow to follow. He emerged into significant heat, blinking against an oppressive noon sun. Wherever they were, it was beautiful. Pristine golden sand stretched to meet a sea of such dazzling blue it made the sky look cheap, and Tony was heading towards a small but impressive house nestled amid a stand of trees. Steve could see no other signs of life along the shore. Tony began stripping off his armor as he walked, Steve noting the other man’s slight limp.
. Coming here with all your pretty promises, pretending you knew what was gonna happen, how things were gonna be.” Tony is yelling as he had once before in another lifetime, betrayal in his eyes, hate in his voice. “But you don’t actually know
“Language,” the other man admonished him without stopping what he was doing, and Tony heard himself giggle- oh, and
“He’s been pretty upset since you got back,” she said. “They said he wouldn’t stand down until you were out of danger. Like he had to hear that you’d live before he could rest.” That sounded about right, but somehow it was excruciating hearing about Steve from
“Everything that day,” Tony continued slowly, “that whole week, it happened so fast, I didn’t really have time to think… I knew I would be breaking your heart, that’s still on me. But I had no idea I was breaking mine too.” He laughed, or maybe it was a sob, his downcast eyes bitter and beautiful. “Some fucking genius, huh? That night, I thought we might- it felt like the beginning of something real, something incredible, but I
Okay then. Tony opened the phone’s contacts first. Just the one number, saved under a blank name; about what he’d expected. One incoming call in its history. Bruce. Lucky really, that he’d dropped it in New York before leaving for Titan. But that memory led him to a new realization. “You thought it was me calling?”
Thor is shaking, slow. Banner and Romanoff. Okoye receives a summons on her wrist. Back to the Palace. The Captain nods. They walk. They are slow. The battlefield is wide. Empty.
The scientist had a point, Steve knew, the rising hum of dismay in his chest blocking out whatever his teammates said next. The Accords dispute. The airport. Siberia. Each event had followed the previous as if inevitable, and yet… None of what Steve had feared had come to pass. He’d come back and signed, accepting four years’ parole in exchange for the opportunity to serve as an Avenger.
The pulsing light under Steve’s skin had relented, and the super-soldier was back on his feet, reaching for the Power Stone.
Eventually, everyone had left bar himself and Steve. The super-soldier had poured himself another cup of local tea and was sitting quietly at Tony’s side. The silence was nice. It let him think, which was good, because Tony had zero ideas for what to do with his free time. Work had always been how he coped with stress. It felt perversely threatening to walk away from it now.
; its orange light flared to an unbearable brightness, and despite the alien joy pulsing in his heart, Steve was forced to turn his head away, his eyes stinging with more than tears. “A soul for a soul,” Steve heard the faceless man say; the painful huffing sound of Schmidt’s amusement transformed into rich delighted laughter before fading away.
The billionaire opened his eyes and next studied the muddied ground, pacing back and forth. He found a set of Steve-sized footprints that looked fresh, pointing towards the river and he followed the trail to a flat rock right on the water’s edge. Just as he peered into the water, a great shape erupted violently from below the surface - space shark? - and Tony unceremoniously fell on his ass, the nanobots swirling around him for protection.
Waking up in the future had only compounded the problem. There was just so much Steve didn’t know, always more angles he hadn’t considered. In those first lonely months, he couldn’t seem to function beyond the most basic level. Everywhere he turned, he found endless options to consider, endless information to assess, just too much
This time, some part of Tony was aware when they came to take him away. This time, he didn’t fight. Their hands were gentle, and by now the body was cold.
A wide-eyed, impossibly young kid stood up. Tony could practically see his knees knocking from the stage. “Uhm, thank you, Mr Stark, I uhm… Sorry, I just-” He broke off, coughing.
“It’s the truth, Tony,” Steve insisted. “And you can come back to us whenever you want. Ask us for anything you need. We’re still on your team, no matter what, I promise.”
“I can feel it, Tony,” he murmured, suddenly chilled with premonition. “The peace, it’s coming for me…”
The place is a disaster zone, but Tony talks the owner into serving them whatever food still looks intact, and it turns out shwarma is still pretty good cold, despite the weird taste of metal still in his mouth. Thor and a very subdued Bruce both get busy inhaling whatever’s in reach. When the spook twins arrive, they seem too tired to chitchat, so Tony has just enough time to begin freaking out over whatever just happened with the arc reactor-
“In that case,” Steve said, sounding calm in an offensively successful way, “carry on.” Then the man had the nerve to lay back and smirk at him, so naturally Tony had to spend a minute or two kissing him long and slow because apparently he did have the fluid capacity to run his dick and his heart at the same time. Who knew.
“Jailbreak,” the billionaire quipped. “Or to be more precise, I’m stealing you for the rest of the day.” Tony held out his hand again, and waited as a cloud of confusion passed over Steve’s features, then cleared.
She was sitting neatly by his side, a slight redness around her eyes the only flaw in her immaculate appearance. “Hi,” he breathed.
Despite the nova of pain in his side, Tony knelt down to eye level, cutting off Rocket’s threats. “Hi, we haven’t officially met. I’m Tony Stark, billionaire, Avenger, fiancé, genius. And I’m also the man who’s going to save half the universe. Wanna help?”
He must have been speaking out loud; Steve would have felt embarrassed but his memories had already flowed on, transporting him back to battlefield screams, the tang of blood in the air. “Most of them begged,” he murmured. “They fought. But there were a few… they found a way to let go. Find peace.”
Only in the face could Tony find any traces of the man he knew. There was Steve’s stubbornness, carved along the jaw; his sudden humor, slipped into the curve of the lips. The more Tony stared, the more he found, familiarity emerging between the lines of the man before him. The hands, yes, those were still Steve’s hands, elegant and deft and strong. The shoulders were not Steve’s shoulders, but still determined and ready and brave. The arms, if they were really Steve’s arms-
He came fast with a stuttering cry, his orgasm both joyous and shattering, Tony the only thing holding him together. After, Steve buried his face into Tony’s neck and gripped him tight, his body still trembling violently. As he waited for the dizziness to fade, for the world to settle back around him, he felt Tony trace the contours of his face, his fingertips gliding softly over Steve’s closed eyes.
“Aside from Vision? Wanda, Sam, T’Challa, Rocket’s tree friend. Thor is alive but… he’s not doing well. Bruce thinks it’s shock. Hasn’t spoken a word since it happened.”
But the wretch slowed down instead, a denial which itself felt like a declaration of war; Steve, of course, playing the perfect soldier, marching off to battle armed only with spit and a plucky 1940s attitude. God.
prove it wasn’t Steve in the video, there was still the safeword to explain. On the worst days, he had imagined he could handle the fallout of destroying Iron Man’s reputation, but Tony had run the math; he
There was a mask over his face, and Helen’s soft voice was telling him to inhale slowly, to relax, count to four. Steve opened his eyes, suddenly greedy for every moment he could reach, every sight he could savor. But he couldn’t see… “Tony?” he tried to say, barely recognizing his own voice.
Steve grimaced in rueful acknowledgment that he’d be well outmatched by her if it came to that, and the young Queen laughed easily, knowing the same. Yet between them lay a comfortable understanding that she meant her words; that it was Steve’s choice, and she would honor his decision.
Steve turned to a very wide-eyed Tony, then was startled to realize that the Gauntlet was nowhere to be seen and they were just holding hands for no reason. Except maybe there was every reason. “Looks like the wizard was right,” Steve said softly. Of course, Tony would be the one. Always the one.
Ty’s smirk disappeared. “Don’t flatter yourself. Maybe I lost sight of my objective for a moment, but you and I both know what you are. Spoiled. Selfish. Defective. Who could
The hurt was a relic from another lifetime, a wound that belonged to another man’s past; none of it could matter anymore. Tony moved closer, wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, laid his head against Steve’s, closed his eyes. “Easy, Cap,” he murmured. “I’m here now. And this time, we’ll get the job done. I promise.”
It takes months for Tony to sleep through the night, but it finally happens. When he wakes, he is bursting to tell Steve, but it’s not quite waking time yet, he might get in trouble so he waits, quivering, until it’s okay for him to move, until Steve is awake and lets him know it’s okay for him to move. Steve is delighted, his smile like sunshine, and Tony wants to tell him that but he’s not sure if that’s okay so he figures better to wait until Steve says he can. Over breakfast Steve turns serious and asks him if he’s ready to have a brave day and when Tony says yes Steve tells him that they are going to have a visitor today which brings enough bad that Tony has to hide for a while, but Steve is there and so eventually it’s okay, he’s brave. Tony thinks he recognizes the girl who visits but her name isn’t Steve so he isn’t sure but she says that’s okay. She talks slow and sunny and tells him everything she’s going to do before she does it and Steve repeats it so it’s probably okay. She gives him beads to play with, beads that light up in pretty colors when he touches them, and so he doesn’t notice at first that Steve and the girl have walked away but when he looks up Steve is crying and that is
“Please, Lady of May, allow me to carry the Man of Spiders to your vehicle,” Thor announced, shooting to his feet with suspicious eagerness. Steve tried to hide his smirk. It looked like he wasn’t the only one with a thing for hot brunettes.
Shuri looked sad. “This is the herb that gives the Black Panther the power to protect our people. Its cultivation took generations, centuries of care. My brother was the last to consume it, during his battle with the usurper known as Killmonger. And my brother will be the last. Killmonger destroyed the garden, the one place on Earth in which the herb could grow. There will be no more.”
The billionaire tried to shrug without letting go of Steve, then growled when he failed, which provoked further interesting sensations. “Better than anything we’ve got so far. Worth an assessment, at least. If it’s too risky, we can still go the quantum route. But Steve, honestly?” His voice shook slightly. “Right now we’re at a dead end. If that’s the route to salvation, we’re looking at years.”
, but after enough time - days? weeks? years? - there was not enough of him left to form memories of what he experienced. The absence was itself a gift, he supposed. Proved it could have been worse. And if sometimes he felt a deep cold nothing shift within him - an animal yawning in its sleep, thoughtlessly kicking the edges of his awareness - that was all the more reason not to look back.
Steve looked at Tony, who, equally baffled, merely shrugged in response, yet a hint of ice took hold in the Captain’s stomach, a pit of dread that there could be something he had overlooked, some unseen avenue for disaster that he had forgotten to account for, a threat that would reach out and devour them all. No, Steve thought, prayed.
Dr Lewis finally seemed to register something was wrong, his gaze sliding towards Tony, but the other man had his face firmly back under control. “Uh… well yeah, but I assumed Mr Stark would have- did he not report his injuries?”
“And then, Siberia,” Tony said, following this new configuration through to the end. The blank look on Steve’s face that Tony had read as detachment, the denial that Tony had heard as lies. The raw emotion in Steve’s eyes as he’d walked away, which Tony had spent years believing was his latent contempt for Tony, finally given the excuse to be unleashed.
“Ah, Captain Rogers,” Strange said smoothly. “Please, join us. Stark and I were just discussing the Soul Stone.”
A brief smile touched Tony’s lips, but his eyes grew serious. “Don’t,” he whispered. “You don’t need to do that, Steve.”
Sometime before dawn, Steve realizes Tony is awake. More to the point, Tony is awake, and sober, and watching him, dark eyes glittering in the firelight, and it’s like Steve’s entire soul holds its breath. The moment stalls, stretches into something new, something dreamlike and inevitable.
know of,” Tony muttered, but instead of arguing, T’Challa just smirked. “Look, Barnes,” Tony said, keeping his expression aggressively neutral, “Wakanda’s the better option if you’re looking to stay off the radar, but if you’d prefer to go home, I promise I’ll do what I can.” He grimaced, as if his own words tasted unpleasant. “But don’t mistake the offer for me giving a shit,” he continued. “This isn’t forgiveness, it’s the job. If you don’t have a preference, just flip a coin or whatever. Either way, it’s up to you.”
Eventually there came a time when the food was eaten, the tea was drunk, and there was nothing left to do but pass a few hours waiting for the sunset. For some reason, Steve elected to stretch out on the dry, yellowish grass beside the perfectly good and comfortable blanket. Since this type of hobbits-in-nature experience was much more Steve’s arena than his, Tony decided to be adventurous and give the grass a try.
Tony rolled his head to glare at her. “Are you officially my nurse? As in, you’re at work right now, right?”
Busy demolishing sandwiches, it took Steve a while to catch on but eventually he saw Clint giving Tony some narrowed glances, muttering to Nat beside him. The heat of his fury took Steve's breath away; carefully, so Tony wouldn’t notice, Steve stared daggers at the archer.
The brightness was spreading, whispering of starlight, but Steve turned away, as he’d promised. Underneath, he was really quite tired. His eyes drifted closed.
However, Tony had learned to steer clear of the siblings’ comfortable bickering, so when his nano-display alerted him of an incoming call, he was happy for the excuse to dodge into an empty side-room.
But Ty sounded annoyed. Tony must have woken him. “I wasn’t expecting you this early, Anthony. You should have called ahead.”
Or not so impossibly, given what he could hear of Peter’s scrambled explanation, the kid chattering on and on about Strange and Thor and the Reality Stone. Tony knew, in a vague sort of way, that the rest of the team were still in the room, that he needed to pull himself together. But he couldn’t keep hold of the idea, couldn’t quite care about anything beyond the feel of Steve’s fingers combing through his hair, the steady beat of Steve’s pulse against his cheek. He’d once kept a list of so many reasons this could never work, the two of them, but right now he couldn’t think of a single one.
The little boy grinned and ran toward his voice only to skid to a stop staring at Tony with wide eyes beginning to brim with tears.
Wendy carefully considered this and turned back around “Okay.”Peter didn't look like he was buying it but wasn't extremely concerned with wanting to know enough to ask. Therefore, Tony had dodge one of the biggest parenting bullets known to man. At least for now.
Casting a glance down at the journal Steve knew this was going to be hard, harder than facing down an elevator full of trained killers. Harder than crossing enemy lines, what made this so difficult was that the enemy was himself.  The person he used to be was trapped in these pages like his body was trapped in that ice for almost a century. Cracking open the old cover and touching the pages yellowed with time, Steve saw a reflection of a man he knew. Not just himself but Howard, a man that time had changed long after these words were written. A man that Tony couldn’t even talk about.
It had been a while; Loki didn't seem interested in doing anything outside of a heat for the last few months. Even then, it was all so mechanical and thought out, they even bought special pillows that were suppose to promote conception. Not to mention all the strange crap Loki had sent from Asgard that took resident all around the heat room. Crystals for this, herbs for that; most of which James couldn't even pronounce.
At this the thunderer hesitated, “That…that is hard to say. I can not speak on his behalf only from what I have observed.”Thor turned to Steve and smiled softly, “James has expressed missing you Steven, and you are as close as kin and he thinks of you often. More so since word of your coming babe, he was quiet happy to know you are well and cared for by such a capable alpha.”
Little things from a new car Tony was looking at, his critiques and likes for the design. Barnes commenting how ' it must be nice to have a fleet of cars ya spoiled brat.' Stark just stuck out his tongue and returned with a right jab.
If there was one thing the good Doctor had learned about Loki so far, was that the ravenette was - essentially ....the worlds biggest drama Queen. And that was saying something considering his best friend was Tony Stark.  The fact still remained, Loki at his core wasn't a bad guy, he just got bored easily.
“Always the Diva, good thing that’s exactly what I’m looking for. Center stage performance at a Hydra base in Serbia.”
Even Bruce had to admit it was a lot worse than historical reports containing  the ‘lore of Captain America’. In which - most vaguely described Steve as ‘thin’ and ‘immune deficient’. Somehow that didn’t begin to cover the laundry list of illnesses Steve had suffered in his first 24 years of life.
“Poutine? …Captain America wants…Canadian Poutine. Ya know I do not know weather I should laugh or cry. Sure why not, poutine it is. I don’t care what we have as long as we’re naked.” Tony said with a roll of his shoulders as they rode up to the penthouse.
“That’s nice Thor but …Hydra!” The Captain shouted pointed to the now not so awestruck soldiers surrounding them.
Cameras flashed and the happy cheers from friends, family and fans alike filled the air. It was picturesque and perfect.
“We've got him Yashka. Don't worry.” The red haired alpha spoke kindly, grounding him as he followed Bruce to the guest floor. “You did the right thing.” She assured. But somehow, James wasn't sure, part of him just felt like a failure.
In an instant, the heroes where back in the thick of it, Tony moved to back up Thor in destroy the heavy machinery. Clint, Steve and Natasha go after jeeps. The archer shooting the jeeps drivers and heavy gunners, Rogers muscling his way through with the shield and Widow batting clean up on stragglers and kicking drivers out of their seats.
“If you do not satisfy me right now James I will be forced to kill you.” Loki nearly growled wrapping both legs around His alpha's hips and rutting against him.
“We let them steal this 'virus' and then we take it from them. Yeah doesn't sound hazardous at all.” he had said a couple of days into the op while sweating his ass off in the less than well ventilated panel van. Evidently, the old econo-class had been 'less conspicuous' than a big black surveillance van decked out in a false business logo.
Pepper it headed for the door and she doesn't really even look sad about it, angry yes annoyed absolutely, but not sad.
It was getting too damn hot and the weight of what’s left of his armor felt like molten metal on his too tender flesh. His vision whites for a moment before returning with the throb of his own pulse racing through his temples. It's so strange hearing the roar of his own damaged heart. He wonders briefly if it will even stand up to this kind of torture or the poor little gin soaked thing will just give up before Extremis can do a damn thing.
“Ughhh why…” Tony groaned and shirked on the chest plate and eyed the garish looking helmet with distaste. “It’s so…pointy.” The young man looked down to Jar as the serpent slithered around his tail and rests its broad head against his hip in a comforting gesture. “Yeah I know Jar…it’s almost as ridiculous as Dads”
Tony sat there on the front row of the church listening to some priest drone on about peace that knows no understanding and the embrace of heaven.  Tony didn’t feel at peace. He would never know peace or understanding again. Steve was his peace.
"It's ok doll, it's just me." He smiled softly and slipped the spoon past Tony's lips before setting the bowl down and retrieving a dishrag that hung over one shoulder, wiping at the inventors eyes. "There, see? Ain't no shame in it, I used to feed the punk like this when he was to sick to do much else sides' roll over to puke in a bucket. Least you haven't done that so your battin a' thousand. "
It shouldn't have been possible, Tony had tested the armor against Thor's strength and yet Mallen crushed his hand like a tinker toy. The only reason Tony even had a hand was that he managed to fire off a chest beam and break free.
Steve watched as the mer's glittering eyes rolled back and the red finned male began to sink. He tenderly lifted the siren into his arms and began to make for the surface. “I have the target.”
“Wrong, I said it gives the user physical perfection. It's defined by what the individual needs or thinks of as perfect.”
The alpha sat back and huffed out a sigh, “I thought...well ok that's not right. I knew he wasn't handling things great but...We've been trying, for a kid see. These things just don't always happen right out the gate, I don't him that but Loki....When it wasn't happening..”
Bucky would always push things, just as far as Steve would let him, pinning him down with a gentle grasp on the omegas slim wrists. Kissing his neck and whispering sweet promises.
He couldn’t do that today though, today he had to go back ‘home’ and face the memories. He had to clean himself up and look suitable for Steven Grant Rogers - Stark’s final send off. There would be no one to tell him pretty lies for the faithful. Tony didn’t feel a think when he looked up in the misty morning sky. All he had was a memory of empty space and alien armies. There was nothing beyond the veil as far as he knew.
“Yeah you're right.” James purrs against his neck before pulling away with a chaste kiss. “Let's get goin. Don't wanna keep the lil squirts waiting.”
“I can try on my knees again.” Steve was falling deeper into his mini heat the more they tried and he was become more and more desperate for some kind of relief. The more things failed to work the more admitted he was becoming. The part of his brain that had had been plaguing his nights was now plucking out thoughts of inadequacy. Surely if he was a better omega he would be able to do this with out complaining? At least that’s what his hormone addled brain kept saying.
The read outs were all over the place and Tony had a radiating ache spreading across his chest and stomach. “Damn it, porn fish packs a wallop.” he groaned as the armor came to a stop at the bottom of the bay. Not exactly, the best place to be right now with hull integrity compromised.
“Don't do anything stupid. You come home at the end of this.” Steve said, not leaving any room for argument. He knew how Tony could be out in the field; impulse control wasn't one of his finer points. This time it would have to be. This time there was too much on the line, to many variables that they had no idea how things would pan out. It killed him to know he wouldn't be there by Tony's side.
Again- we may turn a blind eye to pain and suffering, saying 'it's not my problem.' Good and Evil is perception.
Hank considered his first opinion of Loki when Xavier had initially told him of the mage joining their academy. He'd been resistant, having little knowledge of Loki outside what he had seen on the news during the invasion. At the moment, Hank felt like his eyes had been opened. Over the last few years he had seen Loki for more than what he had expected. He'd seen a man marked by his past fighting to prove himself. Now... now he saw a young man who had been broken by his very roots.
It had been a sentimental move at best- when things went to hell that the Archer had immediately sought out his omega. Phil might take him to take him to task for it later but in the moment, it was sweet.
Still, something about it didn't put him at ease like it should have. Natasha befriending his omega should have made him have all those warm wonderful pack feelings. Should have but did not. All Barnes felt now was apprehension.
The baby had survived but he was small and weak from being born far too early. The midwife had done her best but told Howard to not hope for much more than a few precious days. The newly widowed inventor refused. He wouldn't lose the only thing he had left. The last remaining tie to his precious Maria.
When  they parted Tony was still there, thumbs stroking his cheeks and their foreheads pressed together. The inventor’s voice was thick with emotion as he whispered. “No. You have me.”
And we are back ! Welcome to book 2 of avengershots. I hope you will all love it here. Feel free to request pairings!
“Aww that’s half the fun, well that and sponge baths. I’m sure the nurses have already drawn straws a few times to see who gets to suds up old glory.”
“Grilled cheese sandwiches want one?” Steve said with an easy smile. The morning had been a rough one. Tony had to head out to work on a few projects and make a few meetings. Steve, of course, ushered him out the door with promises that everything would be fine.
Steve looked up hearing the voice, this Tony looked so real. “Oh god… Oh no, please.” He choked out staggering to his feet. He just kept thinking about how alone he was all over again. There were all dead. Everyone, just like before. They all left him and now he was alone again. The man out of time, would this just keep happening? Would he never know what it felt like to grow old or die? Had the serum done more than turn him into the ultimate soldier? Had it made him a monster as well?
There was one thing he was sure he’d give his damn best to be better at - and that was being the kind of father his wasn’t. To be a better partner than what his mother had. He had always told himself that on the off chance he ever did settle down he’d do it right, he’d be all in and nothing would come before his family.  Even if he thought that dream was over with becoming Iron Man. Even when he thought, no one could handle all his baggage.  Somehow right when he least expected it…love just sort of happened.
Stane tipped his head and took up his coat from a nearby chair, “see ya Howard, oh and I’ll let you know about those new specs. I really think we can do some great things moving forward. You’ll feel much better with the work.”
The place had been armed to the teeth, but it wasn’t the Avengers hadn’t dealt with both separately or as one. For Steve it felt good to be back in the thick of it. Calling out orders over the coms as easily as it ever had been, having the team follow him with out question.
He didn’t even want to hear anymore, thumb swiping over the end call button before he could even think about it. Loki was a little too good at cutting someone off at the knees but James had never been on the receiving end of it before and it hurt. It hurt so bad to hear that silken voice turn to fire and razors, pouring salt in his deepest wound. He just couldn’t hear anymore, maybe this was it. Maybe they couldn’t come back from whatever was going on between them.
The Asgardian nodded, “My brother has elected to keep Sergeant Barnes close in his distress. I have his world he will not let him leave Asgard. However, is not our friend right in his wish to punish those responsible?”
Then…she realized what she had to do, she needed a new plan and perhaps this little trinket could help her. If she could but siphon off a fraction of this energy, this pure power… Maybe she could do something with it.
The screen flicked through various shaded of grey and the wand moved, “Right, now here is your uterus…and here…oh…”
"Ok... by Tony. By peter.. it was great having him we should do this again.. but not too soon huh cause yeah we will have a lot on our hands in just about oooo three weeks left yea. Ok bye!!"Bruce rushed the pair out .Bless him
“Get out...get out…” Loki tries so hard to pour every ounce of malice into the words but all he hears is pleading. Damn her.
That’s when it made sense to the physician why the omega was holding back, super strength…Steve was terrified he would injure the twins. “You won’t I promise you, they are part of you and we already know they have been protected this far correct? So give me a big push ok? Count of three and bear down for me dear, here we go. One, two, three.”
The tiny alpha advanced climbing up onto the couch snatching the lampshade away . “Found you!!!” She cheered and giggled.
Watching as that limp fire scorched suit free fell through the atmosphere was terrifying. Because in a split second Steve could see Bucky’s face before his best friend fell from that train. Cap was going to lose someone else that meant something to him…something he was not even sure of yet. Tony was coming down hot and there was nothing they could do.
Steve nodded and lifted Peter up onto his knee, “Well sweetheart, you came out of your omegas tummy and then you came to live with us. We loved you so much that when we saw you we knew that you were meant to be our little boy. Remember how daddy said that we don’t look alike because our blood is different, that’s part of it.”
“Now you listen to me, you are still Captain America, you are still Steve Rogers. You are everything you were before we all knew and will continue to be.  I know things back when you grew up were…less that welcoming to our nature. In some ways, there are still stupid knot heads in the world who will always believe that we can’t do as much or that our biology makes us crazy. The fact is though its not true, do you know the kind of strength it takes to care for others?”
AN: Song featured Is No Bravery by - James Blunt I do not own it or the avengers this work is purely for fan enjoyment and I profit in no way.  Please support the official releases.
Bruce gave them his best and wished he had better answers. The team had poured countless hours and research and this was the best they had to offer. Of course the couple understood and were thankful for the help.
He allowed the alpha to tilt his head back and claim his mouth, melting into that dinning chair and just…let it all go.
Perhaps Howard Stark was no longer in his right mind, perhaps there is madness in a man who has lost everything. A kind of desperation that breaks the bonds of what it is possible and impossible, a reaching into the void for evens a spider’s thread of a chance. Places were a man of science and invention would look to fairytales for salvation.
AN: Ok so there is a lot of fake medical science, I did my best to try and make things sound plausible and did some research on different developmental conditions related to hormones as well as some research on reproductive health and certain conditions affected by the bodies chemistry. So hopefully it feels legit, if it doesn’t ..idk I gave it my best so don’t be dicks or armchair quarterbacks.
As much as he loved Steve he hd a long week and catching up on missed sleep with out tiny bodies sneaking into the covers at three am, sounded beautiful.
Peter was napping on the sofa with Tony carding fingers through the sleeping child’s hair. “He’s probably going to need therapy now…I made our kid need therapy Steve. I told you I would screw this up and now I have, I‘m just like Howard. ”
The door closed behind him and Clint turned, still holding the tiny socks. Pietro was standing there with an unsure little smile. “It …has been a while and I thought maybe it was time, do you think we could?”
Steve wanted to curl up and die when he saw Bruce and Tony enter, by now he had stripped down to nothing with little more than the balled up bed sheet to preserve his modesty.
Thankfully, the trip wasn't a total wash- Stark's reputation preceded him and most of the younger crowd still saw him as Iron Man first, and Tony Stark second, A little hero worship can go a long way in greasing the wheels during negotiations. Even so, there was that little itch in the back of Tony's mind that said,
"Shut up Casey, no one believes your shit you old Irish bastard." One of the men said lighting the cigar jutting from his lips. "Sirens... huh, what kinda fools ya take us for bub?"
“Well, is a mater of context. How well are you Nick? Are you sleeping well hiding in this place like a fugitive? So much for savior of Shield.” She knew what buttons to press and how far to push.
“This has to stop.” Clint said throwing a magazine down on the coffee table. The glossy cover featuring ‘Iron Vengeance’   The archer ran a hand back through his hair, “he looks like a fucking zombie and I can’t even tell what side he’s on anymore.”
He supposed there had been a moment where he told himself- ‘end it now, your falling to deep.’ Yet like a foolish hungry child he said back to that small voice of reason ‘She will fall to, she will see that we are two of a kind.’
“Wow..so proactive of you Nicky However, gonna have to stop ya right there. See cause -  this is my house not yours. That means I make the rules. So you don't come in here and swish your fancy  coat around and demand anything. Got me?” Tony felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle in aggravation. His left hand twitching slightly.
The bell rang again, this time holding on a bit longer as his surprise visitor depressed the button with more force.
“You don’t have to forgive her my darling.” Frigga said as she wrapped her arms around the man who was once a child in her arms, and the child that was now in his. “Look into his eyes, they are not hers because they are not cold, they grow warmer each day that he lives, each day he smiles at you.”
Mallen's compatriots hadn't been sure about the compound they had taken from Aim's lab. From what they knew about it the ' transformation wasn't going to be pretty, or safe. Their boss could very well die and then what? Beck and Nilsen weren't exactly geniuses but they knew the score. Mallen was valuable to hydra – them... not so much.
Sam glanced over before returning his concentration to the various dials and readouts “yeah, it has. That smell in the air, electricity before a storm. I just hope Stark's Ship is as good as his weapons.”
“Kroyak, ring any bells Nick?” Stark turned, his face look gaunt in the over head lights. Shadows falling in the hallow of his cheeks and the shade of his brow.
The alpha pouted and pawed at the lever, “No fun, you're no fun. How can you deny me like this Steeeeb!” The answering silence was enough.  “ Fine, I need to go make a call anyway. Nevertheless honey, remember to just relax ok? I know this is a big deal right now but it's nothing we haven't done before. You're healthy, I'm ...as healthy as I can be considering. We'll be fine, try to recall that the fun part is making the baby.”
“Oh…yep, that’s…ok. No problem! Not worried at all! Almost there. Two step soldier, come on.” Stark replied with a trembling voice, one hand cupping under Steve’s belly as they walked a little faster to get the omega situated. “Ok baby here we go, down ya go. J get Simmons in here now.”
Thor slipped inside, the baby now slumbering against his chest, “Brother, I must have words with you. Something…Amora…” He didn’t really know how to finish that statement.
“Oh gee Tony I’m great, just having my uterus squeezed like a lemon. So ya know, amazing, I could do a USO show.”
The blond had already rounded the corner out of the lab and was in the elevator before Tony could catch up.  “Jarvis bring it back down.”
He thought he was ready, not knowing how ready she was. The flowers in hand were meaningless next to her packed bags.
“Entering the building now.” Barnes responded promptly. His tone flat almost mechanical. Something about that always rubbed Phil the wrong way, having worked with Barnes enough to know that the man was far more than the killing machine Hydra had once made him into. Still, he wondered if this part of the Sergeant was simply a way to keep that part of his skill set separate.
“Captain Rogers, Sir appears to be awake would you like me to call him for you?” Jarvis tried again.
“Thanks” The seasoned agent said walking between the two soldiers. There was a clatter as the lighter tumbled from his palm and onto the industrial floor.
When Logan and Kurt leave, James thinks a lot about the kids in his old neighborhood who were orphans and in work houses. He thinks how that almost happened to Steve, back then the sickly or 'too old to be cute' were separate. How society gave up on those kids. He thinks about the kids at the X school, and kids like wade.
Tony hissed and tried to pull away only to be tugged down the hall. “Ow…. damn. No! I don’t care what they think. Lesson one from you if you recall! Also I’d like to point out that I did the math and it was perfectly safe.”
“Well, this is a bloody awful sight isn’t it?” She said storming in and snatching the glass form Howard’s trembling hand.
As much as this joy filled them, Steve found it hard to be happy. Especially with the fallen god in on their Guest floor. Even Tony had to it admit it felt wrong seeing a guy that strong looking so weak.
“Good or I would have hogtied and dragged you down there myself.” Steve snorted and rolled onto his back, dragging Tony’s hand with him and planting it firmly on his stomach. “You promise me Stark, here and now that you will be here for these kids. I grew up with out my pa and that’s not right for a pup. I don’t want that for mine.”
The alpha watched as all color started to drain from the alien omegas face. His illusion fading in flickers and shimmers, the failed imitation nothing more than a veil in the end. Steve had been right to worry.
As loathes as he was to admit it perhaps that had its merit. "Fine, go on then go and play with your chemicals and compounds. Try not to melt off anything i may require use of."  Loki shooed the man off with a small kiss and settled in for the task at hand.
It smelled like Cedar with a gentle hint of something spicy beneath. Tossing the ball into the quick filling bath, he looked on amused as the water erupted in green and sparkled with gold. “How absolutely ridiculous...I love it.”
It's hard to get over the mental image of a man knowing he's responsible for so much death and destruction. Not to mention what Loki did to Clint and Phil.
“I don't know what you can do Loki. I don't think anyone really knows.” Bruce said looking over the readouts JARVIS was able to provide. “ However, looking at your vital signs right now you haven't been taking care of yourself. Not to mention the show I heard you put on in Texas against those hydra agents. I need to check you over Loki but I need your permission to do so. “
Simmons did her best to be swift about the exam. It was mostly to check the size of the uterus, they already new Steve’s omega organs were slightly underdeveloped. Likely, they had been before the serum and the serum had originally been designed for an alpha. Therefore, the chemical alterations set out to perfect and personify Alpha-like traits only. Leaving his other internal organs alone having deemed them ‘unnecessary’. This also gave a great incite into how the serum worked.
Tony swallowed down his tears and kissed the top of his sons head. He cried enough this morning alone in bed. Stark had held it all in for the last few days, he kept away from the penthouse and slept in the lab. The whole time with just him and Peter on an inflatable mattress, under the watchful eye of Jarvis and the bots.  Peter had cried so much the first couple of days and Tony had to keep it together.  He had to be there to cuddle away the tears and tell Peter how much his Papa loved him and always would. He had to do the right thing, and even though he wasn’t a religious man, he knew Steve was, “Papa’s in heaven and he will always love you ok Pete, he’s always there and you can talk to him when ever you want and he’ll always listen. I’m here and I love you so much, you know that right buddy?”
Tony Stark had been another part of this plan. The inventor acted exactly how Fury thought he would. The People had their martyr now they needed a champion. An avenging knight to come out of the flames and ashes… a new soldier. In truth Fury thought it would have been Barnes, however there was an Asgardian complication on that front. The winter soldier was now tangled up with a now ‘repentant’ trickster. And the golden kingdom was smart enough to keep the doors locked on their side to prevent a mad dog assassin from coming to get his pound of flesh.
Barnes loved seeing his girl like this, wonton and drooling into the quilt. Loved to take her slow and rock every inch into that tight warm body. The way Steve lost it and quivered begging for more, and he would give his sweet girl more. He‘d turn Steve over and stare into those loving blue eyes and kiss those red rose petal lips till they were swollen and shore. He‘d give his best girl everything,  for as long as he could until they were covered in sweat and Steve was begging. “I love you babe.” He’d whisper and that always made Stevie cum.  “ Your mine, till the end of the line.”
“Entering the building now.” Slipping into the dimly lit hall and making his way through the maze of office rooms and storage areas. Taking out a few guards along the way, Barnes noticed that their concentration seemed to grow higher as if there was something or someone they were trying to stop him from reaching. The woman calling herself Madam Hydra perhaps? On the other hand, was it Mallen and the vial of extremis.
“Yeah…” Tony blew out a breath and took another sip of his coffee before speaking again. “The first time, we kept it quiet because they say you’re supposed to until well so many weeks or whatever.  It was 11 weeks before… we were still processing everything. The doc said that it just happens sometimes, there could have been something wrong and all that jargon about the body knowing what’s right. The second time it was only 9 and a half weeks, Steve just... He bottled it up and went back to work.  The third time …I’m shit with that emotional stuff, so I yeah I was fucking useless with what to say. We didn‘t really tell anyone, that last time. ”
Shorter chapter, The rose colors/attributes/numbers  have meaning but not tellin :P i think its more fun to let my readers research if they want to. Learning is fun kids!
They continued through the facility Phil used his key card to slip through what he called ‘safe halls’ “Fury is pretty paranoid now considering what happened to HQ.  We can take some of the evac routes to the security entrance. There will be two guards inside and four outside. Once we make it outside you will see several ‘abandoned’ freight containers. That’s where our ride will be.”
Natasha wondered over to the bag of take out and picked around for what she wanted while he flopped aimlessly on one of the twin beds. It wasn't a nice joint, maybe two and a half stars at best but it had hot water and a table for filling out mission reports. They could stretch their legs and make small talk. Moreover, James had been in worse spots.
“What!” Banner would no doubt be on his feet trying to stop him if it hadn't been for the crumbled mass of Omega now looking on the verge of vomiting.
That was the first thought that went through Steve's mind when he woke up in a small, pristine room alone. The dejavu of it was almost laughable, even down to the radio on the corner table that sat softly playing. However, instead of a ballgame playing it was the current top 40, or at least the top 40 he recalled from before the mission.  The last thing he remembered was finding out hydra was behind the attacks.
Tony watched the older alpha go, Stark's morning coffee and sweet run completely forgotten he leaned back against the steel wall of the elevator as the doors closed once again. “J, Lab F floor.”
Obie had insisted Tony calm down at least some; his freewheeling lifestyle image might have hurt the company, that’s where Joanna came into the picture. A beautiful omega from an influential family, and Tony’s fiancé. He didn’t even love her; he wasn’t sure what he felt…even if he was capable of it anymore. Stark thought he just didn’t work like other people. He was too smart to be jaded by the fairytales of love and happiness. The more he looked at her though the more he began to wonder if it wouldn’t be so bad. She was kind and she was always there, maybe…he could pretend. Maybe he could learn to love her.
“Mallen's parents were killed in a gunfight with the FBI over weapons violations in Texas. They were some of those off-the-grid types, tinfoil hats included.”
Honestly, Peter didn't really care about reading this book much, but he thought maybe his uncle needed cuddles. Uncle Loki was a lot like his daddy, daddy wouldn't ask for cuddles even when he really needed them. That's what Papa said anyway. Sometimes big people were just like that and Peter thought it was so silly. If he felt sad, all he had to do was say so and someone would make him feel better. Why couldn't big people do that? When you got big, did saying you felt sad become bad?
Worse, the nights he dreamed of the invasion, not being in control of The Other or Thanos, not the chittari or being captured.
Suddenly, a thought struck him; he wouldn’t have known the color of Tony’s suit back then. That audacious hot rod red wouldn’t have seemed nearly the same to his pre-serum eyes. Nor the subtle flush in the inventor’s cheeks or the hand prints the alpha left on his own skin during the heat. None of it would have been the same.
Phil moved to the other side unbuttoning his suit coat before sitting down. “If that was the case Stark would have been hog tied and brought up here to do it himself. I have a few agents that would have gladly volunteered.”
Steve couldn’t even give the life inside him a chance or even control that fact. Shield thawed him out to fight a war, if they hadn’t needed him…he thinks they would have left him.
Steve was laying on his side with a hand on his lower stomach and eyes closed. Tony loathed waking him if he didn’t have to. “Stevie, come on honey buns…” He said gently sitting next to the soldier whose eyes fluttered open. “Hey… I um… guess I have some explaining to do huh?”
Barnes nodded along, sure, he might not get all the techno babble but it wasn't too difficult to get what Stark was laying down. “So she’s what...trying to build an army with this stuff?”
Looking back now as Steve sits with his sketchbook in the gym, watching Bucky and Tony play basketball. Tony maneuvering the chair on his own these days. Doctors saying he may be out of it this time next year, though chances were Tony would always have issues walking. Still, just watching the two men he cared most about horsing around laughing filled his heart. The way Bucky would stop and bend down placing a kiss between Tony's eyes. They way they both would look over and shout for him to 'quit being an art geek'.
How often had Steve done that? He wondered, watching the reflection of changing shape and color flash across the captain’s distant eyes. In addition, there was something else, maybe more than just the current situation. Something happened on that mission that changed things and Tony could feel it. Not that he wanted to touch that Pandora’s Box with a 1000-foot pole. Stark knew a thing or two about having someone you used to trust try and kill you.
“This seems like a really long list, do we actually need all of this?” James said standing at the bar looking at the considerably extensive list Loki had written out over breakfast.
It did not take long for Mallen and his merry band of miscreants to end up on the radar of dark authorities. Men like him with blood sodden resumes were hard to come by these days, what with earth’s mightiest heroes and SHIELD back on the scene.
None was well and he knew his own words to be a lie, this horrible thing Amora had done. Thor realized then it had been some time since he’d last seen her in Loki’s company. Perhaps she had become heavy with child and hid away, still the infant was a tiny one, far smaller than it should be. Perhaps Loki’s son was born early. It made sense; Thor knew his brother had been quietly working to present a favor of courtship to Amora. Perhaps this child was why.
“Fine, was just about to step out.” Phil reached into his left pocket as though searching for something. Then his left before patting down his vest. “Huh, must have left my cigarettes in my office. I don’t suppose I could bum one off either of you boys. Been one of those days.”
it happens,” Steve corrected, confident despite the downtrodden expression on his face. Staring at the stage where a woman was wailing loud enough to deafen even the dead, Steve asked, “Am I making you uncomfortable, Tony? With my courting, I mean?”
Tony felt a small pang of hurt at that, satisfied lethargy replaced by burgeoning irritation in an instant. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Arousal dimmed his senses; pulling him under until he couldn’t think straight. Steve was pressed up against him fully, his hard length a branding, unforgettable presence against Tony’s stomach. Tony wanted it inside of him with every fiber of his being; every cell screaming to get Steve to bed and just
As Pepper squeezed out past Steve, Tony slowly and laboriously got to his feet, one hand braced at the small of his back and the other resting on his swollen stomach, jostled by the baby within when it kicked.
Just before Steve nudged the door closed, Tony got a look at what had happened to the group of alphas. They lay sprawled around the alley, unmoving, and it looked like all of them were bleeding. Steve had really done a number on them. Assholes. Served them right.
“Right in one,” Stone says with great satisfaction. He looms over Tony, almost as tall as Steve and Tony can’t say he’s a fan of this kind of intimation tactic. Stone advances slowly, his big body blocking the entrance and Tony finds himself trapped between the alpha and the bench. Short of climbing up on the window’s ledge, Tony’s stuck for now, though he leaves the ledge as a contingency plan.
“That was…” Steve began softly, tenderly caressing Tony’s sweaty back, “so mind-blowing, I can’t find a fitting description.”
Stone’s nostrils flare and his pupils dilate at Tony’s display, clearly liking what he sees. “If you’d let me, Consort Stark,” he purrs, drawn in by the light in Tony’s big, brown eyes. Tony has no intention to let Stone do anything to him, but he doesn’t need to know that, yet.
“No, it’s not,” Rhia chided. Peter was the mischief maker in their family - with Patrick more often than not the one subjected to his pranks. Peter was also their resident peacekeeper and Rhia was the fighter, the one never backing down from an argument.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Tony tries to not let the hurt he feels creep into his voice. Going by the way Steve glances at him, he hasn’t been successful.
Ignoring Steve’s grumbles, she ordered the servants to dry him off, dress him, braid his hair and doll him up with the manic fervor of a conductor leading an orchestra through an intricate opera. Steve didn’t even have a chance to get his wits about him before he was shoved into Bucky’s waiting arms with a, “Happy claiming, your Highness!” and brought to the throne room. It felt like he’d been flung into a tornado and barely escaped intact.
Steve gave a pained sound, eyes squeezing shut when they started to prickle with tears. He was out of options, had never really had them to begin with. Bucky was right. They were trapped with no way out and Gods knew what plans Schmidt had in store for them. Steve recalled Schmidt telling a minion something about the breeding chambers.
“That’s not important, we have to go right now! Nat found Bucky; they’re waiting at the north edge for us with Clint.” Tony tried to loosen Steve’s grip on him but Steve refused to let go.
“That came out wrong,” Steve apologized. “I mean, I can’t stay here, in this building for much longer.”
“So now I’m stupid?” Tony reared up, hissing in discomfort when his jerky movements caused Steve’s knot to yank at his entrance. Steve’s hands shot down to grab his hips, hard, keeping him still as to not injure either one of them.
Steve froze and closed his eyes, a tortured expression stealing over his face. “Come on,” he rasped out. “Let’s get you to bed.”
The crowd groaned collectively at his loss. Steve sighed deeply and let his tired limbs sprawl and relax as his head thumped down, coming to rest on the ground. The sky was so blue it almost hurt to look at it and his mind drifted as his eyes slowly tracked a lonely cloud idly drifting by.
It was still scary, baring himself to Steve and letting Steve see all the parts of him – the good, the bad – everything that made him who he was. But try as he might, Tony would never regret giving all of what he was to Steve.
The servant placed the object in Tony’s outstretched hands reverently and got a smile of gratitude in return.
“You’re right,” Steve said calmly. “I asked Loki to write to you and you’re going in fifteen minutes. Your luggage is loaded in the carriage and Clint’s going with you. He’s with Patrick; you shouldn’t keep them waiting.”
Tony stared down at the simple meal and felt pressure building behind his eyes. He tried to blink the tears away before they could fall, but a couple landed on Steve’s hand where it rested on Tony’s arm.
“Steve,” Tony said, waiting patiently for Steve to look at him, reluctantly. “You never have to apologize for that.”
Steve shoots him an apologetic look but his face hardens as he turns to stare down at Stone’s frightened face. “If my mate wasn’t so adept at taking care of himself, I’d get my shield and let it do the talking for me. You disgust me, Lord Stone and if you ever come near my mate again, I won’t hesitate to bash your fucking face in.”
Tony couldn't help but snort. “I know, my bump is a big turn on for you.” He leered up at his alpha when a flush slowly rose up Steve’s neck. “Yeah, I’m on to you, your Majesty.”
“Oh, thank the Gods!” Tony yelled when he was close enough for Steve to reach out a trembling hand and grip Tony’s shoulder. His fingers clutched the red fabric just as hard as he’d held his shield. Tony winced; his face soot-streaked and bloody.
“My logic brain knows that,” Steve admitted. “My alpha hindbrain wants to put you in a locked room and throw away the key until you’ve given birth.”
“What harm could it do?” Steve wanted to know, gasping when Sam helped him loosen his leather cuirass and all the blows Thor had landed throbbed in a painful reminder of their existence.
“Shit, shit, shit!” Tony hissed as he tried to unlock the door with shaking fingers. “Fucking shit!”
“Excellent!” Thor exclaimed. He held his elbow out for Tony to take  - Tony did not think about how big his arms were -  and let Thor lead him out on the dancefloor, leaving the horde of stuck-up omegas gaping in their wake. Tony wasn’t going to lie, it felt awesome.
“What makes you think, Lord Stone, that I’d ever let your shriveled little knot anywhere near me?” Tony’s tone is calm, bordering on pleasant even. So was the nature of his fury – never explosive or raging - but instead cold and sharp enough to cut through diamonds.
Sex and claiming and marriage all fell under the same umbrella: imprisonment. To give someone else that kind of power over him was unthinkable and that was the reason Tony was still unclaimed and a virgin at eighteen. Usually an omega was claimed as soon as their first Heat occurred, around sixteen, but Tony had sidestepped every request about claiming since before he felt the first stirrings of Heat at the base of his spine at seventeen.
Tony’s brows shot up and he stared at the small parcel. This had to be some kind of joke, right? Slowly, he raised his head to stare at Steve, incredulous.
Fucking fools, the whole lot of them. That’s why it’d hurt him so much to hear Patrick had listened a little too closely to his friends’ poisonous words. He hadn’t known just how hard Tony had fought for every inch of autonomy.  But Tony had kept a close eye on his eldest; watching as Patrick’s expression had slowly morphed from surly to horrified to land on ashamed. That’s when Tony knew that his words had reached him.
Another man appeared before him; short and compact and not appropriately armored for a clash like this. Something about him felt off, Steve thought through the haze in his head. He frowned, brain sluggish; it felt like it’d been replaced by cotton. He was so tired but he had to keep moving, had to keep fighting. They couldn’t lose –
“Tell them I’ll be there in a minute,” Tony called back, considering the angle before he struck again, sparks raining down over his bare feet. He barely even felt the sting anymore, he was so used to working without protective gear. It wasn’t like he could afford them anyway.
“I don’t think you’re fat, by the way,” Steve said reassuringly, nodding thanks to a servant when she was kind enough to open the door to their rooms for him and  pushed it shut with his foot behind them.
“Patrick said an omega can’t go into war or sit on a throne,” Peter informed helpfully, making Patrick blush and Rhia glower. “He also said that when he’s king, he’d make sure that no omegas would ever be able to sign up for drafting into the army.”
“I wished he had,” Steve said softly. “I wish I was the only one here they could inflict pain on. You didn’t deserve this, Buck, none of you do.”
“You’re gonna love this,” the voice behind him hissed and Tony braced himself for the inevitable while another body positioned itself in front of him; the smell of unwashed genitals, body odor and stale beer filling his nostrils. He was going to be violently sick.
“Me too,” he whispers hotly into Steve’s neck, inhaling his rich and familiar scent. He steps back from Steve’s embrace, his resigned expression mirroring that of his mate. Steve brings out his shaving kit and Tony turns to the mirror in the corner to ensure his own hair - gathered into a tight tail at the crown and left to cascade down to the middle of his back - is still immaculate.
“You want to know anything else, my king?” He calls and Steve steps out from around the corner. He’s known Steve was standing there, listening in, for a while now. It doesn’t lessen the pain he feels over being used like this to get information.
Surrounded on all sides by wafting smoke and fallen soldiers had them suspended in a temporary respite from the fighting and it allowed Steve to hear Tony’s exasperated snort.
“Oh nothing,” Tony said loftily. “Just thinking about what I’m gonna do to you once we’ve gotten the kids into their beds.”
“Please,” Tony choked out when a fresh wave of want and need crashed over him. He fell back on the bed, Steve coming up to hover over him.
Steve had a suspicion that Tony would neglect to say a great deal of things to spare him pain, but he finally broke out of his state of shock and Tony’s earlier words came back to him in a rush. They had to move; he could hear the ruckus of an approaching horde of men in the distance.
“What for?” Tony didn’t really understand the need for the apology. If all their fights would end like this one, Tony wanted to fight Steve each day, probably every hour or so, for the rest of their lives.
“If your brain wasn’t as small as your knot, you’d listen to him. You can’t afford to drink away the fact that your dick’s small and shriveled, Rumlow.”
Tony has never felt as invisible in his entire life, and he is an omega and used to being ignored on the best of days.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked. His fingers gently brushed away the damning evidence of Tony’s weakness.
“I don’t think you want to make them wait,” Bruce said nervously. Tony paused and threw a glance at his friend. While Bruce’s face was still black and blue, he could at least see out of both eyes now that the swelling was down. Tony’s own mouth was a little swollen too, but he was in way better shape than Bruce. Thankfully, Rumlow hadn’t made a reappearance yet; Tony would count his luck and be glad for that for as long as that asshole didn’t show his fucking face in his forge. If he did, he’d get a warm welcome from Tony’s hammer.
It was hard to get his bearings and make out the difference between friend or foe. He’d lost sight of Bucky long ago; Clint and Natasha were no longer by his side and Steve felt a swell of panic rise in his chest.
“Come on, lover-boy.” Bucky shook his head with a sigh and thumped Steve on the back. “Mr. Hammond must’ve noticed us missing by now.”
Four months passed like this and the kingdom let out a collective sigh of relief when the bishop announced the date for Steve’s coronation at the end of the mourning period. Steve was happier over the fact that he could finally, officially declare Tony his fiancée.
Tony’s face turned stubborn. “Like hell I will. You don’t have enough captains for this and I am the only one left the men would follow. You don’t have a choice.”
Tony was encased in the most beautiful armor Steve had ever laid eyes on; it gleamed in gold and red and moved so silently, it hardly made a sound at all. A blue gem was glowing in the middle of his chest and he was so relieved to see Tony, Steve felt a little dizzy.
“You’re hurt!” he almost screamed, heart rate spiking dangerously. His hands flew up to remove the helmet but Tony’s hands stopped him.
It’d taken some time for people to get used to the new laws Steve had changed, especially when some omegas wanted to join the army before anything else. Steve hadn’t been the only alpha strongly opposed to the mere idea, despite how progressive of a man he’d been and still were. Some things just weren’t done, he’d argued with a tortured expression when Tony had yelled at him about it.
“Knot me until I can’t see straight, huh?” He lowers his lashes so he can give Stone a coy look, cocking his hip just so, to make the ruby in his navel catch the light from the torch just outside the niche. Tony knows how to do this - for a time his life used to depend on it - and he will again, for the sake of Steve and his kingdom.
Tony frowned, piqued. “I don’t need an alpha hovering in the background, Steve. I’ve been on my own since I was fourteen, I know how to protect myself against guys like Stern.”
The court was thrown into a tizzy when Tony was installed in Steve’s rooms before the King’s body was laid to rest in the family crypt underneath the cathedral. The upper echelons of Manhattan’s society whispered behind their backs about their scandalous conduct. To think they dared to live in a physical relationship before the official betrothing ceremony!
“Should we wait before getting married?” Tony asked, chin propped up on his arms, which were in turn folded over Steve’s muscular chest.
“Stern,” the alpha grunted. He didn’t seem convinced but Steve just kept smiling even as his blue eyes hardened and he almost glared at Stern through his grin.
The alpha, Rumlow apparently, growled and made a move to hit the omega again, but the guards had arrived and apprehended Rumlow before he got far. The Guard Captain glanced at Steve. They weren’t royal guards but recognized him nonetheless.
Steve’s laugh was self-deprecating. “I’m nobody special, Tony. Not tonight. Right now, we’re just Steve and Tony.”
“Now, see, this is where you’re wrong.” It was like he was having a pleasant conversation about the weather, he seemed so unconcerned about the threat in the alpha’s voice. “I can’t step aside because then you’ll take your mate here with you home and undoubtedly this will all be his fault and you’ll hit him again. I don’t really think that’s fair.” The omega broke off and scoffed. “I mean, it’s not his fault you have to justify your need to hit him just because you obviously have a small cock. Your knot must be really tiny too, it usually is in these cases.” The omega nodded sagely. “It’s unfortunate, it really is, but you can’t take your insecurities out on him. That’s not okay.”
“I don’t think it’s entirely his fault this time,” Steve hedged and took a step back, letting Tony walk out before him.
“You came here with the intent to get between Steve and I?” Tony repeats,his head suddenly spinning.
“The edge of the helmet cut into my eyebrow earlier, it’s just a scratch,” Tony promised, almost gently in the face of Steve’s fear.
Steve was vastly different from any other alpha Tony had encountered before him. Steve was kind. He’d always been nice to Bruce, despite his status as a “rejected” omega, and been nothing but jovial to Jarvis, the kinder, older beta who legally owned the forge and shop, although in reality it was Tony running it.
Quick as a whip, before Pepper could reply, Tony swiveled to face Steve where he stood in the door. He felt the corners of his mouth strain from his no doubt dorky grin.
Thor was the crown-prince of Asgard and while Steve was big – having finally hit his last growth-spurt a year ago – Thor was older, bigger and stronger. Despite the fact that they were friends outside of the arena, they always gave it their all when they faced off in a match. Steve had yet to beat Thor, even if he usually managed to get lucky and drag the bout out for as long as his stamina lasted.
“What was that?” Steve looked around, standing on his toes to try and see over everyone’s heads. The market was crowded for a Tuesday; usually people flocked to the big square on the weekends when they had more time off from work to complete their errands.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Bucky said, fed up with everything. “Steve. It wasn’t your fault, same as me losing an arm wasn’t your fault or Schmidt deciding to take over the world isn’t your fault. You’ve done your best to handle the situation and any sane alpha would’ve sent their pregnant mate somewhere safe before riding out into battle. Stop moping and forgive yourself already, you hear me?”
“…I’m just going to clean you up and I’ll help you upstairs, okay?” Steve said slowly. It looked like he was trying to breathe through his mouth. Tony nodded rapidly without saying anything. He had to take a deep breath when Steve’s scent filled his nose, enticing his Heat to send another, painful wave through him. Oh gods. Having Steve here made him feel safe and taken care of, but damned if it helped his body calm down. His presence was making it worse, because Tony had never gone so deep into his period so fast before. Although, being chased around half the city and then nearly raped had probably not helped.
And that’s how Tony and Steve got married; Tony with his back turned to Steve as he accepted the bite to the nape of his neck that would forever brand him Claimed.
He’d grown invested eventually, sitting at the edge of his seat and listening with rapt attention, especially when Tony had told them about how he’d escaped the castle by picking a lock and stealing a horse. It’d been an eye-opener, telling his children about everything he’d done over the years, how hard he’d fought to be able to stand at Steve’s side as an equal – both in the eyes of Steve and their society.
“Me first,” a deep voice growled, ignoring his pleas and Tony squeezed his eyes shut around the tears forming there as he felt something hot and hard against his inner thigh. This was it. He’d hung in there for as long as he could. It wouldn’t matter now that he’d rejected Steve’s courting. Steve wouldn’t want to even see him after this anyway. He was about to be ruined forever and he cried for the lost chance, for keeping his virginity intact for so long only to have it forcibly taken away by unknown men, on the ground like a dog.
“You’ll have to ask him.” Bruce motioned towards the door leading out into the shop. The forge was located at the back of the building, and the shop, with its knives, swords and other miscellaneous armor and weapons, in the front. “He’s waiting.”
Tony couldn’t even move before Steve was on him, taking his mouth in a bruising kiss. His first reaction was to scramble away, the assault too fresh in his mind still, but then Steve’s scent surrounded him, a calming balm to his shredded nerves. Tony surrendered with a mewl and sank into it, letting Steve take hold of his nape and tilt his head back for a better angle, to get his tongue deeper into Tony’s mouth. The fear was swept away by the feeling of safety; this was Steve. Steve would never hurt him.
As fast as he’d gone, Steve was back with something clutched in his hand. He stopped beside the bed and fell to his knees and he looked so young and excited, Tony couldn’t stop grinning like a loon.
“Actually,” Tony cut into the discussion, “if you increase the angle of the arm by five degrees and tighten the pressure of the restraining you could increase the payload with at least fourteen percent.”
Thor nodded slowly and seemed to think it over. Outside, the crowd roared again and the thundering of hundreds of feet above them drowned out his response.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked softly, reaching out to let two fingers slowly slide from Tony’s shoulder down to his hand soothingly.
“No, it’s not,” Patrick echoed hotly. “This is what I was talking about, Peter. You can’t go around playing pranks on me or other people It’s unbecoming of a prince and- “
That was a strange wording, Steve thought, but he didn’t have the mental capacity right then and there to examine it deeper. He’d ask Tony about it later.
“What the hell was that?” Bucky asked from the floor, propped on his arm with his face pressed against the bars.
Steve’s face darkened. “I can’t deny that I think he’s beautiful, Tony”, he says, peeved, as a muscle in his jaw twitches.
Tony must’ve passed out at some point, because he had no idea how long it’d been before he was able to register the calm beating of his heart or the way he could take a deep breath without choking on spit and arousal.
“Just- just give me a moment,” Steve’s begged into his palms, “I’ll pull myself together, I just need a minute.”
Steve leans down and touches his forehead against Tony’s, his words small and private in the little space between them. Tony closes his eyes, inhaling deeply until he’s surrounded by Steve; his scent and warm voice and safe presence engulfing him.
“How do you know?” Tony shoots back, just as stumped. Steve’s arms relax enough for Tony to turn around, his wide eyes colliding with Steve’s stunned face.
Tony hummed distractedly; he could barely hear Bruce’s soft voice over the clang from the hammer hitting the anvil, the long, cherry-red strip of metal slowly forming into what would be a knife eventually.
The children were sleeping by the time Tony had told them several stories about his and Steve’s long years together. Patrick was snuffling lightly, with Rhia tucked against this side and Peter splayed over their laps, mouth hanging open as he snored loud enough to rattle the windows.
Tony was staring at him with his arms crossed over his chest, soft hair gathered into a simple braid and clad in the same, red gambeson he’d worn the last time he’d followed Steve into battle.
It’d been days since he last saw Bucky, as he was dragged away from the cell across from Steve’s, with Schmidt’s second – Arnim Zola - rubbing his hands together with a maniacal giggle and strutting after Bucky and the guards holding his remaining arm; the other one there one day and gone the next. Steve’s screams had fallen for deaf ears; all of his growling and threats impotent and the final, ominous bang of the door down to his cellblock had left him alone with his rage and nowhere to vent it.
“This was your idea,” he pointed out as he deliberately stared into the opposite direction from a hungry-looking alpha that was eyeing them from across the sea of dancing couples, trying to make eye-contact.
Tony shrinks in on himself and tries to not listen, he really, really does, but he can’t help it when he’s stuck staring at his mate, taking in Steve’s gentle expression and Hani’s smitten face. It hurts. By the gods how it hurts, to see Steve give that kind of attention to someone else. Someone younger and prettier than Tony.
It shouldn’t have surprised him how fast the negotiations with Doom fell through. Steve’ hadn’t even flinched when Doom declared the kingdom of Brooklyn eternal enemies of Latveria. After that, it was only a matter of time before Steve found himself on the battlefield, standing in the front of his army with his most trusted friends by his side and Doom’s bloodthirsty horde at the other end of the wide field.
“I’m- I’m gonna cum if you don’t stop,” Steve stuttered on a harsh exhale, skin slick with sweat and glistening in the soft, warm, light from the candles. He had never been more gorgeous; no artist could have ever captured the true beauty of Steve Rogers even if they’d been sat at the edge of their bed. This was all for Tony’s eyes only.
Both Rhia and Peter rolled their eyes in tandem. “Please,” Peter snorted. “You’re only two years older than us, you’re no more an adult than Harley.”
Shaking his head, he took Tony’s hand and pulled him up and over a small hill. Coming down on the other side, Steve could finally get a good look at the battlefield.
Tony couldn’t do anything else than sit there in baffled silence and take it all in. Stern was looking more and more murderous the longer Steve talked. After half an hour - in which the truly atrocious play had begun and Steve passionately talked about liberating omegas from their captivity under abusive laws designed to oppress them - Stern had at last had enough and he excused himself with a huff, stalking off with muttered curses.
“Just that I’d get the opportunity to have as many omegas as I wanted, only if I gave Lord Stone the aforementioned strip of land.”
