"It's quite all right, Doctor. As I'm sure you know by now, my brother Sherlock is a natural bloodhound. Whenever he picks up a scent, he'll chase after it until the trail runs cold... or until the exhaustion catches up to him. I often wonder if these cases of his might one day send him to an early grave. But concerns aside, I am certainly glad to see him in good spirits."
The whole affair was suspicious and troubling. Holmes decided that the best course would be for the three of us to visit Ashdown Street together. In just a brief time, we had all bundled ourselves into a carriage and were whisking across London to investigate the strange building that Gabrielle Valladon had described.
It was just as well that I did not have a fear of heights. Still, climbing up onto the roof was not an entirely welcome idea. Gabrielle did not seem to mind this fact very much, although she did clutch anxiously at her parasol as we hurried up a rusted old ladder and made our way across the roof toward a barred opening.
We stepped out of the carriage and collectively stared up at the building for a moment. I did not care for the somewhat unsettling aura that it gave off--as if something or someone might be lurking inside, waiting for the chance to snap us all up without trace.
I could still see the helpless, almost betrayed look in one of the men's eyes. The pain and anger in his mangled face as I turned, as I ran away, as I abandoned him and so many others -- both Indian
that you... " Holmes' voice was scarcely above a whisper. He shook his head in a dazed, awestruck sort of way. "Do you mean all of that, Watson? Truly?"
meant it (but my now blushing cheeks must have surely spoken for themselves). Then, with his sharp gaze upon me, Holmes rose to his feet and stepped toward the hearth near which I sat. There was a look of thoughtful concentration etched onto his face.
Rogozhin began rattling off the names of the dancers, but in my current state I could only catch a few of them--Boris, Illya, Sergei. My mind was elsewhere... to Holmes... I
"Perhaps the better question here, my dear fellow," he countered, "is whether or not I slept in the same bed as the young lady? And the answer to that would be an emphatic
I struggled to draw in breath. Gunshots rang out steadily around me, and the sounds of men crying out in pain echoed all over the pass. A particularly concussive blast exploded somewhere near the slope and I gasped aloud.
Holmes' breaths were starting to come in quick, labored bursts. His head slumped forward against my shoulder.
I expressed as much to Holmes as the two of us entered the Diogenes Club together. We had thought it best to take Madame Valladon back to Baker Street, as our visit here may have caused her undue distress. Upon hearing my concerns, Holmes rolled his eyes in exasperation.
I sighed appreciatively. "Oh, good, thank you very much! I'm sure there must be an old nightgown of mine that she can wear. I'd be happy for her to stay in my room for the night, too."
who would not pass judgment upon me... then perhaps I might stop feeling so damned miserable for once.”
My hands squeezed him more firmly as the unexpected intimacy of our position registered in my mind. His body was pressed so deliciously near to mine, the warmth of him calming and irresistible. We stood close enough that I could easily lean forward and erase the remaining distance between us. A chord of desire plucked deep in my stomach as my eyes traveled down to his lips.
She had shifted her attention to me as I moved about the room; now she appeared quite interested in the book that I held. With a smile, I sat back down in my chair and flipped through the pages until I came to a familiar piece. I cleared my throat and read aloud:
I heard a small, choked-off sound in front of me as I finished the poem. I looked up and saw that Gabrielle had buried her face in her hands. I rushed toward her, fumbling with the book, but the slim volume thumped loudly to the floor in my haste. I left it there, kneeling beside the bed and gripping Gabrielle's arm.
"But I came back and saw that Holmes had taken the bottles of drugs and was shooting them off the mantlepiece, one by one. Always a touch of the dramatic with that man, by God! He'll kill me with his theatrics one day, you mark my words. But I was relieved then that my ploy had worked. He made me very happy that day. I truly thought he had given up drugs for good until a month or so later, when I discovered that he was still injecting himself in secret. It broke my heart, but... I've just been doing my best to intervene since then. Hiding the bottles, diluting the cocaine, that sort of thing. It will take someone much more experienced than I to help him in that regard, and I've been looking into it in my spare time. Until then, however..."
“And now that I can lay myself completely before you, can toss aside the 'cold, unfeeling mask', all that matters to me is being here with
(Musical inspo.: "Sonata for Violin and Piano No. 5 in F major 'Spring' Op. 24 - Adagio molto espressivo" by Ludwig von Beethoven)
, I wondered? What if, by some accidental slip of the tongue, one of the dancers told the wrong person about Holmes and I? What would we do if the police
"And here I thought I’d finally be able to give my insufferable bore of a brother a piece of my mind," Holmes murmured. "But perhaps that can wait until another time."
"Do you think..." I stopped, cleared my throat, and started again. "Do you think Holmes ever misses Victor? Or wishes that they had another chance, to... to
I wanted to protest, to say to hell with the enemy troops, but I didn’t possess the strength to speak anymore. Soon, Holmes and I were on the move again, carefully treading our way toward the horse nearby.
"I scoured over half of London before I hit upon the right trail," he added, "and I am certainly glad to have returned triumphant from my ventures."
My hand trembled on the stem of my glass. I swallowed down the lump in my throat, praying that my intuition right now was correct, and said, "Things have changed between us these last couple days. I always hoped we might become more than friends, but I was convinced he did not feel the same way. I'm glad to say I was wrong... it's been a bit surreal, but also...
While Holmes continued to watch over Gabrielle, I hurried over to take the violin and bow off of the dining table and put them in their case.
Holmes chuckled and said, "If I had known, and if you hadn't shown up when you did, I doubtlessly would have stuck with my explanation of hemophilia. But I weighed the situation at hand with what I knew about other ballets I had come across. I deduced that Rogozhin and the others would not be the sort of people to run to the police. Why should they, since they welcome people of all sorts into their midst without batting an eye?"
She explained to us that he was working for some company known as Jonah Limited. She had been receiving letters from Emil fairly regularly, with the address marked as Ashdown Street. When their correspondence halted abruptly, Gabrielle suspected that something terrible had happened. She traveled from Brussels to London to check on Emil. But when she went to the address from his letters, she found only an empty building. It appeared to have been abandoned for quite some time, and her husband was, of course, nowhere to be found.
Eventually Mrs. Hudson retired to her own rooms, and Holmes soon bid me goodnight as well. He had that particular gleam in his eyes that I knew all too well--the events of the evening still raced feverishly in his mind, and I doubted that sleep would come easily to him in such a heightened state. I would discover him once again pacing the length of our flat with long, deliberate strides or hear the quick, piercing notes of his violin resound from the sitting room.
A hard knot twisted inside my chest. I fisted my hands in the back of his vest, desperate to stay here, wrapped in his warm embrace and pressing kiss after kiss against his flushed skin. Now that I knew how he felt about me, that it
I smiled then. It was not difficult at all for me to remember the first time that I realized the depth of my emotions for Holmes--seeing him so sincerely invested in his work, running amongst the test tubes and other chemical instruments in the laboratory at St. Bartholomew's; his hearty smile and firm handshake upon our friend Stamford introducing us to one another. I often returned to my first published account,
A wave of tenderness swelled through me upon seeing my friend, usually a man of such a stoic and unaffected nature, letting me witness this side to him that was so vulnerable and sincere. The sight moved me so profoundly that tears began to well in my own eyes.
She passed me her parasol, which I accepted readily. I watched her mount the opening with careful, steady movements and then, with a deep breath, she fell through. The ends of her pale dress fanned out around her, the sound of fabric rippling briefly in the air.
My grip tightened reflexively upon Holmes' hand. I did not know how to answer--I feared I might break apart if I tried. Good Lord, how I wished that I could possess the same fiery courage and bold defiance as my dear one! While I
Breathing deeply, I turned and walked back toward Mycroft. After the heated conversation just moments ago between himself and his younger brother, I did not understand why Mycroft Holmes would care to discuss
I chuckled at that and lowered my hat back to its proper place. As the two of us turned to leave, Holmes’ hand stole into mine. He squeezed once, brief but firm, and I returned the gesture with warmth and certainty in my heart. We had sought out each other’s touch before, especially in times of danger, but also in times of distress. It was an unspoken promise between us--
Rather than bursting with excitement, as I had been on my previous journey to this place, I was filled with dread and suspicion. What did Mycroft Holmes know of Emil Valladon's disappearance? What of the canaries and the newspaper from Inverness, Scotland? And if he
We drew closer to the stairway at the end of the hall. We wouldn't be able to hold hands for much longer here, as much as we might want to. Slowly, and with just a touch of reluctance on both our parts, Sherlock Holmes and I let our hands separate and return comfortably to our sides.
I've always said that Holmes possesses more strength than his lean frame would otherwise suggest, and this certainly still held true. His powerful arms were looped around my waist, and his hands pressed securely into the back of my coat. He breathed out a relieved sigh into the space between us.
Holmes dragged me from my swirling thoughts. He had turned his hand over so that our palms touched; slowly, he laced our fingers together and gave me a comforting squeeze. The simple act and sensation made my heart swell. I had to swallow down the overwhelming pressure that crept up into my throat.
"Would you care to explain," I said, through clenched teeth, "why in God's name that young lady is sleeping in
The men of the company circled loosely around us as Rogozhin spoke. They were all quite handsome, well-built young men; up close, I could appreciate even further the delicate handiwork of their costumes and the subtle placement of makeup on their cheekbones. The whole effect was quite remarkable--whoever kept up the appearances of all the dancers truly knew what they were doing.
for me to form an intimate relationship,” he said. “The last time I did was when I was at university, with a man that I had already known for some time as a friend. I didn't think I'd have that sort of opportunity again until the two of
This time, I was successful. The embrace lasted for only a few seconds, but it was the most extraordinary feeling in the world. It obviously had a profound effect on Holmes, as well. He sighed, a slow, content sound, and then he revealed one of the most genuine, unguarded smiles that I had ever seen on him.
I awoke the following morning with a splitting headache. That was, of course, to be expected after my liberal consumption of alcohol, but I wished now that I had shown a little more restraint. With a groan, I rolled carefully out of my bed and shuffled over to the mirror to examine myself.
Holmes said nothing, but when I glanced upward quickly there was visible tension gathering in his shoulders, like a much too tight bowstring preparing to snap.
I stumbled across the Maiwand pass, still desperately searching for any fellow soldiers to bring to safety. My shoulder and leg were a ruined mess of blood and agony--the jezail bullets which struck me had come while I was trying to assist some of our Indian troops who'd fallen. But the damaging bullets forced me to take cover, to retreat, until those troops were a long ways behind me now.
“I know,” said Holmes, his eyes darkening like thunderclouds, “but we have to follow the retreat back to the ravine. We need to try and avoid the Ghazi troops around there, as well. You've done everything you
"Good," Holmes said. "You're doing good, dear fellow. Don't forget to lean on your good leg to give yourself a bit of leverage. Try to push off from the ledge as you're coming down, but
I attempted to look dumbfounded, and even managed to produce some inarticulate noises of dismissal. But of course, Holmes wasn't moved by the performance.
The subtle lilt at the end of my name signaled to me that he wasn’t completely certain what I did or did not recall. I could not blame him, for alcohol did sometimes have the power to meddle with one’s memories if enough of it was consumed. Thank God that it had not seemed to affect me in such a way on this occasion (although the sharp pounding in my skull
of it," he went on. "I was tired of having to conceal how I felt about you for so long, convinced that it would never be reciprocated. What an unobservant fool I was, truly! But I thought to myself last night, if I could
Holmes grunted. "Yes, I'd noticed that. Do come in, won't you? You're letting in a draft from the hall."
like to try and discuss it," I began. My voice wavered, threatening to shrivel back into my throat, but I pressed on regardless. "But please understand, Holmes, that this won't be easy for me. I don't even know where to
I handed him a butter knife from the table without comment. I barely had time to register what he actually
God, how I wanted to believe my dear Holmes... to believe that our private lives could remain our own wonderful secret and that
Holmes found the knife, chisel, and hammer sections, and then he got to work on the bars. For the next several moments, the only sounds were of the harsh slides of metal against metal. I was kneeling next to Holmes, trying to keep my weight on my good knee. Our climb on the ladder had not boded well for my old war wounds--my left leg and shoulder each gave a dull, familiar twinge. But I tried steadfastly to ignore this as I watched my companion work.
come within the province of the private detective. They have to be dealt with on an altogether different level."
My cheeks burned even further under his scrutiny. Of course I should have known that Holmes would do this, would be able to deduce my mood in an instant. But that made it no less challenging to bolster my nerves for the conversation that was to come.
It thrilled me sincerely to hear him speak about those feelings between us. Until several hours past, I had not really considered the possibility that Holmes experienced the same depth of feeling for me as I always had for him. A handful of times over the years, perhaps, I might have fancied that a certain glance or remark from him had meant more than he was letting on. But I had dismissed those musings just as swiftly as they entered my mind. Now, to consider that these may have been subtle hints on Holmes' part, it seemed as though that terrible weight on my soul was lifting more and more by the moment.
made toward Victor and my brother, if they did not end their relationship immediately. That they would be exposed, be made outcasts of society, and all of that insufferable nonsense. I loathe to think what exactly might have happened to
"Oh, good Lord." At first, I interpreted the statement as a groan; but as Holmes turned around, I saw that my friend was struggling to stifle a fit of laughter. "Did you know that the only reason we were invited to that little soirée in the first place, Watson, was so that Madame Petrova could set me up as her husband? And she even had the nerve to offer me a genuine Stradivarius for my troubles! Isn't that absurd?"
"Oh, dash!" she exclaimed abruptly. The tray rattled in her grasp as she halted her movements. "Will
Now, as I trembled fiercely from the terror and exhaustion of the battle, I lay stretched out at the base of a small slope and tried to readjust the hastily-applied tourniquet upon my shoulder. I'd have to find something to staunch the wound on my leg, as well, if there was even enough time to do so.
Holmes glanced at the telegram that Mycroft had laid upon the desk. He was, like I, clearly interested in the contents of that message which had prompted such an odd response.
with my threat, that I would leave him to his own destruction, that he'd see our friendship meant more to him than any cocaine or morphine solution
of doing such a thing! Why should any person be punished for feelings that are beyond their control? I must keep hope that this odious, narrow-minded society will one day open its eyes and realize that human beings should
to find Holmes. I didn't know the entirety of what he'd told to Rogozhin and Madame Petrova, but I knew that this was a matter that required my immediate attention.
"Ever since Stamford took me to see you," I said aloud softly, "and you deduced that I'd been to Afghanistan. And every moment after that, I've kept thinking to myself how I've never met so charming and wonderfully clever a person as you before. And every day, I long to be someone you can trust and someone you might...
"I don't know,” he said. “I’ve often found myself wondering if the flash of pain in his eyes, or the sort of wistful smile on his face, has meant more than he’d care to admit. But I’ve stopped wondering now. Because I believe my brother is much more concerned about keeping a certain kind-hearted doctor around... wouldn't you say?"
And I had vowed, right then, that every time I looked upon my friend and colleague Sherlock Holmes, I would try my damnedest to unravel the mystery of those multitudes contained within him. I alone would spend countless days and nights categorizing those virtues and flaws in my mind; and with each cherished moment between us, I would succumb a little more to the passion and devotion that I carried in my heart for him.
These were silly, pointless questions, of course, for Mycroft's attitude seemed quite plain to me now. But the lingering doubt in my mind compelled me to ask him anyway.
Gabrielle seemed to be faring quite well, I thought, even with all of the present circumstances taken into account. She did not have significant difficulty with walking or speaking, and there was also no dilation of the pupils, which would have concerned me even more greatly. As of now, the foremost issue stemmed from her memory loss. Although it was not strictly necessary, I wished to keep her awake for just a few hours to make certain that no other serious symptoms presented themselves.
unexpected!" I paused, for perhaps an interval or two longer than I had intended. "I, er, take it that you...
I found my voice at last, and I asked in a quiet, teasing tone, "Is this an attempt at courting, my dear Holmes?"
I finished off the last of my wine before remarking, "Your brother and I must really be an open book to you, then, Mycroft."
somewhere, was a weight that no one should have to bear. I knew that if I was in the same position--if
Soon, the opening lay unobstructed for us. Holmes swung himself onto the ledge and dropped down into the room first. He landed gracefully on his feet, and soon waved at us to follow him when he straightened up.
of all people would attempt to do anything uncouth. Holmes, in the meantime, went to hand the teacup over to Gabrielle. She accepted it hesitantly, her hands trembling all the while; at Holmes' calm insistence, she lifted the cup to her lips and took a couple of brief sips.
Reluctantly, Holmes pulled away from our embrace. His eyes twinkled, and that perpetual air of sadness had been banished from them for the first time in quite awhile. But the smile on his lips was a rueful, resigned one.
So even with that terror weighing so solidly upon me, threatening to unsettle my nerves and my hope, this was something I vowed that I would do everything to fight for.
," I whispered. I clasped my hands and tried to keep my breathing even. " You don't know what it means... to... to hear someone be so
"There's no sense worrying about propriety when a young woman and her husband could both be in significant danger, Watson," he said. "I mean to find answers, and I shall do that using whatever means are necessary."
“Then, just as I was leaving, I heard a gunshot inside the flat. For that brief moment, I thought one of my worst nightmares had just come true... that Holmes had..."
“I suppose I slept fine, thank you," I eventually managed. “But my head feels as though it is being squeezed in a vice.”
I nodded at her, then I ascended onto the small ledge to finally began lowering myself down. However, at that moment, a piercing spasm went up my left leg and locked my half-bent knee into place. The pain caught me so off guard that I halted immediately, suspended halfway through the opening. My arms trembled from the effort of maintaining my grip on either side of the rough stone.
Holmes had thrown on his own robe, a pale, dusty brown one that flattered him superbly. He had also neglected to tidy up his hair; those wild, messy curls had often been quite distracting to me, in that Holmes seemed to become even more handsome with an untamed look. Today was certainly not the exception in this regard.
"I should think I know my dear doctor by now," he said, with just the slightest smirk plucking at the corners of his mouth. "The nervous twitch of your eyebrows and the slight tremor in your hands are quite obvious indications to me that you are not feeling at ease. These factors, along with your currently persistent habit of avoiding eye contact with me for more than a few moments, informs me a great deal. So naturally, I would deduce that some event at tonight's festivities has given you an unpleasant start and you are hesitant to discuss it openly."
was the one missing--I would do everything within my power to find him. By God, I would tear the whole of London down if I had to!
I pursed my lips and mumbled, "Am too," and before Holmes or my nauseous stomach could prevent my actions, I leaned forward once again to peck my dear friend on the lips.
"First of all," he said, clasping his hands together, "I'd like to apologize for my blunt remarks. I assure you that it is not directed personally toward either you or my brother. But when I become involved in such delicate matters as this, I tend to get a little...
The hush that fell over the room following my pronouncement was absolutely deafening. I desperately searched Holmes' face for a sign, for
, mind you, for even I can see that she's an attractive woman. But how would you feel, Watson, if a complete stranger told you out of the blue that they wanted you to father their child? It was all just too much. So, after you burst into the room like that tonight, I seized on the first idea that came to my mind."
"Hmm? Oh, yes! Yes, I did." I lingered on the threshold, uncertain how to organize my thoughts and bring up the subject I so keenly wanted to bring up. "I'm sorry that I didn't leave with you earlier tonight. I'm afraid I got a bit, ah,
someones that she does not know, and is now forced to stay under the care of two men whom she has also never met before. Such a situation would merit
"However, many in Victor’s family were less than keen about their growing relationship. The only notable exception was Victor's father. He loved and supported his son, and treated Sherlock with just as much respect. But others in the Trevor family were downright
I rushed to my bedroom like a jockey's horse at full gallop. The door was ajar when I approached, just enough that I could stick my head across the threshold and peer inside. Mrs. Hudson was right—Gabrielle
"Why?" I demanded, although I didn't exactly know what I expected from him at this point. "Why would you choose
I hadn't given much thought about Holmes' association with Victor at the time; and indeed, the man's name had escaped my mind entirely until Mycroft brought it up. And now I remembered what Holmes had told me days ago, as well -- about having a relationship with a man while in college. I knew it couldn't be a coincidence. This man
"You’ve given my brother a great deal to live for,” he said. “I don’t think anything could ever quite express my gratitude. But I shall certainly still try. That is genuine silk, by the way, and it would make a fine addition to any gentleman’s breast pocket.”
Holmes smiled at me, and as he removed his gloves, he said, "Excellent, my dear fellow! Yes, indeed. Now pass me that knife, won't you?"
He took my good arm and wrapped it across his shoulders. He held my arm in place with one hand, and with the other, he supported me around the waist. This whole effort took a few long, agonizing minutes. Once we got moving, I focused instead on moving my feet, on listening to Holmes' gentle reassurances, on
," I protested, "and I'm certainly not some cad or low-life who would stoop to taking advantage of a vulnerable young woman!"
I could just make out the troubled twitch of Sherlock's mouth in our dim quarters. He reached out again and settled his arm around the middle of my back. I sighed and let my head fall against his shoulder.
Once I had crossed the room and settled down in my usual chair by the fireplace, I asked, "So, did everything go well with Madame Petrova?"
I must say that it was truly a sorry sight. We were greeted by a crumbling brick facade, with paint cracked and peeling in dozens of places. The front windows had been painted over in a sickly greenish-brown color; at the right angle, I could see how the mid-morning light captured ghostly outlines of the lettering which had once been present on the glass. Occasionally a few passersby came into view, mainly trades people judging from some of the tools they carried, but they all gave the building a wide berth.
Nodding, relieved beyond further words, I returned to his neck and began to press slow, gentle kisses down to his collarbone and shoulder. His next breath turned into a thrilled, shaking moan, and it was yet another reassurance for me that we understood one another, that all was right in our little universe. He pulled me closer, winding his arms tightly around me, and I did the same, until it seemed that we should coalesce into one being and never part from each other again. In that moment, I felt a blissful sense of peace... a peace that I had not known for years.
Afterwards, when we had officially moved into our lodgings at 221B Baker Street, I also remembered the list I had made concerning Holmes' particular areas of expertise (and lack thereof). He had laughed upon discovering the draft of my list one evening, shortly after the Strand published my full story, and remarked, "How very methodical of you, Watson.
"Aha!" cried Holmes. He stuck his hand through a gap in the bars and pointed downward. "Just as I thought. This is the space which was visible from the road."
But it had been a difficult path to tread--who I could trust, who I knew would simply see me as a fellow human being and not as some "abomination" or "sodomite," or whatever other malicious term that some members of society wished to throw around. A pervasive sense of fear lingered in the back of my mind, and I would often catch myself thinking,
Such concerns had not occurred to me in this instance, but now a familiar, uneasy tremor ran down my spine. What if Holmes was
Warning for some implied drug use, as well as implied homophobic attitudes in this chapter! (Nothing graphic on either count, but I wanted to give everyone a heads up)
After some last hurried remarks between us, I finally took my leave of Mycroft. I put on my bowler hat and moved to give his handkerchief back. However, he insisted that I hang on to it.
At last the two of us separated, and I almost groaned at the loss of his presence next to me. Sometime, I vowed that I would try and prove to him even further how much he meant to me. I wanted him to know exactly how much the slightest touch or the briefest look from him set my heart fluttering.
"As I've said, you care about Sherlock a great deal," he said. "And let me just say, I appreciate everything you've done for my brother these last five years. I know that he cares just as much about you, as well. He
"Of course he'll be difficult, Watson," he said. He drummed his fingers impatiently on his cane as we strode with purpose toward the stairs. "But that has hardly stopped me from uncovering other such closely-guarded secrets from my brother in the past! He is, of course, much cleverer than I am... I will still give him that. But he
Slowly, as I trembled and gasped for breath, the sights and sounds of Maiwand began to fade away. After several long moments, I opened my eyes to a darkened room. I was sprawled out in a bed, the sheets tangled around my legs. Someone's arms were around me, with a comforting voice near my ear, and there was the faint smell of tobacco, as well.
"I'm sorry to put this upon you, Mrs. Hudson," I said, "but after this young lady has had some tea, would you mind helping her out of her wet clothes?"
We turned back. Mycroft had straightened up from his perch on the edge of his desk. Now he stood at the head of the table in the middle of the room, with one hand resting on the chair in front of him.
"You were in there for almost half an hour, Watson!" he exclaimed. He had been sitting on a cushioned bench several yards away from the door. Now, he sprung to his feet and approached me. "Are you all right? What did...?"
I leaned forward to kiss Holmes again, this time on the lips, but an intense rush of nausea seized me just then and I began to tip sideways. Holmes firmly gripped both of my arms to keep me upright. The maelstrom in my stomach receded a little, and I relaxed into his embrace again. It felt so right to have him hold me close. A wonderful, unbidden shiver ran through my body at the thought of what he could possibly do with those lovely hands of his.
I often prided myself on the ability to articulate my thoughts and experiences well. Part of that sentiment, I supposed, came from taking up my pen as a writer after being discharged from my Afghan regiment. That sort of profession, even a part-time one, certainly required a certain succinctness of expression as well as a bit of a poetic flourish--although my friend and colleague Sherlock Holmes often scoffed at my creative embellishments. I was particularly proud of the accounts I had penned concerning myself and Holmes, and I suspected that--deep down--my friend was pleased to have gained such a notable reputation throughout London as a consulting detective from those very accounts of mine.
"Did you enjoy yourself tonight, old fellow?" asked Holmes over his shoulder. He was sitting at the table with his tobacco experiment, one arm stretching toward the back of the apparatus; he appeared to be tinkering with one of the valves. Thankfully, Holmes had refrained from lighting the various cigars and pipes and unleashing another gray, heavy atmosphere into the room. At the very least, I could reassure Mrs. Hudson on that point.
Holmes and I exchanged looks of confusion. What could this be about, then? I held Holmes' gaze for another moment, then nodded, signaling that I would be all right. I felt him give my shoulder a light, comforting squeeze as he departed the room.
Before I even had a moment to collect myself, Holmes turned and bounded up the stairs with the sprightliness and mischief of a wild rabbit. He took the steps two at a time, and as I watched, he looked back over his shoulder to throw me a smug smirk. I passed a hand across my flushed face, fighting the nervous urge to laugh.
toward the two of them. I cannot bear to repeat some of the foul, demeaning words that they hurled at Sherlock as well as Victor."
"The two of them had always been fond of one another," he said. "They met as children and were practically inseparable. I even remember some of the games they used to play. Sherlock would dress up as Captain Ahab and Victor was his first mate, Starbuck. Sometimes they would go into the garden at our family's ancestral home, looking for the Great White Whale or even hidden treasure. A few years passed, and there were some unknown circumstances that forced the Trevor family to move elsewhere. Something to do with Victor's father, I believe, although I never got a satisfactory answer. Sherlock and Victor didn't meet again until Oxford. It was, to my mind, only natural and fitting that the two of them should become reacquainted and this time, fall in love.
(Images of Robert Stephens and Colin Blakely, and of pride flags, retrieved from Google. Edited with Photoshop Mix.)
It was no use arguing with him, especially with Mycroft present, so I let the matter drop. We were just making our way to the door when quite suddenly, Mycroft exclaimed, "Just a minute!"
“A gold watch, No. 97163, by Barraud, of London. Gold pin—bull-dog’s head, with rubies as eyes. Russian leather card case, with the cards of Enoch J. Drebber of Cleveland.”
Clenching spasms wracked his physique as he fired a cannonade of cum. The vision of it shooting over his head, coupled with the sensation of his puckering hole, sent me over the ledge as well. With an almost lupine howl, I expelled my offering into Stamford’s twitching aperture. Drained, I collapsed down into his awaiting arms. Satiated men, we both fell promptly asleep.
He pointed at my crotch, where the outline of my rock hard equipment was visible through my trousers. Flummoxed, I did my best to cover it up. I took a swig from the offered glass. “Listen, Holmes. I am as libertine as the next man but I was not expecting to find you like this.”
Holmes had whipped a tape measure from his pocket and was trotting noiselessly about the room, sometimes stopping, occasionally, kneeling, and once lying flat on his face. So engrossed was he with his occupation that he appeared to have forgotten our presence, for he chattered away to himself under his breath the whole time, keeping up a running fire of exclamations, whistles, groans, and little cries of suggestive encouragement and of hope. As I watched him I was irresistibly reminded of a pure-blooded well-trained fox-hound as it dashes backwards and forwards through the covert, whining in its eagerness, until it comes across the lost scent. For twenty minutes or more he continued his researches, measuring with the most exact care the distance between marks which were entirely invisible to me. In one place he gathered up very carefully a little pile of grey dust from the floor, and packed it away in an envelope.
It was then that Hope came, shooting forth a viscid dollop of white semen in an arc that covered his chest and face. So lost was he in his randy fantasy that he slathered the ejaculate all over his lips, licking the delectable man-cream and pretending it was Strangerson’s.
The whole thing occurred in a moment—I could barely process the scene. Holmes’ words and their import floundered in my mind.
The men of the establishment duly laughed, a hearty communal sound that cut through the sentimentality we all were feeling at watching the proceedings before us. Hope and Strangerson’s love had filled us each with pride and delight, and seeing the two of them partake in the trappings of matrimony made my heart swell. It didn’t matter that their ceremony was not legally binding. It didn’t matter that I could never have imagined the sight of a man marrying another man a few short months ago. The only thing that was important was their proclamation of everlasting love to one another here before this exalted community.
Holmes continued: “But I must say, Watson, I am surprised. You are giving Gregson a fine education in male bonding, but appear to be withholding half the pleasure.”
At this moment, I sensed a wet tongue on my exposed arsehole. Looking back, I saw the cinnamon-skinned Moslem youth who had shared his huqqa with me yesterday. His long-lashed eyes and grizzled beard peeked up from between my cheeks and I winked at his instinctive consummation of my innermost desires. He continued his torrid exploration of my backdoor as I began to slip in and out of the astonishing aperture beneath me. To fuck while being analingually stimulated in such a manner was a nearly-overwhelming feeling and it took most of my willpower not to ejaculate on the spot.
And gratifying your own desires in the process, I thought, though I didn’t utter this idea aloud. Instead, I said: “Do you mean to say that you can deduce the precise sexual desires of any man who you see on the street?” This was among the points in my list that I considered to fantastical to believe.
Allowing a thin stream to drizzle on Stamford’s hole, I licked my lips. As if his posterior did not look delectable enough, the cocoanut oil would now impart a certain savoir faire to the tang of his arse. My tongue slid eagerly between his cheeks and found its target as Stamford mewled with delight. Throwing his head back, he muttered incomprehensible syllables. I had to grab my aching shaft and rub it a few times to relieve the sexual pressure as my nose and tongue dove forward.
Startled, Hope wondered how his friend had known that there was more to this story. But seeing that Strangerson would not be satisfied to end things here, he began again to speak of his time with the Lakotas.
Holmes watched this action with lust and slid up beside me, placing one arm around my shoulder. With his other hand, he undid his own trousers, releasing the soft form of his monstrous entity. “You rather enjoy sucking large members, don’t you, Drebber?” he said.
“What the deuce is it to me?” he interrupted impatiently; “you say that we go round the sun. If we went round the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or to my work.”
But at a debaucherous celebration in their honor, the married couple was in high demand and so it was not too long before Strangerson and Hope were called away to engage with other gorgeous men. Holmes and I stood there a moment after they left, grinning at one another like schoolboys. A nervous tickle spread through my belly as he approached within inches of my face.
I shook my head. “Perhaps. Though the person who wrote it would be best to keep their mouth shut in public.”
“My eyes bulged at this surprise, though Napayshni seemed to have expected it. As he continued grinding our implements together, he twitched open and closed his rearmost aperture, allowing my finger to slip in and out. I realized that he was showing me with his body what to do with my own. Feeling the force of his hand on my sphincter, I tried to follow his lead, though it seemed easier to tighten rather than loosen the ring. Napayshni laughed and kissed me again, telling me it would take practice to master these motions.”
“Should anyone here object to this union…” Holmes said with a mischievous smile plastered to his face. “Then please do shut up about it for nobody cares.”
“What was it like,” asked Strangerson. “Among the cattlemen of the frontier? You’ve said so little to me about that chapter of your life.”
Pretty soon, the convulsions were too much for both of us. Stamford’s blue eyes glanced up at mine, entreating us to go over to the nearby bed. I was only too happy to oblige. He stood once again and pressed his face to mine, our bodies caressing one another. It felt so good to wrap my arms around his shoulders and feel the pressure of his own strength, his chest pressed to mine, his hips against my own. We whispered tender delights into each others’ ears.
Stamford laughed. “It is not that, John,” he said. “Holmes is a little too scientific for my tastes—it approaches cold-bloodedness. But it is also that he is not a man who can be contained by another individual. He follows his own whims and desires and apparently has quite a fruitful time of it.”
As the weeks went by, my interest in him and my curiosity as to his aims in life gradually deepened and increased. His very person and appearance were such as to strike the attention of the most casual observer. In height, he was rather over six feet and lean enough to appear taller. His eyes were penetrating and ever-watchful, save during those periods of torpor which I have earlier alluded to; and his hawk-like nose gave his whole expression and air of alertness and decision.
“Why Watson,” said Holmes, grinning at the carnal sight before him. “My impression was that we’d agreed to keep such things confined to the bedrooms.”
I’d once asked Holmes about the characters of the two Scotland Yarders he worked with. The pick of a bad lot, he’d replied, and as jealous of his deductive skills as a pair of professional beauties. Holmes had assured me that both Gregson and Lestrade were quick and energetic, but conventional—in every respect. Early on, he’d suspected that they “had their knives into one another,” a slang term for men of our persuasion who bed each other, but later he had changed his mind. Despite repeated attempts, neither the sour Lestrade nor his cheerier partner had ever given in to Holmes’ self-described charms. Looking at Gregson’s reddened face now, I wondered whether or not my dear flat-mate ever made mistakes in his assessments.
“Let me see—what are my other shortcoming. I get in the dumps sometimes, and don’t open my mouth for days. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and soon I’ll be alright. What have you to confess now? It’s just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to live together.”
Spotting another circle of burly men, I walked over and got down on the floor between them. Their previous cocksucker had just departed and so I offered my services to the proffered appendages, each wet with spit and pre-ejaculatory fluid. A half dozen dicks surrounded me now and I took one in each hand and a third in my mouth, delighting as the remainder took turns slapping my face with their shafts and bullocks. My existence became nothing beyond the consuming of cock as each man took his turn between my lips.
“I’ve simply never been in a place where love was both offered and taken so freely. To me, affairs of the bedroom have always remained behind closed doors. Seeing them exposed in this manner is more disorienting than I would have expected.”
“Though he the penetrated one, Napayshni was completely in control of our sexual session, bouncing up and down on my dick and howling with utter abandon, his body beautiful and divine. The experience of my member sliding in and out of his tight pucker was incredible while the sight of his gigantic cock springing about and leaking a steady stream of fluid brought me to untamed vistas of delight. This was apparently Napayshni’s intention for he stopped just before I reached my orgasm and pulled his body off mine.”
Gregson remained rigid and aloof, giving me no indication of his thoughts. The man began to colour even more. “That would have been entirely inappropriate.”
I turned to see that the couch I’d chosen was not as private as I first believed. An appealing man sat in the dark corner, his body half wreathed in shadow. His skin was cinnamon brown, his eyes dark as midnight, his lashes long and lovely. He appeared to be in his early twenties, though the top of his head was bare and smooth, and a finely-trimmed beard of wiry black hair plastered his cheeks. He was shirtless and I could see another tuft of coarse hair covering his pectoral muscles and nipples.
He gave an affirmative grunt, too lost in pleasure to properly respond. His sphinctral muscles reflexively spasmed, enjoyably compressing the article I had lodged inside him. Gregson howled with delight, his sensory systems no doubt overcome by the novel incidents they were experiencing. I tipped back my hips ever so slightly, just to see how lenient his hole would be, and found that the man was going to make for a fine cock-bearer—his exquisite orifice was already quite supple.
“What were you and Strangerson doing the last time you saw one another?” Holmes asked. He now brought himself quite close to Drebber, locking eyes with the older man.
Caught up in a riot of sensations, I knew the next thing I needed—to feel Saul’s thick hardness opening up my aperture. It was not an indulgence I always dallied in, but there were times when no other position could satisfy my urges. Taking control, I shuffled out from beneath Saul and flipped him over on his back. He wriggled on the bed excitedly, wondering what I had in store. Straddling him like a horseman, I arched my buttocks, grabbing his shaft and rubbing it against my hole. An itching need had started to spread throughout my opening. The feeling of his massive cockhead temporarily relieved it, but I required even greater pleasures.
Seeing his friend’s joylessness, Hope reached out and took Strangerson’s hand in his own. The electric touch of their fingers caused a dual twinge in each man’s chest. “It is simply…” stammered Strangerson. “I wish that I could see the world. It seems to contain such wondrous things, and I have been confined here to our small corner of life. Tell me, Jeff, tell me about your adventures elsewhere.”
Then night came, and there was a candle and a table and a series of unfortunate questions, and a chase that warmed him from his skin to the marrow of his bones. Sherlock’s footfalls were dulled knocks along the damp walls of the London alleyway, reverberating with equal precision on the sides of John’s skull.
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, it would seem the articulation of my emotions is still a ways from being . . . desirable. What I mean is that . . . I only expect you to be John. I do not want you to be John Watson, honourably discharged soldier, or John Watson, widower, or John Watson, unwitting partner to the world’s most annoying professional, if it is not what you want to show me. You are the one that matters the most, in whatever manner . . . you are willing to give . . . yourself . . . to . . . me . . . ?” Sherlock scrunched up his nose, the other wonderfully aged lines of his face following, like little paths to mark what they’ve seen, where they’ve been, how they’ve felt and on what scale. “That was terrible. I think you should strike me for that.”
She coughed. “May I have your receipt for curing the bumblefoot, ma’am? I collect Charlotte requested it in her last, and I omitted to send it. No doubt this is why she writes again so soon.”
daughter. But I think, ma’am, some return for your earlier intelligence is in order. I do not know if you are aware that your brother went to some lengths last year to acquire an opinion of canon law, touching on a certain subject relevant to the throne of Gondal–?”
Pleasure rushed through her. Charlotte: the very person with whom to discuss her present dilemma. Jane would be all on the side of writing, from sympathy for the Princess, love for Uncle John and a settled belief that whatever people might hint about King James, he must at bottom have sufficient family feeling and goodness of heart to appreciate any attempt to cheer his kinswoman in her foreign exile. Elizabeth could open the matter fully to her friend and count on her good sense and judgement.
The housekeeper nodded. “Yes; an express came yesterday. We expect Miss Georgiana and the master here by dinner time tomorrow, with a large party of friends.”
Harriet had it on the excellent authority of Mrs Hill (who had met and conversed with Mrs Nicholls, the Netherfield housekeeper, while the latter was putting in lavish orders at the butcher’s against her master’s return) that Mr Bingley would be opening the season on his own estate, despite having had many flattering offers from landed proprietors across the realm.
It was not, as her father had hinted, that he lacked the capacity for love. As Harriet had found out during those hot, agonised, stinking nights, Clarence could love as deeply as any man on Earth. But he knew the pain love could bring, and in the final extremity he shrank from it.
If he guessed wrong, then one of the greatest secrets of Gaaldine would go straight to the Pretender. But he’d seen the Queen of Gaaldine setting out with cold glee to entrap the sea wolves of Gondal who had despoiled her land and he’d seen what the Crown Prince had left of the fleet which had sailed into Alwentport, all guns firing and pennons at the masthead. What he’d seen on both their faces had been mirrored in Miss Hooper’s a few moments before.
But even Mr Collins had not dreamt of throwing her supposed inferiority of birth or the vulgarity of her connexions in her face.
“They would,” Jonathan interjected. “Not the kind of business any of their customers would want to see being put on the regular account. And I daresay their account for cleaning and refurbishment would be duly tendered to Miss Hooper in the ordinary course.”
“Mostly, I feel dreadful,” Charis said with precision. "Nauseous, exhausted and irritable. However, there are some intervals which when I feel
The first, Charles had indeed known, and the second at least made sense of Caroline’s relentless hints.
“I believe, Elizabeth, that as a mother you should put that point of view to Frances. And then, as one grown woman to another, accept her verdict as to whether she considers the game worth the candle.”
An offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy: incredible. More incredible: that he should have been in love with her for many months.
Not for the first time, Charles wondered how two children of the same parents could approach the world so differently. Also not for the first time he essayed to resolve his sister’s fears with reason, without the slightest faith in reason’s efficacy.
On the morning of the Gardiners’ departure, Elizabeth and Mrs Gardiner found themselves alone together in the smaller upstairs drawing room. Elizabeth’s suspicion that this was not by chance crystallised when Mrs Gardiner began with the following words:
“Such things have indeed been known in the Army,” Charlotte said, playing along. “I recall Mrs Long saying once there was a Surgeon-General took up his post when he was no more than three-and-twenty. Surely that must have gone by favour of someone, so why
All knew the Borders to be a debatable land: the riding families owned no law but that of necessity. Characterising a reiver raid in the Border Lands as an incursion in force by the Gaaldinians was a cheap tactic, one which any Council member in good standing ought to protest.
family of daughters. Even in this backwater, scandal reached them daily, another blessing of having a regiment in the district. Gossip from the capital, hot, fresh and salty enough to make her realise how little savour there had been in her life over recent years.
No. All was well – or would be, after his breakfast. Beer, bread and cold bacon did much to calm affrighted nerves, or so McAllister, Papa’s sergeant-at-arms (who had been at Vannstown, and therefore Knew) always asserted.
The green-gold of the park shimmered before her eyes. “But – such a one would be –” Such was the enormity of the idea, Elizabeth’s voice failed her.
“The Crown Prince has not wronged me, nor is the situation anything at all like whatever the Court speculates about.” With momentary bitterness, Frances added, “It would be delightful if things were that
Her aunt’s face became serious. “Harriet learned romance late in life. As a girl, she was all for the prudential motive. And your mother, as you know, is never less than whole-hearted about anything.”
Frances paused for a moment, and then decided, all things considered, it was worth the risk. “Perhaps, sir, it is because you do not blunt your sharp wits sufficiently to allow for the dullness of those around you. But what has John’s kin to do with spies?”
“Of course I have. Indeed, I took the Vice-Chancellor’s prize for my essay describing his strategies against Hannibal –”
“Whoever else lost that night, it was not Lady Abruzzi. Not by the end. The cards were running with her like Black Sea trout swimming upriver in spring. I think – your grace – your sister was wise to leave when she did. And I doubt I’m alone in thinking so.”
She hesitated, but only for a moment. This was not a time for reticence. “She was, in truth, the friend who sent me in your direction. If you are as well-informed as I believe you are, you will know Charis is on the road to Castle Cavron. She may already have arrived. She is certainly beyond the King’s order of recall, if she even acknowledged such a thing.”
“My brother states he writes only for my eyes. I must think on what he says. I shall walk in the grounds for a little.”
The last curve of the white dust road had opened up a new vista: two wooded headlands, curved inwards like a crab’s claws, enclosing a jewel-blue bay.
“Indeed, sir. Partiality. Anything which smacks of unequal treatment. We have three regiments here and to her late husband’s regiment Lady Abruzzi made a memorial gift of five thalers per man.”
“I daresay Mr Gardiner had some business worries and felt he needed to be on the spot to deal with them. It’s a very uncertain time for merchants, especially with all this brigandage going on, and everything having to be sent round by sea and so forth.”
Georgiana unlatched the coach door and descended to the road, looking back up to her chaperone in the coach.
A sudden pricking of tears told Elizabeth – if she even had any doubt – her true answer; she only hoped her duck of the head had sufficed to conceal her thoughts.
Mr Darcy remarked, with an air of casualness Elizabeth thought not wholly natural, “Among the party arriving tomorrow are some who will claim an acquaintance with you—Mr. Bingley and his sister. But there is also one other person in the party who more particularly wishes to be known to you. Will you allow me, or do I ask too much, to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your stay at Lambton?”
Contrary to normal custom, once they arrived at Rosings they were not shown into any of the great rooms of state. Rather, a footman escorted them through a series of winding passages to a part of the house Elizabeth had not entered before; a kind of glassed-in gallery built out on the south side of the building, with floor-to ceiling windows on three sides, a herringbone brick floor, and a fine array of miniature citrus trees in pots around the whole space. Despite the warmth of the spring day, fires burned in fireplaces at either end of the gallery. In the very centre, a small figure lay on a light wood sofa, swathed in bright shawls.
“And even knowing what you knew about your subordinate’s competence, you only dispatched a messenger to find out what might have become of Lieutenant Brenzaida, his wholly inadequate company and my sister Georgiana when his delay in returning to Deadholm Barracks had extended to a full
More than once, though, she caught Miss Hooper’s eye on her, with something unreadable in her expression. It intrigued her, so that on Lady Catherine’s bustling into the orangery to tell them that her niece was well overdue for a rest, and they must leave at once, Elizabeth was most pleased to hear Miss Hooper request that they both attend on her at the same time the next morning. They accepted with the most cheerful alacrity.
Mrs Long pursed her lips and admitted defeat. “Miss Duplessis, Miss Elizabeth Duplessis, Miss Lydia Duplessis and Miss Lucas. May I present Lieutenant George Wickham, of the Duke of Malham’s Own Regiment of Foot?”
“I beg your pardon, but I must leave you. I must find Mr. Gardiner this moment, on business that cannot be delayed; I have not an instant to lose.”
He started, visibly, but she had the floor, and would not be deterred from completing what she had to say.
“Practically before the action had really started, yes, sir. So naturally, when the Duke’s men showed up with the ladies, calling for us to lay down our arms and surrender, there wasn’t anything we could do. Lest the ladies be hurt, you understand. It was just after you’d been injured, sir, and were out cold.”
At the gorge’s mouth, lantern lights danced like fireflies as the Bishop’s party passed slowly into the mouth of the gorge. Julian, who had walked the route yesterday evening, knew how dark it would be beneath the shadow of those overhanging crags, how every slight sound – water dropping, stones dislodged by carriage wheels or by goats on the crags above – would be magnified, stretching each man’s nerves to snapping point.
Startled, Elizabeth jerked her head up to see suppressed anger in his expression. She hastened to mollify him.
He had never had the smallest particle of the dandy about him; even as a young man at court he had never bothered to primp and preen overmuch, even for grand occasions. In less than half a turn the Earl, dressed for the function ahead, was out on the forecourt of his townhouse, walking back and forth with the air of a man who felt that all his family were simply
A grey-clothed woman – no, he corrected, a grey-clothed lady – looked up from her embroidery as he entered, rose, and dropped him a curtsey. He boggled; she had to be at least in her thirties, if not her forties. An older sister of Mr Darcy of Pemberley – a half-sister, perhaps? But his orders – he resisted the temptation to feel for them inside his uniform jacket, though it was a struggle – had surely emphasised the
She rose, threw a shawl around her shoulders against what proved to be an entirely hypothetical morning chill, and walked out on to the terrace. The servants would not be stirring yet and it would be both arrogant and unkind to rouse them for her whim, but when they woke she might bespeak a cup of coffee, or perhaps a herbal infusion. Lately she had found herself pulled down by weariness; primed by Mama’s hints, she might wonder did she go increase, save that she was so far free of queasiness.
The small, blinking, dough-faced priest laid his hand on her arm. “Come with us my child. You are in need of refreshment: as much for the body as for the spirit.”
“I had thoughts of Charles Bingley.” Darcy’s studied casualness did not deceive his cousin. “He was much with us this summer and Georgiana quite came out of her shell. She remarked, when he left us, that it was almost like saying farewell to
Taking this for the pointed hint it clearly was, Peter allowed himself to be shepherded into a small closet where a bowl of steaming, scented water, towels and soap were already laid out. An appalled glance in the looking glass which had also been provided showed him how wise the butler had been. He could hardly uphold the might of the King’s commission covered in white dust and with his hair sticking to his head with sweat. He took rather longer than he had intended but felt much the better for it, almost up to the task before him.
Since Elizabeth’s arrival at Hunsford, Lady Catherine had repeatedly spoken of her niece Molly as Mr Darcy’s destined wife, albeit not in the presence of the man in question. The scene which had so recently taken place in Charlotte’s parlour had shown Elizabeth Mr Darcy did not see himself as bound to his engagement to his cousin. Nevertheless, she had yet to know the lady’s views on the matter. Miss Hooper might not have the power to compel Mr Darcy’s affections, nor, evidently, did his family’s expectations preclude him from thinking of another wife. Nevertheless, had any whisper of recent events reached Miss Hooper, Elizabeth was in no doubt that the King’s sister could make life more than unpleasant for a woman who had had the temerity to attract the man she expected to marry her.
“Oh, not the least thing in the world. I was speaking quite generally. I know not a scrap of harm of her, and she is a great favourite with a lady of my acquaintance, a Miss Caroline Bingley.”
“Care of him! Yes, I really believe Darcy does take care of him in those points where he most wants care. From something that he told me in our journey hither, I have reason to think Bingley very much indebted to him. But I ought to beg his pardon, for I have no right to suppose that Bingley was the person meant. It was all conjecture.”
She drew herself up straight. Bright points of scarlet showed on her cheekbones. “I cannot say that. I can, however, say that I met no-one
She favoured him with her most dazzling smile. It almost, Harriet thought, out-dazzled the sapphires in her ears. No man, no normal man, at any rate, no matter how much pain he might be in, was capable of withstanding
“We were not at Rosings the whole time, my lord. My lady spent some time at the villa in Elbe, accompanied by two ladies from her home town of Meryton, whom chance – I enquired, my lord, but could find no evidence of contrivance behind it – had brought to Hunsford. One of them was the niece of John Watson, a Miss Elizabeth Duplessis.”
For the first time in longer than she could remember, Elizabeth lifted her eyes to meet Mama’s and returned a direct answer to a direct question.
“I’m sorry; I am afraid you must have been wishing me away for some time, and I should be going. But I wish to God I could do something to ease your distress. I’m afraid this business will prevent my sister’s having the pleasure of seeing you at Pemberley to-day?”
his lady charges were being held captive in some remote location, away from this – whatever this complex was (something between a fortified farmhouse and a barracks, he thought, and judging by the incessant hammering, in the process of being significantly enlarged and rendered more defensible.)
Clarence, Harriet thought sourly, had never had to worry about the ageing effect of spectacles. Not three months after their marriage he had taken to using them when he wished to show her he was preoccupied with matters scholarly, and not to be disturbed. Now they were a permanent part of his armour: presumably this (together with the advantage of leisure) had allowed him to decode cousin Collins’ letter in full.
Darcy turned the letter over and over in his hands. He had no doubt it would be substituted by a convenient forgery containing the same or similar words written in any hand but that of Julian d’Ancona, were he to do the obvious thing and bid the guard commander to take it forthwith to the King.
Mr Darcy’s hand arrested him. “One moment. As you can see, I have taken steps to ensure we are alone. Nothing in our conversations need travel outside these four walls. But it is my sister’s life and good name at stake. I need you to know that what you may tell me here will not be shared with anyone, even the King, unless you give me leave. But please give me honesty, not diplomacy.”
As you can probably guess, Lady Catherine’s her relative. Or, to be strictly accurate, connexion. Her sister was Charis’ grandfather’s second wife.”
And now to turn the matter round like that! Holy Virgin, he was going to have to admit in front of Darcy – Darcy, who never took any step without considering it from all angles, Darcy who with a reputed income of thirty thousand thalers per year was more prudent than a younger son on a strict father’s allowance – that he had signed the lease of Netherfield before leaving Longbourn. Could he even give it up at the next quarter day? There had been something about minimum lease terms in the document the attorney had put before him, but he could recall nothing of the details.
caused her eyelids to flick up. The man standing before her wore huntsman’s garb in an odd, particoloured selection of dyes, so that the fractured light breaking through the trees danced across his body to create the illusion that he was himself disembodied, almost invisible. His eyes were still changeable as water over pebbles but frost had touched that mop of dark curls and the once-translucent skin had weathered and tanned. There were faint lines around the eyes and mouth.
And next time he had indeed seen several generations of the Hooper family commemorated in marble on the church walls. A little enquiry of Jeanette revealed it had indeed been the church in which Sir Vernon Hooper had married the widowed princess, in the dark of a winter’s morning and with only his arms-man and her maid for witness. So, no mystery here. Her family church, on her father’s side.
The figure raised a hand. “Please, forgive my not rising. I foolishly allowed myself to take cold on the road, and find myself absurdly feeble this morning. Thank you so much for coming to cheer me.”
Privately, Harriet took herself to the chapel of St Priscilla, patron of happy marriages, and lit candles. Publicly she urged upon Clarence his absolute duty to wait upon Mr Bingley as soon as possible, in the hopes of retrieving Jane’s matter even at this late date. He laughed at her. She went to bed late and woke headachy and cross.
The lovers made their escape only just in time. Moments later the doors to the parlour were thrown wide and their visitor entered.
Charlotte had almost forgotten Lydia, tagging along mulishly at the back of the little group walking into Longbourn village. To be honest, she tried where possible to forget Lydia, less from a sense that she had nothing in common with the youngest Duplessis sister than from an uncomfortable suspicion that they possessed more commonality than it would be politic to let Lizzie or Jane (“her own
as Acting-Sergeant Vaughan informed him, when his requests for an opportunity to assess the state of his captured subordinates were finally answered, they had all got off very lightly. Brenzaida’s own concussion and Trooper Ferris’ broken arm were, indeed, the entire extent of the butcher’s bill.
Elizabeth looked from the work to the artist, and back again. Her skill at drawing was no better than average, even for Meryton, but she had always loved looking at paintings, teasing out inner meanings behind their composition or letting them inspire wild flights of fancy to amuse Jane. The meaning behind this one unrolled as plainly as if written in red, in letters a foot high.
Or, alternatively, you can make pious noises to Maynooth to the effect that you are persuaded that the only reason you can think of why I would not have surrendered to my brother’s proclamation is that I must be dead, so that you are – following, I might remark, the example of the
. Despite the stifling heat of the carriage, Elizabeth felt suddenly cold. She had not enquired, but surely the villa to which they were travelling must be the same one in which Wickham had wormed his way into the affections of Mr Darcy’s sister, with disastrous results.
Mycroft was a highly-respected man in a number of political circles, and a very private man at that, too. According to Holmes, he often helped the government with many problems--both trivial and significant--from the comfort of his office at the Diogenes Club on Pall Mall. It was to this same club that Holmes and I were visiting once again.
Also me: *says screw that and decides to reimagine, like, a fairly good chunk of the film, because w h y  n o t*
As I reached for the back of my neck and gently rubbed at a spot near the top of my spine, I suddenly recalled the tumultuous events of last night. I turned to Mrs. Hudson and asked, “Oh, would you mind checking on our patient? I do hope she was able to stay asleep for the whole night.”
Here he broke off, struggling to catch his breath. At last, when he seemed to have gained some control back, he said softly, "But we
Only a fool would not be able to recognize the implications brought about by such claims. Somehow, Holmes must have indicated that he and I were together--as a couple--and that he fancied me in some romantic fashion. Were these supposed feelings he had true, I wondered? Had he always felt this way about our relationship? And if so, why had he confided these feelings with utter strangers before confiding them with me?
Holmes drew in a sharp, startled breath at my words. His eyes flickered downward for a moment; when he raised them again, I realized that they were glistening with tears. My mouth fell open in silent astonishment.
Holmes poured some tea for me as I sat down, and we enjoyed our breakfast in comfortable silence for a short time. I reached for the newspaper, hoping that I might summon the concentration required to read it and that the details of some interesting new case might be laid out there. But then I heard Holmes clear his throat, and I set the paper down at once.
Holmes had already woken up, and he was waiting for me at our small dining table. My stomach grumbled with appreciation at the sight of eggs, toast, and tea. My heart, on the other hand, fluttered as Holmes met my gaze and smiled.
I settled myself on the edge of the bed and wrapped my arms around Gabrielle's shoulders. She fell into my embrace at once, heaving for breath, as her tears gushed freely. The two of us sat in that fashion for a long time--I tried to whisper my reassurances that Holmes and I would reunite her with her husband, while her body shuddered from the effort of her grief.
For a few beats, Holmes didn't say a word. Part of me wondered how he had interpreted my statement, and the other part wished I knew exactly to what extent I
Gabrielle awakened shortly after Holmes and I began searching through her valise. Her memory had returned, a fact for which I was thankful, and she was able to tell us more about herself and her husband, Emil Valladon.
But then a gut-wrenching scream pierced the humid afternoon. Holmes and I both stopped in our tracks. A horrible chill shot down my spine as I helplessly looked out across the field, searching for that tortured soul.
He held my gaze as his shoulders relaxed, the bowstring finally loosening. Quite without thinking, I began leaning closer to him. I could smell the lingering odor of tobacco, and underneath that, the faintest whiff of the violet-scented soap he had used earlier in the evening. I drew closer still until I had tucked my face against Holmes' neck and settled my lips against the spot just below his right ear.
come to terms with myself over the years, I still could not entirely shake the terror rooted in my heart, knowing how the laws and views of so many others perceived me--perceived
He had anticipated our arrival, a fact that he’d made clear with his letter at Ashdown, and he greeted us amicably enough at first. The three of us even enjoyed some fine Madeira from 1814. He did not, however, seem particularly pleased to have us prodding around in the matter of Emil Valladon. He knew of the engineer and stated to us quite firmly to cease pursuing the case any further, for the nation’s security was indeed involved.
"You need not worry, Dr. Watson," assured Rogozhin. He patted my shoulder in what I assumed to be a gentle and kind manner. "We are not the sort of people to judge or condemn. To use a picturesque expression, we all have our own 'glass of tea'... yes? Madame Petrova is, of course, a little disappointed that things did not work out between Mr. Holmes and herself. But she has asked that I wish you both the best. So please, relax and enjoy yourself, and perhaps I might introduce to you to these fine gentlemen!"
"That is what I'm laboring to tell you, Holmes," I said. My initial anger was subsiding now, and I let out a long, tired sigh of frustration. "When Rogozhin told me what you said, it surprised me. It surprised me because I thought that you
Mycroft didn't respond right away. His mouth had tightened into a thin, firm line, and he seemed to be weighing his words carefully.
Holmes' hand slid to the middle of my back, and with the other hand, he brought a finger to his lips to shush me.
When I presented to him a somewhat lopsided flower I had just completed, he smiled and said, "I think your use of tones needs a bit of work, but otherwise, a good effort."
has. I've observed it in many ways, but especially in the way he looks at you -- like you're the center of the world in which revolves. He doesn’t look at very many people like that, you know.”
Holmes nodded. “I suspected as much. Come sit down and have some breakfast. Mrs. Hudson was kind enough bring it in a few moments ago.”
Holmes stiffened at the touch and drew in another sharp breath. I froze for a moment, uncertain whether to move away or remain where I was. But my better instincts soon took over and I withdrew from my position.
More screams echoed around us now. Louder and louder, relentless and excruciating. I squeezed my eyes shut once again and sobbed.
my dear Holmes! And I wish you hadn't felt as though a Russian ballet company would understand you better than I would."
usual. And for you and he to be together for five years now... well, that is certainly a good thing, is it not? So please, do not think us close-minded. The young ladies were surprised, I'm sure, but I promise you that they are just as welcoming as anyone else here!"
Holmes stood up and approached Mycroft calmly. "Speaking of limits, what exactly is 'Jonah Limited'?"
I swallowed back a hard lump that threatened to overtake my throat. The time for confronting those feelings--both Holmes'
Hiding Rosie’s face in his shoulder, John flipped off Sherlock with his free hand. Sherlock did not disappoint in his response.
Sherlock looked up at John’s silence. Whatever he saw made him follow up with, “Perhaps not a bullet then.”
Ah, so that was the heat on his cheeks. Laughing wetly, John wiped away the offending tears. “So I am.”
You experience the ground-shattering thunder of a firearm going off for the first time, and you are unable to sleep for days; you lose a loved one, feel their death in your soul as if it were your own, and you are helpless to find that piece of your heart once more; you say the wrong thing, have a bad thought, and suddenly you are the bringer of your own demise—the causer of your own destruction.
“I met her once, you know,” the Bishop mused. “There was a treaty or some such in train – there always seemed to be, in those years, not they ever came to much, not until the last one, when King Ambrosine demanded that boy as a hostage. Well, it would have been Queen Felicia’s notion, of course, but we all praised his Grace the King for his genius. One did, back then – Where was I? Ah. Yes. Even with all one thought one knew, there was a stillness about her. A depth. But the boy could not have been her own. The King of Gaaldine would not have suffered him to grow up in obscurity. It must have been her sister’s. They spoke of a sister, I collect.”
Thanks to the dowager’s gratitude, that summer the Watsons moved in a society better than they had ever known before, mingling on equal terms with the officers of the regiment encamped in summer quarters on the river meadows below the castle, and with their families. Harriet met with Ruth on the shores of Aspin water, and found her world, her very sense of self, forever changed in consequence.
Trooper Musgrave flicked up a quick salute, and departed along the indicated path at a smart trot before any counter order could be given. He was under no illusions: the insistence on finding a physician came entirely from the Sarge’s devious little mind. Their Rupert couldn’t find his arse with both hands and a flaming cresset, so the concept of covering the same against the wrath of those upstairs would be a foreign country to him.
“So: his grace declared the State Ball would be in the dress of forty years back, and Miss Hooper’s aunt arranged for the necklace to be sent up to town?” Frances prompted. “But instead of sending it directly to Miss Hooper, she arranged to send it to her brother, the Earl of Ula. Doubtless also at the King’s instigation?”
“We have no physician in the district,” Jane said, respectful and apologetic. "And I fear Mr Perry, our apothecary, is from home tonight. His eldest daughter is very close to her lying in –”
"Then I have a suggestion, based on something I heard in Elbe. The same argosy which, I am told, brought Lord Lestrade and his Moorish mistress –”
haven’t seen the full parure. These –” She held up the ear-bobs. ”They’re a very clever counterfeit. And if you saw them on their own, you’d probably be fooled, especially by candle-light. It’s only when you see them next to the real diamonds –”
Molly shifted her stance and became once more herself, neither a symbol or a phantom but most truly an enigma.
A small, assertive group of yarrow blooms at the bottom of the composition caught his attention. Had someone raided the still-room? Perhaps so: this odd arrangement also included the spiky grey-green of rosemary and the shiny, crinkled leaves of basil. It was when he spotted the deadly nightshade that he understood.
Mr Darcy looked sardonic. “Our lord the King does not give easy tasks to his chosen men. Nor does he readily forgive those who fail in their trust. My cousin, to speak truth, is not sure whether he is supposed to restore Lord Lestrade to his estates or to bring him to judgment for losing them. But I have bored you too long on military affairs. Tell me, how have you enjoyed your travels?”
Without a second glance, he stalked from the room. The fair man made a quick, shooing gesture towards Giulio, then followed his master.
The very air thickened in his nostrils, like the smoke of battle. The choice opening before him – that sort of decision was for the King’s Council, the Crown Prince, the King himself –
The day dawned brighter. The smell of fresh-made coffee drifting up the stairs lured Elizabeth downstairs to the breakfast room. The warmth of Charlotte’s smile as she entered even surpassed the warmth of the freshly baked rolls, nestled in the folds of a linen napkin.
The technical skill of the drawing was outstanding, beyond that even of the few drawing masters who had, in their day, come to Meryton and left dispirited at the almost uniform lack of artistic talent possessed by the ladies of the district. True, the quality of instructor available even to a poor relation of the House of Moriarty would be far beyond that to which even the Gouldings or Laceys had a claim, but all the instruction in the world could not compensate for the want of genius in a pupil. Such genius Miss Hooper had indeed, albeit of a peculiar cast.
She looked sidelong at Lydia. Mr Duplessis was known and feared in the neighbourhood for his sharp wit and his eccentricities but she had always sensed an air of defeat about him. Beneath the courtesy and fussiness her own father had much the same air. If Lydia ever staked her body on such a gamble she had best not rely on her father’s help to collect her winnings.
"Lady Abruzzi. The men can endure hardships one could hardly credit, had one not seen them happening. They will suffer, and suffer and not merely go on, but stay cheerful doing so. Harsh treatment they can and will take until the Last Judgment, but partiality –”
In the privacy of the garden, she stamped her foot. Return home, now? The very thing that, should Wickham hear of it, would cement him in his view that Lydia had no-one to stand up for her or fight for her interests?
“Nasty draught in here.” The sergeant was a hard-bitten Borderer. His accent – the strongest Peter had ever heard it – conveyed an infinity of menace.
The mention of the King blunted even Aunt Catherine’s intrusiveness. She confined herself to a sniff. “Then be sure you do not catch a chill or overtire yourself. I shall see you later. If you are to return to Court, there will be much planning to be done.”
Even so early in the evening hair pomade, candle-wax, scantly washed human flesh, expensive perfumes and whatever preparations everyone’s maids had deployed to protect stored finery from moths or mould made a roiling, nostril-assailing fug in the ballroom. As she and Mama passed arm in arm across the threshold Frances staggered beneath its assault.
Wickham drew a deep breath. “On the older Mr Darcy’s death, which occurred when I was still at the University in Zalona, I was bequeathed from his estate an annuity of 600 thaler per annum for my lifetime, enough to sustain me while I established myself in the law. I was to be granted it on achieving my majority, then some months off. However, when that event arrived, I wrote to Mr Darcy as a matter of form, asking for clarification of certain particulars concerning my inheritance and found myself bidden to a meeting of state, with Mr Darcy and his man of business. There, I found myself lectured and upbraided, my ambitions set at naught, every instance of youthful imprudence flung into my face, and – to cut a very long story short – forced to compromise my expectations for a lump sum, very much short of their true value.”
“And remember that I have not much reason for supposing it to be Bingley. What he told me was merely this: that he congratulated himself on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent marriage, but without mentioning names or any other particulars. But he and Bingley were together for the greater part of last summer and autumn, and I judge Bingley the sort of young man who might get into that kind of scrape.”
He saw, of course what his son’s man, that untutored soldier, could not. He was the Earl of Ula. Of course he saw it.
By the time she was up and around again following her lying in, Sir Vernon himself had entered a sharp decline. Not long after it was bruited about the district that Sir Vernon was unwell, Sir Vernon was laid to rest. His daughter was packed off to stay with her mother’s relatives: relatives so great and proud they had never taken the smallest particle of interest in the girl during her father’s lifetime. Netherfield Park remained empty, save for occasional short-term lettings to tenants who arrived in the district in a little flurry of importance and departed with no fanfare six months or a year later.
Clarence spread his hands. “My dear, why add to your cares the prospect of something which seemed, at the time, unlikely to happen?” He cocked his head on one side. “But since I do believe I hear a carriage approaching, it would seem that we will have the pleasure of his company after all. Perhaps I should leave you to complete your toilette so you are ready to greet my cousin as befits the Heir Apparent.”
Sherlock blurred at his edges when he surged forward, but the pressure of his lips against John’s was a distinctly soft one. John loosed a breath and Sherlock gasped—and that was them, in their essence, the perfect balance of everything of nothing, of rise and fall, of the moon and its dark side. They were neither of them only one, but a mix of all in different places.
That had always been true. It was just the ease with which he accepted it that had occasionally come into question. But not anymore, because Sherlock balanced him out—the hot air that rose when the cold air dropped, the promise of smoke when fire seared the ground, the moon that sometimes hung around during the day to banter with the sun.
, were beautiful and precious and real in every sense of the word. Sometimes it was hard to remember what a real smile felt like when the fake ones brought about much less questions about his wellbeing. “Did she give you a rose?”
Sherlock was trying to control full-bodied laughs and failing entirely, loosing his chortles and snorts into John’s shoulder. “I’ll have to try that next Easter,” he said between gasps.
No, not somewhere; right behind the dip of his waist, moulded to his shape like a sheath to a blade. Because Sherlock’s touches were not
In and of itself, it is not a hard lesson to learn; as an infant, incapable of verbal communication, you cry; as a child, you stumble and scrape your knee, and you cry; as a teenager, you hurt for all you think is misunderstood about your truest self, and you cry. For this, life is not sorry, for life is not kind.
“We’re not going to talk about that right now. Mainly because I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Will you promise to be safe?” Rosie asked Sherlock. “Everyone at school always tells me I have cool parents or weird parents or—or—or whatever it is they say, but I don’t care what they think. I just really, really,
A disastrous thud sounded from behind John. With a hand braced at the back of Rosie’s head and his feet planting themselves firmly in anticipation, John looked back to see . . .
The limp was a short-lived matter, in retrospect, but it was difficult to forget how betrayed he felt by the world for which he’d given nearly everything. So much time abroad, to the point where John had to force himself to remember whether it had been years or months or decades, and all he had to show for it was in how
Those two things did not correlate, for his heart was indeed healthy, but John Watson was worlds away from
Sherlock was not rushing him. If John messed this up now, he was going to launch himself out that window and hope every one of his ribs snapped. Controlling his body. He decided what broke.
“My time in the army was good for—well. Me. You know me. You know why it wasn’t all bad. I either learned to love it or learned that I’ve always loved it.”
“You’ve already done so much for me . . .” How could John ask another thing of him? Telling him to go get the milk felt blasphemous sometimes.
John would claim that desire as his own in order to save this stolen summer breeze. He would grudgingly use the tools he had in his arsenal, because it was all he’d been given by the world’s cruelty.
Sherlock peered at him over the black crescents of his microscope. With a sort of raspberry of breath, he let his head roll once before positioning it back before the eyepiece. “I will let Lestrade know this his . . . efforts were . . .” Sherlock’s lips curled in a grimace. “
Sad though it was, the story continued. John Watson had lost ownership of his body when he signed up for the Army.
“She called you ‘Dad,’” John said, smitten with the man before him and every inch of his unfairly warm chest that hid beneath two layers of fabric. The thought lit up his mind like faerie lights on an over-powered circuit.
John’s body was once again wrested from his control, but this time, it was a burden he was willing to bear. After all, fatherhood was one of his greatest joys.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock said, too unbothered for John’s blood pressure. “Rosie. I trust you did well at that sorry excuse for an institution.”
Sherlock’s hands—they were just below the centre of his back, where his spine began to curve inwards.
Rosie was properly scolded—or embarrassed, judging the way she was fiddling with Sherlock’s housecoat. John thought there wasn’t a more perfect sight in the world; his daughter, all golden hair and light pinks and greys in her clothes, sat in the lap of his . . . Sherlock, all sleek blacks and blues and browns.
Sherlock bent down swiftly, swinging her up onto his lap and appraising her like a particularly interesting piece of evidence.
Rosie came running up to Sherlock in her nimble manner. She tripped only once, but it was enough to send John’s heart into a frenzy. He couldn’t tell what she was trying—
These used to be their islands, with the small space between them to hold everything they didn’t want and everything they couldn’t have. Small ships with the cargo of their desire passed by in well-travelled routes, but they were never allowed to unload, to share and relish and love.
John, not unsympathetic to the disappointment of an underwhelming case, hummed as he set Rosie down on his designated armchair. She relaxed into the back like the queen of a prosperous kingdom. John thought his heart would break in its inability to contain all the love he had for her. Being the mere mortal that he was, unable to paint a message in the stars and give his Rosie her own constellation, John gently grabbed her head—how was she so small when her smile was so
When they were relaxing round the fire, replete and passing a skin of Pemberley wine between them – young, thin, but by no means contemptible in flavour – Trooper Musgrave, judging the time to be ripe, murmured, “Trust me. I’ve got a bad feeling about this. I’ve heard one or two things. Suppose I tell you about them? Then we can work out what to do. Together.”
“But what am I to do? Good God, when Frances has been trying to observe some elusive bird I have seen her fade into the background so effectively that even I, her own mother, could not have told she was there a quarter turn later. Why, why, why, in the name of all that’s holy can she not apply that discretion to moving through society?”
“Still, a likeness worth remarking on. See that you do, and that it spreads. It will be taken as mere flattery of Miss Duplessis, of course, but every little helps an idea take root. Did she correspond with her uncle during the time she spent with your lady? Elbe is a convenient base from which to dispatch letters abroad.”
A second morning of being alone with her friend revived her spirits. Charlotte, too, had a pinkness in her cheeks which warmed Elizabeth’s heart. Preoccupied with her own affairs, she had neglected her friend and hostess.
“This is the line of the river, and here are the bluffs either side of it. These two lines here are the bridge; there’s a ‘V’ built out at the midpoint on the downstream side, look. I was here.”
know before this evening – he sought by treachery to nullify a treaty entered into by King Ambrosine, murder the Princess and implicate Georgiana in his crimes. Had the Princess died in the Skogull high passes: as her waiting gentlewomen died, as her men-at-arms died – how long do you think you and Georgiana would have survived King Ambrosine’s wrath?”
They were out of the house, making their way down Belmont’s slopes in all the full white glare of the afternoon, before Elizabeth plucked up courage to address Mama, who seemed to have developed two more dimensions in a day.
While she appreciated his attempt to distract her from contemplating Frances’ misdemeanours she could hardly summon up much interest in those of the Crown Princess. Nevertheless, she did her best.
“He would, you know,” the Crown Prince agreed. “Kings do that sort of thing all the time. It’s an elevation in rank which has a supremely bad effect on a man’s character. And is quite corrosive of brotherly sentiments.”
“I shall be sure to let her know,” Elizabeth promised, and made her escape upstairs. Jane’s prolonged absence in Gondal Town made their shared bedroom chill and forlorn. No wonder Uncle John’s letters been such a beacon. She had only meant to write once, in a vague spirit of defiance, to show in some way she did not even understand herself that she was on the side of Mr Wickham against Mr Darcy. To strike a blow for Jane. She had not expected to find her uncle so understanding. He was older than Mama and divided from her not just by age but by masculine preoccupations in which Elizabeth could play no part. His letters, though, had proved quite the reverse. Sometimes, it felt like writing to Jane, albeit a Jane informed by knowledge of the wider world. Such a one, no doubt, as Jane could have become, had she only married Mr Bingley and taken her rightful place among the cream of Gondal’s society.
Jonathan could have snapped his fingers in triumph. He had been right. Hers was the voice of a sister deploring the latest scrape in which an adored but feckless younger brother had entangled himself. The fish was hooked; now all he had to do was land it.
Sherlock’s eyes glittered. “Oh, but it is, John. It so very much is. Ring the bell. The game is afoot.”
Reluctantly, Jeanette let the cases fall. The giant dropped her left arm and with a great thrust sent her sprawling hard into Molly, who sat down abruptly under the impact.
Mrs Reynolds had never been surprised by a single thing in his entire lifetime. His arrival with an escort of soldiers barely raised a cats-paw on the lake of her serenity.
His tongue swirled across cracked lips. Frances recalled from their own passage across the border – good heavens, it had been almost twelve months ago to the day, but felt as if it had been decades ago – how desiccating the winds in those high passages had been, and with her own hand poured a cup of cucumber water from the flask on the table and passed it to him. He gulped, gratefully.
Giulio had explained Miss Hooper’s instructions, and the assistant had bowed, and said that if he would leave the ornaments for three or four hours, their craftsmen could take all the drawings and measurements which would be necessary, and he could collect them in the evening.
Maria had told her of a small inn with a garden running down to the river, respectable and clean, famed for its table, whose proprietors might be trusted to keep the confidences of her guests. Harriet penned a short note to Penelope, proposing a time for an early dinner. She did not include a warning that news of the meeting was to be shared only between the two of them. Penelope had always had an instinct for the things unsaid, even when they had both been children. Of course, her father had been a physician, too.
For a moment, James Moriarty looked as if ‘Colonel Fitzwilliam’ were the name of some ancestor, a great-grand-uncle lost to Faerie centuries ago from a greenwood dell. Then he collected himself.
He bowed, slightly. “By the grace of – God – my grandfather is dead. Regrettably, your brother yet lives.”
“Most thoroughly. Lazarus rose from the dead with the help of our good Lord, but Lord Lestrade’s reputation, I wager, is a problem beyond even His fixing.”
“See, here, the three kingdoms. See how we are caught between the Emperor to our North, the Sultan to our East and South and, to the West, across a short expanse of sea, the Papal states and the Italian princedoms. How do you think we have avoided being swallowed up by one or the other of these Powers?”
"Well. The first evening we dined at Netherfield, Lady Catherine chanced to mention her niece, then away at Court –”
Nor did she have the comfort of her aunt and uncle. Mr Gardiner declared that, knowing Gondal Town better than her father, he needed his assistance in seeking Jane, and his wife said Jane looked worn out with care and the least she could do was to take themselves and the children off her shoulders. Their carriage left Longbourn within a scant ten hours of entering it, leaving Elizabeth and Jane in charge of the house.
“This is a surprise,” Penelope said, though her shrewd eye belied her words. “Were not you and Lizzie about your devotions?”
The interval at Longbourn had been one of unsurpassed tedium, not unmixed with awkwardness. His father-in-law had been sardonic and withdrawn, though Wickham – to be fair – had expected a lot worse from that quarter than he’d received. It almost made him angry on little Lyddie’s behalf. She might let her father’s neglect wash off her like water off a duck’s back (what an enchanting quality it was in a woman, the inability even to perceive neglect or antagonism, let alone resent it!) But it was profoundly wrong, nonetheless.
“This should keep us going for a few months, sir,” Vernon reported, though Julian caught him casting a wistful look at the reserved objects.
In point of fact, he had not, but from the proximity of the two estates, the Darcy family’s close relationship to the King and, indeed, from the tone the master of the house had taken in this extraordinary interview, Peter had already ventured to infer it. He nodded.
Julian’s tone was, if anything, even drier than Darcy’s. “And Fort Whitburn being in the Borders, where war is expected before winter closes the passes, should his new bride be shortly rendered a widow few will mourn?”
Good grief, how long could his wife take saying goodbye to her family? He tapped his riding whip against his boot and, as if indeed it had some magical properties, Lyddie, her parents and a gaggle of sisters emerged from the house.
One of these days, when Clarence uttered his time-smoothed plea,“Why does no-one ever allow me the use of my house and my library in peace?” he would get what he wished for.
Many hours later, in a tumbled bothy somewhere out of his reckoning, Julian collapsed exhausted into a heap of foul-smelling straw and tried to make sense of the thing his life seemed to have become.
“Quite. I have spent most of this day in the archives, reviewing the letters Anderson supposedly received from Gondal. Now, I am nine parts certain that they were forgeries, planted among his belongings to be found after his death, to lead us to a false conclusion.”
“As often as I can. But you know married women have never much time for writing. My sisters may write to me. They will have nothing else to do.”
A victorious Lestrade might have hoped to trade on past loyalty and on the King’s growing isolation. A gamble, yes, but he had been a gambler from his youth. Throwing his lot in with the exiled Prince had been the greatest of wagers, and how it had answered – until the day that Prince, now King James had come to him and with hints and significant gestures set him on the path that led to the Cock o’ the North Fair. (Odd, how it had not occurred to him until today how
“I thought it as well to change the subject, sir. I didn’t fancy him wondering why I was so interested. So we continued our way, and a tedious long journey it was, too. We came to Hunsford, and there we parted ways, me to the clerk’s house, and him to Rosings. But when I called round at the clerk’s house with the letter, doesn’t his housekeeper tell me the lady of the house and her friend have gone to visit an old neighbour of theirs who’s taken a villa in Elbe for the sake of her health. Seems like these Meryton ladies stick together, sir, doesn’t it? But that makes it a wasted trip, after all. All you needed to do was ask around the port.”
“Miss Elizabeth, I don’t think any of the households where I was able to place someone ever complained. I’m not one to boast, but I’ve an eye for seeing when someone will suit a position and a nose for honest workers.”
She looked at him as if he were a zany capering in the market square. Her voice, too, had the gentleness of one dealing with someone whose wits were astray.
“Let’s get that rope off your wrists. We’ll be moving out soon, and you’ll need to start getting the feeling back into your hands before anyone expects you to hold a horse’s reins with them.”
Hill, though, had much more to impart. The waiting-woman had been primed to say nothing about her mistress’ purpose in visiting Meryton and Hill was too old a hand at the game to push on a locked door. However, the attendant on a woman of such supreme self-regard must be possessed of no little self-consequence herself, and flattery must be the surest way to find the weak points in her armour.
A cold shiver went down Elizabeth’s spine. What else had she herself been doing these last months, since that unlucky suggestion of Wickham’s at Christmas? It had hardly needed that badly-spelled note she had received at Elbe, from someone with an odd, foreign-sounding name, to know that she had better cease the correspondence, or, rather, that it would have been better had she never started it. The letters she had received from Gaaldine she had (not without regret, and some tears) consigned to the bread-oven at the villa and pounded their ashes into powder. Still, anyone could have intercepted them, and her outbound letters, too. Take Charlotte’s servants, for instance. Charlotte had all-but confessed they had been selected for her by Lady Catherine, and doubtless their true allegiance would lie with she who had most to give.
The intense smells of late summer were thick in his nostrils: spoilt fruit from beneath the orchard bough, sun-warmed hay, the reek of the stable dung-heap. He swallowed hard.
Mindful of his valet’s strictures against wanton creasing, Darcy swept up the skirts of his coat and sank into the chair opposite his monarch. His height told against him; he was abruptly conscious the low seat thrust his knees up closer to his ears than decorum warranted. His cousin, six inches shorter, smiled across with a sunny nonchalance more terrifying than a naked blade. When the servitor brought out a tray holding an elegant, chased-silver swan-necked jug and glasses, his cousin dismissed him and served them both himself, twisting the blade in the wound.
Giulio shook his head. “But you already knew that, didn’t you? Just off the main route to Gondal Town there’s a little shrine, no more than half a league off the direct route. I made a diversion there – and the man who proceeded on to Charlescut Halt was about my build, wore my clothes and rode my horse. But he was not me. He did not tell me who he was. But I’ll pray for him, to the end of my days.”
But the point is moot. Given she has spent over two weeks captive in a bandit camp, who will marry Georgiana now?”
“I recognise that knock. He knows me to be engaged, and would not trouble me for any small matter. Open it.”
was the kind of oblique remark his father-in-law had been coming out with for days. Did he mean anything by them, or was it simply rubbing in the fact he, George Wickham, had not completed his studies at the University in Zalona, and that – for all his martial pomp and his new-minted lieutenancy – his father-in-law considered him an unarmed man in any battle of wits?
Miss Hooper leant back against the elaborate relief of a nearby sepulchre, regarding Harriet with an expression that somehow managed to convey both primness and amusement.
“If you disbelieve me, you could try asking Mrs Reynolds. For what, after all, is more valuable than the testimony of a trusted servant?”
“You must not be alarmed, my dear. It is not such a bad situation,” Mrs Annesley observed. “We have driven out as far on parties of pleasure from Pemberley, many times, have we not? I collect there is a most picturesque view from the ruined fort on the crest of that hill, over there.”
A chance-caught phrase made her jerk her head up. "Sir, did you say the first girl – I forget her name –”
There had been a blind Fellow of St Jerome’s, so old and withered that it was rumoured he had come up to Oxford as a precocious boy in the reign of the old Queen, Gloriana of fabulous memory. He had taken a fondness for Frances, to whom had been assigned the task of daily reading. When that amusement palled, he had talked of times long ago, when the world was young.
It was not as if the thought had not occurred before. But he had shrunk from it. Now someone else had voiced it, there was no escaping the taste of bitter aloes.
The beauties of the river and the littlenesses of the Court absorbed all the rest of their conversation, until at last the barge touched on the edge of a greensward fringed with birch, beech and hazel. Her brother the King was on the water’s edge to help his sister from the barge, but his gaze went first to his cousin, who nodded.
She tried to tell herself it was the neck-wrenchingly abrupt change of subject which caused her blood, for a moment, to run cold. Once she had command of herself she managed to stutter out, “No. Sir.”
The falcon decided to throw a temper tantrum at being ignored. The tall man calmed her with strokings and titbits of dried meat.
“My mother fell at this last challenge. I shall endeavour not to follow her. I realise how much turns on this. I pray you – forgive me if I do not surmount the challenge.”
“Only if we can suppose his godfather to have given him his regiment as a christening present.” Lizzie smiled sidelong at Charlotte.
“No time, man. Shoes, cloak, sword, cash. Don’t worry about your jewels: I’ve already secured those, it’s a wonder you’ve not been robbed blind before now, the way you leave things lying about. Pity about the books, but all but the Boccacio are replaceable. Take it, if you must. But we have minutes, Malham: less, even, so grab what you need, and go.”
“As you wish.” He paused. “He died by a cross-bow bolt. Fired by the best marksman in the three kingdoms. Given the distance and the impossibility of a second chance, no-one else would have dared. I chose the location to make such an attempt impossible. I misjudged. David paid the price.”
“Why should you be? You do right to mourn, not just as a son but as a citizen of Gondal. The Duke was a great statesman, a shrewd and just magistrate, and a most uncommonly accurate judge of character. I still recall his calling me ‘a capering mountebank’ on one memorable occasion. It stung at the time, but, with the benefit of some years hindsight, I am forced to conclude he may have had the right of it. On that specific occasion, at least.”
The cressets brought back memories of those other torches which had blazed over forts, guardhouses, army camps across the length and breadth of Gondal. Back when the cumbersome garb he was wearing for this preposterous frolic of his nephew’s had been his daily formal wear, light and familiar as breathing.
Her colour rose, as did her voice; her hands turned over and over in her lap, twisting the handkerchief into knots.
Although he was already reaching for the bell, John looked up quizzically. “A niece crossed in love and her sister distracted? Hardly your usual mystery.”
The King’s face contorted in fury; the courtiers around were trying to make themselves inconspicuous, for fear of being caught in the cross-fire.
. Another correspondent has spent much ink on the topic of Miss Duplessis. I rather think he cherishes a
The moment this was mentioned, Elizabeth’s heart sank. Her aunt and uncle had taken advantage of every similar opportunity during their travels north. It seemed hardly likely they would desist when it came to Pemberley. Indeed, they showed no patience with Elizabeth’s demurrals, especially since it was impossible for her to give the real reason she was reluctant to risk encountering Mr Darcy.
She feared this levity might not have concealed her very real shock. Nonetheless, Wickham took the bait.
The envelope was too thick; there must be a letter from Uncle John concealed within. How fortunate that Charlotte’s situation permitted her to send letters already franked, so Mama had no financial leverage to compel Elizabeth to share their contents. Such pressures as family habit and maternal disapprobation put at her disposal, however, Mama deployed to fullest measure.
Mama tried to look nonchalant. “I? What would I be about? May not a mother ask about her daughter’s acquaintance? Introducing you to his sister, too: a most singular mark of regard. He must have unbent a great deal from when he stalked about the ballroom at Netherfield too proud to talk to anyone. So, Lizzie, were he to make you an offer, would you be minded to accept him?”
no doubt. Harriet suppressed a snort of amusement. As if Lizzie would pay the smallest attention to her opinion.
Nor were her thoughts of a nature likely to give any relief from the gloomy prospect. How great was the contrast between her anticipation three weeks ago of the joy of being homeward bound, and her current feelings. She almost dreaded the reunion with Jane, burdened as she was with secrets that she must not share. In one respect only did reality improve on imagination: the speed and comfort of her journey. The smallest of Lady Catherine’s carriages had brought her to Charlescut Halt, over half-way, a convenience which Elizabeth
“You have suffered a grave wrong; I acknowledge that. But you cannot return evil for evil. What have you done with my sister?”
Mrs Younge had intelligence to give him, Darcy knew, but how to persuade her? She was not desperate for money: the careful but not in the least pinched appearance of her boarding house told him so. Also, she knew to a quarter-cent the market value of discretion and of a reputation for possessing it. No personal regard for him or hope of further advantage from the connexion could weight the scales in his favour. Both knew that when – if – this particular matter was resolved there would be no further dealings between them. If she had what he sought, he would have to think of another way to unlock it.
“Not just a marriage, but children. Children still to be launched respectably on the world. Children who do not deserve to risk having their lives overset so that Miss Molly Hooper, sister of the King, may get what at this particular moment she believes she desires.”
“Even when I elope with a cottager, the loft above the cow stall will always be yours,” Elizabeth had joked.
Must married life always come to this? Had her parents (so dissimilar in tastes, so seemingly ill-suited) begun their married life with the same cold calculation which repelled her when she encountered it in Charlotte?
“Thank you, my dear, but I dare not stray so far from home. Lady Catherine de Bourgh may not wish to receive us socially during her niece’s visit, but this does not detract from my duties. If she needs me to explain a point from her library, or to extract portions of some of the more esoteric books into a form which may be palatable to their ladyships, I need to be on hand to resolve those concerns.”
“I just mean that—I’m glad. That you’re good with her. Because I can’t— I don’t want— Living without either of you isn’t an option, I’m afraid.”
But now John wanted to say it, over and over and over until the letters were scrawled into the pale planes of Sherlock’s shoulders, over his heart, the dip of his throat. Sherlock looked eager to play canvas.
“She’s a Watson,” Sherlock whispered, bracing his hands on John’s hips. “More so than that, she’s your daughter. Loving her is easy to me.”
John was a man of dignity, even if he was of the variety who went weak in the knees for dark-haired, light-eyed geniuses who looked at him like he was the answer to an unasked question. He smiled terribly wide despite his efforts to stifle it, looking at the mostly closed window at the black-blue-gold streets of London under twilight.
“You, Sherlock, are what I can use to pull myself up out of treacherous waters. You make me at home in my own skin.” John saw his hand absentmindedly pet the short hairs at the side of Sherlock’s head—saw him lean into the caress like a sleep-heavy feline. “You gave me my body back. Made me feel real. I guess what I’m saying is that—is that if I keep you right, then that’s only because you were able to help me stand, first.”
Rosie bent her neck back to look at John. Sherlock’s hand instinctively reached out to keep her hair from touching whatever he had on the table. It looked like . . . a stomach.
John cracked an eye open, unsure of when they’d slipped shut, and watched as Sherlock, having knelt down, pressed Rosie’s palm to his chest.
John had a matching grin pressed into his fingers as he watched Rosie fail to whistle a song she’d picked up last week. Sherlock was patient with her, not scolding her for potentially getting hair on the disembodied stomach. Not even John was ignorant enough to mislabel that blooming sensation in his chest; there was little else to call it when he saw one piece of his soul holding the other.
. Because that was where they were going, wasn’t it? John Watson and Sherlock Holmes against the world, running through the mucked-up back alleys of London until their feet were no longer able to carry them and their larger-than-life souls.
. Then it turned out to be lies on top of lies, and then I couldn’t tell if it was real at all, let alone good.” One beat. Two beats. Four thumps. For John.
Lizzie rolled her eyes; Harriet could not but sympathise. Her youngest had been asking the same question for days, so if she did not know the answer by now it could only be because she had refused to hear it. Which, Lydia being Lydia, was almost certainly true.
“What is it?” Georgiana called to the nearest soldier. He picked his way close to the coach before responding, looking rather like a startled rabbit. Still, when he spoke, it was in a surprisingly cultivated accent, sounding, in her limited experience, more like the better class of clerk than a trooper.
“In general. But certainly not in particular.” Sherlock’s self-assured tones cut through the air in the chilly study. John and Charis looked up.
that the Crown Prince has left you with child? The King is angry enough with his brother as it is: the merest trifle more on the scales could provoke an explosion which might consume the three kingdoms.”
(His heart hurt, also, but that, being a metaphysical injury, could be ignored, at least for the time being.)
"Well, this year, we had planned our visit to coincide with Molly’s return to Rosings and when Darcy heard she would be absent he wrote to our aunt asking if we might delay our visit, but –”
She would have wagered everything she possessed and ever hoped for that Lizzie Duplessis was the truest daughter of Gondal who ever drew breath. But, that being so, how in a million years had a letter in Lizzie’s handwriting, addressed to
A massive form stood outlined in the opening to the carriage for a moment. Then he jumped down to the valley floor with unexpected agility.
Futile optimism worthy of the Forty! For all either of them knew, King Ambrosine might have been dead two days, the messenger still on the road.
Mama puffed up. “Bumblefoot! Aye, you may have it, but be sure to let her know I have not had need of it this many a long year. Depend upon it, she will be allowing her fowl-houses to become too damp. She should ensure they are properly aired out the first dry spell she gets, and have words with a carpenter about lifting the laying pens off the floor. And make sure the floor is as smooth as can be contrived.”
"The answer, as it happens, is both. I trust I can rely on your discretion in this matter? Good. Well. The gentleman in question made an offer for my hand, shortly after Queen Felicia’s death. Situated as I was — undowered, and still the object of the King’s disfavour — it was an offer very much more advantageous than any I could have hoped to receive. My guardians —”
From across the water, a rising or setting sun (impossible to tell which) sent low shafts of light, striking the figure of the crucified Christ suspended between the wide-spread antlers of a great stag standing at bay against the wrecked wall.
She had the last laugh, nonetheless. On the third day after his arrival in the district, not only did Mr Bingley arrive at Longbourn on his own initiative but he was accompanied by his friend Mr Darcy, although the latter stayed only for a scant (and largely silent) half-turn, having business that could not be delayed which compelled his return to Gondal Town.
"Aye, ma’am, why not? Speed and secrecy were the very essence of Hebron’s assassination. The man who did it assuredly would have displayed himself in his accustomed haunts as soon as humanly possible afterwards. That he has not –”
I know he has been a creature of James Moriarty these many years, though recently his puppet-master cut his strings. Therefore I also know he was in some wise connected with the attack on the Princess and her party, the year before last.”
“Sir. The camp below us is, as you remarked, bubbling to the boil, and, if we are not careful, could shortly boil over into outright strife. But the men have had feasts before; the men have had games. Why this outcome now?”
“I should, since I contrived it.” His throat felt very dry. “That is; by this day fortnight he is to present himself at Fort Whitburn, there to take up a lieutenancy in my cousin’s regiment. He seduced the sis– the daughter of a family in whom I take a friendly interest. A lieutenancy in a crack regiment was part of the price he demanded in order to induce him to marry her. ”
And then a thirty league ride to this western coast, travelling fast and secretly towards the smuggler’s ship which was to take her to Rome, and leave her heart behind in Gondal.
“Your reputation as an artist precedes you, ma’am. An artist as much in silks as in paints, my wife tells me, and I have the greatest faith in her judgment. So. I would be honoured if you could work a panel for the altar cloth. I note the dimensions here. I have conceived a design for a Vision of St Eustace: a place I saw on my travels gave me the clearest conception. A moment, while I capture it. There. Like that.”
The moon rose over the shoulder of the fell at his back. It was not the yellow circle it would be later in the year, pregnant with harvest and promise. Now it shone red for Pentecost. Wisps of cloud scudded across its face, portents of stormy weather ahead.
With these words he left the room, and Elizabeth heard him the next moment open the front door and quit the house altogether.
Once they reached the house, a magnificent butler effortlessly despatched the men and the sergeant (not without a dubious backward glance) to the rear of the house. Then, he turned to Peter.
Her instructions had been followed to the letter. The small private parlour had everything she had specified, including two separate ways of approaching and leaving it. A well-trained servant brought fruit, sweet biscuits and the astringent herbal infusions of the province, which the locals prized even above tea.
“I’m afraid, Miss Duplessis, that it is a bloody story and a strange one, and you must understand all intelligence is partial and imperfect, so I cannot tell if what I have been told is truth or no.”
A thousand potential disasters flicked through his mind. Frances, dragged from her bed by the Pretender’s men and taken to Gondal Town as a prize of war. King Mycroft, begged by his mistress to intervene. The Crown Prince drowned in disgrace beyond hope of rehabilitation. The rebel lords of Gaaldine in revolt, incursions from Gondal, war along the border, and no-one with sense to direct it. Vannstown after Vannstown shimmering in flame and smoke and through them the face of Queen Genia, crying, “Betrayal!”
Mrs Gardiner smiled. “Surely, Colonel Foster must have planned his wedding for no other purpose but to irritate you. You should feel flattered, Harriet, that you can still inspire a young man to take so serious and life-changing a step upon such a comparatively slight acquaintance.”
Indelicate it might be to allude to it, but their bedrooms were aligned in a row, and it could not be denied that a rhythmic hum (only the most vulgar would decree it to be a snore) was emerging from Lizzie’s bedroom.
The world tilted, whirled, and came, abruptly, right side up once more. Julian exhaled. He brought his clenched fist down on his knee with a thump so violent he was hard pressed to suppress a yelp of pain.
A year ago the news of the Crown Princess’s marriage to Gaaldine’s heir had first reached Meryton via the blacksmith. Scarcely had that sensation sunk in when a Master Richardson, newly appointed Physician-in-Chief to the Crown, arrived at Longbourn bearing a short and unforthcoming letter from Uncle John, in which he explained that his duty to the Crown meant he needs must absent himself from Gondal for an unspecified time.
Still, she continued in agitated reflections till the sound of Lady Catherine’s carriage bringing the Collinses home made her feel how unequal she was to encounter Charlotte’s scrutiny, and she took refuge in her room.
“Permission to speak, sir?” So far as Peter was aware, the corporal had never spoken in his presence before; at least, not beyond, “Sir!”
The fishmonger seemed struck dumb at being addressed so directly, but after a little pressing was persuaded to admit that, allowing for a few hours rest at his uncle’s house, dawn would rise for him over Elbe harbour.
“Hebron’s assassination might be taken, perhaps, as a provocative act?” she enquired. “In Gaaldine, I mean?”
His eyes were black pits with no light at the bottom; his concentration absolute; his voice a breathy, sibilant hiss. She clenched her fists around palms sticky with sweat, and strove to keep her voice level.
Much has been written of the wonders of Gondal: its majestic ravines, barren moorlands, bonny brooks, brooding castles and owl-haunted country granges. It is not the purpose of this work to supplement those accounts. The travellers saw and marvelled and said all that was proper and when they were full to the brim of sights and memories they repaired to the small town of Lambton, which possessed, among its other charms, the merit of having been the place where Mrs Gardiner had spent the happiest years of her youth.
“Nothing is certain yet. I got to Gondal Town to resolve matters. But I have better hopes than for some time past. Thank you, madam, for your hospitality. And your good wishes. And I shall remember you to my cousin, Miss Hooper.”
“You look hot. Let me pour you a cup of ratafia. It is most immensely refreshing, is it not? Not just the ratafia, but the river – and the greenery. I have missed so much of the most delightful months of the year by my duty at Court, so this party is trebly pleasant. Will your estates in the north claim you, now your business is over? I can see the attraction, but there will be much mourning if you are forced to miss the State Ball which – but do not tell anyone else, please, not before the formal announcement – is now fixed for this coming Tuesday.”
Charlotte assumed her sweetest smile. “Mrs Long, this is a happy chance. We were just saying how well informed you are in regard to matters military. Whose regiment is this? And how long are they to stay?”
“Very recently, however, a new rumour has begun to be whispered in the Palace: a rumour that before Mycroft I rode out on his last campaign, he contracted a secret marriage with his then mistress. There were further rumours that she bore a son, after the King’s own death. And also that that son survived infancy.”
She neither confirmed nor denied his guess, but ploughed straight ahead, as if she feared her courage might fail at any moment.
“The other regiments should not have resented that.” Colonel Fitzwilliam was aware he sounded like a man trying to convince himself. “Obviously she
His lips compressed, but, she persuaded herself, there was a hint of acknowledgement about his eyes.
Without waiting for a more direct order, the coachman went directly to the traces, making soothing and clicking noises to his team.
As for the news of Mr Darcy’s impending visit – that was Lizzie’s affair. Harriet could only watch, and pray.
“In that case, sir, make sure you don’t, if you can possibly avoid it. Hope they’ve forgotten all about it. You see, me and the lads have been talking, and we don’t much fancy our chances of getting away – oh, there’s been no mistreatment, sir, and no complaints about food or where they’ve billeted us, but the Duke’s men know their stuff. But we reckon that you might have more of a chance, what with you having been wounded and what with them most probably
It was cold in the inn yard, even though it was yet high summer. Last night had been unpleasant. Elizabeth wished she did not feel ashamed to admit it. She had not ventured into the common parts of the inn; Bessie Walnut would not have permitted it, and when she heard the snatches of rough song and coarse speech drifting up from the common room to her open window she knew why. She had eaten in her room, from a tray brought up by Bessie herself, and had put a chest against the door when she retired to bed. Even so, she had not found sleep easy to come by and had roused up from her bed far earlier than she need. Now she was sitting outside on the mounting block, wrapped in a travelling cloak that swathed her face and made her body shapeless. The few people about at this early hour cast sidelong glances at her, wondering what a young woman was doing travelling on her own to the great city and evidently reaching no creditable conclusions.
The very next day, while she was idly watching the street from the window of her in room, a carriage drew up outside. The coachman’s livery gave away who the new arrivals must be even before Mr Darcy and a very tall, solidly-built young lady emerged. Elizabeth spun away from the window, towards the mirror, grasping for a hairbrush. She had completed a hurried toilette before the chambermaid, tapping on the door, announced in a flustered whisper that there were visitors come to call.
betrayed his new patron, the Pretender. A man who then has run from the consequences to reach the only person whose detestation of the Pretender might cause her to take him in, rather than shun him as a double-traitor, a scorpion who cannot but sting whoever comes within reach.”
Another grievance. His body servant had been absent on his return to his lodgings last night, and he had been forced not merely to contrive his own supper from an unlovely mess of victuals extricated from the corner cupboard, but to extricate himself from his ultra-fashionable, tight-cut riding boots, with the help of a door jamb, a stout chair and infinite quantities of bad language.
“Quite. That would, of course, reveal our connection and that would never do, would it? And these gems are precious but non-descript. Should there be a next time, you might quietly suggest some distinctive item (there is a pair of diamond ear-bobs of surpassing hideousness her aunt gave her on her majority, for example) be included among any jewels to be pawned. She never wears the ear-bobs – they are forty years out of day – so I daresay the suggestion will be pushing at an open door. And it will leave the possibility open that some jeweller or pawnbroker recognises the source and brings it to my attention. As for now – you cannot go back without the money she sent you to obtain, so I suppose – without even the pleasure of the lecture – I find myself covering those gaming debts after all. That should be enough, I trust? To our next meeting, then.”
At length the two guests retired to their rooms. After a minatory glance in her direction, Lizzie shooed her sisters upstairs. Harriet reached for the brandy decanter, in which there was barely an inch of liquor left. Better finish it. It had, after all, been a long and trying day, and it would save the butler work.
“I trotted out my story of a letter to be delivered and it was like leaning on a pump handle. Seems he’d met Miss Duplessis at her cousin’s house in Hunsford, and been much struck with her. She’d asked him to see a letter safely put on a boat to Gaaldine, and paid him handsomely for it, too, so it was no surprise to him to hear an answer was on its way. That was a bit of luck, to begin with.”
Once she had gone, he turned again to the vase of flowers. Two bunches of basil, separated by nightshade.
Darcy appeared suddenly to come to himself. “Thank you for this intelligence. I shall send my report to the King, and you, I think, should concentrate on your recovery.”
Mr Perry motioned for him to move his shoulder. The effort was excruciating. The little apothecary poked, peered, tapped, made little “tsk” sounds through his teeth and asked a series of questions so frankly personal that Charles was relieved the two of them were alone. At length he nodded permission for Charles to sink back exhausted amid his pillows.
“Sir, may I know your name?” the lady enquired. “I am Mrs Annesley, a connexion of the Darcy family. I am the companion to Miss Georgiana.”
“Jeanette. Drop those cases. Let him take them, There is no stone on this earth that is worth a single drop of your blood.”
Happily her mother loudly decreed that her daughters and the two gentlemen should “Go out, take advantage of this open weather, go and lose yourselves in the district” and Mr Bingley, with the alacrity of an acknowledged and indulged suitor, declared himself at one with the programme. Mary declined; Kitty they lost at Lucas Lodge, and – Mr Bingley and Jane finding all-too-frequent excuses to dawdle over some rare woodland plant, strange fungus, or antique inscription on a way stone – she and Mr Darcy rapidly outwalked their companions.
Clarence rose, ostentatiously folding the rug he had begun to drape over his knees of an evening. He picked up his book and his spectacles.
made restoration in part. When the mutiny erupts, sir, do not fear I will not fight and die at your side. But you should know before I do so that my sympathies will be with the mutineers.”
“From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of my acquaintance with you, your manners, which impressed me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapproval on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike that I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.”
“Lizzie, Lizzie! One in five hundred officers – each equally gallant, equally active – may do so. But such a rise takes luck, as much or more as it takes skill and address. The luck, for example, to serve in a regiment whose commander is in official favour, and who can therefore expect to have his commendations of his junior officers listened to and acted upon appropriately.”
In the instant it took to turn to face the new arrival and greet her formally, Charlotte realised two things with absolute clarity. First, Mrs Long loathed the Duplessis family with the kind of unreasoning, deep-rooted hatred Charlotte herself felt for spiders. Secondly, both Lizzie and Jane were aware of her loathing and in their different ways it bothered them profoundly. Jane’s expression was one of blind, bewildered unhappiness, like a dog whipped after its fault, incapable of linking cause and effect. Lizzie, by contrast, gritted her teeth in a smile which was more like a grimace.
