There, again - coming from outside, on the pool deck. It sounds like voices, and of more than one person.
“Um,” Castiel glances at Dean, looking uncertain. “I’m from ‘up north,’” he says, a bit awkwardly.
Victor beams. “I was accepted to the police academy. It starts in September.”
The shadows creep in and he’s about to succumb to them when he feels the water shift beside him, buffet him sideways, and then -
On the other hand, there’s the promise of more making out.
“You’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” Cas murmurs into his shoulder.
“Where are we goin’?” Jo calls from the front.
“I’ll apply for loans. I was offered a partial scholarship, so it’s not bad. Bobby said he’ll help me for the first year, so - ”
Their lips brush, barely, just as the screen door on the house slams against its frame.
“So you, um, being here,” Dean says. “Is that a problem?”
“Hey.”
“Lemme ask you something.”
“That is
“Are you sure?” Sam and his fear of missing out.
Ash and Andy get on around 80th street, who knows where they were coming from, and even high as kites they seem to notice the tension in the group. They glance between Dean and Cas, send questioning looks Jo’s way. Dean tries not to roll his eyes and stares resolutely out the window.
Smirking, she flips her dark hair over her shoulder and struts away to check on the other table.
It was in the car on the way back from their road trip a few days ago that Cas had announced, out of nowhere, that he was going to get a job. Sam had been excited for him, told him that he thought it was a cool idea. Dean had frowned.
John grunts, and Dean doesn’t relax until his dad turns away from him.
“I said it sounds neat!” Dean insists, leaning around Cas to spit in the sink.
“Okay. Good-bye, Dean.”
Later, when they’re back in the car and fireworks are done, all of them smelling a bit like sulfur, Sam lets out a happy sigh from the back seat.
“Yeah,” Dean says. He tightens his arms across his chest.
Without warning, and barely breaking the kiss, Dean unfolds his legs from beneath himself and climbs unceremoniously into Cas’s lap. Cas gasps but obviously has no objections, his arms coming around Dean and his lips parting in invitation.
Dean doesn’t know how to react to that.
“I ran into a door,” he says. Not untrue, really.
“You’re a fucker,” Dean whispers, but it’s unconvincing and only makes Cas laugh. “Come back down here.”
Underneath Castiel’s warm weight, with the feeling of his hands on his bare torso and their tongues twisting together, Dean’s all but forgotten how he felt like he was drowning only minutes before. Now, all there is is Cas, inundating every one of his senses. Cas’s hands, his mouth, his shoulders. The pressure of his hip bones as they press into the inside of Dean’s thighs when Dean lets his legs fall open, Cas settling between them. The curve of his ass, Dean sliding both hands over it and squeezing. His dick, which Dean can feel hardening against his own through his sweats and Cas’s boxers.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean groans at the image and slides his hand up the back of Cas’s head to pull his face down into a searing, open-mouthed kiss.
“I didn’t think you even liked cats.”
Dean breathes in. He breathes out.
Wordlessly, Dean nods.
“Dad - thank you. Seriously, I - ”
“Just go with it, Cas,” Dean says.
Nodding, Dean’s thinking about the food they have. There’s lunch meat and cereal, and he was sure to buy the carton of eighteen eggs last time. They should be okay.
“Dean,” Cas gasps into the corner of Dean’s mouth, and his voice sounds strained as they rut against one another.
“Listen to that,” Naomi’s lip curls. “Castiel’s little pet is trying to intimidate us.”
“I would love to,” Cas says pleasantly. “You’re fixing a car?”
“Yeah, they’re a hoot,” Dean says, a hint sarcastically. “How you feelin’?”
“No way - no
Dean shakes his head, smiling.
Cas’s fingers, now that they’ve untied both of Dean’s shoes, creep under the hem of his jeans and trail over his ankle. Dean watches his hand for a quiet moment.
Keeping his eyes down as he fiddles with the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, Cas shrugs.
“Well,” Andy says with a clap of his hands. “Dairy Queen?”
His knuckles white under the light of passing streetlamps, Dean keeps his eyes straight out the windshield as they drive back south. Briefly, he worries that maybe his dad will puke in the car, but John stays silently hunched against the passenger door for the thirty-odd blocks back to the motel.
Right now, it’s enough.
They all pile off the bus at sixth street, and follow Jo down a street on the bay side. It’s almost chilly out, the weather having been cooled down by the few days of rain that they had. It feels good on Dean’s warm cheeks, and maybe he’s a little more drunk than he thought.
There are a good amount of people outside already. The door to the garage has been lifted open, and a bare light bulb hanging from the ceiling illuminates a game of beer pong happening inside. There are people coming out from the house with cups, and people hanging out on the patio, and there are several of them splashing around in the pool.
“Yeah, well, he’s a smart kid,” Bobby says with a nod.
“Thanks, Bobby. I’ll let you know as soon as I’ve decided.” Without opening it, Dean folds the envelope in half and shoves it in his back pocket.
Suddenly uneasy, Dean stands. It wouldn’t be the first time kids from across the street snuck over the fence to take a dip in the pool, but he figured after getting caught by John the last time they wouldn’t dare come even three blocks from this place again. Even the memory of John’s voice barking at them in the middle of the night has the hair on the back of Dean’s neck prickling,
“Here, I think you’d be good at this one,” Dean leads him over to a game called Speed of Light, where you stand in front of a wall of buttons, and simply have to hit them as they light up. “When a button lights up, you smack it. You gotta be fast, because a few will light up at a time.”
As much as Dean hates to admit that Jo was right, Vic’s new girlfriend does seem like a bit of a bitch. She’s got a haughty air to her the whole ride, and she holds the joint delicately between two fingers as if she doesn’t want to catch their germs.
Dean leans away, stomach lurching. “I don’t - ”
Sam shrugs again, not exactly convinced, and they look at one another for a beat.
“He was sheltered, Sam, cut him a break. Alright, so every machine is a different game. When you do well, it spits out tickets, and you can use those tickets to exchange for prizes. What kinds of stuff are you good at?”
“Dean, wait - ”
They are slimy. Dean makes a face when he first touches one, and Cas chuckles at him. He likes the first one that came up to them the best, and he lets his fingertips trail across its back. It doesn’t react much at all, happily letting him pet it.
Dean considers that a moment. “They’re telling you to come back?”
He watches Dean as he crouches in his closet to dig out his running shoes. He says nothing as Dean pulls them on, not bothering with socks. He stays silent as Dean stands and heads for the door. He slips out, shutting it with a
Bobby had insisted Dean would be okay, that he was just a little shell-shocked after their week in the shed. That he needed time to get back into the routine of a stationary lifestyle. That they all did. But John hadn’t looked convinced, had said
, Cas, I swear - ”
Dean’s been trying to keep his temper in check, he really has. But to be perfectly honest, Cas hasn’t been making it very easy. He’s had that friggin’ look on his face for days now - eyes wide and earnest every time they’re leveled at Dean, searching like they’re trying to memorize the angles of him. It’s not much different than how he’s always looked at him, but now that Dean’s got a date in the back of his mind - twelve days away, now - it just pisses him off.
Dean swipes his phone open to Bobby’s message.
“All I recall is being friendly, trying to get you to loosen up a little and go for a swim - not sure what was so wrong with that,” Alastair steps in closer, causing a murmur to go up around them. People start whispering about the possibility of a fight, and Jo steps between them.
“I don’t know, I just noticed that you, like,” Dean shrugs, “always tried to feed him, and invite him to eat with us and stuff.”
With the essentials for the week thrown carelessly into the cart, he meanders back towards the front. He doesn’t have enough money to get everything they need, and is probably gonna have to come back next week.
“Yeah, I’ll say,” Dean scoffs. “You scared the shit out of me, dude.” Dean plops down on the toilet lid.
“Sorry,” Dean springs into action, grabbing the umbrella off the deck and making for the trash.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I know how that feels.”
“No one had to tell me shit. I just opened my eyes.”
Cas had just shrugged. “Probably.”
Dean watches as Castiel nods, listening to Sam point out some other places. The setting sun gleams on his dark hair, and he looks out over the sights with an expression of soft wonder on his face, his lips slightly parted. Dean catches himself looking at Cas’s mouth and flicks his eyes back up just as Castiel turns and their gazes meet. Cas’s eyes are impossibly blue, and they crinkle in the corners a bit as he smiles slowly.
Dean nods. “Yeah, like, weed. Um. Marijuana?”
“Dean - ”
Inside, Jo’s got a shit-eating grin on her face before he even approaches the desk.
They start yet another movie, but it’s only ten minutes in when Dean falls asleep. Distantly aware of his head resting on Cas’s thigh as they share the tiny couch, Dean lets himself drift off. When he thinks he feels Cas’s fingers comb through his hair, it feels so good that he doesn’t even bother worrying about Sam seeing.
His breaths come even. He doesn’t look at himself in the mirror, but his breaths come even and his hands don’t shake and his stomach isn’t in knots. The shower runs at his back and there’s dirt at the inside of his left wrist and in the lines of his palms -
Pursing his lips to hold back his smile, Dean looks away before he and Cas can stare at one another too long. There’s not much point in being discreet anymore, though, considering they freaking
“Do you know how old he is?”
Benny nods towards the back door. “Help yourself. I’ll meet y’all out there with menus.”
“Seriously, Cas, I don’t - ”
“Well, he was very adamantly defensive of you. He wanted me to promise that I wouldn’t hurt you - ”
“Dean, come here.”
Dean shakes his head. His brother’s been going on with these questions since the second they left the Bunker.
“Or that his parents weren’t feeding him, I don’t know,” Sam says as he butters. “You always made sure I had something to eat. Just thought I’d pass it along.”
“Get in line, dude. There are like two teams ahead of you.”
Dean doesn’t consider himself a lightweight by any means. In fact, he’s pretty confident in his ability to hold his own when it comes to drinking.
Dean casts him a sidelong glance but Sam keeps his eyes on the TV, whether or not it really has his attention.
Sam rolls his eyes.  “You know, like, to make sure he knows you want him to stick around.”
“Wake up.”
Shaking his head, Dean smiles down at him.
Dean looks at Cas sharply to find him with a rueful expression.
“Oh,” Dean says, considering that. He’s suddenly brought back to what Sam had said before, and it makes his stomach lurch -
“We’re here, aren’t we?” Dean grumbles. “Hey, Ash.”
At the top of the list where it says
Dean lets his eyes wander out over the town below them, suddenly wanting out of this conversation. He should’ve known this was where it was headed.
As exhausted as he is, Dean doesn’t doze off. He listens to his own breathing, how it echoes in the cavern created by his folded arms. He listens to his heartbeat in his ears, and he doesn’t think about the countdown ticking inside him and between them, marked by each crashing swell of the tide.
“Sure,” Cas says with a smile. “That sounds like fun. As long as you don’t mind.”
Sam and Dean are hit with the heat of the day as soon as the sliding doors open to the parking lot. Each with a grocery bag, they head towards the Impala.
“Well, I saw you
“Can I kiss your sand sprinkles?” Cas murmurs.
Disinterestedly, Dean lets his eyes flit over the people around them. They look like the kind who may own houses in this area - staying down at the beach for the summer to drink and party and spend their parents’ money. Lip curling, Dean wonders what Jo’s doing talking to these people.
The guy starts digging something from his pocket and while Dean tries to keep his eyes out over the water, act normal, he can’t help but glance sideways at him.
“Hey, there you guys are!” comes Jo’s loud voice, and Dean’s head snaps up at the sound.
The people who are playing lose it, but none more so than Jo, who actually bends over laughing, her face bright red. Dean claps Cas hard on the back, laughing so hard himself that it takes him a few tries to get his words out.
“Dean.” John’s voice is gruff, and it sounds like he’s in the car.
“Guess what day it is!” Dean actually pulls the phone away from his ear a bit when Jo’s voice comes through, way too loud.
Composing himself, Dean lets his eyes take one more sweep of the horizon. Up at the apartment, the Impala is packed and ready. Sam is waiting to hug him goodbye, and he still needs to stop at Frank’s.
Sam nods, hair flopping over his forehead. “Okay. I have to go up there and print the stuff anyway.” He finally turns to face Dean, and looks him up and down. “So, did you drop Cas off?”
Benny nods at him. “Nice to meet ya, brotha’. You new around here?”
As though he was thinking the same thing, Cas comes up behind Dean while he’s testing the temperature of the water.
green beans. Not green beans out of a can.”
Cas does it again, twisting his wrist under the head, and then before Dean can react he’s leaning forward and pressing his lips to Dean’s chest, swiping his tongue over the bud of his nipple. Dean groans, his head tipping back with a shiver at the sensation.
Dean climbs to his feet. He knows he’s stalling. He leans down to push the towels and Cas’s clothes a little closer, in easier reach, before offering Cas a smile and heading for the slider. He leaves the door half open, intent on only being in the apartment for a minute.
Dean scoots his chair away from her and she sneers at him, but lets go of it and stands up straight, which was his desired outcome.
Dean nods. “Yeah, okay.”
“Dad, listen - ”
“No,” John finally says, and his voice is quieter. Using his peripheral vision and discreet glances that he’s perfected over the years, Dean gauges John’s expression. He watches it soften, and his dad relaxes slowly. His fist loosens. “No,” he says again, and smooths Dean’s shirt down over his collarbone with his huge hand. “You’re a good kid, Dean.”
Finally, Cas looks up at him.
“I didn’t mean to,” Cas says apologetically.
“Do you have a favorite brother or sister?” He asks instead.
“Careful,” Cas admonishes, lifting his beer out of the way before it gets spilled.
“Dean,” John comes out of the motel, sliding the door shut behind himself. “What are you standing around for? This shit’s not gonna pick itself up.”
Dean snorts. “What’s up?”
“Does he go away a lot?”
The ride starts to slow, and they hurry to get the last of the joint around to all of them. When it gets to Dean, he drags on it hard, even though he knows he’s had a fair share and it’s probably a stupid move.
“M’good,” Sam says, smiling politely.
“I haven’t… really decided,” Cas says, sounding uncomfortable. His and Dean’s eyes meet briefly over Sam’s head.
Dean falls quiet. He lets his arms drop back to his sides.
“There’s leftover soup in the fridge,” Dean says. “If you want it, it just needs heated up - ”
When he’s gone, Dean collapses into the desk chair with a sigh. A glance at the upper corner of the computer screen tells him it’s past two o’clock. He rubs his eyes.
“Whatever forms they kept sending, about accepting the spot, or whatever,” Bobby explains sheepishly. “I filled them out and mailed them back. And I submitted the financial aid stuff, too, under my name.”
Dean tries to force himself to join in on their conversation as they pass the joint, the ride revolving slowly. They’re careful to keep the weed out of sight as they skim along the bottom, and when the first one is half gone, Andy lights up the second.
“What’s this?”
Cas shrugs. “I could eat a popsicle.”
“Cas - ” Dean gasps.
“Is it true?” He asks quietly.
“Whatever,” Cas mutters petulantly, and Dean grins wider. He drops his face into the side of Cas’s neck, nuzzling into his warm skin. When Cas tips his head to the side, baring the long line of his throat, Dean plants a kiss right on the side and they sway together.
Donuts for breakfast, patient tutelage over the engine of the Impala and a loose V belt pulley, John suddenly going quiet and intense and freaking Dean the fuck out before they both had made their respective escapes.
After leaving Cas at the pet store, Dean goes back to the motel and helps Ellen with some things, as the last of the Fourth of July rush comes into town. Jo’s there, too, so the work isn’t bad. They mess around just enough to keep themselves entertained, but not too much so as to get more than a glare from Ellen. It’s not long, though, before Ellen thanks them for their help and tells them that she can finish up.
Sam turns wide eyes on him, and Dean knows it’s too late.
Dean nods.
do first. He put the pool off until last yesterday, and look where that got him.
Still happily intoxicated, the five of them catch the first bus they find going north and pile on, talking and joking amongst themselves.
“Hi, Missouri,” Dean says politely. “How are you?”
Chastised, Cas drops his eyes. They both breathe for a long minute, facing each other in the dark with the ocean crashing distantly.
Gabriel squints at him, studies Dean’s face with a disbelieving frown between his eyebrows.
“Why did you come back here?” Cas asks eventually. “In the end, what made your father decide to return?”
Dean swallows, glances around at other kids getting out of their parents’ cars.
The kitchen table already has a handful of people sitting at it when they get back inside, and they all slot themselves in around it. Dean’s sure to tug Cas towards him by the hem of his shirt, discreetly, to get him in next to him.
When Dean hears the apartment door unlock and creak open he feels like he was already awake. The door shuts, and John’s boots come slowly down the hall. When they pause outside his room, Dean is already sitting up on the edge of his mattress.
“Yes,” Bobby says finally, and it’s obvious it takes something out of him to admit it.
Swallowing past everything inside him, Dean tries to shake himself of his thoughts. He wanders through to empty apartment to the living room, where he stands and wonders what he should do with himself. Cleaning is the only thing that comes to mind, his thoughts still swirling.
“I can’t believe you guys even found all these pillows,” Dean mutters, flicking through channels.
Dean tries to remember when Sam had stopped believing him. It wasn’t long after they moved back, even though Sam was still little then. Too smart for his own good, even at six.
He wipes his tears. The sun is slightly higher in the sky than it was when he came out, and the water comes nearly to his knees where he stands. With a sniff, he clears his throat.
Dean shakes his head. “No. I knew he wouldn’t.”
is to us - as it should be.”
They play more games, meeting up with the others at one point. It’s obvious Bela isn’t having much fun and Dean isn’t surprised when Victor announces that the two of them are leaving, despite them only being in the arcade for about an hour. Jo bitches about it loudly after they say their goodbyes and walk away, and Dean would bet money Bela could hear her.
Dean rolls his eyes, and Jo just grins.
“Now, get back to work,” Bobby grouches. “That damn car of yours would be gettin’ done a lot faster if you were actually workin’ on it, and you weren’t so busy smoochin’ in it.”
Bobby considers Dean from under the brim of his cap. His voice is still soft when he asks, “How long you known?”
“You - ” Sam points at Cas. “You - Cas, you’re - ”
“How ‘bout you go sweep out the pool,” John suggests, speaking over the sound of himself hammering in a nail and not looking in Dean’s direction.
“I think I’m dying,” he deadpans.
Dean can feel Cas’s eyes boring holes through him as he fiddles with a small tear in his sweatpants over his knee. He thinks about his dad. He thinks about Cas’s family. He thinks about answering to others, and meeting expectations, and doing as they’re told.
Dean breathes.
7:06pm
“Come in.” Sam shuffles back a foot and holds the blanket to the side, inviting Dean to crawl inside. “It’s roomier than it looks.”
Cas is holding back laughter now as Dean backs him up into the side of the car. His ass bumps into it and Dean has him cornered. Dean plants both palms on the car on either side of him, boxing him in, while doing his best to hold back a smile.
“I think I’m good,” Dean smiles.
“Well, kid,” Rufus slaps him on the back. “Looks like we got ourselves a busy day tomorrow.”
The noise is cut off when Cas abruptly slides an arm around Dean’s waist and, without pausing the steady strokes with his hand, flips the both of them on the mattress until Dean is on his back and Cas is hovering over him. Cas presses a finger to Dean’s lips, which had parted in surprise.
Jaw working, John doesn’t take his eyes off Dean, who refuses to look away.
Their lips slot together easily, dry and warm. They press in close, flush to one another, and Dean tilts his head and opens his mouth.
, he thinks, and he concentrates on Sam.
Curling a finger through one of the belt loops of Dean’s jeans, Cas tugs him around to face him.
“No, Dean - ” Cas starts, but Dean’s shaking his head and he lets out a scoff that’s like sea glass in his throat, dangerously sharp.
Dean casts a glance at Cas out of the corner of his eye, not sure if he wants to have this conversation. He shrugs.
They eat quietly for a minute or two before Sam says, “You sounded pretty mad when you were yelling at him.”
Cas blinks down at him, his eyebrows drawn together sharply in the middle, looking freaked out. Dean sees his own hand, knuckles stark white, clutching the front of Cas’s shirt, and Cas has a hand around his wrist.
As much as he tries to stop the thoughts from swirling in his head, Dean can’t keep them away. As hard as he tries to prevent himself from replaying the things he heard, the words repeat on a loop.
They go to Fort McHenry first. The monument rests on the end of Locust Point, a waterfront footpath encircling the entire fort and running through it. It’s more than nerdy enough to get Sam excited.
“I’m fine.” He pulls his hand out of Cas’s, distancing himself. His breath is coming a little fast - he didn’t notice before now.
“They sound like dicks,” Dean observes. “I thought mermaids - sorry, mer
Before he can stop himself, Dean lets his eyes drift east.
He props himself up on an elbow and tugs hesitantly at the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants.
Tearing his eyes away from the door, Cas turns back to Dean.
“Who would take care of Sam?” he asks weakly.
Dean grits his teeth. The keys are still in his hand.
loud.
The motel has that end-of-summer feel to it. Check-outs of seasonal guests are more frequent than check-ins, just a few non-regular rooms occupied by people trying to get their last-minute vacations in before school starts up again.
“Dean.”
“I mean, I guess I just assumed he already knows that I want him to - to stay, or whatever,” Dean stammers. Why is he always having these embarrassing conversation with his little brother?
“Well you better get your ass back to the Bunker right after, you hear me? I swear to God, Dean, you had one job to do.”
“When do you think your father will be back?”
“Yeah, man, enjoy this illegal shit for one last time,” Ash says with a chuckle.
“We came out ‘for a smoke’,” Cas says, and Dean cracks a smile at how his matter-of-fact tone sounds when slightly slurred with alcohol.
Back in his own bed, Dean settles beneath the covers, and it doesn’t take him long to drift off. When he does, he dreams of white light, and sunlight glittering off of water from above, and the sound of a powerful tail splashing softly, but he won’t remember any of it in the morning.
“ - right, Dean?” Sam says, and Dean finds his brother staring at him expectantly.
Cas is the first one to make a move, stepping over to the table and setting his bowl down. Sam goes next, and with a glance towards John, Dean follows their lead. He scoops the mail off the table and tosses it to the counter before sitting down.
“Okay,” Castiel’s eyes travel around Dean’s bedroom.
“She leaves Friday, right?”
Of all things, a chuckle escapes him. It comes out low and self-deprecating, as he realizes the truth of his own words - words he had yet to admit even in his head until this moment, but they’re true. He doesn’t know why he’s just recognizing it now.
He knows that Cas doesn’t sleep, either. There’s no way he could be with the way Dean’s tossing and turning, and when Dean finally can’t take it anymore and he gets out of bed, Cas sits up immediately.
At Jo’s insistence, they plan on going to another party on Thursday. In the meantime, if none of them have to work, they spend a lot of time on the beach. The weather is beautiful, and the beach is crowded, and it’s getting into prime people-watching season.
As they watch, Castiel coaxes Bones out of his little rock cave. The small, orange fish swims out hesitantly, approaching Castiel’s fingers and apparently checking them out.
When they finally get back, Dean fumbles with the keys to the apartment enough times that Cas takes over, sliding his hand over Dean’s and taking them from him.
Dean is looking at Jo but his mind is far away. He breathes through his nose, and he listens to his pulse in his ears.
Even empty, the pool kinda gives him the creeps. His footsteps echo around the walls of the deep end, the ledge high above his head.
“Yeah,” Dean says, but doesn’t stop his route to the kitchen. He’s already done all the dishes, scrubbed the counters, and taken out the trash. He opens the fridge. Maybe it needs to be cleaned out - he hasn’t done that in a while.
He feels tired. Weariness pulls at him at the mere prospect of going, if he’s being honest, but he feels like a shitty friend saying no.
Dean closes the space between them and kisses him, their lips pressing together firmly as they lie next to each other in the sand. Though he normally hates getting all sandy, especially when he’s fully clothed, Dean doesn’t mind it when he gets to feel Cas’s mouth moving against his own.
Cas doesn’t answer.
Again, Dean shrugs. “Probably somewhere with Sam. I haven’t seen him.”
Dean nods again. “Sure.”
“No,” he finally says. “He’s not.”
Cas is waiting on the curb outside the pet store, and he looks grumpy. Dean’s eyebrows quirk at the irritable frown on Cas’s face as he pulls the Impala up alongside him, shoving the whole thing to the back of his mind.
” Sam’s never gonna get over this merman thing.
Cas drops his gaze.
“Alright, you two. You let me know when you finish that puzzle, won’t you?”
“It’s Sam’s favorite. I don’t get it often ‘cuz it’s expensive.” After stirring the food around to make sure it’s evenly spread, Dean places the lid over the pan and turns to face Cas, who wears a speculative expression.
Dean swallows. Relief washes through him, and he’s so grateful to Bobby he can’t even find words and he just nods. Bobby turns back to the stove.
He mulls over his biggest, nagging worry.
Shit.
Slowly, Dean sits up from where he lies on the couch. The threadbare blanket that was draped over him falls into his lap, and he stifles a groan. His whole body hurts.
“Yes, I’m quite comfortable,” Cas proves it by yawning.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas says plainly, just loud enough for Dean to hear him. Dean swallows.
Dean shuts off the car and gets out.
Cas seems to contemplate a moment, his eyes searching Dean’s face. “I would like to see things.”
and explain - ”
“But they want you. Why wouldn’t you go?” When Dean just shakes his head, a look of realization comes over Sam’s face. “What, because of
“Yeah,” Dean replies, starting the car.
“I’m starving,” Castiel nods up at him.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “My dad had him in lessons for a while.”
On the drive back from Bobby’s, Dean had come up with more than one weak excuse, each more pathetic than the last, and he tries frantically to decide which one to use.
“I know I told you this was your call, Dean. And it still is. It doesn’t mean you have to go, but… I figured it’d be good to keep your options open, give you some more time to think it over.”
Dean picks at the hem of his jeans. “A little.”
“Dude, you are
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean grouched back, but he was pretending like he wasn’t blushing.
“It’s whatever, Jo,” Dean says to the parking lot, his sharp words effectively making her fall quiet. There’s a beat of tense silence, Dean’s fingers itching to press into his side. “Listen, I’ve got some stuff to do today,” he says evasively.
Dean chuckles, and for the first time in a long time it’s real and he loves her for it.
Dean laughs. He gives Cas a brusque peck on his jaw before stepping away, slapping him on the ass as he does.
“Let’s just say these hot dates are very impressed with the ‘programming’ of the jacuzzi jets.” Gabriel uses finger quotes for the word ‘programming’ and flashes a suggestive smirk at Dean, who grimaces. “If you know what I mean - ”
“Yes, sir.” Dean finds himself staring, unseeing, into the depths of the soda machine.
“Okay,” Cas says, and Dean sees his sweatpants tossed into his field of vision.
In his hand, the crowbar feels heavy and solid and more real than anything else. He flexes his fist around it, so tightly his knuckles ache. He’s been on the verge of this for weeks, has been holding the seams of himself together delicately but here it is to take him under and Dean doesn’t have the strength to keep his head above it any longer. The paint blurs before his eyes. He swings.
He slips out of his room and into the hallway just as Sam’s passing by, disheveled and still in pajamas. Dean’s careful to shut the door before Sam can catch a glimpse of the unmistakable dark hair poking out from the covers. That’s definitely not something he can deal with first thing in the morning.
, and every time I ask you anything you - ”
No surprise, Cas had been the one to ask Bobby if they could bring the dog the first time. While Dean had rolled his eyes and started to say something along the lines of, “No, Cas, the dog doesn’t need to come - ”, Bobby had interrupted him.
“Anything new?” Crossing his arms, he leans over her shoulder to look at the sign-in book. Sam plops down in the chair next to her. There’s just the same twelve or so names on the list that there were earlier. About half are regulars, the others probably here to visit the beach early, before the real summer rush.
He wails on the car until the hood is absolutely mangled and then he keeps going, the muscles of his arms burning and his hands stinging. Footsteps come up behind him fast and someone calls his name but he can’t hear anything over the ringing in his ears and then there are hands on him.
Dean feels cracked open, he feels warmed from the inside out, as Cas continues his ministrations. He’s so gentle with him it almost hurts, deeply in a way that lodges Dean’s heart in his throat and makes the backs of his eyes sting. Breath hitching with some overwhelming feeling he can’t name, Dean just watches wordlessly as Cas leaves these kisses across his ribcage, healing his bruises in their wake.
Figuring it’s a better time than any, Dean suggests they pack up and head back to the Bunker. His shoulders feel warm and a little tender, like he might have gotten a bit too much sun, too. No doubt he probably has twice the number of freckles he had earlier.
“And you definitely wouldn’t let me do this,” Cas pulls back just long enough to murmur, and he shifts onto his elbow and slides a leg over Dean so that he’s straddling his hips. Dean nips at his lower lip playfully, hands sliding up the back of Cas’s shirt.
“I think what you’re doing is pretty cool,” Dean says honestly. “Pretty badass, actually.”
Sam frowns, and Dean looks up at him.
“We need pizza,” Jo nods, as if that’s decided.
- here, I can’t - ”
“I’d like to,” Cas says with a smile.
“That’s
Cas nods again, his eyes trailing to the front of the pet store. Dean sees him swallow.
Jo hums thoughtfully. Dean can feel her searching gaze on the side of his face, and it makes his skin crawl. Rolling his shoulders, his straightens up.
“Okay!” He exclaims, and he’s up and out of his chair in a flash, snagging his own bowl off the table with a rattle and coming around to collect everyone else’s.
His legs feel heavy, his sneakers scuffing through the dirt as he looks her over. Absently, he wonders what his dad would think if he drove her back to the motel when she was finished, parked her outside the apartment.
“Not if you don’t get out of bed!” Dean insists, and Sam snatches the backpack from Cas and scrambles to his feet, suddenly wide awake.
Cas reaches for him but Dean recoils, no, he can handle this, he’s got it, he’s just gotta -
Cas stares back at him, his chest heaving with shallow breaths. His mouth moves wordlessly, but it isn’t until he breaks eye contact, glances down and away, that Dean’s suspicion is truly confirmed.
And the
Sam is thoughtfully quiet.
Cassie exhales. “Back then I thought you were telling me you were gay because you wanted to dump me - ”
It’s been a long time since Sam’s suggested that. He used to do it a lot, when they’d first moved back. When Dean spent more time worrying, chewing his nails and digging at his ribs, than he did talking. He remembers how his dad looked at him, and he’s standing in the kitchen with Sam and Cas but he’s thinking of his father, and the first time he saw him look afraid.
“Yes,” Cas breathes.
Cas makes a face. Dean tells himself he watches Cas clamber into the car and sprawl out on the front seat to be sure he doesn’t invite the dog in with him. Definitely not because of the view he’s afforded of Cas’s ass as he does it.
under the water, which he could never imagine himself doing, before tonight.
“It was very nice to meet you, ma’am,” Castiel says, nodding politely.
“Alright, it’s not far. Come on, I’ll help you,” Dean takes Cas by the bicep and helps heave him to his feet. Cas’s legs are trembling, and Dean quickly ducks under his arm, pulling it around his own shoulders to keep him from slumping. “I gotcha, let’s go. Bring the trash can.”
Reaching out for another taffy, Gabriel nudges one down the railing towards Dean. He takes it this time, unwraps it carefully. It tastes like strawberries.
“I’ve only ever told one other person, and it didn’t exactly go well. I’m not super excited to have a repeat of that, you know? She didn’t - like, out me or anything, it could’ve been worse, but still, it wasn’t super
Dean chose the word purposefully, knowing how much it peeves Cas to be called a mermaid, and the scowl on his face is proof that it worked. He must know that Dean is messing with him, though, because there’s a glint in his eyes as he shakes his head.
“They also help prevent coastal erosion,” Cas adds simply.
He’s stepped up into John’s space and is yelling right to his face and he’s never in his life had the nerve for this but John shoves him back hard with his free hand.
Dean dozes, the sounds of the tide crashing and kids yelling and adults idly conversing creating a comforting sort of white noise. He hadn’t gotten the chance to nap as long as he would’ve liked after working the night shift, because the weather was beautiful and “it’s
“Yeah. It - ” Dean swallows again. “It makes me feel better. Sometimes.”
“Why are we rushing?”
“Sir, I - I told Bobby I’d work a shift for him in the morning - ”
Dean stands completely still and there’s sea glass in his throat, sharp and piercing, and the ocean in his lungs is threatening to take him under. He holds his breath for what feels like forever, and he doesn’t turn to watch when Cas finally walks away.
“Thank you.”
“Yeah,” Sam nods, takes a lick of his ice cream. “Do you think Adam knows about us?”
“Dean?”
“Look at me, Castiel,” she snaps.
“Of course, Sam,” Dean says, smiling behind
“You’re a
“You’re finished early,” Cas says finally, when the silence stretches just about too long and Dean hasn’t moved.
“Just as Inias described,” Naomi murmurs, inspecting him. “The boy with the seagrass eyes.”
“Dean.” His dad’s voice is sharp, now, a tone that Dean feels himself react to despite the words being caught in his throat.
John glances at Cas again. “Sure,” he grunts.
As they pull away, Sam says, “We totally had enough money for that KitKat, by the way.”
Then, a moment where several things happen at once. Alastair gives one last heave, and Dean feels the ground disappear from under him, and he scrambles; there’s a cry of pain, loud, right in his ear, which he’s pretty certain doesn’t come from himself; the hands in his shirt disappear, but new ones grab at his shoulders hard; his own hands flail out and make contact with the edge of the pool and he clings for his life; there’s a splash, and his legs are suddenly soaked, water seeping into his jeans.
“He’s pretty inebriated, was apparently causing some trouble,” she continues. “But no one wants to press charges, and since he’s local we’re not lookin’ to, either. We told him he’s free to go, but only if he’s either sober or he has a ride.... He told us to call you.”
Gabriel snorts a laugh, smacks his lips around the candy. “You asked, kid. But yeah, they’re maybe not as strong as before, but I’ve still got my tricks. For example,” he says, and gestures at Dean’s bruised cheekbone, “I can take care of that shiner for you, if you want.”
Shit, shit shit shit. He can’t lie. First of all, his dad always knows when he’s lying, and second of all, he’s going to see how dirty the pool is when he gets back tomorrow. He’s waited too long to respond now anyway, and -
“You don’t know?” There’s bitterness in Dean’s voice.
“Why is a lobster wearing sunscreen?”
“Your legs,” Cas murmurs, and his head tips just slightly to the side, “they’re curved. Mine don’t look like this.”
to be his boyfriend? Dean’s stomach twists and he forces himself to zone back into the conversation before he freaks himself out.
“But you came back. Much to the annoyance of some of my siblings, mind you. After he moped around for years while you were gone, you came back and then all Castiel would do was laze about in the shallows, hoping to see you on the beach.”
, drown and die with his lungs burning and the ocean claiming him as its own.
“What were you looking at?” Dean glances around them again but still sees nothing out of the ordinary.
Dean hadn’t made the connection earlier, but when Jo texts him again the next evening about the boardwalk blaze, he feels stupid for not realizing.
Gabriel grunts in response, reaches for another taffy.
“Do I know you?” Dean asks.
Dean and Sam share an amused look.
“I wasn’t there, but I know about it. The day with the boat. When Castiel found you in the water.”
“Um. Okay,” he clears his throat. “I’ll ask him if he wants to. I’ll text you later, okay?”
Cas shakes his head. “Not since he washed up.”
“Um, thirty-seven eighteen,” she says.
“Right,” Dean agrees, clearing his throat. “Yeah, I was telling Cas that earlier.”
Pure delight erupts over Zachariah’s face at that, and Dean is inexplicably filled with dread. Cas’s eyes go wide with panic as he throws out a hand in protest.
The three of them shuffle out of Sam’s room and towards the door, Sam looking annoyingly satisfied with himself, and Castiel appearing thoroughly entertained by the entire exchange.
“C’mon,” Dean murmurs, nudging Cas’s shoulder. “Sammy’s running off again.”
The girl on the other team is good. She makes a lot more cups than her partner, that’s for sure, but Dean doesn’t worry much because he quickly finds out that Cas is
Blinking rapidly, his eyes streaming, Dean vaguely hears Cas’s frantic pleas as he struggles to draw a breath in. The pain is searing, and his airway is closing -
,” Sam says pointedly. “It’s
, he takes a step backwards, into the hall.
Frowning, Dean pushes himself up on a palm to look around them. The breeze has picked up to a wind, deliberate and whirling, but it’s the giant thundercloud above them that really catches his attention. Cas sits up beside him.
“I heard their rugby house throws some crazy parties,” she says encouragingly, slurping the last of her soda through her straw. “You should drive down.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean shoves the faucet on and gets to work.
“What are you doing?” Jo asks, suddenly sounding suspicious.
“God, I love rich people,” Ash says appreciatively.
,” Cas repeats, but this time he voice wavers with desperation. “Naomi, please - ”
“Okay,” he says eventually, and Dean sees him nod in his peripheral vision. “Yeah, okay, that’s - fair. You both - ”
Dean can hardly see, his vision swimming, but he brings the crowbar down again and again. The force of each blow vibrates painfully up through his forearms but he barely notices. He grunts with every metal-on-metal bash of the hood, and though his body starts to fatigue he doesn’t slow, just throws every ounce of his weight behind the violent destruction of his entire summer’s work.
He couldn’t breathe and he was going to
“So, he’s...where, exactly?”
Cas looks absolutely baffled. “What?”
They toss their trash and walk towards the rides, where Dean exchanges a few bucks for tickets. He divvies them up between the three of them.
Although he wants to say something about how Cas looks like some giant, weird baby bird, the adjectives that come to Dean’s mind are more along the lines of
When they finally pull away from one another, they don’t go far. Cas has his elbows hooked over the tops of Dean’s thighs to keep him out of the water. Dean lets his hands stay where they are on either side of Cas’s neck, and he leans down to kiss him once more on the lips, briefly.
They come up on 28th street, and start across the parking lot of the Bunker.
Dean’s stomach turns over.
When Dean finally turns back to him, Cas is doing a shit job of holding back a grin and Dean feels himself lose all of his determination to be cranky.
Bobby surveys him from across the table. “Believe it or not,” he says quietly, “that’s your daddy’s job, not yours.”
Dean stands in front of the bed and surveys Sam sleeping quietly for a long moment. For some reason, standing there, he thinks of sharing a cushion-less loveseat, his own legs the only pair too long for it. It wasn’t too uncomfortable, but he remembers a chunk missing from the arm that at the time he’d prayed wasn’t from rats. He shoves the unexpected memory away.
At the front, he finds Cas and his brother looking at the candy, each with a bag of chips. Sam chose Doritos, which Dean expected, and Cas chose… cheddar bacon mac and cheese flavored Lay’s.
“No, it’s okay. We could - go see a movie, or go mini golfing - ”
Dean flicks Sam on the back of the arm with a scowl. “Language, Sam.”
“Yeah,” he shrugs, and it feels a little out of control even to him. “It was a long time ago, though. And then we came back, and my dad bought the motel, so we’re here for good I guess.” He doesn’t mean to sound as bitter as he does.
Cas makes a thoughtful noise. “Orange.”
“You’ve been doing that a lot recently.”
He takes his time making a sandwich, and he wraps it up in a napkin, and he doesn’t think about Cas. When he’s sure little Dean isn’t going to do anything to humiliate him, he heads for the lobby.
Still, despite the endless reasons he comes up with for why he’s missed his chance, how he won’t be able to make it work, a part of him is thrumming with something he can’t quite identify. Excitement, maybe, anticipation - the chances of him actually going, of all the pieces falling together, of John supporting it, they’re incredibly slim, but even so he lets himself imagine it, despite how dangerous that is. He imagines leaving, while only abstractly, imagines how it would be to not be left behind by everyone he knows, of making a decision for him and him only, and it has him buzzing under his skin.
Cas does, and they trade kisses for a few minutes, lying together with their limbs tangled. Dean nudges his face into Cas’s neck, breathing him in, and he can feel the contented noise Cas makes rumble in his chest.
“We ran up to the railing, and Cas was gonna jump in, but Alastair tried to stop him, and I - he had a
“Listen, you don’t have to keep it once you’ve got it runnin’,” Bobby had said. “I know you’ve been driving your daddy’s Impala, and you’ll never part with the damn thing, but this’ll be good experience for you, fixin’ it up. Then you can sell it, or trash it, I don’t care.”
“See, Cas, look - you can see the viking statue from here, kinda,” Sam points, and Castiel nods along, but Dean can’t see the viking statue from where they are, and he doubts Cas can, either.
“It smells like fruit,” Cas says, and he’s right. It’s a strong smell, like peaches or something, and it diffuses throughout the car.
Dean chews his lip. “I don’t know.”
Castiel’s eyes are wide, and for the first time he looks afraid. “Are you leaving?” He whispers back.
“Dean,” Sam whines, and his voice sounds especially shrill. Dean grits his teeth and ignores him.
“I’m proud of you,” Cas murmurs into his hairline.
“What’s his plan for the summer?”
There are boats leaving trails through the water far below them, the scene framed between the steel cables of the suspension bridge as they pass. It’s an astonishing sight, and Dean’s so enraptured by the sun glinting off the water and the awed quiet inside the car that he forgets to be nervous as they cross.
Dean smiles, watching as Sam nudges into the pillow and closes his eyes. “Night, bitch.”
In his peripheral vision, Jo stares at him. Slowly, her shoulders sink with understanding.
“I don’t ‘get all weird’,” Cas says defensively, and Dean just gives him a look.
“No,” Cas says seriously, and Dean opens his eyes when Cas’s hand comes up to his face. “Don’t apologize.”
“This’ll feel even better,” he whispers, and squirts a dollop into his palm. Tossing the bottle up by Cas’s head, he leans back over. With an elbow braced on the pillow beside Cas, Dean pecks him on the lips once. “Still okay?”
“Alright,” Cas says simply, and Dean appreciates that he doesn’t press the matter.
“Sure,” Dean says with a nod as he takes it from her. “Thanks.”
“No. But I want you on call tomorrow in case I need somethin’, you hear me? I’m still pissed about this fucking pool.”
“I need you,” Dean says, and it’s the most true thing he’s said all night. He lets his hands skim down Cas’s neck and over his shoulders, and this time when Dean tries to recapture Cas’s lips, Cas meets him in the middle, and they kiss with new ardor.
“Wow. It’s been way too long,” she says with a grin.
, he thinks, and his gut gives a twinge to emphasize.
“Sh-sh-shh…” His mouth brushes the skin below Dean’s ear and Alastair likes this, is getting joy out of it, Dean helpless and trembling and feeling like he’s going to be sick. Lips against his ear, Alastair whispers, “How about that swim, Dean?”
“Great. Get your shoes on, let’s go. I got cash for the bus.”
And man, is it worth it. As soon as they walk in, all three of them are taken aback with wonder. The place is incredible. The entirety of the inside of the building is dim, and everything has a blue hue to it. It sort of reminds Dean of the underside of the pillow fort from the night before, and the subdued, muted feeling of lying under the blankets. He focuses on that feeling.
Dean holds his hand out so Sam can pass a little crab to him. It scuttles around, and it tickles as it tries to burrow into his palm.
John blinks. Finally, he nods, dropping his hand away from Dean’s face.
And then Alastair is back, growling primally, and Dean is brutally body-slammed from behind. His neck cracks with whiplash, and he stumbles into Jo, both of them going down. He hears Jo’s head thunk hard off the wood of the dock, a sound escaping her that’s more surprise than pain, but now, Dean is furious. Untangling himself from Jo, he spins and bounces up into a crouch.
, before Rufus comes back here - ” Castiel finally nods and does as he’s told, Dean’s wrist sliding out of his grasp as he slips off the ledge and into the water with hardly a sound. Dean loses sight of him between all the debris and he stands just as Rufus shoulders through the gate.
“I want to go. I know you know that. And I’m glad I’m going, I’m - I’m proud of myself for doing it, for having the guts. But - ” Chewing his lip, Dean shakes his head.
When Dean and Cas get back to the apartment, Sam is no longer in the living room and his bedroom door is shut. Honestly, Dean’s relieved to not have to deal with him nagging again.
Castiel looks up at Dean and their eyes catch. There’s something in his expression that Dean thinks he recognizes, something he understands subliminally but can’t put his finger on. Castiel gazes at him for a long moment, until finally Dean clears his throat.
“No,” Dean says without looking at him.
Dean leads the way to the table, holding his drink above his head to avoid it getting spilled.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Go get some rest. I’ll be out here.” He tries to pull away, but Dean groans and doesn’t let him.
, Sam.”
“How much farther?” Dean hears Sam’s sneakers slap the concrete as he jogs a little to keep up. His footsteps sound different, somehow - too light. Though he pauses on this thought a moment, Dean ultimately shoves it to the back of his mind.
They only get a few steps before Missouri adds, “You boys stay hydrated, you hear?”
Ultimately, Dean says nothing. He stands there before his brother, absolutely seething, for a long moment, until finally he shoves by him. He leaves Sam behind, standing in the kitchen beside the dirty dishes and the running sink, and he stalks to his room.
“The storm,” Dean says to the water.
“Grilled cheese,” Sam says, and John grunts distractedly, taking a swig.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Just this guy, who comes down here every year. He graduated from high school two years ago, but he’s one of those losers who keeps coming back to senior week.”
“But I’m only paying for the first year. You hear me?”
“Dean, are you - ”
He lets himself privately enjoy the irony of that last part, because the whole point of being here is to be
“Hey.”
Shrugging it off, Dean leads the way to the garage, leaving Jo, who stops to talk with some people she knows. He gives the pool a wide berth, and as they walk he nudges Cas to the outside of him, further from the water, to protect him from any splashing that might go their direction.
“Despite your objectionable insistence on following in his wake in all other matters.” Hands clasped in front of her and again standing tall, Naomi says it like an insult. She clears her throat. “Anyway. We must be getting back.”
Staying away from the apartment, despite the off and on showers, proves to not be very hard. Cas gets his first payment from Frank on Saturday morning and is so excited that he insists the three of them go to the boardwalk. Luckily, the rain pauses long enough that night that they can go.
“All languages, huh…” Dean says absently, but his eyes have caught the shimmering movement of Castiel’s tail under the water. He swallows and looks back up at Castiel’s face to find that he’s staring at him with those giant blue eyes. Dean recoils slightly, feeling nervous. “Dude, you’re staring.”
He doesn’t know how long he stays in there but he assumes it’s a while. When he finally comes out, steam billowing around him to escape into the hallway, the apartment is quiet. He goes to his room and dresses slowly.
“Yeah, I know. I mean, it’s here. It’s happening now.” He closes his eyes. Jesus, he sounds like an idiot.
Bobby hands it over, and Dean looks at the front. It’s addressed to Mr. Dean Winchester, but it’s got Bobby’s address underneath, which can only mean one thing. Sure enough, the return address is for University of Maryland, College Park. Dean swallows.
Dean shakes his head - there’s no way he’d be able to afford this alone -
“Goddammit, Dean, are you serious?”
“Sam, you don’t wanna see them swim. Watch a video of it on the internet, I’m sure you can find one.”
The man hesitates, and Dean sees him flex his jaw.
“How?” Cas calls back.
“Look at you! You’re a merman! Oh my god!” His hair flops over his forehead in his excitement, and he stares down at Castiel’s tail. “Wow!”
“You have until the next moon,” Zachariah interrupts. “And then we expect you back.”
“Yes. It did look very crowded on the shore, if that makes you feel any better,” Cas says, and Dean throws him a grateful look.
“Where’s Cas at? He at work?”
More than the game, Cas loves watching the people in the crowd who show up on the Jumbotron, and the way they laugh and wave when they notice the camera on them.
His eyes dart over Dean’s face for a moment, but then Cas smiles softly. “Okay. Thank you.”
“Dean is showing me quite an enjoyable time, actually.”
“I’m seventy-seven.”
He carefully tucks the tickets into John’s wallet and avoids Jody’s frown.
When they’re all feeling significantly less than sober, they pack up all the alcohol into Jo’s backpack to take with them and straighten the room up.
“It’s expensive, for one thing, even with help. And College Park is like three hours away, Sam. I can’t go that far.”
“Like this?”
“ - you come with?” the girl is asking, but she doesn’t wait for a response. “I don’t recognize you, are you from PG county? That’s where most of us are from, we’re all down here for - ”
“Oh, yeah,” she says. “You boys have a trip planned to Minnesota?”
- will you just tell me what the hell you’re saying?” Dean finally lets the desperation leak through, and at the very least it gets Gabriel’s eyes back on him. He tries not to twitch beneath the long scrutinizing gaze. Dean stands quiet with a held breath, waiting for an explanation that in the depths of him, fathoms beneath where he usually feels safe enough to explore, he senses he’s known all along.
Jo’s on the mat outside, and as soon as she spots Dean he knows he’s in for it. John turns, throws a thumb over his shoulder at Jo.
Bobby clucks his tongue in annoyance at that as Dean cracks open the can. It fizzes, and he puts his mouth over the opening so it doesn’t drip. He doesn’t miss how Cas follows his lead in his peripheral vision.
” because Dean doesn’t
The party’s a stupid idea. It’s a goddamn idiotic idea, but Dean doesn’t care. In fact, it’s probably because it’s such a terrible idea that Dean agrees to go when Jo tells him about it.
“You sure you don’t want me to stick around?” Dean asks. He knows he’s being ridiculous, but his chest feels tight and he fidgets. “They don’t need chaperones or anything?”
“Wait a second - is this why you wouldn’t get in the water at the beach?” A look of understanding crosses Sam’s face. “Is it, like, the water that makes the tail come back?” Seriously - too smart for his own good.
She stretches up into his palm, chirps as he scratches behind her ears.
“Uh,” Dean clears his throat. “No, I don’t think so. I think I’m just gonna stay around here.”
“Hey, Dad,” Sam says around his spoon.
“Hey, Benny,” Dean says with a wave.
“Joints?”
Through the fabric between them, Dean can feel Cas getting harder, and he deliberately grinds up into him again. Jesus, Cas is responsive, and Dean himself is almost fully hard when Cas flexes his pelvis down in return.
There’s one thing in particular that Dean can’t shake, as much as he tries.
“Why are you doing that?”
They look exactly as he expected - Naomi perfectly prim, brown hair artfully groomed, standing as though she has a stick up her ass; Zachariah beady-eyed with a smug set to his mouth, arms coming up to cross his chest. Wearing crisp grey suits, they both have a condescending air about them. They look down their noses at Dean with poorly-masked disgust.
Dean swallows.
“Yes,” Cas nods, looking at him softly. “Not specifically in regards to this subject, as sexuality isn’t something that matters where I come from. But when it comes to judgement, yes, I understand.”
“Whatever,” he grumbles. “Come back down here.”
Dean pushes at Cas’s chest and sits up.
“Fucking sleep here then,” Dean snaps, so past caring he can’t believe it, and he makes to straighten up.
“Look at you,” Cas murmurs, and he bends over Dean to smooth a palm along his chest, apparently captivated by the flush he has across his skin. “You’re blushing.”
There’s a pounding in Dean’s head. It’s loud, and incessant, and while it doesn’t quite hurt it’s getting on his fucking nerves.
“Are you kidding?” Sam exclaims. “This is so much better!”
“How?”
“Hey,” she says quietly, and her eyes are glassy but they’re sincere. “You okay?”
“Why don’t you boys take a break, come in for a drink,” Bobby suggests. “I got cold sodas.”
Dean nods. He doesn’t look at his dad as he claps Dean on the shoulder on his way out of the kitchen. He can feel Cas’s eyes on him, but he keeps his own trained on the linoleum.
Dean nods, scraping his fingers over his ribs. Cas’s eyes jump to the movement.
“Aw, it’s pretty cute,” Jo says, a hand on her hip and the other shielding her eyes from the sun.
Dean sleeps like shit that night, and is awake long before he needed to be to drive Sam to camp.
“Of course,” Dean nudges Cas’s thigh with his knee. “What’s not to like?”
After the warmth subsides Cas’s hands travel, until Dean feels one sliding over his hip again, under the hem of his t-shirt.
Dean considers this a moment. He thinks about asking what he really wants to ask, which is, ‘
Dean hesitates before lowering himself to the ground to settle near the edge, cross-legged. Cas approaches him, reaching out and grabbing the ledge to pull himself close.
Dean lets himself look at it a few moments longer before he sets it on the nightstand, laying the dreamcatcher on top.
“Uh,” Dean glances around. He lifts an arm to rub his hand over the back of his neck but it only gets halfway before he stops himself. His arm falls back to his side awkwardly. “I don’t really have any quarters.”
job to close up the place before the storm. It wasn’t
. When Cas makes his third cup in a row and gets the ball back, Dean just has to laugh.
“What does that mean?” Dean asks, mouth dry.
.” He gripes louder, and they’re in a tunnel and the sound reverberates against the walls. There’s sunshine ahead, and Dean strides for it.
“I know,” John stutters. “I - needed to do this a long time ago, I know. I should’ve, but I was - scared.”
Alastair wouldn’t really throw him in the pool, would he? But they’re right up to the side of it, and Dean hears Cas call his name again, and Jo is shouting profanities, and Dean’s staring at the water and Alastair jabs a knee into his groin, hard.
“No,” Sam says with a shake of his head. He tears into his candy bar. “Have you talked to Cas?”
, like - like, I don’t know, I had to shut my eyes it was so bright. I dunno what it was from.” She swallows, shaking her head.
“Yes, you can feel it.”
Castiel seems to be acting normal again by the time they get back to the Bunker, so Dean doesn’t push the matter. He mostly forgets about the entire thing when he picks up his phone from the kitchen table while Cas chugs a glass of water at the sink and sees that he has a missed call from his dad.
“Okay,” he whispers, his breath hot on Dean’s neck, and it makes him shiver.
“Yes,” Cas says, his eyes soft as they search Dean’s face. “I’m good now.”
“Oh,” Dean says in mild surprise. He swallows. “Sure, okay. I can - I can set something up for you, I guess.”
“Oh,” Bobby says, eyebrows lifting. “I thought you had storm windows or somethin’ with your daddy today?”
They make out, and Dean has to admit to himself that Cas is right. In the past two weeks, they’d barely done any of this. Dean’s been working so much at the motel during the day, and John’s had too much of a presence around the apartment at night for Dean to feel comfortable fooling around.
“We’ll still have summers,” Ash says easily. “I wouldn’t miss a boardwalk blaze.”
“You’re leaving,” he says.
When Castiel says he’s feeling thirsty, Dean points out the water fountain and starts a one-person shooting game while he waits for him to come back. He does well, and Castiel returns to watch him excel onto level 8, where he finally loses but collects sixty-five tickets.
There’s a single beat of silence. For a moment Dean fears that Sam will object, will complain about being sent away and will refuse to go, and Dean prays that he doesn’t -
“Taffy?” Holding out a handful of individually wrapped saltwater taffies, he finally turns to Dean for the first time.
“Sam,” Dean hisses as some kid scampers by, followed by his parents. “Keep your voice down, would you?”
leave. Had we wanted to stop you, we could have.”
“I’m okay here,” Cas assures. “Thank you for coming by.”
“Besides,” Cas says, his grin turning clever. “I like it when you fret over me.”
When Cas comes back with jeans on, they settle in front of the TV with their breakfast, with Cas and Dean on the couch and Sam sitting on the floor at the cheap coffee table. Cas is pretty intrigued by cartoons, but is still dubious of Spongebob.
Dean looks at Cas. “You ready?”
“Hi, Frank,” Dean greets.
“Yeah, kid,” Dean waves a hand at him. “Now. C’mon, let’s go!”
Dean just shrugs. “For the hell of it.”
“Wait. That storm, that was them?”
“I’m gonna go take a shower,” he announces to the room before getting up, grabbing their dirty plates on his way to put in the kitchen.
” and everyone around the table laughs - until Cas goes to stick his card under the tab of the beer can in the middle of the table and it pops open with a fizzling
“We’re almost there.”
Breathing hard, nearly trembling with fury, Dean stands outside the dark car with what feels like a fissure opening up beneath his ribs. It travels deep to the very core of him, an ocean vent spewing something hot and toxic that spreads all the way to the tips of his fingers. Tectonic plates shifting inside him and the tide crashing somewhere distantly, beyond the motel, Dean feels like an absolute useless piece of shit.
His face lighting up, Cas points at Jo across the table with a “
“Oh, shit,” Dean mutters.
“Dean - Dean, are you alright - ”
He’s patient as Cas chatters on, and while Dean shakes his head he can’t help but feel a certain fondness as he listens.
Dean shouts loudly in alarm and leaps backwards away from the edge, dropping the net in his haste.
Dean shoots him a look, and then darts his eyes around the half-full bus in mild alarm. “Um,” he says. He clears his throat, and the bus comes to a stop at 23rd street. “Let’s get off here.”
He hears his breath echoing back at him in the small space and his heart beating in his ears. To him, it’s deafeningly loud, and he hopes it doesn’t give away his hiding place.
Cas gives him a small smile. “It’s okay.”
When his dad doesn’t move, Dean glances at him.
But Sam’s not here, and Dean isn’t sure if he ever was.
There are walking ramps that guide visitors along, leading them up floor after floor. They criss-cross in the open space of the building, going progressively higher, and hanging from the ceiling above all of them is the biggest skeleton that Dean’s ever seen.
They eat taffy, facing east and the dimming horizon.
“So where are you gonna live?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean replies slowly.
“All of them.”
“Well,” Cas says quietly. “You’re not alone now.”
“Dean,” John says sternly, and Dean snaps his eyes up to his dad’s impatient expression.
John nods, looking pleased. “Alright. Finish up your donut and meet me outside.”
Dean crouches next to him, hands hanging between his knees. Looking up at Cas from under his lashes, he tilts his head.
“Mmm,” Cas hums. “Looks good.”
“Yeah.”
“Sure, kid. I’ll be inside. Hang out as long you like,” he claps Dean on the shoulder and moves back towards the house. “Tell your brother I say hi. And chain that damn dog back up ‘fore you leave!”
And the
“Well, there’s only one left on your bed,” Cas says sheepishly. “And Sam took all of them from your father’s.”
Sam fails to bite back the huge grin threatening to split his face.
Castiel nearly walks into someone because he turns his head to stare at a kid walking past them with cotton candy.
“What the hell are you talking about? You like green beans.”
Sam splashes at Cas again, who turns his face away with a laugh before slipping under the water and out of sight.
Dean looks at Cas’s hopeful expression, and his resolve breaks. “Okay, fine. But I only have ten bucks left, so we can only ride a few.”
“No,” Sam says sternly. “We’re not taking it down. We worked hard on it.”
“Are you alright?” Cas sits up, his tail curling, water splashing softly over the side of the tub and onto the tile.
“Huh?”
“Sammy,” he says. His little brother hums in response and he sounds almost asleep. “There’s something I need to talk to you about.”
“You good?” Dean asks.
“It’s
Dean looks at him sideways, studies the side of Gabriel’s face.
Cas stands in the middle of the lobby, bare-chested and worried.
As much as he chest tightens at the thought, he needs to hear it. He needs to hear Cas say it.
“Aren’t I supposed to check up on who my little bro’s been seeing? Isn’t that my job, make sure they’re good enough for him?”
“Yeah, cool. Hey, tell people that - ”
And so it was Friday morning that Cas had come back from a walk through town to announce that he’d found a job and he starts on Sunday.
“Yeah.”
There’s a hand on the back of his neck and fingers in his hair as he’s bent over on his knees on the carpet, and Castiel is going to have to watch him die like this. He hears Cas murmuring softly behind him but can’t make out the words over his own loud attempts to draw in air and the thundering sound of his heartbeat in his ears and then suddenly things starts to quiet.
“Thank you,” Cas says with a grin as he chews, looking absolutely smug.
“Dean - ” His dad gets Dean’s fists untangled from his shirt and gets his bare feet on the floor, and Dean can’t catch his breath. Water drips on the floor as the monster with eyes the color of his dreams reaches for him from the tub. Dean screams.
Dean shakes his head, his chin trembling, but when Bobby reaches across the table to grip his forearm firmly, Dean lets him.
Dean laughs.
Dean inserts some quarters, and moves back so Castiel can step up to the game. When he doesn’t, Dean shakes his head and takes Cas by the shoulders, pushing him up into position.
“You think it was a coincidence Castiel ended up here?”
, Dean thinks. Then,
They get in line, which is short enough that they get on the next time the ride stops. The operator tells Cas that he can’t bring his dolphin on, so he asks the guy if he can hold it for him. The look on the guy’s face is hilarious, but he agrees, taking the stuffed toy from him with a shake of his head.
“Sam, wanna go in the water?” Jo asks as she hangs her shorts under the umbrella.
“Worked up? Over what?” Cas asks carefully.
“Sammy - ”
They walk a few meters up from the water, a careful distance from the low tide. Out of habit, Dean puts himself between Cas and the ocean.
Dean cuts his eyes to Cas sharply. “You two talked about me?”
“Yes,” he gasps.
“Anyway,” he says, changing the subject. “We need to think of a color to paint it.”
“Sammy, dinner,” he calls towards the living room, setting it on the table before going back to the stove to start cleaning up. Sam bounds over from the couch.
Getting a little too dizzy, Dean is just starting to slow himself down when he thinks he hears something from outside. He sticks out an arm and grabs the desk, bringing the chair to an abrupt halt. The room continues to spin as he stills, and he blinks rapidly to bring his vision back into focus. He strains his ears.
“You tired?” Dean murmurs, and Cas nods. “Wanna go to my room?”
Dean looks up with a frown. “What?”
“The kid kinda looked like me,” Dean says lowly.
“It’s so
Cautiously, with one hand braced on the concrete, Dean reaches out.
“Yes, sir,” Dean says. He knows Ellen won’t call him, she never does. She insists that “
“Yeah, well, Sam pitched a fit,” Dean says with a shrug. He finally releases his grip of his knees with his arms, crossing his legs in front of him and resting his elbows on his thighs.
Dean hisses, drawing his legs away. “Your feet are fucking freezing, man.”
“It means - that their tail won’t come back. Their legs would become permanent, regardless of whether or not they got wet again.”
“I saw Jo down at the beach,” Sam says, scurrying to keep up as Dean stalks past the line of motel doors towards their dad’s truck. “She said she invited you guys but you said no.”
“No, it’s not an inconvenience,” Dean insists. “Really. Lemme just finish up these dishes and we can go out there.”
Breath caught somewhere high in his throat, Dean doesn’t trust himself to speak. He can only nod, a jerky movement, and the backs of his eyes sting dangerously but his chest feels warm.
“Um,” Cas hesitates, and Dean glances at him to find him looking awkward. “Well, I - I wanted to see what it was like, on land.”
Like the tide going out, his footsteps recede, and Dean is alone.
“I’m leaving Friday. I won’t change my mind.”
Dean shrugs it off. “Don’t worry about it.”
Dean frowns. “For what?”
“Fuck, Cas,” he pants into Cas’s ear, the heat between his hips growing hotter and spreading. “There, right - yeah, do that again - ”
“Yeah? Everything good? I’m not gonna come back to shutters blown off and chairs three blocks away, right?”
“What - what else can you do?”
It’s obvious Jo is doing her best to strike up conversation, but every one of her attempts falls flat. Cas is trying to be nice, smiling and responding politely, but Dean’s brooding presence beside them has an effect on the atmosphere.
a face, staring up at him from deep below.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dean says. “Make sure you tell people - ”
Cas’s eyebrows lift. “Tomorrow?”
“Yeah?”
Even in the dark, Dean sees that Cas is as pale as a sheet. He has a gleam of sweat on his forehead, above where his eyebrows are pulled sharply together.
Despite having told the kid to go get ready for bed, Dean finds Sam waiting for him in the hallway. He hasn’t even got the door shut behind himself before Sam starts on him.
“So how come no one’s ever seen you?”
When they get off, Ash immediately announces (loudly) that they need pizza. That, paired with their bloodshot eyes and the skunky smell they no doubt bring off the ride with them is definitely suspicious, but they don’t attract anything more than weird looks as they make for the crowds.
” He makes a disgusted noise. “That’s a joke, right?”
“Yeah, of course,” Dean says.
As they pass the small kitchen, there’s the sound of the refrigerator closing and John turns to face them, a beer hooked between his fingers.
“You ready to go, Sammy?” Dean asks, and Sam nods. He and Cas stand and they all make their way back to the car.
,” she says.
They both lie still for a long time.
“He doesn’t like this light,” Castiel says, and with the hand not dunked in the water, he pushes Sam’s lamp away so it’s not shining into the tank. “There. He should be a lot happier now.”
“Dean, let go. You gotta get a bath, kid, we can’t - we can’t do this forever - ”
After a moment’s hesitation, Dean shifts down to his hands and knees and scuffles his way in. In spite of himself, his eyebrows lift, impressed.
) is still there, staring at him patiently,  although looking a little exasperated.
Cas nods in Dean’s peripheral vision. “Yes.”
Dean fiddles with the corner of a letter about applying into the honors program.
“Oh,” Cas says. “Well, I thought that I might stay.”
Biting his lip hard to keep himself from making a sound, Dean’s distantly aware of Cas staring down at him as he shudders through his orgasm, his come splashing over his stomach. Cas works him through it, not letting go of Dean’s cock until he finally relaxes into the mattress, completely spent.
“What’s she sayin’?” Sam keeps his eyes glued to the TV, eating around the crust of his toast.
Mouth stretching into a smile, Cas’s eyes flit over Dean’s face. “You’ve always been soft.”
Though Dean never tells him what happened, exactly, Cas’s absence and the brooding storm cloud that follows Dean around seems to be enough for him to get the idea.
Gabriel laughs at that, but he doesn’t deny it.
Jo takes one more hit and passes it off to Dean.
” - hardly registering the bite of the knife beneath the line of his hair as he struggles or the trickle of blood down his spine -
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Benny’s a good guy.”
“Cas, you wanna hold one?” Sam makes to hand one over.
Working to get out of his own shirt, Dean twists awkwardly from where he lies on his back, and he doesn’t get it off until Cas grabs a handful and helps untangle him from it.
Dean squirts sunscreen into his palm and slaps it onto Sam’s shoulders, ignoring his grumbles of complaint at the cold.
“Cat likes you,” Frank grunts, gesturing with his clipboard. “You need somethin’, kid?”
“Why?”
Zachariah makes a
“I will, ma’am,” Cas says.
“You don’t have to do anything.”
“Cas?”
“I couldn’t fucking tell you about my eighth birthday. Which is fine, I don’t give a shit, but if all that time when me and Sammy were growin’ up, and he was leaving - ” Dean’s suddenly afraid to voice his fear. He’s hardly even let the complete thought develop in his head, let alone say it out loud. “The idea that he was going off to - to be with - to spend time - ” Abruptly, there’s a dull burn in the back of his eyes, and Dean blinks furiously to dispel it before something ridiculous happens like he fucking
“Do you miss it?” Dean asks quietly.
“Why?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s true,” Sam says with a shrug. “I’ll leave you two to make out in peace. I don’t wanna be here for that, anyway.”
“I won’t bring it up again.”
Dean turns to see his dad staring across the hall.
“Cas had never built a pillow fort before,” Sam explains. “So we had to.”
“Um.”
He pushes himself up and brings his legs around so he’s sitting on his ass. Cas watches him, quiet.
He takes another step away from Cas to be safe, but he’s pretty sure they were an innocent distance apart. His brain’s fuzzy with weed, though, and he can’t be sure.
“What are you doing?”
8:09am
“Alright,” Dean says.
“But Dad - ”
Cas has been all about the fireworks all freaking day, ever since Sam mentioned them the first time that morning. He had gone with Dean to work at Bobby’s earlier, and while Dean got one of Bobby’s junkers up on blocks he talked his ear off about them. He’d said that he and his brothers and sisters would watch them every year, but he never knew what they were for.
They end up at the arcade, and Cas stops dead in the doorway.
“Hello, Bobby.”
Dean waits.
Cas just smiles, dripping from his earlobes and chin, and Dean’s caught in his stare. He lowers himself to his forearms, his legs tucked under him, bringing his face closer to Cas’s. Dean watches Cas’s eyes flick down to his mouth, and his throat bobs as he swallows.
“What’s on his nose?” He asks around a mouthful of egg sandwich that Dean showed him how to assemble.
Rest assured... this chapter hurt just as much to write as it may to read. Please don't hate me, but also remember that I promised you a happy ending. <3
that I should leave, that I should go to college, stand up to my dad even though you don’t have the guts to do the same fucking thing -
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” Dean says with a smirk.
“That fucking sink in Mrs. Tran’s room needs fixing again, and then I’ve gotta drive up to Fenwick, so I won’t be around to make sure you get your shit done. So get it done.”
Dean suddenly has a thought.
“Yes,” Cas says, and Dean doesn’t miss how his eyes flit away again. “I mean, they wanted - they wanted to see what I was doing here. They wanted to know where I’ve been.”
There’s a guy with a watch that looks more expensive than anything Dean owns, but he’s got a cigarette between his fingers and Dean thinks about asking him for one. The guy’s also wearing pastel-colored shorts, though. Dean rolls his eyes.
Jerking his head out of reach, Dean steps away so his wrist falls from Cas’s grip.
Cas’s frown deepens, and Dean looks away. He climbs into bed.
Dean concentrates and lets his breath out slow, forcing it to come out smoothly and not in a panicked burst. It works, miraculously, and he leans over the sink and gets another lungful in, which feels better than the last.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Cas murmurs, close to Dean’s right. Dean can feel Cas’s eyes on him, and he clenches his jaw.
“Perfect.”
As they push off the railing and turn back towards the way they came, Dean says, “Hey, maybe we could come back down here in the next couple days. Take Sam to the arcade. You haven’t played Speed of Light in a while.”
Finally, Dean clears his throat.
“And you’re right. Going to school, all this…” John sweeps a hand through the air absently. “You deserve it.”
Shifting on the pillows, Dean tugs absently at the hem of Cas’s shirt. “Yeah. What if we just got out of here for a few days? You know, go on a road trip.”
Dean’s distracted as he gets the tub set up for Cas, standing too long with his hand under the running faucet as if checking the temperature.
“Get ready,” Dean says, the machine counting down from five to start.
“The bruises are back.”
A heaviness drops like a rock into Dean’s gut as his suspicion is all but confirmed. His appetite gone, he pushes his ice cream away from himself.
With a smile, Gabriel nods approvingly, as though to himself. “You’re sharp, kid, I’ll give you that.” He straightens. “That was my best move. Check it out.”
Before Dean even opens his eyes, when he’s still in that drifting state of almost surfacing but not-quite-awake, he feels it.
“Fuck off, Cas.”
Taking the beer, Cas throws Jo an unconvincing glare when she whistles at him and glances at Dean one last time.
“It’s most of the reason the two of us don’t talk much anymore, if I’m being honest. Didn’t think he was being fair to you boys.”
There’s a small child standing with his mother, just a toddler with his one hand in his mouth and his other fist clutched around the woman’s first two fingers. Dean watches the kid stare at the ponies for a moment before letting his eyes slide past.
“How do you even know who I am?”
Dean finally turns to face his father completely, three bowls held between his hands.
Even along Coastal Highway it’s quieter. Most seasonal businesses will stay open through Labor Day at least, but already some are switching to their slower business hours. Traffic noticeably thins, the bus running less frequently, and in just about a week there will be school buses mixed in - Sam’s included.
“Is this your bed?”
“Why do you have to do it?” He asks, sounding annoyed.
As Dean rolls his hips down, focused on the feeling of Cas filling him up, Cas gets his hand slicked up again and fits it around Dean’s neglected cock. Though it had softened a bit with the lack of attention it’s quick to refill. Having Cas inside him and stroking him at once is more than he imagined, and he moves his hands to Cas’s hair. Each time Cas swipes under the head it feels that much more intense paired with the slick slide of him, and it sparks something low in Dean’s belly that’s quick to spread, until it’s at the tips of his fingers and he’s trembling. Cas’s hips twitch in little thrusts, meeting Dean every time he comes down. Breath shuddering, Dean leans in to press their mouths together as they move.
Dean rolls his eyes at that. He’s about to put his phone down without answering when she sends another.
“Yes, ma’am,” Deans hears, and he recognizes Cas’s voice immediately. While he tries not to admit it to himself, he lets out his breath in relief. He starts walking that way.
The two of them stand in a quiet that is almost companionable. Below them and around them the tide swells and falls and swells, and the currents churn on. Again, Dean is struck by the ocean’s indifference - he wonders if Gabriel feels the same way, now. He supposes the two of them have something in common.
, when Castiel suddenly starts retching. Dean just barely gets the trash can under him in time, and grimaces as Cas heaves up the contents of his stomach. From the sound of it, it’s mostly water. Dean, who’s always been a sympathetic puker, turns his face away as his own stomach turns dangerously.
speak English as well, obviously,” he says pointedly. “We speak all languages.”
Dean’s eyebrows quirk. “Oh. But this was okay, right?”
Every few minutes Sam pipes up with another question, another comment about Dean going to school. It’s often enough that Dean starts to wonder why Sam gave him a book, since he’s not giving him any chance to read it.
“Damn, Cas, that’s - that’s bad luck, man.”
“I thought you were dead, dude!” She punches him in the shoulder, hard. “Seriously, like - throat fucking slit, at the bottom of the ocean gonna wash up in five days dead - ”
“Pretty touch and go,” Gabriel says with a shrug. “Definitely the least fun I’ve ever had.”
And Dean hasn’t made a sound in almost four weeks now, but when he dad makes to stand, to set Dean on his feet, he’s so scared he lets out a desperate whine.
Now he has to go.
don’t, Alastair - ”
“Fine, but if you barf, you’re riding home in the trunk.”
“We won’t all fit on the ferris wheel,” Dean says.
Dean asks Cas how work was while they drive, and Cas tells him about the ferret that was adopted and the new rabbits that they got in.
Dean works to keep his breathing even.
“You’re an ass,” he says.
Dean breathes steadily, holding his gaze.
As much as it annoys him that everyone knows he and Cas had an argument on the beach yesterday, he can’t deny that it was probably pretty obvious. Dean had stalked back to the umbrella alone, only to be followed by a dejected-looking Cas ten minutes later.
“I was the one who went to the stupid movies and had to be picked up! I should’ve asked for a ride from - ”
“Hm,” Cas hums. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Yeah,” comes his dad’s voice.
And before he can chicken out, his stomach twisting only distantly with nerves, Dean gives Cas two more strokes with his hand before he takes him into his mouth.
They eat their dinner, and watch the movie, and Dean glances at Cas a few times to see his reaction to things - it is his first time seeing a movie, after all. He’s almost entranced, watching intently, immersed in the story. Dean’s seen the movie almost a hundred times, so he doesn’t feel like he’s missing out when he glances over to watch Cas instead.
“Why not?” Dean shuffles some more things around. Maybe he should just take everything out and wipe down the inside. He hesitates. Yeah, that’s a good idea. He starts grabbing things off the door and moving them to the counter.
And Dean knows that tone. Immediately, he’s thinking about the next week - how much food is in the fridge? Is he gonna need to ask his dad to leave money for groceries? He just got paid by Bobby, so that covers gas.
. It’s a good feeling, an empowering one, to cruise down the road in the set of wheels he nursed back to function, windows down and a beautiful boy in his passenger seat.
“It’s the least I can do,” Cas says.
. It’s not that - I don’t think they’d care, but it’s still - I don’t know, I just - ”
“Yeah,” he says. “Just us.”
The screen door smacks shut behind him.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks with a nod, and he swallows. His own hand slows on Cas’s cock as he watches Cas slick up his palm before reaching down. Dean pulls in his breath sharply as Cas wraps his long fingers around the base of his dick, and he nods in encouragement when Cas flicks his gaze up to his face. “Yeah, Cas, like that.”
“I think it sounds exciting,” Cas says. Sam gives Dean a bitch face, and Dean rolls his eyes, rinsing out his toothbrush and leaving the water on for them.
It’s not the first time Dean’s noticed Sam including Cas on their food plans, or trying to feed him, and he finds it kind of interesting. He considers it for a moment before realizing he’s standing like an idiot in the middle of the aisle. Shaking his head, he turns the cart around and heads for the deli.
“That’s unfortunate,” Cas says with a frown.
“Are you alright?” Brow pinched, Cas takes Dean by the shoulders, trying to get a look at him.
Dean just nods, unable to say more. He’s trying not to think about salt water, or the pull of the current, or the feeling of wet sand beneath his palms.
He passes off the soggy paper towel to Sam. “I’m gonna go get my shoes.”
him to, but he
When Dean finally stirs, he’s disoriented. Groggy, he lies still for a long moment to get his bearings. The bed he’s in is more comfortable than he’s used to. It feels like he’s been asleep forever, something else he’s not used to. Rolling onto his back beneath the heavy blankets, he blinks his eyes open blearily.
“This is what a car looks like?” Castiel runs a reverent palm over the roof.
At John’s instruction, Dean gets in and starts the car, and bites back a proud smile when she growls to life and everything sounds normal.
They get set up on the beach, throwing down a few towels and the bag of chips that they brought from the apartment. It’s not as crowded as it’s bound to be into the weekend proper, which is nice. They manage to find a spot with a pretty wide radius of open sand.
, stop -
. His stomach had been full of words and they were trapped there, twisting and squeezing to get out but he didn’t know how to let them go. “I was - I was young, yeah, but I had Sammy. Sammy was my job, and I knew that, and I could take care of him because I knew my dad needed me to.”
It’s like a gnawing sensation in the back of his brain, and he’s not awake enough to fight it. He doesn’t know how long he dozes like that, with his stomach in knots and his sleepy thoughts racing. He’s vaguely aware of a warm presence in bed with him, and his insides twist.
“Sam. We can explain this.”
Cas shakes his head, pulls the blankets tighter around his waist in an act of self-comfort.
Irritated, Dean grits his teeth. He couldn’t be out of here fast enough. If he didn’t know any better, he would think Cassie was going slow on purpose.
“You wanna hear something funny?” Dean asks, scooching down the pillows a few inches to rest more comfortably against them.
He hesitates at first, but then Dean does as Castiel says and he holds his hands out towards him, palms up. Though he flinches a little, he forces himself to stay still as Castiel reaches his own hands out and with the barest of touches, trails his fingertips across Dean’s palms. He can feel the drops of water left in the wake of Castiel’s dripping fingers, and he can’t help but shiver. His palms feel warm, all of a sudden, and before his eyes his hands heal with a soft glow, the scrapes disappearing.
Dean knows Jo’s tough, and she’s been in her fair share of her own fights, but it doesn’t keep him from feeling guilty. And on top of all the other anxious emotions in his chest, it has Dean jabbing a thumb between his ribs, hard.
“Boy needs to learn a little bit about responsibility,” Dean hears John mutter, but he knows the best thing for him to do about that is keep his mouth shut.
“So I guess there’s a limit on the legs, huh?” Dean says.
Castiel nods, breathing heavy. “Okay.”
“What
“How do you know any of this? About me and Cas? You said it yourself, you haven’t been around for over twenty years - ”
“Yeah, sure. I’ll see you later, then.” Dean turns to go.
“What’s in Fenwick?” Dean asks, his still half-asleep brain making him sloppy with questions.
“I haven’t seen you around in a while,” Cassie says as she starts scanning. “Not since senior week, right?”
Opening his mouth, Dean invites him in, and their tongues slide together. Dean doesn’t miss the warmth that emits from Cas’s hand, splayed wide across his ribs, as he heals the few bruises that were left.
John is
“You’re actually going?” Sam demands in a hiss that is hopefully quiet enough to be drowned out by the gurgling fish tank and the wall between rooms.
After stopping briefly at the booth to buy tickets, they get in line to the ferris is wheel. It isn’t too long, and they settle at the back of it.
“Good man,” John says with a nod. “I wanna get started early, so come right back here after you drop Sam off at his camp. I think it’ll take most of the day.”
“Since when are you interested in marine biology?” Dean asks, polishing off the last of his stir fry.
His mind is so caught up reliving Cas’s mouth, and how the water reflected in his eyes, and the way the droplets looked on his skin, that Dean doesn’t even think about how he had sat there, feet in the pool, without a problem. He put his
“Thor isn’t real either, Cas!” Sam says indignantly. “He’s basically an alien!”
“Does that mean Salisbury for you, too?”
Dean’s solo cup is empty and he has to admit, that jungle juice was strong. He can’t keep the grin off his face or his eyes off Cas, and their gazes meet just before Cas takes his shot and he falters, and misses. The girl makes her next one, and then both teams only have one cup left.
“Alright, Cas,” he says, and Cas looks at him. “Inhale it slow, or you’ll cough really bad. But hold it in your lungs as long as you can.”
“I’ll explain the rules to you,” Dean says into his ear, raising his voice to be heard over the sounds of music and people talking, and Cas nods.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” When Gabriel doesn’t answer, Dean huffs. “Why were you looking for me in the first place?”
Feeling his way across the room, Dean has a hand out to grab onto the armchair when he stubs his toe on the leg of the table, hard.
“You’ve seen them swim?” Sam sounds excited.
Cas turns with a confused expression, but it smooths in understanding when he sees Dean watching him.
“I’ve never been very far inland. What if I get sick?”
“I can get in the jacuzzi with a hot date without scaring her off, if that’s what you’re asking,” Gabriel says. “The legs are permanent.”
Just then, Sam comes crawling out from beneath the blankets.
“So you’ve forgiven me?” Cas gasps between kisses.
Dean peeks through his fingers to find Cas looking at him almost tenderly. “Yeah,” Dean says. “I know.”
As always, feedback is more than appreciated!
“Can I help you two?” Dean asks loudly, furious gaze snapping from Naomi to Zachariah and back.
John grunts, and there’s a pause, and Dean can feel his dad’s eyes on him.
“Sorry!” Dean whispers, straightening up. “Sorry.”
Dean gets his free hand tangled in the back of Cas’s hair and tugs his head up to slam their mouths together. He licks into his mouth and Cas lets him.
John grunts, and he stands. “Anyway, boys - ”
“Okay.”
“Okay.”
Jo makes a quiet gagging noise, and Ash and Dean chuckle.
“What have you been doing since?”
“Oh,” she says softly, and Dean can’t stand what he hears in her voice. “Shit.”
“Hey, guys!” Jo has her best fake smile on as they come up on the couple.
Cas smiles at that, pleased, and Dean feels his own expression soften at the sight.
“But?”
“Yes?” He asks teasingly.
“You’re building your leg tolerance,” Sam smirks, and it’s Dean’s turn to roll his eyes. Cas quirks his head, puzzled.
“You hear me, Dean? You better be on your way. We’ve already started.”
“Hello?”
“Ellen’s lookin’ for me, we’re going to Assateague.” Sam backs towards the doorway, and he scoops up his backpack from the floor. “I can’t
your decision, you’re
Heart thudding madly and trembling out of control, with water dripping from his lips and soaking him all the way to his socks, Dean stares with wide eyes.
After what feels like a lifetime, Dean lets his breath out, slow.
“Cas, don’t - ” Dean tries to push his hands away but Cas is insistent, and Dean is only just starting to feel solid again and his own hands are shaking too much to be any use. “I’m okay, I can - ”
“You hungry?”
Cas nods.
“But when he leaves, that’s where he’s going, right? To see them?”
“I don’t.”
“Are you alright?” He asks, concerned.
“Okay. Will you come see me after your shift ends?”
“Sure, whatever,” he says, fiddling with a pen where he leans on his elbows over the front desk in the lobby. “That works.”
“Thirsty, Cas?”
“Cas, right?” she asks.
Cas’s hands curl around Dean’s hips and Dean presses his lips to the sensitive skin below Cas’s ear and hears him let his breath out long and slow. Dean swallows, and does it again. Cas’s fingers tighten on his sides.
John holds up a hand. “I’m sorry - you what?”
Fingernails blunt and faintly biting, Cas urges Dean downward until their chests touch, hands trailing up the back of his t-shirt. Dean slots a thigh between Cas’s legs to hear him gasp, and isn’t disappointed - he smiles, satisfied, against his mouth.
“I hope you don’t mind, we took some blankets from your bed,” Cas explains from where he sits cross-legged next to the table. “I was sure to leave your favorite one.”
“Dean, I - ”
Dean’s heart pounds in the silence that stretches on impossibly.
.” Dean squeezes his eyes shut. “Oh my god, I’m losing it. What is happening - what the fuck - ” He opens his eyes again, but the
While he’s unsure if he’s supposed to be offended by that, Dean’s jaw still clenches in irritation.
They make out, lying together on the ground beneath the ebbing current of the wheat grass, the breeze picking up around them but they pay it no mind, hardly even notice. Dean grinds down into Cas’s hip because he can’t help himself, and the groan that rumbles from deep within Cas’s chest has his hands trembling and his breath shuddering past his lips. He can feel his cock begin to fill against his leg, trapped in his jeans, and he suddenly remembers the small bottle he’d shoved in his pocket at the grocery store.
Cas and Dean debate the DVD selection for a few minutes, before they decide on Caddyshack. Or rather, Dean suggests it, Cas looks dubious, and Dean insists that it’s a classic and they have to watch it.
“Opinions?”
“I’m sorry you thought I had a problem with who you like,” Cassie says after a long moment, softer now. “That was never what it was about.”
He thinks of Bobby and there’s the sour taste of guilt. Bobby had to witness that, had to hold the pieces of Dean together when Dean was sure they’d be washed away, dispersed like flotsam.
The following days are noticeably stilted. Cas goes to work at Frank’s, and joins Dean when he works for Bobby, and they watch movies with Sam and for the most part it doesn’t seem like anything has changed. But things are different.
“I know!” Castiel says excitedly, obviously misinterpreting Dean’s exclamation. “
“Pretty different from the ocean, huh?”
“We just gotta be kinda quiet,” he murmurs. “I don’t know who’s working the night shift, but we don’t want them to hear us. I just shut off the motion light.”
Dean’s still thinking about the feeling of Cas’s lips against his by the time he gets into bed, and he finds himself smiling. Making out with a merman - who knew that would ever happen to him.
Dean wakes with a sharp inhale. He pulls in oxygen and it’s such a relief that it aches.
“I can’t fucking believe you, Cas,” Dean says, and he means it. He ignores the hurt that flashes over Cas’s features. “You’re going to lecture me about this?
Finally, he steps forward. The water is cold where it comes just up to his ankles before pulling away again. Dean’s feet sink a little into the wet sand and he lets the ocean eddy around him. He speaks aloud.
“Hey, boys,” he says with a nod, joining them beside the Roadrunner..
“Not much.”
Eventually, they both settle, with Dean sprawled on top of Cas and their faces close. Blinking down at him, Dean rests his chin on his fist on Cas’s chest like Cas had done before, his other hand tracing Cas’s collarbone with a fingertip. The neon sign casts a glow through the window dimly, and they breathe together.
“Fish?” Cas tilts his head in confusion.
He avoids Cas’s eyes and heads for his side of the bed, exhaustion dragging him down. He crawls up to his pillow and collapses onto his belly, face turned towards the wall.
Dean’s heart flutters in his chest but he doesn’t speak, doesn’t dare shatter the fragile air between them. John drags a hand over his head, down the back of his neck.
“We need more groceries,” Sam says.
“A tail, yes.”
“Well, then, how’d you know it was a dog?”
Every time Jo draws a two from the deck and gets to pick the person who’s supposed to drink, she chooses Cas, and she thinks that’s hilarious. It’s when Dean finally starts to relax that he realizes he was tense ever since they got there. He finds himself smiling as Cas lifts his cup to his mouth with a roll of his eyes,
Jo shrugs.
Kissing back, Dean keeps his arms by his sides.
“Fine,” Dean says. His stomach twists and clenches, and he feels like all of his muscles are strung too tight.
“Good night, Dean.”
“It feels like it.”
“Give it some gas.”
“Dean!”
onto roof of the car from the few branches long enough to reach from the other side of the road. There’s an ache in Dean’s ass and his thighs are already sore, but it’s a pleasant feeling, knowing who it’s from.
“Good man. I’ll call you when I’m on my way.”
Dean’s knuckles ache, the scabs pulling where he’s clenching and unclenching his fists, a habit he distantly recognizes he’d adopted from Cas.
Throwing the blanket off of himself, Dean swings his legs over the side of the couch.
“I dunno what you’re talking about,” Dean says, taking a swig of his soda.
"They're socks," Dean says, snatching it from him. "You wear them on your feet."
Dean rolls his eyes. He’s been trying to avoid watching Cas eat that fucking popsicle. “You’re not dying.”
“Yeah?”
“He wants you say no to your father,” Cas says, and it isn’t a question.
,” Dean says with a laugh.
“I’m sorry.”
“None of it was fair to you - and I know that it’s fucked, and it’s too late, but I want you to know that there’s nothing I regret more in my whole life. I wish I could take it all back, I wish - I wish I could do it over, do it the right way, and not - not fuck it all up.”
She gestures at Cas, who glances at Dean.
“Can I come?” Sam asks, finally tearing his eyes away from the screen.
“Will you teach me how to drive?”
Dean leads Cas onto the back deck, which overlooks the water. It’s a little late for lunch, and there’s only one other table taken by patrons. Choosing his favorite table on the far side next to the railing, Dean sits and watches Castiel settle into the chair across from him, and how he gazes around with wide eyes, taking everything in.
It’s hard for Dean not to get distracted by Castiel to his right. He looks out the windows in wonder, blue eyes wide and astonished, hair rustling over his forehead in the wind. It’s gotten a bit longer since he’s been around.
Cas stares at him. “Alright. Thank you, I’m - ” he glances down at himself. “I’m sorry about the things I was wearing.”
Apparently satisfied, John gulps the last of his beer and tosses the bottle into the trash from his seat at the table.
Dean nods, understanding completely how nice that would feel. Dean clears his throat softly.
“I don’t know,” Dean chokes out, fists in his lap so he doesn’t claw at his ribs, focusing on the bite of his fingernails in his palms instead. “I don’t - I can’t - ”
The door to his dad’s bedroom is shut when he creeps softly past. The snoring from the other side is loud enough to confirm several hours spent at the Roadhouse, but Dean doesn’t dwell on it.
Cas nods, licking his lips as his chest heaves. “Okay. Okay.”
John grunts, and turns to go. “Oh,” he says, speaking over his shoulder. “And your trailer park friend’s here, lookin’ for you,” Dean doesn’t miss the slight disdain in his voice as he walks away.
“Are you sure?” Truly concerned, Cas stops short and sticks his tongue out, crossing his eyes to try and see it. He looks absolutely ridiculous, and it’s only made worse when the Twizzler falls from his mouth. “Oops.”
They both kick off their shoes and socks as they make it to the path that leads to the beach, and they carry them to walk barefoot through the sand. Dean isn’t sure exactly what time it is but he knows it’s late, and while they pass a couple walking hand in hand going the other direction, they don’t see anyone else.
“I’m Meg. You new around here?”
Dean cracks up.
When they’re right up against it, his breath hot and repulsive against the side of Dean’s neck, Alastair whispers in his ear.
Though he glances up at Dean, Cas can’t seem to hold his gaze for long.
“Can I sleep in here?” Cas whispers.
Dean feels the blood drain from his face as he recognizes them.
Dean turns to find Cas grinning, and he can’t help but crack a smile. “Yeah, Cas, it’s cool.”
Cas had put on the jeans that Dean was wearing the day before.
Cas smiles up at him, turns his head to plant a kiss on the inside of Dean’s wrist.
, Dean thinks.
Dean glances across at Cas, who has his tongue tucked into the corner of his mouth in concentration as he separates pieces. It’s endearing, and Dean gets caught looking at him for a moment.
“In the living room,” Dean replies, and it’s as soon as the words leave his mouth that he remembers the fort.
A fresh swell of grief climbs his throat as his memories from the morning flood in. He flexes his fingers, hands still tender and freshly scabbed over. He can still feel the slamming of the crowbar through his arms. As much as he tries not to, he wonders how bad the Roadrunner looks.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean says.
Beneath his dad’s dark scrutiny, Dean is stock still in the doorway. John stands to his full height, and with a booted heel he kicks the refrigerator door shut behind him. He regards Dean with a foreboding sort of calm, the only inclination of what’s in store being the paleness of his knuckles where he has a dangerously tight grip on the neck of a beer. Briefly, Dean thinks he sees his dad’s eyes flicker over the right side of his face, but if there’s any recognition of the bruise across Dean’s cheekbone, John’s expression doesn’t show it.
Dean downs the water and puts the cup in the sink.
“Uh, this is Castiel,” Dean says. “He lives across the street, just moved in.” His heart pounds a little. His dad’s never been super fond of any kids from ‘across the street,’ and Dean should’ve thought about that before he made up the story.
“You dumped
“Jesus - seriously?” Dean says in disbelief. “Are you, like, rich or something?”
“Yeah, me too.”
“Okay,” Cas says. Dean squeezes his hand once before Cas opens the door and gets out of the car.
“Dean.”
“I apologize for startling you,” the sea monster says, his tone low and sincere.
And then it was there.
Dean can’t tell if that’s truly a question or an order. “Yes, sir.”
“Dean, Dean, it’s okay,” Bobby’s saying, and though he’s right behind Dean’s ear his voice sounds far away and that’s when Dean realizes he’s sobbing.
“Get nervous,” Cas says.
“Yes, I am.”
To his left, Dean sees a figure step out into the hallway, tense and bristling. Shaking his head ever so slightly, Dean lifts a hand out towards Cas to stop him from coming closer.
Cas presses his mouth to the top of Dean’s head. “Hmm…?”
“Of course you are. I’ll get dinner started.”
“What - ” Abruptly, Dean understands. He nods. “Okay. We can do that. Um - ” He wracks his brain. The pool still isn’t refilled. “Room one has a bathtub, a big one. We’ll go there, okay?”
“Stir fry. I think you’ll like it.” Tearing the bag open, Dean pours the contents into the prepared pan, dumping it all in. Might as well have leftovers.
He’d chosen the color meticulously. He reaches for the crowbar on the far side of the bench and carefully, he pries one of the cans open.
“I’m going to - ”
“Don’t go gettin’ pissed now, alright?”
Slowly, reluctantly, Dean tugs his finger out of Sammy’s tiny grip and pulls the blanket down off of them. He wraps his arms around himself and squeezes, trying to keep his belly from crawling around.
“She likes to sit by the cash register, I’ll show you,” Cas says as they shuffle through the door, the Impala left idling by the curb. They both wave at Frank, who’s organizing a shelf near the back of the store.
“I know you will,” John says, and he reaches over and claps Dean on the shoulder. His eyes flit over Dean’s face and again, Dean gets the feeling that John isn’t quite finished, that there’s more that he wants to say. Ultimately, John just nods.
“Nothing, it’s just - ” He clears his throat. “Well, my dad called, when me and Sammy were checking into the motel. Uh, apparently Rufus is sick, so he put me on the night shift for tomorrow night.”
Dean scans the water frantically with his eyes, but sees nothing. No dark-haired merman. No Castiel. Just cloudy ocean water, scattered with detritus.
“Nothing. It was nothing, I - I do that, sometimes.” Dean avoids Cas’s gaze, embarrassed now. He should’ve waited longer outside before coming in, he should’ve known he wasn’t feeling right yet before letting Cas see him like that.
Bobby grunts humorously. “That doesn’t surprise me in the slightest.”
“Finish it, Cas,” he says, his head spinning a little.
Though he had planned to cross the street and head back north before getting all the way down, Dean finds himself turning left onto Somerset when he reaches the end of Ocean City. His feet take him onto the boardwalk, where gulls are hunting for French fries and the sounds of Jolly Rogers are carried around in the breeze. When he gets to the pier, stretching out over the ocean and away from the gradually sinking sun, he slows to a walk.
“Yes. She’s the only one younger than me, actually. We’re not close in age, but my next older sibling is one hundred and eight, so I’m much closer to her than the rest.”
“Hi,” Sam says, setting down his pencil.
Cereal momentarily forgotten, they watch as their dad appears in the doorway, where he stops when he catches sight of them at the table. He’s changed his clothes since last night, and looks like he’s showered.
“What - ” He stands, open-mouthed, and stares at the sight before him.
“Maybe he’s planning on sticking around.”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, reaching for his own leaking dick.
Dean can’t help but smile. “Yeah, Cas, you can leave Shelley here.”
. And if it happens again it’s comin’ outa your hide, you hear me? You’re too old for this shit - ”
He quickens his pace, chasing the sensation.
“How’s Bones?”
Dean watches as Cas reaches a hand into the water as the stingray passes by Sam and comes his way.
Weaving across the boardwalk, they get into the line for the pizza place. Dean’s eyes are on the menu above the window, scanning the prices, when Jo nudges him with her elbow for his attention.
“A merman.”
“Uh,” Dean says, still trapped in the front seat with John blocking the doorway. “Anyway…”
“I can’t feel my tongue,” he announces.
They wander further into the building, following the crowds to where people are overlooking a glass barrier. Curious, the three of them step up to see what everyone’s staring at.
Hands held up in the space in front of him like he can somehow physically stop this entire thing from happening, Dean casts his eyes between Sam and Cas. Sam, mouth hanging open and eyes as wide as saucers, and Cas, apparently calm as can be, simply waiting for whatever is going to happen next.
Cas’s skin is hot where Dean has his hands up the back of his shirt. He rucks his t-shirt up around his ribs, skimming his fingers over the muscles of his back and squeezing.
“Um,” Cas says. “They don’t really approve of being on land.” Dean catches him glancing at him.
“Well, Salisbury starts the following Monday, but I leave next Friday for orientation,” she explains. “I figured College Park was probably on the same schedule.”
Sam makes a face like Dean’s an idiot, and gestures towards Cas with a look that says, “
Cas is glancing between the two of them, looking curious. Dean’s phone vibrates again.
“Where’s your brother?” John asks, his gaze diverted back down to the mail.
“Uh, just about to eat dinner. You hungry?”
Dean leans in to kiss him, and both their mouths are wide and desperate for one another and he can feel Cas tensing below him, getting close. Cas doesn’t make a sound but he’s canting his hips up into Dean’s hand in erratic thrusts. When Dean can’t even concentrate on kissing him anymore, he drops his face into Cas’s neck, where he just gasps, mouth open against his collarbone.
“Adam,” Dean says.
“Woah,” Dean murmurs. “What the hell is that? A manta ray?”
They’re in a grassy backyard and there’s a pebbled path that Dean knows well, but it leads back into some trees to a shabby building that doesn’t belong. Dean hesitates, disconcerted, but only for a moment.
“My dad taught me when I was ten or so,” Dean flicks on his blinker and pulls into the parking lot. “But I couldn’t get my license ‘til I was sixteen.”
“Hey, kid,” Rufus calls across from the other side.
“Beanie, my life jacket won’t zip.”
“No, it’s alright, I can - ” Dean starts, but Sam cuts him off.
The sliding door slams open with a crash behind them. The pane shatters as it smashes against the jamb, and Dean doesn’t whip his head around in time to see what’s happening when a heavy force pummels him from behind and he goes sprawling.
, Dean thinks.
“Good,” Bobby says gruffly. “Now eat your chili, ‘fore it gets cold.”
“You wanna help me out here?” Dean gives him a pointed look. Sam huffs a little but he steps up and starts separating darks from lights. Their elbows bump.
“Bill Murray is a
Pulling away from the kiss, Dean tugs his boxers down, Cas’s dick springing free as he does. He tosses them aside and curves back over to kiss him again.
He smiles against Cas’s mouth, and feels Cas grinning in return.
“Sure,” Cas says, holding his beer to his chest to avoid anyone bumping it. “Are you planning on contributing to the team?”
But as Dean watches, his eyes trained on Cas’s mouth, he gasps.
Sam sets the bucket down between them, and Cas and Dean both sit up to take a look. Dean feels sand trickle from his hair and down the back of his neck.
The two of them crowd around the table, nudging past people to get there, but when Dean asks who has the next game, one of the guys playing shakes his head at him.
He swallows and rubs his eyes, his heart rate slowing.
“Huh?”
“Me and you, we had an agreement,” John says lowly, pointing at the floor between them for emphasis. “I’ve been counting on having you around here to depend on - ”
There’s something lodged in Dean’s throat that he can’t quite swallow past.
Dean breathes.
It’s just about five o’clock, and Dean is spinning in the office chair, kicking off the desk on every other pass or so to keep it going. He only has about half an hour before Ellen’s scheduled to come in, and it can’t pass fast enough.
John pauses. “He knows?”
Still a little bit high, Dean has the vague sense of floating. Just before dropping off into sleep, he wonders if Cas can feel it, too.
, Cas, and - and you
Rubbing his eyes, Dean stretches until his back pops. He squints hard at the time glowing from the DVD player - 1:27am. Damn, he’s been sleeping over four hours.
“They’re beautiful.”
“Dean - are you alright - ” Cas’s voice, close and loud. Dean tries to nod but guesses he doesn’t quite manage it because Cas asks him again as he’s pushing himself up to a sitting position.
“People like to hear things out loud, Dean,” Sam says, and he sounds like he’s talking to an imbecile. When it comes to this, he probably thinks he is. “He might know it, but you should still say it. I’m sure he wants you to say it.”
When it’s just the two of them, Cas takes his hand again.
“Cas,” Dean breathes as Cas kisses along the tendon of his neck, sucking as he gets to the base. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if it leaves a mark, and the thought has his skin feeling hot. Cas makes a noise of acknowledgement in his throat but doesn’t stop, and Dean tugs at his shirt. “Take this off.”
“Joanna Beth,” Dean says as he shuffles through the swinging half-door behind the front desk.
As much as he doesn’t want to, Dean climbs off of Cas to sit beside him, letting a hand trail over his chest as he pulls away. He sighs.
“How do you think you ended up on shore, kid?” Gabriel asks, and Dean unconsciously leans away an inch. “You were tiny, you think you swam? You think it was the tide, that you just magically - ”
Their feet had tangled over one another’s in the night, despite them falling asleep with Dean against the wall and Cas keeping a respectable, wary distance. They lie facing each other with one of Dean’s ankles crossed between Cas’s, and Dean doesn’t move quite yet. His eyes flit over Cas’s face - the soft set to his mouth, his dusky eyelashes fanned across his cheeks - and Dean tries to ignore how much he aches. Under the blankets, he drags the heel of his palm over his ribs.
Dean looks to Cas, who squints out over the water. He nudges him with his elbow.
“Dude,” Dean rubs a weary hand over his face. “I need a friggin’ nap.”
“Beautiful,” Cas says soberly, and Dean rolls his eyes to hide his embarrassment.
Dean throws the blanket over the ground as Ellen opens her book in her chair, and he makes sure Cas’s side of it falls under the shade of the umbrella. They settle on it, Cas on his side of the blanket and Dean on the other, on his belly. He tucks his face into his arms.
, dude, and he’s fucking crazy, so I tried to grab Cas’s arm before he got
I might find the words eventually, but for now - this is the conclusion to a story that's been with me for over two years now, and I'm gonna let it speak for itself. I'd be thrilled to hear what you think of it.
“Alright, Sam, that’s enough,” Dean finally cuts him off. “You’re giving
,” according to Sam, and the beach was apparently waiting for them. He’d never complain about getting out of bed, though, if it always meant it was to come and do this.
“No, not before today,” Cas says, shaking his head.
Their tongues swipe together, just briefly, before Dean pulls away. He opens his eyes slow, Cas already looking at him with a smile tugging his lips, resting lazily against the side panel of the Roadrunner.
Sam grimaces. “I’ll go brush my teeth.”
Just then Sam comes clattering out of the shed, wrestling an inflated pool floaty with him. He knocks the broom off the wall on his way, wincing as it smacks to the ground.
“You don’t know who the Hulk is?” Ash asks, he and Andy working on eating their weed brownies.
“What the hell was that about?” Sam hisses as they get out of Missouri’s earshot.
Dean flops down and grabs his sandwich with his free hand, replying with the other.
It’s tiny, just enough room for a dresser, nightstand, and bed, which is just a mattress on the floor, but Dean keeps everything in its place to avoid it getting crowded.
Sneakers pounding a rhythm on the cement beneath him, Dean runs at a steady pace. He listens to the rush of his heartbeat in his ears and to the quick, even pattern of his breathing. A nice day had turned into a beautiful evening, the colors of the sky soft above him and the temperature turning gentle. Dean breathes, and he lets himself think.
He’s been walking the shoreline for a while. He walks slow, hands in the pockets of his shorts and his flannel shirt unbuttoned. The Impala is packed and ready, a duffel and a backpack on the front bench and a pile of blankets in the back, along with a few cardboard boxes. It’s not a lot of stuff, and it didn’t take long to get together. He’s supposed to stop at Frank’s on his way out of Ocean City, and in theory, he’s all ready to go.
“Let me,” Castiel breaks the kiss to say, and he pushes Dean’s hand away and wraps his own fingers around his dick again, and Dean lets him.
Dean only hears general curses and threats from Alastair as Jo and Cas drag him off the ground and they all make for the gate, leaving Alastair and Azazel behind.
“Cas-ti-el,” she says slowly. “Interesting name.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods, and shuts the car back off.
Eyebrows pulling down, Dean opens his mouth to argue but John speaks over him before he has the chance.
Not trusting himself to speak, Dean can only nod.
Bobby calls when Dean’s on the bus on the way down to the inlet. Foolishly, Dean doesn’t realize what it must be about before he answers.
“Cat hasn’t been spoiled like that since he quit. I really thought he’d take her with him when he left.”
“So,” Dean clears his throat. “Is that true, what you said? You’ve lived around here that long?”
“You sleep okay?” Dean tries his best to ignore the uneasiness he still feels itching at the back of his brain.
Cas’s mouth is on his collarbone, wide and wet, where the collar of his t-shirt has slid. Dean tightens his fingers around his cock as Cas hits that spot again, and he tries to keep his hips from bucking desperately but he can’t.
“Yes.”
“My apologies,” Castiel says, but he doesn’t sound very sorry and he doesn’t stop staring. “I’ve never been this close to a human before.”
“Uh, that’s alright,” Dean says, shrugging. “I’m okay up here.”
Sam unfolds the colorful pamphlet and tries in vain to smooth out the creases before he gives up and turns it so everyone can see. Dean squints at the front of it.
“Oh,” Castiel says. “I’m very sorry.”
Beside him, John blows his breath out slow.
“What about me?”
“What the fuck - ”
Without thinking, Dean does as he’s told, and he leans further over the edge as Cas sinks into the water. Before he can register what’s happening, Dean’s face touches the surface. He holds his breath, and he feels Cas’s lips against his, and there’s pool water between their mouths, and holy fuck his face is underwater.
Something catches Cas’s eye over Dean’s shoulder, and Dean turns to see a brightly lit game that flashes and shimmers. They walk over to it, Cas staring up at it in stoned wonder.
“Okay.”
“What about Iowa?” Dean asks, and Bobby falls quiet. “Was he with them then?”
“Well,” Meg leans toward him. “If you need someone to play tour guide, I bet I could show you a good time,” she says lecherously.
Sam is absolutely gaping at him, his mouth hanging open. Composing himself quickly, Dean clears his throat.
