Cas drops the last garbage bag on the ground and turns to Dean, ready for a fight. His knuckles are clenched, but all that comes out of him is the harshest lie he can think up, “Of course not. High school didn’t mean anything.”
Dean felt the bed depress next to him and some hands hooked on his singlet. Dean tried to get out from under the hold of Drex, having some inexplicably feral adversity to being touched, “I got it, I got it! Geez...”
Eventually everyone was ready and chatting excitedly amongst themselves. Castiel led the warm ups and the team followed. Everyone knew what was going on and was excited to get to the matches.
Another month and a half has passed since Dean showed up again, marking tonight as the third time Dean’s come to Cas’s place. Last time, they had also spent all night wrapped up in each other. And that time Cas had shown Dean the shower himself.
Cas shakes his head, “Haven’t turned on the radio yet.”
“Some.”
Anna sniffled. Castiel looked more closely at her face to see her crying. She shook her head angrily, tears spilled out as her voice shook, “No!”
Cas yanks the vibrator out of him unceremoniously and collapses on his bed. That was awful, and he feels empty. He hates himself for doing this… He’s spent and lonely.
“Save it. Look, you broke our contract under the table. And you’re too much of a liability to loan a rig to, even if I did trust you enough to consider that a possibility. There’s no other bones I can throw you, Dean. Our business here is done,” Ketch sighs and flicks off the ember of his cigarette into a puddle. Dean watches the hot red fizzle away pitifully as he hears Ketch say, “At least this way you can file for unemployment. Take care.”
Dean hasn’t heard Cas be this genuine in a long time. He calmly closes his eyes once more, hoping god can just strike him down now so he can die a happy man. He inhales deeply and lets the darkness behind his eyelids guide his words: “Jack is a good kid. I like being here with you guys.”
Cas groans, “And whose fault is that?”
Castiel walked ahead quickly and Dean kept to the back.
Dean’s smile grew toothy and he joked, “Cool! Peer pressure does work!”
“Oh, and mine wasn’t?” Dean acts offended as they continue down the aisle.
“Cheers!” Dean and Ash said in unison. Castiel nodded awkwardly and followed as the other three tapped their shots on the table before lifting them to their lips and drinking. Castiel watched Dean for a moment before he began gulping his own down.
Ugh, he’s so lewd, Cas thinks irritably. But he’s also smiling. He replies instantaneously: “
Cas holds his breath, wondering if Dean will put up a fight. But he merely sighs, bringing Cas in closer as he complies sadly, “Fine.”
Dean’s hands fly to Cas’s button up shirt, deftly slipping the buttons through their holes. Their eyes meet and Dean's voice drips with desire, “God, I missed you, Cas. I want you so bad.”
Dean does have a new face to Cas, afterall. The image has Cas pondering what aging truly means. The Dean from tonight has only a shadow of what he had been as a teenager. So much so that Cas hadn’t recognized him at the diner at first. But Dean had seemed to recognize him right away… Cas washed off the rest of the soap and turned off the shower.
“What? No,” Dean shakes his head, “I just got to see him, is all.”
But he was quickly disturbed by the door opening, two pairs of feet, and the door closing.
Castiel's exposed eye slipped over to Dean. He saw the other boy had leaned back on his elbow, looking off in the distance, wearing a twisted expression. He took a deep breath and continued, “You’re way stronger than them, I’ve seen it! Why not fight back?”
“Oh, you’re worried now?”
“It’s simple,” Jo explained, pouring vodka to the brim of each glass, “Two people go toe to toe taking shots. Whoever goes first takes as many shots as they can. No breaks, no pausing, and it only counts if you drink
Coach Singer blew his whistle, “No worries, shake it off. Luther, you’re up.”
Through the lens, he spies a shorter, middle-aged Asian woman in a jumpsuit uniform. Definitely not Luci, Dean deducts. He lets the locksmith in and lets her do her job as he goes to check his recharged phone.
Dean was getting worked up too, finding Castiel’s hand and gripping it as he stared at the boy’s closed off face, “Then why? Why can’t we be together?”
Dean’s heart stabbed more than his back now. He had a deep urge to look at Castiel, really
“Hey,” Dean said seriously. Castiel looked up and Dean caught his eye, “What’s really up?”
Dean grabbed a hold of Castiel’s wrists with either hand and pinned them above Castiel’s head. His eyes snapped open and he was shocked before Dean’s bare torso was pressing against his own. Castiel couldn’t protest because Dean was kissing him again, and Castiel’s eyes melted close as his tongue started moving against Dean’s again.
A crooked smile plays on those voluptuous lips, “Did I scare you?”
Cas pulls it away, “Hey, c’mon, it’s already late. You still have school tomorrow, and I have to get back to the diner.”
“Right? Thank you, Rufus!” Meg exclaims, turning to Cas with finality, “Although, I would just text him. Y’know, try to play it cool?”
He was the last to set his small glass on the table, and when he did Jo immediately refilled it. Castiel looked around and saw that he was the only one with a refill.
“What kind of engine?”
Dean exhales harshly like a bull being provoked with red. He pulls out to the tip and then pushes in until he’s up to the hilt. Cas loses his breath and holds on tight to Dean as he shouts out loud in the surprise stretching.
Pale rays of sunlight cascaded through the rolling morning dew and through treetops onto the bustling school parking lot. The team was chattering and bouncy even though it was early as hell and somehow colder than the night before. Though they were bundled around the bus’s back exhaust, the group was altogether excitable; an exemplary display of youth rallying under the banner of sportsmanship.
Cas rolls his eyes, “No. It’s just that, I haven’t heard from him in over a month.”
All fresh and clean, Dean returns downstairs to find Bobby reading and sipping some more whiskey. Dean smiles at the scene, helping himself to another drink as well. Bobby looks over to him and smirks, “Feel better?”
He pushes tenderly against Cas’s body so they're out of the direct spray of the showerhead, but Cas is pushing back on him so that Dean’s back is against the side shower wall opposite the curtain. Cas doesn’t hesitate this time as he pushes his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean hums around the muscle, stroking his tongue along the length of Cas’s. Cas sucks in Dean’s tongue, pulling him into Cas.
Jack looks to the side bashfully, “I actually had some cereal up here.”
“Dean, don’t,” Castiel came to his side, hand gripping his shoulder, “I’ll clean things up.”
Castiel grabbed his gym bag and got up. He walked around to the other side of the bench, as Ash approached Dean, saying, “Don’t waste your breath on this guy.”
He backed up.
As he takes the exit, he bites his lip as he realizes his dick is stretching his jeans like some teenager. He rolls his eyes as he pulls into a Pilot’s with a fair sized truck stop, the kind with some fast food joint attached to it. Not Dean’s favorite, but beggars can’t be choosers.
“Stop that,” Castiel demanded.
Dean grinned, liking how Castiel looked when he was riled up. He was still concerned though, stepping a bit closer to keep his voice low, “Ha, alright. So everything’s cool?”
Dean balchs. He chuckles, but receives only a serious expression from Cas. He shakes his head, “You’re joking.”
He hears Sam give a short sigh and respond, “
Dean zipped his bag up with finality. He finished packing and decided to leave all those memories behind in this room so as to completely focus on the tournament. He slung the bag over his shoulder and walked to the door triumphantly, opening it. However, just as Dean turned to go, a stray beam of sunlight from a crack in the shutters glinted against the ring of keys Dean had hooked around the small, battered and defaced knob of his bed’s foot post. Dean inhaled deeply, looked at the hallway ahead of him, his hand on the doorknob, and turned back to grab the keys.
Ash’s voice was clearer and had turned serious, which Drex also laughed at, “No, but definitely down for the count.”
“Jack,” Cas says as calmly as possible through gritted teeth, “Go get ready.”
“Come on,” Dean moved forward and threw a loose, bear claw at Castiel’s jaw.
Castiel was looking at the grass; he wouldn’t answer. He didn’t care what Asmod would do to him. He didn’t care…
Cas shakes his head and stares at the amber liquid of his remaining drink, “Nothing… It’s a stupid problem. I just need to get over myself, that’s all.”
Castiel listened intently to the sound of his brother’s stumbling feet drag against the pavement.
“That depends,” Met grins, “Will you ever move out?”
Castiel wasn’t able to take all of Dean, working the top half with his mouth the most as his hand stroked the base while catching the spit from Castiel’s mouth. There were some teeth and awkwardness as Castiel learned how to work his tongue around Dean’s cock, but Dean couldn’t care less.
Castiel was silent. His next words were like air as he couldn’t help asking, “Do you miss your brother?”
Cas bites his lip, “He should be back by now.”
He managed to roll his eyes as he leaned against the locker too, responding with as much sarcasm as he could, “Oh, yeah. All the time.”
“I don’t know if that’s what you say to a dude, but,” Dean’s hands were feeling Castiel’s chest along the lines of his muscles, “That’s what I think.”
“Ah, I love when you touch me,” Castiel gasps at his own words, not even having thought about them before they’re spilling out of his mouth.
here for food, so,” Cas replies with a sharp shrug as punctuation.
Cas huffs in relief - at last, something! Cas pivots on his heels, writing on his pad as he says shortly, “Great.”
“Don’t worry,” Jack says, coming in to hug him. Cas hugs him in return, patting him on the back.
Cas gasps as he thrusts his dick against Dean’s slippery hand and girthy dick. They’re both uncut, and so soft yet hard against one another.
Dean needed to tell him about seeing Jo, about Castiel “not feeling well,” and most importantly to give him the keys back. But when his eyes fell upon the wild tufts of dark short locks, Castiel’s back was to him, looking up and talking to Coach Singer. Dean could see Coach’s face, and he did not look happy.
A glimmer that was quickly stomped out as he was changing into his workout singlet in his corner locker away from the other teammates, and then the locker room door opened again. Castiel was stepping into his sweats as he heard a locker door open a few down from his own.
“You know, this whole denial look is getting annoying. Just,” Bobby smiles, “Drive safe and call when you can, ya idjit.”
,” Dean continues with conviction, “See? We both have our reasons.”
Coach Singer taught Dean how to reswitch properly, and also how to crowd. Castiel helped by demonstrating and then stopping at Coach Singer’s instructions. Then, Coach told Castiel to top and Dean to get on the bottom. As they got into position, Coach explained to Dean that this was how the next match between the two of them would go if in a tournament. The winner of this one would either inform the winner of the round or for one more match.
Hannah and Bart smile at each other, both not kids but still appreciating the wane of their cleaning responsibilities.
“I should think so,” Cas fumes, “Since it’s taken you long enough.”
Glinting against the spotlight of the warm sun rays is a mixtape. Cas’s shaking hand extends and gingerly lifts the mixtape from its place. Written on the front label in black marker is: “Dean s top 13 Zepp TRAXX”
Castiel heard some paper ripping and he looked over as Dean scooted closer to him. Castiel’s muscles froze as Dean reached forward. But Dean reached him, and Castile felt something cold and moist against his forehead. Dean wasn’t too close, focusing on Castiel’s forehead as he tried wiping at the blood.
Ash groaned and turned around to Dean as he closed the door, “Dean! You ready to kick some Topeca Trojan toosh or what?!”
Castiel’s hands touched Dean’s hands as he considered the question. Castiel couldn’t imagine going home after all this, not knowing if he’d ever have this kind of time again. His hands traveled up Dean’s arms. Castiel liked Dean’s skin.
Castiel caught Dean’s eyes, and Dean noticed that they were darker than he’d ever seen. Castiel was still biting his lip, hands tucked behind his back shyly, whispering back, “Yes.”
Jo laughed, moving the line of shot glasses over and refilling them, “Sorry, Castiel. Another rule is that there’s no going easy. Get ready to chug.”
Now that they were closer, and his eyes had adjusted to the light, Castiel could make out the details of Dean’s face. Dean’s eyes were black, still washed in darkness, but Castiel could manage to count all of Dean’s freckles if he was allowed the time.
“Dude, don’t blow my eardrum off,” Dean says to the receiver of his cell as he walks out of the bus stop.
A growl ripped out of Asmod, stumbling back and wiping the spit from his face with a slur. He looked down at the saliva on his hand, then backed up at Castiel. His eyes were black with hate; he took out a switchblade knife from his pocket, pulling out the blade as he began to bellow, “You little-!”
They stood in silence, both a little dazed by the lost time.
“What? No,” Dean said quickly, “I had so much fun tonight, are you kidding me?”
The rain yields, and the diner’s inhabitants trickle out. Cas is helping in the kitchen - definitely not hiding out - when Jack bursts in wildly.
“What?”
Castiel’s mouth opened thickly as he was able to mutter, “D-did it feel good?”
His mind easily slips into consideration of calling Dean again. Cas knows it will probably make him spiral from his rare good mood, but then again, he was always good at torturing himself.
Cas attempts to adjust his shock into a placid countenance as he casually moves to the trash, ignoring the tremor in his hands as he asks with impatience, “What are you doing here, Dean?”
“Dinner was good,” Dean suddenly said.
Castiel’s air stuck in his lungs upon hearing his name. He couldn’t protest the coach, not in front of everybody. Castiel slowly got to his feet and walked up to the mat, staring down at the ground as he stood next to Dean.
Dean is closing the door behind Cas’s back and crowding him against it. Cas loses his breath, swept away because he had been trying not to look at Dean. But now Dean is right in front of his face, arms on either side of him.
The silence stretches on for so long that Dean nearly finishes his drink, finally asking, “What?”
Castiel shook his head, “Not like that. Of- Of what people will do. Everything would change. Everything would get worse again, like how it was before you got here… I don’t want to go back to that.”
A teardrop fell on the sheets between their bodies. Dean rolled over completely, facing a tearful Castiel as his hands slid from Dean’s back to limply between them.
Cas kisses Dean and they fall into each other as the night passes by.
Dean sat up again and yanked down Castiel’s singlet to his elbows, exposing the top of his chest.
Cas scrolls through the photos as he breathes, “Oh no.”
That was his seventh time Dean had made a detour to Bootbock and seen Cas (not like he’d admit to anyone that he was counting). And although the sex had been great - as usual - and Cas had been amiable - unusual - something still gnaws at him… Dean wonders if Cas is seeing someone else.
He remembers how high school was such a drama. But Dean and him got through it together… Until there was no more Dean. And then what was Cas to do? He wishes that his teenage years hadn’t been so tumultuous, wishes that Dean hadn’t left, wishes that he hadn’t come back now and hopes that he will never see him again, as Cas had been assuming for over a decade now.
Dean let the empty can down and crushed it in his hand, exclaiming breathlessly, “Goddamn!”
The boys cackled. Asmod hooted, “Nothing but net!”
“Well,
“Coffee’s on the house,” Cas says shortly, fake smile back on his face, “
Cas sighs with his whole heart and pours some more of the amber liquid anyway. He drinks down half of what he’d just poured and looks off into the distance, “Yeah, it’s complicated.”
Cas continues, “What happened?”
Dean gives a charming smile and turns to Donna, “Those look good.”
Castiel exhaled nervously, taking the chicken out to make sure it was done.
Cas didn’t realize he was gripping the railing. His knuckles had turned white and red.
Maybe Dean is overstepping himself, but Cas seems to not think so as he reactively empathizes, “Yes, I know, exactly! I just had the most aggravating conversation with his principal this morning about just that. But she’s reluctant to the idea of him being pulled out during the last semester of his senior year. Completely unsympathetic.”
“Still sorting through your library?” Dean asks in the form of small talk, thumbing the mountain of books atop a dingy desk in the adjacent room, a makeshift library alcove.
The back door exit was right next to their room, in the back end of the hotel’s first floor hallway, so it was easy for Dean to maneuver outside without being noticed. He slowed the exit door by the handle so it didn’t slam closed behind him before turning to the cold December night.
“Say it or admit that you were lying,” Dean continues evenly, his thrusts getting slightly faster. Cas closes his eyes, able to center himself a little as he begins, “You--”
How last year Naomi had informed the faculty and principal about Castiel’s “condition,” meaning that he was outed to everyone in town. Ash had said that parents of the kids from the football team Castiel was on at the time called to complain, resulting in Castiel being kicked from the team. He’d joined wrestling at Naomi’s recommendation to Coach Singer, but that had gone down just as well as anyone would expect.
Midnight arrives. Cas stiffens and grips his glass with its amber liquid (he had shifted to rum on the rocks about twenty minutes ago). Nothing.
“Look,” the man interrupts once more. Cas can feel his own impatience bubble over as the man finally looks up at Cas to sneer, “I said-”
Dean raised his brow and whistled, “Damn! That’s a lot.”
Silence falls over them again and Cas counts Dean’s breaths. They even out, and Cas gives Dean’s arm a shake, “Hey. I’m serious, you need to get going soon.”
“So you are,” Dean said after a beat. Castiel looked up and caught Dean’s intense glare, “So tell me what it is.”
“I, um,” were all the words Castiel formed. Dean’s hand stroked Castiel’s ass to cup it, enjoying the look it brought to Castiel’s face just as much as he liked the feeling of the taut muscles. Castiel gave Dean one more short kiss, and then he began kneeling.
Dean looks to Cas for confirmation. He sighs and throws out his hand in acceptance, turning to look out the window. Dean grins at Jack before putting the Impala back into drive, “Point the way.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, standing up suddenly. Dean watched him as Castiel stood next to the bedside. The other boy tapped on Dean’s side, “Roll over.”
Cas shifts gears quickly and replies: “
Jack shakes his head, “Not really.”
“Oh,” comes out of Dean’s mouth, but Cas is already in too deep. He narrows his eyes and asks genuinely, “Do you not want to?”
Castiel sat up and looked down at Dean, worried, “Everything okay?”
Castiel sucked on Dean’s tongue, making Dean’s hands act of their own accord as they snuck from Castiel's waist down to his ass. Castiel rolled his hips, and Dean felt the tight, round muscles contract. He gripped him tight; Castiel had a great ass.
“Thanks,” Dean says, breaking the stifling silence. He lifts his glass to Cas, “Cheers.”
“Novak?” Dean asked.
Dean?! Oh, gee, yeah, I’d sure say you’re a ‘friend!’ Hahaha!”
Dean has moved parallel to him on the other wall, but he starts to slowly cross the distance now, saying, “Oh, okay, then what’s up with the cold shoulder?”
“Bye, Lily! Don’t die, ha!” Castiel heard Lucifer call loudly. Keys jingling, the truck revving and pulling out, and a house’s front door opening and slamming shut. Castiel cursed Luci if he woke Samandriel up. The lights of the truck passed them, and then Castiel and Dean were thrown back into darkness.
“Oh hey!” Raul called out, “We were just talking about Cas as captain!”
Dean had been great tonight. Caring, excited, engaged… And he’d kissed Castiel. Dean had said it hadn’t meant anything, and Castiel wanted to believe the same. But regardless, that had been Castiel’s first kiss. Although he would have liked it to last longer, be more mutual, or not be under pressure of the circumstances, Castiel actually didn’t feel that bad about it.
By being like this - saying and doing those sorts of things - Dean was asking Castiel to trust him, and his brain melted before it could process that. Instead, his body came to life.
He feels more than hears his tires blow out. Dean pulls his emergency brakes. But then a crash louder than any thunder comes from inside the truck and thick, grey smoke billows in and around his cab. His brakes have gone. He can’t see too much through the smoke, rain and adrenaline but he knows he’s plummeting downhill toward a steep curve.
Benny whistles, “Oof, I do not envy you.”
He reached around to peek his head out just as he heard the truck door open and close. Castiel snapped his head forward. He pressed his back hard against the tree, wishing he could melt into it. He looked up to see Dean still at least a foot away from him. Castiel tugged at Dean’s shirt again and brought him in closely.
“I, uh, I like-” Castiel tried to reply, but couldn’t seem to get the words out.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel replied, “
Anna sighed, “I’m sorry, Castiel… Argh! It just makes me so mad! They shouldn’t be able to get away with that!”
They put on some CoziTV after the movie for some background noise as they chat about
shots. Castiel gulped.
Castiel smiled and looked off to the river, much closer to them since they had rolled down the embankment. He replied softly, “You are too, Dean. I’m glad I met you.”
“Yeah?” Dean whimpers, spitting before Cas feels the trickle of cool saliva run around his hole and fingers. Dean catches it with his thumb, rubbing at Cas’s rim as he pulls his stuffed middle and ring finger apart, spreading Cas. He spits again, the drop hits his rim and slides down into him.
Castiel bit his lip, another tear escaping and rolling down his cheek.
Dean’s skin sparked as Castiel’s sneaky fingers lightly tugged at the top of Dean’s pajama bottoms. Dean was curious and horny as Castiel pulled his mouth away, still half opened as a string of saliva hung between their lips.
Finally, they approached Castiel’s house.
Claire shrugs, “Not really.”
Ash responded with a suspicious frown. Dean stumbled to the rescue, trying to derail Ash’s train of thought: “I just don’t want to listen to your snoring all night. No offense, my dudeist.”
“Oh, Jesus, Ash, can you not?” Jo chastised.
“There he is!” Meg calls as Cas saddles into the seat next to her. She slides him a shot and beer she’d ordered for him.
“Out here?” Dean’s mind went a million different places.
“Well, at least you know how to chug,” Ash commented disappointedly. Castiel figured he wanted something else to tease Dean about. But instead, he turned to Castiel with a grin, “Your turn.”
And then Dean moans with a tenderness that the circumstances don’t deserve, “Ah, Castiel...”
“Ha! You are some piece of work, Castiel Kline,” Meg drinks.
Cas exhales sharply, eyes closing. Okay, wrong answer, Dean. He swallows thickly and shoots his shot, “Does this have to do with your brother?”
Dean picked up the knife from the ground. Asmod watched with horror as Dean walked over to a larger rock on the ground. He steadied the handle on the edge with his hand, and then stomped on the edge of the blade, breaking it in two.
Dean tossed the shirt to the side. He smirked when he looked back down at Castiel, “Man, if I could take a picture of your face right now.”
Dean’s heart races as Cas’s emotional eyes find him. Dean wants to know so bad, about everything that’s going on with Cas. He wonders how long he can push those boundaries until Cas just tells him to get lost.
“Well, it’s just...” Cas sighs heavily, “I think I got dumped.”
Then, Dean’s hand paused, “Wait, Naomi…”
Ash had been chanting and cheerleading excitedly on the ride over, but Dean hadn’t felt like meeting his energy. Ash quickly diverted to their other boisterous friends, hyping them up even further. Dean kept to himself but he couldn’t help occasionally looking around as he crossed the small thicket of students to the bag area along the bus’s side. He knew who he was looking for: Castiel.
His mind felt fuzzy as he spontaneously reached out for Castiel. Guiding him up, he didn’t bother lifting his eyelids as he pressed Castiel’s mouth against his. Castiel tasted odd and musky, and Dean wondered if that’s how his cock and cum tasted. They kissed, licking into each other’s mouths. Castiel’s hips stuttered against Dean, and he could feel that the other boy was still hard.
Cas looks at Dean, inches away. Well, they are in the shower... And the glint in Cas’s eye has Dean hypnotized enough to excuse all the warnings away.
She laughs uncontrollably, “Oh my god, you poor, fucking idiot! Didn’t you even think about Met being your neighbor in those shit-tastic, paperthin apartments?”
Bobby sighs, looking at his glass in his hand, “Anyway...I was able to have some of the boys take a better look at the Peterbilt,” Bobby pauses, pouring him and Dean another couple fingers of whiskey, “Dean, I’m going to give it to you straight: she’s a goddamn mess. I could even tell you that just by lookin’ at ‘er.”
As he did, he nearly ran right into a tree that Castiel was leaning on the other side of. Dean stopped in his tracks; he could only see a part of the back of Cas’s dark locks and a red-tipped ear, the image under these circumstances was enough to give him a heart attack.
Dean groaned, “Yeah. In the hall after lunch.”
,” Donna replies giddily.
As the sun finally lowers over the horizon, Dean gets out of the back of the pick up truck and onto Singer Salvage Yard. He makes his way through the large graveyard of junked autos and up to the front doorstep of the house mounted on the top of the yard.
He finds Claire as she rounds the counter with a pile of dishes on a tray. He stops her briefly after putting in a rush order to Hannah, saying, “Hannah’s bringing out some to-go dishes, could you bring them to Jody and Donna in their car with some coffee?”
“Lemme carry that,” Dean said as Castiel could feel the backpack already being lifted from his hand. Castiel glanced over to see Dean shrug it onto his other shoulder that wasn’t carrying his own pack. Castiel stole that moment to examine Dean. He was looking ahead, his body in front of the canopy and sun. The rays of light through the leaves highlighted the taller boy’s silhouette. Castiel found himself blushing, looking forward once more.
He gets the last beer and mindlessly watches the rest of the episode about a teenager who murdered his parents.
“Okay,” Cas says with a pat on Jack’s shoulder before he gets back to work. Cas can’t help his brow raise suspiciously as he puts down the coffee decanter and comes back around. Asking for wifi was a sign that the man was settling in… Great.
“You knew Cas when he was my age?”
Dean bit his lip and looked away, “You’ve been quiet all night. I can tell you’re mad at me.”
Dean responds quickly: “
Dean tried to mask his enjoyment at seeing Castiel squirm under the comradery of being swept away. He had been so happy to see how Castiel had gained respect over the past couple months; it was rewarding that people were finally seeing what he did in Castiel.
“Wrong,” the teacher replied coldly, “Just like your homework.”
Hannah asks as if she can tell he’s lying, “A spider?”
“You also know I want to hear you say it,” Dean softly kisses Cas’s cheek.
“But why? It’s dull and ugly here,” Cas asks honestly.
Dean is exacerbated, “So. That’s classic Cas-speak for ‘you have something you need to get off your chest.’”
Cas doesn’t reply.
“Ah…” Cas tries to tell Dean, but his body won’t produce any words. Instead, he wraps his legs around Dean’s waist, hooking his ankles together; his arms are the same around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean’s cock twitches deep inside him and Cas trembles under Dean’s body, “Nn, you know I do.”
Peterbilt eats the asphalt and Dean effortlessly drives along. To pass the time, he sings along to the same twelve tracks, argues with the radio, talks on the CB, or looks down into passing cars to spy on traveler’s lives, imagining what their lives must be like. Occasionally a kid will pump their fist for a honk, and he happily obliges. And traffic inevitably comes and Dean sometimes crawls forward in a sea of cars for hours.
Dean readjusted and drew, “Hm, ten… Oh, I got it.”
“We’re going to be late, you should hurry,” Castiel said plainly, turning away.
“Hey, Cas,” Bart says with a worried brow, “You alright? You don’t look so good.”
The roll broke Dean’s contact and their eyes met. Dean grins, moving his body over Cas’s. Cas rolls his eyes, trying to hide his blush and possibly sink into the mattress.
Dean thrusts up and Cas chokes. Dean thrusts slowly and shallowly, kissing that piece of skin like it’s Cas’s lips. Cas moans wantonly each time Dean digs down and over his prostate. The feeling of Cas dragging up and over his aching member has Dean making his way to the edge.
. Dean can’t look away, “I remember this... It was the only time I ever took a photo for a club. Ha, Cas was so upset that day. He’d forgotten his contacts and had to wear those dorky glasses. Geez…”
ck,” Dean’s voice rumbles.
He heaves himself off the bed and winces. Cas is very, very sore. He sits back at the edge of his bed and looks out the window. He blinks and looks down at his clock on the nightstand. It’s already 6:30, and Cas has to hurry and head down to the diner.
He was looking down at Castiel in full body. He was holding on tightly to the pillow, his face planted on Dean’s old pillow as well. His body made a little “o” silhouette under the disheveled sheets and comforter. Dean shook himself free of those thoughts; it was super weird to stand and watch somebody while they slept, and Dean wasn’t going to tick another thing off that list tonight.
“Yes, alright! You’ve made your point,” Cas quickly interrupts, grabbing at her hands to still them.
Castiel shot a dirty look at the entrance to the dimly lit living room as Lucifer himself stumbled in. He was in his late twenties, wearing dirty jeans, unbuttoned and shirtless. He had shoulder length, greasy blonde hair that framed his pale white skin, bubbling with skin condition.
But god, it had been so good when it was good; back when he was young and naive. It pisses him off how hard he had fallen in love with Dean back then. All the good memories are shrouded in a veil of heartache. They had been each other’s first… Well, first everything! First date, first love, first… The events were out of order, though. The first big moment had been Cas and Dean fumbling at each other’s young bodies in the dark and frantically making each other cum. It was hot, fast, awkward, but unforgettable. At the time, he had considered himself lucky to have such a person to experience all these great things with. They had both been clumsy and apologetic, but the payoff was all the same. Even now, years later, Cas still considers his first sexual experience to be one of his best. And that was rough, because, as was explained, Cas hates those memories now.
Cas goes to Dean’s contact page and hits the call button before he loses his nerve.
“Don’t you think he’d want to know?” Bobby asks as if he thinks Dean and Cas’s relationship revolves anywhere in the realm of “normal.”
“You mean…?” Castiel knew Dean was taking off his clothes, but he didn’t know to what extent.
Dean pulls his tongue away from Cas’s ear to respond, “I haven’t even fingered you yet. And there’s no lube.”
“No. Look at me and say it.”
Castiel counted his breaths. One. Dean was beautiful. Two. Dean was close. Three. Dean was unpredictable.
Now, Cas is soaking in the rays of having been opened and filled by Dean. Dean’s arm is around Cas’s shoulder, pulling him into his chest. Cas’s arm is over him, his nose near the back of Dean’s left ear.
No kidding, Dean figures. The brief explanation explains the lock changes and cautious atmosphere, but it also brings up a hundred more different questions. Like, how Luci has anything to do with Jack, or why he’s wanted from the federal government. But another, more incessant question is gnawing at Dean: “Wait. Isn’t Jack just at school now? Shouldn’t he, I don’t know, lay low?”
“I could ask you the same thing,” Dean replied.
Nearly everybody in the store greets Cas, while giving Dean a curious eye. Cas subsequently kept his distance from Dean, which was no surprise to Dean but still stung. Jack was the only one that doesn’t seem to notice the somewhat tense atmosphere, bouncing from aisle to aisle and Cas ticks things off his list.
Castiel blushed and bit his lip, looking around the group. He said, “I don’t know, I have a lot on my plate…”
“You do?” Cas’s voice sounds unsure.
Drex sighed and the bed made a noise again as he groaned, “Alright, just for a little, though.”
Cas eyes Dean suddenly and skeptically, continuing to ask, “Are you alright to drink?”
Dean expertly licks into Cas’s mouth and caresses Cas’s tongue with his own. Cas moans and runs his hands up into Dean’s hair, sucking on his tongue. Dean reacts to that - he’s always liked it when Cas plays with his hair - and presses his thumbs into Cas’s hips.
Castiel looked around and spied the nearby oak tree. He rushed over to it as the truck pulled into the driveway. Castiel looked back quickly and saw Dean just staring at him. He grabbed Dean’s jacket and pulled him to the tree.
chapter 3 playlist
“Yeah, well it’s not working,” Dean chuckled, setting the knife aside. He rolled over on his side to face Castiel, propping himself up on his elbow and sticking the poorly carved whistle between his teeth. He continued, “I can barely keep up in my own English class, why does she have to torture us?”
He grinned at them and closed the door again. They all awkwardly moved away. Castiel followed Dean to the sofa and sat next to him as Jo walked back to one of her bags.
Castiel’s eyes roamed to the side. He felt stupid for not thinking of how he’d get back in after sneaking out. Castiel shook his head, “No. It’s nothing.”
Jack picks himself up again quickly, “And you? What are your parents like?”
Dean can’t stand the position any longer, but he doesn’t have to - Cas pushes his ass backwards, bending forward again from Dean. Dean’s hand that was at Cas’s neck is cupping the nape, pushing Cas to try to slow his hips so that Dean can feel himself fully enter Cas.
“But he raised me, so he’s my guardian. He’s just… Castiel. Does that make sense?” Jack nibbles on the corner of his sandwich.
Time blends instead of phases. Rain starts to pelt the windshield; Dean instinctively turns on his wipers and brights to the lonesome two lane highway. Dean wonders numbly when it has gotten dark again. He checks the time on his dash’s clock; a little half past three in the A.M. He bites his lip, taking in all of his surroundings.
Smallville represented well and the team was bouncing with adrenaline by the time they were checking into the hotel after the banquet. No parents had volunteered on the trip so Bobby had been too busy to bother with sorting kids out, leaving it up to them to pick their own rooms after grabbing their luggage from the bus parked out back. Ash quickly corralled Dean and Drex when they meandered to the lobby, then spied Castiel from afar.
At the beginning back then, Dean had seemed like a knight in shining armor, coming to Castiel’s rescue; so chivalrous and kind. Cas wants that back, but knows it will never be. He is happy enough with feeling it only through the weakened memories of his youth; resolved that he will never have another encounter with Dean Winchester.
Jack shrugs, considering the question before answering, “Sometimes.”
Over a year has passed since then and Jack has proven to Cas over and over that it was a good move, albeit unconventional.
“Oh, hey, Cas,” Jack asks cheerfully through the tense atmosphere, “Do we have any twinkies?”
“Hey,” Cas starts with a sigh of relief. Being a parent is a self-induced nightmare. Cas tries on a smile, “You hungry?”
The side parking lot that exit had led out to was deserted in the twilight hours. Dean wondered if Castiel had gone around to the front, but quickly dismissed the idea since the front desk might have seen him. But Castiel was kind of an airhead sometimes, so it could be possible he’d mindlessly wandered there anyway. Still, Dean figured he should look there last, as he didn’t want to chance being found either.
“Beats me, I was watching...” Dean paused, his eyes darting away, “The clock. Ha, Fridays always kill me, y’know? Just itching to get out of here.”
Cas nods.
Dean’s hand moves from Cas’s neck to Dean’s mouth. He spits on his palm, pushes up on his arm next to Cas’s head on the pillow, making enough space so they can both watch as Dean’s slick hand pushes down on their twitching cocks.
The two cooks eye each other and Hannah bites her lip. Cas tries on a chuckle, “What?”
Dean’s hand touches the small of Cas’s back and rubs it gently. Cas’s skin jumps, not even realizing that Dean had moved over to him, his sweat drenched body pressing up to the side of Cas’s.
“You’re falling asleep sitting up. And you’ve been drinking,” Cas takes the empty beer out of Dean’s tired hands, resting it on the coffee table. When he leans back, he scoots closer to Dean. Dean watches Cas bite his lip before saying, “You can leave in the morning.”
Just as he sighed in relaxation while rolling over, Castiel’s forgotten body was resuscitated. Castiel thrashed over and his leg kicked out, ankle hooking around Dean’s knee. Before Dean could shake off the astonishment and pull away, an elbow collided with Dean’s cheek.
Castiel shrugged.
Jack bounces on the balls of his heels, giggling, “Awh, okay thank you, thank you! I’ll do all the dishes before I go!”
“So you’ll help me train him this Friday and next?” Coach Singer concluded.
Dean’s stutters to a stop deep inside of Cas and his breath seems to have stopped just as Cas’s has. Cas opens his eyes. Dean is looking down at him with a furrowed brow and one more wave crashes down over Cas.
“I’ve already said what I needed to,” Castiel’s fists clenched, “And you made it clear how you feel.”
“Yeah. It
“Let’s go! We’re gonna be late!”
Castiel was so deep in his thoughts he jumped again as Uriel came up behind him and took a prepared plate.
“Yeah, you taught his ignorant, virgin ass,” Jo cackled.
Ash’s laughter subsided and he drew a card. He smiled at Dean and without a word stood up and busted a cool kick dance move. Jo got up and did the kick move plus an arm wiggle. Castiel got up in turn and followed their movements, adding quick finger guns in Dean’s direction. Dean sighed and got up. He tried the kick move and did the finger guns but Jo and Ash’s laughter cut him off, “The friggin’ arm wave, dude!”
“That’s why I’m walking
the dirty laundry, and some of the people in this town have already taken a good gander.
Cas gets up, gently lays Jack’s head down on a pillow, and covers him with a blanket. He leaves the television on as he tiptoes to the kitchen and gets out a beer. He shoulders on a coat and quietly steps out front.
Damn that Dean. Damn Cas for still feeling anything for such a scoundrel. And how dare he look so gorgeous. Now that Cas knows what he looks like, his mind scours his memory of earlier today. Dean is still so fit, which was surprising for any long term truck driver. And his complexion was a nice even tan with speckles of freckles across his straight nose. The wrinkles that etch his face are full of character and only highlight his strong bone structure. And green eyes that had not changed in their hue but had a different density to it. Lips that reminded him of that Mr. Sandman song: “like roses and clover.” Cas wants to set that flower and field on fire.
“I was saying that I could just give you a foot boost. Do you think you could grab on and lift yourself up?”
“I did,” Castiel interrupted, looking out through the dark window, “Principle Manners said I shouldn’t have taken it so personally…”
Cas’s blush intensifies and he sits up straight. The texts were sent an hour ago, but Cas types out furiously: “
Castiel’s eyes skimmed over Dean. He replied cautiously, “Yeah…”
“Yeah,” Anna shook her head and looked down at her book, “But I thought he was in your grade?”
But he loses all interest in thinking about that as Dean starts back up his rhythm. Cas’s skin feels like a storm, full of hidden strikes of lightning. Dean is still kissing his jaw, seeming to not notice Cas losing all control.
Cas’s mind short circuits. Out of all the times Cas thought about seeing Dean in his diner again, it wasn’t with him greeting Benny.
Dean smiled toothily, “Heya, Cas.”
“This is Dean,” Jack supplies randomly, “He’s our friend.”
Cas is moaning, enjoying Dean making him ride him. He doesn’t have the capacity to argue with Dean. All he can do is shake his head and call out through his ragged breathing, “No!”
Cas’s eyes squint as a response; he’s waiting.
“We’re together, right?”
wasn’t making things easier. Dean had to get out of there.
The pressure made Dean slowly relax each section of muscles under the travelling touch. Castiel’s voice appeared again, reaffirming his actions, “Maybe if you rest after this you’ll be alright for tomorrow, but you should really pay attention to stretches. Don’t push yourself so hard. And don’t sleep on the couch.”
“I like it when you’re nice,” Dean mutters against Cas’s fiery skin.
Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes on him. He looked to the ground and shrugged passively, “I guess.”
He tries to restrain his memory from thinking of all the times they’ve had at this very kitchen - his first visit, when they reunited once again right after Christmas, coffee in the early hours - instead just taking his place at his regular stool.
Dean gulps, “Hey, uh, why were you pounding at the door? You could’ve called me when you were on your way.”
“I can also tell you don’t like me,” Jack frowns before his smile quickly bounces back, “But Cas likes you, I think. So I hope we can be friends.”
Castiel’s eyes slid from the window to the front of the class. There stood the green eyed boy that had been with Asmod and his gang. Castiel could get a good look at him now: he was much taller than matronly Mrs. Doyle. He was wearing a beat up leather jacket, a flannel, some ratted shirt, jeans and boots. A sad get up, but one that oddly fit him. Around his tan neck was a golden pendant on a black chord.
Another moment of shared silence. Then, Dean backs away from Cas’s neck. He positions himself so that he’s looking into Cas’s eyes. Cas looks back steadily, eyes adjusted to the darkness. Dean’s brow looks worried; Cas gulps in anticipation.
Dean laughs genuinely, “
Then, a new sound. Cas jerks to a halt with half of Dean in him, eyes opening wide: a truck turns into the alley before the dumpster and parks, headlights shooting out past the opening at the back of the alley. Cas and Dean are slightly illuminated and Cas can hear his heart in his ears.
“Enjoying this special night, I see?” Met continues.
A nasal eruption from Ash shook Dean from his restful sleep. He lifted his head in high alert, eyes landing on the thick digital clock’s bright red numbers on the nightstand: almost three the in the fucking morning. He shoved his heavy head back into his pillow. Dean couldn’t believe he wasn’t able to get one night of solid rest during this crazy trip. Earlier today they held the final sessions and award ceremony, and tomorrow morning they returned to Smallville as champions.
Cas surfs the edge of orgasm, noticing that he feels it in his chest just as much as in his pelvis.
“I’ll be staying the night for one,” Benny comments nearby. He had only sat down a few minutes ago, although Cas had just recently opened for the morning, and his habit of butting into conversations hasn’t gotten any better.
But Dean can’t move away, and Cas doesn’t seem to relent either. Dean feels impulsive, suddenly squeezing his arm tightly around Cas’s waist, pulling him into Cas’s chest until he’s almost doubled over backwards. Cas gasps, but Dean captures his mouth in a kiss.
“Eh, don’t mention it,” Bobby grumbles, setting the book he’d been reading on his lap to the counter next to him, “By the way, I got the Peterbilt out back. Did you want to check ‘er out?”
“Oh, why’s that?” Dean asked. Castiel’s breath stuck in his throat. He didn’t want to tell Dean about what had happened. Castiel definitely didn’t want to bring up how Naomi thought Castiel’s “choice” to be gay was detrimental to his future. So Castiel merely answered with: “She means well, her intentions are just misplaced.”
There are only two seats between the coupled groups, with Dean on the inside and closest to the officers. Jody, sitting on the outside of Donna, leans forward on the counter and replies, “Just trying to place your friend. He looks familiar.”
Castiel was disappointed, “Joining in on gossip?”
Asmod approached him, “How do you think it makes me feel that I’m in trouble because some nobody like you can’t follow a simple instruction?”
Dean looked over to Castiel and their eyes met. Castiel concentrated on the overhanging leaves behind Dean, thinking about his answer. A lot of people had asked him similar questions - his family, teachers, even Cus at the diner - but he’d never been able to put it into words. Or, rather, he never thought anybody would understand. And then when he had fought back at Asmod earlier that very month, Castiel had been the one that had gotten in trouble. Still, the memory of hitting Asmod made his heart ache.
Dean sucked in his breath, forgetting his filter. Castiel blushed madly but didn’t respond, just staring at Dean. Their gaze was intense, but Dean’s head was buzzing so wildly that he couldn’t properly read into it.
Dean pulls away as suddenly as he had entered, rolls off the bed and struts to the bathroom. Cas watches him leave. When he’s alone, he groans to himself at the sight of the sun peeking over the trees through his window. He buries his face into his pillow once more.
Castiel turned towards him as Dean approached him. Dean stared him down, and even though Castiel’s eyes were brimming with moisture, he stared back.
Dean caught Castiel’s gaze briefly before they darted away again. Dean could see Castiel was being pushed into a corner as panic flashed over his face. Dean’s mouth came to life: “Actually, I was thinking I may be staying wi-”
“Maybe he thinks you dumped him, dummy! Or got disinterested. I mean, Jesus Christ, you guys might not make a poster for ‘best relationship’ but if you actually care at all then you should at least try to contact him, right?”
Jack notices his hesitation and asks, “You okay, Cas?”
When he landed, he was facing Dean again. Dean’s jaw had gone slack and he was staring at Castiel dumbfoundedly.
Castiel was about to pin him down when Dean swept his leg from underneath and grabbed onto Castiel’s clothes.
Bart shrugs, “Why don’t you go home for the night, man? Jack will have it covered.”
“I said I’ll be fine, besides,” Dean replied, “Sonny would kill me if I wasn’t there in the morning. And Ash is waiting up for me any-”
Cas tries not to let his eyes roll back at the torturing movements, especially with Dean studying him so closely. Instead, he licks his lips and grunts in want as he tries to push down further on Dean’s cock.
A flash of images flooded Dean’s mind from the night before: Castiel on the gym floor, Castiel kissing Dean back, and them together and how just the feeling of Castiel against his skin - moaning, wanting, so hot - had made Dean cum in his underwear. And how Dean had held Cas, quivering in the dark of the gym after he’d cum too…
Dean regrettably breaks the kiss. He doesn’t want to let go of Cas, but tries not to breathe in his face as he asks, “Uh, would it be cool if I actually take a quick shower then?”
“There are
Dean huffs a surprised laugh, “I just forgot what a fucking heavy weight you are.”
“Who might be giants?” Castiel asked seriously. He was lost.
“Okay, settle down,” he began, standing on the other side of the ringed pads, “We have a new teammate, which you’ve already met so we can skip all that, ‘kay?”
? Dramatic? After reading that sappy ass poem?” Dean scoffed. Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean’s hand thrust down and grabbed hold of Castiel’s arm, “Oh! Abelard! Our love is so forbidden! Woe is our plight!”
Castiel’s blush intensified as he silently cursed his brother. He didn’t want to apologize for Lucifer’s actions, but was still immensely embarrassed. Castiel directed that anger towards Dean again, because he was the one that had shown up uninvited.
Cas sighs as he pushes down on Dean’s fingers, “Maybe tomorrow.”
“Okay,” Castiel replied as his head rested on the soft grass.
get the fuck out.”
They’re biting and licking and kissing each other with no reservations, as if the past two decades of want and hurt could be healed through a makeout session. They can’t. But Cas doesn’t care. Cas’s mind is in a deep bliss of action and reaction, blank and pure with this missed sensation; the sensation of human contact. And, lord, how he’s missed it.
“Miss us?” Asmod asked. Castiel began gathering his things.
That was… thoughtful. Dean swallowed past a whole bundle of emotions, staring at a calmed  Castiel. Dammit, Dean hated that he was still so excitable.
Cas feels like he’s on fire under Dean’s touch. The guilt bubbles up, and Cas averts his eyes.
Dean positions himself in between Cas’s leg now, his hands that were stroking Cas’s thigh going to his waistband. Dean pulls Cas’s legs up and he lifts them submissively, letting out a satisfying groan as his hard cock is released and lays out on his stomach. He can feel the buttplug’s mass press against his opening as Dean hikes Cas’s ankles on his shoulders.
Castiel felt bashful, “Yeah, honestly.”
Dean was confused, “What?”
Castiel stood up but kept his back to Dean as he replied, “I told you to leave me alone.”
Cas grits his teeth and replies, “Say what?”
Another tear rebelliously fell, “Then why doesn’t it feel like it?”
“God, you’re killing me. What owner takes out the trash anyway?” Dean pulls away more and smirks, “What should I do then, camp outside your place?”
“And you’re an arrogant prick,” Cas growls.
Jack shrugs, “I don’t mind. Everyone knows. And more than me - or, at least, it feels like that all the time.”
Castiel hummed around the middle of Dean’s cock and he felt it vibrate through his whole body. Dean’s head hung as the heat in his pelvis began to pool, managing to open his eyes a fraction. He had to let Castiel know, couldn’t go this time just cumming with no warning. He tried, “I, uh- I’m gona-”
“Oh, good one,” Jo said, “Who’s your victim?”
Castiel smiled back, not wondering where Dean’s sudden resolve to stay had come from. Instead, Castiel teased Dean, “Well, if you are planning to stay then you seriously need to work on your crowding form.”
Jo shook the hair out of her face and pretended to think. Then, she sent a controlled smile to Dean as she asked, “Dean. Is there anyone you like?”
Still, being a dad is a big deal to Dean. The idea that Cas was with a woman and has some kind of situation there really befuddles Dean. He hadn’t noticed any women in his cursory look at the family photos Cas had up, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t one in the picture. And he still couldn’t figure out how Cas’s shit older brother, Luci, fit into all of this. Especially with Cas changing the locks and Jack talking about “protection,” it all is so suspicious.
Human contact was so nice, and being so rough with Dean was even better. He’d used him, but he also enjoyed the feeling of being used.
The morning’s sky transformed to the classroom's skies through the paned glass. One of his favorite windows was his first real period after P.E. - history class.
He rolls over to the side of Cas, sighing heavily, “Goddamn.”
Cas fumes and is about to retort when he eyes Gadreel approaching the counter. Cas clears his throat as Gadreel passes behind him and Cas continues with a softer version of his fake smile, “So a burger?”
The parking lot was in sight, Dean let go of Castiel’s hand. Dean figured it’d be bad news if they were spotted, but it would be even worse if they were caught holding hands as well.
“It doesn’t matter anymore,” Cas feels defeated.
“Let’s get away from the windows while we talk,” Castiel interrupted, pushing Dean to the corner of the backyard. They could see the back of the house and the driveway, but it was far away enough so that Castiel felt comfortable that their voices wouldn’t wake anyone.
Dean rests the back of his fingers against the side of Cas’s face, running down the length of it. There are faint lines there, soft but etched in his skin. His cheek is just as soft as when they were younger, though. Dean laments not being there to help develop those wrinkles. He regrets everything he’s ever done.
His pants jerk and Cas looks down with surprise to find his cock erect and stretching the front of his jeans. He groans with aggravation.
Cas scoffs, “Am I supposed to be impressed?”
A gust of wind caught the trees’ branches, shaking auburn leaves to blow up and over in big groups. They rode the wind like waves in the sky.
Dean shrugs and continues, “I don’t know… A bigger version of your room in Smallville?”
Castiel shrugged; this was all going way over his head. Dean hit his forehead and agonized, “Oh, man! What a tragedy!”
Dean smacks Cas’s ass again and he grunts around Dean’s dick with pleasure. He sucks in the length of Dean’s cock, pushing into his throat. Dean bites Cas’s asscheek and Cas gives a long moan around Dean’s cock. Cas rocks his ass back and forth on Dean’s flattened tongue, pushing his mouth up and down on Dean’s cock simultaneously.
Midnight was late, and he hadn’t cared about a confirmation when he’d given the receipt to Dean and left. Dean is a trucker, and Cas knows little about that career except that time is of the essence. Perhaps Dean had just been passing through.
Cas reaches up to bite at Dean’s mouth. Dean finishes unbuttoning Cas’s shirt and pushes it off one shoulder at a time. In turn, Cas pulls Dean’s shirt over his head from behind. Dean breaks off the kiss with a groan to get up on his knees above Cas. He takes the shirt the rest of the way off and throws it to the side, eyes finding Cas once more.
“Not a bit,” Cas bites out, moving into Dean’s space, in between his legs. He looks down at Dean, their noses only inches from one another.
Cas watches Met enter his unlocked door and only whirls back around to his beer when the door is shut.
Along the way, Dean mentioned, “So I think Ash and I are seriously going to throw that party tomorrow night.”
“Oh, Jesus, and you’re whining about
“Like what?” Meg asks, drinking her own beer to keep up.
The forced silence worked for a moment, leaving Dean’s anxiety only to be met by the sound of the TV that was left on while Castiel continued to work out the muscular knots riddled under Dean’s skin. Each cluster of nerves sang and came undone at the persistent, intuitive touch. The treatment was so sensational Dean was soon feeling himself relax again. Maybe he’d fall asleep and Castiel would go join everyone else, neither of them breathing a word the rest of the night. Maybe - just maybe - he’d get a good night's rest.
Castiel felt like his entire body was burning up. He couldn’t help the shaking in his voice, “Wha-”
He began to move back in towards Castiel, but Castiel brought his hands around from Dean’s back to his chest and managed to hold him back. Dean looked confused. Castiel brow was knotted, “But you
“Man, was that only last year?” Raul scratched his head.
“And your voice is really deep. I love it.”
“Jack told me on the ride that you were in a fight,” Cas actually seems upset again, “So which is it?”
Cas hears Dean grunt before feeling him move on the bed. There’s a sound of rifling and then Dean sighs heavily, “Shit. It’s already five.”
“Oh?” Coach Singer cocked a brow.
“Well, y’know…” Dean doesn’t want to mention the unwarranted load he was trying to deliver. That was the real reason he’d been booted, and honestly for good reason. Dean feels shameful. He takes the drink Bobby had offered and kicks back most of it. He tries to steer the conversation away from him, “That’s what Sam is saying too. That they don’t have grounds or whatever. I don’t know, you know how he is with his legalese and all that now. But he just opened his own practice, so he’s got his head all up in the clouds and-”
Jack catches him at the kitchen door, “Hey, what did he want?”
“A little,” Dean admitted, looking away from Castiel to keep his temptation low, “Did you see the party out there?”
Panic sliced through the soothing touch just as he heard the door click shut. Dean screamed internally, although trying to keep his breath shallow, as if playing dead from a wild predator.
Dean nearly goes red from head to toe. He recognizes her too - even though last time she had nearly black hair - as the owner and operator of the motel here in Bootbock. It’s just his luck that she and Cas know each other. Meg has a laughing fit all over again, grabbing her ribs over the grocery basket hooked on the crook of her arm, spurting, “Now it all makes sense! Oh lord almighty!”
When Jack came home he let the thoughts of Dean fall into the back of his mind. Jack ate and did his homework at the bartop, chatting with Cas about his AP courses and a new science experiment they were doing in class. Jack helped close the diner, as he did every weekday after finishing his homework, and then Cas went up with Jack to his loft to make dinner.
Cas pushes past her, almost just as angry as he had been with Met, “Yes, okay. Thank you for your help, Meg.”
“How is the new step-mom? And dear dad, Chuck?” Jo asked conversationally, sitting back.
Castiel was visibly shaking, but Dean didn’t just stand there. He turned Castiel’s malleable body into his arms, bringing him into a messy kiss. The two boys tasted each other’s mouths as their hands fumbled to lift up each other’s pants.
Dean goes to press back into him, but Cas wants full control now. He pulls away completely, roughly getting his legs out of Dean’s grip. Dean looks up, mouth glistening and eyes confused. Cas doesn’t give that any mind, just grabbing Dean’s shoulder. He pulls him up on the bed and throws him down so that Dean is laying on his back now.
“Leave him alone,” Ash said to Dean. He leaned in and was looking at Castiel, “Dude, that was epic. You are
“Hey, thanks, little bro,” Luci said slowly, putting the joint out on the table. Castiel coughed and waved his hand in the air as the smelly smoke lifted into his face. Luci snorted, “What? You wanted a hit?”
“Mind your own business,” Cas grunts, giving his hips an impatient thrust under Dean’s mouth. He doesn’t want to talk to Dean about his life, especially the tattoo he got with his college boyfriend.
“Hey, what did that man say to you just now?” Cas pulls Jack aside, asking out of sheer curiosity.
Dean continues, “You really never want to see me again?”
Cas sits back and sighs, briefly closing his eyes. Dean watches him, the television filling the silence between them. Dean thinks about how tough it must be for Cas right now with Jack. He also hates himself for intruding his weedy roots into them like this. Not just today, but ever since he had seen Cas at that damn diner. He should have just walked away. But something tells him deep inside that he would have never been able to do that.
“Bart?” Jack’s voice calls from the other side of the wall, “Hannah?”
making a gay joke right now, even though I
Dean’s tongue finds Cas’s shoulderblade as his hands move down to his hips. Cas angrily peels his eyes open and throws an aggravated look over his shoulder. Dean doesn’t notice, pressing more into Cas’s back.
“Here ya go!” She announced, handing out each glass before turning to Castiel, “And I thought we could go over the last chapter real quick?”
The room was dark and chilly, yet welcoming to Castiel and his long night. It hit Castiel how very drained he was as he tried peeling off the clothes he had so carefully chosen for tonight. He didn’t even care to change into pajamas, just slammed face first into his bed with only his underwear on.
Castiel just stared at him. Asmod screamed until spit spewed out of his mouth, “How do you think it makes me feel?!”
school attacked his brain. He managed to push the jealous emotions aside.
card!”
Cas shakes his head, wishing for the first time in a long while that this day would be over.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand, “So what? We’re just supposed to just pretend to each other that we don’t feel like this?”
He sets his bowl of sugary cereal down on the counter and starts rifling through the pantry as Dean fumes in the foyer, watching the bastard with growing anger. The heavy construction outside echoes loudly through the thin apartment walls and mingles with the playfully annoying tune of the cartoon on the TV. The cascade of noises pounds in rhythm with Dean’s heated blood. His head won’t stop questioning what his eyes are seeing: Is this kid just playing with him? Does he know about Dean already, and to what extent? Who
“Well, we were really close in high school.”
“Oh, Jack, it’s not like that,” Cas had rushed, coming over to embrace him. He reassured, “That apartment is so small, and you’re not a kid anymore. You deserve your own space. I’ll be here everyday, in the morning and when you get back from school. Yeah, I’m worried but, well… Do you like it?”
“Damn, will you leave or shut the hell up? Some of us are trying to actually sleep in here,” Victor whined from the bed next to Dean’s.
“What’s up?” Dean chuckled, “You look like you’re going to be sick.”
He wondered in stupid awe how he had forgotten about getting back in. He couldn’t just walk in, and he doubted that he could climb back up the pillar he’d fallen from. Biting his lip and beating himself up, he sighed and continued walking. He’d already gotten out, there was no use worrying about something he’d already messed up.
“I did. Many times,” Cas replies coldly, pushing past him to the invoice and keys set on the kitchen counter.
Their mouths connected again briefly before Castiel was fully pulling away. He took one of Dean’s hands from his back and held it as he led the way deeper into the woods.
Dean makes a start to approach Cas, but he’s already walking away again. Dean doesn’t follow.
The short replies made Dean’s heart flutter instead of irritating him, eyes anchored on Castiel’s squirming face. Feeling as if his chest was about to pop, he suggested breathlessly, “Well then, let’s get back. It’s fuckin’ freezing.”
He slams back against the bed, reaching for the remote on the nightstand with his other hand and turning up the volume on the TV. Nothing good is on, but endless
The backdoor hit the wall as it swung open. Lucifer slammed it closed and crossed over to Anna. He only muttered, “Fucking finally,” as he took the plate from Anna’s hands and swayed back to the living room.
A dark cloud seems to brew over Cas’s eyes as he thumbs his glass, muttering, “Not today.”
The diner door opens and closes again, but thankfully the footsteps retreat further back this time. Dean continues to move his hips and Cas could punch him for it. He’s trying to concentrate on Jack being gone and keeping his breath quiet, and it doesn’t help to be distracted in such a twisted way. Jack’s footsteps change from asphalt to the dull wood of the staircase to the loft. That door opens and closes, and Dean lets go of Cas’s mouth just on cue.
Ash and Dean faced one another. Coach Singer gave Dean only a couple pointers on his stance while the green eyes stayed focused and attentive, adjusting as Coach instructed.
Coach Singer instructed for a neutral beginning. Dean and Catiel’s eyes locked as they turned to face each other, crouching into position. The whistle blew and Castiel let Dean get the upper. He made sure to keep his shoulders as far back from the mat as possible by keeping himself in a pyramid pose. Although Dean had top position, Castiel knew where the match would go. He switched, Dean tried his own reswitch, and Castiel crowded him again, pinning him.
Coach Singer nodded and crossed his arms in waiting as Castiel turned. Dean caught his eyes quickly before he left but couldn’t read anything except fear. Dean returned his attention to a skeptical looking Coach. Dean smiled and gestured to the air, “Fine morning, isn’t it?”
Cas slowly opens his eyes, breath now back under control. He stares at his ceiling, marveling at the powerful orgasm he’d just experienced.
At the end of the whistle call, Castiel could feel Dean’s grip tightened, but it was no use. Castiel smoothly broke his arm grip with a twist and sharp pull, turned around and reached with a lunge. He caught Dean’s leg between his armpit as Dean tried to get it away, allowing Castiel to pin Dean’s arm and leg with two moves. Castiel tried the switch. He managed to get out from under Dean’s chest, but Dean hooked his arm and grabbed Castiel’s ankle. Dean performed a faux reswitch. Castiel’s shock at Dean instinctually reswitch wasn’t enough to break his concentration. Dean, although taller, was far weaker than Castiel. He quickly crowded Dean, pushing into the space between his shoulders and next to his head. It was enough to get out of Dean’s grip. The bottom half of Dean’s body was twisted towards the ground, and Castiel flipped him all the way. He pinned Dean’s shoulders with his arm, holding down Dean’s hands with the other, and locking his legs with Castiel’s. Dean tried to get up but Castiel’s grip was strong and skilled. Dean’s chest and shoulders met the ground for the silent countdown, despite Dean’s struggles.
Dean is about to really dig into this kid when Jack starts to innocently say over his shoulder, “Ah, maybe we don’t-”
“Mm,” Cas hums into Dean’s skin and moves a centimeter closer, “I feel like jello.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Dean says, biting out his heavy breathing. One of Dean’s hands that had been on Cas’s hip, pulling him back on Dean’s dick, reaches around and starts tightly stroking Cas’s cock. Cas can feel Dean whisper against his skin, “You’re going to cum again, huh?”
Jack’s head dips down as he goes to the door, “What, why? Am I in trouble?”
Dean laughed, thinking Castiel was joking, but the air died in his throat when Castiel responded with a deadpan expression. Dean really didn’t feel like switching beds, or having this conversation as Castiel finally continued, “Don’t you think it will be suspicious?”
Cas’s hands are trailing up and down Dean’s torso, feeling his fit chest and pushing past the red button up. He feels Dean’s smile against his lips before he hears the chuckle. Cas doesn’t care that Dean is stopping, instead biting and kissing at his lower neck and collarbone. Dean says slyly, “I thought you said I look terrible?”
Dean could laugh at that, because Cas sure as hell doesn’t seem like he’s not ready; to the point, Cas lets out an, “Ah!” as he moves another inch down Dean’s shaft of his own volition. Dean thinks this spot is about right - he ignores his screaming muscles as he gets up on his toes to angle is cock down, thrusting roughly. He feels a small lump past Cas’s muscles, and the man subsequently reacts by calling out again, shaking from head to toe now.
Cas has never told Meg about Dean; or
Dean moved his hand away from Castiel’s face, bandage secured. His hand lightly brushed against Castiel’s hair as Dean moved it to sit beside himself. Castiel dared to glance up once more, seeing that Dean was now the one looking off at the creek.
Cas is damning Dean’s very existence when -
Dean wiped away the rest of the blood, saying thoughtfully, “The cut is pretty shallow. Head injuries always seem really bad because they bleed the most. Close your eye.”
Coach Singer instructed the winddown stretches and then gathered the team together before letting them go. He said: “Next Saturday is the tournament, I expect us all to be there. Let’s bring the hustle to practice on Monday! See you then.”
Cas qualms his anxious heart by moving quickly and efficiently. He takes methodical breaths, because that’s what he was used to doing whenever Jack gave him a fright like this. And he’s always alright.
Cas grumbles, “Why? Come on, let’s fuck.”
That all soon ends though, as Dean stops and then Cas is in free fall. He makes a small gasp as he lands on his comforters, eyes wide and looking up at Dean through the dimmed darkness, crawling up on the edge of the bed to straddle Cas’s waist.
He couldn’t imagine what going through something like that would be like, although he guessed he really didn’t even know if it was true or not (since it was mostly from Ash’s word alone). But what was undeniable was that the way people had treated Castiel had traumatized him.
Dean and Jack both turn to the owner of the familiar deep, rumbling voice: Cas. Dean tries not to completely blow up when he notices Cas’s moist bare chest under a towel he holds at the corner of his hip, body and hair still rolling with droplets of water. Cas is staring daggers back at Dean, and he feels a worthy challenger arises.
Cas downs the rest of the tumbler’s contents and drags himself to his bedroom, slumping face first onto his bed. Burying his face in his covers, he holds back his tears. Damn that Dean. Fuck him for making Cas think that something would happen tonight. But no, he is truly upset with himself for putting himself out there like that.
History class was as relaxing as Castiel felt he could get at school. He didn’t have to pay attention since it was his only non-honors course. And he had a cozy seat near the back against the wall with the windows, so he could watch the clouds uninterrupted.
An eerie chill runs down Cas’s spine.
“You want a hug? I can see you shaking in your boots from here,” Hannah taunts.
“What were you dreaming about?” Castiel asked outright.
The urge to pee can be strong enough to wake a person up from deep sleep, and that’s exactly what happened to Dean. His eyes opened as if someone had punched him in the gut. He inhaled sharply as he looked around.
Cas shrugs, “He’s going to a party, Bart. A real party. I can’t ask him to stay now.”
Meg and Rufus go back and forth about Cas’s dilemma as if he weren’t sitting right next to them.
Cas wriggles against him, “Nn, I brought some in, actually…”
Cas tosses his phone across the bed and crosses his arms. He’s irritated by Dean’s compliment and the picture. Irritated because he doesn’t like what it does to his insides, making them ache unexpectedly.
Dean peeked through the crook of his elbow to spy on Castiel.
Cas stands up, forcefully pushing back on Benny. He mutters to Meg as he walks away, “I’m going to get some air.”
“His gym bag? We already checked,” Coach replied, eyeing an increasingly nervous Castiel. Dean tried not to smile at Castiel’s endearing squirming.
He looks off into the pitch black sky and wonders when he’ll stop letting associations with bad relationships rule his current outlook. He didn’t want to see Dean everywhere he went, thought he had left that kind of delirium back in his twenties.
Castiel was grabbed by the instinct to run more than he had felt the entire night. His heart swelled and he didn’t know what to do. But he was frozen under Dean’s embrace, enchanted by his words.
At lunch, Castiel looked at the sky. But unlike most days, his mind was cluttered with pessimistic scenarios of the coming practice with Dean and Coach Singer. He only hoped it wouldn’t be as embarrassing as he was imagining. Castiel had mastered the art of keeping his expectations low, but it couldn’t qualm all his anxieties.
“Cas, wait,” Dean begins.
Castiel moved his hand away from Dean’s as soon as he got the chance, “You too…”
“Well, there’s not a lot I know about you either, right?” Dean says like a spear through the brain.
They wave to each other as Dean drives off the dirt road of the salvage yard and onto the battered asphalt highway headed south, headlights penetrating through the blackened night.
Jack turns back. Dean swallows his pride, “I don’t think I really apologized to you. About earlier.”
Castiel moved a pot to the backburner, “No, thank you, I’ve already got it going. Anyway, you should be studying.”
Meg was Cas’s drinking buddy for over a decade now, and although she’d tried to kiss him a couple of times, Cas considers her one of his best friends in the small town. They are two completely different people, but when they’re sharing a handle of tequila they mingle better than anybody Cas has ever met.
Drex, Raul, and Jervis laughed. Castiel looked past the approaching boys as he saw two other teammates enter. There were twelve people on the team, so four more had to show up still. Castiel swallowed hard as Dean joined the circle of conversation, hoping that the rest of the team would show up soon.
“Oh, you don’t have to whisper,” Drex said in a regular tone, as if it wasn’t the middle of the night, “They’re dead to the world.”
Dean is heaving out his breath, hands on Cas’s shoulders to hold himself up. He mutters out, “Holy shit.”
Castiel went through the motions of warm ups, drills, matches, and stretches with the rest of the team. The practice ended too soon for Castiel’s taste, and as all the team cooled down, showered, and went out for food together, Castiel walked home alone.
Dean doesn’t let up, just thrusting into him over and over. So deep. Cas thinks he’s going to go mad. Even when he opens his eyes he can’t see in front of him.
He jets off before either one of them can say anything. Cas turns back to Dean, crossing his arms and hissing out under his breath: “I am
Cas wakes up with a start. He shoots up in bed and squints against the sunrise that streaks through his bedroom window. Blinking awake, he looks around to find an empty bed. Dean is gone.
Jack smiles from ear to ear. Now that Dean looks at the kid without a lense of fury, he suddenly realizes that Jack and Cas actually share a lot of the same features. It’s really creepy in an uncanny way, but if it weren’t for the lighter hair and brown eyes, he would look just like the meek kid in the yearbook picture that was stowed away in Dean’s bag.
Jack frowns and gestures at the half eaten cereal on the counter, “But I-”
Between all of that time, Castiel had been helping Dean study just as he had said. But they didn’t really study as much as talk, relax, or play wrestling. Castiel’s time with Dean had quickly become his favorite part of his day. They kept a fair distance at school (although Asmod and his posse had all but completely let up on Castiel), but outside of it they were practically inseparable.
Dean hid the sputter of his heart by acting nonchalant, “Yeah.”
He bites his lip and looks over to the little radio and multi-media unit that has been a part of the diner as long as Cas has owned it. The unit has a small cassette deck, which is nifty for Cas’s slow slip into a world of self pity.
With a limberness of a person who’d mastered the exercise, Coach Singer demonstrated as he instructed, “Touch the floor. Don’t rush to get to the floor. And then shift. Control your body.”
Dean couldn’t help but roll his eyes, “Look, Drex didn’t want to sleep over here with you kicking around all night. It’ll be
Dean takes a breath, thinking, “More and more. I have a route to Kansas City.”
Castiel’s brow furrowed. He couldn’t speak to Sammy's character, but Castiel did wonder why he had been bullied. But he didn’t get a chance to ask, as Castiel heard Dean clearing his throat, asking, “Anna’s your sister, right?”
Dean bit his lip and looked away. His eyes looked over the bags, and at the far edge, near the tires, Dean spotted Castiel’s bag. He’d mended that damn raggedy ass backpack when he and Castiel had first hung out, so he definitely recognised it.
Cas’s heart pounds, “Maybe. I think there’s an airport in Marysville.”
“Just come on,” Dean groaned, “Jesus, don’t make me twist your arm or anything.”
“Oh, good one, Cas,” Dean said while wiping away a tear.
Dean’s face softens, smile waning, “What?”
Castiel walked past them, avoiding looking at anyone as he rounded the corner and brushed past Ash. Castiel was going into the gym as he heard Ash ask Dean, “Hey, we’re all going to Cus’s Place after practice. You in?”
Jervis nodded, “Th-that’s what A-Ash s-said.”
“You should try it sometime,” Dean quipped back. Castiel met his gaze again and held it as they shared a smile in their own moment. The lush green of the surrounding landscape held a shimmering beauty that was capitalized by the running river, glimmering as the surface caught the sun’s fragmented rays. The scene’s beauty was attested in Dean’s eyes. Castiel could see the sun catch in irises that equated only to the trees’ plumage against the clear blue sky.
“So your name is Dean?” Jack asks.
“Taking my time, will you chill out,” Dean says against the base of Cas’s dick.
Castiel felt a pang of concern, but not after Dean tugged on Castiel's arm and pulled him down to the ground with him. Dean’s knee pinned Castiel’s hip to the hardwood floor, but he was able to swing the weight from his other side to flip Dean.
Ketch takes a long drag and looks away again. Seeming to cool off a bit, he asks, “How long did the doctors say?”
He has never gone home from work to take a break to jerk off, but a lot of things have happened today that don’t usually occur. Besides, he knows it will happen eventually, and he is here so he might as well get it over with.
“Yeah, you like that, don’t you?” Dean growls, smacking Cas’s ass. Cas’s hard cock bounces between his legs, drooling pre-cum as he works his ass back on Dean’s thrusts.
He was about to get to his feet, when an open hand was offered to him. Castiel bit his lip, looked away, and took the hand.
“Wha--?” Dean starts to ask, but Cas is already straddling Dean’s face. He’s seated so he’s looking at Dean’s body, seeing Dean’s hard cock bouncing in shock and longing.
Cas is aghast. He’s a little dumbstruck that Rufus, the faithful bartender, had been listening and was now weighing in on Meg and his conversation. And also that Meg was feeding into it. Again, it hit him how all his life these small towns never got sick of knowing their neighbor’s business.
“How’s school been going?” Cas asks.
But lo and behold, Ash’s stubborn persistence landed them a room at the end of the hall of the first floor, next to the back exit. Ash busted open the unlocked door and flicked on the light of the vacant space, “Tada!”
“Oh, angel!” Dean moans, slapping Cas’s ass.
Dean laughs back, “Something like that.”
“That’s aweso-”
Castiel looked up at her hopeful smile and tried one on; it didn’t fit.
“I saw you didn’t cool down today. That’s not good for your body, man,” Drex continued.
Cas blinks, but shakes his head with an infallible smile, “No. I’ll go see what’s going on. Just clean up, yeah?”
“Hey, you crying?” Dean reached forward to touch Castiel’s arm. Dean hated seeing Castiel cry, hated the idea that he was the source of it. Castiel didn’t move away from Dean’s touch, so neither did Dean.
Dean was sitting down on the bench, eyes trailing over Castiel’s body. His eyes made their way up to meet his own gaze, a surprised brow shot up once their eyes met. He looked guilty for a moment, Castiel thought, which confused him. Dean opened his mouth, then paused; a toothy, handsome smile spread easily and he said, “Hey-a.”
Castiel bit his lip. He lifted the back of his hand to cover his eyes to hide his embarrassment, “Ugh. I snuck out without thinking about how to get back in... I need to get back on the roof somehow.”
Dean lost it when Castiel looked up to Dean with those big, dark blue eyes, mouth full of Dean’s dick. And below that, Dean noticed that Castiel was stroking himself. Dean tumbled over the edge, eyes closing again as he put a lot of weight onto his grip tangled in Castiel’s hair. He felt the strands of cum shoot out of him and onto Castiel’s tongue.
Castiel’s mouth slowed against Dean’s, and he felt the intention of it breaking off. Castiel’s lips moved a fraction away, his forehead pressing against Dean’s. He groaned, “Agh... What are we going to do?”
Cas moans loudly, the only warning he’s able to give as his gut is punched and cum starts spilling out of his cock. Dean quickly lets go of Cas’s leg - which collapses down beside Dean’s - and grabs tight at the base of Cas’s cock.
“Hey,” Dean felt like they had some reporte now, so he steps forward as he tries to level with the kid, “Why did you stick up for me back there?”
Cas bites his lip and turns away, almost looking ashamed. Dean furrows his brow as he watches Cas shake his head, “I’m sorry... I’m a little on edge right now.”
Dean is hesitant, albeit willing. He’s always fairly shocked at how frequently and thoroughly Cas cleaned before sex, typically sporting one of those sexy buttplugs (it’s made it to Dean’s bucket list to one day see Cas’s full toy collection in a line up). But that seems highly unlikely in this case, and Dean doesn’t really want poop on his dick tip.
Cas insists that he hates the movie because of the belly button bug, but Dean lures him in by reminding him of the great Keanu Reeves eye candy. Needless to say, Dean’s hype is enough to get Jack pumped.
The morning chill penetrates through the apartment. Cas unconsciously wraps himself in the disheveled blankets and gives a shudder before melting into rest.
Castiel sat still for a moment and took in his faculties: his heart rate had curiously decreased since people had joined him and Dean, but otherwise he felt the same. He shook his head.
“I want to see you,” Dean was tugging at the other side now, “Is that okay?”
Dean began to push up and fight his pain in order to follow, asking, “Where are you going?”
But Cas’s old, mischievous behavior flares up and he wonders what Dean is like when he’s jealous...
The knock comes again, proving Cas wrong.
“Why me? You’re scared of them too, huh?”
Their fighting became something feral, full of long stretches of one person trying to be stronger than the other in one position before the other made a dirty maneuver for the upperhand. Castiel’s tears were long gone, replaced by senses alight with adrenaline.
“Jack,” Cas interrupts, “Of course you can take off early. Just don’t mention it to Claire, alright? She’ll whine all night otherwise...”
Dean stops.
Castiel tuned in for a moment, not following the lecture before but instead letting his mind wander as he looked out at the blue, clear sky through the window.
Cas’s thoughts had done nothing but make him more manic. He had arrived home and, among all the other activities, did something sinister. He cleaned his anus and lubed up a buttplug. He ignored his hardening cock as he worked it in and pulled back on his pants.
“What about the diner?” Jack asks quickly. He nor Cas were ones to skip out on work. But Cas knows that this subject deserves special handling.
“Castiel…”
The man pushes his cart away, nose in the air. Meg shakes her head and turns back to Cas, “What was all that about?”
“Were you with Castiel when he left last night?” Coach asked bluntly, not returning the smile.
Dean smiles, “Well, damn, guess you got it all figured out.”
“I joined the marines when I was seventeen,” Dean replies, feeling weird for being asked all these questions - especially in front of Cas.
“So what company were you guys in, Dean?” Jody asks, her voice sounds much more comfortable.
Dean has to press on, “And… Your mom?”
“Hey, Jo,” Castiel said, blinking as she pulled him into a tight hug.
Cas touches Dean’s jaw and moves up, bringing his nose to Dean’s, “For one, you’re a lot more admirable than I thought you’d be…”
“Admit it,” Dean sits up, his hands on Cas’s hips helping to push and pull Cas on his dick. Cas can feel Dean’s chest against his back, his hands gripping hard on Cas’s hips to make him ride. Dean’s mouth is at the back of Cas’s ear, he continues: “Admit that you missed me.”
“I will if you say it again. Tell me that all of it didn't mean anything to you,” Dean says, looking back up to meet Cas’s gaze. His eyes glisten with unspoken emotion.
Castiel slowly pushed off Dean with his arms. Dean couldn’t stop from staring at the beautiful boy as he examined the mess between them. Dean sighed hopelessly, “Damn.”
Cas smiles and Jack smiles back.
Wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist, Dean pulled the boy up into him as he deepened the kiss. Everything still felt odd to Dean, as if he couldn’t get used to the idea that this was okay. But Castiel’s lips were like fire, and Dean felt like getting burned.
Castiel looked over to Dean, but he was no help. He shrugged and said, “Sorry, house rules.”
Cas opens his mouth to say sorry just as Dean’s hands come to grip either side of his face and bring him into a passionate kiss. They lick into each other’s mouths, and, yes, okay, this was what Cas was really hoping for.
Cas feels stricken. He’s never seen Benny look at someone like that before.
He reaches down between their bodies and starts undoing Dean’s jeans. Dean moans against Cas’s skin and lifts his ass in the air, giving Cas’s hands enough room to work. Dean’s elbow comes up near Cas’s head as his hand comes down to join Cas’s, undoing Cas’s own pants. The breath punches out of Cas at the movement.
“Oh my god! We have to watch it. Right now!” Jack reaches for the remote.
That gets a small smile to rise to Cas’s face, making Dean’s heart ring with joy.
Castiel looked around, trying to figure out how to safely get down. He tiptoed to the corner where the pillar holding up the freestanding end of the roof was. He got down onto all fours and realized for the first time how much he was shaking from nerves.
“You know, I got in a lot of trouble today for not having that paper,” Asmod growled cooly. He was tossing a small rock in one hand, leaning against a tree nearby. He continued, sneering as he did at Castiel, “How do you think that makes me feel?”
“Cas, wait,” Dean called out.
Dean tries to stave away the panic as he asks, “What are you talking about?”
“Didn’t I just say you’re going to cum inside me?” Cas remains seated on Dean’s face as he reaches behind him to the nightstand. He slides the drawer open enough to snake his hand in and grab his trusty lube.
Castiel looked at the small distance between them, glanced over to Jo, and muttered, “Sorry.”
“So wh-”
He turned the light off harshly and opened the door, too absorbed in an instinctual self loathing to be afraid of the ridiculous matter he was entering.
Dean takes away his hand and moves the sloppy digits to Cas’s aching hole. He still feels so open and lubed with cum from their last go about. Dean feels it too, and is soon pushing his ring and middle finger into Cas.
He walked over to Anna, saying, “He’s probably just hungry.”
Cas rolls his eyes, pushing off the door and moving to the kitchen, saying, “I’m not sixteen anymore, Dean.”
“I’m not in love, Bobby,” Dean replies definitively, “I just-”
Cas watches Dean helplessly as he shakes under the immense pleasure. He feels a lewd embarrassment as Dean’s dick does this to his insides, his own heavy cock twitching in the fresh air, “Ah, Dean, that’s-”
Jack sighs dejectedly.
. The next person tries to take more. Whoever takes the least has to chug a beer.”
“Ah!” Dean yells as he yanks the Peterbilt’s jolted steering wheel. She turns at an agonizingly slow and ragged way to the narrow turn off of the graveled ramp. Dean considers that he may just smash into the mountainside instead. But just as the turn arrives, Peterbilt's beaten rims and mangled tires square up with the ramp. She flies up the graveled incline with a terrible sound, leaving dust and engine smoke to plume behind them in the rain.
Cas places the mug too harshly on a tray, but manages to quietly ask Gadreel to wait the table with the three veterans.
Dean pulls away, and it takes Cas a second to open his eyes. He feels dazed, as if Dean had just slipped him some intoxicating drug. Dean searches Cas’s eyes, and Cas looks back, helpless.
Cas’s hands are pressing against the headboard, knees on the bed while Dean’s fucking him from behind.
“Oh,” Benny smiles as if he’s trying not to laugh, “How considerate.”
But Dean knows better than anyone that intentional humor has never been one of Cas’s strong suits.
Jack pauses, ringing the rag in his hands anxiously. Cas reads the body language clearly and asks, “What is it?”
Castiel felt like his lips were melting together. Dean’s mouth was at Castiel’s neck and jaw, kissing and licking there. Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean, slipping under his shirt, gripping onto Dean’s sweat slicked back as he thrusted up to Dean.
“God! You’re dirty, you know that?”
Cas chuckles at the thought, “Don’t worry about it. Just, um, please don’t bring anybody over… And be home at a decent time? And text me when you do get home?”
“What? You really have to go? I thought you were staying for dinner?” Jack pleads to Dean, “Can’t you at least go to the store with us?”
Castiel suffocated a snort of laughter. He felt Anna’s eyes on him as she continued, “I heard he joined the wrestling team… Have you talked to him?”
“Well put up! Y’all aren’t breaking up the gang,” Ash declared, readjusting his bags and swirling his finger in the air, “Let’s ride!”
,” Dean snarls, still standing in the open doorway, hand clenching the doorknob, “Do you live here?”
“Uh-huh,” Dean feels awkward as fuck.
” Sam chastises him. Dean rolls his eyes and moves his phone over to his other ear as Sam continues on, “
“Oh, stop feeling sorry for yourself and open your eyes, would ya?”
“Are they all younger?” Dean asked. Castiel couldn’t figure if the small talk was out of place or felt proper. He took a deep breath and played along, “No, five are older and three are younger. Alfie is still in kindergarten, Uriel is in middle school, Anna’s a sophomore, Naomi’s a senior, and the rest are all adults.”
Jack shakes his head, “Just stuff about their families knowing my mom. And… My father.”
Still terribly cold out, the day seems too bright for the actual season. The sky doesn’t have a cloud in it, just a matte blue against a flaring sun.
“God, you’re so hard,” Dean broke off the kiss to whisper against Castiel’s slack mouth.
“Yep, he’s a hot shot lawyer in California now. You’d like him, he’s smart like you,” Dean confides.
Two days had passed since the incident in the hall. Asmod and his gang had kept sufficiently under the radar, albeit their “daily ritual” at Castiel’s expense each morning. Dean came and went from the gang, quickly gaining his own popularity, known throughout the school as a charming bad boy due to his preceding reputation and resulting detention on his very first day.
Dean loses his smile and takes even breaths. He presses against Cas more, so much that his back starts to hurt as it digs into the edge of the counter. He doesn’t mind, totally entranced with feeling the weight of Dean.
The contact is brief but passionate, and when Dean let’s Cas go, the man stumbles back and blinks as if he’s just been stunned. Dean smiles down at his work and then makes a move to the bathroom. He feels Cas’s hands trail over Dean’s body as he walks past him to grab his duffel bag, but Dean’s careful not to look back - otherwise he’d never be able to get away.
The old school lass is a 1983 Peterbilt 362 cabover with her original matte black paint. She’s a bit of a monster, but that’s a bit of the point. And sometimes she can make Dean feel like he’s flying over the surface of the road. He remembers the sensation even when he was a kid, Sammy sitting beside him, their faces pressed against the windshield in awe.
“Fuck me?” Dean chuckles, and bites down on Cas’s ear as he slams back into Cas poignantly. Dean keeps one hand on Cas’s wrist and reaches to the front of Cas with the other, pushing the front of his briefs down past Cas’s own hardened cock. Dean uses the hand he had held his cock with to start stroking Cas’s, a grip as tight and rough as Dean was fucking him from behind.
“Okay, get into the referee's position,” Coach instructed with an encouraging clap. Castiel couldn’t stall any longer; he got down on all fours. He felt Dean coming up behind him.
“Jesus, if you want to talk about me then just do it!” Claire states with a roll of her eyes as she passes them to corner Jack. They chat as Cas turns to Jody and Donna with mugs of coffee and breakfast. They always come here right when Cas opens, it’s just a part of the routine and it sets his nerves to ease. Cas also thinks it’s a good break from Jody and Donna’s morning patrol, being two out of the five in the town’s police force.
The minuscule buzz Dean had accomplished in the motel has waned to a calm thrum in the front of his head. He feels docile and comfortably empty, enough so to give a small appreciation to the sun as it peeks over the rolling hills.
On closer inspection - especially to someone considering if they’ll sleep on something or not - the couch was less of a couch and more of a loveseat. A really shitty, broken loveseat that had more than one tear and stain. Dean frowned. He considered just sleeping on top of Drex.
Cas shakes his head, glancing to the side, “No, I mean it. Today was good. Like, really good. And… I just appreciate it a lot.”
An understanding smile grows on Coach Singer’s lips, “I’m not going to stop you from helping me with the try outs either.”
Dean shrugged, “Don’t know.”
“Right. Willmaker, on the left.”
Castiel didn’t get a chance to ask Ash anything else though as Jo came back and tossed a pack of cards onto the table.
“I just want to kiss you,” Dean whispered, “I’ve never been with a guy, never thought… But I think about kissing you all the time. Can I kiss you, Cas?”
Dean was laying on top of Castiel instead of forcing him against the floor. He knelt down on his elbow beside Castiel’s head. Dean was so close it was impossible to not look him in the eye. He asked, “Why are you crying?”
Castiel felt a magnetism towards Dean, as if there were some invisible string pulling them together.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered gently, “I think we’re fine n-”
When Castiel had come out of the bathroom he’d been rubbing his shoulder. Drex asked if something was the matter and he’d replied shortly that he was sore. Dean had hidden his blush, but it became difficult when Drex had offered Castiel a massage. Giving and receiving massages from teammates was a part of the sport, but Dean had never offered or gotten one from Castiel.
He stays strong as the line rings, but his heart starts to go haywire as it keeps ringing.
“You’re hurt. Let me-” Cas tries to push back, but Dean won’t let him. He welcomes the pain that the restraint causes on his injuries. He feels completely inclined to maintain the control right now, remaining fully inside Cas.
“Yeah, are you still feeling sick?” Bart chimes in.
“No,” the man says curtly.
“Cas! Dean!” Jack calls out, waving enthusiastically.
Castiel raised an impressed brow, “Wow.”
Dean was glad he was face down on the mattress, his nose in the crook of his elbow, because he was blushing madly. Dean wondered wildly why Castiel would ask a question like that in front of Drex. Of course he couldn’t answer him honestly… He didn’t understand it completely himself, after all; he merely just didn’t want to be touched by anyone.
Cas eyes squint dangerously, “I don’t like you.”
Castiel looked around, wondering if he’d be able to just walk away now. He considered it for a very long time, staring at the branches they’d passed through. Instead, he sat down and waited.
“Jesus, was that seriously our homework for history?” Dean asked with an impatient sigh, carving a whistle from a reed with a pocket knife.
Cas hisses, “Keep your voice down.”
It had been a month since the night before the party. As Castiel expected, Dean hadn’t brought up their drunken kiss. But although Dean was jovial and inclusive as ever with Castiel when they were in a group, he and Dean no longer spent any time alone. Everytime people were leaving, Dean would leave with them.
He was trying to fake Dean out, hoping he’d let up so Castiel could surprise attack him.
The alarm on Dean’s phone startles him awake. He groggily turns it off, and is pleased to finally feel some effects of getting rest as his headache has subdued. He grunts as he crawls back into the driver’s seat; he could use a few more hours (or twenty), but he needs to get back on route. He lets her warm up as he reaches behind him for some sort of caffeinated drink. Sam had stocked him up with a kind of fancy canned coffee that apparently had more caffeine than an energy drink. It doesn’t taste half bad, and it’s there, so Dean cracks one open as he pulls up to a gas pump before he’s on his way.
Cas can’t help as his eyes roll back, closing his eyes tightly as he moans out, “Yessss…”
He heard the chain come off the door, and turned around with explosive concern as the door creaked open. His thoughts screeched to a halt as he heard Anna greet loudly: “Oh, hey Dean!”
“Yeah, exactly,” Dean said with a huff of fake laughter. He bit his lip and stepped back some more. Castiel kept his back on the tree, not sure if he was going to be able to ever move again.
“Speak of the devil!” Benny chuckles, getting up from his seat to meet the other person, “Dean-o!”
Dean sang the lyrics and opened his palms like rough jazz hands as if this were enough for Castiel to understand Dean’s reference.
“Her voice! Uck,” Dean makes a face.
“But you’d be perfect!” Ash added, “Come on, dude.”
She was the first to lift the glass up, then Ash and Dean, and finally Castiel lifted his as well.
It’s been a long day. A long, confusing day, full of Dean. All in all, he feels spitefully good about making Dean cum inside of him; now he knows what he missed out on. And Cas can’t say that he doesn’t love the feeling of cum leaking out of him.
Cas’s hands immediately reach up to paw at Dean’s chest, but Dean is leaning over him again, pressing their chests flush together. Dean ducks his head past Cas’s; he can feel Dean’s lips and teeth on the side of his neck. Cas gasps at the contact, but his hands have other ideas.
A single fingertip pressed down at the most tender knot on Dean’s lower back and he yelled in pain, “Shit!”
Suddenly, Castiel didn’t want to finish the little bit of a meal he had left.
“No way.”
Jack puts on a soft smile and peeks up at his father. He asks weakly, “Was it this hard for you back in high school?”
Cas bites his lip and blushes. Dean’s other hand comes to tenderly stroke Cas’s cheek and bottom lip. Cas relaxes once more, and Dean continues his shallow, slow thrusts.
Benny pushes off the bar and swaggers over to Cas. He comes up behind Cas’s back and presses his chest to him, “It’s real funny… ‘Cause ‘ur like, the girl, right? Hahaha!”
“I want you inside me,” Cas manages to say more clearly, although his voice is still ragged.
Cas’s blush returns, “Well… I did.”
“Do you?”
Castiel felt Dean lean down, saw those green marbles getting closer and refracting the sunlight from behind him. Castiel shrunk back into the grass, heart thudding in his ears.
Dean’s hips thrust up at that, and Cas drags his mouth down the side of his twitching cock. Dean gives another long lick from Cas’s perineum to the other side of his gaping hole.
Dean didn’t answer and Castiel’s heart pounded against his chest. Finally, he dared to look over, and was shocked to catch Dean looking back at him. Dean looked away quickly, replying, “Well, who knows? Maybe my dad will really leave me here, and I can be a normal kid.”
Especially one that smokes. Dean rolls out the ember and excess tobacco with his fingers and pockets the used butt as he kicks out the fire.
The whistle blew. Castiel rolled off Dean and Coach Singer approached, “Okay, this is how the rounds will go in tournaments, Dean. That’s how long a match can be, then the next match is dependent on this outcome. But first, let’s do a play-by.”
Jo pulled another card, “Jack! Never have I ever, oh yeah! Keep the good times rollin’.”
Dean takes a second to gather the strength to reach behind him. His personal storage compartment is a little warped from the wreck, but only enough to bust the top open. He pushes that up - not getting emotional - and rifles through to his raincoat. Dean shrugs it on, working past the pain, and shoulders open the door. He gingerly steps down to the ground, putting his weight on the door as he does.
“Ash scored some beer and stuff for the party. We were going to do a ‘quality check’ tonight,” Dean grinned, “Want to come?”
That’s all Cas needs before he’s taking out Dean’s cock. He’s catching every one of Dean’s hiccups in breath as he spits on his hand and rubs it up and down the well endowed dick in front of him. Cas feels so intoxicated by his actions he’s not even thinking of proper etiquette, or if Dean is even clean and all that proper shit.
“What?”
Dean’s brow cocks in surprise. His eyes follow behind Cas as Gadreel comes back around with a tray of food. He smiles triumphantly, saying politely, “Yes, please.”
The tense air was putting a damper on the experience, so Dean thinks of using some of his world class humor to clear the air. They’re in the produce area, and Dean picks up a red chili, “Hey, guys.”
Cas’s brow creases, “Everything okay?”
Dean’s arms crossed, “Maybe.”
“Is this uncomfortable?” Castiel asked almost too innocently.
Jack is just chowing down on some more goddamn cereal and a peanut butter and jelly bend-over when Dean comes up to him in kitchen to whisper, “Jack, wha-”
“You act surprised,” Cas looks up at Dean, dimly lit by the light coming through the open bedroom door. Cas pulls Dean in closer with his legs, reaching down between them to grab Dean and his cock. He strokes them together. There is a beat of Dean trying to catch his breath.
Castiel was shocked, having to realize quickly as he blocked a blow from Dean that they weren’t playing by wrestling rules.
Drex laughed, “Calm down, just take off your stuff, dude.”
“What? No!” Drex laughed, “Are you kidding me? It’s freezing outside!”
The man chokes on his words as their eyes meet. The trucker is surprisingly handsome, no doubt, but something about his face and the green sheen of his eyes catches an old familiarity.
Cas turns and leans his back against the door, watching Dean stumble in and look around. Dean does a three-sixty and finds Cas’s eyes again. Cas’s face is blank, just watching Dean. He’s not sure where to start, what to say.
Dean looks over to him, hating Ketch for stating the obvious in that obnoxious uppity, half-British accent, “Yep.”
“Everything alright, bossman?” Claire asks Cas through the window.
Castiel took a deep breath. He peeked up to Jo, who raised an expectant brow, grin still plastered on her face. She crossed her arms.
Cas smiles to himself. He takes a deep breath as the silence spreads over the line.
” Cas demands. He’s not going to be the one begging here. Dean growls, but does as Cas says. Dean pulls away and spits against Cas’s hole. He gives a big pull and Cas’s hole stretches over the thick of the plug. The rest pushes out at a slow, easy slide.
Castiel trembled as he felt Dean’s thumb against his wet cheek. He bit his lip, glad that the dark could hide his blush. He didn’t know why he was crying, why this was even happening to him. Still - after a few deep breaths - Castiel managed to bring some thoughts together.
After sufficiently clearing out his ever faithful cavity, Cas slumps to the bedroom and crawls onto his bed. His cock is still hard - probably harder than he’s been in some time - but he lazily reaches in the bottom drawer of his nightstand and grabs the lube with his faithful vibrator.
Flesh tears into ribbons and blood gushes like water from a fountain. Teeth bear into the abdomen, puncturing and tearing innards. Growls explode. Cries for help get lost in a void. Hands push and tug violently at the malleable fur of the attacking beast, but there is no use at the unending onslaught. No forgiveness, no mercy, no love.
Another clap and the team broke. Castiel was the first to get to the door, but he still heard Coach Singer say, “Dean, let’s talk in my office for a minute.”
Perhaps their willingness was selfish, or maybe it was because Cas had been in an obvious despondent mood all day.
“Mm…” Castiel scuffed his foot against the ground, “What time?”
Castiel could feel it.
Castiel relaxed and quickly hopped off of Dean’s back. He started to see Dean turn around with a groan, and Castiel looked away. Still, he extended his hand. A pause, and then he felt a hand grab on to him. Castiel pulled and helped Dean to his feet.
His eyes trail back up to Dean as he feels him walking towards him. Cas’s eyes shift to look out the diner’s front windows. Cars are still passing. Cas quickly turns away and goes into the kitchen, floors already ruined thanks to Dean.
year!” Jervis corrected.
She got up and went around to another bag. As she was rifling through it, Dean turned to Castiel, “Hey, you sure you’re feeling alright?”
Dean’s hand at Cas’s throat moves to press at his collarbone and shoulder as he sits up on his knees. Cas’s hands slide from Dean’s hair to his biceps. He keeps on his back as Dean is angling is cock up again inside him, pressing constantly at Cas’s lump of nerves deep inside.
this “Jack”?
Castiel shook his head, then looked over to his sister, keeping her head down and picking papers up quickly.
“What?” Dean’s mind went a million places.
“What? You were all excited about NYU’s philosophy program just last week, though,” Cas says suddenly.
Tonight, Dean leaves his hand on the side of Cas’s face, falling asleep on the floor while propped up on the couch’s seat - just to be near Cas for a little longer.
Cas takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. He’s exhausted, but he needs to make it clear to Dean that he doesn’t want him back in his life. He shrugs, keeping his eyes closed as he says, “I hate you.”
“Yes, thank you,” Dean replied, playing into Castiel’s tease. Dean said in an astonished tone, “I mean, who wouldn’t know that?
“Class,” the teacher, Mrs. Doyle, spoke properly, “Say hello to our new student, Dean Winchester.”
Coach Singer’s whistle blew again, and both boys got up. Coach called, “Okay, good! Alright, Raul, let’s do top.”
time ago!”
Cas moans loudly, not realizing how much his cock was drooling over his hand. He growls at his mind thinking of Dean so much. His hand on the vibrator pumps harder and harder; harder than he has in a moment as his prostate feels pummeled. Cas’s moans become screams into his pillow as he pushes the vibrator in all the way, pressing it up so harshly his grip on his cock tightens out of the sheer intensity.
,” Dean chuckles nervously.
Ash looked back and forth between Dean and Castiel, “What is up with you two? You’re acting weird!”
Cas bites his quivering lip. His eyes waver, but he braces himself and looks back at Dean. He avoids answering, “This is stupid, D--” Dean’s face doesn’t betray him as he pushes back into Cas. Cas’s words melt into shocked pleasure as he moans out the rest of: “--ean!”
Castiel nodded to the coach before grabbing his gym bag and making his way to the locker room.
“Okay,” Jack replies, “That sounds nice.”
Dean’s eyes wandered down to spy a small silver bucket with some folded hand towels piled on top in Castiel’s hand. Dean lifted a brow, “What’s that?”
“Hm…”
Dean chuckles, hand falling away, “You don’t look so glad to see me, though.”
“Why don’t you mind your own business?” Cas snarls over his shoulder.
“Pretty wild.”
Dean didn’t flinch, “Oh, no they’re real, alright. You’re just not worth it.”
Castiel, Anna, and Dean all turned around to Naomi at the kitchen entrance, standing next to an indifferent Samandriel at the table. Castiel felt like screaming and running away, but instead he was frozen and shaking with anxiety.
Castiel turned back to him, “Why do you care?”
Dean opened his aching eyes as he propped himself up on his elbows and peeked over the pillow wall he had reestablished from the night before. The sheets were pulled back and Castiel was missing. Dean fully sat up, glancing over to the other bed.
“No don’t do that, you’ll just get Becky frazzled,” Dean cuts off Sam, starting his trek down main street, “Look, I’ll get back on my feet.”
“Cas.”
Cas bears down and has Dean breaching past his rim.
With a small grunt, he pulled himself up by his arms and got his legs onto the roof.
“Oh, you don’t say?” Dean replies with a chuckle.
“More,” Cas moans dangerously.
Castiel sucked in a breath and hurried to his locker, flying through the combination and throwing the door open to hide his face against the approaching couple.
Cas departs Jack’s loft after a hug, and another hefty load weighs down on Cas’s mind. He unlocks the front entrance of the diner and drifts in like a ghost. He leans against the bar counter and sighs one of the deepest sighs of his life.
“Why can’t he stay here?”
“No, I do. It’s just,” Dean bites his lip, looking back at Cas sincerely, asking, “Are you sure?”
Waking up with Cas splayed out on top of him on the couch would be a dream come true if not for two factors: the first being that he feels like his injured body has broken all over again under the prolonged weight and awkward position. The second factor is that there is a commotion coming from the kitchen, so loud that he can hear it over the TV that was left on.
Dean looked at Castiel. He unconsciously jumped and looked away, going over to help Anna.
Cas blinks, “But what about your party?”
Cas moves his head up and down on Dean’s dick, and the man really stops breathing, putting his other hand on Cas’s shoulder for balance. But this is not Cas’s end game; he wants more.
Castiel’s small, chaste smile had Dean’s expectations at an all time low as he replied, “Not right now.”
He bites at his lip as he feels the sting of his own lie.
“Let me see your eye,” Dean said. Castiel looked over to him before presenting the other side of his face. Dean whistled, “That’s a nasty shiner. Will your parents care?”
Dean moans. The heat in Cas’s pelvis has rocketed to his pulsing cock. Dean’s own hardened member rubs against Cas through their pants. Cas gives a soft moan of approval. Dean’s hands grab and press at Cas’s hips as he slots their trapped dicks together and thrusts up. Cas bites down hard on Dean’s shoulder. Dean moans again against Cas’s ear, hissing out, “Is this what you wanted?”
Dean pulls away and Cas tries to quickly shroud the spiteful look he’d let slip when his face was buried into Dean’s body. Dean cups his cheek and smiles, “I wanted to see you. I wish I could see you more.”
Dean was half naked in the singlet now - and entirely by happenstance - Castiel in his sweats. Goddammit, how those hand-me-down sweatpants that hardly held onto Castiel’s hips would be the death of Dean.
Cas hangs his head back as Dean starts pounding in and out of Cas. He moans, “Oh, Dean! You’re so deep inside me!”
“What the hell are you doing?” Asmod spat at Dean, cupping his bloody nose as he got back up.
Castiel glanced over to catch Dean’s surprised eye. Castiel quickly looked away, wondering if he’d crossed a line. Dean must have noticed the sweat, because he chuckled, “Yeah, I’ve been to a lot of different schools. The curriculum is all different from each district, or whatever. I just take the classes they give me, y’know,” Dean sighed heavily and Castiel looked back over. Dean was looking away again, “And it’s not like I’m in a place long enough for it to matter anyway.”
“Look at me,” Dean moans softly. Cas looks back with hateful eyes. Dean starts moving in and out of Cas, slower than their rhythm has been the entire night. It’s like torture, and Cas tries to pull away from Dean’s grasp to no avail.
Dean angles his dick and pounds into Cas’s prostate.
Cas shakes his head, “I sent him up to the loft to get another case of napkins over fifteen minutes ago. Did he drop them off?”
Dean felt Castiel nod, not blaming him for not answering. The silence that had fallen between them was growing heavy with youthful lust that ripped any use of words from their throats.
Castiel couldn’t seem to maintain the kiss, huffing out breaths into Dean’s open mouth instead. Dean was grabbing onto Castiel’s ass like his life depended on it, not sure if his eyes were open or not as he was blinded by lust. Feeling Castiel’s bare, hard cock against his was an insane stimulation that had no way of grappling with.
Castiel sent Drex a pleading look, which he totally ignored. Instead, he seemed thrilled, “Oh, yeah, for sure! That’s a good idea. See ya, Cas!”
Dean nods, staring at the page once more but not really seeing it, “I know. And you know I hate myself for it.”
“I guess what I’m trying to say is,” Dean cut him off, taking a deep breath. He looked over to Castiel and a gentle, nervous smile played on his lips, “You’re like my best friend, Cas.”
“Coffee,” the man cuts him off with a grumble, not bothering to look up. Cas’s brow raises, asking slowly, “Milk or sugar?”
Jody raises a brow but smiles, “Dean, Sheriff Jody Mills.”
The snow may have stopped, but it was still very cold outside. Cas considers buying another truck. But a quicker solution would be to go warm his body with alcohol. He starts heading towards the roadhouse bar and texts Meg as he walks. She replies fairly quickly that she’ll meet him there.
Then the feeling of Dean’s head on his neck is gone and one of the hands that had been holding Cas’s hips leaves too; Cas hears spitting and then feels a slippery finger at his hole. Dean pushes it in slowly, and Cas growls out, “No. More.”
He looked at the same sky through all his classes' windows, and when he had to pass through the hall he looked down at the patterns on the tile.
Ash got right in his face: “State!”
His outstretched limbs spasm on the bed and he grips his pillow tight as he smothers his face further into it. A scream rips through him and he pounds his fists and legs on the bed for a moment before completely going limp, muffled voice dying.
Dean kisses him and Cas does everything not to fall apart. He doesn’t know if he can get used to treating Dean as more of a person and less as a memory.
Their moans mingle, their breathing forgotten. Cas shouts out a warning, “Dean!”
Cas owns his blush, “Yes. But I’ll send it to you anyway. Merry Christmas.”
Dean blushes at the idea that he does - he’s slept over his fair share of nights in the small apartment - and responds, “Yeah, okay. Thanks.”
Things become a bit more relaxed after that. They’re expedition flies by, and they’re about to head to check out when Jack gets Dean and Cas's attention. He holds two boxes of raisins over his head with a smirk and says, “I’m raisin the roof!”
“Yeah, right, heard that one before. Also, Cas,” Ash added, “I want you to appreciate that I’m
He turned to the double doors as they opened. Raul and Jervis entered.
He’s feeling guilty now, looking forward to something so condemning as Dean Winchester. There is no time for all that, though, as a knock comes at Cas’s door.
“No. I was a little preoccupied,” Cas drinks down half of his second beer to cover his blush.
The rain is still pouring with no sign of letting up. As a table of four tempts fate and gets ready to leave, another semi-truck rolls into the back parking lot, splashing mud on the patrol car pulling into the front right behind it. The group exits, but before the door could swing close, another trucker rushes in. He doesn’t bother to hold the door open for Jody or Donna, who are just behind him, so that it almost smacks Jody if Donna hadn’t caught it.
He pulls them both back from the brick wall, hand coming back to Cas’s cock.
Nonetheless, Castiel breaking the silence startled Dean. Perhaps he could feel Dean tense up, since his touch became lighter, but that just embarrassed Dean further. He shoved his head deeper into the comforter, wanting to escape.
“What? No! You can’t express yourself completely over some message,” Rufus points out.
There’s a small silence that Dean allows before he grins to himself and replies, “You still haven’t asked Dorothy out, have you?”
Castiel shook his head again, persisting, “No, it’s not worth the trouble. He’ll just not want to join the team because of me.”
” Charlie asks ignorantly.
“Y-yeah, th-thanks for getting st-stuff r-r-ready,” Jervis added.
Castiel turned to run, but Al regained his grip on one arm as Ash stumbled around to hold his other. Then, Asmod was in his face, and his fist connected with Castiel’s right eye. He could hear the skin break as much as he could feel it.
Dean leans over Cas’s body, stroking his cock as he bites into Cas’s shoulder blade. Cas’s rhythm isn’t maintained any longer, now carefree and wanting.
“Nuh-uh,” Jo said, cracking open the jug and starting to pour out shots, “Beer before liquor, never been sicker. Liquor before beer-”
Dean had barely been glancing at the interaction, pretending to be engrossed at the dumb program instead, although too aware that Castiel had been facing him for a brief moment. But then Castiel’s back is turned again, Dean can’t help but look once more.
Cas takes a deep breath, but instead of calming him, Cas decides to fight this battle, continuing: “We have some great lunch specials. Burger, salads, sandwiches-”
“Everything go down alright?” Cas asks as politely as he can without sounding too smug. The man looks up with a start, but not from his phone but from deep thought. Cas’s brow furrows as the man gives Cas a blatant once over silently.
Castiel moaned softly and leaned into Castiel’s grip, hips moving with Dean’s offbeat rhythm. Castiel replied through a string of moans, “I thought about it. A lot.”
Cas blushes and looks away. He can hardly stand to look at himself in the mirror, much less accept a compliment. But Dean distracts from that, leaning down to press his lips against Cas’s neck.
Cas bites his lip, and types out his knee-jerk response: “
bed, but it was the closest he’d probably ever get to one.
Castiel sighed and eyed Jo before he lifted the drink to his lips and knocked it back. This one tasted even smoother than the last, so Castiel wasn’t too unhappy about this previously unknown “rule.”
Dean makes quick work, though; he briefly lifts Cas as he gets out from under him, staying inside him the entire time. Dean puts down Cas, moving his other arm to push down Cas’s legs. Cas takes the hint, getting on his hands and knees in front of Dean. Dean growls happily, finishing the position by reaching around with one hand to grab Cas’s cock, the other going back to Cas’s hip. But Dean doesn’t need to move Cas again, because he’s already rocking up and down on Dean’s dick.
Dean came back to life, “What the hell, dude?!”
“No,” Cas stammers out, “No, just a spider.”
He walks his knees up to where he’s holding Dean’s slickened cock. His hand moves behind him to steady himself on Dean’s hip as he points Dean’s tip towards his hole. He massages the slick cockhead against his head.
Dean sighed heavily and got out of the bed. It still didn’t feel like
Opening the pack, Dean handed Castiel a canteen first.
He sets the mug in front of him and pulls back out the order pad once more. Asking with a more tense but similar tone as before, “Anything to eat?”
Castiel was overwhelmed. He swelled under Dean’s attention, his lips worked to form the words: “I… I don’t want you to just use me to experiment with. I miss hanging out with you more than anything.”
hopefully i can get back on my updates grind and get this ground out before the end of the year... in the mean time, feel free to reread - i edited all the chapters and extended some of them too! i've been working intermittently these past 19 months on 'pinfall' and finally feel like i have my head above water enough to fully dive back in.
“It’s probably for the best,” Met goes on casually, fishing out his keys slowly, “You were keeping me up all night!”
“Yep,” Dean can’t help a proud grin spreading on his face, throwing it in Cas’s direction, “Pretty sweet, huh?”
“Dean.”
“Hey,” she greeted with a broad smile, “Thanks for waiting. Do you have that essay? I have to hurry to class.”
She held out her fist and Castiel did the same. They bounced them twice and on the third Castiel threw out a paper sign and Jo’s hand was a rock.
Cas looks down at his beer and sighs.
“So this was another one time thing to you?”
Dean stops himself from banging his forehead on his steering wheel at a red light solely because he probably shouldn’t hit a concussed head. One of the smartest decisions he’s made all week.
His breath is getting as lost as Cas’s, but they get lost together, breathing each other’s air. Cas loves the sound of Dean’s breath working to pump through his lungs; loves that he does that to him.
Cas’s resolved disdain for Dean ebbs further with every sweet slide against his prostate. His melted brain spills through his mouth: “You’re the only one that can make me feel this way.”
Castiel’s brow furrowed, “I don’t follow.”
Castiel replied quietly after a moment, “Thank you.”
Castiel looked away as he thought he saw Dean start to turn to him.
Dean raised a brow, “Oh, you think you can do better?”
Cas quickly loses his smile and clears his throat to save face. He blushes because he’s tired. That’s right, he’s tired; it’s not like Dean is funny or charming or anything. He starts to roll back over, “Just go take your shower.”
“What gave it away?” Castiel spat back quickly, surprising himself at having replied at all.
Castiel felt mushy and safe. He nodded, blushing, “Yes. Just… Tell me if I do something wrong, okay?”
But about a half an hour in, a sweaty Ash approached Castiel and Drex’s mat, followed by a hesitant Dean.
Jo quickly refilled the glasses and Ash almost immediately grabbed for them. He slammed three upside down and sighed with satisfaction as if he had just had a tall glass of water.
Cas inputs the number into his phone but doesn’t text him just yet. Instead, he rushes to get ready for the day. On his walk to the diner, he simply messages Dean: “
Dean seems to ignore him, his chin bumping past Cas’s cock to nibble at his hip bone. Cas grumbles but manages to keep his lips sealed. Dean says against his skin, “Cool tattoo. Mean something?”
Cas blushes, so embarrassed at his words. But his cock still holds some confidence as it spurts pre-cum while Dean presses harder against him. Dean captures Cas’s mouth and they moan into each other. They rock faster together, Dean barely moving out of Cas but instead just pushing and rubbing deeper inside of him with every thrust.
By Jack’s own request, Cas and him had put up trees at his loft and Cas’s apartment. But on Christmas Eve, Jack had stayed at Cas’s and there they opened presents. The scooter was the last present, something Cas had been hiding in the “office” after trudging it up one step at a time.
Castiel snapped, letting his instincts take over. He grabbed hold of Dean’s wrist at his shoulder and pulled him in, using his other hand to grab under Dean’s armpit to control him. Castiel threw his weight and managed to spin Dean around and throw him on to the floor.
“Ah,” Cas groans, palm rubbing at his eye and the other coming down to pet the top of Dean’s head. Dean ducks lower, hands lifting up Cas’s ass as Dean’s tongue massages his perineum. Cas’s eyes squeeze close, and he can’t help but let the string of exclamations leave him. He manages to huff, “I’m going crazy.”
Castiel looked up at Dean with reluctant concede.
Castiel gave a small smile and raised his beer back to Ash. Everybody raised their beer and drank in a quick cheers to their new friend.
“Are you serious? I said I wanted to see you,” Dean replies stubbornly, his eyes staying on Cas’s, “Don’t you believe me?”
“I scared you?” Dean is astonished, “What the hell are you doing in here? I thought you were someone breaking in!”
Dean moves his mouth off of Cas’s cock, licking it kindly, “Does it feel good?”
“The dude literally did nothing, okay?” Dean whipped around, gesturing towards Castiel behind him. Castiel couldn’t understand why Dean was doing this either, so he was watching and listening intently. Dean’s shoulders raised and lowered before he continued, “Going to fuck up an innocent person with a dollar store knife for something stupid? Sounds pretty twisted to me.”
They typically didn’t go for two shots… Castiel couldn’t help as he looked behind his shoulder at the group. They were all laughing and egging him on, but one - a new face.
“Hm,” Castiel considered, “You go first.”
Cas’s voice brings Dean back from his pit of self loathing. He still feels exhausted, though. Dean looks at Cas’s face, so close to him on the couch. It feels so domestic and casual. Dean smiles sadly, saying, “I guess I should actually head out now.”
The man blinks, “No, no. I got it. Take a left on uh…”
“So he must have to repeat the course…” Anna was thoughtful, “He doesn’t seem particularly bright.”
Dean sighs, feeling bad for being so forceful with the kid. He shakes it off, whispering, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
Cas wordlessly gets out another tumbler from the cabinet above, turning back to his countertop. Dean has sat on one of the stools on the other side. Cas catches Dean looking at him, but instead of looking away, Dean throws him that half-cocked grin again. Cas is the one to bite his lip and look away. Yeah, he will definitely need another.
Anna moved past him to the kitchen, “I’ll finish up.”
But still, Cas looks at Dean as if he doesn’t believe him. Dean wonders if Cas could possibly not buy his lie. Cas confirms this by spitting out, “I don’t know why you won’t just tell me the truth.”
And as per custom of any one night stand, Cas was content that he would never interact with Dean Winchester again.
Their conversation had taken so long that there weren’t many completely empty rooms left. For a moment, the sweat cleared from Dean’s brow as they went along, figuring that the group would have to break up anyway to fill up the empty space.
The semi truck’s engine roars to life and Dean’s cassette of Houses of the Holy blares harmoniously. He methodically sets up his rig’s controls.
He ventured to ask Dean, “What?”
Cas inhales sharply, fighting back Dean with his tongue. Dean’s arm has moved and he’s grabbing Cas’s shirt collar in his fists, still pushing him with the same force against the wall. Cas’s own hands move under Dean’s shirt, rubbing up and down his fevered skin.
Dean’s breath hitched. Castiel slightly moved his arms to peek through and witness Dean looking down and taking in Castiel naked frontside. Castiel wriggled under the close scrutiny.
Dean’s anger flared and he ripped Drex’s pillow out from under his head. He didn’t wake up or protest, but Dean felt it too cruel to take their comforter too. Instead, he grabbed his leather coat  and trudged over to the “couch.” He didn’t even look at it before he was doing an awkward belly flop on to the tough cushions.
“You’re so hot it pisses me off!” Dean dramatically groans to the ceiling, sitting up on his knees above Cas.
Castiel blushed; he’d gotten the waiting job for the winter break because the family could use the money, meager as it was. Besides, he prophesied that he wouldn’t be spending much time hanging out with Dean anyway, so it’d be nice to stay busy.
Cas’s brow furrows, “I thought you didn’t want to talk about that.”
“Hey, thanks,” Dean says, returning Cas’s look with a genuine smile.
“You tell me! You’re being extra quiet and all passive aggressive-y,” Dean says with a grimace.
Dean tries to not lose his friendly smile, but asserts, “I’ll be sure to do that.”
“Yeah, uh,” the guy finally says, voice much softer. He also clears his throat, blinking and finishing, “Yeah, a burger sounds good.”
Dean stared down Al. Al held the gaze until he whipped away, helping Asmod to his feet.
“How is it?”
The motel she manages and lives at is much closer to the roadhouse than the diner is, so she is already seated at the bar when Cas arrives.
He laid there until Samandriel came whining, then he cooked dinner. Anna came to find him and sat down with her chemistry book and notepad. They were talking about her homework when she groaned, “Lab starts tomorrow and I’m so nervous! What if I have to dissect a cow heart or something?”
Castiel blushed, “It’s no big deal.”
“Alright,” Coach Singer affirmed, stepping back.
Dean’s eyes seemed to darken even further. Castiel inhaled shakily.
“Yeah, I get it,” Dean says sympathetically, cutting Cas off before he tumbles down a rabbit hole.
“Y-yeah, need a h-hand?”
The PE teacher, Coach Singer, stomped in, calling for laps.
Castiel moaned and closed his eyes. Dean brought the other hand that had been at Castiel’s wrist to his jaw and moved Castiel’s lips back to his. Castiel kissed him, taking the opportunity to move his hand back to Dean’s hair.
That elicited a tiny smile and big ol’ blush from Castiel, and Dean smiled back fondly. Castiel was looking at Dean fully then, voice so small, “You really think all that?”
Cas is shaken out of his reverie, looking slightly embarrassed as he responds, “Nothing... Well. I guess I was just thinking. About what a coincidence it is.”
Yes, afterall, these thoughts are familiar to Cas by this point. He’s run around them day and night ever since he’d realized Dean might not be coming back.
Cas licks into Dean’s mouth as confirmation. He’s tired of talking. Cas had been dreaming of Dean staying the night, but neither of them getting much sleep. Cas allows a sliver of hope to shine over his dark thoughts.
“Castiel, Dean said you didn’t tell him that you got a job at Cus’s Place?” Anna reprimanded him from the dining area where she and Dean stood.
“I want you to fight me,” Dean pushed Castiel’s shoulder.
“Well,” Hannah says hesitantly, “If you’re sure.”
Dean grunts with a stubborn affirmation, but he does start to work harder. He pulls Cas’s waist on and off him with no control, strongly stroking the top half of Cas’s cock. Cas wants to finish yet go on forever, but this is a good direction to go in. He lets the pleasure pool in his gut, wanting to release it.
Along the way, Dean had explained the rules of some game called Kings Cup. They had shared jokes about some of the more stupid rules and Dean had to explain to Castiel several times why people even would partake in such a game. Overall, the walk had done a lot to improve Castiel’s mood.
A chill runs down Cas’s spine, “How’d you know I was here?”
Irritation twitches through Cas and he shrugs his body, trying to wriggle away from Dean’s touch without looking over to him. His tired voice groans out, “Give me a break. I’m exhausted.”
Dean is so aghast that he doesn’t know what to say. He really did think this kid was a touch dim up until now. And to know that your single dad is sexually oriented towards men too; it all feels weird to an old school Dean.
Dean bites his bone and holds tight as Cas jumps, “Why don’t you like hearing me talk about how I feel about you?”
“No problem,” Drex sat back as Castiel got up, “But actually, my shoulder is killing me…”
Castiel looked over and saw Dean staring at his beer. His thumb rubbed at the perspiration, and he didn’t look up as he replied, “Yeah.”
Castiel nodded his head in greeting. She came in and sat on the floor with her plate. Anna was only a year younger than him. Still, she had a slightly better reputation at the school, despite her being a sophomore and friendly with Castiel in public.
Castiel shook his head, still tearful but finally moving his hand away as he whispered, “You’ve been so distant...”
Dean’s eyes bulged and he leaned towards Castiel, “Oh my god! You don’t know that song?
Castiel didn’t look convinced. Dean sighed with frustration as he took a shabby decorative pillow from the floor next to the bed and showed to him, “See?” And placed the pillow vertically beside him, gesturing, “Pillow wall. No big deal.”
Cas rolls his eyes. He looks back at Dean, who’s lost his smile and is staring at Cas’s face. Cas shrinks under the gaze.
She got up and went back over to her bags. Castiel was a little nervous; Dean hadn’t explained this drinking game. He looked over to Dean, caught his eye and asked, “What is a fire line?”
“Goodnight, then, Dean,” Naomi said in a sickly fake, sweet tone.
“Okay,” Castiel said calmly, slowing her manic pace by measuring his own. He kept his voice even as he said, “You’ve already memorized the quadratic formula. You’re pretty good-”
A commercial comes on and Jack turns to Dean, “So what do you do, Dean?”
At times like that, Dean’s thoughts steer to Cas.
Dean shot Jo a dirty grin as he said, “Wrestling.”
Asmod held Castiel’s eyes for a moment longer, threatening further, “Don’t think this is over!”
Jack looks away, shrugging as he wipes down the counter.
“Then perhaps you shouldn’t,” a harsh, feminine voice sliced in.
Dean sneaks a look down the hall to make sure Cas isn’t there before turning back to Jack again, “Maybe.”
Cas shuts off his phone, hanging his head and slumps over the railing. He chugs down the rest of his beer, and turns his back on the night.
“That’s cool!” Jack replies. He thinks everything Dean does is “cool,” even though Dean doesn’t think he’s remotely cool at all.
“That’s him,” Jack whispers as he gestures over to the rude trucker at the booth, still sitting alone with just another coffee in front of him again, “The one that asked me for the wifi.”
Cas looks up to see Dean pushing his body off the wall, moving closer to Cas as he replies, “Just waiting for the weather to clear up before I hit the road.”
“Well,” Jack begins, starting to clean the counter. The next part bursts out at lightning speed: “Claire also told me to ask you if she could get off early too? For the party.”
“No, no, it’s great, it’s just,” Jack turned slowly back to Cas. His voice was a little broken as he asked, “You don’t want to live with me anymore?”
“Well I would have wanted you to tell me you were a
Dean did an actual crowding maneuver and Castiel thudded against the grass. He tried to scramble to get Dean again, but Dean grabbed his wrists and held them to the ground above Castiel’s head, locking his legs into Castiel’s at the same time.
“I want to be able to help out with the diner after I graduate,” Jack replies nonchalantly, taking a bite of food.
So yeah, maybe Cas’s situation was a little bit more complicated than Dean’s. After a moment of tense silence, Dean concedes calmly: “You’re right. Sorry I brought it up.”
He went to the cabinet mirror above his sink and wiped away the condensation. He was met by a wrinkled face, lines running from the inner corners of his eyes to his jaw that cut his cheeks. These were all things that had slowly built from his original features over time. There was no way Dean should have known it was him so easily.
“What?” Castiel didn’t understand.
The two stumbled together along the road and then Castiel was leading the way into his neighborhood. Dean kept asking him his address and Castiel kept repeating it to him. He didn’t understand why, just chalking it up to drunken stupor.
Asmod shrugged and walked along, the gang following closely behind. They stepped on papers Castiel was reaching for as they passed. Al said in a lower voice directed at Castiel, “Yeah, see you.”
“I want you in me,” Cas all but pleads.
He’s lost in thought, facing the showerhead as he hears the shower curtain pull back behind him. Dean can’t say he’s completely surprised - he and Cas had shower sex before - but he didn’t expect Cas to want to right now. Dean doesn’t mind, though, exhaling shakily as he feels Cas’s arms loop around his tender waist, chest pressing against Dean’s back.
“Wait, wait,” Meg cuts in, “Dean doesn’t know about
Castiel turned his back to Dean, took a deep breath, and did his nearly flawless back handspring into a backflip.
Castiel sighed, eyes slipping closed as he was the one to meet Dean’s lips. This kiss was much gentler than before, but almost as passionate as their first real one. Dean’s hands aren’t shy to feel Castiel. But even though Castiel had been giving him a massage earlier, his fingers seemed to fumble against Dean’s bare chest like clunky hot iron rods.
Dean looks away, feeling cornered. Dean mentally curses his own big mouth as he attacks in defense, “Why do you even care?”
“It’s not like I want you to,” Castiel slowly replied to the sky, “I’m just scared you’ll get hit by a car on your way back or something.”
Dean leans in and steals another kiss. Cas caves under his touch and they get wrapped up in one another yet again.
Cas drinks and tries to ignore Benny as he calls out to him, “Always took you for a straight shooter, Cas. Can’t ‘magine you with some guy.”
Over time cells die and regenerate in the body. After one’s mid-twenties, the cells begin to die faster than they regenerate. In the end, cells just die and organs shut off. But between birth and the inevitable death, a human regenerates all their cells many times over. And although the DNA remains the same, the body of the person is redone.
Castiel nodded and let his smile linger.
to touch him - but realized he loved the feeling of Castiel’s hand (and not just on his dick). They walked in silence, just enjoying the intimate touch.
Dean opened the side door of the building to Castiel. Light spilled out and Castiel squinted against the contrast as he entered. The room opened up to a big den area with couches, a coffee table, foosball table, and rugs spread across the floor.
Castiel heard the door close behind him as he took in the room. He felt Dean’s hand pat his back as he came to stand next to him. He said, “Welcome to the den!”
Dean is sitting at the far corner of the bar. He looks up as he picks up the coffee mug.
Castiel closed his eyes and felt Dean lightly wipe at the crust there.
Dean makes a little frown, “Eh… I’m just curious.”
Dean takes a breath and lets a little silence fall in between the lecture and his reply, “Pretty much the plan.”
Nothing.
“I’m not going to drop everything whenever you have a second to stop in,” Cas stands his ground, glaring back over to Dean, “I’m not one of your lot lizards.”
“Fuck, you look so hot right now,” Dean whispers in a tender tone.
By the time he gets home and is cleaning himself, he feels the real anxiety of hopeful anticipation settle in. Things are never as one dreams, so Cas asks himself why he had dreamed so
“Oh, she did?” Dean chuckled. Castiel’s dread was matched only by his mesmerization at hearing Dean laugh. But the dread won over as Dean added, “She’s pretty.”
Dean is already halfway through both items of food, swallowing down his mouthful as he nods, “Yeah, kind of. So, do you know who your parents are?”
Cas - still bare chested and damp, to note - steps into Dean’s personal space. Dean inhales Cas’s freshly showered body as he turns back to him, even though the man is looking away as he whispers, “Okay. But, now just isn’t a good time, Dean.”
Dean’s hand with the spit has been stroking the lower half of Cas’s cock, drool from his mouth slipping over his fingers. Looking down at Dean like this makes Cas’s mouth feel like it’s full of peanut butter.
Cas laughs and then sucks it back in, brow raised, “Yes. But that was a while ago. And by the time you’re my age you probably won’t even remember tonight.”
“What happened?” Bobby insists.
“Oh,” Castiel looked away, “Well… I don’t see why not, if Drex is alright with it.”
“Jack,” the name falling from Cas’s lips is undeniably a stern warning.
The man doesn’t reply, just studying the navigation on his phone screen. Cas clicks his pen closed and slips the pad back in his apron pocket, huffing as patiently as possible, “Alright then.”
“Let’s migrate to a booth, fellas,” Benny suggests, standing up.
“Yeah, right. The snow stopped like half an hour ago and so did you,” Hannah groans, “You’ve been down in the dumps all day. Jack’s in bed and we’re almost done here. Just go, would ya? You’ve been depressing the hell out of me all day.”
This is all very well known to Cas and, although he is not in the habit of taking out the trash himself, he could do the run with a blindfold on.
Cas feels warm liquid roll down his perineum. Dean’s thumb catches it at Cas’s balls and brings it back up to his asshole. Dean hums, “Jesus, Cas. You have so much cum in you.”
Cas replies after he sees Gadreel back in the dining area, “Oh, no. We’re fresh out.”
Bobby exhales and shakes his head, downing his drink like a shot. He puts his glass on the table in defeat, “Well, you’re your own man. I’ll let ya work on ‘er here, and y’know ‘ur welcome to stay as long as ya like. By the way, I don’t mean to be ‘impolite,’ but ya look like fuckin’ hell, son. You want to wash up before you smell up my whole joint?”
Dean almost laughed, nudging his nose against Castiel’s, “C’mon, it can’t be that bad.”
“I get it,” Cas tries not to laugh.
Cas looks behind him and sees Benny and Dean’s backs to the counter, greeting a scrawny, scruffy man who approaches.
Ash started laughing all over again, “What? You’ve only been drinking for like a month!”
“Just...let me,” was all Castiel managed to say before grinding down into him. Dean’s grip on Castiel’s thighs moved to his ass. His butt was tight, strong, and so fucking hot. Castiel’s breath came out as a moan, and his hands moved down Dean’s chest.
“Something like that,” Cas says, gesturing to the bartender for another.
The Dean from today was as good as a stranger.
“What?” Castiel was surprised; he could never have expected a proposition so outlandish.
Dean continues, “
“Oh, stop it, Dean,” Cas definitely isn’t feeling it, “That was so humiliating.”
Dean took a breath, “I don’t mean to rag on your family.”
“Night is young, sweetheart,” Benny replies. The bartender brings Cas and Meg’s drinks and starts making Benny’s classic long island. Meg drinks her beer but eyes Benny from the side.
Castiel looked back to him and was met with a confrontational glare. Castiel took a deep breath and tried to temper his flaring anger, “What do you mean?”
But then the drills began. Coach Singer called, “Okay, let’s figure out Dean’s position.”
Castiel’s eyes darted to the side, “Uh, I cleaned up alone.”
Dean continues, “You’ve never asked me about myself and I don’t ask about what’s happened to you. I thought that’s how you wanted it.”
Dean’s driving down a mountainous part of I-50 that he’s fairly unfamiliar with. After making it back to his main hub in Colorado, he’s taken an extra load to Colorado Springs before his regular run to Denver. He’d done some finances over a sticky motel table and figured he could use the extra cash - he used to do these double loads all the time five years ago.
Castiel turned to look over his shoulder just to catch Dean’s gleaming eyes looking at him as he and Anna entered the kitchen.
Dean deftly snuck his legs underneath the stiff sheets and laid his head down on the flat pillow, facing away from Castiel’s perfect massages. He squeezed his eyes closed from all the lights and commotion, forcing himself into unconsciousness.
“Oh, fuck!” Cas squeezes his eyes close as the pressure builds in his pelvis. His breathing is ragged, but he’s able to say over his shoulder, “I hate you.”
“Stop stalling and chug already,” Dean chimed in. Jo gave him a look but cracked open the beer that was made for Castiel. She chugged it as much as she could, but some spilled out of the corners of her mouth and soon she was coughing.
Dean returns to Cas, forgetting the cigarettes. He slowly kneels his creaky knees to the floor. He faces Cas’s restful countenance, sitting in the weight of today and what could possibly happen from here.
Dean pulled Castiel in more, so that their bodies were completely pressed against one another, and continued: “But I do know that you’re, like, super smart... And snarky as hell. Strong as fuck, surprisingly. Awkward in that cute way. Shy but kind. You’re my best friend, Cas... Also, you’re pretty fuckin’ hot too, so...”
Coach called all different pairs so that everybody matched each in each position. He sometimes paused them and explained something to everybody. Castiel didn’t care, didn’t listen; the same thing happened at every practice, and he also knew that he’d be called for his drills at the end.
Cas moans back, taking one hand and stroking Dean’s cock. Dean slaps Cas’s ass, and oh, fuck! That’s what Cas needed.
He looks through the peephole to see Cas. Shaking off his nerves and eye crusts from sleeping, he opens the door. Or, tries to; he hardly has unlocked the bolt and turned the knob before Cas is busting in. He looks angry as all hell, brow furrowed and intense gaze averted. Dean backs off but stays his ground, as if dancing with a bull.
Dean can’t think about that sort of thing now. Too much already on his mind, he starts to just unload on his friend: “First off, you know our situation is - weird. It’s kind of hard to cheat on someone you’re not really with… I just want to see him, is all. And I thought, y’know, he’d maybe want to see me too… Do you think he’d want to see me too? What if I’d be putting him out?”
“Um,” Dean shrugged, “Top is best?”
But he doesn’t leave just yet, his eyes readjusting and noticing something that is typically not there: a torn sheet of paper. Castiel picks it up and sees numbers scribbled on it, under it is written, “Dean”.
Cas blushes, but hides it by saying through a tight voice, “That’s pretty pathetic.”
“Yes,
A water bottle hit the back of Castiel’s head. A group of laughter erupted from the source. Castiel didn’t dare turn around, but his hands shook as he tied his shoelaces on the bench in the boy’s locker room.
“Woah, chill! I swear,” Drex’s hands were back on Dean as they pulled the top down to his waist.
The man pays them no mind and sits with a huff at the larger vacant booth that still has some dishes. Cas watches Jack meekly walk over to bus the table around the ruffian awkwardly, scanning the rest of the floor to see there are no more vacant seats. The two officers eye the large booth where the man is sitting alone, but he shows no sign of leaving. Cas notices this and manages to catch Jody’s sight from across the floor. She shrugs at him and they are about to turn to leave as he gestures for them to wait a moment.
The doctor had told Dean his recovery time would be a minimum of three months, but he doesn’t believe that so instead he told Ketch: “Six weeks. Tops.”
Dean looks down at the tub’s edge and spies the tube that Cas kept hidden away in his room. Dean feels a surge of ecstasy, letting go of Cas to bend down and get the lube.
Both his jersey coat and Dean’s leather jacket had long been torn off by their pulling and pushing. He was getting caught against Dean’s street clothes, his sneakers squeaked and scuffed the gym floor. Dean’s boots kicked at his ankles and Castiel tried to top his clunky footing.
He holds up the chili for punctuation, “Eh? Eh?”
Anna laughed and Castiel cracked a smile, but the smile was for himself. He was relieved that Anna was there and that he didn’t have to talk to Dean directly.
Cas shivers against Dean and he licks into Cas’s ear, tasting his skin. Cas’s hips start to move and Dean feels his own cock jerk against Cas’s ass as a wave of ecstasy twists through his pelvis. Dean’s remorseful that he can’t look at Cas’s face while they fuck like this, but he’s glad that Cas is at least not fighting Dean back about holding him as close as possible.
“Wow! That sounds so healthy!” Meg laughs and drinks. She waves down the bartender to make it two.
. Now that you’re out of commission.”
Dean’s breath stuttered to an end as he felt Castiel’s legs intertwine with his, the unconscious pout disappearing from Castiel’s countenance. Dean imagined he was a surgeon in a high-stakes medical soap, desperately focusing on anything but the thought about their chests touching and all the heat he felt from Castiel’s body. Instead, he licked his lips and concentrated on watching his hand as he slowly moved it forward - the only direction that wasn’t trapped.
Castiel sighed and started taking the towel off his shoulder. But Anna was already moving out of the kitchen, “I’ll get it!”
Dean observed through the dim light that Castiel’s face was redder than usual. It was pretty cold outside and Castiel wasn’t wearing a hat, but it still hit him as unusual. He swallowed back his scrutiny and held up the room key to Castiel as a response. If possible, Castiel seemed to get even redder. Dean smirked - Castiel really was bad about getting locked out, Dean decided - but had to look away in order to form words, “Could ask you the same thing.”
Dean tried to walk along, but Castiel buried his heels into the ground and Dean stopped when the tug on Castiel’s arm wouldn’t work. Dean turned back to Castiel, still holding his wrist as he persisted, “Dude!”
“Just a corporal,” Dean mutters.
“Hm, well,” Jack thinks through quick bites, “My dad is that Luci guy - the one that attacked me earlier this week.”
“Guys! Did you know?” Ash said excitedly.
Castiel pulled another card and furrowed his brow. He couldn’t remember what seven was, so he just said it aloud, “Seven.”
An odd feeling occurs; the pooled heat in Dean’s pelvis begins to spread. It first moves to his head, where he gets dizzy and begins to lose his pace, and then travels to his heart. Dean’s moans are like a cry, and he can’t stop.
“Yeah, I mean,” Dean continued as if it were a fact, “Top has all the control.”
“A quiz!” Anna explained quickly, “In trig! I totally forgot, and I’m so not prepared!”
“I guess,” Castiel shrugged, “It feels like there’s still so much to do.”
Castiel imagined if he was taken away from any of his siblings. He felt even more dreadful about his behavior to Dean before. Castiel sat up and moved off of Dean, thinking that he’d burdened him enough.
Castiel smiled to himself. He looked over to Dean and saw Dean looking at him. Castiel lost his smile at Dean’s confusing expression, but neither of them moved away.
“Shut up,” Jo said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
“Oh, you’re just now getting that?” Dean jests.
“Why would I be mad?” Cas scratchy voice replies. He can think of a million and one reasons to be upset with Dean, but not with the valiant veteran Dean that just gave him an incredible dicking.
The burger comes and Cas asks Jack to take it to the man’s table. Cas peaks over after a while only to see if he’s actually eating it, and feels a pang in his chest at seeing the man scarf it down. A small smile spreads on his face that he swiftly wipes away.
He shakes himself out of the reverie, setting the tape next to his clothes and rushes to finish getting ready. But before he leaves, he remembers to pocket the tape.
Castiel looked around the barren lot. He nodded, “Yeah, kind of.”
“And you don’t think I’m not?” Dean nearly scoffed.
And Dean was so confused - suspended in emotional whiplash. Before their talk, Dean hadn’t wanted Castiel to even touch him, but now that’s all he desired. He felt the same way about last night; in light of these events, he felt extremely silly being so cautious about being in the same bed with Castiel. After this night, he wished he’d held Castiel closer.
“What the fuck is your problem?!” Asmod screamed, tears of pain rolling down his dirty face. He huffed like a wild animal, eyes wide as he glanced over to Castiel, “He’s trash!”
Dean could feel it, and he was growing concerned that Drex might be doing more harm than good.
Cas blushes wildly, having forgotten about the sleeping picture of himself Dean had taken. His eyes shift and he kicks his foot against the ground, “You really want that?”
Dean groans and presses his eye into the palm of his hand. Yeah, it’s pretty bad. Cas isn’t saying anything, so Dean dares to look at him. Cas’s face looks troubled and brooding, as if he’s working through something in his head.
Everybody got a dish - Samandriel, Uriel, Anna, and Naomi - and sat down at different places. Castiel made his own plate as Lucifer came in with a joint lit, taking Castiel’s plate from his hands.
lend me your tolerance!” Jo whined.
Cas groans aloud but quickly zips his mouth. He shoots a look over to the woman smoking a cigarette; she didn’t seem to notice. He sighs and then returns to the phone screen. He beats himself up about his message; he’s scared Dean had taken it to heart.
The diner had a midday rush, but had gone completely quiet afterward. Jack had a rough day at school and didn’t hang out long downstairs. Cas had sent the staff home early, knowing he could handle the place for himself. They hadn’t fought back.
Castiel hand moved to hold the bottom of Dean’s cock as he started to lick back up to the tip. Dean’s useless hands at Castiel’s shoulders came to life, weaving his fingers through Castiel’s thick hair. Dean watched helplessly as Castiel’s perfect fat lips wrapped around his cockhead, heat circling around the sensitive spot.
“Look out!” Castiel heard himself call, easily breaking out of Ash’s weakened grip. But Dean was waiting for Asmod to just get close enough. He dodged the knife by grabbing Asmod’s hand and pulling him towards him. Swiftly, he put his back to Asmod’s chest and brought his hand up underneath Asmod’s elbow of the arm he had pulled. Dean punched it. There was a pop, the knife dropped, and Asmod screamed.
Dean shrugs, “I told you: rockslide. Blew a tire and slammed straight into a run off.”
There are two texts, but one of them includes a picture, which Cas notices right away. It’s a picture of himself, sleeping under the covers with the morning light on his face. God, he looks old. Cas blushes madly and quickly reads the first text: “
Cas’s eyes open and he tries to wriggle away from Dean. Dean holds fast.
“Then there’s the couch, dumbass, there’s no room here,” Dean pushed back, pretending to ignore Drex’s bit about Castiel.
” Jack’s text reads.
“Harder!” Cas demands.
be captain, though!” Raul turned to Castiel with an astonished expression.
“Dean, I don’t know if you should go to the ceremony tomorrow,” Castiel said.
Cas bites down on his lip and breathes through his nose roughly as Dean makes his hip movements shorter, buried deep inside Cas.
At the same time, Castiel’s tricky hands came to Dean’s chest, pushing his fingers in between their chests without moving away. A thumb brushed against Dean’s nipple and he gasped into Castiel’s mouth, thrusting up much harder than he intended. The movement had put too much pressure on his back and another shot of pain coursed through him as he fell back onto the lumpy, makeshift ice pack. He gasped a different way, breaking the kiss so he could grit his teeth.
Dean made to step away, but Castiel just looked at the ground, not moving. Dean was still pretty tired, so his patience felt worn. He was about to coax Castiel to come along when he felt the corner of his jacket being tugged.
Drex and Ash were sound asleep together. Dean looked around the room, but Castiel wasn’t at the window or loveseat. He bent his head to peek around the small alcove, but he couldn’t see any light coming from the bathroom.
The side of Dean’s body was riding the edge of the mattress, head barely pressing into the pillow; he was tense, to say the least. He didn’t dare close his eyes yet, and his sight had adjusted to the darkness; he looked at the small, draped window above the “couch,” thinking about how ridiculous he must look. Licking his lips and blinking his painfully tired eyes, he sighed as he slowly rolled onto his back.
“How about you go fuck yourself?” Dean asked.
Dean grinds his pelvis into Cas’s, “You saw me earlier. Figured you’d know I’d come see you.”
Castiel had shaken his head, but the footsteps were getting closer. Dean pushed Castiel and only turned back when the other boy had fully disappeared into the shadow of night. A soft clanging of metal hit the asphalt just as Castiel was out of sight. Dean’s head whipped back as he noticed, but Castiel was already out of sight. He went over to pick up what Castiel had apparently not known he’d dropped: the ring of keys to the gym. Dean wondered if he’d even locked the door; he couldn’t recall that particular detail.
But Dean’s breath was shallow and he only moved back slightly when Castiel had let him go, arms still on either side of Castiel. Castiel shook his head again, whispered more softly than he had all night, “Sorry about that. I was scared.”
Dean looked down in slight amazement to see Castiel fingers pinching onto the end of the coat, pulling on it. He subconsciously leaned in towards Castiel, a useless question forming on his lips before Castiel was there instead, kissing him.
He wants to lay there for a while, soaking in the feeling of having cum drip out of his body. But he feels Dean start to reach over, so Cas sits up to get out of his reach. Wordlessly, he gets up. He stumbles a moment, blood rushing back to his head.
Dean was breathless as he watched Castiel get on his knees, fingers still hooked on the front of Dean’s waistband. Castiel looked up at Dean and couldn’t help but bite at his lip, finally continuing to ask in a breathy tone, “Is it okay if I taste you?”
Castiel choked on his tears, “Just tell me the truth, then.”
Cas puts his hand on Jack’s shoulder. Now is not the time; Cas has too much on his mind already, and telling Jack this deserves thought and care.
By the time he’s in his apartment, he is reaching in his pocket and opening the message app. Dean’s reply is: “
Dean ducks down; Cas feels his lips and nose brush against his balls, licking past them to his perineum. Cas moans again and rocks his hips back and forth against Dean’s tongue.
“Ha!” Dean chortled cutely in surprise.
Dean gazes over to Cas and lets himself grin, “Yeah, I’ll be fine. Doc says a couple of weeks and I’m good as new. I just, uh…”
Dean can only offer his condolences for Cas’s hopeless frustration: “What a total bitch.”
He feels more than hears Dean approach. His voice comes from behind, “Would you pour me one of those, cowboy?”
Castiel’s realization of his relief to not want to be alone with Dean made him even more upset than before. And now that feeling was amplified as he and Dean walked down the dimly lit street together in silence. Castiel couldn’t tell if his heartbeat or the crickets’ call was louder.
“Thanks!” Ash called.
Once they had regained their breath, they decided to head back to their room. Dean took Castiel’s hand and held it the whole walk through the woods. He had just wanted to be touching Castiel as they walked - no,
Cas sighs and leans against the railing, cracking his beer open and taking a sip as he looks over the Christmas night.
Dean can’t believe this. He feels ultimate betrayal. Rage begins to boil over as he all but slams the door closed and hisses, “And what are you? Some kind of twink to him, huh?”
Cas turns back to Dean just as he looks away and sips his coffee. Cas all but slams the receipt on the countertop in front of Dean.
Castiel kissed Dean back, his knees buckled over Dean and his lips slid against the other’s. Dean made a noise and Castiel felt like his mind was on fire. He couldn’t believe that Dean was kissing him. Castiel’s mind reeled as the thought struck him through the heart:
“Okay,” Bobby is silent for a moment before wheeling back over to the counter to pour some more for himself, “So. Have you told Castiel about your accident yet?”
“What the hell is that even supposed to mean?” Dean scoffed.
