But no, the show must go on, and Sherlock must perform at the media circus that he hates but grits his teeth through, smiling insincerely for the cameras, accepting another useless token of appreciation that he’ll never use.
The room swam with strings of colored lights, clouds of smoke, and thumping bass. John pushed his way through the crowd holding two drinks high above his head, avoiding jostling elbows and grinding couples, occasionally nodding at a familiar face.
The air is heavy, the room warm. John’s hand lingers near the dip in Sherlock’s back, not far from his waistband.
“You're freezing!” John chastises as he helps Sherlock out of his wet coat. “And wipe his feet,” he grumbles, tossing Sherlock an old towel for Stamford’s paws. “Can't keep anything clean around here.”
“Right. No sharp objects.” Sherlock tries to smile, then looks down into his tea. “I can't even hold a razor steady.”
Disoriented, John staggered back, soon seeing the problem. “Oh God, your lip.” He reached up, almost touching the cut.
Dimmock reappeared, weaving his way toward them holding two glasses. “Lemon squash,” he announced, handing a glass to Molly.
The conversation had started off neutral enough, but the way Sherlock had looked at him -- John was certain he'd seen a hunger in his eyes, an aroused flush in his cheeks -- sparked an answering lust in him.
It’s unmistakably Captain Watson, although he’s wearing civilian clothes — a white shirt with the sleeves pushed back, braces, dark trousers. And Sherlock knows those eyes. Even in the dim light, he can see now that they are blue. Deep indigo blue.
They wrapped around each other like vines clinging to a tree, climbing toward the light. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, panting, thrusting, almost fearful of his own passion. The intensity of his orgasm flooded over him, momentarily drowning him, making him gasp.
Dad folded me in a giant hug and I squeezed back hard, realizing how much I’d missed him. Stamford pushed by our legs to get back inside the house.
John nodded in acknowledgment, then turned back to the printer. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on his neck.
John sifted through the mail as he climbed the stairs to the flat, mentally noting what to keep and what to toss. Bill, junk mail, some official looking letter for Sherlock, bill, Christmas card from Molly, junk mail, card addressed to Sherlock.
He trailed his mouth down the side of Sherlock's throat, skimmed across his collarbone, moving his hands to Sherlock's waist. It was easy to find the drawstring on his pyjama bottoms, a simple tug enough to loosen the tie, his fingers curling over the waistband. He worked the pyjamas down, exposing Sherlock, letting the soft fabric drape around his feet.
John closed the stainless steel door, lowered his head, his fist still clutching the handle, and he took a deep breath. "Sherlock." He spoke in statements, trying to keep his voice even. "Why so many peas."
“Oh, Sherlock,” John whispered, suddenly understanding Sherlock's hard exterior, the armor he wore to conceal his vulnerabilities. He fervently pressed his lips to Sherlock's neck, pushing the dressing gown away, cupping the round shoulder, wanting to protect him and consume him, filing in every empty space.
He feels John tense at the mention of the V word, threatening to ruin their easy rapport. Sherlock decides to avoid the subject.
Sherlock shifts so that he can see John’s face. The movement is enough to wake John, who comes to a focus quickly, a habit formed from years of being woken suddenly while on call.
Rain tapped against the windows, the sky a leaden grey. Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa half dozing, half watching an old black-and-white film on television. It was a sleepy Sunday, John working on his manuscript in a nearby chair, Sherlock's father reading a book in another.
“I have no idea,” Sherlock replied, fingering John’s soft lapels, already imagining sliding the jacket off John’s shoulders and running his hands over the silky back of his waistcoat.
“Wait,” Sherlock called out. He pushed the door open wider. “You might as well come inside for a bit.”
He reaches out to touch it, his fingers running down the dark wool. It’s dry. He’s been back for awhile, before the snow started.
“It’s fine.” She lowers her coat and handbag onto a chair, clasps her hands together. “You left the party early today.”
Soon the cottage came into sight. It always made me feel peaceful, seeing the warm color of the stonework and neat rows of windows. The house nestled into the curving green landscape as comfortably as a cat soaking up the sun. A few outbuildings, rangy flower beds, and a freshly tilled garden plot surrounded the cottage.
Without thinking, John places a fingertip on Sherlock’s skin. “His left shoulder is here.” John stops, realizing what he’s done.
Sherlock came to a stop, surprised by the offer. Normally he would have said no, but the thought of seeing John again was oddly tempting. Molly was waiting expectantly for his answer. “Sure.”
John sighed contentedly and placed his hand on Sherlock's knee again. “He's not going to narrate the entire history of the city, is he?” John nodded toward the driver.
He could go home, bury himself in bed. He could take a case -- any case -- a lost dog, a stolen necklace, a cheating spouse. He could fill the hours any number of ways.
He sipped at his drink and exchanged pleasantries, trying to have a good time. He eventually lingered by the buffet, deciding which dessert to sample.
John’s mouth tightened, and Sherlock could tell he was irked by his evasiveness. He pushed on with his proposal anyway. “Given the dire financial times, I need a flatmate to split the rent, and you need a room. Unless you want to stay in this charming place, of course.”
Molly shifted her gaze to him. “I don't anymore. I mean, I try not to. I know he doesn't think of me that way.” She folded her hands awkwardly. “For the longest time, I wasn't sure he knew I existed. But I always talked to him at events and things. He always seemed sort of... alone. So we're friends now, I think.” She nodded, as if agreeing with herself. “So that's nice.”
While I focused on moving my pieces around, Sherlock asked me a question. “Your dad… Does he ever go out… On dates?”
For a moment, the ice had thawed, transporting John back seven summers. For a moment, he recognized the young man he'd fallen in love with, and who may have once loved him in return.
John busied himself in the kitchen, trying not to eavesdrop on their conversation, but it was practically unavoidable in the small flat.
“Good.” He pretends to be absorbed by the article pulled up on his laptop, but he can’t concentrate. The words swim in front of his eyes, his mind constantly returning to the night before. Hannah finally walks away, leaving him to brood.
He was still amazed to be here, about to embark on a week alone with Sherlock with no chores, no studying, no parents, no expectations beyond indulging in every whim they could think of.
Trashcan John Watson -- he'll take your number and promise to call, then shag the cute guy he's been pining after for ages.
Sherlock is spared from answering when a loud scraping noise causes them both to look up at the ceiling. It sounds like a heavy piece of furniture is being dragged across the wood floor.
John's left hand seemed to rise on its own, fingertips cradling Sherlock's jaw, his thumb caressing once over Sherlock’s bottom lip, stopping beneath the fleshy middle, tilting Sherlock's chin down a fraction and to the side.
John tentatively pushed the door open and glanced in. Sherlock was lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
Perplexed, he entered the flat. Sherlock was at the kitchen table hunched over the microscope, absorbed in his work. John took off his coat and tried to look casual as he wandered into the kitchen.
The other guests mill about, chatting, laughing, eating cake topped with pastel icing, balloons and streamers bobbing and fluttering. Sherlock appraises the baby in the bassinet, and she gazes back at him from her cloud of white blankets.
Sherlock stared at John's retreating back, still in a state of shock. He looked down at his hands gripping the hat, barely able to recognize what it was.
A student stepped up to the microphone that was placed in the center aisle. “Yeah, hi, I have a question for Professor Holmes.”
He’s at the precipice of sleep when it happens, the mattress sinking slightly at the foot of the bed. He’s barely able to open his eyes, shadows flickering along the walls as his vision adjusts. It’s a dream, it must be, because a man is seated on the edge of the bed, looking back at him.
A phrase of music wended through his mind, a sonata by Brahms he had learned years ago. His mother had made him take violin lessons as a boy, while Mycroft was pushed into learning piano. Every Christmas they were forced to perform a duet when Uncle Rudy came to visit.
Distantly, he heard John’s tread on the stairs. It was slower and heavier than if Sherlock had been with him, leading him. Sherlock lifted his head as the door opened and John entered. He lit up when he saw Sherlock, the same way that Sherlock felt: energised, radiant, the whole world more colourful. A single drop of methylene blue on a microscope slide, enhancing and highlighting: revealing.
The shrill trilling sound in the otherwise silent room startled her so much she jolted with a shout. She sat up, heart beating wildly, and lunged for her phone, which was charging on the bedside table. It trilled again as she grabbed it.
“Harness,” said Sherlock, and then immediately wanted to saw off his tongue and flush it down the toilet because saying it made it worse.
As a result of my consulting work, I’m in somewhat regular contact with various members of the London medical community. I could put in a good word for you at Bart’s, for example, as I know several people on staff there.
Too late. His mind was too powerful, his imagination too eager. The deductions came like subtitles for a film he couldn’t turn off.
His fingers were too slick with lube. The phone slipped twice in his grip, leaving a sticky mess on the case, and his thumb skidded again and again across the touchscreen without it registering as a full proper swipe. Eventually, growling, Sherlock tossed it aside in frustration and wiped his hands vigorously on the bedsheets, trying to clean them. The sheets creased and moved, making his pillow slide closer.
This time, it hurts immediately. Either because Sherlock isn’t expecting it after last time or because John actually presses down a little, sinking the blade into Sherlock’s skin before he begins to move it. But whatever the reason, Sherlock’s toes curl at the sting and his jaw clenches, holding in a pained hiss.
Sherlock shimmied lower on the mattress until only her shoulders and head were propped against the headboard. John smiled, wide and sweet, and the sight made Sherlock’s heart valves flutter like a pair of wings.
“Berk,” Mrs Hudson told him, albeit fondly, while she watched him. She could hardly blame him, she supposed. She wouldn’t much like it if someone tried to force something on her head either.
Vaguely, John felt beads of sweat forming on her back and temples, and, even more vaguely, she heard the mattress begin to groan as her hips snapped faster, making the whole bed shake. Sherlock could hear that. Over the phone and also just sitting downstairs, listening and knowing that John was up here fucking her own hand like the insatiable tart that she was.
He practically scampers into the chair atop John, wedging his knees between each chair arm and either side of John’s hips. But his legs are hatefully long, and he’s too far away: his arse planted on John’s knees, John’s head ages from his own.
No, he probably wouldn’t. The first needy clench of John’s hole, and Sherlock’s resolve would crumble like a tower. He’d fall forwards, moaning and thrusting so hard and fast that the bed would rattle ceaselessly and John would only have the breath for a throaty ‘uh, uh, uh’ as he was fucked insensate.
No, John really fucking couldn’t. All he could smell was the blood, the flesh, the death. It was spreading through his consciousness like a miasma, tinting his vision a dullish red. His eyelids fluttered closed, and behind them, John saw himself sinking his teeth into the already partially eaten liver and tearing off a piece for himself. Holding it on his tongue, sucking the remaining blood from the tissue, spitting it out and tearing off another.
John was struck with a vague but undeniable sense that he was being made fun of, although he couldn’t imagine why. He managed an “Erm” before Sherlock was invading his space and herding him away, the same way he had herded John away from Sergeant Donovan earlier that night.
“All right,” John said. “Well, at least budge down a bit? So you’re not so much like a bloody gargoyle looking down at me?”
Sherlock strained upwards, and although John toyed briefly with the idea of teasing a bit, of hovering just out of reach until Sherlock gnashed her teeth and groaned and finally started to beg, she decided against it. She hunched lower, letting Sherlock nuzzle her cleavage and then take the left nipple into her mouth.
John mentally scanned through his belongings. Rosie’s clothes, toys, food; his laptop; their furniture; his gun. Replaceable, all of it. Their photos, of Mary, of all of them, together as a family for the brief time that they had been—which Sherlock had copies of, actually. Hell,
“Oh for god’s sake!” It was like the reaction of a child, how dramatically Sherlock threw up his arms and let them drop to his sides. “What did he tell you?”
The taste bloomed in his mouth, first only the drop on his tongue—rich and delicious, almost decadent—and then he could feel it all the way in his throat, a trail of warmth—like alcohol, or what he remembered of alcohol, but less of a burn and more of a shock—that travelled lower and lower until his prick, already hard, thickened to the point of aching.
Funny, you know he said the same thing about you. Also that YOU call him your archenemy, not that he calls himself it.
Sherlock blinked slowly, his eyes spending more time closed than open. “That’s… oh, that’s good. You have talented hands. Say it?”
Mr Hudson doesn’t sound like he was a very nice man. I suppose that’s why Mrs Hudson was thankful he was executed. Do you get many ‘interesting’ cases? I know you said on your website that you’ll only accept interesting ones, but it’s starting to seem like you have to lower your standards sometimes (often?).
“There we go,” John murmurs, gentling his strokes as Sherlock begins to come. “That’s it, sweetheart. You gorgeous thing. My perfect Sherlock.”
He stays still and silent, nearly shaking with anticipation, until he feels a warm wet nose nudge between his arse cheeks, followed by a smooth tongue lapping at his hole.
Oddly enough, John found that some of his apprehension had been assuaged by that. Or at least, it was better than if he’d launched into a passionate speech about how very sincere and trustworthy he was. But before John could respond, Sherlock was barrelling on.
“Christ,” John says suddenly. There’s a flinch in his tone that promptly scatters Sherlock’s afterdim. “You scratched me.”
He withdrew the dildo—Sherlock grunted in disappointment and looked positively gutted when John tossed it aside—so he could crawl to the edge of the bed and increase the speed of the sex machine. Just a bit, only a couple notches on the dial, but it was enough that Sherlock jolted with a gasp before going limp in his bindings, letting loose a long, whining moan that John couldn’t help but echo.
Sherlock’s only acknowledgement was a tiny upwards twitch of his lip. When the microwave dinged, he removed the glass and handed it to John.
“What do I think?” John shooed Sherlock’s hand away and arranged the computer herself, angling it towards Sherlock but setting it down on her own thighs. “It’s bloody expensive, that’s what I think.”
John is staring down, watching his cock disappear into Sherlock’s arsehole, with an expression of such rapture and captivation that Sherlock feels like a treasure, golden and rare. He bends his knees and brings them to his chest, baring himself as much as possible, inviting John to keep looking at him like that, to
John was being jerked around. He must’ve been. He was taking photos of the ceiling in the National Portrait Gallery for a stranger he’d met over the internet, and he was surely about to be escorted out for suspicious behaviour. There was no reason for him to step to the left and lift his phone one more time, yet he did and then sent another photo to SH.
Sherlock didn’t know what he was begging for, but it didn’t matter. He squeezed John’s hands and bent to kiss John’s forehead, although it ruined his rhythm and made his arsehole burn anew. “Anything,” he promised. “Anything, it’s yours.”
Invaluable. It was absurd, really, the jolt of satisfaction that surged through John at that one word. Wouldn’t it be nice if he’d helped solve a case? If even at this very moment a criminal was being put away simply because he had said “friction”?
When Sherlock isn’t fucking or knotting John, he is pacing in a semicircle around the breeding stand, watching him. John can see his massive black shape in his peripheral vision, and he can feel Sherlock’s stare as vividly as a physical touch, a slow continual sweep across his entire body.
Sherlock curled her lips in a snarl and started to bunch up John’s jumper even higher, along with the vest beneath it. To grope at John’s tits, probably, to try to get her wetter, and John appreciated the sentiment behind it, she did, but for
“Is that it?” John began to ask, but was interrupted by a waiter approaching their booth. The man wore dark trousers, a white shirt and a tie, and a welcoming grin, and he carried a glowing tea-light candle in a glass bowl, which he set in the centre of the table.
Turned away from John, her face obscured by her microscope, Sherlock inhaled as deeply as she dared, savouring the scent. Not the first time that she’d caught a whiff of John’s tell-tale post-masturbatory odour, but the first time that she could claim to have played a part in making John smell that way.
“Fucking hell,” John gasped. His chest heaved, and the leather stuck to his shoulders as he lifted them, squirming, oversensitive and twitching as Sherlock began to lick him clean. “Oh my god. Stop, sorry, I can’t—”
Haven’t heard from him since our first talk actually. I was just rereading our texts from yesterday and wondered.
John thought quickly, remembered the balding man leaning against his car that John had passed earlier.
‘But what,’ a little treacherous voice in John’s mind piped up, ‘are you going to do about the “Daddy” bit?’
“Yes.” With the folder removed, Sherlock shrugged off his coat in a single graceful movement and draped it over the back of his chair along with his scarf. He was wearing the same purple shirt he’d been wearing last night, albeit without the smart black suit jacket he’d worn over it.
. John wanted dearly to roll her eyes, but that had the potential to send Sherlock into a sulk for the rest of the day. “Of course you do.” She tried to keep her voice consoling but not overly so. God forbid Sherlock think she was being coddled. “Sorry. I said that poorly. I just meant that
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson cried. She hurried to follow, but was halted by another ginger and black streak tearing past. She felt the swipe of fur against her leg and stumbled back, reaching for the wall. “Sherlock!”
To amuse herself later, Mrs Hudson hung (or got Greg to hang, anyway) a sprig of mistletoe from the ceiling above the cat bed where John and Sherlock slept cuddled together most mornings.
John had to set the BlackBerry down then and spent the next several seconds staring at the wall, breathing deeply through his nose while he considered what he had got himself into and whether he wouldn’t be better off if he got himself out of it.
As the mattress sinks beneath Sherlock’s weight, however, John jolts violently and raises his arms as though he means to shield himself. Or possibly to pre-emptively attack, although if that’s the case he stops himself in time. “What—Sherlock, what are you doing?”
Groaning at the picture he must have made, Sherlock replaced John’s hands with his own. He spread himself wider, let John see how red and sore he was, how open and used.
John snorts, and Sherlock realises what an empty sentiment it is and that by trying to say it pleasantly, cheerily even, he’s made it even more so.
John stared, rubbing his jaw as he considered the text. Technically, the tea hadn’t ever finished steeping. By the time John left, it had probably been bitter as hell, completely undrinkable.
Sherlock kissed him again, gripping John’s hips and trying—clumsily, John thought and giggled into Sherlock’s mouth—to lift him so their heads were at the same height. John went to his toes, stretched his body as long as possible, and felt Sherlock shudder and moan into his mouth before pulling away.
Shaking his head, Sherlock stumbled backwards and tore off his suit jacket, which he dropped to the floor before he began to unbutton his shirt. His hands, John noticed, were shaking. “I told you: you’re unexpected. That ‘gets me going.’”
As she spoke, she peeled off her jumper and began to undo her zip. That was the best response, she thought, to coming home from work and finding that the woman you’ve been having sex with had handcuffed herself to your bed.
She was trying to be helpful, Mrs Hudson knew, which was the only reason she held her tongue and let the woman carry on.
“I think I’m right,” John said eventually, “in saying you meant for me to find you like this, yeah?”
Sherlock went after him, although he paused by the fallen bauble and did a sort of half-pounce before he seemed to remember himself and carried on out of the room.
“Shh!” John hissed, and Sherlock lowered his voice immediately, leaning over the table and hissing back.
Still, she wished she could document the sight of John’s cunt as the strap-on slipped inside: her pubic hair dark and matted with her own wetness, the skin beneath it pink and glistening.
John peered at himself in the mirror, running a hand through his hair. It ruined the overall effect, but not offensively so, so Sherlock allowed it.
When Sherlock thrusted again, words seemed to fail John. His voice dissolved into a string of moans that rose and fell with the pounding in-and-out of Sherlock’s prick in his arse. The feel of it, the slick glide of his cock (as hard as Sherlock had ever felt it now) along John’s warm tight muscles, was overwhelming even through the condom. It took all his control not to lose himself in it, to keep his focus on John—John’s pleasure, any indications of John’s pain, John’s rippling back muscles and sweat-glistening skin, John’s shoulder-heaving gasps and whimpering moans.
“I’m not going to sit here and watch you throw away perfectly good tea.” With some effort, John tried to heave himself to his feet, only for a wave of vertigo to knock him back on his arse. There was no chance Sherlock would believe he’d meant to do that, but John decided to pretend he had done anyway. He swivelled around and scowled at Sherlock over the back of his chair. “If nothing else, we could give it to Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock shut the front door behind them and strode past John into the living room, flipping on the light and then looking about. Nothing had moved since they’d left, as far as John could see. Even Sherlock’s duffle was still where it had been, on the floor beside the sofa.
I didn’t have to because it just disappeared. A bit like someone hacked into my email and deleted it actually.
With another sigh—not as heavy as it should have been given the situation, John recognised, nor was he as put off as he should have been, and for god’s sake, what was
It should fill Sherlock with glorious warmth to hear, but there’s a fissure of unease in John’s tone. There is a “but” coming. Sherlock rouses himself for it just as John begins to speak.
She was so obviously elated that John felt guilty for shaking his head. “No, sorry, not mine. It’s for a case. I won’t be moving any time soon.”
“It’s fine,” John says, reaching out with both hands to stroke the hair on either side of Sherlock’s temples. Sherlock has the distinct and unsettling feeling that he is being soothed like a spooked horse. “Those are all hard limits for me, actually, so that works out well. Well, maybe not the food bit or the discipline, but they’re not something I particularly care about, so I’m fine with avoiding them.”
Sherlock returned quickly, carrying a folder, thick with papers, which he dropped onto the floor near John’s feet. Unbuttoning his jacket, he knelt down and began to spread the folder’s contents across the carpet.
Sherlock certainly feels dirty at the moment, and also very, very impatient. “Yes,” he whispers, eyelids drooping shut. “Yes, oh. That.”
“You’ll be begging for it constantly,” Sherlock murmured. She could smell John, that same tang and musk she’d smelt that morning, although it was more potent now. Fresh. “Spreading your legs for me at all hours of the day. Mm. Maybe you
Sherlock chuckled. “Hence the popularity of the blood trade. The effect on humans is even stronger. Do you want more?”
Then, while John was putting on his shoes—the new ones that Sherlock had got him—the BlackBerry chimed again.
John closed his eyes, shuddering. He’d had sex with enough people to know that there was nothing more gorgeous than the face of a person who went silent when they came. He wondered what Sherlock’s looked like right now. Rapturous, wide-eyed and slack-jawed? Overwhelmed, pinched and tight?
Sherlock responded with another soft moan, which became a long string of moans as John continued to get him open and wet. When he was finished, John pulled his fingers out and, on a whim, wiped them across Sherlock’s chest, making the stretches of bare skin between the rope gooey and sticky. True to John’s fantasy.
It stings. Not excruciatingly, not even really unpleasantly, but just enough for Sherlock’s receptors to identify the sensation as a sting rather than a brush. His breath catches, and he pictures his skin growing pink and blotchy while John watches.
. Similar to Sherlock’s own, but slightly less pungent and with an aftertaste that was almost sweet, unlike Sherlock’s distinctly salty one.
The moment they made it to the bed, Sherlock was flopping onto his back and hauling John atop him, grasping John’s biceps and arching for John’s mouth. Both of them sighed into the kiss, their lower bodies slotted together. John pulled clumsily at Sherlock’s shirt, making Sherlock groan before he started removing John’s as well. He succeeded first, lifting John’s jumper over his head.
“Fucking hell,” John says. “This is what I meant, you know. About some people just not being fathers. I’m complete shit at this. Hell,
“You’re having second thoughts,” Sherlock recalls. His lips feel numb. He is overreacting, he knows. He is acting every bit the drama queen that John has more than once accused him of being, but he cannot seem to stop.
“Tonight,” Sherlock muttered, “this afternoon, three days ago… all of the above. I don’t—” He looked away, biting his lip and giving John an excellent view of his clenched jaw. “I don’t pretend to know what it’s like. It’s been centuries since I was changed, and I asked for it. I begged for it, in fact. And there was never any chance of my relationship with my father taking on a sexual component.”
Sherlock wasn’t in any of them—instead, because his subconscious was apparently sadistic, John dreamt of his best friend from primary school, one of Harry’s ex-girlfriends, and even Major Sholto—but John had no doubt that Sherlock was the source of them. Sherlock and his curls and his cheekbones and his arsehole and his gorgeous fucking mouth, kicking John’s libido awake after its long cold sleep.
From downstairs came the not-quite-slam of the front door, followed by Mrs Hudson’s huff of frustration.
He sat up straight so he could slip off his own coat as Sherlock did his. “Well, before I decide… Did you mean it? What you said back there.”
“Well, hello,” John said. His fingers sank into Sherlock’s curls, effortlessly finding their favoured path along his scalp. “Haven’t had you like this for a while.”
Sherlock can’t handle it, somehow. Not now. Not from Molly of all people. He scoffs, although he keeps his voice down so as not to attract John’s attention. “We’re not
“Would you mind,” John says, “marking me up a bit this time? I know we usually do it the other way round, but I thought… um.”
There was also the receiving end of anal intercourse. That was another act that was solely Sherlock’s. Unfortunately, it made Sherlock… weak. Incapable of enjoying John’s particular flavour of roughness, so John always left off and instead became profoundly, devastatingly tender. He would graze his fingertips along Sherlock’s spine and shoulders, squeeze Sherlock’s hips reassuringly with his thighs, and do his best to cradle Sherlock against him, murmuring sentimental nonsense as Sherlock trembled and sobbed and splintered into pieces.
“Sherlock.” John rested his hand on Sherlock’s wrist. His fingers were slightly sticky from the jam. “No. Just—” John laughed. It was wry, with a note of disbelief. “—dear fucking god, no. No kids.”
“Mm. So you don’t remember trying to kiss me and then coming in your pants when I pulled at your hair?”
Well. No, actually, she supposed he hadn’t been sweet with her. Not like this. John was nuzzling her palm now, purring like a motor. Mycroft had never done anything like that.
A flash of panic—John wouldn’t deny him this, he couldn’t be so cruel after Sherlock had been so good—and then Sherlock understood. A shy bladder, John fighting the part of himself that had been no doubt taught to wee only into a toilet. Sherlock tried to be patient. He shuffled backwards very slightly on his hands and knees, letting out a long pleading whine and wiggling his bottom as though he had a tail to wag.
John opened his eyes, fixating on Greg’s expression of concern and sympathy. He hadn’t moved at all even though everyone else on his team was backing away, lowering their hands from their noses to cover their necks protectively. Their heartbeats throbbed in John’s ears, their blood—
as Sherlock has always wanted him to be. Why should Sherlock be anything other than perfectly content?
With that settled, John touches Sherlock’s left hip again, and this time, Sherlock doesn’t jump. He simply swivels his head to the side, so he has a better view of John’s hands, still gloved, gently kneading Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock could hardly admit it, could he? Lestrade was in contact with John far more frequently than with Sherlock. In fact, now that he thought about it, it was more likely John had alluded to Sherlock’s dour mood rather than Lestrade deducing on his own.
Sherlock squeezed her thighs together, which—oh, oh yes, that was it. She squeezed again and arched upwards, her knees shaking, her eyes closed, and let out a small huffing moan.
He was struck with the urge to message SH, but he wasn’t sure what for. To apologise for thinking poorly of him? To ask for more details?
“Yes,” she admitted. “I’ve… climaxed from massaging my own foot. Only twice, though, and there were… extenuating circumstances.”
Sherlock pursed his lips, seeming reluctant to answer, although he eventually did. “Mycroft. It—I anticipated that you would want space when you woke up. And it hadn’t even been an hour at that point. I didn’t think anything of it until Mycroft phoned.”
Sherlock lifted his head, standing straight again but remaining close. He pressed their foreheads together, staring into John’s gorgeous blue eyes. “Ask.”
It was the last thing Sherlock wanted to do. She closed her eyes, fighting a flinch, and said nothing, although of course John wouldn’t have it. She was worse than Sherlock, sometimes, when she got a sniff of something interesting; like a bloodhound, she couldn’t be swayed, and she never forgot.
Sherlock jolted, bashing a knee into the bottom of the table as he half stood, then seemed to realise what he was doing and why. He shot John a glower that wasn’t dark enough to be anything more than show.
He sat up, fetched his dressing gown, and left for the kitchen. There, he found two steaming mugs on the table and John beside them, glancing up, seeming as surprised as Sherlock felt.
There’s a faded scar on John’s left ankle: a pale two-centimetre-long sliver where it appears the top layer was stripped from his skin. “Harry dared me to shave my legs when I was about eight,” John says when Sherlock asks. “Pressed too hard and shaved off a bit of skin. An awful mess, that was.”
“You’ve had successful relationships.” Well, not entirely true, was it? “Began them successfully, rather. Your ability to maintain them for an extended period of time is unfortunately lacking, but—”
In short: Sherlock mightn’t have been the cat that Mrs Hudson had envisioned adopting, but she adored him all the same. She wouldn’t have changed a thing about him, she thought.
Problematic. She recalled as a teenager when Mummy had tried to give her a comforting stroke, and Sherlock had nearly bit her head off and then fled, uncomfortable and confused.
There are a number of ways to test the functionality of a headset on your own, actually. I’ll write up a short guide and email it to you in a moment, just to be sure.
Sherlock huffs. “Oh, don’t let’s pretend your feelings on the subject are at all congratulatory. And yes, intercourse
He encounters several sources that argue a BDSM relationship is fundamentally incompatible with a healthy romantic relationship, and just as many sources arguing otherwise, so Sherlock abandons his computer, clasps his hands beneath his chin, and sits for several long minutes, considering.
“Whatever it is,” John interrupted, as he really didn’t care to quibble about terms. “My point is that all of this, the buying me things and the taking me to dinner and the—the trying to have sex with me. That’s not who I am. I don’t sleep with people for money and nice things.” He shoved the bag towards Sherlock, who actually flinched away from it as though stung. “So if that’s what you want—”
Sherlock thought he might cry. He abandoned all attempts to be good and keep still and he scrambled over to John, head-butting his bicep and nuzzling him, catlike and pleading.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, looking down at his violin strings with a little smirk. “Piss off, Mycroft.”
There were three, aside from John: all of them dark-haired females who bore no resemblance to SH’s description in the slightest.
He revelled in Sherlock’s cry, Sherlock’s full-body shudder as he dropped his forehead to John’s shoulder. So much for Sherlock being somehow above the temptations of sex. What would happen if John just… shoved backwards a bit? If he eased Sherlock’s cock inside him and rocked back and forth on it? He imagined Sherlock whimpering, groaning, clutching John’s hips, and driving his fangs into John’s nape because he couldn’t stand it, he needed it.
I asked about Steam because I’ve poked around in it a bit and found there’s a chat feature and a place where you can add friends and such. I thought if you had one and were all right with it, you could send me your username and I could add you as a friend. :)
Oh. Of course. This was the BlackBerry, after all. Who else would be ringing him on it? John lifted it back to his ear.
“What the fucking hell?” John muttered and then, at a loss for how to respond, returned his phone to his pocket and walked on, a bit more briskly now as anger began to rise like steam inside him.
Sherlock doesn’t know what he looks like, precisely, except that he’s on his back and fully clothed, but it must make for quite an alluring picture, because John stares down at him like he’s a miracle, not only improbable but impossible as well, and then fairly falls on top of him with a muttered “
Before he could retort, however, he realised that, no, he hadn’t been. He’d been wondering how he was going to continue to afford to live in London, dreading the day when his savings ran out. He’d been a miserable, lost, and useless bastard, dangerously close to eating his gun just to be rid of it all.
He woke sometime later to a beam of light on his face and the bed shaking rhythmically beneath him. Sherlock was sitting against the headboard with a computer open in his lap, its screen seeming unnaturally bright in the pitch-black room. His knees were bent, and he was bouncing his heels.
“Because,” Sherlock says more quietly, “she might learn eventually, or perhaps not, but either way, we like her and we—accept her, shortcomings and unthinkable mistakes and all.”
In fact, Sherlock has done little more than set his cup on the table, and John certainly can’t have already emptied his either. But they hardly need to stay here to finish them, he supposes, so he nods, and they leave.
Christ. He stopped that line of thought. He wouldn’t try to calculate the cost. If Sherlock wanted to spend thousands of pounds on John—and he heard the echo of Sherlock’s voice in his head, saying “surprisingly…
Sherlock didn’t even glance at him as he tossed three cans of soup and a package of biscuits into the bin. “Emptying the cupboards. Obviously. No point having food in the kitchen that neither of us can eat.”
John considered it. Assuming that the hypothetical creature weren’t dangerous, that he and whoever else involved were comfortable with the proceedings… but no, John couldn’t even envision that. It was too far outside the realm of possibility.
“Imagine if someday I dragged you round the room by your hair,” John says. “You’d probably come in your pants.”
Sherlock understood immediately and hurried to comply. John’s vibrator, a small stainless-steel bullet, was in the drawer of her bedside table: right at the top, easily accessible, as was the bottle of cleaning spray on its side just beside the toy. The metal was cold, so after Sherlock had cleaned it she clasped it firmly in her hand, warming it.
, Sherlock thought, and put even more of his weight onto John until he could scarcely move, his upper body pinned to the mattress with his arse still impaled on Sherlock’s cock.
The image that follows is oddly thrilling: John holding a knife to Sherlock’s throat, blood beading along a fresh cut and spilling over, dribbling down John’s hand. Sherlock’s very lifeblood staining John’s skin. The idea is so appealing it’s almost irresistible. John is a doctor, after all, and a former Army one at that—he’s been covered in the blood of countless strangers, so why shouldn’t Sherlock have the same distinction?
Instead, John sounds amused when he answers, “I told you: I’m warming you up. Have you ever been spanked before?”
“Even if it isn’t for sex,” he said, and John promptly choked on his water at the bizarre segue, “I hope you’ll come home with me soon. Mrs Hudson’s been insufferable.”
He’s been at it for less than ten minutes when his concentration is broken by the familiar sound of Mrs Hudson’s shoes on the stairs, followed by—ah, of course, Sherlock really should have expected this—
“Not exactly.” He jerked the sleeve back down, letting it go as far as his pubic hair this time before he eased it off.
. The thought bobbed suddenly above the rest, and Sherlock rolled to the side and reached for his mobile.
He kept the door open even as he pissed, just in case, and then turned the volume on the monitor until he could hear the buzzing, static-y noise over the shower.
John’s shoulders jerked, and her mouth opened around a long, breathy moan as her hips bucked and her back arched. She clutched Sherlock’s foot so hard, fingertips digging into the little hollows between her metatarsals, that Sherlock almost fancied she was capable of crushing it.
Sherlock shoves the computer aside and steeples his fingers beneath his chin, closes his eyes, and considers.
your knickers, John. Now I know how easy it is to turn you on, there won’t be a day you aren’t sopping wet. I’ll be snogging you against walls and doors, bending you over furniture, sucking at your nipples through your jumpers until even your trousers are drenched.”
Mycroft swept into the car behind him, and as soon as the door was shut, the car pulled away from the kerb.
That was slightly alarming, wasn’t it? But at the same time, John wasn’t sure he really wanted to know any more. He was quite content to carry on believing he had any privacy from the government, thanks.
“Well… yeah. I suppose so. You’re certainly happier when John’s around, and that counts for something.”
That’s what John says, at least. Seated on the sofa in 221B, staring at his own shoes, looking smaller than Sherlock has ever seen him.
“Sure. But I enjoy a lot of things. Like how you tease me with that gorgeous bottom lip of yours. Or your love affair with my scar. Or how you take my cock like it’s nothing—almost no one’s done that, you know; even a lot of women have been at least a bit intimidated.”
Just to be sure it hadn’t broken at any point in the last several weeks, he selected the camera icon on the mobile screen and snapped a photo of his hand. The result was a touch blurry, but it looked all right. The camera clearly worked, at any rate.
It made John think again of the woman at the crime scene, Sergeant Donovan: how she had claimed that Sherlock didn’t have friendswhen he clearly had at least one in Mrs Hudson and one in Angelo.
“All right.” John nodded once, a touch mechanical, and his eyebrows finally lowered. “This is becoming a very strange conversation.”
He could’ve gone slow. With oral sex, Sherlock preferred slow, usually. The build-up, the tease—not to mention the few times that he’d succeeded in getting John so worked up that his prick had begun leaking copiously, continuously, and he’d gone perfectly, eerily still under Sherlock’s mouth, just meekly watching with glassy eyes as his cock was toyed with. But somehow, the idea didn’t appeal now, and the alternative—John filling Sherlock’s throat in minutes, leaving Sherlock smouldering in his own arousal for hours—did.
“Yes.” Sherlock flopped gracelessly onto his side again and huddled even closer than before, until he was half draped over John’s back and butting his forehead into John’s shoulder just below the bullet wound. “Yes, good.”
wedding,” Sherlock said, but mildly. It was true, he supposed. White gold, platinum—it would be more ambiguous, no matter on which finger he wore it. A yellow-gold band on the ring finger was unmistakeable, undeniable.
“Mad? Unbelievable? Impossible? All adjectives that have been used to describe me, yes.” Sherlock offered a hesitant half smile that John was bizarrely tempted to return. “So. I’ll text you the address?”
“Of course he does. The location and pattern of your cat’s fur on his clothes at Christmas made it obvious enough. Very helpful, pet fur—you can always tell an animal lover from a person who barely tolerates them. Now—” Sherlock tosses his fringe from his forehead and grants Molly what he hopes is an appropriately bright, friendly grin. “—the toes?”
“Mm. In a manner of speaking, I suppose.” Sherlock’s gaze flickered down to where John’s legs were spread on either side of her hips, and John understood what she wanted even before she said it. “I thought you might find a use for my mouth.”
“Shut up.” Sherlock aimed a swift but gentle poke at John’s side, just below her underarm where she was most ticklish, and John squealed and jumped, inadvertently pushing her bottom into Sherlock’s groin. Sherlock couldn’t help but moan softly, although she stopped herself from rocking down when John settled again. “Mm. I’m experimenting. Stay still.”
“Here,” he said gruffly. “Should be slick enough if we’re quick. Ugh, I hope you’re pleased with yourself. You made me
Sherlock on his hands and elbows, moaning, out of his mind with pleasure as John fucks him from behind. One hand on his shoulder keeping him reasonably stable, the other on his hip rocking him back onto John’s cock with every thrust.
Have you given Diggy Hole a go yet? Assuming you’re amenable, how does Monday at 8 PM sound for a bit of multiplayer?
John’s forehead seemed to shrivel and shrink as his eyebrows rose, but his only spoken response was “Okay. Good.”
“Roof access.” He gestured upwards. “I need to check every backstreet nearby wide enough for a car, anywhere you could dispose of a bulky object without being observed. Stay there. I won’t be long.”
He realised a second too late that Sherlock wasn’t who he should’ve been thanking, but Sherlock accepted it with a smile anyway.
John might’ve been imagining the hint of uncertainty in Sherlock’s tone, projecting his own perhaps, but he didn’t think so.
It was worse when the plaster came off, when John took to wearing low-backed vests with her hair still up to avoid irritating the abused skin. Drawing Sherlock’s attention to it, giving her no choice but to look at the healing wound daily, watch as the swelling went down and the bruised skin darkened even further to a purplish-blue.
‘So tight, so good. Fucking ruin you. Mine. Take it, take it, please, I need it, please. Oh fuck, I need.’
So Sherlock shoved aside the very human flash of indignation and ramped up his confusion, his hurt. He lowered his hands to the floor, ducked his head, and attempted his best dog-like whine. It was too low, a bit groany, but it wiped the disapproval from John’s expression all the same.
She brought up a plate of each actually. Also sandwiches, which I put in the fridge. As far away from the eyeballs as I could get them.
The doorbell in 221B has been broken for ages, in fact, and Sherlock rather prefers it that way. With a sigh, he shuts the laptop and scoots his chair backwards. “It is when I’ve no desire to speak to the person ringing it.”
—” A firm squeeze around the thick root of John’s cock through his trousers, and then Sherlock drew his hand languidly up and down the length, stroking until it began to thicken. John dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder with a moan. “Oh, yes. This needs a wet hole to fuck. Which one, John? My mouth, my arse… maybe a toy? Does Daddy need to fetch one of your Fleshlights?”
As if he’d heard the thought—almost a possibility, as Sherlock had certainly thought it loudly and fervently enough—John shooed Sherlock’s hands away and took a large step back, until he was standing just beside the bed. “Right then. Suppose I should let you have it then, shouldn’t I?”
John hid a grin as he heard the computer clap shut, and then the bed began to shake again—but this time only long enough for Sherlock to deposit the laptop on the floor and scoot closer, lie down, and drape himself along John’s back.
But John is beside him, a soothing presence, and Lestrade looks harried, unshaven and over-caffeinated—under a great deal of pressure to solve this quickly, either mother or father is related to someone important at the Met—so Sherlock says nothing. Besides, there’s still the matter that brought him here, even when the case held no appeal and was mostly solved before Sherlock had even put on his coat.
Angelo’s would have been a far better choice, even taking into account the difference in distance from the flat. After all, their first dinner at Angelo’s had marked a beginning, even more exceptional than either of them had imagined. What better place to mark a new chapter? The symmetry would have pleased Sherlock a great deal. That they sat instead in a restaurant utterly devoid of meaning for either of them was—
“It must be. Dunno, I wasn’t paying attention. Does my game playing drive you mad? I know you said it would drive Victor mad, but—”
He rushed forwards, taking in Sherlock’s flushed and dripping skin and his heaving chest. Sherlock’s eyes were wide, unblinking, and his entire body seemed to seize with every plunge of the machine’s arm inside him.
It was only the years they had spent as friends, and now quite a lot more, that enabled John to hear the genuine uncertainty beneath the waspish tone of the question. And that was enough to convince John to swallow the whole of the lecture he’d been prepared to give, about how very badly things could have gone wrong with Sherlock alone and tied up and impaled on a massive electric machine.
Sherlock found his shoulders hunching instinctively even as he answered loftily, “I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.”
An hour after Sherlock takes his first multivitamin, he sits down at the kitchen table with the rest of the bottle, intent on scraping the coating from one of the pills and then crushing it and examining its composition.
But Sherlock couldn’t convince his arms to unwind. In fact, they tightened, his fingers clutching the back of John’s trousers. He turned so that his face was buried in John’s belly.
Case solved. Simple. The police need only get the man’s name from the mother and then locate him. Sentiment has made him stupid; he won’t have gone far from his own home, if he’s even left it at all. Sherlock’s assistance isn’t needed any longer, nor does he want to provide it. Kidnapped children are not cases that he enjoys, certainly not after the last one.
“Exactly. So if we’re going to give it a go, if we’re going to sleep in the same room and kiss and act like a couple and all that, I want to be sure we’re careful about it. Yeah?”
John heard the tantalising blub-dub of the man’s heart quicken, smelt a sudden tang to his sweat: a siren’s call to John. The man’s eyes were wide. John spied the bloodshot white around his irises and imagined holding the tender orbs between his teeth, how they would burst and gush as he bit down. His stomach gave another horrible twist and howl, and John lurched towards the man—
“I bought it this morning,” Sherlock said, smiling even more brightly. “I noticed you don’t have one, or if you do, you don’t like it enough to wear it.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock said, and bent his head to eat at John’s hole at the same time that he closed his hand around the base of John’s prick. His grip was tight but dry, a little clumsy and uncomfortable when he started to stroke.
. Yes, of course they did. And Sherlock was a well-behaved puppy; John had said so. So he gripped John’s leg tightly between his thighs and humped like a good boy, until his lungs and thighs burned and he was grunting “uh, uh, uh” with every thrust.
John skimmed his palms up Sherlock’s sides, petting him lovingly, and then he began to move. It was a gentle rocking motion, almost leisurely. Sherlock didn’t even feel when his prick withdrew, just when it nudged forwards again and again, seeming to sink deeper every time although that was surely a trick of Sherlock’s mind.
The word was considerably garbled, only barely understandable, and that even more than the sentiment made John’s cock, utterly neglected thus far and consequently swollen and throbbing like a burn, ache distractingly.
“Leave me?” The idea is so laughable Sherlock can’t summon the restraint to hold in a bark of laughter. “Not likely, not if he has even an inkling that I am still committed.” Which Sherlock always will be. Obviously. “John is unfailingly loyal. By the time that Mary died, John had lost all trust in her, and still he was absolutely, unshakeably loyal until the very end. It’s both his greatest virtue and his greatest flaw.”
“Yeah, but it packs a hell of a punch. Oh, nice. Look at that: one shotgun shell to the head and even the big guys with the masks go down.”
‘This is my life now, all however many years of it I’ve got left,’ he thought and closed his eyes, seeing such an expanse of bleakness, of grey nothingness, behind his eyelids he had the urge to throw open his desk drawer just to glimpse the pistol inside. To remind himself that it was there, within reach.
“You don’t know about the two suicides? It’s in all the papers.” Still, Sherlock only looked puzzled, even indignant about John pointing out his lack of knowledge, so John shook his head. “Never mind. So what’s this, then?”
“Sorry,” he said, still giggling helplessly. “Sorry. I’m apparently horrifying everyone around me. People are staring.”
John turned and met Mycroft’s shrewd gaze with what he hoped was a suitably stony, dangerous expression.
Then John turned the fucking machine to the lowest speed. It surged to life with a mechanical groan, and its arm retracted, withdrawing the toy until only the tip remained inside, before it plunged forwards again.
When his body had expelled everything it could, including a few thick spews of blood, he left the toilet to find all the lights in the sitting room turned on and Sherlock in his usual armchair. His blue silk dressing gown was askew, his dark hair dishevelled and sticking up in the back. There were pillow creases on one of his cheeks, and he had yesterday’s newspaper open in his lap.
Not that John got to appreciate it for long, since Sherlock followed up that first experimental suckle with a bite and a tug. John hissed, jerking backwards. It was too much, too suddenly. And anyway, even though John knew what Sherlock was thinking, the idea didn’t appeal at the moment.
John glanced down at himself. An off-whitish cable-knit jumper beneath his black coat and a pair of jeans—the very same outfit he’d been wearing this morning when he’d met Sherlock, actually. Then he looked over at Sherlock, who was dressed in a smart suit with a crisp white shirt beneath the slim-cut jacket. The suit was bespoke too, no doubt, and just one piece of it probably cost more than all of the clothes in John’s meagre wardrobe.
Still, it’s not an unpleasant thought: putting himself in Mary’s position. He wonders if being a groom would exclude him from being the best man. He rather likes the idea of being both, of being John’s best friend and husband.
For several seconds, there was nothing but the sporadic roaring of the wind. John’s stomach twisted itself into knots. His skin burned even hotter; his heart pounded harder.
John cleared his throat and sipped his coffee. It was cool by that point, fairly undrinkable. He set it back down and, although he hadn’t a clue what he intended to say, he spoke.
It would destroy Sherlock if the same happened while John was romantically involved with him. Discovering John in bed with someone else would hurt less.
Then he set about putting the new articles of clothing away while he waited for Sherlock’s reply, which arrived within two or three minutes.
<JohnHWatson> I’m not making a giant corpse in a computer game. Time has nothing to do with it. We’re meant to be getting AWAY from the bloated corpses remember?
Especially when John abandons his lips in favour of pressing hot, wet, open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s throat where the skin is sore and tender and even still stinging in places. Reminding Sherlock vividly, wonderfully, of the bruises forming. Capillaries broken, blood leaked out, likely is even still leaking out as John kisses the bitten skin. Just a few layers of tissue preventing Sherlock’s blood from smearing onto John’s tongue.
Entirely too soon, John’s legs began to tire, shake, and threaten to give under her weight. With her orgasm still a long ways off, and John still loath to risk smothering Sherlock, she said a silent goodbye to Sherlock’s gorgeous mouth and climbed off. Her thighs burning, she groaned as she fell on her arse on the bed just beside Sherlock, who echoed the sound with a great deal more frustration and strained against the handcuffs.
John pulled back, feeling blood drip down his chin and a bit of something trapped between his front teeth. As he swiped his tongue across his bottom lip, Sherlock watched avidly. His mouth was open, and although John didn’t glimpse even a hint of fang, Sherlock appeared positively starved.
Sherlock’s interest. He imagined Sherlock leaning towards him, hanging on his every word. It was a heady feeling.
You’ll notice I’m sending this email from a different account, one which is associated with my real name instead of ‘ScienceOfDeduction’. Please feel free to use this one when contacting me.
I’ve been more honest with you than I was with my therapist. We’re absolutely friends even if we’ve only met the once.
She chose a piece of skin at random—above John’s right shoulder blade, which was smooth and unmarked—and kissed it, sucked it, warmed it up slightly before she opened her mouth wide and sank her teeth into it.
, Sherlock thought, squirming, feeling all the ways the plug could stretch his tight little hole and how deep it could go.
Sherlock feels the moment that John decides not to argue, when the impulse to protest leaves him like a sigh and he gives in. Sherlock shoots him a smug glance just in time to see him lean towards Sherlock, head cocking as though he’s about to rest it on Sherlock’s shoulder. It’s a miniscule movement, and it’s over in the fraction of a second. John rights himself again quickly, his eyes narrowed and brow drawn in something between embarrassment and confusion.
Sherlock looked, and indeed it was. The plum-coloured, silver-belled leather collar he often put on when he played at being John’s pet. He’d set it there more than a week ago, expecting that John would put it away, although he obviously hadn’t. Nor had either of them even noticed it there, sitting on the sofa in plain sight. Which said rather a lot about the two of them, Sherlock supposed.
Sherlock left the ring where it was and stepped back. The chest was wooden and heavy, and the drawer make a thunk as it shut that seemed unnaturally loud in the silent flat. The silent building, really. He couldn’t even hear Mrs Hudson puttering about downstairs. Perhaps she was out or asleep.
Sherlock was breathless, his voice shaking, clearly still at least half in whatever state he’d worked himself into, yet he managed to protest. “What conversation? We’re not having a conversation.”
He didn’t even have any fetishes. Not really. Sure, he didn’t mind ropes or cuffs, ordering or being ordered about, a bit of spanking—giving or receiving—maybe even something like a hairbrush or a paddle although he’d had no experience with either. Trying to meet people on a fetish site would be far, far out of his depth, he was sure of it.
“Tell me if I do something wrong,” John said. “This is the first real cock I’ve done this to. Well, except for mine, obviously.”
She lowered herself slowly, giving John plenty of time to change her mind and shove her off, but John only closed her eyes and lay still, letting Sherlock do as she wanted.
Then the moment passed, and he realised it was only Sherlock’s hands clamped across his throat, a fingernail nicking the skin. John’s back was fighting to arch; his hands were free; his dick was pressed so firmly to Sherlock’s flexed thigh that a moan rose from his chest.
He was practically clinging to John’s hips now and swaying backwards, trying to nudge John’s fingers properly inside, although of course John wouldn’t allow it without lubricant. Lubricant that was—Sherlock thought quickly—in the bedroom at present. John would have to leave to fetch it. While he was gone, Sherlock could bend himself over the table—
“I was thinking,” John says, as Sherlock settles contentedly against him. “I might, um. Mention us, in the blog. ‘Us’ as in, not just you and me, but you and me
His nipples are more sensitive than most men’s. Sherlock knew they would be, given how John favours layering his shirts. He allows himself a moment to bask in the glow of being right, then leans back, leaving John’s right nipple as wet and hard as his left.
It didn’t matter. John thought fast, channelled Sherlock. Infinite confidence, infinite dickishness, infinite ability to talk.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock stepped forwards into John’s personal space and ducked his head, nuzzling in the general area of John’s cheek without actually touching the skin. The gesture was at once undeniably seductive and utterly innocent. John’s breathing hitched.
Of course he hasn’t. Given his heartfelt mantra of “I’m not gay,” he hasn’t felt even the desire. Until now, of course. He wants Sherlock—and the significance of that has not escaped Sherlock.
Mrs Hudson’s mask of disapproval cracks, and the corner of her mouth twitches upwards. She bends close, patting his shoulder gently, and whispers, “Good for you, dear!”
“Ah. Of course.” Sherlock stopped spinning and faced John, giving him a lingering once-over that made him feel as though he should cover himself. “Hmm. You’re angry. You feel deceived. I’ve been here this whole time, and you didn’t know it, and I
“Bye,” John said. Still avoiding Sherlock’s eyes, he spun on his heels and marched, distinctly soldier-like, towards the door. His spine was perfectly straight, both fists clenched.
It did, in a way. At least, it didn’t feel like he was sticking his erection in a cylinder of rubber, or whatever it was made from, but it also was nothing like sex, anal or otherwise. Real penetrative sex for John meant feeling his partner’s muscles ripple, hearing them gasp and groan, watching their chests heave and their expressions go slack with pleasure. None of which was possible with a toy.
John bit his bottom lip, staring up at the ceiling, but he couldn’t say it. The thought of being someone’s baby, of toddling around in a nappy and crying for his Daddy, made his hackles rise like spines and something in his chest roil.
The pain falls away, insignificant. Sherlock floats. A ship on the calm midmorning sea, water lapping gently at the hull.
He couldn’t stop himself, though, from turning to stare like an idiot as John continued into the sitting room, behaving as though he’d done nothing out of the ordinary. John set his cup of tea on the coffee table, scooped up the paper from where someone (Mrs Hudson, no doubt) had balanced it on the sofa arm, and sat with a sigh.
She remembered two nights ago, before John’s aborted attempt at reciprocation: John on her hands and knees on the bed, tossing her hair to one side and looking at Sherlock over her shoulder, sticking her bottom in the air and asking for it just like that—moaning into the pillow when Sherlock gave in and fucked her roughly from behind, saying “Please, god, please” when Sherlock kissed the dip in her spine and told her what a pretty whore she was.
“I could try biting you,” John murmurs. His thumbs sweep up and down Sherlock’s cheekbones, and then one falls to the junction between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, shoving the shirt collar easily aside. “Around here, maybe. How does that sound?”
“The murderous fetishist,” he found himself saying anyway. He’d been wondering about the details of that since the very beginning, after all. “The case you were working when you first messaged me on the site. How did you solve it?”
Then he tries to pull his own hair at the same time, and he feels so ridiculous that he can’t bear it. He stands and paces the sitting room and throws himself onto the sofa to sulk for the rest of the afternoon.
“Because I think you’d be better off finding someone else to be your—” The word stuck in John’s throat. Just thinking it in any relation to himself was mortifying. He wanted to hide his face and groan. “—your ‘sugar baby.’ There must be loads of people who’d suit you a lot better than I would.”
Sherlock sounded disconcertingly confident about that. John couldn’t even imagine what had given it away.
It’s not unpleasant, he decides. Certainly the least offensive kiss in Sherlock’s life, although that isn’t saying much.
They should have been nice, anyway, considering what they probably cost, although they didn’t feel especially different from John’s other socks. Perhaps a bit smoother, more solidly made.
. Any of those or more would do, but John didn’t care to hear it. He laughed again and effortlessly wrestled the condoms and lube from where Sherlock had completely forgotten he was grasping (and crushing) them.
John’s height isn’t ideal for every sexual activity, unfortunately. Sherlock finds it utterly impossible, for instance, to fellate him efficiently unless John is either lying down or seated very low in a chair.
You know when you warned me you might not respond for a bit, I thought it might be longer than a day before I heard from you again. Not that I’m complaining, mind! I was happy to see your name (well, ‘ScienceOf Deduction’) in my email again so soon after the last. :)
John’s hands frame Sherlock’s face, thumbs stroking just beneath Sherlock’s eyes, which he opens obligingly. The first thing he sees is John’s thumbs, both still vinyl-covered. The right is smeared with red. Sherlock’s blood.
John’s jaw drops, and he wants desperately to lower himself to his forearms and stick his bottom in the air, spread his legs wide for Sherlock’s tongue. But the breeding stand prevents it, so John can only remain where he is, slack-jawed with pleasure while Sherlock eats his arse.
“You’re not really as bad as that, you know. Once someone gets past all the prickly bits, you’re actually quite nice to talk to. And you have friends. Or you have me, at least.”
Another tussle, this one even more short-lived, with Sherlock conceding easily. He was flipped onto his back, John on him and in him. It wasn’t comfortable, the new angle or position, but the discomfort—and John’s glorious gasping moan—was pleasant in its own way. He wound himself around John’s tense, sweat-slick body, pressed his open mouth to John’s shoulder, and bit.
Particularly true from John’s perspective—John who values equality and consideration. In fact, Sherlock suspects John would find the very idea—one person purposefully injuring another person, becoming aroused and getting off while the injured party is not and does not—offensive. Unhealthy.
Sherlock had seemed frozen, and then suddenly he wasn’t. He lurched backwards into John, utterly graceless. Panicked, John realised. Rosie, jostled by the collision, threw her head back and howled.
Don’t go through with it, by the way. Even accounting for your knowledge of both firearms and the human body, it’s surprisingly easy to survive a self-inflicted gunshot. Surely you’d agree the possibility of succeeding isn’t worth the risk of failing and having to endure the consequences.
Of course it does. Because John is not a complete idiot, something for which Sherlock is usually grateful but now finds horribly inconvenient.
“An internet café.” Sherlock smiled faintly. “Also, Cynthia claimed her husband had been acting unusual in the last several months. Withdrawn, secretive, spending a great deal of time outside the home. She might’ve suspected an affair, she said, had he not been physiologically incapable of achieving an erection.”
To his surprise, he found a new email from PayPal in his inbox. Sherlock had sent him £1100 and a message.
I meant that your therapist tasked you with keeping a blog about your life, and you created one that is so dull and impersonal it’s almost farcical. I’ve got case files that are more intimate. You put in the least amount of effort you could get away with while still being able to say you did as she asked. That says you didn’t give a toss about your progress, which means you didn’t cooperate with any of her attempts to treat you. One wonders why you even bothered with therapy to begin with.
Shrugging, Sherlock hung up the towel to dry. “Smart? Hardly. He isn’t a complete idiot, I’ll grant you, but—”
Another week passed, and then another. Sherlock’s patience, a frayed cord at the best of times, was in tatters: an assortment of threads barely entwined any longer. Despite the best of his abilities, he became short and tetchy. In a mood, according to Mrs Hudson. Insufferable, according to John. John whose lips went small and thin, his gaze to the ceiling as though praying for patience, more often than Sherlock could recall in recent years.
Heaving a sigh, John gripped his cane tightly and spun round, returning to the Charles II room. Once he’d taken up the same position as before, he tried again with his phone, this time being sure to aim slightly higher. Again, the shutter sound rang out, and again he sensed the people around him turning to investigate the noise.
This time, he is vividly aware of the blood pooling immediately in the cut, collecting in drops that slowly trickle down and onto the tarpaulin, compelled by gravity to fall.
his surname—and then proceeded to take up one of John’s hands and give it a thorough shake. “An honour to meet you. You’ve managed to snatch up one of the best men in London.” Still grinning, he let go of John’s hand and reached over to clap Sherlock on the shoulder. “This man, he got me off a murder charge.”
All he said, however, was “All right,” and then he took Sherlock’s money and left, feeling more cheerful than he had in years.
He trimmed his pubic hair, which was thick and curly and a bit wild. Or at least he removed the tufts around his prick. He was somewhat less comfortable aiming sharp objects at his testicles, which were more awkward to reach. The strip of hair surrounding his arsehole was left similarly alone. Hopefully, if John had any interest in exploring either area, he wouldn’t be put off by the hair.
After Sherlock has come—long after John has, with John’s mouth on his cock and John’s come leaking from his arse—John goes to fetch a wet flannel while Sherlock drifts, half-dazed.
“Will you bite me?” John asked. “A red set of teeth marks on the back of my neck? Maybe a bruise in the shape of your mouth over my collarbone?”
It was meant to be a sort of joke, although he soon began to suspect that the tone hadn’t translated. Sherlock’s previous texts had been nearly instantaneous, arriving seconds after John had sent his. The next one wasn’t. It was a long, full minute—during which John arrived at the station, then simply stood awkwardly on the pavement outside, not wanting to miss Sherlock’s reply—before the BlackBerry chimed again.
She didn’t return to fondling her breasts as Sherlock had intended. Instead, she dipped her left hand between her thighs. There was none of the
He probably stinks something awful as well, but Sherlock, seated beside him, doesn’t seem to notice.
Sherlock lifted his chin, peering at John. He’d been dressed for work, sitting on the sofa to tie his shoes when the woman had arrived. Staying for her consultation and to clean up the tea she’d flung—surely he was terribly, terribly late for his shift at the surgery by now.
He’d gone soft at some point while being fucked, but John’s wet, eager mouth fixed that easily. John was still out of breath, panting through his nose as he sucked Sherlock’s cock, bobbing his head and fucking his own throat like he would expire if he wasn’t filled with Sherlock’s come as soon as possible.
The hand in Sherlock’s hair grows heavy, weighing his head down until his cheek is pressed against the duvet. If it were anyone else, Sherlock suspects the action might feel presumptuous and claustrophobic, but with John, it feels distinctly pleasant, even comforting. The extra point of contact, the additional mass. He imagines John fused to him: permanent, undeniable.
A shudder rolled through Sherlock’s body, and he buried his face in John’s leg with a moan that turned to a happy hum when John laid his hand on the back of Sherlock’s head and scratched.
A different, masculine voice answered, speaking too calmly and softly for Sherlock to be able to make out the words, although he suspected the man was explaining he was terribly sorry but the repair couldn’t be made until tomorrow morning at the earliest. Or, at least, that’s what the man should’ve been saying if he wanted to be paid double the cost of the repair as Sherlock had promised him.
Barely a scrape, then. It’ll take less than a week to heal, and it won’t scar. Disappointment roils in his chest. Well, Sherlock supposes, he did say “scarcely any pressure on the blade.” So it’s his own fault, really.
John quickly pulled them off. “I was just -- I found these on the stairs. You must have dropped them.” His face was burning as he thrust the limp gloves at Sherlock.
Sherlock swam away in several strong strokes, but John soon gained on him, closing the gap. John grasped his foot, pulling him back with surprising strength. They grappled, slippery and laughing, trying to push each other under the water until they grew tired.
They both ordered local microbrews, an amber for John and a pale ale for Sherlock. They talked about the end of the semester, finals week just around the corner.
“Hello,” Molly greeted him as if they were meeting at the grocer’s. “My bike’s got a flat,” she said simply.
John noted Holmes’ expensive watch and finely tailored shirt. “Hope you like cheap liquor and loud music.”
John glanced at him as he turned back to the table. “What? Oh, no. Just making some dinner. Fettuccine with prosciutto and peas, if you want some. Cream sauce. Bit of cracked pepper, Parmesan on top.”
Sherlock was seated two chairs away from him. He looked equally bored, probably counting the seconds until the Q&A session was over. It was supposed to help spark students’ interest in forensic research and career paths, but at one thirty in the afternoon, most were thinking about their next coffee or nap.
First, though, maybe they’d have breakfast, linger over coffee, actually talk. He opened his eyes and eagerly turned over in bed, expecting to be greeted by a head of dark messy hair. But Sherlock wasn't there.
John furrowed his brow, then recognition struck, lighting up his face. “Sherlock! My God, I can’t believe it. How long has it been?”
Sherlock swept John along, leading him out a set of doors to the curb lined with black town cars and limousines. He headed to a luxury sedan, helped load John's luggage into the boot, then pulled open the door to the back seat, ushering John inside.
Sherlock had almost forgotten she was standing there. She had called him a few hours ago, inviting him to come to the morgue to have a look. She was probably breaking about a hundred different rules by allowing him in the morgue, but hardly anyone ever ventured to the basement of the hospital at this hour. As the lone pathologist on night duty, she could do as she pleased.
They talk about how the city has grown, and how well Sherlock knows every street and neighborhood because of his work. There’s a natural lull in the conversation, and Sherlock rubs his feet against John’s, his mind filling again with questions.
“This is a rare social visit,” Mycroft says lightly, crossing his legs. “We should take advantage of it, don't you think?”
“You feel so good,” John praised, their noses pressed together, lips feathering over each other's mouths, his hips rolling slowly.
“Fair enough.” Sherlock held out his hand to shake on their agreement. Only when John's palm crossed over his did it strike him that this was the first time they'd touched since saying farewell nearly a decade ago. John's skin was rough and warm against his, his grip brief and strong. The contact was over in few seconds.
Sherlock coiled his legs around John's waist, canting his hips up, pressing against John's cock, making clear his desires.
He stole a glance at John: his eyes were sharp, focused on the road ahead, his hands firmly gripping the steering wheel, but his mouth was curved up in satisfaction. Sherlock could easily imagine him as a pilot flying into a firefight with that same expression. Or a surgeon taking charge of the operating room, lives dependent on his steady hands and skill.
The book slips to the floor as John’s hand slides up Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock’s heart is racing with anticipation and John’s blood is humming with gin and lust and happiness, their eyes closing, their lips meeting, then slowly parting.
“I've decided something important,” Molly said more to herself than Sherlock. “I’m going to do it. I'm going to be a doctor.”
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, crossed the hall to the bathroom, glancing at John's door. Closed.
Sherlock slowly lowers his head, tentatively brushing his lips against John’s, kissing him for the first time and the thousandth time. John’s mouth is warm, inviting another caress. Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut as John deepens the kiss, twining his fingers into his hair.
And thanks to @sherlockunravelled from whom I borrowed the descriptions of the suits because I know nothing about men’s fashion terminology.
But John can’t ask him to stop doing the work. It’s what keeps Sherlock from self-destructing. And what keeps John going day after day in his mundane-by-comparison work is Liv, and ensuring that her life is as secure as it can be.
Sherlock walked around the table, viewing the body from all angles. The man had been fit and tanned despite his current pallor, clearly an enthusiast of outdoor exercise. “Have they identified him?”
Mr. Holmes looked stricken at the thought of the car getting dirty again so soon. “Erm, maybe later this week.”
Sherlock found himself comparing his body to John’s more often than he cared to admit. Where he was lanky, John was solid; his own shoulders were narrow while John’s were broad.
They folded into the corner of the sofa, mouths delving together before their backsides even touched the leather cushions.
He waits until he fully regains his composure, then returns to the kitchen to continue his work at the microscope. He shifts in his chair, refusing to look at John, his eyes trained on the specimen slide. A temporary glitch, that’s all it was, a surprise seeing John bare-chested in his kit like that. It’s under control now. It won’t happen again.
He took his mother's advice and retrieved a volume of Shakespeare's works from the library, losing himself in
But years of experience had taught him how to take control of his own pleasure. His drew up his knees, spreading them wider, inviting John to take him deeper.
He paced a few steps. “It’s not because I was ever ashamed of how I felt. It’s because I was worried. I couldn’t picture --” he stopped, rubbed his hand agitatedly over his mouth. “I couldn’t picture being with him -- you and I living with him -- like a happy little family. It wouldn’t have worked. And I was afraid -- that if we got too close and he disappeared again, or got himself killed, or if something happened… I couldn’t do that. Not to me, and not to you.”
Sherlock smiles warmly and turns up his coat collar, thrilled at how well the night is unfolding. He holds the door open for John. “Ready?”
The sound is incessant, annoying Sherlock with its relentless cheerfulness. He swims up from a murky dream, wanting to throw a slipper at the window to startle the bird away.
“Let’s go.” John headed down the stairs. Sherlock followed, confused but intrigued. They climbed into a black car.
Sherlock groaned luxuriously, inhaling suddenly at the sensation of John's fingertip teasing his entrance, then slipping inside him. His back arched in response, a flood of new nerves aroused.
John's palm, rough and warm, slid beneath the fabric of his shirt. Fingerpads brushed over his right nipple, bringing it to a hard nub.
John gathers a few blankets and pillows and spreads them out on the rug in front of the hearth, then pulls Sherlock down next to him. They kiss in the glow of the fire, intoxicated with wine and the newness of each other, anticipating more discoveries, intimate touches and secret places on their skin, hushed sounds in the dark, impassioned whispers and moans, shared confessions.
He relaxes his muscles, allowing John to slide in deeper. It’s arousing, not being able to see how much cock is filling him, only gauging the fullness, the slow stretch as John eases in bit by bit.
The doors had been locked, the curtains closed, the bath drawn, the clothes undone, the soap lathered and rinsed. A trail of damp footprints and discarded towels led to the bed, all lights off except for one small corner lamp.
He's pulled from his reverie when the cab eases to the kerb, the engine idling. He pays and exits the car before he can change his mind.
And if John truly was suggesting something more, he wasn't ready. Despite his urges, he had never kissed anyone, had never touched anyone intimately…
He curled a hand around John's cock, his thumb circling over the head, feeling the shaft swell in his palm. He stroked and fondled, coaxing out a translucent bead of precome, smearing his thumb pad across the slit. John's eyes were dark with want, his hands cupping Sherlock's buttocks.
It’s Christmas Eve, he remembers, skeleton staff. People at home with their families eating traditional dinners, opening presents, arguing bitterly and storming off to their rooms -- or maybe that was just his family.
“I don’t really --” Sherlock stopped, not even knowing what word to use, faltering out a weak substitute. “-- socialize.”
They rose slowly to their feet, working their way back across the rocks and up the steep stairs to the top of the hill.
Sherlock lifted his eyes to John’s. “Yes.” He dropped his gaze to the photo again, his voice uncertain. “I barely recognize myself.”
They stare at each other, realizing they’re trapped, then John pounds his fist on the door. “Oi! Anybody out there? Hey!”
“Um, sure.” John glances at Sherlock, then looks away, still embarrassed. He reluctantly takes the key ring that Molly hands to him, then walks to the double doors, cursing his bad luck. The last thing he wants to do is face Sherlock after his stupid remark. He pushes through the doors and Sherlock slowly follows.
“Huh. Not a lost cause yet.” John moved to the bonnet, sliding his hand along the shiny blue surface. “What are you studying at university?”
“When this is all over, let’s meet in New York. I'll buy you a proper dinner. The finest bottle of wine. An apology for borrowing your laptop.”
John looked down at him, could see how was struggling with his grief. He stroked Sherlock's hair. “Of course.”
The premonition hit Sherlock like a blow to the gut, but he covered the pain, smiling back at John's reflection. “And you're devastatingly handsome.”
Sherlock turned around to reach for a folded towel on the bench, his cock pendulous, swinging slightly beneath the thatch of dark hair at his groin. John swallowed. God, he was more beautiful than he remembered.
“I don't know how it's possible.” Sherlock turns the petal once more between his fingers, then looks up at John. “You were right. Some things can't be explained.”
The sun bit into Sherlock's skin, finally forcing him to retreat indoors. He took a cool shower and returned to bed, trying to sleep. Another hour passed, and still John had not appeared.
Their shoulders nudge closer, knees touching, fingers brushing. John tilts his head up slightly, Sherlock slowly lowers his mouth.
“It’s as plausible as anything else at this point.” He looks away. “You can leave, if you want to,” he offers, giving her an out. “You don’t have to stay in this house.”
John thinks back to the funeral. He’d never seen Sherlock affected like that before. He put on an stoic face in public, but when they were alone, it was a different story.
He lightly ran his thumb across the photo, revisiting memories. After several minutes, he carefully placed the photo back into the box, then put away the paper and pen. He would write later, when there was more to say.
Sherlock obeys, lightheaded at the sensations flooding his system, tongues flicking and probing as their fingers massage and explore each other through their clothing.
John immediately picked out Sherlock from across the room. He had just pulled off his vest, pausing to nod at the acquaintance who had complimented his sparring. John's hands stilled as he took in the sight of Sherlock's bare chest and arms, every vein and muscle defined, a living sculpture.
“It’ll rub right off,” Sherlock murmured, leaning over to capture John’s mouth, his dressing gown sliding off one shoulder.
His gaze slowly dropped to his feet braced against the porcelain at the end of the tub, the fanned ridges of tendons leading to long, bony toes. Underwater, his scraped knuckles throbbed. He studied the planes of his shins, the fresh bruises on the knobs of his knees, the fine hair on his upper thighs, his cock floating above a thicket of coarse dark hair.
They rode, starting out slowly, then increasing in speed, laughing as they tried to race, weaving precariously close to each other. When their legs tired, they slowed again, breathing hard, the village far behind them.
Nothing like cutting to the chase, John thought with disappointment. “No, no. We’re just friends. I can give you her number, if you want.”
Mycroft lets out an irritated huff. “I said,” he speaks slowly, as if to a dimwitted child, “I have good news.”
He stops in his tracks, torn between wooing John to move in and rushing off to the crime scene. Of course he must choose John. Or maybe he can do both.
When Stamford suddenly lifts his head, Sherlock puts down his book. He soon hears the crunch of wheels on gravel. He stands, buttons his suit jacket, and adjusts his cuffs. He hears John and Olivia laughing as they dash to the door through the drizzle.
Just thinking about all the small talk and forced smiles made Sherlock tired. And now that he had gained something of a reputation as a detective, someone was bound to ask him questions about a case. On more than one occasion he had nearly ruined a meal by providing too many grisly details.
“Come in,” Sherlock says gruffly, concentrating on drawing out a precise measure of solution. His eyes are fixed on the pipette, but his ears pick up the distinct syncopation of a man with a slight limp, an intriguing detail he’d missed earlier. Sherlock shifts his gaze to the end of the bench where the doctor is standing, his stance firm as he glances around the lab.
“Neither is drinking.” Sherlock looked pointedly at John's glass, then peered at his chest. “Your flask is in your inner pocket. Almost empty.”
John flicked a strawberry stem into the grass. “There was a girl, and then there wasn’t. And then there were quite a few others, and the last one dumped an entire pint of lager into my lap because I accidentally called her the wrong name. I might have deserved that.”
John strokes Sherlock’s skin, his thumbs lingering over the two dimples nestled in his lower back. Sherlock holds his position, his heart racing with excitement. He can feel John shifting behind him, possibly lowering to his knees. John circles his palms over the globes of his buttocks, then spreads them apart, exposing the tender pink entrance. Rivulets of water trickle over the sensitive skin as Sherlock holds his breath in agonizing anticipation. It finally comes — a warm exhale, a shimmer of a touch.
For once, Sherlock had nothing to say. Instead, he wrapped a finger into the chain around John's neck, tugging him back for another salty, musky kiss.
The only advantage he had over Sherlock was his blog, which had gained a popularity that far outstripped Sherlock’s surprisingly dry website. Both he and Sherlock were frequently sought out as consultants and expert witnesses for high-profile crime cases. In addition to their academic research, both wrote about their case work for the public, but John knew the secret to success was writing for a general audience, avoiding jargon and explaining forensics in simple, approachable (and perhaps a bit sensationalistic) language.
Sherlock woke with a start, heart pounding, squinting against the sudden light. John was in his room, fully dressed, shouting.
“Who knows? A bird startled from its cover, a car backfiring on the road, someone riding by on a bicycle…"
He couldn't stay in the house anymore. He would ride to town, get a drink, stop by the book store, pretend not to look for John.
They had taken only a few steps when a large man in a dark uniform and driver’s cap stepped in front of them. “Mr. Holmes?”
“Always stand with your back to the sun. It shades the bees and gives you more light for checking the frames,” Mr. Holmes instructed.
The first few weeks, Sherlock furtively observed John over the top of his book or from the table in the shade where he worked on his studies or composed music. He wondered how John could stand to lie in the intense afternoon sun, shirt off, his skin turning golden brown, his hair becoming streaked with blonde.
And Sherlock was -- well, he just didn't seem interested in any of that. I guess you should never assume anything about people.
John was drowning in senses—their coffee-flavored kiss, the satiny sheen of the dressing gown, the heat of Sherlock’s cock in his hand, his own cock rising in salute—he groaned with contentment, rolling on top of Sherlock, pinning him under his body, his fantasy finally a satisfying reality.
The weather steadily turned cooler, the leaves changing from greens and yellows to golds and burgundies. The days grew shorter, the sun setting before John returned home in the evenings, the nights chilly.
When he checked his email, he found a message from Sherlock, sent just past seven in the morning. In it were two links, followed by:
He turned, his coat on, and wound a blue scarf round his popped collar while he considered John, sweeping his eerily unblinking gaze from John’s hair to his shoes. “Hmm. The nightmares might present a problem.”
He considered giving in and taking a cab—he had the £1100 from SH, which had been sitting untouched in his bank account—but eventually dismissed the idea. Best to save and spend it wisely. Who knew when SH would be finished with him and he’d have no more opportunities to earn more?
John glanced down, eyeing the dark little lumps beneath the thin, tight shirt. Christ. When was the last time he’d been touched? Or had even
He perhaps said that last bit too loudly. Two passing women turned to gape at him and then hurried away. Although it shouldn’t have, it made John laugh, and he ducked his head and covered his mouth (and the telephone receiver) with his hand. God, look at him—having just left therapy and now pacing outside the Tube station, gleefully envisioning someone’s very messy end.
John stretches, his lower back lifting minutely off the bed. The bedsheets dip below his pectorals, exposing the tops of his areolae, but stop before the nipples themselves. Sherlock didn’t get to examine those earlier. He has no idea if they are sensitive, if touching them would make John arch in pleasure or grimace in discomfort.
“John!” Sherlock gasped, which shook John from his stupor and uprooted his feet from where they’d felt glued to the carpet.
Sherlock mentally reviews his behaviour over the last few days. It could, he supposes, perhaps be considered distant, but… he’s sure that he was only responding to John. That John withdrew, became hesitant and stiff—
Still, John was ready to get on with it as well, so he abandoned Sherlock’s body and approached the machine waiting at the end of the bed.
The hallucinations had been a testament to the power of the human brain, John supposed, and the strength of his own grief and remorse.
John gathers up the toys and puts them back, and Sherlock waits until he’s returned to his computer and refreshed his inbox before he lets himself smile.
“You know,” John says, when Sherlock doesn’t immediately respond. “I had an interesting conversation with Mycroft the other day.”
It’s the last thing Sherlock wants to discuss now, the disaster of their last encounter, even if he knows that they’ll have to at some point. “Mind wandered,” he answers simply. “The gloves and the antiseptic. It reminded me of after I was shot, when I was in hospital. The smell, the—”
He wasn’t, of course. They were the same person. John thought ruefully that he should probably keep that in mind.
, he thought, imagined himself begging John and how John would stroke the sweaty fringe from his forehead. He let go of where he was gripping one corner of the pillow so that he could stroke his hair himself, lingering near the fake ears as John would do and totally ignoring the metal headband that held them in place. So sensitive, his scalp. He crooked his fingers and scratched and wanted to purr in pleasure. He rubbed against the pillow again, whimpering.
“Er,” John said, after he’d eased himself into a chair beside a tanned, smartly dressed woman who’d introduced herself as Lauren. “Is this… I mean, are you expecting anyone else?”
With effort, he summons the energy and presence of mind to rock his hips again, this time more forcefully and with clear intent, and John drops his head back against the sofa with a quiet stuttering moan that makes satisfaction curl round and round Sherlock’s belly. He rocks once more, adding a sluttish little wriggle that he knows will make John think of penetration, of Sherlock writhing on his wet cock.
And John might’ve done it again, except that Sherlock chose that moment to wind her arm around John’s hip and grope between John’s thighs, stroking John’s labia—which were slick now, she realised, slick and probably flushed with arousal—with her forefinger before nudging past and slipping into John’s cunt.
Sherlock appeared in the entrance, a steaming mug in each hand. She looked less confident than she had only minutes before; her shoulders and back were slightly slumped, and there wasn’t an air of self-satisfaction about her any longer.
John hadn’t enjoyed being married to Mary. Nor had he, now that Sherlock thought about it, seemed to enjoy being engaged to Mary. He’d often been eager to abandon his fiancée and their wedding planning, and when she was present he had… dimmed, somehow. Like a streetlamp behind a thick haze of fog.
The next morning, the blog had three comments. The first, unsurprisingly, was Harry (“HE?! Is he fit? Send a pic x”). The second, surprisingly, was Bill Murray (“Hi John. I tried emailing you, but it bounced back. How are things? I’m in London till the end of the month. Do you fancy meeting up?”).
He fucks Sherlock in slow but firm thrusts, and Sherlock’s entire body thrums from the pleasure of it. A throaty “uh” falls from his lips every time John’s cock plunges into him, and he arches up, rubbing his arse against John’s pubic bone and savouring how the two of them fit together, how deep inside him John can go.
Sherlock was unfathomable. He worried about asking John to get on top of him when they were snogging, but badgering him to move in was apparently acceptable. John sighed, shaking his head.
John kissed between his shoulder blades in response, feeling immeasurably fond of Sherlock, even in awe of him.
“Er.” John blinked, taken aback. This wasn’t exactly how she imagined the encounter would turn out. Although, now that she really thought about it, she wasn’t sure what she had been expecting. In fact, now she wondered why she’d consented to this at all.
Right. John had never said a word, but of course Sherlock had fucking known. Really, how couldn’t he, when John had spoken to a hallucination in front of him? He was struck with such a rush of helpless frustration—at himself, his own failures—that for a moment all he could do was close his eyes and wait for it to recede.
In case it bears repeating, I am sorry I made you uncomfortable. It never occurred to me that I could be mistaken.
Upstairs, Sherlock set Rosie on the floor, where she lurched for the assortment of toys he’d no doubt scattered about as soon as John had texted
I can’t figure out your bloody tone and I think your brother shoved all this into my face for a reason.
‘Sherlock, you filthy fucking bastard,’ John thought, staring down at himself. He’d lost some of the muscle he’d built during his time with the RAMC, but even still he had to admit that he looked… well, not awful, anyway. Maybe even attractive, if shortish, scarred, plain-looking men were your thing.
Why do you think I don’t get on with my parents? I mean, you’re right. I didn’t when they were alive (they’re both dead now, mum of cancer and da of a stroke). They certainly wouldn’t have ‘happily complied’ if I’d have gone to them when I was five and said I didn’t want to be called John any more. They kicked up enough of a fuss when my sister started going by Harry.
“Look. For… god, weeks now, I think, I’ve had this… feeling like something was off with you, with us really, but I thought….”
With a heavy sigh, John sinks into his own chair across from Sherlock’s. The distance is nearly unbearable. Sherlock wants to stretch as far as possible across the carpet and brush a leg of John’s chair with his toe.
In no time at all, his arse is on fire. It’s not the most excruciating pain he’s ever felt, but in that moment it seems the most significant. Like a patch of pavement in the sunlight or a measuring cup left on the burner in the kitchen, he feels scalded, melted. He feels like something that should be left untouched, except that John—perfect, brilliant John—touches him without reserve, as though spanking Sherlock’s arse raw isn’t hurting his hand as much as it’s hurting Sherlock.
Sherlock tended to babble, like that. About whatever came to mind, be it John’s slick arse or the mating habits of honey bees, and oftentimes he didn’t even realise until afterwards when John (chuckling, endlessly affectionate despite Sherlock’s many shortcomings) said,
It had ended all right, though. And although the experience hadn’t put Sherlock off snooping—unfortunately, John suspected nothing would accomplish that—it had at least taught him to ask about what he found, properly, instead of just acting on it.
It’s a lie, of course. Ella says little about John, and only when Sherlock mentions him. She refuses to even acknowledge that John had been her patient, much less suggest that he become her patient again. But the comment knocks the wind from John’s sails, at least. He stops shaking, and when he speaks, the anger is gone from his tone.
That might be the most alarming thing you’ve ever said to me. Which is saying a lot actually, just so you know.
Then he shut up, returned his attention to the movie. Sherlock seemed to do the same, but John knew better. He knew
, he thought, scrutinising his reflection. His crisp white button-down was tight around his chest, the buttons straining. His pressed black trousers were tight around the backside, accentuating (perhaps exaggerating) the full curve of his bottom.
‘Nutter. It’d do loads for my self-esteem, being around you,’ John thought wryly. Even when he was younger and someone actually worth fancying, no one had ever looked at him like that.
Now that Sherlock was alone, with nothing to occupy him, his erection began to flag and his arousal to weaken until it was little more than a niggle at the corners of his consciousness, easy enough to ignore. He rolled onto his back, caught a sudden whiff of John’s shampoo mingling with the lingering scent of sweat and semen.
By the tenth, his toes are curled, his thighs tense, and he’s shoved a fist into his mouth to muffle his cries. John caresses the stinging skin as the pain fades to a dull ache that is somehow immensely satisfying, even pleasurable.
“Your hand,” says John, wriggling against him, already beginning to pant. “Christ, your hand, but… I want to come into your mouth. Is that all right?”
. His hands were trembling, from nerves or oversensitivity or some mixture of the two. He gripped John’s waist to try to steady them.
John doesn’t move in immediately. He takes his time, waffling, kicking at the ashes of his grief and fury, and doubting Sherlock’s sincerity, which is surprisingly fortuitous, as it allows Sherlock to make the necessary preparations.
John stared, faintly aware that his cheeks were going warm, from indignation as much as from embarrassment. “No. No, I wasn’t—and I didn’t—”
Not just his mouth, apparently, but his throat. Sherlock sucked John down nearly to the root, which pulled a startled shout from John and upset his balance. As he planted a hand on Sherlock’s headboard to keep himself stable, Sherlock took advantage of his distraction to slide two fingers into John’s messy hole.
Sherlock jumped, his eyes snapping open. He was in his chair, elbow on each arm and his fingers steepled beneath his chin. John was in the kitchen, drying a mug with a tea towel and staring at Sherlock. His head was cocked curiously. Too far away to have heard Sherlock clearly. Sherlock’s panic receded.
John wandered in from the kitchen, holding an open milk carton and appearing thoughtful. “Your most attractive quality?”
But he said nothing. John’s nails pressed harder, no doubt leaving raised red marks on Sherlock’s shoulder. John probably thought he was being subtle—that Sherlock didn’t hear the invitation as loudly and clearly as if John had shouted it.
,” Sherlock hissed, quietly enough that it was drowned out by John throwing open the door and closing it a moment later.
At that point, he simply lies down where he is, which is in the hallway just outside the door to the loo, and rolls onto his side. John follows him, kneeling down and then sitting cross-legged just beside Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock nodded, but his expression—slack-jawed, his eyes half-lidded and unfocused—didn’t look pained at all.
John lays a gloved hand just below Sherlock’s sternum, pressing gently down and massaging his skin reassuringly, soothingly. The scalpel is abandoned, somewhere out of sight. Sherlock takes a deep, calming breath, summoning the mental image of John’s initials in his skin and the memory of John pawing at his reddened arse, loving the sight of Sherlock marked by him just as much as Sherlock loved the sensation.
It seemed a bit like talking to a child. John suspected the man wouldn’t leave off until he’d got an answer, no matter what sort of answer it was.
thinking?” John said, peering at Sherlock through narrowed eyes. “I thought for certain that the moment you found it you’d, well, do what you just did. Toss it at me and tell me to just ask already.”
“He’s not been himself, not since you died. Well, not died, obviously, but pretended to. Ever since then, he’s been….” Mrs Hudson shakes her head, sitting back in the chair and looking wistful. “He’s been nearly someone else entirely.”
‘Of course I have it,’ John nearly said, glancing down, only to discover that no, he didn’t have it at all. And he hadn’t, he realised, since he’d been seated at the table in Speedy’s, eating his breakfast and stewing over Sherlock.
Sherlock huddled closer, kissing John’s shoulder while his hand slid precisely where John wanted it. “Any objections to having your prick sucked before I leave you to sleep?” he asked.
“Well, whatever it was, it never followed you out of the house, did it? So I think we can safely say it’s the house it was attached to, not you or Rosie.”
So he ensured the suitcase banged loudly on every step as he dragged it upstairs, he left John’s bag of toiletries in the middle of the bedroom floor where John tripped over it shortly after, and when he found himself carrying an opaque white plastic container whose contents he couldn’t deduce, Sherlock didn’t hesitate to pop open the lid and peer inside.
This time, though, Sherlock wasn’t watching the moth any longer; his eyes were following John’s path. And when the moth tried to fly and John knocked it from the sky once more, Sherlock’s furry little ears twitched with interest, and his eyes seemed to glow.
“Oi! They’re in fine condition, thanks.” The soles were still intact, at least, which was all John really cared about. “And I like them.”
John let Sherlock lick him clean, at least: cupped the side of Sherlock’s head sweetly and encouragingly while Sherlock milked the last little bit from the tip and then dragged his tongue slowly along the shaft, lapping up anything he might’ve missed.
It was part of the reason Sherlock had always been so fascinated by him. Somewhere between an abandoned minefield and a live bomb, John Watson was.
“John?” said Sherlock. He sounded calm, eerily so. The sort of calm he got right before he did something spectacularly stupid, like taunt an armed criminal or flirt with an enraged demon. John responded to that tone like nothing else, because it usually meant Sherlock was about to get himself maimed. “Wait for me outside. I’ll only be a moment.”
There were cigarette burns on the underside of it. Sherlock scarcely even remembered making them, but he knew that he had. High on cocaine, ecstasy, tobacco, and whatever else, putting out his cigarette on the nearest piece of furniture so he didn’t have to get up, didn’t have to slow his thinking and direct his mind off the path towards brilliance that it had been travelling.
Sherlock dogged John’s steps for days, although he was always careful to leave a good several metres’ distance between them. He followed John to the litter tray, to the food dish, to the window he took to sleeping in in the afternoons.
“Because you’re my child.” Sherlock sounded only slightly more composed than John. His hips gave a little stuttering thrust, pushing his cock forwards. John’s hole burned as the tip began to press inside.
“Maybe later,” John says, and kisses his forehead, then the top of his head. “Feeling a bit peckish, actually. I might make a sandwich. Do you want one?”
“Multiple times in one day seemed like a lot, I suppose. Anyway. Just ignore me. I don’t know what I’m talking about. I could respond to it verbally now if you want.”
The evidence of Sherlock’s ecstasy has been written on John’s skin, as real as the bullet wound on his shoulder, albeit less permanent. Satisfaction swells between Sherlock’s ribs, curls around his sternum.
I’m not going to argue about video games with someone who had to be told that his inventory was full because he couldn’t deduce it on his own.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, as though it wasn’t suspicious at all that he had just been using John’s computer after complaining two nights ago that it was ‘completely unusable, John, how can you
“Your inbox is bursting,” he tells Sherlock one morning as he’s preparing to leave to do the week’s shopping. “If you could at least skim through your emails before it gets too out of control….”
When Sherlock had been properly collared, John stepped back and shucked his jumper, followed by the shirt beneath it, and then began to undo his zip. And, oh god yes, Sherlock knew what typically happened when he was seated or kneeling and John stood in front of him and undid his zip.
And with that, Sherlock grabbed his coat and scarf and rose to his feet, heading for the door. Heart in his throat and the whisper of
Sherlock’s heart seemed to wither in his chest. He had to swallow before he could answer. “Not really.”
John wasted only enough time to shove the eggs and the milk haphazardly into the fridge before he hurried down the hall and threw open the bedroom door.
Being sweet with her, Mrs Hudson knew, was probably not an indication of how he would be with Sherlock. After all, Mycroft had been—
On the other side, he found Sherlock, mobile phone in his hands and typing furiously. He appeared more or less the same as he had when they’d parted outside the restaurant, wearing his long black coat and blue scarf, although his hair looked a mess, like he’d got caught in a strong wind.
“You on top of me.” Sherlock said it as though he expected to be mocked for it, his shoulders tensed and raised slightly in a sort of pre-flinch.
Sherlock’s lips curled into an amused grin, and he retreated back to his side of the taxi. “If it gets too uncomfortable, you can cover part of your face as well.”
“Of course he didn’t. He purposefully offended your sense of loyalty and independence so that you would rush over here and make some grand gesture of commitment. Congratulations: you fell for it. For god’s sake, John.”
John didn’t leave Sherlock’s flat until nearly midnight, by which point Mrs Hudson had evidently gone to bed, as John made it outside without hearing so much as a peep from her flat. He was slightly disappointed about that. After what little Sherlock had told him, John was curious about her.
, he thought, groaning. How long had Sherlock been touching him like that? John didn’t know. God, he’d been so lost in feeding that he hadn’t noticed at all.
John raised a hand with one finger pointed, effectively cutting her off, just as Sherlock mounted the stairs and clambered noisily up them.
He rolled to his side, reached for the duvet, and shoved it aside, revealing a partially empty bottle of lubricant and a blue dildo. He grasped the dildo, then rolled back over and thrust it towards John so confidently that John accepted it on instinct.
Tomorrow he would be engaged. He would be free to plan a wedding (again), convince John of the benefits of being called Holmes-Watson, and get the damned ring resized so it fit snugly on the appropriate finger.
John swiftly forgot about having to pay for the coffee. As he took his seat, he peered at the folder, which bore a few stray illegible scribbles on the front and was overflowing with papers. “Have you had that in your coat this whole time?”
Sherlock had stared, his eyes going narrowed and squinty. He’d always been able to tell when John was enjoying something at his expense, and he’d always hated it.
Sherlock opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue, eager, although when John finally came, it was Sherlock’s cheeks, jaw, and chin that got the worst of it. Thick whitish spurts of ejaculate no doubt mixing with the drying remnants of urine on Sherlock’s skin as it slid down and dripped onto the floor.
“I want… a scalpel, surgical, number 10 blade. The ones in your kit will work nicely.” And more importantly, John will be most comfortable with them. “For the wounds themselves… shallow, surface-level: scarcely any pressure on the blade while the cut is being made.” As safe as possible, obviously John’s preference. “For location… chest or hips, I think.” Areas with more muscle and fat, albeit less than if he were female. Although there are a great deal of nerves on the sides of the hips and obviously the chest is a vital area of the human body, he suspects John will be less likely to balk at those than something like the inner thigh (femoral artery) or the forearm (numerous veins close to the surface).
He fetched a dressing gown—he’d gone to bed in nothing but a stained grey shirt and a pair of white Y-fronts, and no matter who was at the door, he wasn’t keen on meeting them dressed like that—before he went to the door and threw it open.
“All right,” John says suddenly, and Sherlock realises with an unpleasant jolt he’s no longer being scratched. “That’s enough, I think.”
John’s voice was level, calm. He was concerned, but not overly much. After all, Sherlock’s mind was often preoccupied with one thing or another. John probably didn’t have the slightest clue that the fault here was his.
There wasn’t any accusation in her tone, although it stung as though there had been. John almost wanted to flinch. “Er, no,” he said. “There… I mean. I haven’t got anything to write about, do I?”
“No we haven’t. I’m up in the massive warehouse-ish building. I think this is where they were spawning from, actually.”
Whoever he thought he’d find on his doorstep—neighbour, probably, or maybe a salesman—it certainly wasn’t Sherlock gazing about like he’d never seen the place before, a duffle slung over one shoulder.
“No. I—” Sherlock’s throat is dry. He swallows thickly and continues. “I don’t want to get off. I just want this some more. Is that, um…?”
Laughing, John rocked his whole body, making Sherlock sway with him in a motion not entirely different from the one he must’ve been gagging for. Sherlock cut himself off with a deep, beautiful groan and sagged forwards, mouthing against the skin of John’s back as though actual words had abandoned him. John felt untouchable, invincible. He was the only one who could do this to Sherlock, the only one Sherlock had ever allowed to see him like this.
Sherlock knew. Ever since this nonsense had begun, Sherlock had been sleeping an average of six and a half hours every night. As a result, his mind had felt duller, even occasionally—today, for instance—slow and cloudy. His thoughts seemed a soup, thick and difficult to wade through.
“Come along, John,” Sherlock said loudly. He began swiftly stripping off his coverall. “We’re done here.”
It’s ill-advised, he knows, to rut against each other whilst they’re both still clothed—it invites all manner of chafing and stains—but Sherlock hardly cares.
And with that, Sherlock spun round and left. His quick, half-stomping descent down the stairs echoed through the quiet stairway.
Dear god, why is Sherlock still here? He was meant to pick up a bag of toes, not have a heart-to-heart with Molly about John. He needn’t have even bothered with Molly. He knows very well where she keeps the body parts that she saves for him; he should have fetched them and then been off. He could be back in a taxi by now, scouring his inbox for a case.
It was worse than being naked. Hours ago he had berated Sherlock for buying him things, and here he was wearing yet another bit of clothing that Sherlock had bought him. Brilliant. How many mixed signals could John send in 24 hours?
, John thought groggily, then cut off the rest of that thought before it could send his mind down avenues it really shouldn’t be travelling. Sherlock was above sex; he’d said so multiple times. To think of him like that anyway was… well, it wasn’t good. Not good at all.
Perhaps it was typical behaviour: holding onto the ring months prior to proposing. Perhaps it meant nothing at all, just as inconsequential and incomprehensible as John’s tendency to watch football or read contrived mystery novels.
And obviously he would compose a new waltz for the occasion, although there would have to be a recording of it played at the reception if Sherlock is to be the one dancing with John. Then perhaps he could play it live for John later, when they are alone, while John watches him like the sight of Sherlock playing for him is a treasure worth more than the ring on his finger….
?” John tried to extricate himself from Sherlock’s hold, but Sherlock only tightened it. “You’re burning my home down? It’s… There are neighbours, Sherlock.”
John felt his jaw drop. “She’s one of the suicides? The—wait, you were interested because of my blog?”
Sherlock does want. He wants any hurt that John will give him. Bites, bruises, even cuts—scars, permanence. Like the bullet wound in Sherlock’s chest, still visible long after Mary has gone.
John glanced down at his leg, which didn’t hurt at all at the moment, and realised for the first time that he didn’t have his cane. In fact, it was still—he turned, squinting across the dark room—beside his bed where he’d put it before going to sleep hours ago. He’d lunged for the phone and then stood for the duration of the conversation without even a twinge of discomfort.
“Is that a real skull?” John asked, pointing towards the mantel and the very human-looking skull atop it.
He rose up onto his knees and dropped the wet ball onto John’s thigh, where it rolled off and wedged itself between John’s bare leg and the chair arm. Then he bent over, burying his nose in John’s pubic hair, inhaling as deeply as he could—and moaning a second later when the scent hit him. Sweat both dried and fresh, that familiar heavy musk of human male genitalia, and—oh, yes—a bit of urine, long dried, just a little sour. His own cock, as soft as John’s, began immediately to thicken.
Sherlock scoffed, loudly. “They don’t. They’re at least a half size too large. That much is obvious from the scuff marks and patterns of wear in the leather. The
Sherlock breathed, feeling a burning in his lungs that said he’d been neglecting that particular bodily function during the last minute or so. He was aware of the restaurant’s other occupants still watching him, their waiter standing a short distance away with a woman who was surely his manager, waiting to intervene should Sherlock display violence or try to leave without paying.
“No,” said Sherlock. There was neither visible blood on John’s skin nor the tell-tale metallic taste in her own mouth. Still, she swiped her tongue across the bite just to be sure. “No blood.”
“Hold it tighter.” If Sherlock tries to lean forwards again, John’s grip loosens immediately to allow it. Sherlock doesn’t want it to. “I want….” He licks his lips, feeling uncharacteristically shy. He thinks he might actually feel the heat of a blush on his cheeks. “I don’t want to be able to move.”
Still, it shoved again, thrusting against his chest. The wood ground against his sternum, his ribs. He imagined his entire chest cavity crushed, pounded into nothing by a piece of sodding baby furniture.
Questions shot through John’s head like missiles. What the hell was Sherlock doing? Where had he got a sex machine? How had he got a sex machine, without John knowing about it? Who had tied him up? How long had he been tied up, lying here being buggered while he waited for John to return?
Then John’s admittedly shoddy sense of self-preservation kicked in, and he turned and ran before the police arrived.
A fissure of exasperation. Sherlock concentrates on the familiarity: John not understanding, John not being able to keep up.
John tried to mentally prepare himself for anything, but somehow he was still surprised by Sherlock’s answer, which arrived a minute and a half later.
“A lot depends on the circumstances,” John answered, pillowing the phone between his ear and his shoulder while he adjusted the position of his bad leg. “Size of the flame, degree of heat, and all that. But in general, no, not likely. Most cremations take at least two hours, sometimes three.”
“Tentacles, John! Obviously. It may not be possible to obtain an appropriate cephalopodic creature, but it is possible to create a similar enough scenario. Restrained by black tendrils”—Sherlock waved towards the ropes—“at the mercy of something that doesn’t care a whit about my pleasure”—he kicked towards the fucking machine—“it’s all the same, isn’t it?”
There was a hint of discomfort in her expression, a deeper wrinkling of her forehead and a downwards quirk to her lips that wouldn’t be present if she were experiencing only pleasure. Sufficiently wet, thin but long toy, impaled directly onto it—
, knew how his brain worked almost as well as his own. It was only fitting, given how much time John had devoted to figuring him out.
Mycroft’s nose wrinkles in distaste. Sherlock considers that a point in his favour and feels justified in swanning over to his armchair and seating himself with a self-satisfied flourish.
Then, she realised that her foot was still pillowed on John’s left thigh, that John was sitting as still as a statue to avoid jostling it, and that John’s pupils were dilated, her breathing quickened, and her hips tipped up in that way she did when she was very physically aroused and very aware of it.
“Hmm.” Sherlock tilted his head, seeming rather more thoughtful and less turned-on than John had hoped. “Interesting.”
Sherlock has adored John Watson ever since. His short doctor-soldier, his blogger, his conductor of light, his best friend and flatmate and partner, his anchor and anti-noise. His everything.
John brings his hands to either side of Sherlock’s hips, framing his arse and then squeezing, plumping his cheeks. Something in the sight must be appealing, Sherlock assumes, and he tries to shove his bottom up even more, making his arse look as lovely and plump as John wants. He can feel John’s approval: a warm current humming through him.
“Nothing you’d find morally objectionable. Hopefully,” Sherlock said quickly, which confused John even further. Images of decaying body parts, like the fingers and foot from the photos in Sherlock’s folder, flitted through his mind. “Anyway. The point is, the scarf won’t be the last. Nor, erm, will the next gift, actually. I’ve got—that is, a few weeks ago I bought an item or two that I’ve been holding on to—”
In the brief pause that followed, John knew very well that Sherlock was turning the question over in his mind—realising the implication in John being the one to ask this time, after what had just transpired. Possibly he was getting excited too. Fidgeting and squirming, beaming at the phone—
“All right,” John says, indulgence thick as honey in his voice. “Let’s try five seconds, then, and we can adjust as necessary.”
Two days later, John left Ella’s office after his therapy appointment and checked the BlackBerry (stored in his left pocket of his jacket while Harry’s mobile was in his right) to find that he had four missed calls and one text message from Sherlock:
and repeatedly rewarded John’s assistance—and about the case in Islington—John’s no doubt glaring discomfort, John’s failure to tell Sherlock anything he hadn’t been able to see on his own. He thought about sex—John’s refusals (numerous now, from the gifts to the ‘Daddy’ bit on the phone) to engage in any sort of behaviour that would bring Sherlock pleasure.
“Jesus,” says Lestrade, while the crowd of surveying police officers flutters into motion around them. “That was…”
“And that’s torturous for you, isn’t it? You can still taste it and you can see how wet I still am from your mouth, how hard.”
“Byzantium?” Of course, that bloody colour that Sherlock had demanded to know the name of. John didn’t care. There weren’t words for how much John really didn’t care. “It doesn’t matter about the sheets, Sherlock.”
John had been hungry, as far as he was concerned, but it wasn’t worth arguing over. “Pretty sure I can learn my limits myself, thanks. I’m in my forties, not four.”
John tried not to grin too widely, but probably failed. Sherlock was imperious and manipulative at the best of times, downright bullying at the worst, but that word continued to give John an edge, if not a full advantage. Sherlock responded to it like a dog to a whistle, dropping everything and lifting his head.
Sherlock clambered suddenly to his feet. When Rosie lunged towards him, still fussing over being interrupted, he accepted her without hesitation.
“See,” John says, a smile in his voice, and Sherlock realises he’s closed his eyes and tipped his chin up, giving John full access to his bruised and bitten throat. “This is what you should’ve got last night, if I hadn’t been such a berk.”
“You’re being ridiculous,” she told Sherlock one morning, while he was peeking into the kitchen to watch John have a good long drink of water at the other end of the room. “He’s mostly ignored you, and you’re treating him like he’s a criminal.”
“That would certainly be up to your usual standard of poetry,” Sherlock said, and smirked widely when John snorted.
The worst of it was that Sherlock didn’t deserve any of this. John had burdened him with his anger, his violent and misplaced guilt, his mediocre attempts at cleverness, his badly handled jealousy, and all the rest of it for years. Even now, John was only here because…well, there was nowhere else he wanted to be. No one else’s help he wanted.
“Oh,” said Sherlock. He zoomed in, scanning the photo from corner to corner. “Not a domestic dispute at all. That’s
“Please. Have you met him? He’s keen on pretty much everything to do with you and me, innocent or… not.”
It was Martha Hudson’s—Mrs Hudson to most who knew her, although she hadn’t actually been a Mrs for years and didn’t miss the late Mr Hudson overly much—new tenants who put the idea in her head.
. Do you plan to spend the rest of your days lounging about, hanging on my coattails? Hm? Getting in my way, making yourself a nuisance?”
Not quite a week later, Mrs Hudson came back from Tesco to find that Sherlock had dug up the carpet just in front of the flat door. Sherlock himself was lying like a sphinx amidst the debris, peering down at the tiny bundles of carpet fibres like he expected them to start moving at any moment. His tail seemed fuzzier than normal and flopped excitedly against the floor.
Sherlock feels… something. It’s a sharp contrast to the vacuum in his chest he’d experienced the last time John confessed something to him. Rather than nothing, he feels almost full, in danger of splitting at the seams. He manages a jerky nod just as Rosie has another excited fit and hurls her toys to the floor.
“No.” A finger circles the aching rim and dips briefly inside while John hisses and clenches but doesn’t protest. “If I’d spent the entire night inside you, stuffing you full of my knot and breeding you until you were swollen with my come, I still wouldn’t be satisfied.”
“I’m so, so sorry,” she said. “Mycroft… well, he’s never been around another cat before, or at least as long as we’ve had him he hasn’t. So I suppose he got a bit overexcited. Greg thinks he was trying to play with Sherlock.”
. Understatement. She was breath-taking, sinful. Sherlock craved her worse than cocaine. There was little she wouldn’t have given in that moment to smooth John’s messy blondeish fringe from her forehead and lick a neat line from her sternum to her pubis.
Like the fact that John’s inner thighs are coated in a layer of dried come, and even more leaks from his sore, loose hole. John doesn’t need a werewolf’s senses to know he stinks of sex, stinks of
“I’m not having this conversation while you’re lying there being fucked by a sodding machine,” John snapped, returning to Sherlock’s side to study the rope binding his limbs.
Sherlock shot him a look conveying how very, very disappointed he was in John for even thinking something so idiotic, much less voicing it. “Do you think someone of your intelligence could hide even a fleeting affair from me, much less one that had progressed to the point of marriage? But that’s not the point.”
But that was fine. If it hadn’t been John, SH would’ve no doubt recruited some other poor money-hungry twat. It was better that it was John. John had been to war, after all. John had been shot and ravaged by infection and nearly killed.
That night, the image that flashed repeatedly through Sherlock’s mind was John reaching behind him, closing his fist around a thick lock of Sherlock’s hair, and yanking so hard that Sherlock’s forehead struck the top of John’s head. Saying, ‘Don’t just stand there,’ with the growly, dangerous edge to his voice that never failed to drive a sliver of lust into Sherlock’s gut. ‘
‘That can’t be good,’ John thought. ‘He’s opened and buggered with it before giving it to me.’ For all John knew, SH could have installed some sort of tracking device or a bomb… although he couldn’t imagine SH cared enough about John’s existence to go through the trouble of that.
“He squandered most of his portion of our grandparents’ inheritance on cocaine and heroin some years ago, and he’s of the opinion that charging a fee for his work is somehow beneath him—
“Good! That’s great.” Ella smiled. It was probably meant to be an encouraging sort of smile, as though John had accomplished something significant, but instead, John felt a bit like a child being rewarded for not ripping apart a colouring book. “What do you like about him?”
“Sit,” Sherlock said, tugging John forwards by the hips and manoeuvring out of the way just in time for John to fall gracelessly, cock first, onto the sofa.
Even worse. It meant John believed that Sherlock would be so inept at stimulating him that it would take ages for him to achieve orgasm.
If he were being fucked, John thinks—and fucked properly, that is, on his hands and knees with his arse in the air and his face in the carpet and Sherlock biting his neck, Sherlock’s cock in him so deep he can feel it in his throat—then maybe he could come from it. It feels like it, anyway. It’s all John can think about, how badly he wants it. How wet he is between his arse cheeks, how empty he is without a knot to plug him up, how useless he feels when he’s not being bred.
Sherlock didn’t seem bothered at all by the clumsy move. In fact, he hardly even seemed to notice at all, too intent on staring into John’s face with an expression of such uncertainty that a knot of concern formed in John’s chest.
When their drinks are finished, handed to them by the same chipper barista who’d taken the order, they sit at a two-person table to the left of the entrance. It’s small enough that their knees knock against each other, and when John takes the touch a step further and interlocks them, one of Sherlock’s knees between his and one of his between Sherlock’s, affection makes a thick knot in Sherlock’s throat.
John was long gone by the time Sherlock managed to shake himself from his stupor. Then he shot to his feet and bolted towards the stairs.
“The same, uhn, same reason bondage is comforting for some and restricting for—oh, John, that’s… mm. Combination of childhood impressions, formative experiences, subconscious motivations, oh god, put it in.” Sherlock’s head dropped forwards, banging into the mirror, and he stuck his bum up wantonly. “Now. Please. I’m finally getting hard.”
It suddenly occurred to Sherlock that he’d paid little attention to how long the ring had been in John’s drawer. Examining the box for signs of wear or age, investigating the inside of the drawer for new scuffs or changes in dust and lint patterns—none of it had crossed his mind until now.
Absolutely we should play more Diggy Hole! This time with baddies on like I said in my text earlier. I’ve got the headset installed (I think?? Hard to tell really since I can’t exactly test it on my own). How does tomorrow sound? 8:00 PM again?
Then John wakes and stumbles into the loo for a piss with all the grace and consideration with which he handles Sherlock’s experiments just before he bins them, and Sherlock’s perfect morning is shattered.
“You’re not subtle, you know. You’re anything but subtle.” John lifted her head long enough to sweep the dishevelled hair from her nape, baring the bruised skin, and Sherlock found herself staring, licking her lips. “See. Look at you. You want to bite me so badly you can taste it, can’t you?”
His hips rock forwards, trying to thrust his cock into John’s slippery grasp, but John wrenches his hair in rebuke and presses his mouth to Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock can feel John’s teeth against his skin when he growls, “Don’t you dare. After all the teasing you’ve done, standing here shaking that pretty arse at me. You’ll stay right here and fucking
Sherlock drew back, despite John’s grip on his hair which grew even more insistent and excruciating before finally letting go. With the back of one hand, he wiped the saliva from his chin, cheeks, and the tip of his nose.
. John’s arse was nestled against him, albeit clothed and at the height of his thighs rather than his cock, but it was close enough.
He liked insects, too, although he never properly hunted or killed any of them. Rather, he preferred to sit in plain view and watch them. Once, Mrs Hudson had caught him hovering over a beetle that had got stuck on its back. His pupils were blown wide, his furry ears were twitching, and his head kept cocking from one side to the other like the struggling bug was the most fascinating thing he’d ever seen. When she’d whisked it away, he had sulked, filling the silent flat with one mournful meow after another, for hours.
“Of course, rape fantasies are common,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, “and, in your particular case, might appeal to your need for control and your attraction to dangerous situations.”
Sherlock is still being coddled, apparently. Still treated like fine china as though John honestly believes eleven total blows to one arse cheek is enough to make him forget a single word. He clenches his jaw in distaste, but still answers obediently, “Hydrochloric.”
A smile which dimmed slightly, probably more from John’s reaction than anything, when Sherlock turned to him suddenly and said, “Oh, I should’ve mentioned. You’re paying.”
about you. I’ve never loved anything as much as I love you, and that you honestly don’t know that is… I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t think to say it until now.”
“Called it off.” John shrugged, kicking off her shoes. “Said he wasn’t interested in seeing me anymore. It’s weird, apparently, to have a girlfriend called John. He wanted to know why I couldn’t just go by Johanna.”
not to have been—but not often… or, rather, not publicly enough for your sister to expect or become accustomed to it. Particularly interesting considering you respond more strongly to men. Your gaze is four times more likely to linger on a man’s mouth than a woman’s and six times more likely to dip below the neck. So: stronger attraction to men, but you’re not open about it—”
And John couldn’t help it. A giggle bubbled out of her mouth. “Really? You open with the most cliché line in phone sex history?”
“Oh, no, it’s fine! I mean, it was fine in the first place. It wasn’t booming in a bad way, just sort of... you know when someone’s voice is so deep it’s like you can feel the rumble of it just as much as you can hear it?”
Awkward, uncomfortable, yet not enough to put him off. John nudged his cock head just past the entrance and, in one swift glide, buried himself inside it. Then he cared about nothing but humping that slick, warm hole until he was panting and shaking from the exertion.
Sherlock didn’t need any more encouragement, even though it took rather a lot of contortion on his part to keep himself impaled on John’s finger while he buried his face in John’s neck. He wound up half in John’s lap, straddling John’s thigh and bent over him. He bit.
“All right,” John murmured, low and soft. It was the voice he used when Sherlock had injured, overworked, or generally neglected himself. It made Sherlock want to fold his body into John’s and never come out, a sort of reverse cocoon. “I know we don’t… we don’t really talk about it, but—”
Sherlock paid her no attention, of course. He only shifted his weight slightly and continued to chirrup.
Warmth: a great wave of it in his chest, like settling down in front of a roaring fire. Sherlock couldn’t say no, not to that word, even if he wanted to.
John lifts his head, eyebrows raised. They rise even further as he scans Sherlock’s nude, still-damp body. “I beg your pardon?”
small? I’m not sure what sort of men you’ve been dating, but proportionately that’s actually quite large.”
“Ugh,” John said. “You’re thinking too much. Stop it.” She reached behind with one hand and groped at Sherlock’s hip, driving it forward and encouraging Sherlock to grind against her arse. Sherlock’s arms went weak, and she fell flat onto John with a cry. “That’s it. Bite me while you fuck me.”
Despite that, her wide-eyed, wary expression became soft and half-lidded, and she began breathing more quickly than before.
<JohnHWatson> Deleted it? The brain isn’t like a computer, you can’t just press a button and delete things.
At that, Sherlock finally looked at him, just a quick sideways glance. His lip quirked up minutely and flattened again almost immediately. “I stopped eventually.”
“—don’t watch enough films to have a favourite,” Sherlock was saying, fidgeting in either excitement or anxiety. Perhaps both. Their table began to wobble and shake, and John realised Sherlock must’ve been jostling it with his feet. “So what I’ve written was the last film I recall watching that didn’t bore me to the point of—”
Instead, John’s hands frame his face, and Sherlock’s bottom lip is kissed once, twice, before John withdraws. His demeanour is calm, unflustered, when he says, “Mm. Hurt you how?”
Mrs Hudson was nowhere in sight, and Sherlock was lying lengthwise across the sofa, staring up at the ceiling. He spared John a long, thorough look that was as probing and scrutinising as a full-body search. John tried to nonchalantly cover the dark spot on his trousers with his hands.
. Even more surprising was that the display read 8:58 a.m. John had not only slept through the night, but he had
That, combined with his current position—prone, head pillowed on his folded arms and turned towards John—should have been enough. The bedsheets were in a bundle between his thighs, and his hips were lifted, accentuating the dip in his spine and the curve of his arse. John should have abandoned the hateful task of dressing himself and climbed back into bed, covered Sherlock’s body with his own, and laid a row of wet kisses along Sherlock’s nape.
so soon?” Mycroft says calmly, as though Sherlock hasn’t just been abducted and forcibly manhandled into the back of a car under Mycroft’s orders.
An unconscious gesture, obviously, and one that he doesn’t follow through on. But Sherlock hardly cares about that, just as he is barely aware of John scooting to the other end of the sofa and lying down on his side, legs bent. Sherlock can only think of John, for a moment, his mind still groggy with sleep, recalling Sherlock’s shoulder on some instinctive level as a comfortable pillow, somewhere he’d been sleeping contentedly only a few minutes ago. Somewhere familiar. Somewhere safe.
John has birthmarks on his right thigh, his left calf, and the big toe of his left foot: all caramel-coloured, circular, uninteresting except for their potential use as identifying features.
I can’t decide if you’re deliberately going against the advice of my guide or if you’ve stopped relying on it at all. Either way, Reichenbach Falls is a notoriously difficult location to complete and, even more so than the Hounds of Baskerville, that quest should be avoided until you’re a higher level. Even at level 65, I found the Spider King (the boss I assume you’re stuck on, although perhaps you haven’t even made it that far) extraordinarily hard to defeat. I died several times before I finally managed it. So my advice is to leave Reichenbach Falls for the moment, find something else to do, and—most importantly—stop running headfirst into quests that you aren’t prepared for yet!
“Take a taxi,” said Sherlock, in a tone that said he thought John was an idiot for thinking of doing otherwise. “I’ll pay extra to cover the fare.”
That brought John up short. His anger hovered at his side, like a well-trained dog waiting for its master’s command. It was true that John had been intrigued by the money, that it had played a part in his decision to respond to Sherlock’s first message, and that for a while he’d been almost gleeful at how little he’d had to do to earn it.
,” John was saying. He sounded awed. Sherlock blinked the urine from his eyelashes to find that John looked it as well: wide-eyed, spellbound, like Sherlock was just as amazing when he was a piss-soaked dog as when he was a celebrated genius and detective. “Look at you. Such a good puppy. Good, beautifulSherlock. Come here.”
wouldn’t be remiss, given the value John puts on honesty and how he prides himself on being a trustworthy source of information.
“Ugh,” said John. The buzzing stopped, and she rolled away from Sherlock, stretching out on her stomach with her head pillowed on her forearms. She had more hair out of her ponytail now than in, and there were beads of sweat on her temples. “C’mon. Just do it already.”
Sherlock had gone slack-jawed, his eyelids fluttering to half-mast, but he shook his head. “The sheets… I’ve been dreaming for weeks of spreading you out on a set of silk byzantium sheets. It took hours of searching to find a shop online that carried that particular shade. They haven’t been dispatched yet. We can’t… John—”
“Don’t.” Sherlock’s tone wasn’t as sharp or waspish as he’d have preferred, owing at least partly to the fact that his face was buried in John’s shirt. “You communicate with your actions, not your words. Your words are rubbish.”
John sighed in frustration, but he smiled nonetheless. "Will you go get tested if I come with you?" he asked.
Damn Sherlock, he was just so cute like that. John preferred him with his beard undone and his hair unkempt, it made him look softer. Not that stiff or cold anymore, just human.
"What-?" John didn't even have the time to reply, to wonder what detail he'd missed that Sherlock was already locking his lips with his.
"No, I already know I have it. Remember, I'm the master of deduction, my dear Watson." said Sherlock.
"Weird. The thermometer says 38. 5 C° but your forehead seems to tell me otherwise." John said in all seriousness.
"Now, after you drink from this cup, I guess we'll have to throw it in the rubbish. It's contaminated with your saliva." said John, acting like an expert.
"But, John, if I go out I will spread the illness to everyone around me. But I just so happen to have a doctor in the house who could treat me himself."
"What? Impossibile, my deductions show that the two temperatures coincide." Sherlock responded, his eyes widened.
"Oh, no, this is where you're wrong, John. As a matter of fact, there is one thing you didn't predict..."
At those words, John blushed violently. He knew what Sherlock had planned, but he still found it a bit overwhelming.
"Yes, John. Take me to bed!" Sherlock basically threw himself at John and together they stumbled to Sherlock's bed.
"You won't get sick." said Sherlock, tugging at John's sleeve. It was clear he didn't want him to leave him there. "You just have to stay one metre away from me."
"I'd rather you didn't devaste our house, thank you very much. But I can't, if I get sick I'll get everyone sick, for real. I'm a doctor and people need me and-"
Sherlock's voice was throaty and his eyes were darkening. John swallowed a lump in his throat but couldn't get himself to move away from him. Sherlock was getting closer and closer to him and he found himself unable to breathe.
"Because you were basically eyefucking me, Watson. I'd say that it is elementary." Sherlock said like he'd just solved a case.
His curls were a bit damp now, which made him look so much better and manlier and something happened at the pits of John's stomach.
He knew he loved him platonically, so he had no idea that all those gazes he'd give him were filled with lingering, romantic thoughts. He preferred to appear as the emotionless Sherlock that John was used to.
"Mrs Hudson will keep her as long as we need her to." he said upon returning. He knew that it wasn't going to be that long.
"What is the emergency then?" John asked in response, confused and curious at the same time. He picked Rosie up.
"Not as much as I need you. I need you so much, John.." Sherlock basically murmured. The word John came out in a way that was almost... hot.
John's expression, as he put the thermometer onto Sherlock's armpit, was so serious and professional that the curly haired man couldn't help but squeal a little inside. He had never found the other man more attractive before.
"Of course I did, I wanted to tease you a little by playing along. You're the same old Sherlock, always manipulating people... But you've seemed to forget I can predict your every move, now." John gave his response, chuckling softly.
It felt weird at first, but it then became soft, sweet and just right. It didn't matter that Sherlock was a man, all that mattered was that he was kissing his soulmate, finally.
"Ok. I'm sure Mrs Hudson will enjoy her company." said John. He then left with his daughter and came back minutes later, without her.
"Ok then if you truly have Coronavirus, you understand I can't stay within one metre of you and I can't let you near my daughter? So either I leave or you leave." John responded.
"Then I'm going to have to put you to bed." the older man said. He knew where Sherlock was going and he was going to play with it a little.
"You think this is funny, John? I have a deadly virus, you could lose your most important person and you laugh about it?" Sherlock instantly sat up and shot his best friend a glare. "You, a doctor, should know how deadly this virus is."
"But you did it anyway, you cared for me." Sherlock replied, after licking his lips and maintaining eye contact with John.
"John. This is serious, your daughter is in danger. She's just two years old, she might get sick so I suggest you put her into Molly's care or something, while I quarantine myself here and you stay with me." he said, crossing his arms like a child would do. He then coughed again.
John rolled his eyes and shook his head. "The same old Sherlock. But tell me, how did you know I wouldn't pull you away abruptly?"
John gave his roommate a weird look. Coronavirus? Sure, there were already 100 cases in the United Kingdom, but he hardly doubted that Sherlock had actually caught it. It was a rare virus, so it was unlikely.
"You're always busy with work or Rosie and I had to find a way to get your attention." Sherlock confessed.
Sherlock was a genius, but even geniuses have flaws sometimes. He'd probably thought that John was too old to know the put-thermometer-on-lamp trick.
"I will get sick. You said it yourself, you want to get isolated." John said, as if he was stating the obvious.
at all. It's just acid reflux that made me cough a bit... I just wanted to get you to stay with me because you have no idea how much I've missed you..."
"Of course, but I'm sure you don't have it, Sherlock!" John was now laughing out loud. "Just because you have light cough, it doesn't mean it's Coronavirus. I mean, you should have a high fever or something."
"I suppose we should. I mean, what if you end up putting this cup in your mouth?" Sherlock responded. As he sipped the tea, he gave John a look.
"John, please, stay with me! It's not fun to be sick by yourself. You know I get bored easily. You don't want me to get a random gun and shoot somewhere, right?" Sherlock pleaded.
"I knew it. But I'd already figured you out, Sherlock Holmes." he responded, rolling his eyes. "You're a fraud."
John was starting to think that what Sherlock had wasn't even a virus itself, moreover a way to get his attention. He didn't hate it, in all honesty. It felt nice to have moments like that, among fighting, screaming at each other and, sometimes, even ignoring each other for long.
Sherlock was insufferable, his behaviour was childish and psychotic, most of the time, yet... He loved that fool more than his own life.
"Really? You made me leave work because you suspect having Coronavirus?" The shorter man chuckled, unable to keep his seriousness.
"Now, you will stay in bed until Coronavirus leaves you. You get in quarantine. Then I will call an ambulance and get you to the hospital. Because I won't risk getting the virus myself, as much as I care for you." said John, trying to hide a smirk.
John would often catch himself wondering why he'd chosen to put up with such an individual in his life.
"It's a bit cold. Ok, now while I sit here with this device on my underarm, why don't you," cough, "make me something, like a tea, to fight off the virus?"
"Rosie is fine... But, for precaution, I'm not going to sit anywhere beside her." Said Sherlock, just before letting out a cough in his sleeve. He was lying on the sofa, his beard undone and his hair messy. Little Rosie was on the floor, playing with a stuffed animal and emitting content gurgles.
He'd been wanting to do it for so long, ever since he'd started developing feelings for John, but he'd never found the courage to go through with it. The kiss was amazing, just like he'd imagined, full of love and just... John.
He couldn't help but love all the attention he was receiving. It was nice to be cared for, once in a while. Sherlock loved doing things by himself and solving crimes on his own, sometimes, but the company of John Watson would always make everything better. He would never say it, but he just couldn't get enough of him. Every second spent without him was pure anguish and pain, and this, him caring for him, and go as far ad putting him to bed was truly a bliss to him.
