The next time he wakes, the sun’s rays paint the horizon in dark reds and golds, barely bright enough to color the sky. Yet, Castiel’s weight remains, his breaths slow and measured against Dean’s back. For a while, he lies there and watches the sun rise through the open window, the waves gently kissing the shore. Very easily, he could play off the morning as a dream, another fantasy to keep him sane, but ever so slowly, Castiel stirs, mouthing affirmations into Dean’s shoulder, his neck, every bit of skin he can reach.
And it’s terrifying. Part of him expects the other shoe to drop, for Chuck to come back and yank it all away from him, but nothing happens. A frog croaks, something meows outside, and a bag shakes—
the pain. “I was there. You saw it. Fucking—People have died in crashes like this, and you’re telling me it’s just a wreck? Cas.” He grabs the front of Castiel’s shirt with his good hand, yanking him closer. “Look at me and tell me this was just a wreck. Look at me.”
Castiel’s brow furrows. “I think we’ve progressed past animal sacrifice. It’ll require your blood, though. That is, if you’re willing.”
Dean shushes him with a wink. “Gotta have some secrets.”
Dean watches Yellowstone for Rip Wheeler, I don't make the rules.
In the distance, the train begins to blast its horn as it passes through an intersection. Part of Castiel wonders if it actually exists, or if it’s just a figment of his imagination. “Are you from Lyle?” Castiel asks.
“I know all that,” Dean blurts, then clears his throat. “I know, Cas, but I…”
“It so is.” Dean pats him again, softer this time. After a moment, he drags Sam into a hug, an arm around his neck, the other around his back. Sam holds him just as tight, sniffling into Dean’s shoulder. “It’s good to see you, man.”
Red flushes Castiel’s cheeks, beginning to spread to his ears, down his neck. “You’re beautiful,” he says. He places his thumb to Dean’s lip, and Dean kisses it, pressing the flat of his tongue to the digit. “What would you have me do?”
. “Tonight. Do I have your permission?”
. “Did you?”
Another nod, this one slower, contemplative. “But you’re saying that Michael and Lucifer, they’re…”
“Dude,” Sam laughs. “Did you fall asleep like that?”
? “You mean—”
, he thinks, eyes pinched shut.
Dean waits until Castiel rounds the car before he opens the door. There, Castiel helps him to his feet, and Dean leans his weight into him as they walk, a bag slung over Castiel’s shoulder and Dean’s arm around his hip. Castiel is warm, soothingly so, not quite feverish but hot enough that Dean gravitates to him. His body aches with each step, and the first signs of a headache begins to tease his temples. “Wanna sleep,” he mumbles.
The afternoon comes and goes, and Dean manages a measly two-hundred words before Castiel wanders into their dorm room, his hair mussed from running his fingers through it and his eyes tired, even more than normal. He carries with him a takeout bag from the barbecue place in the center of town, and Dean gladly abandons his days’ work in favor of eating away his feelings.
Castiel stares out the kitchen window, at the fully set sun and the lone tree bowing in the breeze. “I’d hate to have to die.”
“I’m new,” Castiel answers. The man’s eyes widen, then narrow, his jaw clenching. “Castiel.”
Anyone else, and he might tell them to back off while they have the chance. Anyone else, and he might leave the room, or scream and fight. But Castiel coaxes him with little more than his touch, and allows Dean to rest with his back to Castiel’s chest. His heart beats through his shirt; Dean concentrates on the steady pulse while Castiel covers his eyes, his palm blocking out all traces of light. His other hand, he rests atop the gash marring Dean’s stomach, and the matching bruise to go with it.
“I feel like it,” Castiel mumbles. From his side, he picks up a travel mug and brings it to his lips. The scent of coffee meets Dean’s nose, demanding his attention. “I barely slept.”
Minutes, maybe hours, pass. At one point, a chaplain comes over to sit next to him and offers to pray. Castiel accepts, at a loss of what else to do. God abandoned them long ago, left the world to simmer in its own ruin—why would he help one man? Others might have more faith, might believe that the Lord works in mysterious ways, and that the angels watch over humans in their darkest hours. Castiel has never been one for faith.
Dean wakes to an empty bed and an incredible weight pressing down on his chest. Eyes snapping open, he sucks in a breath, concentrating on how his chest expands and contracts. Yet, the pressure remains, and his heart beats a frantic rhythm against his ribs. Castiel is gone—Castiel abandoned him in the middle of the night. He should’ve known better than to try to trust him, but his heart is desperate for the attention his brain demands he can’t have.
. The word hangs between them as it always has, a desire that Dean hasn’t been able to shake, ever since they met. Dean wants him, wholly, completely, and not only because Castiel is his first kiss with another man. Castiel is his friend, strangely enough, and treats him with kindness, something no one has ever afforded him. Sure, his friends are nice enough, but they don’t understand the one part of him that Castiel inherently gets.
Dean rubs the back of his neck. Thinking about it twists his stomach, even a month after the fact. The wings are probably still rotting there, if nature hasn’t completely broken them down by now. “There’s a barn,” he says, jamming his finger in the odd direction of the forest. “But it’s pretty much totaled. A tree fell through it.”
“Are you actually…” Dean ventures. He can’t bring himself to finish that sentence, his heart jackrabbiting at the thought.
“Yeah.” His finger drifts lower, coming to rest at the notch of Castiel’s throat. “Talked to my mom about it. She… she thinks it’ll be good for me, to see more of the world, but… I don’t know, man. Lyle’s a flyspeck, and LA’s this… big thing. And now, I don’t got a car, and I don’t wanna have to bother you every time I wanna drive somewhere—”
, he thinks, tears in his eyes.
“It’s jarring,” Castiel says, to Dean’s nod. “There’s no anticipation. One section, I’m pinning fabric together, and the next, my finger is bleeding and I have no idea why.”
Dean doesn’t hear any of it, his focus on the ache in his gut and the darkness in the corners of his eyes. Castiel kneels at his side, prying Dean’s hand away and replacing it with his own. “Look at me,” Castiel says. It would be soothing, if Dean wasn’t bleeding to death. “Dean, look at me and breathe, okay?”
Shrugging, Dean takes the knife back and slips it into a pocket, next to a silver sword, thirteen inches long with a triangular blade and a rounded handle. “Probably wanted to get out of dodge,” he says. “Just watched his brother get mauled, I’d run too.”
, Castiel thinks. His eyes roll back as Dean slips in a third, spreading the three to stretch him wide. Absent, Castiel fumbles in the dim light to find Dean’s length and wraps his hand around it; Dean sighs in his ear, his breaths hitched. “Feel that?” Dean asks, sultry. “Gonna feel even better in you, Cas.”
Castiel wishes Dean would touch him in full, once again.
, Dean thinks, but lying to himself will get him nowhere. He misses the sun, misses talking to people that aren’t grieving, misses eating at actual restaurants where grease isn’t a non-negotiable side. As far as he can tell, the next largest town is twenty-five minutes away, and they’re only an hour from Atlanta. Compared to Lebanon, this might as well be heaven, with a grocery store close enough that his perishables won’t thaw by the time he gets home.
Soft, Castiel smiles. “I meant to ask you, you never told me you sang.”
“Fine,” she says, motioning for Dean. “But I need to work with him alone.”
“We could always keep it somewhere, like a safe,” Sam suggests. While probably a great idea, horror flashes across Castiel’s face. “Not that I think we’re gonna need it, but—”
Castiel stops, and Dean dares to look up, noting the look on Castiel’s face. Annoyed, maybe. “I went to the clinic before I left California,” he says, lifting a brow. “Have you been having unprotected sex?”
“I don’t wanna go to Hell,” Dean cries. “I don’t wanna—”
“He was enjoying a day to himself,” Rowena announces. Castiel shivers, not of his own volition. Dean says something under his breath, along the lines of ‘
. Dean opens his mouth just as Monica returns with their trays, depositing them on the table. “Dean,” she says, leaning her hand atop the table. She cocks a hip, and Dean plasters on his best smile. “Charlie said you weren’t doing too hot last night, you good?”
. “We’re going to Vegas this weekend, but he wanted to see you before we left tomorrow.”
“The ledger said something about a lake,” Sam adds. He abandons the window and searches through one of his boxes, filled to the brim with books. After a minute, he comes back with a black Moleskine notebook, the leather well-worn and the elastic torn off. Flipping through the pages, he settles on one and says, “two story barn, a lake between this property and the neighboring land, a storm cellar twenty steps from the front door”—which, Dean doesn’t understand at all—“and a storage shed with two lawnmowers and a large tractor.”
It looks homey, with the light streaming through the window and the warmth of the sun bleeding through. Soft, Dean snores, kicking the sheets. Castiel crawls into bed with him, pulling Dean close with an arm around his stomach and the other tucked beneath his head. For a few minutes, he lies there, with his hand over Dean’s still-beating heart as he peppers kisses into his bare nape.
Sam looks down, his brow pinched. “I didn’t… I thought you were dead, Dean. I watched you bleed out in the car, and I… I panicked. I shouldn’t’ve panicked, but I—”
“Well, if you wanna put it that way,” Dean snorts. “No, dude, just—Know you will. Trust me, but chafing ain’t fun.”
, Castiel wants to say.
The cold follows him into his dreams, as it always does.
Dean drops a kiss to his temple, slow and painful, and Castiel just sobs, slumping fully into Dean’s grasp. “Because I know you,” he whispers, quiet as the morning. “And I know you’re gonna be okay.”
“Oh, honey.” Martha pouts, then laughs. “You act like you have a choice. See, even your angel friend’s not gonna be able to save you when Alastair gets a hold of you.”
For the first time in days, he can
“They would’ve recovered—”
Castiel doesn’t smile. Not right away, anyway, his façade cracking in the silence. “Yes and no,” he says, mirthful. “It’s sacred, yes, but not as an act of betrothal.” He dips his head down, his lips brushing Dean’s cheek. Dean hitches a breath, his eyelids fluttering. “Is this an excuse to touch me?”
“Or nightmare,” Castiel tacks on. Which, true. “You could get caught in an avalanche.”
“The bonfire last week,” Castiel starts, and the woman’s eyes widen. “I was talking to—”
Dean swallows, the corner of his lower lip between his teeth. “I made peace with… with you,” he admits. “I thought, if I moved on, it might be easier in the future, but I never could. You know how hard it was, knowing I never got to say goodbye? You didn’t—” He laughs, all too broken. “I didn't realize it at the time, what was happening, but then you were gone, and I…” He covers his mouth, then lowers his hand to his lap. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Her previous owner left her papers in her box,” Castiel affirms, bringing Sonia up to kiss her nose. Sonia sneezes directly into his face, much to Castiel’s annoyance and Dean’s utter delight. “She shouldn’t give you rabies.”
As much as Dean wants Castiel’s lips on his, Castiel kisses his throat, the knife abandoned in favor of cleaning up his mess. Slow, Castiel works his way across Dean’s neck, and Dean hastens his grip, smothering moan after moan into Castiel’s shoulder. It’s been too long since he’s felt someone pressed against him, since someone has kissed him with intent. And whatever Castiel intends to do, Dean never wants him to stop, if it means he gets to have moments like these.
Earlier in the night, Dean dragged the canoe from the shed and traveled the marshes in hopes of getting lost and tipping over somewhere where he couldn’t untangle himself. It beats walking, but the effort always works to sober him up, as much as he hates it. His temporary home is about fifteen minutes from the graveyard, through thick reeds and grasses untouched by man.
“Because it’s probably ammunition,” Dean grunts. He sits, groaning on the way down. Sonia, escaping Castiel’s clutches, claws her way up Dean’s shirt to perch on his shoulder. Her scratching post sits in the box in the library, all too far away. “Seriously. Probably just kept it down there in case a whole herd of vamps raided the place. Hey, Cas.” Dean looks over his shoulder, only to find Sonia staring into his ear. “You got any guesses?”
, Dean thinks, sneaking in a kiss. Lithe, he ruts down against Castiel’s cock, letting out a sigh to match Castiel’s own. “It’s a dick,” he says, mirthful. “Seen plenty of ‘em before. It’s not gonna scare me.”
Said phone, Castiel gives to him as soon as he’s fully situated in the passenger seat of the Continental. “Shit,” he groans and throws his head back. Missouri called three times, and Benny, probably trying to check in. “Can’t believe I left it.”
Sneering, Martha spits on Castiel’s shoes. “She’s been dead for two hundred years,” she hisses. “You don’t have a choice, baby. Even if she was alive, you’d have to kill me, ‘cause the minute I get back down there, I’m sounding the alarm. I’m going to Alastair himself—"
“Is it about his father?” Castiel asks, lowering his voice. In the kitchen, plates clatter and forks rattle. “He never really mentions it.”
Dean bites back a moan—or tries, but the noise breaks free anyway, embarrassingly high pitched and bordering on a whine. “I’m dreaming,” he mumbles, to Castiel’s confusion. “No, dude, this is like, the ultimate fantasy.”
Castiel is his friend, and Dean is terrified.
“Right.” With a stuttered nod, Sam casts Dean a final glance before he disappears into one of the bedrooms. A flurry of excited shouts erupt, followed by tears.
Dean blinks, his eyes the slightest bit wet. The same as he’s looked ever since Castiel walked in the door, except now, with the actual threat of tears. “Why would you do that?”
They never do. “Then c’mon. You drive, I’ll lead.”
“Your sister’s Amara Milton?” Dean lifts his head. “She’s in an ad war with the One Call That’s All guy.”
Castiel falters, his eyelids flutter. “I wanted to be here,” he mumbles, then gasps when Dean sucks a mark to his Adam’s apple. “I wanted a home.”
“You do.” He squeezes Dean’s hand one last time and lets go. Dean curls his fingers into his palm. “I know you don’t believe it, but you’re pure, good. Your heaven is waiting when the time comes.”
Castiel shuts off the light. In the other room, Dean strips out of the day’s shirt and fishes another from his bag, this one black and threadbare. Definitely old, but it fits Dean’s frame perfectly, only slouching at the collar. Every night, Castiel sleeps with Dean in his arms, but he never has the chance to touch Dean’s skin, to marvel at the scars decorating his torso, and in that moment, all he wants is to touch. But Dean won’t allow it, and if he notices Castiel’s sudden lust, then he hides it very well.
“Talking,” Dean mumbles. Limp, he pats Castiel’s face, inadvertently poking him in the eye. “You ever stop talking?”
sits on his tongue. “Kinda thought it was weird, you jumping me like that.”
“Who knew Heaven was a politician’s wet dream,” Bobby adds. He drinks from the amber bottle in front of him, his plate already clean.
Weary, Castiel shakes his head. “You don’t deserve to suffer that torment.”
He shakes his head. His eyes shine in the moonlight pouring in through the window, and Castiel thumbs away the tears, only urging more to fall. “I missed you too,” Castiel says. Dean nods, barely perceptible in the dark. “I’m sorry I was away for so long.”
At some point, Dean manages to flatten him onto the mattress, straddling Castiel’s hips while he roams Castiel’s wings with his hands, his lips, his tongue. The last one sends a full body shudder down to his toes; his mouth falls open, a rough moan rushing from his lungs. “There we go,” Dean chuckles, sucking a feather into his mouth. “Found the spot.”
“I still don’t get why you’re here,” Dean says after a while. He sits on the foot of the bed, head bowed and wishing he were in any other universe than here. “Last person on earth you should be hanging around with is me.”
, Dean thinks, the only three words he knows. The only three words that matter, because they’re real, and Castiel is home, and they can start over. They can
“And guns.” For emphasis, Castiel pulls the Colt from his pocket, along with a kit full of screwdrivers of varying sizes. “They might prove effective in the future as well, but this is our best chance at the moment.”
Castiel nods and continues flipping through the book from back to front. “It suits him, considering they acted as Odin’s messengers.” He turns a page and lands on a collection of koi, some shaped into a yin and yang, another swimming upriver with its fins caught in the current. He gravitates toward the latter and hands the book over, to Dean’s approving nod. “Have you done this one before?”
Dean flushes—not from the incredible lack of incriminating photos, but because Castiel finds his life interesting enough to look through everything he’s taken a picture of over the last few months. Mostly sunrises, interspersed with pictures of bodies and documents. At some point, he started photographing motel rooms for the fun of it. Hopefully Castiel didn't find all of the pictures Dean snuck of him over the past few years—hopefully.
A noise claws its way from Dean’s throat, sounding every bit pained. He pauses for a moment, eyeing the gauze in his hands. “I could’ve gone with you,” he says, placing strips of gauze over both wounds. He wraps his foot with the bandage, tenderly petting over the ridged elastic once he finishes. “Not exactly the best company, but it’d be better than being alone.”
“Both,” Dean chuckles. “I mean, you’re a badass and all, but then you whip these babies out…”
. Pointing a finger, Dean grits out, “But don’t say I didn’t save you. Don’t you fucking say I never cared.”
Pained, Dean lets out a breath, warming Castiel’s fingers. Castiel pulls his hand away, but not before touching his fingertips to Dean’s lips, feeling him kiss each one. “Explain it to me,” Dean says, not a question. “’Cause I don’t wanna hit a vein and kill you—”
“We believe He left to create life elsewhere.” Sitting back, Castiel looks at the ceiling. “It would’ve been nice if we were informed beforehand. It’s only been the last few years that we’ve begun intervening in human lives.” A laugh. “Though, we’re still struggling on the issue of time.”
Eileen nods. Two months, and Dean isn’t taking it well at all. In the past, he always coped with alcohol and whatever warm body he could find, but that was then. Then, he had someone to lean on or to take out his aggressions against. More often than not, Dean focused on Sam, or Castiel, or even rarer, the Impala. Only two of those things exist now, and one of them, Dean can’t forget.
“Cas,” he says and abandons his task, nearly dropping everything on the floor in his haste to meet him. Another hug, this one bone crushing. Too many hugs for one day, and not enough explanations. “It’s good to see you again.”
Castiel stands vigil at the door while Dean continues to lie there, a faint shiver making its way through his body. Nothing comes, though. No rattling door hinges, no jerking knobs, no creature bursting in through the window. Just silence, and the ever-present sensation of being watched. Not by angels. Dean has spent too long around Castiel to know how angels feel when they pop into a room. No, this feels sinister, like the weight that hovered over him in all of his years in Hell.
Castiel, meanwhile, waits for him, leaning back in his seat. Dean shifts his rocker to face him, propping up the guitar in his lap. Why he always gravitates to this song, he doesn’t know, but the chords flow from his fingers as easily as the words from his lips. Never once does he look away from the strings, and for the entire song, he feels Castiel’s eyes on him.
“It might hurt,” Castiel says, but Dean doesn’t care. The second cold air hits his cock, Dean stifles a noise and bites his knuckle.
Missouri considers this for all of three seconds. “I don't doubt that. But the fact that he’s here speaks volumes about the lengths he’s taking to get away from his parents.”
Castiel offers him a smile, soft and solemn. “It doesn’t have to be now. Whenever you’re ready.”
He knows. Of course Dean knows that, but considering the fiasco two years ago and the fallout, he’s more surprised that no one has attempted to run him out of town or key his car. “I’m… I’m a good person, man,” Dean sighs. “I’m not the person they think I am, and I’m trying to be better. But it’s hard when you walk down the street some days and your fucking—great uncle is glaring at you from the hardware store like you slapped his wife.”
Slow, Castiel strokes over the tattoo, feeling the softened ridges and the occasional scar underneath. Something sad crosses his eyes, so soft and tender. Anywhere else, and Dean would kiss his eyelids, just to hear him sigh. “When I held your soul all those years ago, you were so… fragile. I wanted to protect you, and I swore to myself that I would do everything in my power to keep you safe.” Castiel’s hand falls, coming to rest between them. “Little did I know then.”
“I fear for your stomach,” Castiel says. Dean stifles a laugh. “If it’s any consolation… Thank you, for staying with me. If anything, I’m glad I got to see you again.”
“Not really there,” Castiel says, and Sam nods. It doesn't make sense. Dean texted him last night, never once giving him an indication that something had gone awry. Probably trying to not worry him, to keep him from having to drive back to Kansas for something so trivial. But it never is—with Dean, nothing can ever be normal. “Does it have something to do with a case?”
Visibly, Dean relaxes, enough to where all Castiel sees of him is an increasing nervousness. “I told Sam about it years after it’d happened,” he says, his head bowed. “Didn’t want him to feel guilty, and when you brought me back, I still had the scars, so you probably didn't see them.”
Dressed in loose sweatpants and a plain t-shirt, Castiel slides on his tennis shoes and heads for his car, out of the sanctuary of the dorm and into the elements. Almost nine, and sunlight still paints the sky, dyed in reds and yellows and steadily sinking beneath the fields. All the cars from the dorm are mysteriously missing, and the man originally seated on the porch is nowhere to be seen, leaving Castiel alone, without Ash’s twanging CD collection to accompany him.
And desperately, Castiel wants to help.
And Dean bounces, visibly overjoyed. Whether from seeing an angel in person or knowing how close they are to the surface, Castiel doesn’t know. Doesn’t care, either. Gently, he scoops Dean into his hands and stands, the world falling away as he rises to his full height. His wings expand, shaking off the soot and dust, and two heads emerge from his neck, a lion without a mane and a falcon missing an eye. He isn’t perfect—the other angels have informed him for thousands of years, how broken he is—but Dean doesn’t seem to care.
He reeks of blood, of sweat and despair. The night around him remains quiet, aside from a lone owl in the clearing, guiding him to sleep with its call.
“I’m not interesting,” Castiel says, looking up from his glass. “I wrote a book once, but that was years ago.”
Benny glances around the kitchen and around the corner before he speaks, his voice nearing a drone. “I know ‘bout him, if that’s what you’re askin’. I ain’t said anythin’ to the other two, ‘cause that ain’t their business, and it ain’t mine either. But his old man is a piece of shit, and whatever happened that day, he must’ve gave it to Dean good, ‘cause he never talked about it.”
There have been so many over the years, but this one might be his favorite. Just Dean and him and the sky, and the quiet of the night.
Dean makes himself at home in the kitchen, nursing a half-empty bottle while he explains some of what happened, the bits that Castiel knows by heart. The rest, he leaves out. Bobby doesn’t need to know what happened in Hell, nor does he need to know just how broken Dean feels from existing in his new normal. Castiel watches from the doorway, always in Dean’s line of sight. A bandage wraps around his forearm, blood seeping through the gauze underneath; Dean picks at it, his eyes to the wooden tabletop while he speaks.
Marriage—
His teeth join in after a moment, biting hard enough to leave a definite mark. Dean’s cock jumps in his briefs, and he has half the mind to reach down and touch himself, if it weren’t for Castiel steadily rocking against him, slow, harsh presses that keep Dean at a plateau rather than truly get him off. Shuddering, Dean cradles the back of Castiel’s head, holding him in place while Castiel laps fresh blood from the wound. Castiel touches him so tenderly, so softly that Dean wonders if this is how it’s supposed to be, if Castiel is using this as a way to touch his soul again.
Castiel doesn’t remember a knock. In fact, he doesn't remember anything off about the Impala, other than the old stink of copper in the backseat. But wherever Dean wants to go, Castiel will follow, even if it means spending all day outside.
Snuffling, Dean says, “Okay,” and nods off before Castiel can even blink.
, Dean thinks. Under the water, he touches Castiel’s foot with his own. “Hey, Sammy’s coming to live with us,” he says, to Castiel’s nod.
Drool matted to his cheek, Castiel sits up, pulling a part of the quilt backing with him. Rubbing his face, he sets the fabric back in place and smooths his hand over the damp spot, about the size of his palm; he cheats and spends an ounce of Grace to dry the stain, leaving behind fresh cotton.
Dean wants it, but he’s scared, terrified even. Castiel remembers the first man that ever talked to him like this, and he couldn’t help but be swayed by him, probably for the worse, considering how that relationship worked out. Hesitant, Dean touches his wrist, wrapping his fingers around it. Not to push him away, but to hold on. “You some kinda queer or somethin’?” Dean asks.
To that, Charlie laughs. “Yeah, it’s like Comic-Con but everyone gets plastered and parties all night. Hey,” she punches his arm lightly, “you should come with us. Me and Dean go every year, it’s like, two weeks away.”
“He’s not a toy,” Castiel growls. He has no weapon, as the blade Alastair holds is actually his one remaining weapon. The Colt may as well be in another country. Wishing it here won’t save him now. He has one shot. Flexing his fingers, he steels his Grace and waits. “He’s not yours to touch.”
By the time Castiel pulls out of Charlie’s stronghold and makes his way to the dorm, Dean is already there, seated on the front porch with a rag over his eyes, rocking mindlessly to the rhythm of what sounds like bluegrass instrumentals. At first, he leaves Dean be and sets his things down in their room, then returns with a thick notebook and a pencil, only to find Dean making his way to his feet, car keys in hand. He casts Castiel a look over his shoulder, his eyes red-rimmed and his face puffy, his jaw set in a hard line.
It could work. Desperately, he wants it to work, but logistics are a nightmare at best, and convincing Sam to pack up and leave is another hurdle.
Hands clasp Dean’s hips; his cock thickens and flexes, and Dean feels him come more than hears him, his eyes pinched shut and his mouth open. Dean strokes himself faster, chasing the high; Castiel’s teeth on his neck is the final straw before his gut clenches and his body tenses, a bowstring poised to break. Castiel gives another shuddering thrust, and Dean spills, fever breaking, come striping his stomach and seeping between his fingers.
And Dean laughs, accidentally jabbing himself in the finger. Castiel takes it and heals the wound before Dean can even complain, all while Sam watches light flood Dean’s finger, transfixed. “Oh, you’re in for it with this one,” he says, wiping his eyes. “What’s her name?”
Quiet, Castiel shushes him, his breath close to Dean’s ear. “Rest,” he hums. A spark shoots through Dean’s gut, a quick pinch before the pain vanishes. His eyes still ache, but sleep can cure that on its own. “I’m here, Dean.”
“Who are you,” Dean barks, a demand.
Why indeed? “I noticed that you sleep easier if someone touches you,” Castiel answers, entirely the truth. Dean slept without incident last night, all because of Castiel’s proximity, and occasionally, Castiel toyed with the few strands curling behind Dean’s ear. Every time, Dean turned into him, chasing him in his sleep. “You never feel safe when you’re alone, but I watched you sleep last night, and I’ve never seen someone more relaxed.”
Above, the sun shines, and the air breezes by, pleasantly warm compared to the past few days. “We can’t chase after demons,” Dean says, barely audible. “We’re armed. We know the land, we can take them, but—we can’t keep chasing ghosts.”
Dean shakes his head, but the words don’t come. Part of Castiel begins to think that words will never be enough to begin to explain just what goes on in Dean’s head, but he wants to know, wants to let Dean know that he understands, that he gets it.
Castiel aches for him even more, to the point of sorrow. “You’re not broken,” he says, barely a breath. He pets the backs of his fingers over Dean’s temple, feeling Dean turn away. “You’ve been through trauma of the likes no one has ever felt. You’ve been torn apart and put back together for the sake of someone else’s amusement, day in, day out. And you never broke.” Forehead pressed to Dean’s, he hopes Dean’s eyes find his own. “You’re the strongest man I’ve ever seen, Dean. You’ve endured so much, and you shouldn’t have to put yourself through this heartache.”
Castiel nods, and Dean’s heart flutters with his smile. “There’s nothing I could ever want more.”
, he thinks.
Wide-eyed, Castiel watches him take form, still shrouded in white, but with the most vibrant of eyes, green like emeralds. Dean fits his hand around Castiel’s fingertip, his touch warm, soothing a part of him that he didn't know existed.
Hands on her hips, Martha looks them over. Slowly, a smile curls her lips, dawning crossing her face. “So you’re the one,” she says. “Oh, I never got to see you, but I’ve heard all about you. You’re the talk of the third circle, baby.” She walks closer—Castiel steps forward, putting himself between them. “I’m not talking to you—”
A red flush heats Castiel’s cheeks as he nods. “I named her Sabrina.”
Another smile. This one sticks around, creasing the corners of Castiel’s eyes. “I enjoyed our rivalry. We had a storyline, the veteran versus the protégé.” His grin falls, turning somber. “Sometimes I still miss it, the wind in my hair. But when I look at you, I feel the same rush I felt when I first climbed in that window all those years ago. Maybe I’m living vicariously, but I’d like to see you drive again. I want Sprint Cup Champion under your name, and I want to be the person who helped you get there.”
“Thought I was the touch-starved one,” Dean hums, smiling against Castiel’s lips. Castiel would roll his eyes if it didn't feel so nice. “So what’re you gonna do to me, huh?”
Thunder booms, rattling the cellar walls. Dean jerks closer, his fingers clamping around Castiel’s hand. He’s warm, his body closer than it ever has been. Castiel can barely breathe. Comforting him is second nature, but never through touch. Dean rarely lets anyone get that close. Yet, he allows Castiel to draw an arm around his waist.
Frantic, Castiel looks around the room, blue eyes finally landing on Dean. Rather than relief, panic flashes across his face. “Dean,” he croaks, his voice little more than a rasp. “Dean, how—”
Kissing him is easy, especially when Castiel kisses him back, open-mouthed and wanting. Weak, Castiel shifts his hips, his cock sliding through the mess he left behind. “Did you—is there Grace in my ass?”
None of it makes sense, but Dean
“Yeah, with just as many aches,” Dean laughs. They need to clean up and get out, maybe actually
“A motel.” A simple enough answer. The same motel with the white-and-green walls, with the television that only plays static and pay-per-view, with the sink that hasn’t stopped dripping since the nineties. “Illinois. Illinois?”
, Dean thinks. Sucking in air, he blows out a breath, his chest shaking as he fights off a sob.
“Run that by me again?” Dean asks, his eyes closed where he reclines in the bathtub.
“You’re right, I didn't.” Castiel kisses his eyelid. “You deserve good things, Dean. Even if it’s something as simple as this, it’s worth the effort if it’s for you.”
For such a sprawling cemetery, it only has one mausoleum, barely large enough for one grown person to stand in, let alone two. Dean yanks the door open with some effort and steps inside, slumping against the marble-lined vaults and sitting with his knees bent. Castiel joins him, their shoulders brushing. Outside, lightning streaks the sky, and thunder booms immediately after, rattling the foundation. Rain splatters against the iron door, peppering the tile entryway.
Quiet, Castiel smiles. “I’m only giving you the same instruction I’d give any of my students. Granted, I don’t make a habit of kissing them every day.” For emphasis, he drops a kiss to Dean’s lips, and Dean chases him for a second, smiling when Castiel pulls away.
Despite the darkness, Castiel can feel the heat flushes Dean’s cheeks. His soul blushes the same color, pink and flustered. “If you want,” Dean whispers. “Just—don’t make it weird?”
Sam makes his way through the halls and down the stairs, ending up on the tiled patio. The deer scatter at his presence, lingering at the edge of the woods and waiting for him to leave. Through the grass, he walks, ending up at Dean’s side. Dean snores, reeking of alcohol and the marsh, and Sam lifts him, dragging him to his feet. “Up you go,” he says, shaking Dean awake.
Opening his eyes, he spots the blurry outline of a man-shaped… thing in front of him, gleaming in silver and gold and too bright against the mold-stained walls of his cell. Again, the man touches his face, smoothing the blood from in and around his eyes—and Dean can see. Black wings pool from the man’s back, some feathers still aflame, others mangled and broken, jutting out at extreme angles. Bloodied scratches mar every inch of skin not covered by armor. Amid it all, startlingly blue eyes look down at him in sorrow, like he’s the most pitiful thing in existence.
“His soul is bright,” Hannah says, and Dean jerks around, yanking the blankets over his chest. “Don’t be afraid—”
“I know.” Beneath the covers, Dean curls his knees up into his stomach. “Not askin’ you to. I just… Why me? Was I not good enough? I did what I was supposed to, and I still ended up—”
Castiel shakes his head. “There’s a bar close to campus that pays fifty dollars if you can stay on Larry for eight seconds. It’s how we afford dinner.” Castiel could pay, but Dean always refuses, and Castiel likes to watch Dean triumph anyway. “The bartenders know us by name.”
Here, he could disappear so easily. Though, one person keeps him tethered. The same person standing by the front door, face creased from his pillow and his pajama pants hanging low. He looks so young, like the child he was never allowed to be. “Sleep,” Dean whispers, cocking his head toward their room. “C’mon. Hot out here.”
Rather than reply, Castiel pulls him onto his side and tucks Dean up against him, an arm wrapped around his middle. Dean cries fiercely, despite his silence and the quake in his shoulders, and all Castiel can do is hold him, whispering soft words into his hair. It takes him a while, maybe minutes, maybe hours, but he eventually settles, his breathing ragged and chest still heaving. He doesn't speak, afterward.
Arms stretched above his head, Dean bites back a groan. Faintly, he can see the beginnings of the sun rising through the pines. The air feels different here, compared to Kansas. Road salt still stains the Impala’s side panels from the snow they left behind. Here, the sky is clear, and faintly, Dean can smell rain in the air, probably moving in by late afternoon or the evening. All things he had only ever experienced at motels, when the weather decided how hard they would drive that day. Now, he has nowhere to go, no place he immediately has to be.
Castiel nods, then says, “Always.”
Slowly, Dean nods, then shuts off the bathroom light on his way out. Castiel follows him into the bedroom, where a lamp on the nightstand casts a yellow glow around the room, illuminating a queen-size bed covered with a comforter and a hand-sewn quilt, and a wicker hope chest at the foot of the bed frame. No television, no radio, just a few portraits on the walls and a window, cool air filtering in through the screen. Dean shuts off the light before crawling into bed, tugging the blankets over his lap.
Objectively, the dorm is the safest place for him to recover, with the number of people there and Castiel sleeping in the next bed. But Mary offers him his old room when the hospital discharges him, and Dean can’t bring himself to turn her down. Castiel picks him up later in the morning, after the doctors check his wounds and give him more medication than he can probably stomach. Antibiotics, painkillers, sleep aids—all Dean wants is a nap and to look at his phone.
Castiel’s room is only a few feet from Sam’s, on the other side of the staircase. Lightning cracks, and thunder booms right after, startling Sonia from within. “Cas, wake up,” Dean says and bangs his fist on the door. “I know you’re up, come on—”
“What’s the catch?” Dean looks up, his touch never straying. “So it’s a curse, big whoop. What’s it gonna take to reverse it?”
“But you won’t.” Castiel’s palm glows brighter as he closes his fist, the gaps between his fingers filled with light. “You won’t drain me, and I won’t die.”
Sam nods and rubs his eyes. “Might take a while,” he sighs. As much as Dean hates to hear it, Sam is right. “Gotta see what we can sell first. We’re gonna have to pay the electric bill.”
In the dark, Dean sneaks back into the bathroom and changes, all while Castiel sits on his bed, where just minutes before, he dreamt that Castiel bit through his carotid. Hopefully, Castiel can’t smell the shame on him, or notice the slight tent in his underwear where his cock refuses to fully soften. The dark mutes it, thankfully, and hopefully the redness in his cheeks, as well.
Now, he’s… this. A frightened human, too afraid of looking at himself in the mirror, in fear of what he might find there.
It’s so much different with him, Dean thinks. Women are all soft curves and lashes, tasting of lipstick and smelling of floral shampoo. Castiel smells like nothing but the day’s sweat, and his jaw is sharp, his hands broad where he urges Dean onto his back. Dean goes willingly, heat rushing through his veins as Castiel straddles a thigh, crowding him, keeping him close.
Lips pursed, Sam agrees. “Do you need any help? ‘Cause I’m on summer break, I can—”
It takes him what feels like hour to open his eyes, his body still spasming as Dean kisses his hips, his lower abdomen, the head of his length. Glancing down, Castiel watches Grace dribble from his cock, the mess of it glimmering on Dean’s face and his lips, where he refuses to lick it away. It’s a good look on him, even better than his flushed cheeks and the red heat spreading down to his navel.
“Dean, we never do that,” Sam accuses with the slightest bit of mirth in his voice. “And it’s too early in the day for wine.”
Castiel smiles, shy. “The demonic perception of Lucifer versus reality is almost polar opposites.” He extends a wing to Dean, and Dean strokes it, petting through the near-white feathers with ease. “Years ago, Lucifer abhorred the angels to the point of being willing to wage war, given the chance. Now, though, he’d rather spend his life on Earth causing his own brand of havoc, refusing to tip waitresses, or chastising hourly employees.”
, Castiel thinks. He manages to yank one of the creatures off and toss it to the floor, all before shouting, “Dean, close your eyes.”
. The pain, the heartbreak, all they want is to be accepted and for someone to love them and tell them that it’ll be okay, and I do what I can, but it’s not enough. I can’t… I can’t go in and change people’s minds. I can’t protect them if their families find out. I’m putting them at risk in a world where they’re already threatened.”
. “I love you,” Castiel says. He pulls a hand from Dean’s grip and cups his cheek. Dean leans into him, his face crumpling. “I’m not a fantasy, or a dream. I’m here, for good.”
Locks jangle from down the hall in the direction of Death Central. Whoever they’re coming for, Dean tries not to look. They already finished with him for the day, but twice in twenty-four hours isn’t uncommon, especially if he runs his mouth. Today, Dean just laid there and took it. They like that, when no one talks back and the only noises Dean makes are screams loud enough to scare even him.
A while is far too short, in Castiel’s estimation. A while implies a waiting period and a finite stop, and a time where Dean no longer touches him. The minute Dean caresses him with a gloved hand, Castiel shivers—the second Dean starts his machine, he loses all sense of time and awareness. Dean pulls his skin taut as he works, his tenderness juxtaposed by the pain of the needle piercing his skin in short increments. The buzzing soothes him, oddly enough; Dean’s breath puffs against his chest, steady and rhythmic, and each time the machine stops, Castiel laments the loss of his warmth.
Raking his fingers through his hair, Dean keeps his head bowed. “Cas says time works differently,” he says, distant to even himself. “A year here is a century there.”
“I could heal it,” Castiel offers, but Dean shakes his head. “Why do you let yourself suffer?”
Jack nods, to Dean’s horror. His face falls, a haunting sadness in his eyes. “I don’t know where he is. I’ve never met Castiel when he wasn't an angel. I can’t recognize his soul. Wherever he fell…”
And Castiel pulls away, all too quickly. Dean’s cock twitches beneath the water; he sucks in a breath, shuddering down to his toes. So close, not close enough. “I’d like to do the latter,” Castiel murmurs into his ear. “Would you like that?”
Out of all the sounds in the universe, Castiel treasures Dean’s laugh the most. “Buddy, that makes two of us.”
Leaving Castiel alone.
It’s ready—and come time, Dean will join him.
He parks in the first spot he can find and leaves Castiel to watch her, his keys tucked beside his wallet in his back pocket. He comes back with the last room available—a king on the bottom floor, on the other side of the parking lot.
Lilith opens her mouth—Dean stops her with a raised hand, focusing all his attention—all of his intentions—onto her. He understands now how Sam could be so addicted to the headrush, to something under his skin driving his movements. But Grace operates differently than blood—Grace encompasses him, robbing him of his sight, of his senses as it escapes through his palm. Lilith lets out a laugh, then a scream as she flinches and begins to cower, crumpling to the floor.
Castiel’s palms itch. A page from a phone book sits in his pocket, bearing a name and a phone number, and an address. But no one was home, and a neighbor said that the occupant works at a tattoo studio in Panama City Beach. Only, Castiel visited every shop and found no one matching the name. One remains on his list, and in silence, Castiel waits, seated on a bench, for the light inside to darken.
“Yeah,” Dean rasps. How he’s supposed to reciprocate in a bathtub, though, is a skill he hasn’t exactly mastered. “You want me to suck you off, or—”
Sex should scare him the most—liking Castiel absolutely terrifies him.
To that, Castiel chuckles and bows his head. “I’ve been promoted.”
Castiel shakes his head. “The situation is inherently different. I’m not Ruby. I’m not trying to manipulate you. I’m offering you a chance to change the fate of this planet, if you’ll listen to me.”
“I could get one if it makes you comfortable,” Castiel says. “I forgot. I’m not exactly accustomed to casual sex.”
“God.” Monica throws her head back, her blonde hair falling over her shoulders. “I told him not to get that rotgut from his brother. Pretty much half the party ended up bent over last night, and not in the fun way.” She ruffles his hair and leaves, her skirt flouncing as she walks.
Donnie laughs. “Gotta make it through finals somehow. Hey,” he stops to thumb toward the stage, where the woman threatens to take her top off unless someone stops her. No one does. “You still wanna play tonight?”
Castiel nods. “While I was waiting with the paramedics, someone came and took it. I’m—Is that standard practice, for a stranger to take roadkill from the scene of an accident?”
Gingerly, Castiel pulls up his pant leg and undoes the Velcro strap around his knee, then pulls the carbon fiber of his prosthetic off. He follows with the other and sets them on the floor at the foot of the bed, afterward rolling his pant legs up. Five years since, and sometimes Dean forgets the accident, forgets just how much pain Castiel endured just to walk again. Being there, though, Dean will never forget.
“Cas,” Dean says, but Castiel shakes his head.
“No, no, it’s—That’s just my great grandpa. George Winchester.” He sets the shoebox aside and walks to the bathroom, checking inside. “You gotta say hi to him every time you walk in the front door, or he’ll do that shit.”
The hall might as well be a chasm. Sam crosses it, preparing himself for the inevitable. The few suicides he ever walked in on were traumatic enough, but they weren’t someone he knew. They weren’t Dean.
“It is,” Castiel says, and Dean just shakes his head. “Ready?”
Whether he means existing or just touching him, Castiel doesn’t plan to do either. “Sleep,” Castiel whispers. He teases the hairs at Dean’s nape, feeling him soften. “I’ll be here in the morning.”
All the while, Castiel grips him by the hair, the occasional sigh falling from his lips. He parts his legs as much as he can, the chair’s arms keeping him from moving anywhere other than forward. Not that Dean minds; it gives him more leverage and more skin to touch as he bobs his head. Shivers work their way up Castiel’s thighs with the strain, his hips aching to lift, but Dean holds him down and swallows him to the root.
Gradually, the water cools. Chills spread across Dean’s skin, and Dean manages to finish his shower without further incident. No one comes barging in the door, Alastair doesn’t castrate him just because he came, and the world doesn't end.
Time passes much differently on Earth. In the time it takes for him to close his eyes, Dean finishes his nightly routine and emerges from the bathroom. The light flicks off, and Castiel looks over, only to see Dean leaning against the doorway, his tattooed arms crossed over his clothed chest and his knees and thighs fully visible, scarred and bruised and all. His briefs are outlandishly patterned, and a heat rises to Castiel’s cheeks, fully aware that he’s staring.
, Dean thinks, gripping his pillow tighter.
, Dean thinks. His tears might as well be flames, burning trails down his face. “You can’t just—You can’t just sit there and let him die, he didn’t—”
Both towns are quiet, peaceful in a way that Los Angeles never was, and never will be.
“Right.” Sam finishes and makes his way to his feet.
“What if I can’t?” Dean asks. “What if I… No matter where I go, it’s gonna be the same. I’m not safe here, I can’t… I just can’t, Cas.” He bites back a sob, willing his heart calm. “You keep doin’ all these interviews, talkin’ to all these people, tryin’ to figure out how to help. You just gotta—You gotta listen to us. Fight for us, get us off the streets, just do… something, man. ‘Cause I don’t got anywhere to go now, and I’m—I’m scared.” He smiles despite it all, despite the ache in his heart and Castiel’s hand in his. “Tell me it’s gonna be okay.”
Dean nods, suddenly shy. His hands shake as he rids himself of his briefs, revealing his length, hard and proud between his legs. Sitting up, Castiel touches it, tentatively tracing his fingers along the veins underneath; it twitches in his hand, and Dean bites his lip, his hands hanging limp at his sides. He wants to touch—and Castiel would never deny him.
“About me killing you?” Castiel balks.
“If I give you my Grace, you can purify her,” Castiel corrects. From his other coat sleeve, he produces a sword, over a foot in length and shining silver in the moonlight. The blade itself forms a triangle, each of its three edges sharp and tapering to a point. “Her vessel has long since been deceased, so the moment you cure her, Lilith dies without breaking the seal.”
Dean swallows and looks down at his hand, where once, an array of rings adorned his fingers, along with bracelets with beads he whittled whenever he had the time and means. All of them probably sit at the bottom of a landfill now, never to be seen again.
His stitches strain, begging him to lie back down. He can’t. He has to keep moving, has to see if there’s any truth to what the demon said. Maybe he checked the wrong barn, and they planned on ganging up on him no matter where he went. There have to be other farms close by. Maybe someone knows something and isn’t letting on. Or worst-case scenario, maybe Castiel is actually in Heaven. Hopefully in that case, not of his own free will—because if he left intentionally, Dean might never forgive him.
“I’d like to have you,” Castiel says.
“I was under the impression that you were just being friendly.”
But Castiel holds him back, a hand to his chest. “I’ve got him,” Castiel says in haste. “Go, Sam—”
Castiel shakes his head. “It was part of the process. I wasn’t involved in anything other than rescuing you.”
“For your sake, I sincerely hope not,” Castiel says.
“You’re catching on,” Dean says, tripping over his tongue. Castiel watches him knee his way across the mattresses, eventually settling between his knees. He lifts up enough for Dean to spread the towel under him. “I don’t wanna have to wash these,” he explains and sneaks in a kiss. “Lube stains are a bitch.”
Dean pilfered through the register before he left the station, pocketing at least two hundred dollars in bills and several more in change. Whether that was Castiel’s doing or an inattentive clerk’s, Dean takes it for what it is and books a room for the night at forty bucks and orders in pizza as soon as he finds the phonebook.
“Eggs.” Gentle, Castiel pushes Dean up before he undoes his zipper. Dean helps him work his slacks down, then his boxers to reveal his cock. A nice cock, actually, fleshy and human shaped, definitely thicker than any guy Dean has ever slept with, but with a larger slit at the tip. Experimental, he palms it, stroking up the length until he reaches the tip, where it flares open. Definitely like porn, then. “It’s unsightly.”
Blinking, Dean stares at the light of the moon until he wakes fully, despite the ache in his bones and the medication threatening to pull him back under. He could sleep—could ignore the rest of the night and rest, but his memories keep him awake, along with the pain in his ribs, numbed but still present.
“Great,” Dean huffs, his eyes pinched. He toes off his sneakers, kicking them to the floor. “Just what I want, my brother to see how broke I am.”
“I suppose.”
“Cas,” Dean croaks.
Dean blinks, a sudden welling of
Dean visibly weighs his options, and ultimately sides with the latter. “Sure we can figure out a way to cuddle like this?”
other than platitudes.
Dean nods and disentangles himself, falling flat on the mattress. Immediately, Castiel misses his warmth, his body, his Grace demanding him to touch Dean again, to never let him go. Shy eyes look to him, appraising. “It involve getting naked?”
His only saving grace—Dean passes out before he can make it to his feet, face plastered in the grass and the stars watching on. Owls call, creatures in the trees skitter—and Dean survives another night, against his will.
“Castiel,” he says, offering a quiet smile. “I’m your son’s roommate.”
“Two years,” Dean says. Yet, his lips curl into a sad smile, like he knows something Castiel doesn’t. “In my… In my dreams, you’d always tell me what it is. It’s a tiger.” Lifting his shirt, he bares the orange-and-yellow body of a tiger, covering a gash long-since scarred over. “Vamps have knives now.”
“It’s over now,” Dean sighs. Tilting his head back, he settles for petting Castiel’s wing in his lap. He concentrates on the utter softness of his feathers and how they bleed warmth into his thighs, the strength they hold. “He ain’t coming back, but I’m—I’m still fucking terrified, man. That ain’t gonna stop any time soon.”
“It’s got holes in it, so probably not,” Sam laughs. His smile falls after, concern knitting his brow. “Is he really… I know he said Jack rescued him, but it just seems too good to be true.”
He pulls into the parking lot of the Summit Inn on the north side of Frisco, Colorado. It’s a quiet little town, situated between the peaks of snow-covered mountains and pines and spruces nearly blanketing the landscape. The room, a single with a mini fridge and a brown suede couch, faces the hills and the interstate. He can’t see much of it at this hour, but he’ll bet it’s beautiful in daylight.
Tempting fate, Castiel lets out a breath. He unfurls each wing one by one, the mass of them spreading across the Impala’s hood, with the tips touching the pavement. One pair settles over his lap, while two drape around Dean’s frame, urging him closer and burying him in feathery warmth. The other two, he tucks close to his back. All six of them cast prisms onto the asphalt when the sun hits them, glimmering and bathing everything in light.
“Somewhat,” Castiel muses. He tightens his grip, and Dean lets out a groan, his head falling back onto Castiel’s shoulder. “It’s what I told you it was, a text to teach the angels magic that can aid humanity. Though, someone snuck in two pages of decidedly… explicit.”
Oh, the beach. “Yeah,” Dean says, swallowing. Maybe the sunlight will do something for him, and the salt air. Not that he doesn’t get it enough daily, but maybe today is different. Maybe today, he can begin to breathe again.
. After the fact, Dean never looked at it, but he remembers how it felt to touch him when Castiel finally let him, how he drew the needle through his flesh and knitted him back together. It healed up well, but it might as well be a nightmare.
“You’re not.” Dean nuzzles his way into his neck, mouthing a string of kisses up to his chin. “I never got to tell you—I always wanted you here. Never got to tell you to stay.”
How he got here—
Solemn, Castiel nods. At his side, Dean’s shoulders slump. “Well, you got a place here,” Dean says, patting Jack’s shoulder. Castiel has the sneaking suspicion they need more bedrooms. “Being God not all it’s cracked up to be?”
Fifteen miles from his burial site, Dean finds the Palamar Motel and Restaurant, tucked a few blocks away from the Vermilion River. Utterly unappealing from the road, the complex consists of two tan brick buildings, both two stories, with olive green trim around the windows and doors, and air conditioner units shoved into the walls. The last time the place has been a renovation was probably thirty years ago, if not longer. Further down the road sits a Ford dealership. Across the street, a train track, in case he needs to hitch a ride in the middle of the night.
Soft, Castiel smiles. “That’s good news,” he says. His gaze falls on Dean, genuine happiness in his eyes. “How are you?”
Georgia is scorching—uncomfortably so.
Dean nods and pulls his fingers free. He wraps his arms around himself, his apron wrinkling with the tension. “Say I go with you,” he starts. “Say as soon as I graduate, what then?”
If they keep feeding him like this, Castiel may never leave.
“Dean,” she announces, and visibly, Dean tenses, his jaw tight and eyes wide. His expression morphs to faked excitement as he turns, the necklace still in his hand. The woman smiles at him with all her teeth, the wrinkles around her eyes deepening. Either from genuine joy or a lifetime of faking it, Castiel doesn't know. “I haven’t seen you in what, two years?”
“I’m gonna be a big brother,” Dean sobs, incoherent. Castiel can barely understand him, his words lost in tears. “Mom’s having a baby, and dad’s—My dad’s moving on without me. Does he really hate me so bad—”
Castiel checks over his shoulder before he presses a kiss to Dean’s lips. Sparks don’t fly, not like he always expected, but his heart pounds; if Dean’s face is any indication, eyes wide and mouth agape, he feels the same way. “There’s no one I’d rather go gray with.”
Dean doesn't lift his head. Castiel looks over to find a set of black marks etched into the door jamb, spanning about five feet high at various intervals.
Another few seconds, and he pulls off, jerking Castiel’s cock until liquid teal spurts from the tip, dirtying Dean’s fingers. He laps it away while Castiel composes himself, his dick finally softening. Dean admires him for his stamina, among other things.
him, and every time, Dean flushes and drags Castiel back in, the embarrassment all too real. Dean could get lost in his hands all day, how broad they are, how his palm fits over Dean’s pec with ease. A thumb sweeps over his nipple, and Dean moans against Castiel’s lips, his cock twitching.
Then Castiel sees it. The eyes, the same shade of green that he can’t forget, no matter how hard he tries. “Mrs. Winchester,” he says and stands on aching knees.
“I tried to tell myself, you were just trying to save me, that it didn’t mean anything.” Dean offers him a smile, only for it to fall. “You really loved me, didn’t you?”
“You know if I could, I’d bring you with me,” Castiel says, quiet.
“Sammy.” Between them, Dean grabs Sam’s wrist. He doesn’t need to hear this—doesn’t want to think about what happened to him after the fact. “It’s okay. It’s over, I’m back. And you’re not gonna lose me again, you hear me?”
Including his actions. For the most part, he keeps a reasonable distance from Dean as they wander the streets of town, ducking into the various shops with no real intent on buying anything. The antique store, built in the remnants of an old carriage factory, boasts multiple stalls from artists and pickers around town, most of which Dean can’t afford, but Castiel would buy for him if he asked.
Humming, Dean kisses his slit, working his way down to the base. Castiel sinks his fingers into his hair, breath caught in his chest. “But you want,” Dean murmurs. For show, he flattens his tongue and licks, base to tip, feeling him swell. The scent of sex grows thicker; Dean paints his lips with it, refusing to lap away the precome painting his mouth. “Wanted me since the first time we met, huh?”
“That’s what Sam said,” Dean says. He lifts Castiel’s feet and adjusts the towel. All of his wounds bleed slowly, a steady trickle that Dean can wipe away before the drops travel too far. “Stigmata aren’t real, right? I mean, people fake it enough. How many real cases have there been?”
, and part of him wonders if Castiel feels the same in return.
After what feels like years, Castiel pulls his fingers free. Dean gasps and chases them, desperate for his fingers, for his cock, he doesn’t know, but he opens his mouth anyway, like offering himself will get him what he wants faster. “Touch it like this,” Castiel instructs and takes Dean’s hand. Castiel’s cock spasms at first touch, the feeling so much like his own, but inherently different. Because this is someone else’s cock, a man’s cock, thick and hard and hot, dripping onto his wrist, spilling down his arm. Castiel guides him, teaching him how to push his foreskin out of the way, how to stroke and pull without chafing.
But Dean pushes him down with barely any effort. Part of him wants to cry, but exhaustion keeps him complacent, willing to do anything Dean asks of him. “Hey, hey,” Dean soothes. He wipes the corners of Castiel’s eyes, brushing away spilled tears. “You’re okay. Figured out what’s going on, but we don’t know why.”
“Alastair is exceptionally powerful.” Pulling over the chair from the desk, Naomi sits, her hands on her knees. “Which is why we’ve discussed giving you a… temporary promotion.”
. His touch, his heart beating against Dean’s spine, his warm breath on Dean’s nape. Everything about him, everything Dean has ever wanted. All of it, Castiel gives willingly without anything expected in return.
, Castiel thinks.
, Mr. Milton,” he pleads, lowering his tone, “I need a good grade, is there anything I can do?”
And to his shock, Dean nods. Terrified as he is, Dean’s soul reaches out, and Castiel comforts it, allowing his Grace to spill free. A blue-white light pours from each of Dean’s wounds, knitting his flesh together and leaving behind pristine skin. Only, the longer Castiel’s touch lingers, the more feedback he receives, an echo trapped deep within Dean’s soul that feels all too familiar—like his own.
“I hate her,” Dean whispers, barely audible over the voices emanating from across the building. “I hate Michael, and her, and his whole… Everyone.” Sighing, he drops his forehead to Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel pats between his shoulder blades, rubbing circles there. “I hate this town.”
But seeing the devastation on Castiel’s face tears at him even worse. “I tried to heal it,” he says, urging Dean to pull his shirt back down. “This was as far as I got. Hell has a way of leaving marks behind, marks even angels can’t heal.”
. Castiel peels his fingers from Dean’s grasp and traces over the wound. If Dean wanted, he could rid him of the scar, among his many others, but Dean doesn’t ask. Doesn’t do much other than wipe his eyes, his lip threatening to wobble. “Dean,” Castiel repeats. “I’m not a dream, or a fantasy. I… Jack helped me escape a while ago. I’ve been in Heaven.”
“Don’t sweettalk me,” Dean joshes, earning a quiet laugh. “It’s just—I never wanted this life. Driving was dad’s thing, not mine. I wanted to play in a band, actually go to college. Instead, I was driving go-karts before I was six. I was in my first Nationwide race before I even had my driver’s license. He just kept pushing me and pushing me, and I couldn't talk back because that’s what my grandfather did, and that’s what he did, like NASCAR is the family business. But it’s… It’s not.” He sniffles. “I can’t even win a championship. And I was right there, and all I thought was, I’ll make dad proud.”
Another breath—Castiel doesn’t move. His fear turns to abject horror. Before him is the one person he’s been looking for for months, and Castiel is dead. Dead, or almost there. The rational part of his brain tells him to climb the stairs into the loft and cut Castiel down—the more emotional part, though, overrides everything else. Falling to his knees, Dean sucks in air his lungs refuse to hold. Tears spill; he can’t keep his breakfast down a second time, his stomach clenching and tearing at itself after he finishes.
“What happened to Cas?” Sam asks, effectively ruining the mood. “I know how you found him, but… I’ve watched him walk, Dean. It’s like he’s in pain and he’s not saying anything.”
Dean shakes his head. “A hundred years, Cas. It’s just hitting me that… Shit. A hundred years.” He stops, then laughs. “I’m fucking old.”
Castiel hooks his foot around Dean’s ankle, cutting him off. “Our meeting is purely happenstance. I didn’t go to the bonfire looking for you, Dean. Ash told me that there was a party and I had nothing else to do, and you came over to me.” He shakes his head. “I’m familiar with being attracted to straight men, but you’re not. I could see it when a woman kissed you, how your jaw tensed.”
The other room is closed off, the door shut off and the light extinguished for the evening. “Sam’s asleep,” Dean whispers, ushering Castiel into his own room. Castiel follows and stands aside while Dean closes the door with barely a click. “He’s staying for the month.”
He sets his laptop bag and audio recorder on the nightstand and strips out of his coat and suit jacket, reveling in the chilled air. Part of him wants to fall into bed and sleep for the rest of the night, but the other part of his mind that’s been overtaken by
Dean gives her his order and Castiel asks for the big breakfast platter, and Monica leaves, her hips swaying like she has a shot with either of them. She might have years ago when Dean thought he was straight for five minutes.
Somehow, he ended up in his room last night. Everything before dusk is a blur, his last coherent memory Benny pulling up in his Ford with five full kegs, smuggled across county lines. What possessed him, he doesn’t know. Maybe depression, maybe the need to drown out the senior year anxiety. Whatever it is, Dean remembers how everyone showed up and passed him cup after cup. After that, he might as well have died.
The light fades slowly, his senses dimming until all at once, they cease. For a while, nothing exists—for a while, he dreams that he’s free, and that a man holds him from behind, pressing kisses into his nape. The imperceptible weight of feathers wraps around his waist, and Dean relishes in their caress, and something in his chest sings to the universe, that he’s made whole once again.
Lip between his teeth, Sam stomps. Once, resulting in a dull thud—twice, a hollow twang and a surge of dirt into the air. “Good call,” he says. Kneeling, Sam begins to dig with his hands, and Dean joins in, ripping away clumps of grass and throwing them in odd directions, until they find the latch.
And Dean does so with fervor. Playful, he shoves Castiel into the mattress and crowds him into the bedding. His kiss tastes of absolution, and beneath his skin, his soul rejoices, reaching out to him and tangling with his Grace eagerly. The first touch of cold, slick fingers draws a shiver from him, and Dean distracts him with a kiss, his tongue sliding sweetly against his own. His fingers feel wonderful, warm and thick where they spread him open, a slow, glacial pace that Castiel rides with ease. Lips press a string of kisses down his neck, then back up as he curls his fingertips, pressing into the spot Castiel has rarely ever touched, but Dean finds with ease.
No, Dean chases him, pulsing in what can only be interpreted as recognition, as joy.
“Inhale,” she instructs. Sucking in a breath, she blows the smoke in his face, and Dean can’t help but breathe in, soot clinging to his throat—
Pulling his finger free, Castiel seizes Dean’s wrist again and thrusts, harder this time. Each shove sends the headboard against the wall, and Dean rides him, panting obscenities as he hangs on for dear life. Castiel holds him in place, keeping him at his mercy; Dean’s cock throbs, precome weeping onto his stomach. Every thrust feels like heaven, silky and scalding, a steady drag that lights him up from the inside. Given the chance, and Dean would keep him here forever, if it meant Castiel could keep him flying this high.
His body feels unexpectedly raw in the hours afterward, like Castiel has somehow reopened his wounds and forced them to heal. The silence doesn’t help any, but Castiel’s presence keeps him rooted, knowing that there’s someone within arm’s reach that he can touch. He doesn’t need to, but he
Hours pass, and his stomach begins to tear at itself. Hunger, he remembers all too well, and the irritability that comes with it. The night grows darker, the moon reaching its zenith, and Castiel waits for a rescue that won’t come. Years from now, someone will find his bones and wonder about the man with wings growing out of his back, and why he left no clothing behind. Maybe an alligator will eat him, or some other creature that resides here.
Rather than go to the city pool across town, Dean camps out in a ten-dollar plastic kiddie pool in the backyard, the water spilling over his hips and his feet hanging into the grass. Sunglasses cover his eyes, doing nothing to ease the glare of the sun beating down overhead. Nearly September, and the world might as well be Hell.
Castiel swallows, steadying his breath. “It may take weeks,” he says, the only answer he can muster. Dean’s shoulders slump, his eyes fluttering shut. “It can be mended, Dean, but you have to trust me. You know I wouldn't lie to you, not about this.”
Together, he and Sam yank open the joined flaps to reveal—boxes. Multiple small boxes with nearly illegible writing on the sides. Underneath, Dean finds leather bound books about an inch thick, each with dates and types of coinage. “Dude,” he says, yanking one of the boxes open. Inside are several two-by-two cardboard squares surrounding vintage quarters and nickels. “Jackpot.”
Packing—
Anna’s Grace was smoke, Dean remembers. Ethereal and white, flowing like air. But Castiel’s is liquid, spilling onto his wrist and clinging to his skin. “Why isn’t it…” Dean starts.
“I just… I couldn’t sleep. No matter what I ate, it always came back up. I lost twenty pounds. I could see my ribs, man, I… He had me drive up to meet him a few days before it finally stopped, and I had to drive barefoot, or else I’d ruin my shoes.” He stops to laugh, wiping his eyes. “When dad saw, he told me I’d done it myself, ‘cause I was looking for attention. Trust me, there’s a thousand other ways I could’ve gotten his attention, and stabbing myself wasn't one of them.
Flopping onto the mattress, Dean stares up at the ceiling, the weight of the drive bearing down behind his eyes. What he needs is sleep, but what he wants is Castiel pressed close, no longer separated by the Impala’s middle seat. “You got any ideas?” he asks. Aimless, he strokes the back of Castiel’s coat, tugging at a belt loop. “’Cause I can drive around for the rest of my life, but I’m gonna start burning through cash before long. Bobby’s only got so much in his stash.”
“They set you up,” Castiel says, low.
Dean frowns—harder, until it clicks, and a laugh bubbles up from his chest. Castiel smiles, just barely, ducking his head. “Oh, man,” Dean says, a flush heating his cheeks. “Oh, man. C’mon, you, me, laptop. Now.”
, he thinks, popping open the door. Maybe ten years ago, he would’ve attended something like this, but only at his brother’s request. Now, a decade older and exhausted, all he can do is stand by and watch. Sitting atop the Continental’s hood, he watches the masses cheer as the song changes to something even gaudier, the bass overshadowing whatever the singer might hope to express. The heat continues into the night, stoked higher by the flames—
Rather than fight his way through finding the correct key, Castiel punches the panel with whatever strength he can muster, ripping the metal away. Without thinking, he flips every switch and breaker available, and all at once, the warding drops.
“Don’t think you’d be able to wash it,” Sam snorts into his coffee. He rounds the bed, smoothing his palm across the fabric and the embroidery, ranging from flowers to pets, to little farmhouses and homesteads with barns and rolling fields of sunflowers.
Missouri clenches her fist. Dean winces and pulls away, wrapping his arms around his stomach. “I don’t use the word ‘hate’ very often, but I’ve never been your father’s biggest fan,” she mumbles. “Why didn’t you come to me? I’ve been helping you with your classes for years, and you’ve never mentioned it.”
Fireflies dance around the dorm when Castiel pulls into the driveway, the sun long-since set and the heat finally dying off for the evening. On the porch, a lone candle sits, bringing with it the scent of pine and musk. Definitely not Dean’s, but someone else. Someone Castiel has only met once at the barbecue, and someone that manages intimidate him.
“You can tell me now,” Castiel says, amused. “Again. You could never tell me enough.”
“It’s not the names.” Castiel’s lips twist into a scowl. “Someone damaged your soul, Dean. Humans aren’t capable of inflicting pain upon a soul, no matter how much blood is on their hands. I can see you, I can see through you, and what happened”—he stops to press his hand over Dean’s heart—“wasn’t done by any creature you’ve dealt with. This isn’t just another demon.” Swallowing, Castiel balls his hand into a fist. “Whoever did this had a reason.”
Said cock, Castiel refuses to touch. “C’mon,” Dean hisses, finally—
He tastes like salt, like a hastily snuck cigarette masked by mouthwash. It should be disgusting or off-putting, but Castiel hangs onto it, at least until his brain catches up. Dean claws at him in the interim, struggling to work Castiel out of his button-down, the buttons straining and threatening to pop. Their hips rut together, Dean half-hard and Castiel gaining from friction. This isn’t right. Dean isn’t sane here, and Castiel refuses to become an accomplice to whatever he has planned.
“Get out,” Dean growls. “You better be fucking lucky I’m just a driver, because I’d fire your ass right now.”
“You’re you.” Dean lets him go, only to cradle Castiel’s cheek in his palm. Castiel shudders, turning into him. “I mean, wings are cool and all, but have you seen yourself behind the wheel of a car?” A quick smile flashes across Castiel’s face. Dean presses his thumb to the corner of Castiel’s lips. “Just ‘cause you can’t fly doesn’t mean anything. I can’t either, and I turned out fine.”
Dean moans and digs his nails into Castiel’s thighs, just as Castiel pushes his shorts down around the base of his cock. And what a cock it is, half-hard and wet at the tip. He strokes with a loose grip, peeling the foreskin back to reveal the plummy, soaked head, then back up, again and again. Taunting him, teasing him, and Dean groans around his fingers, saliva pooling under his tongue.
Without any prior explanation, Hannah fits her hand over Castiel’s mark; Dean twitches but stays still, even when Hannah’s eyes begin to glow.
“I think,” Castiel says, curling his fingers into Dean’s palms, “that we’ve been given a second chance. Amara and God reconciled and gave you the chance to live out the rest of your days, and you took the opportunity to save me, even though I don’t deserve your kindness.”
He’s real. This
Castiel pats his wrist, consciously attempting to keep his touch brief. Anyone could walk in at any time. Unfortunately, he knows the game as well. “This is the first time I’ve ever had to teach. Do you promise you won’t cry?”
“Yeah.” Clearing his throat, Dean nods, probably too enthusiastically. “Yeah, that’s… Me too.” With Castiel’s face slowly coming into view, Dean touches his collar, his neck, trailing his fingers up to Castiel’s cheeks, where a fire burns. “Cas, it’s been…” He hides his face in Castiel’s throat, fighting back the emotion in his chest, threatening to boil over. “I’ve wanted this, with you. Always. I used to dream about it, what it’d be like if you stayed. Know the road’s no place for an angel, but I wanted you with us, and then you… One day, you just moved in, and I was too scared.”
“Lay with me,” Castiel says, drawing Dean into a kiss. Dean falls into him, sighing through his nose. “Offer yourself to me.”
Mary left about an hour ago to attend Wednesday night service at the Baptist church, which according to her is less of a religious event and more of a bingo tournament with weekly cash prizes. Dean chose to stay behind, and watching him walk, Castiel can feel his regret from feet away. They walk at a brisk pace, traversing the maze of rooms and making their way to the back porch, where the wind gusts and the windchimes clang more than tinkle. Majority of the sky to their west is black, and sprinkles begin to pelt the patio and the concrete surrounding the pool. Lightning streaks the darkness; his cheeks sting from the sand.
Years ago, Dean might have brushed him off or yanked away. He does the same now, but gentler, with a promise in his eyes. “Get dressed,” he says, urging the towel into Castiel’s hand. “Can’t talk when you’re naked, man.”
“Yes and no,” Castiel says, choosing his words. “There’s certainly suspicion, and he’s afraid that his father might use it against him one day.”
It’s just a house, one the college probably bought and renovated, but it’s beautiful, and probably more than anything he ever could’ve afforded in Los Angeles, any day. The air conditioner works, thankfully, cooling the sweat coating his skin and easing the fever behind his eyes. Picking up his suitcase by the handle, Castiel walks the hall until he finds his room, a nondescript door with a number three nailed into it. He raps his fingers across it, soft. The music doesn’t emanate from here, thankfully, but rather, the door across the hall.
But it is—for all his boldness, Dean intends to wound him, and Castiel can’t keep up his façade.
Sam smiles, patting his shoulder. “Sounds like a plan. Hey, if you’re gonna go see Dean, see if he’ll eat?” He finishes arranging the plate on the counter, toast slathered with enough butter to almost mask the scorch marks and bacon crispy enough to be salvageable.
And a hiss, low and guttural and chilling Castiel to his bones.
His wings sag in the space where he keeps them hidden, arching over his shoulders and draping across his lap. Idle, he strokes through the feathers until the memory fades and his heart settles. Dean would know what to do—but Dean is also asleep, and leaving to find him would mean walking past where Jack is in the living room watching television. Like the old days where they couldn't sneak around until everyone was asleep.
A spark blooms in his chest, one Castiel must notice, though he doesn’t speak a word. Rather than ask, Dean takes Castiel’s hand and presses his lips to the wound. Grace floods his senses, sending a rush of heat through his veins as he swallows every drop. The world ceases to exist, devoid of any feeling, any emotion, any thought that isn’t concentrated solely on Castiel. Anger fades, replaced by a sudden euphoria that brings tears to his eyes.
But Castiel shakes his head and thumbs beneath Dean’s eyes. Dean’s breath hitches, hiccupping as he breaks. Slowly, wholly, until he shakes in Castiel’s hands. “Tell me what’s wrong,” Castiel pleads.
“I could fuck you like this,” Castiel says, merely a suggestion, one Dean wants with all of his chest. “But I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I quit,” Dean says, dropping the phone into his lap. Castiel sits up, his brow pinched. “I quit, Cas. I’m done.”
“You’re a Nephilim,” Castiel says in wonder. He rolls up the scroll and hands it back, then laughs, disbelieving. “The Grace in your line is so old that you’ve lost your abilities, but there’s—That’s the reason your soul is so bright.” He takes the few steps necessary to stand before Dean, his hands hanging at his sides. He wants to touch, and Dean wants him to, but terror overrides every other sense. “That’s the reason you can see me, why other angels are drawn to you. That’s why bonding with you was so easy, because you’re holy.”
How he made it through the last two years might as well be a miracle. That he managed to tattoo scores of people without botching his work, even more so.
Dean ducks his head, a laugh bubbling free. “Man, that sounds so unsexy when you say it like that.”
“Cold,” Castiel says, head bowed.
Unfortunately, Castiel nods. “I’ll give you your space for the night. There’s… things I still have to work through, Dean, and I’m not—”
“Shit.” Dean covers his eyes. They don’t have time to sit around and wait. Somewhere out there, Ruby is dragging Sam across the country to set Lucifer free, and Sam refuses to answer his phone. “What if he—What if they get there before us?”
. “I don’t understand why, but you can see me. And you can touch me without combusting.”
. Word really does travel fast. “For a few months,” Castiel says, trying for a smile. “I’m working on my master’s thesis.”
On the dresser, a rerun of
“It’s meant to be sympathetic,” Castiel says with a wince. “Though I do see how it could be distressing.”
He uses his good hand as a guide, sweeping his fingers along the walls until he runs into a couch or a chair. Once, he trips over the rug and nearly flies into a lamp twice as old as him. Somehow, he manages his way through the living room and happens upon two doorways in the hall leading to the kitchen. To his right, he finds a bottomless pit that must be the basement.
The tears fall, finally. Dean ducks his head, ignoring them at first, then dabbing them away with his shirt collar. Castiel aches for him, to ease his pain, to ease the burden on his shoulders. A burden he’s always carried, for longer than any human should bear. “You shouldn't worry about me,” Dean mumbles. His chin wobbles, and he takes a moment to compose himself, his jaw set tight. “I’m doing just fine. I… I bought this place two years ago, fixed it up real nice. Sammy comes and visits, and Jody and Claire in the summer, and it’s…”
Honestly, Castiel hopes so. “Hannah said my implosion set off a shock wave, and that the demons might know our location,” he says, watching Dean’s eyes widen. “And if that’s the case, I need to teach you how to dispel them.”
“Tornado,” Dean says, as calmly as he can muster. “Siren just went off, we gotta move.”
He nods in the direction of the Impala, and Castiel helplessly follows.
, Castiel thinks. Warm water patters against the tiles, overshadowed by Dean’s breathy moans and Castiel’s resulting sighs, and the noise of skin against skin. Dean’s leg slips; Castiel keeps him steady, unfurling his wings to provide more support. Dean’s eyes widen, and only then does Castiel realize that they aren’t trapped in the ether. A mass of pearlescent white feathers spills free, the top arches holding Dean up against the wall. Dean buries a hand in his feathers, arm resting atop the uppermost bones, and strokes himself faster, chin tilted down.
Dean sprints off the porch and across the grass, in the direction of where it started. Branches crack under his boots and the cicadas continue to wail, somehow growing louder, fiercer. The barn comes into view, and Dean stomps through the remnants of a puddle, sending mud up the sides of his jeans. He ignores it—because the barn doors are open, and inside, he spots the vague outline of a man standing among the carnage.
Slowly, Dean makes his way across Castiel’s body—to the other side of his neck, his wrists, biceps, the jut of his hip. Each time, Dean keeps eye contact, constantly watching, ever observant. Castiel grows hotter in those moments, lost in sensation, lost in Dean’s gaze. At one point, Dean takes the stiletto and cuts across his nipple, drawing an immediate gasp from Castiel’s lips. Grace spills—and Dean
Sonny’s sits about half a mile from Lyle University, tucked between Lyle’s only grocery store and a Wendy’s with a parking lot full of cars. Dean opts to walk tonight, and Castiel follows, hands in the pockets of his jeans and his button-down decidedly looser than he likes. This isn’t Los Angeles, unfortunately, and most of his tight t-shirts are stuck in a drawer at the dorm, never to be worn in public. Dean appreciates it either way, and glances over at him on occasion, probably to make sure he’s still there. Castiel longs to take his hand, to feel the calluses on his fingertips and the warmth of his palm.
Her eyes widen. “Milton?” When Dean nods, Missouri grabs her mouse and types out a string of words, clicking around. “I know that name. Here.” She flips around her monitor, revealing the photo of a man and a woman with three young men standing between them. One of them, he immediately recognizes as Castiel. The rest, he’s never seen in his life. “The Miltons are prominent lawyers in California.”
. “Hey,” he starts, then clears his throat. “Castiel. I’m—I’m at the Palamar, South Ladd Street. Room four, bottom floor. I’m—”
“So you think God saved me?” Dean asks. “You think he made an exception for some poor gay kid?”
Castiel presses a finger to Dean’s lips, his jaw set. “It’s too early for self-loathing,” he says, but edges closer anyway, much to Sonia’s disapproval. “You’re exhausted, Dean. All of your life, you’ve bounced from one crisis to the next, and you’ve never given yourself the time to cope or to grieve, or to process the things you’ve witnessed, that you’ve experienced. You live in a constant state of fight or flight, and the second you give yourself a chance to relax and to reflect, all you can see is the blood on your hands and the damage you’ve done.
“I know,” Dean mumbles. He rubs the back of his neck, antsy. “Just—it’s fifty bucks, man, you don’t gotta do that—”
Sucking in a breath, Dean pulls open the screen and knocks a pattern on the wood. A pause, then a long string of complaints echo through the open windows, followed by thudding footsteps. The door yanks open, and before them stands an older man, about Dean’s height, wearing a threadbare cap and sporting a beard of a few days. A blue-and-white flannel shirt sits over a solid black t-shirt, and his jeans sport a hole in the knee. Age lines mar his face and the corners of his eyes, now wide open and terrified at the sight in front of him.
But Dean ignores him and wraps a hand around his cock. Warm, yielding—Dean strokes him from tip to base, his grip slick and tight. On the upstroke, he squeezes the head, gathering up precome between his fingers; he smooths the foreskin back as he descends, and before long, Castiel’s hips chase him, flexing, mimicking what he’d do if Dean let him inside.
. But Castiel killed a demon for him, Castiel bears scars on his wings for him. And looking at him, Dean can’t find a trace of a lie in his eyes. “Yeah,” he says, then clears his throat. “Let me just… brush my teeth first.”
“We should fuck,” Dean suggests, shameless in his want.
. “Move these candles and I’ll show you.”
Castiel sits up and shows Dean his fingers, all of them covered by multiple Band-Aids. They should be healed by now, but at the time, it was easier to protect himself from pricking himself again. “I had help.” He nudges Dean’s shoulder. “Most of these were from some of the people we knew in Lebanon. A few”—he stops to pet over the centermost patch, adorned with a tan button at the center, from the lowermost button of his coat—“are mine.”
The storm lets up a while later, the rain dwindling to a drizzle and the wind dying down. Light shines through the gaps in the door. Yet, Castiel can’t pull away from Dean and his body, his plush lips and his skilled fingers. Sprawled out on a mattress two sizes too small, Castiel draws Dean closer, content to feel Dean run his fingers down his clothed spine. They should head back inside and check on the house. Mary might be home, or a neighbor might be at the front door.
Sitting back, Bobby sighs. “He called a few weeks ago. Hasn’t really kept in touch. Supposedly he’s back in school.” He sniffles. “Probably not how he wanted it to happen.”
And Castiel intends to.
Just like that—in those few words, Dean’s life might as well be over. All of the words left unsaid slip through his fingers, out of his grasp. The last words he ever heard Castiel speak were in a graveyard—and Dean might as well have buried him months ago, and he never said goodbye. “There’s gotta be something,” he croaks, burying his face in the cushions. He can’t look at her. If he tries, he might scream, or fight her, or break, like he’s always feared. “Some way to reverse it. Hell, call Crowley, he’d probably—”
“Same difference.” Dean takes up the knife and slices across Castiel’s pec, lapping up the bright blue mess in its wake. A trembling hand comes to rest over the back of Dean’s head, urging him in, but Dean pulls back. “She’s gonna die anyway, it doesn’t matter who does it. What makes me any different?”
He turns and finds Castiel’s trench coat hanging from the coat rack behind the door. That, alone, breaks him, more than anything ever could. Living proof that Castiel is here. With it, he always held onto hope that Castiel was out there somewhere—without it, the world might as well be a figment of his imagination, and Castiel a false memory, his mind’s way of coping with a life fraught with trauma and loneliness.
? Before Castiel can ask, Naomi withdraws her hand. Castiel’s Grace recoils and curls into itself, then expands all at once. A chill spreads through his wings, exiting through the tips of his feathers and into the air; turning his hand over, the hilt of a sword appears, with a blade constructed entirely of Grace and a pommel bright enough to fully light even the darkest of rooms. His secondary blade, but different, imbued with more power than he’s ever had.
Low, Castiel hums. A spark of something lights his eyes. Dean hates that look—hates to know what he’s planning. “So you own this house?”
Dean looks beautiful in the sun, his skin shining with the afterglow and his body light, unhindered. Standing in the surf, Castiel looks back on occasion, at the man lying on a towel in the sand, sunglasses on his face and every inch of him slathered in sunscreen. Farther into the water, two snorkels bob; Jack surfaces, holding a sand dollar the size of a baseball, and Sam comes up with a handful of kelp.
Castiel’s face remains neutral. “I may have snuck onto the office computer while you were unconscious,” he says, without a trace of shame. “I hadn’t taken into account how long humans sleep.”
Audibly, Bobby sighs. “You know he doesn’t care about that,” he says. He pats Dean’s cheek before sitting on the opposite bed, the one where Sam slept the night before…
He takes another moment to unpack his bag before he rounds the lectern, heading in Dean’s direction. Dean looks up from the pillow of his arms, smiling softly. “Good morning.”
Dean gets that. Most days during the school year, he wakes up just in time to drive the half-mile it takes to reach campus and suffers through his first class on an empty stomach. “You said you got a thesis,” Dean starts, slicing his cutlet into a thin strip and slathering it with gravy. “How many people we talkin’?”
“Awesome,” Dean laughs. His lips taste of sweat, and love drips from his tongue, more intoxicating than even the most potent of spirits. “Really fucking good, Cas.”
“We hit up libraries, the police station, everything. No one would even show us the bodies, and no records were online.” He purses his lips. “Thinking back, that should’ve told us that the whole thing was a set-up. But we went in anyway, and checked out this barn a few miles outside of town.” A pause. “I don’t remember anything after that.”
. “Dean!”
Castiel gives him a nod, the only answer Dean needs.
Sam pats his shoulder, digging his fingertips into his shirt sleeve. “Like you said, it’s over,” he says, trying for a smile. “And once you and Castiel finish this, then maybe you can… It’s not natural to live like we do. Maybe you can settle down, rent an apartment somewhere. Find a job that doesn’t involve being elbow-deep in gore.”
Dean nods along, eventually lifting his eyes to meet Castiel’s. “You asking me to kill you, Cas?”
“But Dad still died,” Dean mumbles, then shakes his head.
“No.” Castiel places the phone on the table, afterward shuttering the screen. “I was looking through your photos.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, breathless. “Yeah, just…”
Dean nods. “They wanted me to find you dead,” he mutters. “Thought they’d get some reward, bringing two dead bodies to fucking… Crowley, like he’d care. ‘Cause they weren’t gonna stop with you, they came after me too.” He pulls up the hem of his shirt, exposing the wound to his stomach. His temple still aches if he thinks about it too hard. “They’re dead now, so.”
It’s quiet, peaceful. A world without sound, without automotive noise or voices shouting through the walls, without the radio or the wind in his ears. With Dean at his side, close enough to touch if he wanted. And he wants—so badly that his fingers itch, a craving living under his skin.
But Naomi knows. Her lips pull into a thin line, brow furrowed. “I’ve always thought you were strange,” she says, flipping his hand over. A rush of Grace pours into his own, foreign and intoxicating. “You followed orders blindly, but you had doubts. You had questions none of us could answer. Maybe that’s in the beauty of it.” A small smile crosses her lips. “Very few of our kind have experienced true happiness, Castiel. True free will. Whatever your choice, I hope you don’t grow to regret it.”
A hole left by the man at his side, and a hole Castiel is determined to fill.
Dean leaves the hospital the next day, sunglasses over his eyes and his crew chief at his front, keeping him out of sight of any of the photographers swarming the front of Halifax Medical Center. He can barely walk, held up purely by his hand to Bobby’s shoulder, and the minute he slides into the passenger seat of Bobby’s truck, he bursts into tears. His perpetual state ever since he woke up, but now even more so, with a crowd surrounding him, shouting questions through the windows.
. “I was just gonna ask—There’s a bar on the other side of town, Sonny’s. Figure we can get a drink, people watch. Might give you a chance to meet the locals.”
And he loves it. The longer Castiel goes on, the higher Dean flies. Tears spill through closed eyelids, and Castiel laps those away as well. Once, he kisses Dean, tasting of copper and salt, all too intoxicating. “Cas,” Dean begs as Castiel swipes across his Adam’s apple, his tongue teasing the seam and drawing more blood free. It stings, sending a thrill to his cock. “Cas, want you to…”
Live oaks line the streets, adorning the front yards of businesses and homes, with Spanish moss draped from their looming branches. Walking up the wooden ramp, Dean tucks his hands into his pockets and keeps his head bowed as Sam leads the way. Shame creeps up his neck, even more so when they walk through the door and the same woman shrieks. “No, no, please,” Sam explains. Dean pinches his eyes shut, willing the tears away. “Look, we just need your help, alright?”
“I was alone, until I found you.” He smiles, tears spilling free. Dean catches them before they fall. “I think I understand now.”
Closing the door, Castiel knees his way onto the mattress. He sits, facing Dean, his ankles crossed and his wings spread wide, no matter if Dean can see them or not. Based on the blankness in his eyes, he can’t. “I don’t understand,” he starts. His eyes travel to Dean’s hands, where he fidgets with his socks, a motion Castiel has never seen him do before. “Did you curse me?”
“It’s great,” Charlie chuckles. “Costs like, a dollar a day to get in. C’mon, meet me in the parking lot?” Reaching over, she grabs the first pair of flip flops she can find in her size and rushes to the register, whistling as she bounces along.
It should comfort him. Dean’s presence should ease his mind, but the weight of something hangs between them.
Whenever that day is, Dean can hardly wait.
If Castiel’s cock felt great in his ass, then his mouth is even better. Dean can smell the musk on him, even after a shower and a quick fuck against the tiled wall. His knees in the carpet, Dean clings to Castiel’s hips and works his cock in a lazy rhythm, alternating between mouthing at the head and taking Castiel to the back of his throat. That, Castiel likes, probably too much.
Lying in the corner, Dean closes his eyes and curls into himself, an arm over his face. Around him, in the dozens and hundreds of other cells just like his own, he hears shouts and sobs, and worst of all, the pleas of mercy when two of their captors wander the halls to take someone to the room Dean has lovingly begun to call Death Central. Some mornings, he fights back. Others, he just lets it happen, because retaliating only makes it worse, but submitting makes them cut in deeper.
Dean makes a noise deep in his chest. Kissing his throat, it only gets louder. His hands come to rest atop the small of Castiel’s back, trailing up his spine to rest over the slits of his wings. “Cas,” he says, nearly a moan. “Mm, did something while you were sleeping. Think you’ll like it.” And he turns, bracing an arm on the wall. With his other hand, he grapples for Castiel’s hip, grabbing hold of his wrist. “Think you can figure out what to do here?”
Knowing that Castiel is with him doesn’t abate his fear. If anything, it amplifies it, solely from the knowledge that if she wanted, Lilith could annihilate them both with a thought. But he’s made it this far, a few hundred feet below the surface and creeping into a room that probably shouldn't exist. Maybe she isn’t as homicidal as everyone has led him to believe.
“Sounds like him,” Dean manages, just as Castiel picks up speed. Castiel rubs the head into his palm, and Dean bites his lip, struggling not to do something like
“It’s an option,” Castiel says, close to backtracking. “I know you’re fond of it—”
His stomach growls, or attempts to, too exhausted to do more than gurgle for half a second.
His car is a few feet away. He can still escape.
“My son,” Mary asks before Castiel can think to open his mouth. “Is he alright? Is he—”
The pain distracts him, thankfully, drawing his attention from Castiel stripping out of his shirt to the line of blood pooling in his palm. At least this, he’s familiar with, and the scars to go along with it. “Please tell me you’ll heal this after,” Dean complains and hands the bloodied knife to Castiel by the blade. “’Cause I really wanna be able to use my hand tomorrow.”
“Screw your plan,” Dean says. He clenches his fist, and the light snaps, sending the candles aflame one last time before they snuff out. Lilith collapses with a gurgle, her body sprawled out in a puddle. Her skin breaks down the moment she fades, leaving behind a dirtied dress and a pile of ash in her wake.
Objectively, Dean gets that, but it still stings all the same. All the times he prayed as a child, all the times he begged for mercy on the rack, and no one answered. That they heard him only makes it hurt more.
“We’ve received word through Christopher that Alastair’s army is on the move,” the other angel says. She takes Castiel’s hand into both of hers, shaking it robotically. “My name is Hannah.”
In fact, Castiel plays along. He lifts his hand, pressing his thumb to the corner of Dean’s lips. Dean kisses the pad, his breath shaking. “You can ask me,” Castiel says, low. “You won’t get extra credit, though.”
“You never let me explain myself,” Castiel says. His hand falls away, too far for Dean to reach. “You ran.”
. “It didn't hurt,” Dean says, mostly to himself. The only part of him that aches is the handprint seared into him. The rest, he barely felt other than a constant pressure, like a really good hug that lingers, or the excitement before a kiss. No pain.
“Just think about it.” Standing, Sam stretches his arms above his head. “Castiel is… really nice. I’m glad you have someone, even if he is an angel.”
“No, no, this is good.” Dean hands them back, and Sam shoves them into his pockets with the conch still in hand. “That thing alive?”
And Dean’s soul latches onto him the second he slips in, his despair leaving a bitter taste in Castiel’s mouth. Dean breathes out, so close to a whine that Castiel can’t help but pull him closer, both body and soul. Holding him here, he can’t help but remember the first time he saw Dean—witnessed him, really—and how bright he was, how his soul cried out the moment Castiel brought him into his arms. He was beautiful, holy—and in the flesh, even more so.
He makes a day of it—or, a few minutes—and takes the long way to the estate. Through the moss-lined streets and by the ocean, past houses neither of them would ever be able to afford. Dean doesn’t notice any of it, but Sam relishes the silence, because if the day goes like he expects, then this will be the last he sees of Dean. He can’t stop him, not this time—and oh, how he wants to
“As long as it doesn't burn me out of my vessel, then it’s fine,” Castiel says.
Sighing through his nose, Dean turns to face Castiel. Castiel tips his face up with a finger to his chin; minutely, he feels Dean’s jaw clench. “I know,” Dean says, strained but exhausted. “Not gonna lie, still kinda pisses me off.”
He’ll probably feel it tomorrow, the raw edge in his throat that he can’t quite gargle away. But he can’t help it, even when Castiel begins to fuck his throat in slow, steady shoves that test Dean’s limits. Dean rocks his hips into the sheets, cock desperate for friction. It works—somehow, Castiel slips in that final few centimeters, and Dean noses the thick curls at the base, all at once sated.
It takes three days to dry Sam out. Three days of trying to avoid the muffled screams from the panic room, and three days of burying himself in whatever alcohol he can find. Castiel stays close but rarely speaks, and Bobby introduces Dean to the wonder of earplugs.
“Ain’t seen you ‘round here,” he slurs, swaying on his feet. Rough, like he’s putting on a show. “You new?”
He can’t move. He can barely breathe, and outside, Dean screeches and cries, and Castiel can’t save him.
. “’Cause that’s fine, man. I mean, if you’re not into it—”
Clothes help. Gingerly, he pulls on a pair of sweatpants and a ratty t-shirt, both smelling like his detergent and not like they’ve been disinfected too many times. Bracing a hand on the wall, he walks from the bathroom and crawls his way onto his mattress, still as firm as ever. From the other bed, Sam hits a series of buttons with the remote, bringing the television to a different input. From there, he brings up the YouTube app, and types in
“Birthday party,” Castiel says, fighting off a shudder. That explains the balloons and shouting parents. “Though, I’m sure there’s better restaurants in town for that.”
Dean is beautiful.
Castiel might as well be his entire world.
Castiel takes them, marveling at the calluses on Dean’s fingertips, the strength in his hands. If humanity means that he can touch Dean whenever he wants, that he can experience the wonders of the human body and the world, then it may not be as bad as the first time, now that he has the chance to enjoy it.
