“The planet? What had a planet to do with it?! I thought you didn't know anything about the solar system!”
John didn't even try to say anything against it at this point. The lady beamed. “Oh, then I won't bother you any further. Thank you two so much for your help!”
“May I see?” he asked the vendor who handed it to him just too kindly. But instead of taking the ornament, Sherlock seized his wrist. John took a step closer so he was directly next to Sherlock, just in case.
“You would – What? You want to break into his house?!”
“Okay, okay!” Lesatrde interrupted John again. “I don't need you to tell me how socially awkward Sherlock is, I know that myself. The case, John.”
Sherlock JUMPED IN THE BLOODY THAMES! IN DECEMBER” He ran his hands through his hair frenetically. Wasn't he slowly getting to old for this?
It was needless to say that John's nerves were quite strained by now.
“What?” Some more blinking, and John did nothing to keep himself from laughing at Sherlock. For being a genius the man could be quite stupid.
Sherlock tilted his head, his brows furrowed. “I do that every time. Why do you still worry? Why do you worry at all, I know perfectly well what I'm doing.”
“Not our man. I'm missing something. What am I missing? WHO am I missing?” Sherlock muttered as he pushed past John. They'd gone down the half of the Westminster Bridge by now. Sherlock's eyes scanned the crowd. What was he searching for? John's gaze followed the detective's to try to see what Sherlock saw when his eyes suddenly lit up. They had settled on a man selling cheesy Christmas ornaments, loudly advertising them. He looked rather ridiculous in his Santa Claus costume up there on a few boxes so he would be an eye catcher. Not that he looked less stupid in his costume than Sherlock did in attire. But he had picked up a scent. And John would be stupid not to follow right behind him.
“Hey, I don't care what excuse he used to get into the old woman's house or that you are done with explaining to people that you're not actually gay. You wanted to break into Mr. Campell's house?! Please tell me you didn't actually do it.”
Sherlock didn't answer, instead moved his toes and shifted his weight back and forth. He looked to the ground frowning, and John decided he didn't even want to try to figure out what he might be thinking. He would fail anyway.
“When will you finally stop playing God?!”
what he was doing so they could help him.
He scrunched up his nose. “What? Why? John, this is for the case! Maybe my explanation was a bit fragmentary-”
John uncrossed his arms. “Will you finally tell me?”
But, then again, she didn't know Sherlock and smiled at him. “That would be lovely. My home just down the road.”
Their client, probably in his forties, was sitting in the clients' usual chair. Everything about him basically screamed nervousness, and John knew how much it was annoying Sherlock. The man was bouncing his left leg restlessly, looked around the flat hectically; he was rubbing his hands quickly as if to warm them up. It could be true since it was terribly icy and windy outside but the movement was too fast to be just for the sake of warming up.
in the world John Watson would even notice
The lady shook her head. “No, I'll merely be spending the holidays with my daughter's family. My grandchildren are just lovely!”
“That was the Campells' car. I saw it in Baker Street and I just saw them get in. That's how I know,” he answered the unspoken question and chuckled, probably at John's astonished features. “So much time and you're still surprised by me, John; it's adorable.”
“Anything else to say? It was the gardener like I said. You can arrest him, Lestrade. You should find enough evidence in the garden shed, I doubt he was clever enough to hide it any better. And could they stop wrapping this blanket around me, we already had that!”
“Well, yes. The case is solved, the murderer caught. No one got hurt, and I'm only adding that because that's, for some reason, so incredibly important to you... well, no one got seriously injured at least.”
“We-”
He flinched. “No! Uhm, I mean I... I don't know. The doctor said he didn't know but it wasn't an allergy. At least not a pollen allergy. I sent them off to their grandparents anyway because not only my wife started to complain about the same symptoms but some of our neighbours did, too! They all went to their doctors but none could ever tell what the reason for the symptoms were.”
His unresponsive silence was eventually answered with Sherlock getting up to bring the kettle to a boil. John wasn't sure whether or not he could expect him to make him a cup as well; he would most likely simply forget that John might want one, too. Well, he would probably forget that John was even there.
“Decency.”
“When?”
That would have made John look up in surprise if he hadn't been used to this by now. He had lost count of how many times people had already assumed that he and Sherlock were a couple. What made him look up was Sherlock's stuttering.
“Right.” Mr. Campell cleared his throat, and Sherlock looked ready for murder. “So, my family and I bought a Christmas tree last week and we decorated it. Actually, I'm not someone for a tree but the children and my wife insisted on it. We decorated it but afterwards, when we got together I noticed that my kids felt unwell. They complained about a headache and a dry-”
“The garden shed, alright... thank you. Maybe next time you'll decide to let us in on your plans.” Lestrade looked ready to throw a punch at Sherlock for keeping doing these absolutely ridiculous things he was doing but turned around instead to order his men what to do. Which left John to be pissed at Sherlock.
“Why? Baker Street is still missing one... Thank you,” Sherlock replied after a moment of silence and slipped the phone back into the pocket of his coat without having said goodbye. “Three theories,” he corrected himself opening the patio door.
“He knows that reindeers look different, right?” Greg seriously doubted it.
“You're damn right. Now, he's broken into more than one house?” Lestrade wasn't even angry at this point anymore. Just really really done and really, really in need for a coffee. Laced with some alcohol. Some strong alcohol.
He really didn't want to know any of that.
After having given the fir branch barely as much as another glance Sherlock had thrown it onto his chair, taken his coat and left Baker Street with an incredibly relieved John in tow. Sherlock might have insisted that the case was boring but he was in a rather delighted mood.
Sherlock turned around but didn't stop walking. “Come on, John. You know me well enough that this shouldn't surprise you anymore. I need more data. You're a doctor, what did you think his entire neighbourhood fell ill with?”
“Ah, right. So, after we had solved the problem with the sweater...”
Lestrade, in the meanwhile, was sure he would one day die because of them and the stupid stuff they kept getting themselves in.
John wanted to punch him.
“We're going to Mr. Campell's house. Thanks by the way for advising him to spend the day out,” Sherlock answered. John could, as usual, not follow.
“Oh, right! They'll make amazing Christmas cards, trust me,” John grinned upon taking out his phone.
John backed away from Sherlock and managed to catch him just in time before he could break down completely. Maybe he was in shock more than any of them had previously thought, maybe John had completely overwhelmed him, maybe he had-
Sherlock's eyes ran over John who had crossed his arms in front of his chest. “You're angry. Why?”
“You don't really believe that, do you?” Sherlock interrupted him. He had tilted his head at John. “I mean I wouldn't have taken on the case if it was that simple.”
“Oi! Christmas ornaments, just tha best, right here, right now! Madame, how 'bout an angel? Look at this beautiful silver! Or a ball'rina for ya little daughter? I'm sure she'd love one! Or you, Sir, a silver star for ya shining star?”
Sherlock sighed. “John, you disappoint me. Really. We need to go, there's a potential murderer running around. Wait, what are you doing there?”
“I think there's something wrong with him. He jumped into the Thames to catch a murderer. Or at least someone with the intention to murder,” Doctor Watson explained as if there was any logic behind it. There probably was for him and Sherlock, but not for Greg.
“Oi, mate!” Sherlock called out with an accent that was so not him that John cringed at it. “What can ya recommend me?”
Sherlock merely huffed at the suggestions and turned his back towards John. “Fine, then keep sulking like a child,” he muttered turning the page. Sherlock looked up at the new sound but returned to his previous posture quickly. He hadn't even bothered to dress himself yet and John hoped this wouldn't be a day he would spend complaining. If that was the case he would leave the flat before he would be driven mad.
John rolled his eyes.”Oh come on, do I really-”
“I need to prove some things,” Sherlock merely replied. John groaned quietly. Had he really expected a proper answer? He should know better by now. “Lock the patio door behind me, then leave through the front door. We'll be meeting up in Baker Street. Don't forget your shoes and try not to get caught, will you?” Sherlock didn't wait for an answer, he swept out of the door, his long black coat floating behind him like a cape.
?! He felt the desire to push Sherlock to the ground and follow with his fists. What was wrong with the man?! But he didn't do any of that, he had to sue all his strength to suppress the longing and smile at the lady as she turned around. He would murder Sherlock for that.
Sherlock bent towards the tree again, eyeing the silver and golden ornaments suspiciously. “Would you mind telling me about your theories now? Or even one?” John crossed his arms over his chest. He didn't even try to not sound annoyed.
“Don't you have anything else to – oh, why do I even ask anymore?”
“Caring.” The word rolled off his tongue as if he was trying them out even though they'd been through this at least a million times by now. “I care about you, too, John.”
“Maximum pressure, under a second; A new case, finally!” And with that he was almost out of the door. John threw away his newspapers and hurried after him, grabbing him by his upper arm just a moment before he could reach for the handle.
“Okay, okay,” Lestrade interrupted John's monologue. “I really don't need to know about Sherlock's attitude towards shopping of any kind or the way his shirts stretch over his chest.” Lestrade was positively shuddering at the thought of that and even more at the thought of
John waited patiently until Lestrade looked up and gestured for him to continue.
to. Sherlock would give him an answer anyway because he liked to hear himself talking.
“He'll be out and since he'll be spending the entire day with his family – no idea who would voluntarily spend an entire day with children, seriously – we will have enough time to get a good look around his house.”
Sherlock rose and took his phone from his pocket. “Four theories, most probably decreasing within the next few moments...” He typed on his phone and held it to his ear. He was committing a burglary and still had the nerve to make a phone call?! “Ah, hello Mr. Campell,” Sherlock said feigning a smile. “Oh no, everything is fine. Where did you get your Christmas tree from?”
The corner's of Sherlock's mouth twitched. “Better not to leave any clues behind, John. Take off your shoes.”
“Theory.”
“I, uhm... yes, I... ah... please, let me help you with this! It's the least I can do!” he hurried to say way too friendly and took the bags. Oh come one, the old lady couldn't really buy that, could she?
John Watson was sure this was the most ridiculous thing he had ever seen and John Watson had seen a lot of things. But never Sherlock Holmes in that attire.
“But our little girl fell sick afterwards. She was devastated when we told her we couldn't got to the Chrstmas market today,” Sherlock continued imitating the face of a worried and sorrowful father perfectly. It was only when the lady answered that John finally understood what Sherlock was aiming at.
The man gasped terrified, and John groaned. “Sherlock.”
“Oh, I almost forgot, I brought a sample of out Christmas tree for you!” He jumped up and started searching through the pockets of his coat furiously. “Had to take my children's new favourite bauble down, they wanted to murder me...”
It was his turn to gasp in surprise when all of sudden he felt Sherlock grab his head and pull him in for another kiss. His lips moved against John's slowly but passionately and it didn't seem like he was about to stop anytime soon judging by how tight his grip was. Not that John minded, oh. Not at all. His eyes flattered shut as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist and pressed his body against his own. Warmth radiated through his body from where they touched.
But, for the first time, John felt like he had a pretty good idea of what was going on beneath the dark and messy curls of the bloody idiot whose lips tasted like black coffee and smoke and home.
John really wasn't. But he couldn't deny the rush of adrenaline. He knew it was wrong and absolutely reckless but his fingers were tingling and he knew Sherlock knew it, too. There was no point of denying it.
“He somehow managed to take off the sweater and use it to tie the man up... no idea how he did it though. By the man he had brought him to the shore, the paramedics and you have already arrived and well... that's the case,” John finished his story.
But before Sherlock could answer his question he bumped (on purpose, John could tell!) into an older lady passing them by.
His train of thoughts and Sherlock's tea making were interrupted by a short ringing of the doorbell. Both men's head shot up, looking towards the door first, then at each other.
“Yes, of course. I care about you, Sherlock Holmes. A lot actually. But no matter how often I tell you, you don't seem to get it. You can be awfully oblivious sometimes.”
“I still don't see the problem.” Greg exhaled slumping into his chair. Should he really be worried? It was Sherlock after all. “Except that he might catch a cold. By the way, why didn't I know he was on a case?!”
“Thank you,” he hissed smirking at the vendor who didn't seem to understand. “By the way, the name is Sherlock Holmes and you have a nice silver stain on your fingers.” Something like realisation dawned on the vendor's face but it didn't last long. It turned into utter shock when Sherlock abruptly stepped onto the boxes and gripped him by his shirt's collar before he flung themselves down the bridge right into the Thames.
“Where are we going?” John asked, hands in his pocket. Sherlock hadn't said any more since they had left the flat, and John sadly wasn't gifted with the ability of knowing a person's thoughts based on the colour of their shirt.
He sighed. “I obviously didn't walk through the dirt like you did,” Sherlock cared to explain with a vague gesture of his hand. He strode through the living room towards the tree and eyed it. “Why do people buy these? Where is the sense behind that?” he asked, rather himself than anyone else. “It's sentiment. Is it sentiment?”
“Theory. There's only one remaining... I just need to find the convict... blend into the crowd but keep an eye on me. I might need your help,” Sherlock answered, pushed his coat into John's hand and was gone with that.
“Then go to the grocery store. We're out of milk again,” John remarked. “Or sit in the tube and deduce people. Maybe you'll discover a murderer.”
“Ah, right. My wife and I had a headache and sick stomach, too, just like most of the neighbours. Some even vomited or uhm... yes.” He left the sentence unfinished but John, as a doctor himself, knew what he wanted to say.
“John, I need a case!”
“Call Lestrade! I caught him someone who wanted to attempt murder!” Sherlock shouted before the man suddenly grabbed him and pushed his head beneath the water. John watched anxiously but Sherlock managed to get the upper hand and instead push the vendor beneath the water.
“It might be if you'd had the grace to tell me about your theories.”
“Oh, hello John.”
“I uhm... we need some back up over here. Westminster Bridge,” the Doctor said on the other end of the line. Greg automatically sat straighter in his chair. It usually never meant something good when either Sherlock or John called and needed “help”.
As a car passed them by, Sherlock's smirk and steps grew wider to a point John had a little trouble following. He didn't ask how Sherlock knew which of the houses was Mr. Campell's but he assumed Sherlock had simply googled the man.
“Yes. We would always decorate it together,” he said, his voice full of the emotion the memories were charged with. Fond memories of a time before all of them had grown up.
“You almost got killed! He would have shot you if Lestrade and I wouldn't have made it in time!”
“I told you so.”
“Would you like one in Baker Street?”
“It was actually non-existent. You didn't even tell me about any of your theories! I followed you through half of London like a dog!” he clarified and watched how Sherlock blinked a few times as if he didn't understand.
John cleared his throat. “Right. Where was I? Ah. So, we were sitting...”
The statement almost knocked John of his feet. He couldn't do anything but blink at his friend for a solid minute. He must look like Sherlock when John had told him that he was his best friend. “What?”
“It's a nice tree. Where did you get it from?” Sherlock asked. His interest did sound real now.
“Well, that's what's coming next...”
Just bloody
Keeping an eye on Sherlock was, despite his height and ridiculous appearance, quite hard. When he was trailing, feeling like he could wrap up the case at any moment, he was like a snake; quiet, invisible, dangerous, adapting to its surroundings without any problem. Hidden in plain sight, to be discovered only when it was too late.
John was at his wit's end, probably just like Lestrade who was standing next to him. They were both standing in front of Sherlock who had absolutely stupidly solved a case on his own again and was now sitting in the back of an ambulance car. John found himself being relegated to their very first case again as he saw how the emergency doctor kept putting a blanket around Sherlock, and how he kept pushing it from his shoulders.
"Well, since Dr Watson has an entire blog dedicated to his flatmate, Mr Holmes would be preferable," Harold gave quickly. John started walking, pulling his phone out to seem distracted as he and Sherlock bumped shoulders, causing the dark-haired man to stumble some. The other two stopped, Dr Watson sighing, rolling his eyes as if expecting what will come next.
"... that you shagged my brother in the kitchen as I was puking," The voice revealed itself with the distinguished sound of Sherlock's purring chuckle. John felt his knees go weak.
"Oh, uh, sorry," They both laughed.
It was too late to write a reply and they'd probably be on their way in the morning, arriving in two days. John felt... Well, he didn't really know how to feel, it was still such a shock to him. His mum told him to focus on his school work, so why was she so quick to change her mind like this...?
He hadn't bothered to open his eyes. There was a shift, then John said with a hum, "21.30," Sherlock groaned again. He moved his arm to try and uncover himself as he said something about getting back to his house, however, as soon as his nerves sent the message of movement form his brain, Sherlock's arm practically shot with pain.
"Don't question me, William," Sherlock winced a bit as the clock tower boomed its bell and rang it through the entire castle. Potions class had officially ended. "Well? Get out of here, William," she scoffed and grabbed on to her children's shoulders. "Don't come home for Christmas holiday, William," and she was gone.
"I wanted to talk to you about something," John said. Jacob looked up with wonder, "later, though," John suggested. Jacob nodded and John sat down in the red armchair again. He began playing his Uke again.
"Where's your, uh, bodyguard, eh?" Jim asked, clearing his throat as he looked around, craning his neck to search for spots of yellow heading their direction.
"Awww! Jonny's homesick!" Another soldier teased jokingly from across the table.
"Yeah, it's fine, It happens all the time," John reassured as he looked over at Bill. They all sat.
"That wasn't just me," John swallowed. It took a moment for them to realise that they were in a peculiar spot to be in for teenage boys. Sherlock cleared his throat, taking a step back. He hadn't even realised how much room they actually had as the moment of laughter had been Sherlock's visual priority. What is this... w-weakness?!
"Do you think it's true?" John asked nervously. William looked over at him, locked their eyes and dais,
"Why did y-? How did I come up in conversation?" John pinched the bridge of his nose,
"You could try a flat share," Mike suggested and John replied with another bitter scoff as he took another sip of his coffee.
William quickly grabbed his mobile and went to the library. He went to the computers and looked up a lot of information on telescopes and star constellations. He was doing a lot. A lot more than John would've liked, but he steered the project in a wrong direction, so William was willing to put in all of the effort to get this good grade.
22.07.93   10:07
John gaped. “You can make a glamor, then? Can you transform?”
John felt as if the foundation beneath his feet were crumbling.
Abashed, John obeyed. “Are we very far away? Will Sherlock be safe?”
Sherrin is silent for several heartbeats.
Subject: Guess who!
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, for giving us safe haven, and for your hospitality.”
John sucked in his breath. “Oh. I’m so sorry.”
for me yet, do you dear? I’d love to crochet a baby blankie or two, and you know,
“But… you said you wanted to me to tell you first, what I remembered.”
“SHERLOCK!”
“Yes. Against the wishes of the Faerie King, Our Lady gave the halfbloods safe passage and a haven of her own, across the Wall. She and her supporters protect them still, at great risk.”
“Sylvain Sherrin Holmes-Watson,” John adds, squeezing his hand. “Hey, pass me my drink, will you? I want to hear what happens to Frodo.”
Water drips off of Sherlock as he climbs, pattering onto John below. He watches him scale the distance with surprising steadiness and speed, oddly touched at the sight of his long bare feet gripping the rope. He can picture him haring across the moor toward the well, fresh on a lead from some damned riddle that showed him the way. He imagines him finding it, throwing off his Belstaff and suit coat, kicking off his shoes, throwing down the rope...
“You can tell we’re halfbloods just by
Johnny stumbled to a halt and balled up his fists, chest heaving. It was no use, he was caught. As the two taller boys surrounded him, he jutted up his chin to face them, tear tracks bright on his grubby cheeks.
He glanced at his left hand, imagining it holding the paper cone with gleaming copper talons. He shuddered.
“Pardon?” John glanced up from his soup with a confused smile, but guilt flashed across his face.
“It’s obvious. The tail feathers of that
Suddenly he stops mid-pace, a dangerous idea crystallizing in his mind. One glance at John sobbing in his sleep and he knows he has to try.
To Sherlock’s surprise, Mycroft briefly grips his shoulder and gives him a little shake.
“John, really. I look ridiculous.”
“Tell me what you remember.”
He flops back into the bedclothes, gripping a pillow with a fierce pulse of emotion - something tricky composed of relief, happiness, and anxiety. This is what he’s wanted. For years, he’s ached for it. But he’s also rather gotten used to his state of purgatory, had convinced himself they could coexist side by side and it would be enough.
“As I’ve told you, while I was gone, I had been focused on removing the threat that had been placed upon Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and yourself. It is a… complicated story. That I will tell you.”
Sherlock gives him a little squeeze.
“Huh! King Arthur,
Sherlock making tea… When did he last see him making tea? His head pulses with a fierce ache. He winces, frowning, and rubs at his temples. Sherlock has frozen at the kitchen counter, watching John intently. His hands hover over the steaming teapot, dangling the teabags.
John pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and pulls him back down, crushing their lips together.
when he will next be ordering Red Sun takeaway.
He sobers, chewing his lip. “I was thinking of the middle name… for boy or girl… I’d like it to tie to your family, like an homage…”
John grips him back. “You’ve really thought this over. But what’s happened? Since when are you the baby-wanting type?”
They step off the tube in Vauxhall, bellies full of sashimi and salted edamame, heads abuzz from warm saki.
can be fairly compared.”
John barked a laugh. “Hardly. The first time I tried the iron song-spell, I blacked out for hours.”
“But I still don’t understand, why would he become preoccupied with
He quailed under her sudden, steely look.
“Blimey.” Lestrade rubs his hands over his face. “I can’t believe it. End of an era, this.”
“The hospital’s just phoned. Sherrin’s woken.”
magic? You never got trained for it?”
“Now, I have other deliveries to make before they fire me for good this time.”
Son of a
Suddenly the medium’s eyes popped open and he smiled. It was a look of such joy that John found himself grinning back at him, then checked himself and scowled.
Sherlock folded his hands beneath his chin, thinking rapidly. “Incredible,” he breathed. “It’s so
right now than the angry, pregnant wife he isn’t sure how to love anymore.
“Oy, you missed me!” Sherrinford hollers.
Suddenly John’s eyes open. His words tumble out.
Are you seriously saying that you’ve been concerned for
John shook his head with incredulous awe. Was Mrs. Hudson a collector of rare artifacts, or had she actually traveled all over the
John sets the tea down by Sherlock’s chair and pulls out the laptop from his small pile of bags still by the door. He should start settling in, he thinks, but the hangover keeps him slouched in his comfortable chair.
someone blush.
He prods Sherrin’s incomplete formula in his mind where it’s spinning slowly in space. It looks similar to his own work on DT21…
“Every few days, another one would hit me. I’d be standing on the corner waiting to cross with a bag of shopping. And
I would be a foolish old bogle if I didn’t welcome help when it appeared, improbable as you both appear.”
John grins. “Look, Sherlock.” He holds up a greasy-looking paper cone wrapped in newsprint. “Chips!
The pads of John's fingers grope in slow, concentric circles for anything he could use to loosen the bolts. The water is over his chin when a surprised little “Oh” bursts from him with a bubble of hope as his hand bumps into something on its slow path across the ground.
Peering across the water, John saw hundreds of lights glowing through the fog along the shore. The blurry silhouettes of sharp-spired buildings hulked against a night sky the tint of a bruised orange. Where was the forest on fire, the Netters?
John had floated absent-mindedly through each patient that day as if under a
“Not your fight, you saggy old queen,” one of the group jeers.
Groaning, Kinsey pushed his way through the flap, calling, “Don’t forget my pint!” over his shoulder.
Sherlock becomes aware that, while he’s standing rooted to the sitting room floor, rocking their drowsy baby, John has begun to pace, his left hand clenching, the tiniest trace of a limp in his leg. The immediate threat seems to have passed, but there is still work to do.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed.
are you–”
Sherlock drops his head against the couch cushions with a contented huff. John, unnerved, scowls as he settles back against him.
.” Suddenly all of her airs drop and she is steel and honed edges. “It’s ridiculously simple, Sherlock. Deliver us the completed formula, Sherrinford wakes up. Refuse us,” she shrugs, “we let him linger a while before we kill him, give your poor Mum something to hope for.
this week, or so he texted me.” He grins wickedly. “Didn’t expect that marriage to last a New York minute.”
John nods tensely. He sucks in a deep breath, visibly relaxing his shoulders. When he can speak again, his voice is calmer.
“You… know the curvature of my foot? Oh, hell, course you do.” John chuckles, bewildered. “Snowdonia. Well, that’s brilliant. I’ve never been up that way before. Can I help? Or shall I… just pop down?”
“Just Geoffrey,” he replies without missing a beat. “He’s been assigned to us as my personal bodyguard while I’m on sabbatical, maybe after.”
“Excellent, good detective work, General.” With a sigh, he made a small gesture to Tobi who sprang up from where she’d been leaning sullenly against a brightly-painted wagon, as far from the Netters as she could professionally be.
“But you returned on the evening I was proposing to a
“You don’t remember?
the halfbloods? Were these the minority you spoke of?”
guys.”
To: wssh1875@iol.com
to think you’re responsible. It keeps everything so much neater – you solve their riddle, you dispose of their ex-employee, you keep quiet in your horror and grief.”
Mrs. Hudson beamed. “It’s actually always been here, and it’s London that grew around it. We’re in a sort of
Sherlock clicks off the lamp, tosses the flannel in the general direction of the bathroom, and scrambles under the blankets. He spoons John from behind, his arm tucked around his belly and peppering his neck with small kisses. John grins sleepily and snuggles tighter against him, but all his lust has been spent. Sherlock realizes he’s fallen asleep.
“Right, of course. Let’s… here, can we get another bed in here?”
The title Sacre Coeur, or
Subject: EUREKA
“What,” Sherlock seethes, “is
Mrs. Hudson nodded approvingly and sent him back to the table to chop parsnips.
“Oh, poor love.” Janine wrinkles her nose.
John can detect the tiniest flicker of confusion as he approaches his weary-looking wife, shadows under her eyes, hair tucked under a floral scarf, dressed in the same tunic and leggings she’d worn the last day he saw her.
John returned the empty bowl to the tray and helped him settle back onto the cushions. “You’re starting to perk up. Remarkable concoction, isn’t it?”
John sucked in his breath at the sight of it. He knew exactly what it was.
Sherlock backs away, monitoring her sleeping form, and bumps solidly into John who has been watching him from the shadowy doorway. John catches him around the middle as he stumbles and they muffle their burst of laughter as Sherlock silently shuts the door behind them. They walk slowly back to the stairwell, John sliding an arm around his waist.
Panting, John stretched out his leg experimentally, feeling only a dull ache. “Not as solid as I’d like. But it’ll hold.”
Sherlock grips John suddenly, an explosion of understanding erupting in his mind.
Molly thought the sensation of it would be helpful, make him feel at home, no matter how many times Sherlock insisted n
“John, this is remarkable,” he whispers reverently, eyes locked on the bee. “This beauty was unique to our fair isle from the Ice Age until 1919 when every single bee was thought to have been obliterated by the Spanish Flu.”
“I did say I’d give you my pillow.”
So why hasn’t John been reading his texts since 10:06 last night? Why has he sent him nothing? Til then, there’d been a steady stream of Lissa photos, anecdotes, complaints, and an occasional saucy suggestion. It had all ended very abruptly at 10:07.
John scowled. “What on earth did she say to scare you so badly?”
Yes, it’s better here. In the topiary, he can push his hands into a tidy cyprus trimmed like a clipper ship and relive feverish, delirious battles with Redbeard, as vivid to him now as when he was six. The dragon brings him back to giddy moments shared at the worktop, a sometimes-successful experiment sprawled messily between them. The entwined conifer lovers remind him that Sherrin was more like him than he’d ever known, even excited for him as he showed his first blooms toward manhood, toward men.
“Oh! But, I thought, well, Sherlock implied that Faerie want nothing to do with halfbloods.”
“Thank you, my dear nurse.” He leans into Sherlock as he half-guides-half-carries him down the hall, the pajamas baggy around his ankles, heading to the sitting room. Sherlock’s spent so much time in the bedroom these last days that it’s relatively orderly. He shoves the box of medical supplies off the couch to make room for John, who eases down with a weary groan and plops back against the cushions.
Sherlock watches him steadily.
Sherlock, shivering a little in his own damp clothes, tucks his chin against John’s shoulder and doesn’t respond. He tightens his grip on him, as if he could squeeze away the cold that’s sunk deep into John’s bones.
Sherlock feels the effervescent tingles up his chest, his respiration becoming shallow and subtly rapid, a flush creeping up his neck and the flimsiness of his old pajama pants become suddenly very apparent.
Sherlock suddenly spluttered his tea as they were overcome with a fit of hysterical giggles that took several moments to recover from.
Sherlock. Infuriating. Precious... The memory of him flies up unbidden: pale, unconscious and intubated, back in the hospital after his little escape act, after delivering to John the crushing revelation that he’d married an assassin. Exhausted, aching with self-loathing, bitter with his anger for Mary, he’d pulled his chair close to Sherlock’s bedside. Head bowed, not daring to touch him, he’d confessed everything, the entire contents of his heart, when he knew Sherlock couldn’t even hear him.
John stands on tiptoe, trying to see around the crowd. “Which way to the Pyg Track?”
“Pursuit of
“I would have killed you, John. Or him.” Rosamund grins. “Depending on the day.”
“Thas’ not what people usually say,” William said with a rueful grin.
“Oh John, you know what they say. I’m sure I’ll barely make a note for the second.”
“Thanks — I must’ve dozed off.”
“Sometimes I wake in a panic and I forget. I think he’s still gone. I think she’s still here. But then I’ll hear him breathing in his sleep, feel his back pressed up against mine, and I remember with a wave that tumbles me with the relief of it. He’s safe. He’s here. He loves me.
They stand locked in this fierce embrace until Melissa begins to calm. Sherlock’s mobiles pings. He tugs it out of his dressing gown pocket and sneers at it with disgust.
at this. Why have I never learned this before?”
“Well, it’s terrifically convenient that the unfortunate victim died on my favorite perilous ridge.”
I watched you
Sherlock snaps, kicking at a clod of mown grass. They’re walking across the manor lawn at dusk. Sherrin’s just come back from work, still wearing his nametag with the little bird silhouette logo, a plastic bag of groceries dangling from his hand. He’s tired and bewildered, the news of their grandmother unsettling him, but Sherlock could not wait a moment to confront him with his raw decision.
He glances blearily at the bedside clock – 1:47am. She’ll have her bottle and Sherlock will fall asleep with her on the sofa, or in the rocker, and he won’t see him again til morning. Not that John will be awake to miss him, but still, he misses waking up next to him.
“What about this one, then?” chuckled Healer-Captain John Watson to his younger companion. “Won’t give you the spins like that Whirlabout ride.”
Sherlock backs away, picking his way carefully over the loose scree of legos, and bumps solidly into John, hidden in the shadowy doorway. John catches him around the middle to stop his fall. They muffle their burst of laughter as Sherlock silently shuts the door. Walking slowly back to the stairwell, John slides an arm around his waist.
“Both of us,” Sherlock sighs, shifting on the edge of the bed. “But it affected me differently, only lasting a few hours. The effects were unpleasant, though I do not think our attacker intended to kill. We were both rendered unconscious. I had a short period of vivid nightmares, also waking with headache and thirst.”
“Yes, that is the pathetically mundane short of it. Of course, he
“No,” John admits. “I remember coming
Thanks for your patience as I attempt to be linear in my process! I originally had this extra little world-building/bond-growing scene in here, but thought it was going too long and saved it for a future situation. By the time I got there, it didn't fit at all. So back home it went!
Enormous thanks shirleycarlton for excellent beta'ing, and to all of you for continuing on this journey with me.
“How’s that?”
Of course they’d read every email he’d sent to Sherrin, all his excited gibbering about reversing the effects. Sherlock slams his hands down on the workbench. Every step of this game of chemical chess has been poised to grip his heart, to force him to act.
“Still a mystery, Mrs. H. Any color will do. Pick your favorite.” He smirks, waggling his eyebrows. “How about a rainbow?” She swats at him playfully and turns to go back to her flat.
“John. John? We are hunting a murderer. Do try to pull yourself together.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Wild magic must maintain a constant
Sherlock and John exchanged a guilty look.
know that? No one knows that. It’s… it’s not lawful to be…
“Hoo-oo! Anyone awake?” Mrs. Hudson stage-whispers from the front door. Slouched onto the sofa, John startles up, a bottle rolling off his lap and clattering under the table. Sherlock has stretched out, taking up the majority of the couch, a finally-sleeping Melissa tucked into the crook of his arm on his chest. They don’t stir.
“I could – I could make one now–”
Orvis’s outstretched fingers flexed and Johnny was flung high into the air, propelled by the older boy’s telekinetic magic. At the apex of his flight, Orvis clenched his fist and Johnny dangled for several sickening moments above their heads. Though panic lanced through his limbs, he kept still. He wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of showing his fear. They roared with laughter anyway.
“That’s amazing – I –
“How on earth is their genitalia a glimpse into who they’ll be?” Sherlock snaps. Then, seeing John’s expression, softens. “John, I want to know our child. Fiercely. But I don’t mind waiting for it to share that with us in person rather than constructing some social stereotype for the next four months. Let the well-wishers buy us green and yellow and fox-printed jammies if they’re too flummoxed by a non-gendered fetus. Besides,” he grins, sliding a hand down John’s thigh. “I
John scowls sleepily from the couch.
John’s sweat cools on his skin, arms wrapped around him, the two of them spooned tightly together on the lower bunk. John’s covertly purchased travel-size tube of lubricant rests on the miniature sink. Sherlock fails to stifle an enormous yawn.
On day three, version 10 of TD successfully induces sleep, then bypasses sleep states 2 through 4, progressing directly to a highly-agitated REM state. The rats’ cortisol levels are alarming, but it takes three full hours for them to finally rouse. The rats then drink furiously and resume normal ratty behavior.
“The prescription pad leaves a certain tracing of powder on your sleeves which accumulates depending on the number of times a sheet has been torn. I’ve made a study of this.”
Kinsey blushed to his ears. “You should never believe half of what you hear in the canteen.”
“Don’t speak. They’re listening to every word. They’ll have dispatched a team the moment I woke. It’s not safe here. We have to go. Police. No phones, in person. Now.” He releases him just as abruptly and begins charging around his room, throwing on clothes.
he realizes, all of their usual ease and symbiosis, interwoven with
…when he’s just saved John from a dangerous spot and he’s gotten him back, alive.
“Get two of those,” he mutters, appearing so quietly at Mycroft’s elbow that his brother startles, then nods, adding more money to the machine. Sherlock notes that his button-down shirt and pleated chinos are unusually rumpled.
“I could look at that for you, reduce the swelling–”
“John,” he smirks smuggly, “I’m
The troll wrinkled his brow in thought. “Haven’t been that far north, but I know the name.” He grinned, showing small, stubby troll teeth. “Wild one, were ye, to be gadding about with trolls?”
“Good, very good, love.” He kisses him lightly and steps away. “Better?”
“Not really. I was lightly asleep. When I heard you playing I wanted to check on her, too. You had it covered. So… I just enjoyed the show.”
Sherlock patted his face, finding the beard patchy and irregular. He fumed. “Full beard,” he admitted.
“Right, okay. I’ll just, um, head down then – you’ll fill me on the case when I–”
“Tell me why.”
Sherlock was quiet a moment, then asked, “Who will give
.” John knows what he’s doing – trying to keep him talking. He appreciates it.
“Good morning, and thank you. Sorry I slept so late.” John walked stiffly to the teapot and poured himself a cup, then stood awkwardly, shifting from foot to foot. Sherlock offered John a small, encouraging nod toward the empty wing-back chair across from him. John hesitated briefly, looking reluctant, then sat, studiously blowing on his tea and pointedly watching the fire.
“Is it morning?” Sherrin asks hoarsely, rubbing his eyes and reaching for the cup of tea.
They startle as the kettle begins to whistle in earnest.
John’s hands slide through Sherlock’s curls, tickle lightly across his ears to tweak the lobes, and brush along the nape of his neck to deftly slide into his dressing gown. John tugs the fabric apart, rucks up the shirt, and rubs his soft doctor’s palms along Sherlock’s chest. His heartbeat thunders beneath John’s palms. All the while, John’s lips press urgently at Sherlock’s mouth, their breath mingling in little gasps.
Sherlock is inches from him now, shaking with his fury. Mycroft stands perfectly still, watching him as if he were a very rare, dangerous specimen. Sherlock takes a ragged breath and roars into his face.
“That was
Victor ­–
I see, this is so much better. John dear, don’t fret, you won’t be without him for long.” From the corner of his eye, John sees her aim wobble. The baby’s cries appear to be affecting her precision. “Sherlock,” she hisses, steeling herself, “this time I won’t miss.”
“Ooo,” she hums fretfully. “Would there be actual living
xo - mama-o
“Mary!” John calls tersely from farther down the sidewalk, leaning half out of a waiting cab.
“But the Wall! It’s right there!”
“John, your Welsh is terrible.”
from us.”
“Why en’t you
“Oh – cor, yeah, that’d be brilliant–” he stammers, taken aback. “Did you just call me by my first name?”
he thought of the old sheep farm, a familiar landmark he could picture vividly.
“You were going to come back and tell me… how you felt?”
“Sherrin,” Sherlock croaks roughly. “Can you hear me?” He gives his brother’s shoulder a little shake. “Wake up, you sot.” There is no response. His eyes prickle and he drags his sleeve across his face.
The damp brickwork of a nearby building was plastered with peeling adverts, heroic illustrations of the golden, half-human Netters.
Mrs. Hudson poured herself a cup of tea and settled against the arm of the sofa. “I need to speak to both of you this morning. John is certainly taking his time getting up, though I imagine he’s weary after so much healing, yesterday. Making the soup took more of his energy than he may have realized.”
The blanket slips from John’s shoulders and Sherlock tucks it around him more securely, leading him down the stairs, out of the efficient, official chaos of their flat with its horror story being scrubbed from the walls.
“Yes, but it’s not your fault.”
No. His mind begins to wake and process the data of his senses. He isn’t shackled. The stink of his cell is gone. And it’s too warm.
useful. And pets.” She steps close to John to run her hand down his cheek. He flinches away from her touch.
Sherlock chuckles at her nonstop stream of questions, gets up from his stool and leans down to kiss her forehead above the incongruously oversized goggles.
Sherlock folded his arms. “Danger was an obvious risk no matter where I went.”
Unbidden, an image from John’s wedding album floats up from the elaborate archives of Sherlock’s mind palace; each man standing stiffly shoulder to shoulder in their matching dark gray suits, charcoal top hats quaffed, the remnants of laughter on John’s features from a particularly amusing deduction Sherlock had just muttered to him about the caterer. They look for all the world like two grooms on their wedding day.
“Sorry, before, about doubting you.”
“Age takes us all, Sherlock. She has lived an admirable life.”
“But – we can’t –
“You played your violin.”
Minutes pass. The shivering is beginning to subside.
“I could not prevent the trigger they placed in him. It was only a matter of time. I gave you the summer and kept you as safe as I could – there was certainly no stopping you. After his return home, I had hoped his advanced illness, obviously imposed by the Collective, would keep you out of harm’s way. Be grateful you had the time with him that you did.”
At John’s words, Sherlock jolts out of his sleepy, syrupy reverie and twists around to face him, eyes flashing, coiled to spring.
John chuckled through his nerves. He caught the man’s glamor looking away with a small smile.
“What have you been withholding?” Sherlock asks without rancor. He expects Mycroft to always have secrets, even if it galls him.
“Oh, I dunno,” John hems, suddenly embarrassed. “When you drink your tea, but still have those huge goggles on after an experiment. Or when you’re
He taps the phone fiercely and tosses it onto the sofa.
John pulls him close again without hesitation.
“Best dry you off,” the deep voice said ponderously. John was shivering visibly, though not entirely from the chill, and wrinkled his nose against the stench of the polluted water in their hair and clothes. He tried not to think about how much he’d swallowed in the whitewater.
John gaped at the gauzy globe of energy that enclosed them. The forest was still visible through it, but tinted blue and slightly out of focus.
“Animals were my companions. They did not fear me.”
The elderly woman stared at them critically. John watched her cautiously, Sherlock slumped against him, barely conscious.
They cling together, feeling one another’s heart beat. Sherlock marvels at this metamorphosis, at bodies entwined, the slickness between them something primordial, the musk of their lovemaking a scent that now occupies a sacred space in his mind palace. Sherlock gently nibbles an earlobe.
Sherlock followed John’s gaze, his eyes widening. The large, fresh bulletins demanded that the passing populace take special notice of two highly-dangerous halfblood outlaws. Stark depictions of their own faces glared at the street.
“Do enjoy that banana.” John winks, then gives him a terse, military-like nod and grabs for his cane, leaning on it heavily as he makes his way down the stairs.
“Alright then, do me.”
“Mm, no, feels nice.” He chuckles wearily. “Thanks. For, y’know. Everything. It was brilliant, your rescue.” He heaves a weary sigh and sinks into him, shivering, reveling in the warmth of the cocoon. “You got there just in time.” Now that he’s on solid ground, he can actually say the words. "Few minutes more and the water would’ve been over my head.”
Squeezing in another installment before the year's end! Thank you shirleycarlton for excellent beta'ing - and huzzah for finishing your epic 40 chapter fixit fic, The Lost Special!!
“Oh, it is indeed!” She brightened. “It was given to me by a remarkable group of small folk I stayed with in the jungle. Did you know, their magic enabled them to
Please check out
“In her
His lips stall on John’s temple. “I remember I was the biggest idiot in the world to drag you up there like that, as if some adrenaline was all we needed to get right again.” His throat clenches suddenly, surprising him with how affected he still is by that moment. “And then in an
Sherlock had liked in their early days. Fettuccine boils on the cooker.
To John’s dismay, a deep, guttural Netter’s growl came from behind them.
With a little mewl, Melissa startles in her sleep and John swears under his breath. The baby blinks awake.
“We found
“You’ll be
“Thank god you forgot that bloody violin,” John mumbles sleepily, suddenly perking up to glance at the clock on Sherlock’s bedside table. “Here, I’ll get you a clean set, we’ll have company within the hour unless you’re quite mistaken.” John stumbles sleepily to the dresser and tosses Sherlock shirt and shorts.
John smirks. “He’s been talking to Molly. Tell him to come by later. Let’s make him dinner.”
In the entryway, he pauses for the space of one deep breath to get his bearings and settle his pounding heartbeat. This is no way to approach a potential crime scene. He needs to be calm and focused and see
Seeing it all with Sherlock, John could see how multiple voices could increase the strength of the spell’s vibrations.
He flinched at the sudden and bewildering roar of a push-train rattling over their heads on an elevated line. They were standing on a completely different street bustling with morning traffic. Sherlock, too, was looking around with wonder, his glamor fading like sunlight burning through a fog. His true face was a mask of exhaustion, cheeks flushed with fever, but his sharp green eyes caught John’s. His arm, still wrapped around John’s shoulders for support, gave him a squeeze.
“Well. There’s that done,” John mumbles. “Coulda gone worse.”
“But why–” John blustered, suddenly feeling a surge of frustration. “If I spent so much time near it as a child, why did the haven keeper never
. But, jesus, Greg…” He squeezes his eyes shut, and when he opens them they’re wet. “Something
The danger hinted in his own premonition, so tangled up with John, was becoming clearer all the time. But rather than feeling frightened, Sherlock felt
“Of course I did.” Relief washes over John at this incredible information, stirring his mind into wakefulness. “But it’s been a while since I’ve picked a lock in the dark, underwater, upside down.”
“I know my part in this, my hands are not clean.” Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut. “If I hadn’t been so selfish, you would never have been put at risk. My… feelings for you have always endangered you. I wanted you, and they hurt you for it. I can’t forgive myself for that, John. Neither should you.”
He stops, hunching his shoulders protectively. Closing his eyes, he steeles himself for the wave of John’s anger. He knows how much John hates being lied to, hates being left out. But the silence stretches on and still it doesn’t come.
“I rescued you. In your dream.
“London’s Most Wanted,” John muttered under his breath. “They’ll have patrols hunting us all over the city.”
“Oh no, Lune told me.”
; the hand on his knee during stag night
“Breathe,” John whispers.
. A yell bubbles out of him as he submerges again, sputters to the surface. The ache inside him is raw and horrible as John imagines leaving him behind, leaving him just a grave to talk to.
He turned to grin sheepishly at Mrs. Hudson, still sitting vigil in the armchair, the panther napping by her feet. “You were an enormous help.”
The man slept deeply, apparently unharmed, cocooned beneath an enormous patchwork blanket. If John was sleeping peacefully, they mustn’t be in too great a danger.
“That part was true. But I
“I do?” He scowls. “Oh,
Though their mouths are too occupied for words, Sherlock feels a constant stream of communication between their bodies. A finger tentatively tugs at a hem and a shirt is hastily removed. A kiss strays to a throat and the throat is bared. A thrust of hips is returned with equal and greater force.
Still clutching her frog, Lissa tugged at her own little wellies, well-submerged and full of murky water. She was well and truly mired in the pond muck.
says the practical voice in his head, which sounds like Sherlock but uses his own medical knowledge.
“Right, Sparks, we’ll get up,” John addressed the fiery creature, standing with a groan and pulling Sherlock to his feet. “But look,
John sags back against him. “I know.
That’s fixable.”
to control, exercises his grandmother had tried to enforce, and to what end? Controlling others like a puppet made him feel ill. He had usually avoided the lessons by hiding in the forest. Back in his tent at the Nightingale Circus, his attempts to influence Captain Watson had proven downright clumsy and ineffectual.
John huffs a dry laugh. “And there she was, ridiculing you in this very room for making her a cuppa.” He smiles warmly at Sherlock. “
John had been right, of course.
“Suffer me but for a moment, Sherlock, and you may have all the long years ahead to embrace and ignore me.”
Sherlock goes rigid, his eyes flashing to Mycroft.
The pale, pumpkin-faced holy man had walked reverently from desk to desk, the green velvet of his cassock brushing the floor. He had mumbled in Gaelic as he balanced an iron cross on each pupil’s head.
exist inside me. It had to come from someone else.”
The wave of sorrow that hits John threatens to suck all the breath from his lungs.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock rustled in the leaf pile, getting more comfortable. “Idiot that I am, I find that I trust you.”
“Oh, posh. They've just been more careful about bein' seen."
he has no precedence to navigate. As John says something that makes the boys chuckle, Sherlock grips the rough stone of the wall for fear he may tumble out into space.
“Your hand.”
John brushes his thumb over the soft skin of Sherlock’s palm, sending a shiver from toe to scalp.
John gave him a lop-sided grin. “I’ll have you know I toiled all afternoon in an enchanted forest and a witch’s kitchen to make it for you.”
“John, should I be… delayed and the water rise, you can push these knots up the rope. Show me your hands aren’t too cold for this.” John obediently, if clumsily, nudges the knots upward. Sherlock nods approval. He then gently pulls Johns hands from the rope to cross his arms over his chest. “Let my shirt hold your weight. Keep your arms tight to your body, it will prevent loss of heat.” He looks right into John’s face, his words like steel. “I’m coming back for you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock smiled sadly. “What took you so long?”
And yea, Sherlock just grew a Totoro tree for John in his mind palace.
John shakes his head, even more confused. “As in…
“Don’t be a bloody scoundrel,” John frowned. “Besides, they’re obviously human. That’s textbook
“How did you escape?” Sherlock blusters, the tiniest flick of his eye to John speaking volumes.
Leaning forward, John brushed aside his patient’s dark, sweat-limp curls to press his fingertips lightly to Sherlock’s pale temple, confirming that the fever had broken. A small voice in his mind told him he was being silly, he already knew it had.
“You struck her. In your sleep. That’s what turned the tables. She never saw that coming.”
. Middling 30s. His regular guy, Chen, is barely 19. New Guy is out of breath from laboring up the stairs with a cane, but his right trouser leg is pegged and the other is spotted with grease. A worn messenger bag emblazoned with reflective tape is slung across his chest. He obviously cycled the order over, despite the limp. Interesting.
“No. Absolutely not.” Sherlock faces him incredulously. “She has no reason to protect your life anymore. She would take
Sherlock glances up at John’s irritated tone, but there is a twinkle in his eye.
Sherlock gave him a fond, weary grin. “Well then, looks like we’re a fine pair of idiots.”
He can see this hurts Sherlock, and he wants to know as much as he wants to rub the worry from Sherlock's tired face.
Sherlock smiles shyly, his annoyance evaporating.
“No, thanks, don’t think I can stomach much more than water right now.” He obediently drinks from the water tube, eyeing the cliff edge with bewilderment. “Still can’t see how I just tipped over…”
Mycroft rubs at his temples. He looks exhausted.
“Yes, it’s… quite imposing.”
“–got to stay with me, John. John? Tell me you can hear me–” and it grips his heart how calmly Sherlock is trying to speak, the quiver in it betraying him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock relents, his brow dipping sympathetically.
Huge thanks to shirleycarlton for her excellent beta'ing. She profoundly helps me smooth out the wrinkles! Have you read her awesome fic??
“Yes, to a ripe old age if I have anything to do with it.”
“I feared you’d been hit, that
But John’s lips are already sliding down, down his whole length, tongue lapping and swirling. His face nuzzles into the soft fur between his legs. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut to endure the waves of intense sensation threatening to overload all of his nerve-endings.
Sergeant Gregson tightened her hold on John’s arm. “Nice try, protecting your little freak friend. The Lab’s going to love the treat we bring them tonight, oh yes. Special commendation from Her Majesty, I expect.”
Rosamund huffs. “Really, John, don’t be so dramatic. When Sherlock lived I simply adjusted my plans. Unlike some, I survive because I
“You’re really staying,” Sherlock breathes, scowling when he realizes he’s said it out loud. John abruptly shifts, awkwardly straddling him on the tiny bunk. He looks down at him very seriously, hands cradling his face.
John wrinkled his brow at her. “I don’t follow.”
He realizes Sherlock is not really listening and gives him a poke. “So, what do you think, now that we see her in person? Better than the aubergine?”
Since then, every hour on the hour, Morpheus has zipped through the twists and turns perfectly for his reward. He’s aced it four times. Finally, on the fifth at 3:00 in the morning, Sherlock sets the rat at the start and watches him scamper forward, then stop, turn, backtrack, and lose himself in a confused bumble.
Sherlock stands frozen in the doorway. The Inn is full – only seven rooms – no possibility of a swap.
lucky child, Sherlock Holmes-Watson.”
John gently takes Sherlock’s limp hand and presses the pad of his index finger to the sensor. It lights up and unlocks. John carefully replaces his hand, feeling intimate and devious, and taps the browser. He realizes, with a puzzled grin, that tab after tab hold sites researching
An entry from Sherlock's scrap book of mind palace memories.
John has established a rhythm against his body with hips and hand and cock. Sherlock responds like a tide, surging against him, slick and salty, moaning. A wave is building in him, towering, breaking, and he gasps John’s name, his thrusts rapidly losing strength and cadence.
“Hey,
“I thought they were pumpkins. But yea, that’s the idea. And the Vibrationists, the
Exasperated, John tugged Sherlock’s fingertips up to his own temple and pressed them against his skin. “Look for yourself!”
Sherlock’s voice immediately mentally scolds him.
The first makes a bee-line for John. He nods and steps away from the unconscious assassin.
“You sons of bitches,” she whispers menacingly. She’s in baggy cleaner’s coveralls squinting against the bright light, face haggard and drawn. “Tore my child from my body.
“So… wait…  you’ve just discovered the first since 1919?”
.” He stretches the French accent with precision.
needs, he thinks with a sleepy smile.
“Oh. Yes. Right.”
Sherrinford shrugs, sipping his drink.
in the whole village who could have warned them.
Sherlock replied wearily.
John grinned at him, dazzled. Another cold gust pushed them roughly and they dipped several feet, but John rode the turbulence with a whoop. As Sherlock angled them into a steadier current, John noticed Sherlock’s face looked strained. His playful mood chilled. Human mages could push themselves to magical exhaustion. Did it work the same for a halfblood, even one as powerful as Sherlock?
alone in the shell of his old life, Sherlock is not far, his new life, the right life, almost within reach.
well, we can do it any way we like. But, I mean, love, we’ve only been at this for less than 72 hours. Bit sudden.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer right away. When he speaks, his voice is tense with baffled frustration.
“What? When I left the flat you were still in bed!”
Sherlock stumbled and the mustache-glamored John caught him by the elbow, helping him stand. They looked around wide-eyed, the bridge empty of traffic. Up on the low wall Sherlock spied the sure-footed fire cat leaping from lantern to lantern.
Sherlock sips his tea while John glowers at his laptop, striking a few keys, hitting delete.
“Charles, you are tiresome tonight.”
At 9:00 sharp, Melissa’s retinue returns with bottles of milk in a portable cooler, a bulky bag of infant supplies, and helps speed the changing and dressing. John and Sherlock had not quite been able to cram the tiny limbs into the soft outfit they’d brought from home without distressing her, but the nurse handles it with minimal fuss, tucks her into the carrier on Sherlock’s chest, and speeds the bleary fathers out of their curious room which, while loathed at first, has begun to feel like a sort of cocoon.
Crib Goch is a hazy dragon’s spine looming over them. Sherlock can just make out the angular wings of the bird’s black silhouette wheeling over the ridge.
“That’s why we need a test. Try to influence the outcome of my hand in the game, and I’ll do the same for you.” He held out a fist and John hesitantly did the same. “On three. One-two-three–”
Chen wraps his arm around his shoulders soothingly.
“Rupert, Kevin, Omar, George.”
Lestrade ran his thumb over the smooth rock, pondering. Netters already dispatched,
“You… brought me home.”
Sherlock, god, hurting him so badly in a morgue with a serial killer.
Sherlock shrugs, embarrassed. It seems so simple to him, the chemical pathways, the cause-and-effect triggers unfolding in his mind’s eye like a swooping cloud of starlings. He’s a little troubled that Sherrinford didn’t make the connections himself, but then, his eldest brother doesn’t pass the time reading about neuroscience with Sherlock’s particular fervor. If at all.
“Sherlock,
John blinked in astonishment. “So – you’re saying the Faerie actually
With a swirl of wake Sherlock is back, pulling John above the surface, pulling him close against his chest to rest his chin on his shoulder again and let him float and breathe, giving him warmth. Despite his dire circumstances, John is vividly aware of how tightly they are twined together, though surely it’s just to keep him warm.
As he stands in the hot water, an uncomfortable thought crystallizes. Eventually, John will find a girlfriend. John will get married, as people do, and he and Rosie will leave. Rosie will have a step-mum. He’ll be relegated to
who held me for bloody ransom
Sherlock considers this. “I would rather like to see his expression.”
clowns suspending contortionists twisted into a human knot. Hawkers wove through the throng crying out,
“Excellent.” Sherlock kisses him gently. “Can we have breakfast in bed now?”
John comes back to himself, shoves in the last of Mary’s socks, and snaps the drawer shut. Sherlock is now positioned two houses down, the occupants legitimately on holiday, using his League access to turn it into their operations headquarters for the evening. The tiny microphone John wears just under his belt is completely undetectable and carries every sound to him. The dose of TD-10 is in his wedding ring, or at least a quickly and cunningly-created duplicate with a tiny compartment cleverly activated with a coded tap-pattern.
He scowled. “You keep saying that. Why?”
. Do you have enough spark to reheat my tea?”
am I dreaming? A
tell you one secret.”
Dropping his fork onto his empty plate, he catches John’s quietly approving expression.
"I think I should talk to the Stamford house," John said, putting his trainers back on and tying the laces tight.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"C'mon, John. You can see it in the way she looks at anyone and everyone-at those girls, even."  William insisted as he gestured to Irene with her friends.
"Snape told me not to," John muttered as his cheeks were being pushed together, forcibly pursing his lips. "Some Ravenclaw forgot to add the nettle," John said with a shrug. Jacob chuckled hopelessly, hanging his head as he let go of John.
There were many new Gryffindors this year, but not as much as there were Hufflepuffs. In the midst of all the sorting, McGonagall called for, "William Sherlock Holmes," and Sherlock's curly head walked pridefully down to the stool. He gave a knowing smirk to John, and the Slytherin table, then to McGonagall. She lowered the hat to his curls.
"I've already sent an owl to Flitwick and your perfects; you won't be reprimanded tomorrow," He said, sliding himself under the covers next to Sherlock. He turned so he could face the boy, "Get some more sleep, Sherlock. You'll need all the strength you can get because these first few weeks are going to be hell," He said with a smile that didn't match his words. John rolled over, turned off the light next to his bed and went to sleep.
"What do you mean? She married you! How can she just up and leave?" John asked, taken by surprise. Harry glared at her brother.
"Well?" Sherlock snapped impatiently, "It's one thing for a Muggle-born to come waltzing into the Holmes' car, but it's an entirely different disrespect to waste my time with insolent gibberish," He said with a low growl in his voice. The boy's body language was claiming aggressiveness and his eyes were sharp and wild as if begging for someone to pick a verbal fight with him, but John was used to people shouting at him.
"Mr Holmes, I'm glad to see you're okay," he said with a genuine smile. Sherlock wavered again and looked down to his legs.
They stood up and William hugged John again, properly, this time. William was going to take the chance. He would probably never see John again after he left, so it wasn't that much of a loss. William was going to kiss John Watson.
There was a tap on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock twisted himself around to see John sitting there with a smile. Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back to face front. The lesson began.
"It's good to have you back, mate," he muttered, causing an unsuspecting warm smile to slip to his own face. He sighed, starting to relax a bit again,
"Sherlock, come in," The old woman cooed gesturing to both Sherlock and John, welcoming the men to the block of flats soon to be called home.
"Allen, Castier, DeCadio, Holmes, Miller, Watson, and Zimmer," They heard from the other room. They both looked up simultaneously, "Drug tests; let's get it going, yeah?" The instructor reminded in a rushing tone. They both stood and walked to the bathrooms, along with a few others. 'Watson?' Sherlock repeated as he checked behind himself, 'Is John in here,' Sherlock immediately shook the somehow hopeful question from his mind. 'Why would he be here?'
"It's never yours either," John said, causing William to drop his gaze from the cumulonimbus clouds in the sky signifying rain to look at John as if nothing else was there but him.
"I'm sorry, William, but it has to happen," John said calmly as he kept his eyes professionally trained onto what he was doing.
"Please, answer quicker," His drill sergeant demanded sarcastically. John didn't understand why they had to answer to him when they were in the mess hall. It was a time for eating not for taking orders. John sighed as he sat back down, loosening up his tight an nervous aura around him from the situation.
"Of course, I did," he said, looking back to the letters He slipped the letter from Dumbledore back into its envelope. Mary looked back, "but he's the one who hazed Sherlock, so how could I not?" He asked, tensing his fists on the table. Mary placed her hand on John's, making John jump a bit.
All three were pushed from the hospital wing's patient room. "Hey," Jacob said softly, "let's get you back, yeah?" He asked, gently guiding a mindless John back to the towers so they could try to get some time to sleep.
The two mainly stayed in the record room, over checking the data they certainly for. Well, the brilliant one checked, while John just stood to watch near the door, checking the hallway through the small window every once and a while.
She gave them the talk and led them into the Great Hall, where all of the older kids sat with their black outfits. The other professors and other staff of the school were up front. They stood in the front, looking at a wooden stool and an old hat made of a thick, brown material.
"Oh, my god!" Sherlock looked back and tried his best not to laugh as John stood there, arms out a bit as he looked down to his trousers, which now had vomit on the lap.
"What do you mean, I'm weird?" William asked, furrowing his eyebrows again, catching up to John as he continued his steady pace, making John chuckle.
After Harry's calmed some, John felt safe to start asking questions. "What happened?" John asked, carrying two cups of tea to the sitting room with a sandwich to help sober Harry up.
"Surprisingly soft," John said as he bounced on it a couple of times. As William slipped his arms out of his shirt and was left with only a white tee, Sherlock lied on his back against the wall. John decided to use William as a pillow. He leaned back and laid his head on William's stomach, earning a laugh from the taller boy.
"Because nobody sits with me; nobody likes me. So, if you start to like me, you'll be a nobody, like me." He explained, straining his voice for the last part. John's smirk widened a bit.
"Mr Holmes is very intelligent; every moment you linger is another moment he can articulate your entire life-" Harold tried, but John let himself chuckle cooly,
It was on the train where Sherlock first met John. It wasn't a meeting Sherlock could look back and be proud of, especially considering... they both just needed a friend.
"Just sit, you'll feel a bit better," William advised.
"I'm Irene," She said, her voice sweet as honey, and her face as pale and seemingly soft as porcelain.
"Oh, but it did, addict," Sherlock's voice lowered into something of a warning, "and, it will happen again, very soon, and again and again," Sherlock basically growled, "And, I know for a fact that no matter how much you want to just go along with your boring little life, you'll always let me come in and ruin your day with wild pleasure," He said, "you're hooked, now," He said,
"Say, Nox," Jacob instructed. John repeated and the light from his wand tip was snuffed out. They walked the rest of the way in darkness and quiet.
"Do it, old man! I don't care!" And as the rest of the class went with their partners to the library to do research, as instructed by the professor, John lingered in the lecture room, pretending to be picking up some things to stick around and overhear the conversation.
"Careful, John," William warned casually as he slowly looked over to the coughing boy. John took the rolled up cigarette out of his mouth and inspected it.
"Well, when I'm around them, my chest feels tight and I find it hard to find my breath," William gestured to his chest with his hand, "My hands shake, my mind is blurred, and their laugh makes my ears ring." The nurse stopped writing things down after he mentioned his windedness.
"Did you, though?" Mary asked, twisting her body to glance at the Slytherin table with John.
Greg blinked. “Oh, come on, John,” he groaned but decided to let the topic slide. He could probably call Mycroft about this later... “Okay, so about the case... and please, do come to the point.”
Sherlock grinned before he leaned down and whispered into John's ear, “I know. But it's fine as long as I have you, John Watson.”
John sighed. “Just... just get here with some backup, please? You'll realise when you see it yourself...”
of that
“It's called tradition. But yes, sentiment, too,” John answered even though he wasn't sure if Sherlock was listening. “Didn't your family have a Christmas tree when you were a child?”
John pushed back through the crowd groaning and pulled out his phone to call Lestrade.
So, he leaned back in his chair and picked up the newspapers again. He got to read about half of the article until Sherlock suddenly ripped the newspapers from John's hands. He had already opened his mouth to complain but Sherlock slammed his hands onto the armchairs and bent so close that their noses almost touched. John flinched. “What the hell, Sherlock?!”
“Sherlock.”
“Theory?”
He slumped back down on the couch, still pouting like a child that was forced to sit in the back of the car for a four-hour-drive. Sometimes John wondered how Sherlock's parents had been able to endure not one but two children of this kind. He was sure not even God himself would have had enough patience to bear the Holmes brothers at a younger age. Or at any age.
go on with the actual story before I clear my mind and throw you two into jail for committing burglary?!”
“What do you think?” he asked. Well, what should he think?
need to know what his eyes remind you off!” Lestrade was slowly but very surely losing it. “So could you
John raised an eyebrow.. “Why I am angry? Are you serious?”
John had arrived at Baker Street long before Sherlock. For a moment he had stood around lost considering what to do before he had shrugged and made himself a cup of tea. It was freezing and they had been out all day. His feet were aching and he wanted nothing more than to relax. That was how Sherlock found him a good two hours later, sitting in his armchair reading today's newspapers, a cup of tea next to him.
“Without a doubt.”
John imagined how stumped the poor Mr. Campell must be on the other end of the phone.
“Yep. Definitely something wrong.”
John glanced towards the door. How the bloody hell could Sherlock act so rude?? And why wasn't he coming back? By now, the case should sound interesting to him. Or maybe he was hiding behind the door like a child so he wouldn't have to admit he was wrong about his earlier statement. “What exactly were the symptoms, Mr. Campell?”
“Yes.” John shook his head and made a gesture towards Mr. Campell along the lines of “Ignore him and just go on”.
He was talking to several people, mostly vendors who lined the side walks of the Westminster Bridge and were dressed equally ridiculous to Sherlock. It might confuse most people but John was used to this. If there was any connection Sherlock could see it. He decided to get closer.
“Are you living here?” Sherlock asked as they made their way back from where they had just come.
“I wouldn't mind, you know. If it makes you happy,” he interrupted John's thoughts. His gaze was still on him, his eyes like a clam sea yet ready to drown anyone who wasn't careful eno...
“Was it an allergy?” he asked because Mr. Campell seemed to have forgotten he was there.
“So, we continued walking through the neighbourhood...”
John sighed but concentrated on the question. “It's not an allergy, that's for sure. Maybe an infect... it's not uncommon to fall ill during winter, especially children b-”
Sherlock eyed him in a way that indicated very clearly that he was close to strangling John for keeping him from a case for even a second longer. But Sherlock also knew that arguing was pointless – John had had the patience to keep up with him for several years now, he knew he couldn't win an argument as simple as this.
Just as he pulled the fir branch out, Sherlock swept into the room again, took the branch from Mr. Campell in one fluid movement and used it to point towards the door. “Thank you for your insight, Mr. Campell, there is the door, goodbye.”
John groaned. “It's called caring, Sherlock. We never know what you're up to. And it could go wrong one day.” His hands were still gripping Sherlock's shoulders tightly, and John had no intention of letting go anytime soon. He had been so afraid. Well, he always was when Sherlock just ran off without telling anyone about his plans but it had been particularly distressing this time. John also knew perfectly well why. Not that he would say it because Sherlock would most probably not get it anyways.
“My children complained about a headache and a sick stomach. I also noticed that they had drunken quite a lot more water than they usually would. Do you know how hard it is to make children drink water? As if it was a deadly poison. Like broccoli.”
He heard Sherlock shuffling and turning on the couch to catch his attention but John refused to pay any attention to it. He was a grown man behaving like a child; while John wasn't surprised by this behaviour anymore, he hadn't given up on hoping that Sherlock would, one day, pull himself together.
“Mr. Campell. The symptoms.” John could start to understand why Sherlock had left.
“Smile.” He didn't smile at all but John had his photo and snickered like a child who had just successfully pranked his friend. Sherlock felt the urge to roll his eyes but was fairly sure he had done so enough for today. “Alright, we can leave now.” John contemplated messaging the photo to Greg immediately but he assumed the Christmas surprise would be ruined then. So, he simply grabbed his jacket, slipped the phone into its pocket and followed Sherlock outside. Needless to say the cabbie looked at them quite funnily when they got in, and Sherlock ordered him to get to Big Ben. It was just as needless to mention as the fact that, of course, John had to pay for the stupid cab. Westminster Bridge was full of people doing Christmas shopping, getting from A to B, strolling around the city; too many people for John's taste. And most of them were looking quite funnily at Sherlock. If he had hoped to blend in, he was failing just wonderfully. “Now, will you finally tell me about your theories?”
The man took a breath but Sherlock interrupted him before he could speak. “But don't annoy me. And be quite quick, it will benefit both of us. I'm sure your children want you back home soon.”
“No. You're not going to open the door to a client like this. You go upstairs, brush your teeth and dress yourself. In a suit, not a bed sheet I might add,” John ordered sternly. He wouldn't allow a repeat of the Buckingham Palace incidence.
“Dr. Watson! I REALLY couldn't care less about... what the hell is this even that is going on in your flat? Hold on, no.” Lestrade held up his hands defensively. “I don't even want to know. I don't want to know
John grins blearily at his own cleverness.
“Mature halfbloods have significantly more wild magic to extract.” She huffed a dry, humorless laugh. “Why do you think she hunts you and Sherlock so aggressively?”
sleep. I’m starving. Any breakfast on?” Sherrin pushes back the blankets and stumbles over to tie on his dressing gown. His eyes are clear.
: Could you possibly do me one more favor?
“Mrs. Hudson, if that satisfies you…?”
John turned to him, stricken. “Oh Sherlock, no. It was everywhere–”
May pleasures more sublime bestow;
“I’ve been out to the shops this morning,” she continued sharply. “Blasted clockwork nightmares are
In the bright afternoon light of Sherlock’s room, leaning into the man who has saved him, memories begin bobbing to the surface of John’s mind. He scrutinizes them, begins to feel the difference between the true memories and the dreams.
“You’re supposed to say that.”
Aghast, Sherlock steps back, trying to put the puzzle together that Mycroft has given him, but the pieces don’t fit.
“Batman. So brooding. All those gadgets. And so
“Ta da.” He holds up his hands weakly and grins.
Do they till up the earth on this
“Oh, never fear about my beauty, here. She’s quite invisible to their lot. Halfloods can see fire cats, but not the mundanes.”
His chest feels tight. He can feel Sherlock watching him. Squeezing his eyes shut, John pulls in air sharply, but not enough of it fills his lungs.
magical haven, and I’m sure you’re being pursued.” He brought his mug down on the table with a bang that ended John’s arguments. “Now. We three need to have a quick gentleman’s chat about what’s to be done with you. Look-see here, you’re new in town. Don’t know a thing about the underground, no idea how to survive. We got to keep you hidden. You draw attention to yourselves, it’s harder for the lot of us. It’s a bad time to be in London.”
that had clung on after he’d escaped the nightmare.
“Oh, very observant, doctor. Please, could you set it over here on the desk?” He looks up, wrinkling his face into a grimace. “You know, my arm.”
Sherlock shrugged. “He didn’t give me a lot of details – it can be very damaging knowing the particulars of a prophecy. She seems to think we’re here to help her end the halfblood murders.”
The tug of the net crushed them together into a bundle of limbs, briefly trapping them underwater until John felt a hard lurch, the churning waves quickly falling away beneath them. Ropes enclosed them, biting sharply into his skin. He didn’t care. Coughing deeply, John sagged against the net with exhausted bewilderment, Sherlock’s head lolling on his chest. He expressed more water from the unconscious man’s lungs. He’d have to do a lengthy pathogen expulsion on them both once they were safe.
Their choicest blessings on her head;
Maybe he could find something in the Wall Guard’s contraband collection of Faerie books that would help him escape.
“John. Slow down. You’ve just woken. My god, John,” his voice cracks. “You’ve actually
“Then, yes,” Sherlock whispers into the crook of John’s shoulder. “I want you to come back to Baker Street. Very badly.”
“Not all. Depends on their strength, how much they can stomach. Plus, there’s three years of extra study beyond the standard magical training.” He pointed back at the figures on the mural surrounded by sheep. “The
halfbloods murdered this month alone.”
John watched her with a small grin. “It smells delicious, but will it really work? Couldn’t I just, you know, carry him out into the garden?”
“Who.”
he schooled himself
toward him. To his surprise, Lune gave him a small nod. John felt a shy thrill. “So, where are the Kent Downs halfbloods now?”
As highest-ranking of the Queen’s Agents, he had been summoned to London and brought into the labyrinth of the Queen’s subterranean Laboratories, a tour of horrific marvels that still plagued his sleep with nightmares.
“John, the rope isn’t long enough for you to reach from your position. Take a deep breath. I have to let go of you while I dive down. Good, there, take another, and one more. I’ll be right back to hold you up. Okay, ready, here we go.”
Sherlock goggles at him. How does his brother manage to make chemistry so cool?
“Didn’t it bother them a bit that their new leader was believed to be dead?”
Victor was the wiser in this arena, but Sherlock had always been an uncannily quick study. The manor was expansive, his parents rarely home, and Mycroft as good as absent for all the time he spent locked in his room. Their trysts came about spontaneously, frequently, and as they were usually hunting for some rare beetle for Victor’s collection, or a lichen for Sherlock’s, the forest began to feel downright desultory. There was a certain thick-limbed, low-slung tree they’d liked. He couldn’t even walk by it now without getting hard. It was spectacularly distracting. His progress in
“Surprise?” Sherlock breathed shyly, finally peeking out at John from behind his lashes.
John watches Sherlock’s face become inscrutable. Finally, he passes the card to him. John takes it gingerly with his right hand, the left wedged under Melissa and going a little tingly. He begins to read aloud.
His fists balled against his legs. “Can no one save them?”
“Thank you,” John pants quietly against his shoulder. Then, because he might explode from the fierce emotion, “What took you so bloody long to get here?”
John huffed and shook his head. “This is pure madness.”
The starling hopped to the branch near his face and cocked its head at him. Johnny held still.
“Sit down.”
“I know we should expect it, but the quantity of diapers she fills seems out of proportion to the amount of milk we put in,” John chuckles. “Stopped bothering putting her in clothes, she hates it. Sherlock’s been the only one so far to get her to settle since we got home. She won’t have anything to do with the crib. It’s his chest or nothing.”
John grins. “Aside from having my piss measured, getting you out of
“No,” Sherlock said quietly, baffled by his companion’s aloofness. “It was… all fine.”
“Let’s pop in,” John grins wickedly, “get Rosie her own little Cape of Beards.”
Sherlock grips the arms of his chair with irritation and rolls his eyes.                         “Lestrade, we have been hungover and preoccupied most of the day. There was no sex to delay the tea.”
her,” Sherlock whispered. “Teleport!”
“It’s horrible, what you people do. Find someone else to polish.”
“Me and my two left feet, you mean?”
Startled, John and Molly look over to see a bemused Sherlock patting Mrs. Hudson’s back, wrapped in her exuberant embrace.
John nods, grinning.
“Sherlock…” John gently pulls Sherlock off of his shoulder, presses their foreheads together. “I know my mind’s been toyed with a lot. I’ve been half-mad trying to make sense of things lately. But you need to know what I have never lost. What has never once faded from my mind.”
“No,” Sherlock yelled back, wincing. “You’re
He returns quickly with a warm, wet flannel and ceremoniously cleans John’s belly and thighs, grinning at the sweetness of his cock in repose. He ducks to give it a small kiss, eliciting a giggle from John, eyes closed, curled on his side like a cat in a sunbeam.
. The blue of his irises is a color he was not sure he’d get to see again. He feels a throb in his chest.
Two nurses bustle off and return wheeling in a second bed and some linens. They wedge them together, make up a modest bed, and quietly slip away as Sherlock strips off his shirt, unbuttoning John’s as he gingerly holds their baby.
“Really. Well, that’s just, that’s brilliant.”
And then the act of speaking is exhausting and he closes his eyes, feels the mattress shift.
John imagined making a small hole in the wall around his skull and kept his thoughts very quiet. Tentatively, he reached out for Sherlock’s cold fingers and pressed them lightly to his temple. Sherlock shot him a surprised scowl.
“No, he’s not here,” the Inspector said with dark amusement. “But never fear, we’ve got another.”
John laughs, furrowing his brow. “Now come on, how could you see
I wish I could have met him.” Sherlock emerges from John’s shoulder, rubbing at his face and easing away from John’s embrace, surprised that dusk has settled around them.
“I’m not a
Kinsey continued to stare at the women, but narrowed his eyes. “How would I know?”
“No, though the authorities should be on their way judging by the size of the fire I started.”
much you don’t know.”
John waits until they’ve emptied their plates and Sherlock has gotten drawn into an article on his mobile before popping the tense, quiet bubble.
“See, John, I was rather hoping you’d be able to tell
“I had information on him. I could have turned him.”
across the Wall, where they’d be welcome among their kind.
“That’s awful,” John breathed.
“Guess we won’t invite her round for Christmas.” The well bounces his dry, mirthless laugh back to him. It’s a little like laughing with someone else.
It was true, he didn’t think of his childhood often. It had been horrible losing their home and all his books, leaving behind the wild mountains. His mind wandered to the sweeping landscapes of his youth, the blue hills that rippled like a frozen sea, pine forests that felt endless to his short legs, branches whispering in the wind the closer he got to a summit. He sighed.
There are no windows in the room and his phone is out of reach in the bag, but John can imagine it’s well past 3am.
Sherlock cranes around to consider him. “That would be…
On his next dive, he finds the femur, the thin ulna, a rib. He uses the bones to wedge the shirt deeper into the pipe, then his jacket. Surfacing for a fast breath, he returns to the pipe, relief surging through him to find the dam still wedged into place, the flow nearly stopped. He pops to the surface like a cork and gives a weak whoop of triumph.
“What are you doodling over there?” John asks, looking up from his laptop. Sherlock’s been curled into his chair, squinting at a pad of paper he’s been scratching at for the better part of an hour.
Sherlock pulls him to his chest.
“Sherlock, I read the books, I
“A nurse was checking on you, when Lestrade woke me. She came and held my hand, said you’d pulled through, long road ahead and all that, and I was…” he laughs bitterly. “I was a lucky man to have my partner still alive. Said I should take you on a proper holiday. She thought…”
He looks down. “There’s only one fork.”
“You weren’t supposed to be there that night,” Sherlock interjects with false levity.
John slides his arm around Sherlock’s back and they shuffle to the tidy bed – John had hastily settled the blankets. His steady, earnest sweetness nearly undoes him. This is more than John in doctor-mode. Sherlock has a sudden vision: the two of them, old, pottering around some cottage, John helping his crotchety old lover from the loo. The thought makes him wobble.
Suspended in the darkness, John can feel Sherlock’s hands and limbs brushing around him like a murky sea creature, the minute tugs and pulls at the lock. In his delirious state he imagines being rescued not from above by rope, but from below, Sherlock swimming up to him like some beautiful, landlocked selky.
“Sherlock, turn it off,” he says, tense.
The hives are settled for the winter. The house is closed up snug. They cram the last of their bags, Melissa’s impossibly large collection of stuff, and a dozen jars of honey into the boot of the rental.
“Tea would be. Good. Ta.” He hugs the union jack pillow to his chest, watching with a sleepy, fond grin as Sherlock putters around the kitchen, uncovering the kettle from a disorderly pile of lab equipment on the counter. The trip to and from the bathroom has drained him. As he listens vaguely to the sounds of Sherlock filling the kettle, the traffic on Baker Street, and Mrs. Hudson’s hoovering below, his eyelids droop.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but finds himself smiling cautiously.
Sherrin crunches it under one arm as they take the last few stairs and, pausing at the landing, face each other with competitive grins.
“Coming!” She turns to leave, dusting off Sherlock’s lapels. “Now, you scurry along and finish what you began.”
“Texted it, yes.”
“Who said anything about a ruse?”
There is a sudden flurry of banging on the door downstairs that makes them both jump.
“I’ve always rather liked
Sherlock sucked in his breath, preparing himself for a fierce battle of wills.
“Must be an improvement, then,” John muttered wryly.
He rests his ear against the door for several heartbeats, then turns the knob very slowly to prevent the old metal from creaking.
“Pardon?”
But it was too late. Sherlock pushed off and soared into the darkness, gripping John so hard it hurt his ribs. The wind buffeted their faces and snapped at Sherlock’s cloak. In a moment, they’d risen above the thick smoke and into clean, cold air. John frantically looked below them as they climbed. The fire was oddly contained in a circle near the clearing. He saw no sign of their pursuers.
Sherrinford cuffs him gently and retrieves the book from the lawn, brushing off the cover and rolling his eyes at the title.
“Sorry, so sorry, can’t, stuck. Tried to get free,” His taller friend’s head is above the water line and he snaps to attention. Sherlock grips him tightly against his chest and pulls up, hitting the resistance of the chain. Deductions race across his eyes.
The Netter smirked. “Took it from that circus playbill, of course.” He paused, cocking his head slightly to listen to something inside his head. It unnerved Lestrade. “Netters moving out in all directions. Commander says I’m to rendezvous with a unit headed for London tonight.” He smirked wickedly in the darkness, his zeal renewed. “Going to bring down that flyer myself.”
Sherlock’s smile falls. He avoids John’s eyes.
Sherlock shook with the deep cough – the near-drowning seemed to have lodged the illness deeply into his lungs. John’s fingers twitched, wanting to act.
John tentatively rubs little spirals onto the baby’s back, her skin the most impossible softness he has ever felt. Gradually, the baby’s cries mellow to little hiccups. Sherlock eases a pinky fingertip into her mouth and laugh-sobs when she begins to suckle hard, all upset suddenly forgotten.
"Bound to?"
He grimaced as he limped back to the sitting room to check on his patient. Hopefully his attempts at his own Expunge would prove more effective than his weakly-mended leg. Surely Mrs. Hudson knew a healer he could call on.
Another knock and John startles awake. Sherlock presses his hand to John’s shoulder to make him stay put. He kisses the top of John’s head, then clambers out from behind him, all sleepiness dissolving as he jogs to the door and presses his ear to the wood.
“That’s because you’re all idiots.”
know this?”
though it would vex him beautifully. No, I was thinking of Sherrin. Or Sheron, if it’s a girl.”
John sucks in his breath as if he’s seeing it for the first time. He reaches out to lightly touch the scar, then flinches away, a fast storm boiling across his face. Sherlock gently takes his hand from where it hovers between them and holds it firmly, looking him in the eye.
John smiles. Sherlock smiles back. The warmth, that honey-on-a-warm-scone sensation, oozes through his torso.
“Got a hot one, Lestrade. Halfblood sighting over Ashford. That’s right,
“Right, no. It’s not. This whole thing is shite, Sherrin. Utter and total shite. So look. In case they try to trick you again, lets agree to a signal, so you always know it’s me.”
He stops, shaking his arm out of her grasp, confronting her on the sidewalk. He realizes she’s led him quite far from the entrance to a quiet corner of the lot blocked by rhododendron bushes.
I've been holding this particular 'memory' in my mind for months. I'm happy to finally bring it forth as summer fades into autumn. Enjoy this little bit of parentlock fluff.
His curiosity igniting, John stalked around the room peering at the shelves. He found a tiny golden puma with a similar card indicating it had come from the Incan Principalities. On the mantel perched a sinuous snow leopard apparently carved by the Mishmi from a yak horn.
“You did the washing up – ta – cooked an egg, and got riled by something in the newspaper. There’s crumpled pages behind the desk. You spent a significant portion of the day researching apiaries within driving distance of London, the benefits of breastmilk, read my blog again, and had a bit of a toss, which is why you changed your pajamas
John considers him with serious, blue-grey eyes, and tightens his grip on Sherlock’s lower back.
“I made one other stop on my way.” Sherrin pulls an envelope out of his back pocket and holds it out for him to take. “Lest you think I’m taking advantage of your brilliance…” Sherlock stops and tears it open warily. The texture and scent of the paperstock tell him
Think of this as a bit of the place that sort of got left behind when the Wall went up a thousand years ago. A
Neither mentioned the glimpse they’d had deep into one another’s minds.
“For god’s sake John, you’re not a seeing-eye dog helping me cross the street.”
John hisses. “It’s not mine.” His voice cracks as he says it­­, tears prickling. He tries to focus on his rage.
Sherlock gives him a wicked grin.
“Never fear, Charles,” she responds peevishly, “I’ll be leaving very shortly, quiet as a mouse. Now, Sherlock, the serum if you please.”
“Go on, girl,” she whispers under her breath. “You can do it.”
He rolls over and pulls himself wearily to his feet. Even in his mind palace he’s exhausted. It’s been better to hide here than be outside in his body with his heartbroken family, carrying the crushing guilt that he erased Sherrin from their presence.
John shrugged. He didn't really know what to say to it. It had been a tradition when he had been a child. But then he had grown up, Harry had started drinking, his parents had gotten divorced, Afghanistan... besides, he knew Sherlock didn't like any of the Christmas stuff. Why bother him?
“Okay, explain this to me again,” Lestrade said after watching how Sherlock threw the blanket away staring at the doctor in front of him challengingly. “How exactly did he end up jumping into the Thames shirtless, with a clown nose and these red... whatever these things on his head are.”
“A Christmas Alien?” he guessed laughing while he felt around his pockets for his phone. He needed to secure that for the afterworld. Greg would murder him, and he would be Sherlock's next case if he didn't.
“That was this morning. It's been a long time.”
Sometimes, straight forward was the only direction someone could take even though it meant breaking right through a wall. In one swift motion John pulled Sherlock towards him and crashed his lips against his. John heard him gasp in surprise, not a sound he would have thought to ever hear from him (not that he thought anything could ever truly surprise Sherlock Holmes). Maybe Sherlock would get it that way he thought for a moment before he suddenly felt him shake beneath his hands and his legs giving in.
“The same happened to my grandchildren, too! But I suspect they ate too many sweet, they complained about a sick stomach and being thirsty all evening,” the lady sighed shaking her head. They stopped in front of one of the houses, and she opened the door. They followed her inside to drop the bags of groceries on the kitchen counter. Sherlock's gaze wandered through the room and got stuck on the Christmas tree in the living room space just a few metres away, decorated in silver and blue.
He straightened himself. “And why?” He really didn't want a repeat of the Irene Adler incident.
“Sherlock, I have no intentions of doing so. Not in any sense.”
“A Christmas tree. Would you like to have one in Baker Street?” he repeated patiently.
“John. John Watson.”
“Sherlock!” John scolded. Why did the man have to behave like a bloody child?! He left the room without another glance, and John turned towards Mr. Campell. “Apologies, he's... a bit stressed at the moment. Please, do continue. I trust you brought your children to the doctor?”
He repeatedly taped John's chest. “Take off your sweater.”
John suppressed the urge to roll his eyes and groan. He felt like his contingent was used up for today. “Would you like to explain then? What happened to the other theories? You had five this morning!”
Lestrade and John were merely observing the entire scene now as both of them were honestly too tired and too done with all of this to properly deal with it. Having their arms crossed in front of their chests they watched how the paramedics kept attempting to put a blanket around Sherlock and simultaneously to convince him to change into a dry set of clothes. Well, trousers at least. He was already shirtless.
“There is the door, I wish you a merry day, Mr. Campell,” Sherlock tried again. John groaned and put his face in his hands. It surprised him again and again how Sherlock's behaviour still managed to bewilder (or rather shock) him.
Yeah, well, what was he supposed to say to the
“I didn't say that. I merely said he jumped over a fence,” John corrected him. The corners of his mouth twitched as he tried to hide his grin.
“Oh, just around the corner here. There's a nice man who sells them all day long. Most of us got it from that nice man,” she explained. “Would you like to stay for a cup of tea?”
Mr. Campell nodded, his eyes still glued to the door were Sherlock just disappeared through. “I did. I thought it might be an allergic reaction towards the tree. They'd never shown any signs before but I know allergies can arise and disappear at any moment.” He grew quiet and started bouncing his leg again, effectively annoying John now as well.
“Antlers. They are supposed to be antlers. Like Rudolph's. And it-”
“It's December!”
“You've been smoking,” John exclaimed, somewhat reproachfully but with a stupid smile tugging at the corner of his lips.
Sherlock emerged from his bedroom, barefoot and shirtless. He stared at John frowning. “Isn't it obvious?” he snapped annoyed.
“I'm sure that makes complete sense in your head but it doesn't in mine.”
John looked at where he had been standing just a second ago before he put the coat over his arm and sighed. This entire case was getting ridiculous. Why was he even surprised anymore?
“Did you? Have a tree?” He straightened himself and looked at John, hands behind his back. He shifted his weight onto his toes once, twice.
“Ah right.” John rubbed the back of his head. The last few hours had been rather... unsettling. “Well, Mr. Campell left our flat and Sherlock and I had a discussion about how much more unbearable he was when he didn't have a case. I basically begged him to take this one. When that question had been settled I was ready to call Mycroft just to annoy Sherlock, and we left Baker Street...”
“Oh come on, John, you can do better than that.”
“You look... dashing,” he smirked, causing Sherlock to roll his eyes.
“Well, I see a problem now. Have you two ever thought about marriage guidance? I think you could need that.”
“We will take on the case, Mr. Campell,” John translated for the poor man. “Spend a nice day with your children and don't worry.”
They continued their way to the living room. “And you didn't have to take of your shoes?” John remarked. If Sherlock left any stains on the white carpet he would laugh at him.
“I don't like repeating myself.”
“Anyway, he dressed up as Rudolph – that's al least what I assumed – and it all started exactly five hours ago...”
“You weren't saying anything. And do you have any idea how wrong that sounds?”
“What?”
“You just solved one this very morning, Sherlock. Before I even got up.”
John thought he might choke at that. Their
“I wasn't done talking,” John merely replied. The time when Sherlock's constant interruptions would confuse him were long over which didn't mean it wasn't annoying him. “But the nausea and the children's increased thirst had me worried. What's your theory?”
“You didn't see the problem earlier,” John remarked. He slipped his hands into his pockets and waited patiently until Lestrade seemed to have calmed down a bit. He really didn't want the DI to go into cardiac arrest.
“Mercury!” he managed before he was pushed beneath the surface once more. Not that that information was of much use to John. “And I'm not quite Jesus but I feel flattered!”
“What? I did explain it to you!”
“Ah, Doctor Watson. What's the matter?”
John who would have liked a cup of tea very much got cut off by Sherlock. “No, thank you. We have to pick up our daughter form the kindergarten soon.”
“I do?”
“I-” John hesitated. “He's supposed to know it,” he ended up saying, and Greg could merely shake his head
“What?... Decency?”
“Oh please, Greg, he has done worse,” John merely replied, surprising himself with it. Who would have thought he would one day be so easy with talking about crimes?
He threw his head back groaning. “Take it off, NOW. You do know I loathe repeating myself, don't you?”
“I am so sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going,” he apologised as he picked up the things. Groceries mostly, John noticed as he helped. He glanced at Sherlock. What was he playing at?
“Ah, Sir, just tha best as to everyone! How 'bout a nice reindeer to add to ya tree? Look at this beautiful imitation!” He held up a unbelievingly cheesy silver reindeer up to show it off not just to Sherlock but everyone, a big smile plastered on his face. John didn't find it hard to believe this man might be a murderer. He might not look like one but he knew better than to distrust Sherlock's deductions.
“How can you think about dinner now? Sherlock!” John hurried after him, trying to catch up to the bloody idiot with the ridiculously long legs. “Sherlock, we were worried about you. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, your brother, me, because we didn't know what you were up to!” He stopped the oh so great only Consulting Detective in the entire world in his tracks to make him look at him.
“You suck at being decent.”
“I'm getting ready for battle, John!” he called, and John found himself back a while ago when he had said the exact same and they had stood opposite a completely naked woman and a bunch of Americans with their guns pointing towards them only moments later.
“You can’t fix her, Sherlock.”
Tallack glared at him. “I’m familiar with the subject, yea.”
“Ah.” John makes no move to shake her hand.
Johnny pushed into a sprint, trying to outrun the tears. His too-large boots clopped. The cloud of starlings swirled above the trees along the path, keeping pace with him. He called out to the swooping mass with steel in his cracking voice.
John could only stammer and stare. “But I didn’t
“John
how we traveled here!”
“You’d best. But truly, congratulations, mate,” he grins smugly. “’Bout bloody time. Now don’t cock it up.”
Sherlock tosses his violin onto the bed with a frustrated huff. He’s been stuck on the nerve-cluster catalyst for two days and it’s driving him mad. To make it worse, Sherrin’s had to put in some face-time at the lab, so he’s had no one to bounce ideas off of for hours. With a growl, he stalks from the room and sets off for the forest.
They sit very quietly. Where a moment ago Sherlock was ready to explain himself out of John’s life, now his mind is curiously blank while it catalogs the warmth and pressure of each place John has willingly pressed his body against his own.
“No, perhaps not. I still like Octavia.”
“As did your mental shield.”
“Don’t you know already? Look at me. Look around us. Goodness, all the 2am feedings are making you
“Already did.”
than alone.”
High above, Sherlock briefly blocks out the crescent moon as he pulls himself over the edge and disappears from view.
“Sherlock, can you hear me? Stay with me. For the love of fucking god you are going to stay with me, you owe me one hell of an explanation.” He realizes Sherlock is muttering through gritted teeth and leans in close, his breath fluttering on John’s cheek.
John shifted his attention to the books, finding many in languages he didn’t recognize. He was drawn to a set of matching leather-bound volumes on a shelf above the writing desk. Tugging the first free, he found pages filled margin to margin in the same dense script as the statue tags.
“Course she is!” Orvis sneered. “She’s so low she does
Sherlock feels a seismic pulse that shakes him to his roots. The vault is crashing apart. Nothing he can do will hold back what has been straining for release. Trembling, Sherlock watches a metamorphosis take place on John’s face - the bare wonder taking on a familiar steel, a hint of smile, a spark in his eyes that always means
The delivery man from Red Sun Shanghai Takeaway looks up from his receipt. Sherlock scowls at him.
Instead, Orvis and Byrum had found him huddled atop the windmill, sobbing.
John thought to him with quiet caution.
“I should have expected this and been better prepared,” he soothes, digging into one of the side pockets of the baby bag and passing him a bottle. “This is not the most pleasant of ways to receive one’s child.” He watches Sherlock drain the bottle and decides to take a chance. “Is there anything especially bothering you? I haven’t seen you like that in an age.”
Sherlock studies him quietly.
ten minutes. You’ll forgive me if I saw fit to intervene once the executioner was brought in.” He wrinkles his nose and turns away. “God, you smell terrible.”
“How can you even be sure it
“John,” his voice is gravelly from sleep, “I’ll trust you didn’t mind too much that I kipped on you instead of a pillow.” He scrubs the cobwebs from his eyes, pushes up from the bed and shuffles to the door. While he has woken marginally refreshed, the
“I needed to avoid the Netters, so I signed on as mind reader with this circus.”
“I never showed symptoms, though my half-brother nearly succumbed. I tended to them. My father was away, on the continent.”
“I planned to return the moment I had ensured your safety, even if that meant returning to the ashes of what we once had.”
Sherlock thought, marveling at the depth and sweetness of the emotion. John was holding this back from him. But why?
“Daughter…” Sherlock breathes, stumbling forward a step as if tugged magnetically to the wheeled crib. The paralysis in John’s legs suddenly breaks and he rushes forward, Sherlock in tow, heart thudding in his throat. They crowd the crib to look in.
“Went anyway. Right, ‘course. Not like Sherlock to leave you behind.” Greg leans against the wall, arms crossed, eyebrows knit. “Can you remember anything from when you were at Magnusson’s?”
John nodded mutely, marveling that this small, aged woman had journeyed across the wide seas.
. We and anyone who could be used as a pressure point are heavily guarded at the moment. We were last certain of her location in Calcutta. The team sent to liason with her last night was not successful. She is in the air again, moving east.”
her. Oh, it hurts – it’s
love.
John brushes the baby’s cheek.
Sherlock’s voice is barely more than a breath.
“It looks like common cinquefoil. But it’s too large.”
of it, the bristles as thick and tidy as if he’d been trimming them every morning for years. “We must learn the trick of this. Perhaps we’ll find confidantes at the haven to teach us.”
for your thrilling project so I may inquire after your activities without threatening my very life,” he sniffs lazily.
Sherlock steers him through the gates of Regents Park, the trees shadowy above domes of lights dotting the path, the city skyline glittering.
some small hopeful voice pipes in. What if the closest he can get to saying “I choose you” is “I won’t choose them”?  He gently takes the book from John’s relaxed fingers, marks his page, and turns out the light, continuing to work in the dim light of his laptop.
It grips his heart how calmly Sherlock is trying to speak, the quiver in it betraying him.
In response, Sherlock leaps up from his bunk and quickly scales the small ladder leading to John’s.
“Second, a half-dryad was found in Regents Park, struck by lightning on a perfectly clear day, tied to iron lightning rods and burned to charcoal by the time we’d arrived.”
John suddenly realized he’d walked halfway across the grounds, heading back to base.
“You were practically a prisoner,” John says quietly.
“Where have you
– to only be capable of
and ends here: John eyed him dubiously, but the man was right...
: I went to a doctor
Sherlock pats his back gently.
Sherlock turned to him, his eyes shrewd. “How did you do it?”
“Two-hundred and fifty-nine comments? That’s preposterous. You only posted it last night.” Sherlock tosses his newspaper onto the blanket and slides closer to John on the bed, peering at his laptop.
Only a few months into his attempt at normalcy, a passing Royal zeppelin had dropped a shower of pamphlets onto their village. John had snapped one up from the cobbles as he walked to work. It wasn’t the usual lurid anti-Faerie propaganda,
John pulls more supplies from his kit, slathering on antiseptic and spraying something that makes his skin feel prickly, then numb. He’s taken out a modern kind of suture tape, measuring and trimming it to the exact length of his wound.
. She raises her eyebrows with an expression that is more resigned than surprised.
“It’s okay, I’ve got you, I’ve got you, John…”
Sherlock’s face appears at the edge, pale and breathless, and reaches down to him. With a grip like iron, he pulls John out over the well’s mossy lip onto the grass. Taking his weight, Sherlock half-drags him away from the edge. John’s legs have no strength and buckle beneath him. He collapses against Sherlock in a pile of sodden rope.
“Who was the son of Tuor and Idril?” he demands.
Sherlock glances at the door with its ruined lock. “Obviously,” he whispers.
So that’s it. He’s been drugged, on one of the... mad sister’s whims. Eris...Eros? What was her name and why is it slipping away from him? Might be the drug. He scrubs his face wishing he could sort fact from dream. Someone’s clearly dumped him here to terrify Sherlock into a frenzy of deduction. And he can’t do a thing to help him.
” John asked, bewildered.
Onward!
“There,” said John soothingly. “Bit more color coming back to your face. You get a nasty shock in there or something?”
“Alright, yes, very astute,” John grinned. “I was actually referring to the
, John, not
Breathing short, hissing gasps, he waits for the pain to ebb, blinking his vision clearer. It’s afternoon. There’s Mum, asleep in a chair, skin gray, hair askew. No sign of his dad.
John feels more than sees that Sherlock’s hand has drifted away from his elbow and, from the cover of John’s back, slipped into his dressing gown pocket. A nod, hardly a tremor. It’s enough. John coils himself to spring.
chemical reactions in your mind like you can read a person’s history at a glance. While other idiots your age while away the time getting stoned, you’re learning more about the brain than most neurosurgeons.
John braced for the skull-cracking impact, but suddenly felt weeds tangling around his limbs – no, not weeds. Rope?
“John! Through here!”
He can picture her, quietly appearing to meditate in her favorite overstuffed chair, tending to her memories in her garden. In her mind she had shears in her apron pocket, floppy sunhat tied beneath her chin with a chiffon scarf.
“Cloud District. Each of these sheds is teeming with
It had been on John’s night table. After a few paragraphs, Molly’s voice rings in his head.
lying in hospital, unreachable.
His hands slide across algae-slick stone – an instinctive revulsion surges him upward, only to stumble and pitch forward into the shallow pool. Something is tugging at his leg, holding him back. For a brief moment, every horror movie fear skitters through his mind.
It was a moderately-sized bridge troll, seated at a cluttered table, his head thrown back in sleep.
.” Cupping Sherlock from behind, he slides him into his mouth.
“When his successor chose him, he was a brilliant theoretical physicist. His mental acuity was, as you so intimately know, accounting for variables and discerning their interconnectedness, determining the most ideal outcome and following the circuitous path needed achieve the goal.
“Then let us hope
Impossibly, hands grip him, lifting his head above the surface. Warm arms wrap around his back, squeezing him fiercely. John sucks in breath raggedly, blinking water out of his eyes. But even if he were blind, he'd know. Though drenched in the foul water, the scent of Sherlock is strong as John lets his head drop onto his friend’s shoulder. He lets out a huff that's almost a laugh and mostly a sob. Sherlock, whose feet can touch the bottom, is panting as if he’d run a long distance to the well before clambering down. The rumble of his deep voice is muffled, vibrating against John’s chest.
Sherlock gasped and his eyes flew open, his arms fastening back around John in a terrified grip. John felt a lurch in his abdomen as Sherlock's flight kicked in. Growling with the effort, he eased their fall into a fast, spiraling descent.
sound thrown in that makes John think vaguely of the sea.
Johnny crashed hard into the branches of the apple tree, the brittle limbs snapping painfully against his legs and back. His sweater snagged, pulling tightly against his armpits, boots dangling high above the ground.
“Oh, what now, has Isis got the bomb?” Sherlock sighs wearily, wincing as the doctor stitches.
“I’ve made a makeshift sling,” he calls down. “Can you get in? Can you hold on?”
Temporarily sated, finally dressed, they amble around the little flinty town. Though they are strangers here, Sherlock is acutely aware when they leave the safe confines of their room as a couple. It feels raw and sensitive, like newly-healed skin.
“Sherlock,” John chuckles, “you’ve just convinced me to stay, we’ve just ordered dinner!”
But John had insisted that he go to the conference anyway.
He feels his stomach flip and his knees go watery as John suddenly steps very close, the conifer-sweat-fried rice scent filling his nose, the brisk wind blowing suddenly, whipping his coat.
has the best.” His voice grows rough. “Yet still two died that day. Because I insisted, yet again, to reach you against all advisement. The papers reported it as a robbery on your street that ended rather badly.” John’s eyes widen with recollection.
He was transfixed – he had never seen Clairvoyant magic like this before.
“It’s a very distressing situation for you. Your
“Odd stroke of luck, then, dropping into the Thames,” John said ruefully.
In his hands, John’s voice on the screen makes a small, strangled cry. Sherlock realizes with a pulse of horror that the camera had continued to record throughout John’s fall. Next to him, John tenses, shifting his weight between his feet, folding his arms protectively.
to act like you’re on leave.”
Sherlock is
“Dr. Watson, please,” the medium said tersely. “I only intend to press my palm against yours to clarify my psychic connection, nothing else.” John was startled at being addressed by his name – but then, Kinsey must have said something.
“Oh?”
John’s stomach flipped. The shock on his face did not need to be feigned.
Hello, my dear readers! I was going to wait to post chapters 14 and 15 together, since they're both quite long with a cliff-hanger in the middle, but it's my 40th birthday today and I feel my hobbit roots urging me to give gifts to others. There is a great deal of discovery and warmth in this chapter that a lot of us could probably use during these times. Stories are one of my most soothing balms to the world's chaos.
“John,
Sherlock takes the laptop from him, their eyes snagging briefly.
his premonitions, he didn’t want John to leave.
He replaced the resonator stone and made an attempt to reconstruct the metal bird, but the edges wouldn’t catch. Annoyed, he looked up to see his new messenger boy in the doorway holding a steaming cup. Lestrade abruptly traded the tea for the mechanism. “Here, try your hand at this.”
“And not a moment too soon,” Mrs. Hudson says patting his hand. “Would have been dreadful if you had to be carted off somewhere far from home to keep you safe. Sherlock, that bit still isn’t clear to me. Why did you only have the three days? Where was he to be taken?”
“And I suppose you used the mortar and pestle for the sugar cube?”
“Well, quite humble, I see.”
He scans the orderly automatically,
“Will he be okay?” Sherlock asks for naïve effect.
Sherlock reaches down, wincing as John flinches from his touch. Sherlock eases away as if from a skittish animal, giving him space, his breath tight in his chest. John seems unaware of what’s just happened. He leans over to check that Melissa is sleeping and absently rubs at his right shoulder.
He had sat vigil at the bedside of patients before, but never in a force-field for a magically-exhausted half-Faerie man now on the run from the Queen’s Army. He eyed the dome that hovered around them, marveling that it held its shape even while Sherlock was so solidly asleep. There was so much about wild magic he didn’t understand that Sherlock took entirely for granted. A little thrill curled up his spine at the thought of all the conversations ahead with him. And maybe there would be other halfbloods, if they managed to reach London.
he woke, you ridiculous man. Lucky thing for you I was already planning on bringing you a bite.” She doesn’t lose a beat as her scowl drops, beaming at John while she sets the tray onto a cluttered lab table. “Oh
He is harder to track in socks, but even with his eyes closed, Sherlock can feel the subtle shift of the room’s eddies as John moves toward him, tiny pops of ankle and knee joints as he endeavors to move quietly, breath held, a lick of lip and–
“Doc,” Kinsey said tightly. “It’s
With a shiver, Sherlock scoops up the confused rat and places him at the start of last week’s maze. The sleek, spotted rat sniffs the air, whiskers trembling, and suddenly zips off, taking each turn with sharp precision. Sherlock watches, breathless, as Morpheus completes the old maze as perfectly as he had before the serum.
I’m in the ambulance with you and you’re not going to make it. I’m just drifting off to sleep,
“Clearly.” He watches with a small, surprised smile as Sherlock checks his reflexes and takes his blood pressure. Popping in the earpieces, he presses the stethoscope to John’s chest.
Sherlock reaches out, lightly touching the bleeding cut that’s begun to swell on John’s forehead. “She knocked you into the bedside table.”
“Sherlock,” she grins impishly, “we’re the
Sherlock gives him a lopsided grin, then, seemingly satisfied with his makeshift cocoon, sits closely behind him, wrapping his long limbs around John for maximum contact. Sherlock drops his chin to John’s shoulder wearily, his voice rumbling in his ear. “Just rest now, I’ll do what I can to keep you warm. Help will be here soon.” Sherlock sounds exhausted as the adrenaline of his rescue ebbs away.
Sherrin had complained of a time-slip only a few days ago, of feeling poorly. Likely he was being sloppy with his procedures and accidentally got one of the rat’s doses of TD-12. And then
“I won’t work for you,” he seethes, cheeks flushing crimson.
Sherlock flinches, ducking his head. Tears burn his eyes.
Sherlock swiveled, giving John the full brunt of his scowl. “Our glamors age by the moment and you prattle on about mundane magic.”
, Bernard,
“John,” Sherlock hummed from the vicinity of his belly, “I may have been a teensy, weensy bit deceptive last night. Don’t be cross.”
requested a room with
Sherlock grins and quickly hides it.
“I’m not
“Why?” he asks warily. It’s not at all what he was expecting. Maybe,
John steps gingerly through the shattered glass on the floor, crouching by her side. He’s taking her pulse, looking at her with a mixture of disgust and rage and pity, closing her wide, horrified eyes with a brush of his fingertips. His chest is heaving.
“She was working for Moriarty, then? Seems just the sick sort of game he’d play.”
Sorry I’ve been so quiet. Things have been bloody awful. Sherrinford fell ill suddenly. A coma, from a virus. He was dying, but the doctors found a cure. He’s home now, getting better. Sort of.
Now that the lecture was over and the first fumble attempted, Sherlock found the practice quite enjoyable. He and John made one another snort with laughter as they manifested semi-effective jowls, golden curls, and long leonine noses. The botched attempts were hilarious, but each time it became a bit easier. Sherlock was grateful for the return to their easy, playful banter.
To: wssh1875@iol.com
the disturbance in the air like a splinter in silk.
“My dear brother, you are a genius, but your rational mind has been obscured by your emotions. You were easily manipulated. Do not mistake my judgement for rancor. I have been monitoring Sherrin closely ever since he was approached by the Magpie Collective. Once you became involved in project Redbeard, I took certain measures. I do care about you both deeply, in my fashion.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded happily. “Keep focusing on the facial features until I return, boys. You’ll do better if I’m not watching over you.” She walked off into the tall bracken with her gathering basket, Lune at her heel.
“We both chased it,” John says wistfully. “We were brilliant together.”
. Too
John held his breath. Wind pushed through tall pines crowding the cottage that he’d glimpsed in the jeep’s headlights the night before. He listened to the empty space in the air where the constant hum of the city was simply absent.
snuffling into his hair. John’s stomach twists painfully. What is he whispering? The words are just at the edge of his comprehension as he slides into sleep.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head. “Oh no. Faerie cannot shed the blood of another without that creature’s consent. It’s part of the natural order they are bound to, as beings made wholly of wild magic.”
“Show me.”
“Sorry, I… if you’d rather not–”
A wave of cold spreads through Sherlock.
From: wssh1875@iol.com
“My grandmother’s cottage. In Sussex. I want us all to go there. For a while, a long holiday. The summer, maybe,”
John pauses, hands poised above his work. He blinks at Sherlock, absorbing his words. He sucks in his breath suddenly, focusing on the wound. Sherlock observes the corners of his mouth twitch up, but he tries to keep his face straight.
“I had been Brook’s choice, and I played my role, but I was not exactly a model Moriarty. I ferreted out enough of the cancer to restore the balance largely in favor of benevolence. They want a Mycroft these days, they don’t want me. I was given back my life.”
On a plate, John found the promised biscuits and quickly ate one. It was buttery and delicious, so he pocketed several more. Lune padded to a plain wooden door that led onto the garden, then looked back at John expectantly.
, it’ll attract attention. Nobody but the Queen and her lackeys use those terms anymore. So. What am I?”
In his mind palace, John’s tree is suddenly covered in pale buds the color of his lips and nipples and blood-flushed cock. As they crush together in an earnest rhythm, waves of sensation rush through his body and the buds burst open, covering the tree in vivid red flowers that smell faintly of John’s peppery musk.
Lissa threaded a cold, damp hand into his own. “A spot, just below her left eye. That’s how I’ll know. When I see her again. I’ll know it’s Anura.”
She chuckled. “None at all. They’re filling.”
Sherlock stares at him for a very long moment, his face a perplexed mask. John feels like he’s crumbling inside.
He began to register a new sound, a hoarse roar. Downstream, John glimpsed the hulking, shadowy arches of what could only be the London Bridge.
So... this is turning into a much longer ending than I realized, so hurrah!! Here's two chapters today, and still another to come! I just couldn't stop writing about J&S' growing relationship as they waited for the baby to be born. <3
Sherlock eases off the rocker and passes their daughter to John. “Here, baby, go to Papa. Dada needs the loo.” Stretching and popping vertebrae in his neck, Sherlock scuffs sock-footed down the stairs.
Turning toward the manor, he sees the shape of Sherrin coming up the walk, his small blue Fiat parked beneath one of the big elms.
His parents, in their fashion, did not ask questions about the accident. The truth, as they saw it, was painful enough. Sherrin and Sherlock, always two peas in a pod and up to mischief, only this time Sherrin’s illness had tangled things, made the innocent act of a morning drive a deadly misstep in judgement. And Sherlock? He was only fifteen, just a boy going along with his brother’s whims. No one ever asked him where they’d been going. The local authorities were deafeningly silent on the whole matter.
“And then it just slammed into me, this flash of Mary all decked out in black James Bond gear, aiming a gun, a strange looking thing, right at me. I felt utterly panicked. Betrayed. Just that flash, nothing else. It shook me, terribly.”
When finally the blast faded away, Sherlock blinked rapidly as the bedraggled form of John melted into a solid, jowly fellow in workman’s trousers and scuffed boots with a tanned, mustachioed face, his hands large and freckled. He was so utterly different that Sherlock burst out laughing again.
You simply had to think of what you needed, and the magic would follow the energetic intent. But somehow, just
“It just doesn’t
He was vaguely aware of Sergeant Gregson jeering at him again when a sudden explosive boom made them flinch and duck. A wave of heat washed over John as a dead tree combusted into full blaze. Sergeant Gregson cried out and lost her hold on him. In that instant, awed and terrified, John pulled free of her, wrenched off the iron circlet, and bolted into the darkness.
“Why indeed?”
Sherrinford scoffs.
I modified TD-12 to correct the contraindication with TD-10. It still wasn’t enough.”
“It’s fine, just scraped.” But John has already begun digging in his light pack for the first aid kit he insisted they bring. Sherlock knows the first-responder instincts soothe John, and lets him tend to his bleeding knees without complaint. He notes the abrasions on John’s palms and the tremor in his left hand.
Pink spots broke out on either side of John’s cheeks and his nostrils flared. “That – that something you do? Go into people’s dreams and muck about?”
“NO, you’re NOT.”
“And spring rolls. And mango rice. And drunken noodles.”
“It would be
There is a grunt, a loud metallic clatter, and John is leaping out of bed, gasping. Someone is sprawled on the bedroom floor in the dim light of the hallway.
She happily accepts the trade, drool coating her chin and the toy. Her eyes suddenly lock onto something and she lunges her upper body toward it. Sherlock places her on the floor, grinning as she speed-crawls to the case of butterfly and bee specimens on the wall, tugging herself onto her feet and whacking a moist hand against the plexiglass. Sherlock crouches down to recite the genus and species for her.
Sherlock’s soft baritone floats tinnily through the monitor, singing in Italian. It’s one of Lissa’s favorites. Just another thing he can thank their baby for – helping him discover Sherlock’s singing voice.
you have.”
your prophecies?”
John became aware of Mrs. Hudson studying them intently. “Has that–” she pointed to John’s hand still pressed to Sherlock’s chest. “Has that purple light happened before?”
On the video, the drone swoops away giving a startling view of the near-vertical side of the Red Ridge dropping several hundred meters to a field of boulders. John swallows hard, his voice suddenly tight.
John pushed off the gauzy hope, his heart sinking. More likely they’d be caught, secreted away, imprisoned with the other hapless halfbloods. Rumor had it that the Queen kept them all to herself in dungeons beneath her immaculate Laboratory, subjecting them to horrific experiments. John’s left fist clenched tight. He wouldn’t let that happen.
“No idea, don’t really care, honestly, not that they’d ever tell me. I’m just the Scientist in the White Coat, dozens of others like me, each with our little puzzles, very limited access to the other labs. Big men, big guns, like I said. Not surprising that this bunch doesn’t want them to be particularly
“Right,” Sherlock says hoarsely. "Get back here. Quickly."
Sherrin hushes them, his hysterics bursting out in wheezes and snorts as they topple over and lay on the floor. Sherlock finally catches his breath.
“Is this… your next advance?” Sherlock asks, dumbfounded.
Sherlock shook his head. “If you’d been out treating patients, you could have contracted it and joined the casualties. I am selfishly grateful.”
hot.”
for you to see
“Yep.”
Sherlock grinned quickly, then frowned. This was not the time to be show-boating. “Now then. You said the fifth murder happened on the new moon. Is there any pattern with moon phases?"
Lissa stared longingly at the frog. Then, with a sudden shuddery breath, she nodded. “Right. I wouldn’t want someone taking me out of the cottage. Or the flat. I bet she has dads in the pond who would miss her, just like me.”
. You’ve truly saved us. It’s
Sherlock, here? At his bedside? He feels a sudden pain wrench his insides that has nothing to do with his recent surgery and it twists harder as warm, wet drops start falling onto his face and that’s Sherlock’s voice, right in his ear, rough like he hasn’t used it in a while, cracking with tears, muttering, “–they said you wouldn’t wake and I never believed them, never left you, John god John are you really awake? Can you hear me I–”
. They shouldn’t have to learn this again. It burns in his chest. They’ve lost years.
“Mary!” John yells.
“Sherlock,” John tries to sound serious, but the view of his nude chef from behind is too much. “You must promise me that when this is all over, we’ll get the toxins out of the kitchen.”
“Well, I need to bring the last payments back–” John blinks, confused by the question.
things.
They track them all the way into the City. Sherlock strides from his cab into an ostentatious high-rise, more glass than steel.
“You’re right, husband. Let’s just go get this done.”
He huffed irritably. He’d avoided his
He studies Sherlock for a serious minute, lips twisting with concentration, then jumps up to make a circuit of the flat. He changes his clothes to soft pajamas in the bedroom. While he’s in the kitchen he pops a bag of rice into a pot to cook and takes out the cold chicken curry from the night before. That done, he walks the perimeter of the sitting room, then returns to the couch where Sherlock has become absorbed in his laptop.
“That would be lovely. It’s an old injury, with a long story. I won’t bore you with it now.”
“If­—” John falters, “you want that, too, I mean.”
John laughs with delight. “How do you do that? The
“It isn’t a
She raised her eyebrows and looked at him shrewdly. “Sometimes Fate forges bonds fast as hot steel plunging into cold water.”
She stopped her harvesting to look at him shrewdly. “How did you know? Wall Guard intel?”
“I do not pretend that our life will be free of risk. I have made many enemies and require significant protection from The League. Though frankly, I can think of nothing so terrifying or dangerous as attempting to raise a human being from scratch.” Sherlock smiles sadly. “I’m tired, John. These years have weathered me. I crave something very different than I once did.” He pulls him close and nuzzles the top of his head. “You may not believe me, but there are vital puzzles to occupy my mind that don’t necessarily involve murderers. But. I worry about you. You’ll very quickly get bored with this domestic version of me.”
"What are you doing?" Jacob asked as John laid his jacket to the ground, smoothing it out flatly to the dirt.
"John," He heard William's voice, and saw him running to him, his cheeks flushed from the excessive energy and he was out of breath.
"So, you've got a boyfriend, then?" John asked, looking into William's eyes.
Sherlock turned a corner somewhere along the way and he felt a pair of hands grip the back of his robe and pull him. Sherlock was thrown against the wall, where he lost his breath, falling with gravity to the cold, stone floor. That Slytherin boy from the library the other night; he was Harry's tail and he did not look happy as he crouched down to intimidate Sherlock,
"As long as you're okay," he said.
"What the hell is wrong with you," Sherlock hissed, furrowing his eyebrows at the short, fat man.
"Well, how're you holding your wand, then?" Sherlock asked, arching a brown. John showed him the motions he used and Sherlock clicked his tongue, shaking his head.
"You'll do a two-student project on how the knowledge of astronomy can be used in important situations! Good luck finding a partner, Holmes!" The professor said, shutting his folder of papers he had on his podium.
Sherlock liked to think of that feeling when he was down on his luck. When he was looking for a fix. He knew that John wouldn't approve, however, Sherlock didn't have John anymore, so he couldn't reinforce that feeling and replace that high with the high he got when he stuck the needle in his arms.
John looked around for William in the school's centre lobby, but there was no trace that the boy had even existed as John was pointed to his assigned dorm room.
Walking, Sherlock took the stairs to the west lower floor instead of the west towers, where both of their houses were.
"What?" William said, causing John to look up and see the disappointed look on his face as he slowed his pace to a hesitant stop.
"What about you; you don't seem fine, John," Mike suggested, looking at the marks on the unbeknownst Gryffindor's neck and face. John looked down,
It took a moment for Sherlock to process that information. "Why were people laughing at me, then?"
"But, they told me not to tell, or they'll beat me up." Then, William loosened up as he let out a breathy chuckle, "I don't know why I was scared, though; I've had tougher people beat me up before."
"My father is a drug addict, my sister's an alcoholic, my mum gets beat on a daily basis, and we have absolutely no health insurance; I kind of have to take a first aid class every couple of months," he said darkly almost in a growl as he looked down at the boy, "but all that matters right now is pulling him back into the castle and getting help," John looked behind him as he turned and pulled. It was cold out that night and it was a long path. Especially when you're pulling someone else's convulsing weight instead of running away from a big ass dog.
"One, I'm not a 'tinker-kid,'" He said, lifting his goggles and twisting his body s that he could wrap an arm around his chair, "And, two, from now on, take your shoes off at the door, please." He said with an annoyed smile.
"Mr Reese," Harold worriedly gave as a brief warning.
The drive back was awkwardly silent. He only but began to read up on a charms textbook he'd checked out from the library. Mumbling the incantations to practise without his wand, John's father glared at him through the rearview mirror. "Won't be needing that, son," he said with a scoff, "you're going to school in London," John looked up,
"You're just wasting it," before he French inhaled his smoke once more, then huffed it out his nose finally. "Take the biggest breath in, and hold it for as long as you can; It's the best move for a rookie like you." John nodded as he followed William's advice but then choked on his smoke as it came out, thick and burning. "That a' boy," William chuckled as he patted on John's back.
"Woah, Harry. What the hell?" John asked, speedily forcing his arms up to defend himself from Harry's angry swings.
"You're going to regret running like that," He said, letting out a breath of laughter. "You'll need any amount of stamina you can make, mate." He then took his hand from John's back to shake John's hand with. "Bill Murray, mate," He introduced.
"No kidding!" His father said with an unsure chuckle.
"And, what point would that be?" John asked, looking at Sherlock instead of in front of him. Sherlock looked at John,
"We're late for potions," John groaned as he went back behind Sherlock's chair and began pushing him again. Sherlock leaned his head back and hummed whilst watching John's facial expression change from that of annoyance and frustration to a smile,
"Which is only thirty-five percent of your class grade," William chimed in,
"Yes, I know about all of that. I've done punnet squares before," John groaned. "What's dee nova, though?"
"Good morning professor Flitwick," John entered first, as they'd agreed on their way to the restrooms, to surprise him with Sherlock's awesome presence, as he himself put it as John laughed.
Victor burst through the doors, his face contorted with sickening worry as he ran up to Sherlock and hugged him tightly. Sherlock did his best to push the boy off, "Vic-, My... M-my ribs...!" Victor and up and Sherlock groaned, seeing that Victor was crying. "No need to get upset," he tried to reassure the boy, but it wasn't helping.
They entered the Great Hall and Sherlock had been invited to sit with Victor at his table, but Sherlock didn't want to, so he ate alone.
"I hate you," John grumbled, though his mouth couldn't help but quirk up at the edge of it. Sherlock opened the door a bit more after John had shaken his hips into the pants, pulling them up still in the back as Sherlock leaned in to plant a quick, sweet kiss to John's lips, John's eyebrows lifting almost immediately as Sherlock forgot to lean back, instead tilting his head to gain leverage into the blonde's mouth, which was easily granted by the doctor.
However, John, unfortunately, couldn't roll him and help him around the castle all day every day as they occasionally had some classes apart, unbelievably enough. Professor Sprout has been getting agitated with the frequency of John's latenesses to Herbology.
"In college, yeah." John said, furrowing his eyebrows, "Why?" Murray took a minute to prepare himself for the upcoming statement.
"I'd need John to help with my cover, though..." Lestrade whined with a frown, pointing to the blonde man.
"Hey, don't say that!" He said. John looked at him confusedly.
Sherlock entered the Ravenclaw common room feeling confused. Why was Victor acting all strange and huggy at Sherlock? I mean, yeah. He's a Hufflepuff and that's what they're supposed to do, right? But, Victor hasn't really been like that at the beginning of their friendship, so... Was he just now considering Sherlock as a friend? Well, Sherlock wouldn't mind that, but learning that having a Hufflepuff friend meant that he was going to get hugged, maybe he wasn't meant to be a Slytherin after all...? But, Sherlock liked Victor and he didn't want that to be the determining factor of friendship. Surely, that wouldn't be okay for either of them.
"Hmm?" William finally looked over at John and rolled his eyes. "It's a nicotine-free cigarette,"  He answered. John shook his head.
"Okay, whatever," John said, easily dismissing the suspicious behaviours William was putting out. "Second, you were right about Irene all along," John admitted.
"Oh, no. Sherlock will do," Sherlock said as he sat and brought himself closer to the edge of the table. He shook John's hand as he said his part. His name, his not-so-personal relationship to Mycroft. In fact, this wasn't exactly the first time John had been in his parents' house, however, he'd never heard the mention of a Sherlock in the family. "Ah, Geoff!" Sherlock chuckled, pointing to the man sitting next to Sherlock, who shook hands with the man as well, "Good to see brother dearest hasn't driven you off,"
'Sending a car -MH 08.45'
"Shit," John cursed as he took in the biggest breath he could. John went down again and opened his eyes to try to see where his friend could be. It took John a bit because his eyes had to readjust. John went back up to breathe, but as soon as he got a gasp in, his lungs were filling with water as he felt someone pushing him down fervently. John gasped, coughed, and choked. Gripping onto the boy's hands, he tried to scratch at the boy to get him to let go.
"Uh, yeah. So, Sherlock went... He went backpacking around in, uh, where was it?" Mycroft began but trailed off, seemingly confused or lost.
"Sebastian shut it, or should I tell the whole lot who you've gotten off with last night?" The boy said irritably as he was so frustrated with how much this young man was yapping about lies.
Sherlock had been working in the mortuary for the past couple of hours and had just gotten to the most crucial part of the case. The door opened and Mike held the door open wider whilst Sherlock was quickly writing something in his book. There was someone else who entered the room, he bore a cane from the sound of it. Sherlock glanced up after the second man muttered,
"John...!" Sherlock tried, going unheard by both boys,
"I don't see why I had to be her," John grumbled, struggling to walk in the heels Sherlock had snagged from Mrs Hudson's flat,
"Mmm," John groaned in delight.
"Hey, there, kiddo," Hagrid said, seeing John as he himself was about to sit in his own boat. He was huge. John looked up at him, "c'mon. We can share a boat," he said. His voice was low and rough, but it seemed as though his intentions were pure, which he was sure was true. John looked back to Jacob, who was already walking away.
John found a medic and told him there were men who needed his help, but he refused to go to work.
"Oi, I'm popping out to the off-license. William want anything?" He asked.
"We'll figure it out if we come to that," John said, picking up a breakfast sandwich, "First, I need to eat," John said before taking a big bite of the sandwich in his hands. "You can have some," John mumbled through his food, covering his mouth with his wrist as he pushed the tray with his elbow.
John had muggle school tomorrow morning, meaning no wands, no potions, no flying class... No Mary, no Sherlock... John went to bed that night but hadn't slept a blink.
"It's usually just 'William,' but I don't know; it doesn't fit me, you know?" He pouted dejectedly.
They had surprisingly made amends quickly, having a new understanding of one another. It was nice, Sherlock thought admittedly, this feels... Nice, Sherlock felt free to let a small smile form on his lips.
"Sorry," William said, but was once again disregarded by John.
"What!?"
"What? I'm right on par with them," Mary quickly argued, looking down at the books. Sherlock looked up at her with annoyance hinted in his scowl.
At that accusation, Mary's face flushed and panic flashed over her face, "how'd you know that I was planning to walk down with John?"
"Hmm?" William mused as his eyes trained on the horizon again,
As the pair of students entered the Mess Hall, William was keeping his distance from John. John received his dinner and looked around for any sign of Irene. William sat at an empty table in the back, John couldn't find Irene, so he sat down with him.
"No, that won't happen," Sherlock denied.
"Yep, yeah," William nodded some more, then muttered,
"What'd you mean?" Sherlock asked, raising his eyebrows as Jim described John. Sherlock didn't even look around to serch for the blonde boy. They hadn't seen each other in weeks, and John surely hadn't made his presence known to the boy. "I don't know...!" Sherlock said, causing the three boys to snigger and bounce in excitement, confusing Sherlock.
"And, my vomit. Yes, sorry I haven't cleaned it up yet." John apologised as he reached inside of his trunk for his things.
"No! Well, yes. I mean, not excessively, just like, every other night, and in my spare time, you know?" John tried to explain as accurately as he could, but he couldn't find the right words for his feelings.
"Maybe you should be checking out your suspect, DI," Sherlock gave with venom on his sharp tongue.
"You know what John's inner-eye-colour is, then?" She asked with a smirk. Sherlock faltered for a moment, feeling... embarrassed? He quickly snatched the paper back from the girl, who chuckled in response. Sherlock's face grew hot. He felt the need to make up some lame excuse.
Transfiguration with Slytherins was the difficult part of it as Sherlock hadn't made any friends in his house and he was considered innocently infamous among all Slytherins across Hogwarts. Of course, after class, Sherlock asked McGonagall if she'd seen John today and if he was okay. Surprisingly, she hadn't and asked if there was any reason he was asking, in which Sherlock had dismissed as if there was one, Sherlock didn't want John to get into trouble. So, instead, Sherlock just left the room, limping his way to his common room.
"John, why don't you come sit with us?" Irene asked, wanting to escape from William's presence.
William was quiet after that, going into his mind palace, he began thinking about John and what his situation must've been like at home. He said they've moved around a lot, but how would a man such as John's father adjust to multiple major changes in his lifestyle, accents, culture? His mother doesn't sound like much a drinker, and he himself was worried about addictive drug use, yet he wasn't worried if it were a cigarette addiction. So, even his mother must be a smoker, however, he doesn't completely condone it, judging the clothes he wore on the train smelled of smoke, yet none of his other items. How interesting, this boy is.
"Not religiously, however, we do like to dabble in it a bit," John said, pulling the lighter from William's coat pocket to light his fag up.
"Hey, Hagrid; could you get a blanket that you hardly use?" John asked as he huffed out a groan.
"I'm John Watson," John said, looking down at himself to see how he looked. John flopped himself back onto the seat, "I'm a first-year," John pulled his leg up with a grunt and pulled his wand from his sock. He smiled at Sherlock, who smiled back at him.
"What part of 'nowhere else' do you not understand, John?" He asked, gruffly from behind John.
"Um," John began,
"My God," John groaned, lifting a quick hand to his mouth to suppress what might come up if he didn't stop looking soon. He quickly was pulled away by Jacob, who pointed behind them as if to remind him of the dog chasing their scent. John shook his head, I don't want to get caught out here,
"Since you and Murray are in my class, all through hell-week, you are excused from attendance and all work will be exempted," Lt Flood said, and John was happy, he really was, however, he would be even more thankful if her were dismissed to walk back to his dorm, too.
