. John continued to send calm thoughts to Hyperion, he was in no danger, he was just following Sherlock. John felt a bubble of unease at that, Sherlock wasn’t Hyperion’s definition of safe apparently, but the bubble popped allowing some small amount of relief to trickle out across the bond as John assured him a few more times that he would be okay, that nothing bad would happen to him.
“Because I sleep while I’m a fish so I might be awake through the night. You doze too, I’ve noticed.” Sherlock said, arching an eyebrow at John.
John shifted away again, with a grumpy ripple of his skin, going back towards the kitchen and his angrily made tea, leaving Sherlock with a wide orange splotch along one side.
John could tell that the detective’s laser focus was still trying to come back online and Sherlock was frustrated by it, but the gratitude over John protecting him was genuine and that made John’s heart swell a bit and a small smile appear at the corners of his mouth.
“Could be better though,” Sherlock said making the same move John had done earlier and scooping himself around behind John, pushing him out the other door into their bedroom. Sherlock pushed John onto their bed, and rather than John forming a bright red coating on honey, Sherlock formed a sweet coat over cinnamon drop John.
“What? He is!” she whined as Lestrade came down out of the crate again, a glare hardening his face for the first time since John had met him.
John had watched Sherlock have a client, on more than one occasion, physically driven out to the Aerie to meet with him in a nearly closet-sized vacant guard booth at the taxi docks, technically still inside the limits of the Aerie’s walls and therefore not breaking his grounding rules. John had actually started keeping a little bit of a journal about the cases Sherlock brought him along to, some sounded genuinely interesting, but the recountings could also come in handy if John needed to get Lestrade involved. No, Sherlock’s brain craved a good case to the point of neglecting everything else, including food. Only Bellamy seemed to be able to truly break his focus and demand his attention if need be. John was the new addition who managed to get him onto at least a more regular eating schedule and keep him from filling Mrs Hudson’s flat with noxious fumes.
“Sherlock,” John barked, face gone red, he could feel it, and the mental picture that had drifted into his mind earlier made a valiant attempt to return, him and Sherlock in those positions, Sherlock on his knees.
The people were terrifying once there were enough of them outside. He couldn’t make out what they were saying through the water, just a garbled monstrous low babble, and then a child would bang on the glass he’d managed to drift near and the reverberating sound through the thick acrylic would startle him into movement until  he realized where it came from and went back to his listless nightmare.
A huff from Hyperion drew John’s attention away from the now silently bickering pair. John levered himself up to see his own dragon giving Sherlock the same look as Bellamy only John was privy to the tiny incensed thought of
“Er, when does she?” John asked floundering a bit for what else to say other than to ask Sherlock why he’d touched him like that.
“Oh, stupid! The gardener’s uniform, I should have seen, should have noticed! Her gardens were a shamble of weeds and unkempt hydrangea, no self respecting gardener would have done such a shoddy job of upkeep. And the bruises, they weren’t the sign of an abuser, they were the marks of a fighting victim…” Sherlock trailed off with an audible gasp of clarity, all the pieces falling together to form the picture of a xenophobic murderer capturing, torturing, and killing her alien victims in the basement of her home with the help of a couple flunkies.
“Not in the slightest,” John replied, grinning up at him as he gripped onto Sherlock’s waist and held him still as he fucked hard upwards into him, giving him that ‘faster’ he’d wanted before.
“Oh.” John looked down at the worn stone beneath his feet. That must have been awful for Jim; even with a partially solidified bond with Hyperion it had felt bad to be separated from him. To break that bond completely… a small tremor ran up John’s spine at the thought of it. The new revelation made a swell of pity form, clenching just below his heart for the poor man, the words “ex-rider” sounding painfully in his head.
“Don’t you dare, Sherlock,” John interrupted, knowing exactly what was coming ‘Take me instead, leave him behind,’ and John was not having any of that.
Helen grinned at him. “Heal first, John. You’ve got to let that shoulder recover, then we can get you out and about.” When John looked disappointed by that answer she amended, “Let’s see where you are in a week, and then I’ll see if I can arrange something.” On that note she rose from the bed and moved over to check some of the equipment surrounding John.
“The songs are one of the best bits of the season. You’ve never gone caroling, have you?” John asked trying to imagine a pale and sullen younger Sherlock as part of a group of carolers, knowing what he knew about Sherlock’s past he actually did doubt it.
Mary had Hyperion put her down after that; she seemed to realize a moment had just passed between dragon and rider. She unhooked herself and put the hoop away before she started rolling the ball with him.
The pair eventually ran out of steam there, staring at the broad tank. Sherlock leaned heavily into John and John leaned back, propping each other up, Sherlock’s head on top of John’s with his cheek pressed inelegantly into John’s hair as he blinked lazily. John had actually thought Sherlock had fallen asleep on top of him and nearly startled when the deep baritone spoke like a voice from God above him through his skull.
It was then John noticed a large sponge on a rope over his shoulder. Sherlock took it and started scrubbing her belly, Bellamy looking blissed-out as he continued. John couldn’t help but also notice Sherlock in tight black shorts like a wetsuit. He knelt on Bellamy’s chest, feet crossed under his arse as he leaned forward and scrubbed with both hands. Sherlock’s hair was plastered to his head, curls destroyed by the water but no less attractive, with a couple still struggling to maintain shape on his forehead. John was thankful for the cool water; getting an eyeful of barely-clothed Sherlock again-- the curve of his back as he scrubbed, his lean waist, those shoulders, the water drops accentuating the curves of his muscles and dripping from his face, those damn skin tight sleek shorts-- all worked together to make John’s cock try to send his brain an interested ‘hello’.
“Couldn’t you tell Lestrade?” John asked, his mental search for options turning up fruitless but for one thought cast towards the Masters.
“Hmm, no,” Sherlock grumbled, mulling it over himself for a moment. “An increase in security would only serve to drive the sponsor underground. No, we wait. Eventually something will happen. In the meantime, I have other cases to solve.” Sherlock sat up and grabbed for his barely-touched plate, moving to stand.
“Well… Those wounds will handicap him, Greg,” she finally said “They are healing, but they’re both deep and are going to scar pretty badly.”
“You wouldn’t be nearly as hungry every night if you’d just eat the pellets and squid they give us every day,” Sherlock huffed, not even bothering with wrapping a towel around his hips as he followed John to the shelf that usually held their clothes.
Sherlock buried his head in John’s shoulder, back heaving and arching as his thrusts became erratic and a hand came between them to stroke John’s cock. But Sherlock abruptly stilled, and John could almost feel him coming as he went rigid over him, biting John’s shoulder, fist pausing on John’s penis. Everything halted for a moment, nothing moving but the gentle sway of water around them until Sherlock relaxed and slumped onto John, weightless.
into people and back has just kidnapped the man I fucking love, so either give me something to help find him or step the fuck off!”
“After the morning I just spent with you!? What makes you think I would accept money from a shady man, who I do not know in the slightest, to essentially spy on you?” John cried.
John blushed and quickly tried to look anywhere else. She chuckled at his embarrassment, “My name is Irene Adler. I will be one of your carrier’s escorts today,” she said with a soft smile.
“That wasn’t so hard was it?” she said to him, climbing down and moving towards John. “I’m sorry John, but I need to see his other side now, if you could get him to roll over for me?” She gave him a pleading look.
“So How did Bellamy come about?” John asked looking up at said dragon who was busy loving on Sherlock with nuzzling.
“If you would like to swim with your dragons there are changing rooms and lockers just this way.” The woman indicated a unisex bathroom door in the wall behind her. John was about to decline, not having bought a pair of swimwear since his arrival, when Sherlock interrupted him by grabbing his arm and dragging him towards the door.
“She is my queen!” Sherlock bellowed suddenly, the happiness melting from his face at the accusation. “She has been my daughter, my charge, for the last 23 years, and wants for nothing; do not presume to know a rider’s love after less than a month of knowing a bond,” Sherlock said imperiously, actually rising from his chair and towering over John.
“At ease John, it’s a small chip, barely the size of a pencil eraser, there was no risk involved, it’s already being used to track large endangered animals in wildlife reserves,” Mycroft said calmly and turned to leave.
And Sherlock. Sherlock, John felt, needed something special, but for the life of him couldn’t think of what to get. He was running out of time to find something. John looked over at Sherlock lounging in his worn in track bottoms and shirt. What did he get for the man who had everything? He knew Sherlock was wealthy to some degree, if Mycroft’s decorative tastes and the fact that his parents were spending their retirement globetrotting were anything to go by. Sherlock’s suits were tailored, as was his riding gear, and his coat. John would almost bet money even his underwear was fitted. So no buying him clothes. He’d thought maybe gloves or a scarf, but Sherlock had both. So many items were just getting ticked off left and right in John’s mind. No jewelry, Sherlock already had a watch and didn’t wear cufflinks. No food, John barely managed to get him to eat regularly as it was. John wasn’t going to supply Sherlock with more laboratory equipment to clutter the kitchen with, he probably had everything he needed anyway, stocked by the Aerie’s veterinary and hospital divisions.
The first thing he wrote after a couple more aborted attempts at learning how to post, was about Sherlock, of course it had to be about Sherlock. And so he’d made his first post.
“Fuck John! John! Oooh fuck John!” Sherlock cried in the throes of pleasure, his grip on John’s physical form tensing and relaxing rhythmically as the waves of orgasm passed.
Dimmock caught his arm before John could do or say anything rash, pulling him aside. “John, do you know who that is?” he asked, leaning in to murmur it into his ear.
John thought sadly, watching the gentleness of a creature he had never seen in any circumstance beyond being used in war or as pack beasts. He secured the body, Hyperion watching intently the whole time.
“I think Hyperion would like some new plants,” John said, refocusing on Sherlock, who had left him standing next to the propped up watering barrel and had gone to the storage chest containing the gardening tools. “Just please, nothing too... scented, I guess is what he’s getting at.”
“Oooh kinky, and now he turns into a fish too? Like a werewolf?” Moriarty burst out laughing at him. The shark man holding him down started chuckling too along with her until she gave him a fierce glare that shut him up.
An idea popped into John’s head; he started to back away from Hyperion’s nose, carrot on a string to this particularly stubborn and hurt donkey. It worked: John eventually got far enough away from him that Hyperion’s only option was to break contact or take steps forward. The first step made Hyperion push his weight onto his injured shoulder and he quickly limped closer to John to take the weight away again. John continued to back away from the crate murmuring praises to his dragon as he limped along. Lestrade and his crew stayed nearby, guiding John towards the proper hallway. Lestrade sent Sally ahead to open the doors to Hyperion’s ‘pit’. They had almost reached the hall when Hyperion took a break, leaning against the corner abruptly, grunting loudly down into John’s face, eye’s pleading for the brief stop.
John watched enraptured as Sherlock came across his stomach, white pulses surging sluggishly from him to cover John’s hand after the initial spurts. And John didn’t let up, continuing to milk him with slow tugs and powerful thrusts. He wanted his own orgasm now, wanted to follow Sherlock over the edge. Sherlock was coming down from his, slumping astride his lap, but John was still going, thighs burning with the strain of maintaining the driving pace with the almost dead weight of Sherlock in his lap. Sherlock clenched around him trying to help him achieve his goal, a hand fumbled back to feel behind him and John felt those long fingers on either side of the place they were still connected, pressing at the underside of his cock as it disappeared and reappeared from that ring of muscle, it felt strangely incredible, and finally John felt the rush of orgasm, that high as he finally came inside Sherlock, thrusting hard a few more times between fingers and into that tight ring, clinging to Sherlock, before going limp, panting.
“He is… strangely interesting,” Sherlock finally said, his face spoke of confusion though, never having given a thought as to why he was pursuing Jim and not entirely sure why he had wasted his time to find out that there might be a pal in Panama or wherever they turned out to have come from.
“He said it was from Cardiff,” John replied, stepping out of her way as she bustled around the room, collecting a stack of towels and a tray of instruments.
“Why did you bring the case with us?” he finally asked Sherlock, who was sitting hands pressed together in his lap, staring off into the distance.
“What do you want, my dear? What about me?” John asked innocently, placing more kisses against Sherlock’s skin as it rippled and shivered beneath him.
Sherlock was writhing on John’s fingers at three, a thumb pressed to the perineum and three fingers stretching him open. John had had to pause multiple times, backing off as Sherlock babbled at him that he was about to come when John had manipulated his prostate a little too much. On one hand it’d made John smile and just want to finish him off, make that slight dribble at the end of Sherlock’s hard, twitching cock turn into a torrential ejaculation; but on the other hand they were working towards something more, and John absolutely did want to fuck him tonight. So he backed off a little, staving off Sherlock’s release some more, making that husky baritone moan and beg. “Please, John please,” he plead at the ceiling, his breath coming in harsh pants.
Lestrade didn’t have eyes in the back of his head, though, and so when he looked back at John he’d missed the spiney scarlet form shrink back down and squidge over towards Sherlock. Sherlock had slithered back onto his chair, pooling in the center of it and just sitting still like a massive dollop of honey with a single discolored spot. John reached out a tendril from his mass and slowly gently nudged Sherlock with it. Sherlock’s form shook in a ripple and didn’t reciprocate the touch at first, but after a moment he moved towards John. Knowing what Lestrade knew about the whole touching thing, he was tempted to look away, giving the pair privacy.
The man saw John coming this time and quickly closed whatever he was working on, checking a little plastic fish watch on his wrist before darting away.
They stood there in silence for a moment, John feeling the warmth of Sherlock seeping through his clothing where they were pressed side to side against the stone wall. He didn’t know what to ask or say next. A tightening in his stomach told him to stop thinking about the whole Jim business, John didn’t see him that much around the Aerie since he wasn’t teaching anymore, so it should be easy to put him out of his mind. Or was it just telling him they should go get dinner
“Where have you been?” John asked, looking around the door to see a wide strip of belly as Sherlock stood and stretched.
A plate of food being set down on the table next to him disturbed John from his conversation with Hyperion, he’d been concentrating so hard on the bond and talking to him John had completely missed Sherlock returning to the sitting room. Sherlock now stood next to him in fresh pyjamas and a blue silk dressing gown, his face still flushed from the warm shower and in the back of John’s mind he felt like Hyperion’s version of,
“Oh yeah? How can you tell?” John asked, looking Hyperion over. He didn’t look much different than he usually did.
“And you,” John pointed at Mycroft, “you could have at least told me to expect to see him around, at least lie and tell me ‘hey, my odd brother likes to go swimming in the tanks,’ maybe, I don’t know, pay me a little more to keep quiet about it and no one’s the wiser?”
“Er, no actually, I just met him last night and I haven’t seen him eat anything.” John admitted, Sherlock hadn’t stopped moving really it seemed since he woke up that morning, if he’d even slept at all behind that closed bedroom door. That gave John an idea. “I could take him dinner if you’ve got anything left.”
Sherlock eventually settled grumpily against John’s shoulder. John patted him comfortingly on the back with a small, “there there,” and he slumped down even further to lay his head in John’s lap. John knew now that Sherlock enjoyed his hair being played with and a hand buried itself into the dark curls right away. Sherlock was out like a light within the next half hour and John followed him soon after.
But Sherlock seemed to see the small amount of orange fade from John’s red skin. He suddenly arched from the couch, all that tension of staying in his small tucked position making him look like he was about to spring at John. He didn’t; he remained in a spiny arch suspended over his mate, shaking and making angry serpentine motions to see all around John as though he were checking to see how much color John had just let fade.
“Shh,” he quelled his pleasure hungry mate below. John wanted to make a form, his human form. They’d played before in that form. John let go the memory of the time they’d actually had sex in public, broad daylight, in the middle of Regent’s Park. John in his human form, Sherlock in his, John had taken Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock’s mind had instantly latched to his for what he assumed was a brief mental kiss only to find John’s mind holding a plethora of flirtatious thoughts and the idea that he wanted to have Sherlock up against a tree right there. They’d wound up in the shade of a massive tree. To the outside world they just looked like an average pair of modestly dressed Mollisians standing facing each other, but a closer look would have revealed on the exterior that they were holding hands and the tall honey colored one was shivering in waves, and so was the scarlet one, just not as noticeably. John had leaned in against him like a human would for a kiss, stroked Sherlock’s hand and flooded him with love, affection, and erotic thoughts until Sherlock suddenly spiked into a climax and abruptly lost his human form altogether, leaving John shaking next to a large bright, nearly glowing, lump of Sherlock in his coat.
“He looked like him,” a rougher voice said, tracing the beam of light all over John, leaving a shimmering ache in its path.
“May I fuck you?” Sherlock asked quietly as he kissed his way down John’s chin to suckle at his throat.
Mike was actually the one who met them just beyond the gate, in a van done up like an ambulance. It was there the black car stopped and they worked to transfer over to the van, Sherlock once again dragging the dripping case with them. John didn’t want to let the hatchling go and ended up keeping its head in his lap as the van took off.
! Yes, I have fallen for your brother, sue me! He has been the only company I’ve had for this entire fucking fiasco, I bloody love the mad arse I share my fucking fish tank with every day! The fact that my mind does not function on whatever supernatural plane the two of you do doesn’t mean a goddamn thing, I’m a fucking doctor, was a damn fine surgeon, fought in a war, and could fucking break you! I know right now that some nutjob who can turn
The rest of the bonding carried on fairly quietly. The next day, breakfast woke John again and Hyperion woke early enough to sit and ‘talk’ his thoughts, his feelings and curiosities flowing over John’s mind as he ate. John spoke to him plenty, still much more used to using his words to speak and get his point across, much easier than speaking with his mind. The bond continued to strengthen. It was as if while they slept their minds had grown closer, making it so much easier for John to feel the bond and get the images and memories from Hyperion.
“Well fine then, did he say anything else about this sponsor? Anything about the psycho who is giving out poison capsules to apparently any killer they see fit?” John huffed and sat back in his chair.
“The evening wasn’t ruined, if I had to choose between getting off and you feeling safe and comfortable you would win out every time,” John leaned down and kissed him on the forehead, stroking his cheekbones with his thumbs. “Maybe we should have started slower…” John trailed off.
Sebbie did as Jim had asked, and John soon found himself tipped belly-down over her shoulder. He watched the floor and familiar surroundings pass by while trying to think of a way out of this. Wherever they were going was not remotely good and Sherlock was still completely knocked out. Then it struck him: Sherlock was the one that was safe; it was only John they wanted to kill off. Jim had said she wanted to keep Sherlock around. If John could get away, if he could alert Mycroft. Yes, Mycroft could help. Now all John had to do was get away from the scarily strong Sebbie.
Sherlock made his return dressed in a new pair of pyjamas and another robe, this one burgundy. He had completed the earlier task he’d set out for in his towel, which had been to grab a couple crackers from the cupboard, and flopped in his grey chair across from John, still chewing as he sprawled.
John’s only other visitor for the day, beyond the kitchen staff and his therapist, was Tom, who came around noon carrying a big sealed box. With not much fanfare he fed Hyperion his daily painkillers with some chickens, and washed his hands.
“A few, most of the efforts are out with wild colonies. Rangers monitor the colonies, but there’s only so much protection you can give feral dragons, so with some species we have Aerie programs. It gets a bit complicated really--”
“Sherlock. Sherlock! Get back here.” Lestrade called, rounding the table to head Sherlock off before he could reach the door "What the hell is all this about! You’re not going anywhere until I get some answers.” Lestrade commanded, brooking no argument and looking like he was ready to physically body block the door to keep Sherlock from leaving.
Hyperion murmured to him through the morning, the bond gently rippling with calm happiness. A handful of soft worried ‘are you alright?’ questions in reference to the nightmare drifted across during breakfast as John sat down to a plate of simple eggs and toast, having braved the fridge to find a good carton of eggs.
John sat and grumbled at the morning light for a moment before grabbing his robe and shuffling downstairs for a morning coffee. Sherlock was energetic, tapping his heel restlessly against the rug as he sat in his chair watching John make coffee.
“Afghanistan, alright?” John cut the torrent of words short, answering the odd man’s question while breaking eye contact and trying to tuck his robe closed. He shuffled away, into the open kitchen door at his side, dim lights providing an eerie greenish cast to the lab equipment still scattered there. The creepy green lit upon Sherlock as the tall man followed him. John’s original target had been a simple cool glass of water, but his trajectory changed as he found himself brandishing the kettle from the stove in an almost warding motion. “Tea?” John heard himself saying.
“Mostly inane comments from people wanting me to tell them if their spouses are cheating on them or coming to my personal website to comment on youtube videos,” Sherlock grumbled.
“I sort of pity the aide Mycroft’s got bringing us clothes,” John said, tossing his things into the pile with Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock!” John was up and after him knocking on the door, but all he got was the click of the lock, a brief hazy view of him through the frosted glass, and the scroll of the shower curtain.
John smiled and moved over to peck Sherlock on the cheek again. “Ours,” he said, pulling off his jacket and tossing it onto the small chair in the corner. “Now then, you wouldn’t happen to have something I could sleep in?”
“If I’m reading her right, this is what she wants,” John murmured into Sherlock’s shoulder right next to his ear. For a long moment Sherlock remained stiff and fidgety like he didn’t know what to do. "She seems to want a human friend for you,” John added, squeezing a little tighter to get the point across.
It was like John had hit the crest of a wave and now he was coming down, the panic had reached an unpleasant peak and Sherlock had managed to bring John down off of it, and now he was just tired and feeling boneless in Sherlock’s arms. And they hadn’t even done anything yet, that was the bit that made John’s face heat up absolutely ashamed of himself. He was an army doctor after all, gone to war and seen the carnage and all that, and here he was falling apart over flying.
“You laugh now but you’ll see, dragons are inquisitive creatures, they like learning and seeing new things,” she scolded lightly, handing John a cup of caramel colored tea. “The big ones like yours get to go out and see the world all the time, but my Angus, his kind are short distance fliers at best, we don't go out of the Aerie much anymore so he gets to watch a lot of telly and reads in the library and visits with the big ones sometimes.” Mrs Hudson sat down at one of the chairs at the table instead of the squat grey one across from John with a violin and music stand hiding behind it.
Bellamy lifted into the sky in the smoothest take off John had ever experienced in his life. It was like his body had spent all its reserves of panic on the run up and now all he could be was speechless. His heart feeling like it was about to beat out of his chest was the only indicator that something was still amiss. Sherlock’s arms were still locked firmly around John’s middle, grounding him further as the wind whipped by and Bellamy’s wings beat to gain more altitude. John’s hands had found Sherlock’s arms and were gripping hard into Sherlock’s wool coat sleeves, the tension of fear was trying to make a comeback as John couldn’t help but look down and notice just how far up they’d risen.
John couldn’t stop the giggling that was beginning to turn towards manic. This was not something he was prepared for, he had watched people die today, he’d patched up gory wounds, and seen things most people only saw in nightmares, but this, this was something he had no coping mechanism for, this creature was projecting things into his brain!
“Not going to be sick,” John replied, only mildly offended that Sherlock would think now would be the time for John to let it happen rather than up in the air when his stomach had tried to live in his throat. But he couldn’t be too offended after all it did sound like there was some amount of concern there. “Just need to wash my face.” John added starting the trudge in the direction Sherlock had pointed in, towards the walls of the Aerie where a few buildings lined the base near the gate.
“How can you tell?” John asked, just going with it and trading food. What was in the box looked plenty appetizing enough, a simple carbonara with a chunk of bread on the side and a small cup of some sort of ham and bean soup tucked into the corner. Sherlock sniffed and opened his own revealing a much different item of food. His had been filled with stuffed shells, pasta, meat and cheese all swamped in bright red tomato sauce. His contained a slightly larger wedge of bread and the soup looked rather heavy too, if the bits of meat and vegetable pressed against the lid were any indicator.
“Watering the plants,” Sherlock replied, brandishing the spray nozzle in his hand hooked up to the drum behind him. John had obviously startled the other rider as much as Sherlock had him if the large blue eyes and raised eyebrows were any indicator. Sherlock hardly looked like he was about to go gardening in his usual black trousers sans black jacket and in a white button-up with the sleeves rolled to the elbows.
A primal sleepy part of John wanted to toss something at Sherlock and tell him to get out of his room, but John resisted, sighing and rubbing his eyes. “What time?” He grumbled.
“What on earth for?!” John asked, trying to think if he’d noticed anything out of place over the last day or two.
“John,” Sherlock brought John back to himself with a light shake of his hand. John let go immediately, realizing how much pressure he’d been putting on Sherlock’s fingers. Sherlock didn’t say anything else though, just set about unfastening John’s belt from his waist. Bellamy laid down while long arms wrapped around John again to grab for the belt buckle, pulling and unfastening it.
“There you go, we’ll get you fitting in in no time. Now, this issue with bonding, that needs to be dealt with. Can’t feel too great to you or him, being separated like you’ve been.” Lestrade thumped him lightly on the back again, pulling him back towards Hyperion on still shaky legs. The initial clamour of people around the crate had subsided to just handful of workers around the lone container. As soon as John was close to Hyperion’s outstretched head he reached for him, fighting the urge to just fling himself onto that warm snout, and placed a  hand firmly between the nostrils and rubbed. Hyperion’s golden eyes slitted open, staring lazily at John as he let out a sigh and very subtly pushed into John’s hand. John looked up at Lestrade, a twinge of concern flitting across his heart.
“Too late,” Sherlock chimed happily, as the lock clicked and the door swung open for him. “They haven’t changed the locks on these doors in years.”
John sat down, pulling the bag over and digging for utensils and happily finding two bottles of water stashed in the bottom. When he looked up Sherlock was sitting too, legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles, staring off into the distance in Bellamy’s direction. He tried to hand Sherlock one of the boxes of food when Sherlock finally spoke.
“As long as you don’t mind them knowing you’re mine,” John replied with a soft smile. Mine, how fast and easy that had come about, you are mine and I am yours, whatever we are to each other now. John still didn’t quite have a name for it in his mind, boyfriends didn’t sound right, they weren’t even lovers yet. Yet. Partner was the best he could think of, and really that’d do for now.  It didn’t feel like it mattered too much trying to name it, they lived together already, followed each other around almost everywhere, now they were growing more physically intimate.
“Why don’t you want to talk to them? A swath of people who are actually interested in what you have to say, right up your alley yeah?” John asked leaning against the table next to Sherlock’s elbow.
“Let’s make more,” John whispered and Sherlock’s reaction was instantaneous as appendages curled outwards and around John, hugging him even tighter to him with a sensual arch of his main body.
“I picked the lock,” he whispered as though there were others in the room who could hear his mind’s voice confessing not just John. “If they analyze the back door’s handle they’d find residue from me on it and inside the locking mechanism.”
Sherlock’s face formed a pout around the mouthful of soup he’d taken before he swallowed and the face remained. “Mrs Hudson forces me to dinner with her… Bell nags until I eat something,” he said, nodding towards the dragon, who was still watching them intently as they ate.
“I am well enough, considering she’s got me right against her breast,” Sherlock said, sounding irritated by his confined state. John wondered if maybe Sherlock was trapped in there.
She hesitated, and for a moment as he watched her eyes take him in, John worried she was either going to faint or run screaming for the police.
Moments later, after slipping into a worn grey shirt, Sherlock was indeed at his shoulder. “What on earth are you working on now?” He asked, as he usually did when he appeared there, sounding like he was annoyed by what John was doing to cover the curiosity that was actually there.
“I could give you a short tour,” he said, nodding at the room behind him. “And maybe a long nap is in order?” Sherlock added, giving John a sweet peck on the cheek.
“Dinner,” Sherlock groused, as though it pained him to admit that he would actually be eating too, not just watching John do it. This brought another laugh to John’s lips.
“Of course John, but for now sleep is in order, wouldn’t you agree?” He said a wide yawn garbling the words a bit.
“It wasn’t all just about falling off a roof and hiding for a couple years,” he continued, bringing his hand up to hold the back of John’s head, keeping his forehead pressed to one pale shoulder while he just breathed John in for a moment.
John crossed the hall and knocked on the door; a dangerous growl met him as he opened it. Inside, Bellamy sat curled in a tight silver ball in the middle of a large hole, the pit’s floor sporting a dusting of sand from its hasty excavation. Her scales undulated with every inhale, her breaths billowing out of her almost like a human on the verge of hyperventilating; on nearly every exhale that quiet whine John had heard outside escaped her open mouth. Her pupils were small slits, like Hyperion’s when he was scared, and they were focused right on the door where John stood.
“Oh, don’t tease,” John plead, his hips twitching up into the fist Sherlock still had closed around the base of his cock, while Sherlock sat up and oh so gently began circling one long fingertip around the corona, circling on and on and on. John heard a dark chuckle from Sherlock and felt it in his balls as Sherlock bent again to mouth at them, pinning John’s cock to his belly out of the way as he lipped the delicate skin of his sac.
John had trouble focusing on any one thing as he took in the sight. In the area beyond sat aquarium tanks, large ones, all emitting their calm blue light, all occupied and surrounded by scaffolding. In front of him on the ground, lay a pile of discarded black clothes and weapons. Near that on the floor lay a weakly twitching large silver fish, its mouth and gills flexing as it suffocated. Ascending one tank’s black metal scaffolding was one of Jim’s brutes, another large silver fish slung over his shoulder, John watched as he simply tossed the fish into the water. Jim herself was sitting near the base of one of the biggest tanks, Sebbie seated across from her, slowly peeling the scarf away from her bloodied face followed by her coat and shirt till she sat half nude before Jim.
When asked about it in the mornings, the various workers had no explanations and had found no leaks in the tanks that could have caused the puddles either.
That pronouncement gave John pause. He’d just been a fish for a day and it had seemed hellish. “What happened?” John asked quietly, slipping on a t-shirt. The clothes Mycroft had left weren’t remotely meant for going outside, more comfortable wear, pyjama trousers and t-shirts and a pair of crocs, loungewear at best.
“That’s not what it sound’s like,” John said, edging away from her fractionally as he looked back to her. She wasn’t in her second skin riding gear, but her casual wear wasn’t any less revealing as he got an eyeful of cleavage from her plunging neckline, a long necklace dipping down to accentuate with a small ruby. Everything relatively form-fitting even off duty.
“Sherlock Holmes!” Shouted a rather angry sounding woman in a tone that both made John want nothing to do with the situation currently and made him curious exactly how it was about to play out.
That day had been spent exploring Hyperion’s home, searching through cabinets and chests and inspecting the plant-surrounded sofa under the awning. The cabinets by the workbenches held loads of tools and parts that looked to John like they probably belonged to Hyperion’s harness. Another that he thought would only be a sort of wardrobe actually extended into the wall and was more of a shed, full of large, shiny and colorful dragon-sized toys. A massive golden ball a little taller than John and made of thick rubber took up a large portion of the space.
Then the deep cut across her face lit up like a lightening bolt, obscuring her face momentarily as the glow reached a blinding level. That was the one moment John looked away. When the flash of light died down and he looked again, there was only a jagged pale scar left on Sebbie’s face. The terrifying morphed features slowly started disappearing again, blond hair returned, nose shrank, teeth returned to pointed human rather than a maw of needle sharp death, and markings faded back to more normal human skin tones. And in moments the whole process was done, the book was closed and there sat Sebbie, a new silvery scar spanning the width of her face but otherwise good as new.
“Yes, no sudden movements,” he drawled quietly, turning his head just enough to look at John. As John approached, Bellamy’s eyes shifted to the bag in John’s hand and she let out a loud grumble, stopping him at the edge of her sand. Her paw turned over under Sherlock’s head and she dropped it to the sand, scooping both him and the sand he was lying on closer to her body. Sherlock huffed in indignation.
“Aaah, you’re the one that got carried in. Good to see you up and about. Follow me,” he said turning and walking off, obviously expecting the pair of them to follow his massive strides.
John was unceremoniously dumped in the water, liquid instantly flooding his open mouth. He coughed and sputtered, flailing at the surface trying to find an edge to cling to. A large hand met the top of his head and pushed him back under; the man was drowning him! John flailed, pushing against the restraining hand, reaching for enough air for even a small breath, but to no avail. He felt his limbs go tingly, then numb, and he sank like a stone, water filling his lungs. He saw grey and silver shapes float past and the muffled sound of a loud splash nearby. John shut his eyes and accepted his death, somewhat thankful he wouldn’t be alive to feel the shark’s teeth.
Sherlock let him go at the slight pull away and there they were again standing near each other, the conversation about Jim forgotten for now. If John didn’t know better he’d almost say he saw a little blushing on Sherlock’s face.
“I am merely a concerned family member who has seen close calls such as this,” he gestured at the large claw marks raked through a section of the roof where Bellamy had all but crawled over in an attempt to take the shortest route to Sherlock without going through the brick wall itself, “happen before, albeit on a much less… expensive scale.” His nose crinkled as he surveyed the damage.
Mrs Hudson came up the stairs a moment later. “John, this came for you,” she said, holding out a large envelope towards him.
And then there was a soft ‘oooh’ in the quiet space. John had thought he was alone, apparently not. He froze at the first noise and definitely heard another longer lower ‘oooooh’ to accompany the first one; and then John noticed the breathing, soft and panting, mixing with the sounds of a mouth on skin, all so quiet but absolutely deafening in the silence of the restroom where the only other sound to compete was the low burble of water from the pools. There were two others in the room and John was old and experienced enough to know what a blowjob sounded like.
John noticed the piercing blue eyes dart to his hand momentarily; he knew Sherlock was still waiting for John to haul off and deck him on some small level, but not here, so those eyes quickly rolled with a put upon huff before shaking John’s hand off and stepping closer.
“An experiment. Put it back.” Sherlock ordered, pointing at the cabinet from which she’d produced the jar. John saw the edge of a nicotine patch just under the sleeve of the outstretched arm, and John took that moment to step forward.
“We’re keepers. Not all dragons are big as houses, the little ones have their uses too.” Mrs Hudson said, not so surreptitiously sneaking a last bit of chicken to Angus under the table. John spotted an absolutely tiny dragon curled up in the arms of a large young man at another table towards the center of the room, looking a bit like an elephant holding a chihuahua in the coil of its trunk. John pointed it out to Mrs Hudson, who filled him in that that was a hatchling and that the young man was actually just an older-looking teenager apprenticing as a butcher. Mrs Hudson, it turned out, knew a vast amount of Aerie gossip.
“Fuck! You mad bastard! Land, for god’s sake, land!” He began to feel dizzy as the wind continued to rush in his ears, he couldn’t tell if he was about to be sick or faint or both. John closed his eyes to the distant city below, but unlike flying in a crate where that actually helped fractionally, the sheer sensory input of the wind buffeting him, the sounds, the smells, everything was ratcheted higher without the protective walls of a box.
“Sherlock, what about that egg, the one that was supposed to be Carl’s, What happened to it?” John asked keeping close to Sherlock’s side.
“This okay?” John asked, squeezing Sherlock’s gloved fingers gently. Sherlock’s face did something complicated, very suddenly becoming vulnerable, biting his lower lip as he looked at their joined hands. John would swear Sherlock almost looked worried.
The ones that managed to get close enough to be able to hear Sherlock talk were the best because usually whatever he had to say, no matter how full of snark and condescension, was fascinating. Sherlock really did get up to some incredible cases.
“Oh, but no manners at all,” she tisked. A hand lashed out and John felt dagger-like nails dig at his face as she smacked him, sending him reeling. Her hands had come out of her pockets and sure enough all ten digits were tipped with long black nails. In the next instant one of those pale clawed hands was stroking lightly through his hair. “I remember catching him, don’t remember you though,
“S’okay Hyperion, I’m fine, that was just a little much,” John mumbled, raising a hand to the snout in front of him. “I’m still learning about you lot, I’m sorry if I did something wrong.” Hyperion pressed at him a little more, the feeling of ‘sorry, I’m sorry,’ continuing under a little note to rest. John listened and simply leaned forward, laying his upper body over Hyperion’s nose, as much skin touching scales as there could be without John taking his clothes off and getting his feet involved. ‘This’ was the simple happy feeling that accompanied the motion; John was doing exactly what Hyperion had wanted, just contact. John was his family, his ‘colony’, if John was interpreting that right, on a basic level Hyperion just wanted a hug or a cuddle now and then. From what John gathered, while Victor had loved Hyperion he hadn’t been a very touchy-feely person with him. they’d had contact but not nearly as much as Hyperion needed, at least not recently.
John’s mind screamed suddenly, noticing that those long skinny arms weren’t around his waist anymore. He reached behind him frantically searching for Sherlock, unable to tear his eyes away from the reality that was a flight in progress. His hand landed on a thigh and gripped that, reassured in the fact that the rider was still with him and hadn’t somehow had a freak accident in the time since he had let go. A hand found his, prying his fingers off the soft tight skin-warmed leather and there was Sherlock pressed up against John’s back again.
“I hope so,” John said with a huff of a chuckle at Angus’ watchful display, before turning to go back into the sitting room.
Sholto had the other huge contingent in the Aerie, the military flights. Lestrade said the reason that area was so quiet was because of how many occupants were out at the wars. Most of the residents that were home had been injured and sent back, and were now waiting their turn to get called out, or were home for mating and nesting purposes. Which John had all sorts of questions about but decided against asking them; he’d learn about all of the nuances in due time.
“She’s Hyperion’s age?” John said happily, he had no idea how hatchings worked, but the closeness seemed like a good thing.
“Why didn’t you tell Lestrade then, get the permits and such?” No sooner than the question had been asked and he can feel the mental equivalent of an eye roll from Sherlock.
“If you don’t mind me asking, where did that phone come from?” John asked. Lestrade looked at him, as if he were surprised for John to ask him anything.
Sebbie did not take long to get up and retrieve her knife again. She began approaching John with the original intent to slice him open, revenge for the scar marring her face clear in her eyes.
“Shh, I’m going to be fine. I swear I’ll come back,” John said again, reaching out and stroking the upset dragon’s nose until the moaning stopped and Hyperion, finally understanding that John couldn’t stay with him, began to retreat, curling his neck around himself along with his tail and looking dejected.
“Morning, Sally,” he replied, blinking at her. “Any reason for the early visit?” he asked, Hyperion stirring behind him and beginning to uncurl as he woke.
Even with one ear and eye blocked he managed to spot Sherlock, he was still tightly wrapped in the netting, one of the shark men, pinning him so that he couldn’t struggle away, but he’d managed to clear his face so he could see and hear them talking. The net actually seemed to have helped in that respect, rough surface helping to rip away the slime.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a sigh. “The world is so much smaller from a dragon’s back,” he said dramatically, slouching back into his chair.
Hyperion’s large scaly nose butting into him lifted John’s mood almost straight away. It was hard to stay upset when Hyperion’s end of the bond surged with affection on contact. Mental scatterings of
“Best be off. Your lunch should be here soon, and your therapist should be around after dinner.” With that he said his farewells to Hyperion and clapped John on the shoulder before departing. He closed the huge doors as he left, the mechanism for moving them clanking away inside the walls.
Hyperion was dozing out in his pit curled up in his usual ball when John arrived. Not entirely asleep, so that when John gave the bond a gentle nudge Hyperion’s eyes opened. John knew the pit well enough that he could traverse it with the lights off, so blankets in hand he set about making a bed right next to Hyperion on his mat. Hyperion pushed sleepy happiness and contentment across the bond to him as John laid out blankets and his own pillow against the side of Hyperion’s paw.
They both drifted there, resting in the afterglow, until the small fish in the tank presented a problem. Well not a problem per say, they were just cleaning, pecking lightly at John’s belly and swarming around the area where he’d ejaculated. It was when a handful of them came for Sherlock’s softened penis still in its condom that they took offense to the cleaning and decided to move. Sherlock pulled the condom off and took it with them to the surface to discard.
Once the feeding was over Molly calmly approached with the water bowl and towels, and Luke didn’t appear to want to let go of the hatchling as Molly helped clean up the small mess from the shakey feeding.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to his room again, a long pause followed. “No,” he said quietly. John still smiled.
“I’m not supposed to do this probably, you know this won’t fill that big stomach of yours,” John tried to reason with the bright eyes and happy optimistic face and feelings staring at him, tongue flickering away between his lips. John couldn’t say no.
“Could you not tell the rest of the Aerie about this?” John asked quietly laying his head against smooth, warm, scales.
“God I missed you,” he chuckled up at the giant sandy head craned over him. After the initial rush had passed he could feel a small dart of concern running across his mind from Hyperion as the dragon came to his side and tried to push his nose under John’s bad shoulder and sling. John groaned at the motion, batting weakly at the beast’s nose.
“You do not apologize for that,” Sherlock replied with a tone that brooked no arguments. “I’m sorry you were put through that, that I drove you away from the flat at all,” he added, much softer.
!” she shouted at him angrily before she stepped back and her demeanor seemed to smooth over again in an instant. Sherlock immediately curled in on himself gasping for air at the swift kick just above his groin. “Now where were we? Ah, who the other fish is. Who is he then, Sherlock, your little friend here?”
“John, please, and yes, tea would be wonderful, thank you,” John replied returning to the living room just as he saw Sally lugging his last box up the stairs. She came back before Mrs Hudson did.
“Once, yes. I’ve been using nicotine patches for the last year or two. It’s a little hard to stick a patch to a fish though.” He sighed at that. “Ever since this hell started I’ve been wanting a smoke, but Mycroft will not give me anything including the patches, and technically it’s illegal to smoke indoors, one of those law things.” Sherlock sneered, scowling at the unicornfish still floating next to him, the fish choosing that moment to go darting away.
“I’d like to get to know you more, as you, not the holy terror you seem to present to everyone,” John went on. Sherlock was giving him a wary look, as though John’s olive branch offering of friendship was too friendly for a day or two’s acquaintance. Or perhaps he worried that having witnessed his stroppiness that morning might put John off. In bits and pieces John was starting to see little flickers of what he could only guess was Sherlock when he was at home: not an aloof moody ass, but a person with carefully hidden vulnerabilities.
“Greg, I’m going to have to call you back!” John yelled fearfully as Bellamy roughly slung him back over her shoulder, getting him draped over the front of the saddle. She turned and with him still inelegantly sprawled across her neck moved towards the center of her pit. She let out a savage snarl down at him.
“No, Hyperion’s got some rehab to go through, but we have gotten back dragons with worse injuries than him and kept them. Yes, we do have transfers, but usually they are of their own volition.” He shot a quick glare at Sherlock over his shoulder before returning focus to the wide empty hall.
Large hands pressed John back down into the glass of the fish tank as he continued to jut out spines and spikes of himself to fend off the man. The medical bag prevented him from actually doing any damage to him though, containing his flailing as it was meant to do with a possible patient.
“She’s gentle as a lamb; since she hatched Melinda’s never bitten anything other than her dinner. She’s just the resident boogeyman for the nestlings because they’re not allowed to deal with her until they’ve been at the Aerie for a while, This lot gets to meet her in the next few days,” she explained, nodding towards the kids, who had picked up their pace and were following even closer now that the adults were talking again.
John finally emptied his duffle and looked at the final piece he’d need to hide, his gun. He’d smuggled the Browning home hidden amongst his clothes and things and had not thought about it the entire time he’d been in the Aerie. There was no evidence that anything would happen to him within the Aerie’s walls that would even begin to warrant the keeping of the gun. He’d felt perfectly safe beside Hyperion, and yet John felt he needed it around now that his dragon was out of sight. He shoved it into the bottom drawer of the bedside table and covered it with an old shirt.
Sherlock attempted to wipe the slime off of his hands before reaching for his phone. “Dimmock, we found the woman’s suitcase, it will be at the Aerie if you want it,” he said shortly then quickly hung up, dialing another number, still scanning the scene as it rang.
“Fine,” John said before Sherlock had time to open his mouth and say anything else possibly inflammatory. “Come on, Sherlock,” John said, like the rider had done to him so many times over the past months, and walked out the door.
Sherlock appeared shaken by the small comment. John could have sworn he saw Sherlock’s face actually pale the moment he heard Sally’s remark. However, a huff and a straightening of his spine whisked the crack in his normally aloof armor away, and John was left with a slightly more rigid Sherlock in the saddle once more. To John, he looked like he was overcompensating even, like a dressage rider on show being judged. He’d seen the face, he knew a little about Sherlock’s past at least with Victor. If Sherlock was feeling up to confiding in him later, John would welcome it.
“Within the next week,” Sherlock replied. “She is stunning,” he added, making John look up at him. There was a fond smile on his face, a nice genuine one; John loved seeing Sherlock smile, the man didn’t do it nearly enough. Sherlock seemed to notice John staring and rather than continue their chat, dove off Hyperion and took off like a fish to water towards Bellamy.
John looked at the detective still slumped against him in his lap and sighed. Anything to get Sherlock to a safer location. John carefully maneuvered Sherlock up to leaning against the counter and got him onto his shoulders in a fireman’s lift, not even close to dignified for the poor unconscious Sherlock but the easiest way for John to carry the long-limbed lanky man back through the aquarium.
“Sebbie dear, I need you to carry the other one for me,” Jim said, once the other woman had finished buttoning up her coat again. Sebbie looked down at Jim, the coldness in her eyes melting somewhat.
John turned his head to see that the soft thing they were lying on was a blue mat and beyond the edge of it was a small pile of condoms, John laughed at the sight, turning into a small moan as Sherlock reached his chest and decided to run the broad flat of his tongue over a nipple. “You’ve put some thought into this,” John chuckled looking down at the black fluff of hair working over his chest.
“I’m serious, Sherlock, there’s already loads of videos out there online, you’ve made the news a couple times already, and we’re lucky that it has been in a somewhat decent light. But it only takes one slip-up.” Lestrade waved his finger in Sherlock’s face, trying to get the rider to focus and pay attention to what he was saying as John watched Sherlock’s gaze drift off elsewhere. “You read the papers. You can’t have missed the stories. Do you really want to be the reason Aeries in this region get shoved backwards into the dark ages? Doubt Bellamy would be so happy about being chained up and muzzled all because you two couldn’t obey orders and something happened.” Lestrade wasn’t shouting anymore but his voice still carried across his extreme agitation with Sherlock’s flippant attitude.
“How many cases has Sherlock solved? What kinds of things does he work on? I’ve got an co-worker I think might be stealing...”
Even wet the old scale was still fairly rigid and John marveled for a moment at what Hyperion’s shed skin actually looked like. He’d never seen a dragon shed, didn’t even really know much about how it was done, but just seeing the clear piece of skin in his hand was fascinating.
The moment he got to his feet and began to break through the dried bushes running back towards his camp, a tremor shook the ground followed by more angry hissing and clipped painful screeches. Giant leathery wings were out and flailing, limbs scrambling and kicking up loads of debris as Hyperion attempted to right himself and only really managing to grind the wound into the dirt even more.
“Molly, did you see where Sherlock went?” he asked, poking his head into her office just inside the doors. She was sitting behind a computer typing away, looking up at John’s question.
“The classes we sit in constantly beg to differ, or do you honestly think all of those children are born from riders and keepers?”
“Precisely,” Sherlock said, with a wide grin that made little crow's feet appear at the corners of his eyes, a true smile at the fact John followed and was interested. “He said he had a sponsor of some kind, someone who was providing the pills and paying him extra for every smuggler he killed on top of the eggs.”
Sherlock let off a tired mental groan however, squeezing John a little harder with a gentle scrub of his skin and a light shiver. “Not yet,” John heard the tiny tired plea from Sherlock’s side and pulled the images away, understanding that even though Sherlock found them arousing he wanted a rest.
Then Sally rounded the corner. “You’re disgusting you know that?” she said, glancing back at the kitchen before following the other two down, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the quiet flat.
,” John sang quietly looking up at the snow accumulating on the large wreaths that flanked each side of the massive doorway.
John could almost see those light colored eyes roll from all the way on the ground, “So good of you to state the obvious, John!” Sherlock called back, crawling up and turning to sit in the gap between Bellamy’s horns. She brought herself back down to all fours once he was settled there.
John finally sat up, divesting himself of Sherlock’s octopus grip, the room tipping and wobbling as he did so, and grabbed for Sherlock’s arm. The wretched little thing had to die. He ripped it off and pressed all the buttons until it shut up, at which point he threw the silenced bastard into the stingray pool where it floated down to the bottom and was promptly covered by a stingray and some sand.
He shifted his legs, wobbly as they were from Sherlock’s attentions, till he knelt front of Sherlock, kissing him hard and deep until Sherlock himself was laying down on the mat, John balanced over him on hands and knees. Sherlock’s newly hardened cock poked up into John’s belly after the thorough snogging. He rutted against Sherlock for a moment or two till he had him good and panting as well.
John slowly started to reach for his pack; the moment twigs snapped under his weight Hyperion’s head snapped up, that golden gaze returning along with a deep growl. John decided to take the risk, heart pounding in his chest and adrenaline pumping as he continued to reach for the med kit. He shuffled across the sand, gravel and twigs to get it, all the while with the eyes of the beast upon him. The moment he grabbed the pack the dragon moved. His long body uncoiled from around his dead rider and thundered towards John, an explosive hiss startling John into scrambling for his life, attempting to get to his feet and at least attempt to outrun the angered creature.
Sally gave a grudging sigh next to him, rubbing the space between her eyes as though she had a headache. “I don’t like that he’s right, but he’s right, Dimmock, we don’t really have time for official rules and regulations right now, we’re on a time limit. If he needs to run some tests, let him run the tests, we’ll figure out the paperwork after we find the woman and whatever bomb there might be,” she said, looking at John.
“Stupid disobedient prick,” Jim grumbled, turning around and handing the book back to ‘Sebbie’, leaving the discarded clothes by the water. She crouched down next to Sherlock and lifted his head up by his hair with a small curious hum letting it flop back after a moment. “You, pick him up,” she ordered at the remaining shark man, who was still glancing nervously at the water to which his comrade had been returned. He scrambled to meet her orders instantly, hefting Sherlock’s limp body up off the ground easily and slinging him net and all over his shoulder. John was thankful that Sherlock’s head didn’t leave the concrete with a bloody patch.
They were met at the gift shop by one of the McDonald’s employees holding a tray with a couple bags of food. She had a nervous smile on for them, her eyes darting to their necks first, seeing that their gills weren’t covered.
“Hyperion, please don’t think about shedding for now,” he pleaded sleepily, feeling the neck behind him shift as the dragon huffed a laughing sigh. Hyperion, thankfully, moved on to other feelings revolving around home, and lulled himself and John into the first peaceful sleep either of them had had in weeks.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” He said, then there was contact. His slightly calloused palm met smooth hot scales, and there was a hiss right in his ear. He looked and there were teeth, a slightly open mouth full of them, and a snout a little over half his height. Hyperion had shifted around; if he wanted to he could take John right there and chew him into a bloody pulp. John put his other hand up and placed it gently between the dragon’s nostrils.
Then it clicked: the fact that Sherlock wouldn’t say Victor’s name, that he insisted that John stay away from his room, his attitude when John touched him. Hyperion was awake on the other end of the bond, his mind watching John’s emotions shift, seemingly ready to push a blanket of calm comfort onto John should the situation need it.
“Some months ago my brother disappeared from this aquarium. His attacker was never found but it is assumed that they were… fish-napping, as it were, when he discovered their operations and pursued them.”
The dragon in the picture did look a lot like Hyperion once John got past the radically different coloring. The crown of horns on the back of his head had differences: example pictures of other Lesser Ridgebacks had an outwards curve to them, whereas Hyperion’s stuck out as straight from his head as arrows. He did have the small ridge of saw-toothed spikes that the book said his breed was named for, nonexistent in the shoulders but very prominent along the rump and midway down his tail. Hyperion’s tail was longer than the depicted ones, too; little things made him unique, most likely from his breeding.
“Not as much as you, no.” Sherlock replied just as quietly, nose brushing the back of John’s neck as he nuzzled infinitesimally closer.
Sherlock didn’t seem to know what to say to that for a moment he glanced away then his eyes came back, “They are not ‘friends’, acquaintances maybe, colleagues...” he drifted off. John was suddenly pushed by Bellamy from behind, she shifted her forelegs moving the sand and the pair of them between closer together till they were right next to each other, sand piled up around their waists. Sherlock looked to John and up to Bellamy, eyebrows raised, when he lowered his gaze again his mouth tried to goldfish out some words but nothing came for a second. “I guess I have you, though,” he finally managed, blue eyes still flicking up to Bellamy.
“He said it was called a Devon White-Eye,” John said, hoping that was useful information while Molly set about unwrapping the poor thing.
A flutter of joy mixed with apprehension at the news and John could clearly see why. The joy was for the happiness of his rider, that John would have a mate, one that he really truly wanted. The wariness was from past experience, Hyperion knew Sherlock and Victor had once mated in a way and he remembered the flashes of anger from Victor about Sherlock, maybe Sherlock would be a bad choice for a mate. As much as John wanted him, was the want worth the risked anguish for his rider? John thought yes, for all of Sherlock’s quirks and infuriating habits he couldn’t see himself without him even after only a couple months together. He could never see himself treating Sherlock how Victor had apparently done and so Hyperion’s fears of the past repeating itself were nil. And he reassured him of that,
“Oh, he seems fine too, nothing bleeding or broken,” John reported; if Sherlock was sporting anything worse than the scratches from the night before John hadn’t seen them, or Sherlock had been very good about hiding them.
“Its a serial killer and they’ve made a big mistake this time!” Sherlock was off and heading down the stairs, John trying to follow as fast as he could on his bad leg.
That Sherlock would actually let the color disappear so soon after they’d been in contact so intimately was not a good sign. Usually Sherlock would actively carry John’s stains with him for as long as possible, like a badge of pride. John had even once heard Sherlock think, ‘these are my mate’s stains, I have a mate! Me!’ when he caught a human sat next to him on the tube curiously staring at the orange blotches on his skin. Sherlock had caught himself and quickly closed the mental door to those thoughts with an embarrassed feeling that made John chuckle at him and squish a little closer to his side in affection.
“A bomb!” John hadn’t thought about that. He had heard of threats of explosives in peoples mail, of course, that sort of thing always made the news. But the idea of getting a bomb on that scale right in the middle of the Aerie was a frightening thought.
“So I’ve been told, both Mary and Molly have said so,” John replied, looking over at his dragon, who had re-settled onto his mat and lay with his head stretched out near one of his newest bushy additions, a blue hydrangea.
Hyperion let out a noise that could only be described as laughter. His side bounced against John’s back as the mouth, settled on the sand before him, opened and small rapid puffs of hot air hissed forth along with a guttural little ‘huh-huh-huh’ sort of sound. The huge dragon was laughing at him, projecting even stronger waves of happiness to him. A long black forked tongue flicked from that open mouth as the laughter receded. John had just enough time to realize it was black before the massive forked appendage licked him, the forks splitting into the sand on either side of him and the body of the tongue sweeping up his entire torso. John felt thankful that dragons did not seem to drool, or at least this one didn’t, because that tongue felt so much hotter to the touch than the exterior scales: any liquid in that mouth would have been near scalding. John laughed at the playful gesture.
“You, at some point, decided to bury your face in my clothes,” John said, rapidly losing his battle and letting the smile grow on his face.
Suddenly a wall of bubbles crashed around them and John was looking up into a massive cast net, the weighted edges of which were quickly falling around them, forming a giant transparent dome like a jellyfish’s bell with Sherlock at its center. The net’s edges abruptly drew inwards and before Sherlock could turn and swim down towards John he was caught and hauled upwards by the sturdy nylon netting. John tried to grab at him, tried to catch the net and pull it back, but the person on the other end was stronger out of the water than John was under it.
“You’re not an Atlantic Bluefin, which is what I turn into every night. You have different markings.” The Detective scampered off to find the nearest accessible computer, and moments later John found him clicking his way through a fish database.
The full set of claws suddenly were tracing down, scratching over John’s pectorals, clipping a nipple in their path on their way down his belly. Like a snake striking, those fingers darted for his most sensitive bits and found John’s bollocks. Nails dug into the tender flesh of his scrotum and John couldn’t begin to suppress the surprised and pained yelp that escaped his throat even as she tugged his balls in a cage-like grasp. “Maybe something more
“I happened to be working on some paperwork here last night. The only reason I knew he was here was because he tripped over Cherie.” He sighed as he began packing up the paperwork spread across the desk. “Look, all I can recommend is to go home, wash off, and get some lunch. We’ll track down Sherlock if we need him, but you’re still kind of getting settled here. Relax for a while; running around with Sherlock is about the last thing you or Hyperion need.”
“Oof, Sherlock, you’re not light,” John grunted, trying to retrieve his own hand from Sherlock’s underwear.
“Sherlock,” John called in warning, as Sherlock looked down at the lone shoe and crouched down next to it, “remember, bombs involved, police are supposed to be here.” He kept his distance near the door, glancing out at the sand nervously, expecting for a police officer to come around the corner any moment. The warning did nothing to stop Sherlock from hovering around the shoe curiously, thankfully not touching it, but still getting as close as possible to it with his face and his pocket magnifier. Overall giving the shoe infinitely more attention than a single shoe probably had ever gotten outside of its maker’s hands.
“Bored, something new,” Sherlock mumbled. When his eyes finally met John’s again they quickly veered away. “I didn’t steal anything,” he said a bit louder.
Sherlock was beginning to pant, feeling sweat begin to bead on his forehead, when John began to pull at his hip with one hand, “Come on, up on your knees, Sherlock.” Sherlock drew his knees up under his body, presenting his cock and bollocks to John again as well. Cool lubed fingers carefully probed at Sherlock’s crack and pressed at his perineum. Small tendrils of pleasure were curling up Sherlock’s spine at the contact; but were muted as he tried to repeat,
“More, Sherlock, more,” John panted, hips moving to meet those talented fingers, with a slightly frustrated groan as those fingers slid away.
He heard a splash, like a large object being dropped into a pool. That made John start moving towards the voices, and now the splash, remembering what Jim had said about fixing the curse on Sherlock and making him a full-time tuna.
Sherlock remained quiet for some time after they left, allowing John to finish his lunch. John noticed the detective seemed to have zoned out, fingers not moving on the phone in his hand, spoon stopped with a bite of food resting on his plate.
John’s mind drifted to something less tangible. If only there were a case. A proper one, something that got Sherlock out and running around and grabbed his attention. For a brief second John secretly wished that the bomber from months ago would pop up again, there’d never been a conclusion to that mystery, only a postponement with the rescue of a victim.
Sherlock gracefully stretched himself lengthwise along his bed. He bowed his back, flexed and curled long toes, arched his neck, displaying as much of himself for John as possible. He was stripped nude at John’s request, and was waiting for him to act.
John moved upwards and nipped at his neck with his teeth, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s sides as he whispered, “Fuck, you’re gorgeous,” directly in his ear, and sucked on the tender skin just below it, “Scars. And. All.” John said, punctuating each word with a kiss along the long pale neck stretched out before him. He was rutting slowly against Sherlock’s bare arse, Sherlock feeling a small damp spot where John’s clothed dickhead sat. Sherlock wanted to reach back and pull the irritating pants down so John’s cock could slide between his buttocks properly, but he couldn’t.
The bond held strong as Sally drove slowly down the hall. The Aerie was as busy as it always seemed, a dragon being led out of its pit, a couple of feeders going by with their carts, others driving little golf carts or using bikes bound for farther distances across the Aerie, or simply walking. They quickly passed the public baths in the middle of the hall; John had used these a few times during the bonding process, since any farther than that would strain the bond. The midway point crossed, the rest of the pits along the hall passed quickly and they exited through a smaller set of gates at the other end. A short hallway connected to a whole new part of the Aerie John had never seen. A stretch of seemingly normal London road crossed in front of them; if the ground had been paved and the high walls had not been visible beyond the rooftops, he would have thought they’d left the Aerie entirely. But on either side rose flats, multistory buildings that looked like they’d be right at home lining any street outside the Aerie. A few people walked on the sidewalks like normal city folk would do; it looked as though John had been dropped into a quiet street. Some of the houses sported personal touches: flower boxes along windows, different colored doors, small things that added to the mundanity of the street. Sally turned and slowly drove up the road to the right and parked in front of an average-looking place with a black door sporting the letters ‘221b’. The ground floor was white with black fencing outside the first floor windows. The drapes were shut up as if no one lived there.
“Oh. Well, if you would just come with me, sir, I’ll help you get settled, and hopefully, allay you of your flying fears a bit.” He put his arm lightly around John’s shoulders and led him towards the suddenly terrifying box. He helped John climb shakily into the padding and followed him, keeping away from Hyperion who had turned his head to watch the proceedings with one golden eye.
“I don’t really care where as long as he doesn’t get free again. Stuff him in a drum, leave him in the boot, shut him up in a box for all I care,” she said with an exasperated tone as though she was having to tell these men how to do their own jobs.
) And ‘the shark and seal have been taken care of’ which John had to guess was meant to be reassuring.
John could only imagine what was going on between them, a glance over at Sherlock told him that he had donned the same huffy face he wore when John told him he couldn’t use the good blender to create a mixture containing draconic saliva and dirt, among other things, to use for a test on plant growth rates.
“Precisely, I had Bellamy helping with lines. It was a rather impromptu decision on my part. He’d been honing his stabbing techniques on a homeless man of roughly the same build as his would-be lover near the theater. The victim had died after the first few strikes, had been moved, and then stabbed a number of times post mortem, apparently they got a taste for the feeling of a knife going through something. Personally I would have suggested a pig carcass to vent frustrations on, but unhinged people of that caliber are rarely open to suggestion.” Sherlock was just talking now, John standing as a comfortable thing to hold, he assumed. He wouldn’t complain, he liked the feeling of Sherlock’s chin on his head and the feeling of his voice sinking through his back. Sherlock was just barely rocking the both of them side to side as he spoke, it was a little hypnotic, something John felt he could definitely get used to if Sherlock wanted to do more of whatever this was they were sharing.
John was finally alone with Hyperion. His leg still feeling strange, he hobbled around the large mat and Hyperion’s neck and head, finding his nose where it had been wedged between the mat and the floor with his eyes closed. John chuckled.
“Of course I do,” Sherlock grumbled indignantly, a small scowl growing on his face, “I’ve had her for a long time, I’ll have you remember.”
“I would not compare what he and I had to the others,” Sherlock said quietly, staring at the side of John’s chair, eyes focused just below his elbow on the armrest rather than on John himself. He went silent for a moment after saying that.
“No, I-” Sherlock cut himself off, pressing his lips into a thin line, his gaze searched away from John looking down at the snow covered roof instead.
John did as he was told right away, pulling his phone and dialing the Master. The voice who answered sounded haggard and rushed.
“Yes.” He noted a very faint grim note to that yes, as if this being a permanent thing could be anything but good. His eyebrows scrunched.
In the back of his mind it was just fueling the whatever-it-was thing he had for Sherlock, the part of him that wanted to run after him all the time, that found every single one of his cases endlessly fascinating, and also wanted to have him on his knees in front of him (or maybe the other way around), wanted to bend him over the kitchen table, wanted to run his hands all over his long naked body, and wanted to crawl onto the sofa with him, and be held or hold him, or whatever happened between them. The not-good part that wanted someone who probably didn’t want him back did or didn’t need John in return.
The landing field was already much quieter than it had been when they’d left it. A few dragons were still flying in and having their parcels and harnesses removed under the heaters, but otherwise it was the calmest John had seen it in a while. The last glow of sunset had gone and all the light that remained were the ones on the field guiding riders home, and the soft glow of the many strings of large Christmas lights that adorned the walls. If it weren’t for the remaining noise of the crews taking off gear, now and then shouting orders and instructions to each other, it would have been lovely to take a stroll around the field by fairy light.
John was startled from his quiet reverie by Sherlock’s bedroom door banging open and the man himself bustling out, dressed in very basic, sleek-looking, rider’s gear and a long coat. John was momentarily struck dumb by the attractive sight of him clad all in black, riding boots molded to his long calves, and trousers hugging the curve of his arse, with a sturdy-looking belt secured around his waist, steel hoops hanging from it. Even the waistcoat he wore over a white button up was black, and very form-fitting. Apparently Irene wasn’t the only rider who prefered a more eye-catching riding wardrobe. The long large-pocketed coat he wore sported the only color to the ensemble, a little red buttonhole high on the collar. As Sherlock rushed about the flat he added to it a blue scarf, wrapped around his long neck. He stopped in the kitchen doorway as he slipped on a pair of black leather gloves, John, watching as Sherlock hurried around muttering and scooping things into his pockets, felt his tongue dart out to moisten lips gone suddenly dry.
“You’re coming with us!” the sharky face growled at him. John continued to fight and struck out, a fist connecting hard with the broad nose in front of him. The man dropped John instantly. Crying out in pain, hands going to his face; the one punch had been enough to bloody the man’s nose.
That was all he could really do. If Sherlock didn’t want to talk, he wouldn’t, and John wasn’t about to push him for the likely unhappy details. He’d let Sherlock come to him if he wanted to, and that was that.
“Well he’s landed now, come on John.” John looked up to see Sherlock pulling at Hyperion’s claw a bit. John took one more deep breath and figured he would need to get up eventually, they couldn’t sit on the edge of the field forever. John just hoped that none of the crew saw the embarrassing spectacle of him cowering under Hyperion’s paw.
“She wrote ‘rache’ on the floor, German for revenge, could mean something,” Dimmock said from the doorway. Sherlock was going through her pockets, when he arrived. “She had her wallet on her, no ID, but the credit cards are all under the name Jennifer Wilson--”
John was still absentmindedly stroking along Bellamy’s smooth scales as he contacted Hyperion with the bond when he felt something being cinched around his waist. Sherlock stood pulling a belt similar to his own onto John, metal rings clanging while he adjusted it and brought the buckle around front.
“I know I’m not really a writer but now I’ve got this blog business sorted I’ll give it a try. Hello, I’m alive, and back in London. Well, just west of it at least. I’m living at the Aerie now. I have a flatmate named Sherlock, he has a blog too, and you wouldn’t believe how I ended up here...” He’d started small and conversational, adding a link to Sherlock’s website and then going from there. He didn’t over share, unsure of how much he should reveal about living inside the Aerie or how much of Aerie culture would be taboo to share with outsiders.
“We’ll see about that,” John mumbled, brushing past and following the others into the helicopter. The man he plopped down next to looked to Mycroft with a questioning face as John simply started buckling himself in.
“Making today more enjoyable than it should have been,” John said awkwardly trying to put into words what was swelling in his heart at that very second, it was a bit of an overwhelming emotion that had bubbled up rapidly and needed to escape, to be expressed. A hug seemed the only appropriate way to do it and it needed to be done right that moment while they were still in the privacy of Bellamy’s pit.
“Imagining you as a blotling,” John admitted whole form scrunching again as he sidled up next to Sherlock at the sink.
John leaned against Hyperion’s cheek, laying the phone down on the mat. He breathed out a large sigh as he pressed his cheek into what John realized now was the warmth unique to Hyperion, that helped warm him through and felt like home. “Today’s been a long day, Hyperion,” John said again tiredly, as his stomach decided to grumble for food. Now that Lestrade mentioned it, he hadn’t had anything to eat for dinner since the texts from Sherlock had interrupted any plans.
“There are breeding programs for dragons? Like they have in zoos for tigers and rhinos?” John asked, moving back to rub down hind legs and toes while Molly continued her checks.
“No,” John replied quickly, seeing Sherlock’s face rapidly start to fall, “No, nothing wrong, just a bit… unexpected is all,” John said finally kneeling and joining Sherlock on the blanket, sitting on the vacant cushion.
“Yes sir,” John replied, watching the dragon lie with his head on cool stone while the crowd around him slowly cleared.
Anything more said between the pair of riders was lost for John as the two gained more distance and Hyperion remained where he’d been left. He simply sat down after a moment, leaving John to reposition himself a bit so as not to slide backwards down the slope of Hyperion’s spine. With a flash of color and serpentine twist Melinda suddenly was airborne, closely followed by Bellamy in a stunning flash of silver wings and a crouch she flung herself skywards as well. John felt the distant burst of air as her wingbeats lifted her greater bulk.
“You did not own a pair of appropriate swimwear. I wanted to take Bellamy out swimming today. I went out to the Aerie Exchange and bought a pair for you last night, deduced your measurements, they were easy enough.” Sherlock said succinctly, tossing his used towel at the bin for cleaning.
As John crept towards the noise he nearly stumbled across a handful of knocked out people along the way, all dressed and wrapped to the nines in scarves and hats and such. John wasn’t going to take the time to unwrap them, but it was a safe bet that under it all they had gills and markings and sharp teeth and belonged to Jim. Another large splash made him pick up the pace a bit.
“I’m trying Paul, I don’t want to hit you with this shit,” Billy snapped at him brandishing the little syringe, now loaded and ready.
“Why do we need a car?” John asked still stroking the head in his lap, keeping it off the cool concrete.
They entered the stingray room, a wide open pool where, during the day, children could get up close and sometimes touch the medium sized, flat, shark relatives. Sherlock chuckled and laid himself out over the large faux rock that made up the back wall of the tank, where a short waterfall stirred the waters. “John, look at these.” Sherlock said, shimmying a little further onto the rock on his belly, to the point that John swayed after him and grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s waist to keep the enchanted drunk from falling headfirst into a tank load of stingrays.
“Sherlock, come out of there,” John called, knocking on his door. “Please?” He could hear Sherlock shuffling around.
“Y-Yes?” John glanced back at Sherlock’s rapidly retreating form before facing her as she stepped in close, her high heels making her seem to tower over him.
Breakfast was a sluggish affair; he took a few more moments of peaceful drowsiness before he finally got up and unpacked the food. He sat in the curl of his still sleeping dragon to eat his breakfast of steak omelette, bacon, hash, and toast with jam. John wished he’d been coherent enough to ask the attendant about coffee, but the orange juice in the canister would do just fine. The repeated reminders to relax and bond echoed in his head; he didn’t need the caffeine boost anyway.
“I’d argue otherwise, but that’s not the question. I’ve got a person who wants to know how they can be a
John’s brain screamed before he could embarrass himself any further and accidentally open a floodgate maybe best not opened yet.
“I’m going to see Bell,” Sherlock said reading John’s mind yet again. “Should be back before dinner.” he added, holding John’s gaze a moment longer before finally turning and slipping out the door.
“Oh, sorry Hyperion,” Tom said, hurrying around to the sides of the cart to the clasps for the covering.
He learned that she and a couple of other nestlings lived with a keeper by the name of Mrs Turner, who sounded a bit like Mrs Hudson. Mrs Turner’s dragon was apparently a short, fat, swampy green piebald dragon with one light blue eye and a white blotch that looked like a bunny if you squinted hard at it, it liked to sleep on Mary’s feet at night ‘cause her feet got cold and the other children’s didn’t. John had actually wondered where the nestlings all lived, considering nearly every time he’d seen them they were being herded along in a large group like little blue-clad sheep.
“Making me work now?” Sherlock asked, all in good humor. He sat back and impaled himself on John’s penis, sinking with a long, satisfied moan.
“You’ve also got a little cubby here with some food you can eat during the flight; and if you feel like you are going to be sick, there are vomit bags in here too, but we hope you won’t have to use them,” he said cheerily, pulling the items out of the small cubby hole for him to see: a few packs of snacks and water as well as the paper sick bags.
“They’re extremely well-protected: whole smuggling operations have been found dead in the forests after trying to capture them or their eggs. The ones foolish enough to try and end up caught by rangers or locals suffer stiff penalties. As far as I’m aware there are none outside of Panama and its islands.”
“Are the eggs okay?” John asked quickly. He remembered the state of the little one from the emergency bonding earlier, and he wouldn’t wish that on any dragon.
“Got a bit stuck in your head huh?” John asked softly, bringing a hand up to Sherlock’s face, seeing the slight panic in those blue eyes as they locked onto John’s. "I can help with that,” John said huskily into Sherlock’s ear.
True to Mary and Molly’s words, Hyperion began to turn a little more ashen in color. John noticed that night while he and Sherlock ate dinner in Hyperion’s pit.
“Here’s your lunch, sir,” he said, pushing the box a little closer for John to reach before he backed off, glancing at Hyperion as if to make sure the dragon was not lurking over his shoulder. John’s stomach gave a small gurgle at the prospect of lunch.
Inside the floor was covered in eggs of varying size, most of them very small but at least a few were larger like the one John had dealt with that morning. They were wrapped in all manner of bedsheets with what John recognized as heat packs piled around them. A couple had slits in them and were beginning to leak yellowish contents into their bedding. Another had a tiny grey scaley nose poking out of it. One of the larger ones white skin was splattered with dried yellow gunk;
“Speaking of baths, I’m sure Dr. Hooper’s gonna want to get him one soon,” she said after a short period of silence.
“Yes, a dragon crashed in the landing court with you in his paw; you were bleeding pretty badly, going into shock, it was a miracle you survived the flight really.” Helen told him, marking a couple things on his chart with a pen and then putting it down to come around to the side of the bed with the IV.
“Our manager told us to bring you your food tonight, if, if you want something else, er, I can go get it for you, it’s just the regulars said you order just about the same thing every night.” She stopped talking, seeming to notice she was starting to ramble. John gave her a smile.
The loud click of a gun accompanied by harsh words in a foreign tongue stopped any response John had for Victor. He turned to see a man, waist deep in the brush, with his face covered, pointing a pistol at the pair of them. John slowly raised his hands up in the international sign for surrender.
John could almost watch Sherlock’s eyes glow with excitement and it suddenly clicked why: this was his first case, an unsolved mystery that nobody believed existed to begin with, that only Sherlock knew about it. The thrill of sounding it out and finding he hadn’t just been an obnoxious little boy, Sherlock had been right all along. How good that must have felt to know for certain, to finally have solved it, at least to some degree, all these decades later.
“He’s a little… intense, for half past one in the morning,” John murmured, trying to keep his voice down in case the man in the other room might be eavesdropping.
After floating by a few times trying to read the news, Sherlock darted to John, fin flicking a short message,
“How do you know she’s from an Aerie? She looks like your average Jane on the street,” The question spurred Sherlock on, out of his momentary stunned silence appearing to process that John had just complimented him. A blink and he was talking again.
The intruder turned out to be a diver, armed with a sponge and scrubber. Even though the threat identified as harmless John still stuck close to Sherlock’s side and kept an eye out for others. John watched as the person cleaned the inside of the windows and then, once finished, they reached down and gave one of the nurse sharks on the floor a pet. On their way up though, the diver changed direction, coming towards Sherlock. John lunged in between the two and the diver let loose some bubbles before reaching out to pet John, who promptly swam away, attempting to smack the diver’s hand with his tail and failing.
“Oh and there’s a little bathroom in the back there if you need to go, and if you would like the lights off for any reason the switch is here next to the radio,” he added, pointing to a little box shaped stall at the far end of the crate and then demonstrating the lights.
“You know her, she’s seen you for the last, er,” He looked to Molly, who quickly held up eight fingers for him. “Eight years! You must know she won’t hurt you,” John told him, using the same easy tone he had used with frightened patients. “I’ll watch her for you; I know what she’s doing. I promise she won’t do anything bad.” Hyperion was focusing more on him now, leaning minutely closer. “Come down and Molly can help fix you up, and then she’ll leave, okay?” he continued. Hyperion slowly lowered his head for John, eyes still twitching towards Molly, who stood waiting patiently nearby, watching with a small smile. His scaled cheek pushed into John’s outstretched hand.
“The one at the top window with the long hair? She’s been here before, seems to like the sharks - and me,” Sherlock replied, toweling his hair dry.
“Got that out of the way,” Sherlock said, giving John another seemingly reassuring squeeze around the middle.
The only pictures in the cabinet that didn’t contain Hyperion looked old. One labeled on the back with ‘Sire’ and the other had ‘Dam’ crossed out and replaced with ‘Mother’. Hyperion’s parents, a handsome dark yellowy-brown male, ‘with gold potential’ the photo said on the back, who looked like a much darker version of Hyperion with more green in his eyes. The mother was golden, shining scales covering her from tip to tail, Hyperion’s eyes were his mother’s bright golden yellow. He had much more gold on him than his father, but no where remotely near his mother’s pure gold. Deciding to leave questions about them for another time, John reverently closed and latched the cabinet doors and returned to looking around Hyperion’s home.
“I’d like a second opinion, and isn’t this more fun than sitting around the flat doing nothing?” Sherlock nodded down at the corpse pointedly.
With that they proceeded around the massive landing field towards one of the large halls. In the daylight, John could see how huge the courtyard was, gigantic compared to Kandahar Aerie. Where Kandahar, from what John had seen, had been all smooth brown walls with paintings and rounded weathered edges, London’s Aerie sported grey stone, like cathedral walls, precisely cut and beautiful, with murals painted inside the stone frames of sheltering alcoves and nooks. Around the edges of the grassy center, tucked against the walls, were the other two crates from Kandahar, but at a distance it was impossible to tell if they were still occupied. The pair of carriers lay curled in two giant balls of blue scales together at the far end of the field, sleeping. As they neared the hall Sally led them towards John saw that there were directional signs and he thanked his lucky stars that the halls were marked, because if the Aerie was as big as he was imagining then the signs would be needed.
The twinge of the change was unwelcome when it came, considering John had been enjoying covertly admiring Sherlock’s arse. Another slightly harder twinge made John curl up on himself. The transformation this time certainly wasn’t ‘call an ambulance I’m having a heart attack’ worthy, but if he’d felt this at home John would certainly be contemplating going to hospital.
The view as he rolled over, hissing as the salty water came in contact with his road-rashed back, was like something out of an action film. Moran stalked towards him gun still drawn and pointed right at his head. She appeared through the spray of water, any sentiment for her coat completely gone now as she stared him down from behind the barrel of her pistol. John shuffled backwards, hitting a wall almost instantly. His heart thudded in his chest, panic and adrenaline making the beat almost painful as he stared up into those cold steely eyes.
“It was rude of him to bring it up,” John replied, noticing that Melinda’s green eye’s had fixated on him now rather than Sherlock. It was unnerving for a moment, John had seen it enough times to know what was happening, she was quietly judging him, nearly all dragons seemed to do it. A new human had appeared, and she was sizing John up, a quick flick of a glance up at Hyperion and back to John.
“That’s not the point, Sherlock,” John said. He took up the class papers and sat in his armchair to start thumbing through them, as Sherlock took a seat in his own.
The morbidity of the concept twined with Sherlock’s excitement should have been repulsive, but to John it only made him love his mate all the more. The elation, the rush and joy at a clue uncovered, a puzzle solved, the satisfaction of catching a killer, and now the proof that he had indeed been right to think her a murderer to begin with.
“Ha ha, you may enjoy being in the buff 24/7 but when sleeping I like clothing. Altogether too much nudity in the last 24 hours,” John groused as he undid the buttons of his shirt.
John tugged at Sherlock bringing him up with him as he finally scrambled to his feet, they were surrounded by a decent layer of snow by that point, their blanket would be sodden with it. The only thing not covered was the little portable heater that was giving it its all trying to keep the snow at bay in its immediate vicinity. John gave himself a little shake to dislodge any from his legs and Sherlock fluffed his coat as well, ruffling his hair in an attempt to de-ice it. They really should have probably gone in sooner, but the moment they’d just shared made it worth staying out.
“Sherlock that’s--” John didn’t know how to finish that sentence. On the one hand he was impressed by his flatmate’s deductive skills and pointing out things John had certainly missed, but on the other it was a little on the disgusting end to think that Jim had done anything remotely sexual in that classroom while they’d been out. “Rude,” he settled on. “Fascinating, but rude.” John added.
The next area was Stapleton’s, most of which consisted of large barns and grassy courtyards with only a handful of actual pits. Lestrade showed him where the nesting grounds were: large well covered warm domes, each with floors covered in sand and viewing balconies. There were people there actually tending to a couple dragons and their eggs. The human hospital was in the same area of the Aerie and John was sure he’d be visiting soon, having to meet with his therapist about his shoulder.
Suddenly the same hunger John had felt a few days prior when Hyperion fed flared up again and Hyperion’s side of the bond soared with activity. It made John smile. Tom was there and Hyperion was ecstatic over the distraction of a meal. John laid back on the sofa and just concentrated on the bond and the feel of Hyperion feeding. If he focused hard enough he could tell when Tom threw and Hyperion wolfed his meat down, a phantom lump in his throat from food he wasn’t eating. It was definitely still strange, but the odd details transferring to John made him feel closer to Hyperion and he was happy for that.
--and recovered the eggs.” Sherlock finished with a huff. John was quiet for a moment and Sherlock actually moved away. Rather than stand around and wait for John’s comparably slow mind to get his thoughts together for the next question, he actually wandered over to a large cabinet and began rummaging around in it for something.
Sherlock didn’t seem to have an immediate answer for John’s question as he continued his tending. “Bored, thinking,” Sherlock replied, “contemplating when I should approach you about installing more greenery in Hyperion’s pit,” Sherlock expanded further, as if he knew what John was about to ask.
“Jim is always unsettling, its partly why he changes jobs around the Aerie at the drop of a hat. If he stayed anywhere long enough he’d ruffle everyone’s feathers.” Sherlock said as though it were just a fact that everyone in the Aerie just automatically knew.
“That’s all of it, all moved in,” Sally told him, her voice friendly enough, but her face saying she’d rather not stick around as she looked around at the state of the place.
“You could have been stuck like that for three weeks and have absolutely zero clue how you got that way when you turned back,” Sherlock finished, glaring at John before he pulled on his trousers and toed on a pair of comfortable-looking trainers.
Sherlock tucked his fins in again against his body and kicked himself in an exasperated small circle. If he’d been able to huff or roll his eyes John was almost certain he’d be doing so. But Sherlock did eventually come back to him and slow down his signals to a point John could understand, it was a sluggish and mildly tedious form of communication, but at least it was something, and after nearly a month of fishy silence during the day they both were happy for something to occupy their time.
“Oh? what do most people say?” John asked, watching a brief flash of what looked like happiness cross Sherlock’s face in the form of a tiny tug upwards in the corner of his mouth, a small but genuine smirk.
“Of course not, he saw my name on the card, noticed that it was an order for two and as he is wont to do, assumed I had a date.” He set the bottle down and continued to rummage through the bag, pulling out containers of food and setting them aside. With a tiny ‘ah’ Sherlock pulled out something from the bottom of the bag, a little book of matches and a white votive candle.
“Why do you need me?!” John called after him, following Sherlock as his coat swished around the corner down the stairs.
They lay together completely relaxed and pooling over one another, minds both glowing with residual emotions and floaty orgasmic bliss, but otherwise quiet. John could almost have sworn Sherlock had dozed off to sleep when a soft mental groan came across their still shared contact. Sherlock shifted beneath him, not much just a faint ripple, and John finally took the initiative to move. He slid partially off Sherlock, not losing contact with him, but just enough that John could pull back the nice warm duvet for them to slip under.
John thought, he couldn’t imagine any of these teams wanting to work with Sherlock long enough to help, or worse: what if Sherlock upset one enough to sabotage the rude detective’s saddle. John shook away the disturbing thought, surely no one here hated Sherlock to the point they’d want to do him permanent damage.
“Mmmhmm,” he hummed again, and an arm pulled John over with him as Sherlock rolled onto his back. John got the hint and let go for a moment to get situated between Sherlock’s knees. He sat there looking down at Sherlock in the barely-there light, the duvet a warm cape around his shoulders.
Showered, in new clothes, and cane in hand, John made his way to the cafeteria. Mrs Hudson and Angus were out of the flat already and he suspected he’d see them getting breakfast. The room was a hive of activity; having actually arrived earlier he now got to see what appeared to be the majority of the Aerie filtering through the massive space littered with its mismatched tables and chairs. Indeed, Mrs Hudson was there at a rather small but busy table, Angus’ head in her lap. She spotted John first, calling him over as he looked for a place to sit with his food.
“Hello John, he-hello Sherlock, sorry for interrupting, but this one wanted to see you,” Jim said quietly, dark eyes flicking between John and Sherlock but lingering on Sherlock, who appeared to be ignoring the teacher and actually eating his lunch.
“Silkwing Ridgeback, a French locality bred for centuries for their speed and beauty,” Sherlock said, as she turned from him and went to inspect John. Up close John could see that she had darker patterning, like Hyperion but much more subtle and much cleaner looking. She wore warped stripes and rings from the top of her head on down, the backs of her wings carried large patterns on them like butterfly wings.
“Still angry with me?” Sherlock asked quietly from his place sitting in the doorway. John made a motion much like a sigh and reached out an appendage, lightly poking it against Sherlock’s skin.
John’s flight was in the morning, and his lack of sleep did not dull his nerves in the slightest. He was packed into a jeep and sent on his way at dawn, the first light of the sun touching the high archs of the Aerie’s doorways as they drove through them. They pulled into the courtyard and John’s heart began really pounding when he saw the gigantic pair of navy blue dragons sitting side by side with their wings neatly folded at one end of the field. The Aerie was alive at dawn, people moving around like ants coming and going with their tasks. A large number of them appeared to be preparing for the cargo flight. There were three large crates set out on the field along with some smaller ones filled with miscellaneous boxes and objects. John noticed that there was a dragon already laying down in one of the crates, a large bandage swathing one side of its head and down its neck. it’s rider stood next to the uncovered side. Another box had a rider coaxing another injured dragon into it, the poor grey thing limping horribly. And then John felt Hyperion. The dragon was nearby and the bond was flaring. He turned towards the hall where Hyperion’s enclosure had been and saw Omar leading John’s hobbling dragon out. On nervous shaky legs John took off running, stumbling towards them, needing the dragon’s full presence on him, wanting the calming warmth to slow his panicky heart. He hugged Hyperion’s foreleg like a lifeline, feeling the bond wash over him quickly as he took in a long steady breath.
Sherlock’s cheekbones gained a little color at that, a faint blush at the sudden complement. “I could set fire to your chair.”
“Perfectly sound analysis but I was hoping you’d go deeper.” For a moment John just stared in disbelief at this strange human being, but Sherlock had said he wanted an assistant and in order to learn more about this white rabbit he’d have to follow further down the hole. Examining this body for him would hopefully provide more information. John sighed, giving in and getting down closer after Sherlock handed him another pair of gloves. John checked her over for him quickly.
Hyperion responded with a sigh of a huff. He knew John had his anxieties about flight. John knew if he dug hard enough into Hyperion’s end of the bond he’d find the prickling hurt of knowing his rider didn’t actually want to fly with him. He knew Hyperion was privy to the nightmares that still plagued him, though their frequency had greatly diminished lately. Falling, over and over and over, loads of scenarios that ended with John rushing towards the ground with nothing to catch him. Even the ones that ended well still involved plummeting and then Sherlock would catch him. John still hadn’t put too much thought into the fact that Sherlock in his dreams had a lovely sheen of silver scales, or even why it had to be Sherlock at all really, but he was sure that meant something too.
“Shortly after discovering my brother’s condition I had a tracking chip implanted into him, a precaution in case the people he had been tracking decided to return for him. A large bluefin tuna such as him would fetch a high sum at market, you understand.” Mycroft turned the phone around so John could see the screen. There on the display was a map of lower England with a small blinking fish icon moving very slowly southwards. John was very glad he hadn’t acted on that impulse to destroy the phone. He took the phone from Mycroft though, grabbing for it quickly and trying to look closer at where the little icon was going, zooming in further on the map and watching it update and move a little further south.
“Can we begin or are you going to be sick? It's a little harder to tell from behind,” Sherlock asked. John nearly looked back at him, he wasn’t going to say anything about the minor meltdown that had almost occured. John honestly didn’t want him to, and he felt a little better thinking that Sherlock had picked up on that, even going so far to make light of a small flaw in his deducing capabilities.
“Y-y-yes,” came a very shaky answer, that broke the silence. “I-I don’t know where I am. I c-can’t move. Oh God, I need Sherlock Holmes, help me!” The woman’s voice on the other end devolved into panicked sobbing before she could say any more. The crying didn’t last long though, John heard her suddenly inhale, trying to hold it in, and then she spoke again "St-stop… Stop crying, read the w-words you-you st-stupid cow.”
“Well, Sherlock pulled me away…” He trailed off, remembering the tall detective dragging that dripping suitcase around.
John reached down with his other hand and started stroking Sherlock’s cock, still hard and ready below him. Sherlock hissed at the contact, pushing into the hand eagerly to take his mind off other things, moaning lightly until John reminded him with another sharp swat to his backside, “I didn’t say you could move.” And the pain took him out of the pleasurable buzz again.
“Sherlock?” John whispered at him trying to sit up, but pinned in the taller man’s arms. A small snore greeted him. In the moment’s after Sherlock’s head hit the bench, he had passed out asleep with a silly grin on his face and John in his arms on what certainly was not the most comfortable bench. “Well, great.”
“It was you!” he cried indignantly, as she gracefully strode through the tables on black high heels. John remembered Tom telling him about hearing a rumor saying as much. Irene had been the origin. He felt he should have known. The only others who could have started the hearsay would have been the flight crew, and he hoped they at least had the decorum to not mock the wounded they carried home.
“You’re one of the first people I’ve heard say that,” John said, actually a little surprised that one of the cafeteria cooks of all people thought so highly of Sherlock.
“Mrs Hudson took it in her last cleaning spree,” Sherlock said, eyes narrowing at the door. And then he said, “You’ve been watching the videos.” Those blue eyes zipped back to focus on John again.
“There’s my good girl,” Jim crooned softly, reaching out to run a thumb along the newly healed skin on Sebbie’s cheek with a smile.
“I know exactly what you’ve gotten up to today,” he said, walking calmly around the table. “Considering that you came from a warzone, one would imagine you would stay far away from Sherlock.” He stood tall over John, but after that initial step back John held his ground, still meeting the intimidating and peculiar man’s gaze.
It was some time afterwards that John decided to pull on clean trousers, simply for the sake of anyone who may visit, or the kitchen staff, whomever came first. He then remembered the other package that had been left with his lunch. John sat at the edge of the mattress as he pulled open the drawstrings on the bag to reveal a small stack of books with a letter folded and taped to one of them. The message was from Sally. “Dear John, These are the texts that Lestrade requested for you to read during your bonding. Most of the knowledge contained in these books is beginner level education for our newest nestlings. Please do not be offended by their simplicity; we only think it best to start at the very beginning. We do not doubt that you will learn quickly. Do not rush. We do not expect you to finish these before your bonding is over. We only hope that what is in these books will help you learn a little more about Hyperion.” John glanced at the books, all fairly small and simple-looking with the exception of a larger tome titled ‘Dragons of the World’. The letter continued on with a P.S.: “Sorry neither I or Lestrade could deliver these personally. We will most likely see you again at the end of your bonding. Peaceful bonding. 5th Division Commander Sally Donovan.”
At first sitting in on classes with Sherlock was something of an awkward affair, since they were the only adults in a room full of children all roughly the age of ten. The first day in classes the teacher introduced him and told the nestlings that “Dr Watson would be sitting in on our lessons,” before directing him and Sherlock to the back of the room.
“Sherlock, I’m coming in,” he announced, stepping inside. The lights were off in the tiny bathroom; the only light coming in was the soft yellowy light from the lamp in the bedroom. Sherlock was lying on his side in the bottom of the tub, wrapped in a towel with his cheek pressed against the mint green porcelain. He was shivering again, still naked under the towel. John set down the water and dressing gown as he knelt next to the tub. He reached out and stroked Sherlock’s hair gently, the man only scrunched down more.
The urgent message made John want to see what Sherlock had read on the paper and managed to catch Mycroft before he folded it away. There on the offered page was a small article questioning “Are Sea Life’s Fish Intelligent?” Below was a little black and white picture of their tank and, sure enough, the black shapes of John and Sherlock within. The paper itself was one of those silly “Are aliens cavorting amongst my sheep?!” types, but still, the fact that someone had written in to say they’d seen the fish at the aquarium doing code and talking to each other in an intelligent manner was unsettling. And who knew who else would see it and start watching a little closer.
“They are not!” Lestrade said, looking like he wanted to reach back and clip Sherlock over the head. “Anyway, what with your special circumstances they’re especially keen to see you.”
Sherlock drew attention as soon as he stepped through the doors heads all across the room turning to look at him. Sherlock’s unsociable mask deepend. John watched as he pushed forwards, hands going to the collar of his long coat and pushing it up over his neck as if it was an instinctive movement.
“Shy Death toxin, produced by a small dragon species found in Panama. The locals call it that because they avoid humans like the plague; they’re intelligent enough to know that they can kill people accidentally and killing humans means they die.” Sherlock was typing away on his mobile while he talked, and he certainly had John entranced as he rattled off more of his incredible knowledge. “They’re extremely delicate, very thin, fine skin, vividly colored. They secrete an extremely toxic poison from pores around their necks and shoulders, much like frogs seen in the same region only on a much larger scale. I can count on just my fingers how many keepers for them there are. I saw one once when I was a child, visiting the Aerie for educational and study purposes.”
John was reaching for the still lit votive candle when Sherlock, with a surprisingly quick motion for one so drunk, snatched it away, mumbling, “I have it, I’ll put it out.” Then he proceeded to try to blow out a candle, which the drunken part of John’s brain found absolutely hilarious as the genius detective failed multiple times to get the little flame to go away. He finally got it to go out with a huff at John’s laughter, bringing them back to only being lit by the glow of the large jellyfish tank behind him.
Understanding bloomed across the bond and Hyperion pressed a sense memory into John’s mind, a memory of hearing John from a good distance shouting about not flying. John felt his own pang sharp of guilt then; he knew Hyperion wanted to fly again and wanted to take his rider with him. It wasn’t fair for him to delay it longer and longer if he didn’t have to just because of his own fears.
“Christ,” John murmured, paging through the book and finding a new world within its pages. Miniature dragons both bred for their size and not, new species that hadn’t been discovered until very recently, dragons that had wings but didn’t fly, beautiful creatures for nearly every terrain on the planet and in almost every color imaginable. White dragons of the Gobi Desert with natural silver in their scales. Pitch black snake-like dragons with neon markings and stubby legs from the jungles of Nepal. Over in the Americas, metallic copper colored scales striped and spotted the hides of bulky, massive-winged, mountain breeds a little smaller than Hyperion.
John’s eye caught on the dust motes floating where Sherlock had been standing for a moment. His mind caught on that mental image and hung it there before him in the dust as though he were still sitting there watching bodies hit the brush and dirt. Everything went very quiet, their relatively calm banter stopped. In the back of his mind John could feel Hyperion’s worry like a call of
“On that note, Mrs Hudson, I think it’s time we retire upstairs.” Sherlock motioned towards the ceiling with a feigned a yawn, trying to get out of the mild awkwardness that they had landed in.
“You don’t want to leave him do you?” A snort and nod indicated a yes, even without the almost overwhelming feeling of loss and wanting pushed into his head.
“It was two years ago and ended with a rather viciously thrown bowl of sprouts shattering a window. We don’t do Christmas dinners.” Sherlock said, face darkening at having to remember.
Yay I managed to update this fic, life is still being a bit of a bear, I meant to get this done back in July but at least its done now. Hopefully I'll manage to get the next chapter done before the end of the year at least then it'll be more seasonally fitting.
“Yeah, nothing too bad I hope?” John asked, his brain suddenly conjuring up a live animal being led in on a rope for Hyperion to tear apart.
“She’s the veterinarian for our division, Molly Hooper, sweet woman, honest. Hyperion’s just as bad as a child about check-ups, has been since he was a fledgeling.” He moved over by John in front of Hyperion’s head. “Now. We’re gonna get his head tucked back in, and you’re going to stay out here with him for the night. Get that bond settled in a bit more.” Lestrade bent and made the motion to lift under Hyperion’s chin.
Omar seemed to notice and slowed a bit to fall back next to John, “He’ll be okay with us, you know, we’ve been taking good care of him,” he told him, trying to sound reassuring as he clapped John on the back.
The Masters sat above him, their table slightly raised on a short dais in the pit of the room, but then John noticed familiar faces. Sally sat to Lestrade’s right, and Anthea sat next to Mycroft who was seated at an even further raised desk behind the others; looking even more like a judge. Henry sat at the opposite end of the table from Lestrade looking just as open and friendly as he had the day before. The other five he did not know, though one of the men’s faces looked familiar.
That night when John turned back into his normal self he happily found out what Sherlock had been up to that morning. He was ambushed coming out of the water, Sherlock grabbing him and hauling him out and onto something soft before John had the chance to peel the gel off his eyes and ears. But he felt Sherlock on top of him, the tall figure straddling him and sealing his mouth over John’s.
“Oh yes, just a wonderful experience,” John replied sarcastically, wrapping his towel around himself for some amount of modesty as he followed Sherlock down the stairs.
“Am I hurting him by not doing that?” John asked, looking up at Omar. It felt like he was hurting Hyperion by walking away.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, sounding as if that thank you was almost a question, should I be thanking you for this basic human empathy? This was something new to him it seemed or at least a kindness that hadn’t been afforded him much in the past. “I don’t want to, not right now.” He said and looked to John, again gauging his reaction.
It took John a second to realize he was the one being addressed, still looking up at the dragon above him. He looked to Moran, a tall, lanky, very dark-skinned man with a wicked-looking scar running up his cheek and through his eyebrow up to his hairline. His black hair was braided and tied back into a curly fluff at the back of his head. John shook his hand.
“‘That’s not what most people would say’, right?” John supplied for him, offering a small smile. He looked down at the shoe. “Well, maybe some people should actually listen to you more often. I think most of the time people have a hard time getting past you being such a dick all the time, might need to work on that a bit.” John chuckled trying to break the odd tension that seemed to have sprung up at the bit of honest admission, eyes going back to Sherlock.
“No, why do you ask?” He asked in reply, sounding not at all like he meant it even as he dropped back to close the distance between them.
It was cold in mid-November, but any riders with larger dragons seemed to be perfectly comfortable in lighter clothing than everyone else. Bellamy’s silvery form appeared, walking gracefully as ever through her open doors. And nearby was Sherlock, looking unfazed by the cooler weather as well, his coat collar turned up not for protection but the sheer style of it it seemed, considering he wasn’t hunkering into his coat for warmth and how dashing he looked with the black wool framing his pale neck.
“No problem.” And with that they left John to the silence of the crate, the only sounds being the great whuffs Hyperion’s breathing and the distant noises of late night activity on the landing field.
“Sherlock, there wasn’t anything found with her,” Dimmock said as Sherlock began looking around other rooms on the same floor. Sherlock stopped, staring at Dimmock for a moment before a grin crossed his face.
“You want the Aerie to know you’re mine?” Sherlock asked quietly, he sounded as though he hadn’t thought about that aspect of being in a relationship with John. It dawned on John the implication, if it became known Sherlock had a partner, openly, it would spread through the gossip vine like wildfire. Sherlock Holmes had managed to land a physical companion and not just anyone - John Watson. The question was loaded with implied ‘you’re sure you want to be seen with
“We’re not allowed to, he says he doesn’t care what other riders say, he is Mr Moriarty, our teacher. We get to call him Jim if or when we get our dragons and become proper riders and keepers,” Mary said seriously.
“The stains, John.” He only squeezed all the tighter, as if he wanted them to just absorb into one being so that John would be safe forever. John understood then why Sherlock had asked, the fading stains earlier; John had already forgotten about it all together. The kidnapping and seeing Sherlock coming to his rescue, enraged to extremely gentle in the blink of an eye, had wiped the incident from his mind.
John didn’t have time to really pinpoint the specific kind of distress Sherlock was building as the larger Mollisian suddenly slid out from under him, stretching and slipping away into their mostly unused connected bathroom. He was left for a moment feeling bereft and wondering what just happened.
John spooked slightly at the feeling of a weight against his shoulder and looked over to see Sherlock, his arm pressed against John’s on the wall. John could feel Sherlock’s warmth through the fabric separating them and it made his skin tingle.
John relaxed again at that with a laugh. “Yeah, escalated a bit,” he admitted turning his head to meet Sherlock’s lips in a soft kiss. “Escalated to a good place.” With that they did finally sink into silence, John gazing sleepily into hooded blue eyes until they drifted to sleep, content and wrapped up in each other’s arms.
“I’ve got you, you will get out of this. Do you understand?” he said, as the young man’s breaths continued to leave him in great sobs. The words were hollow reassurances as John surveyed the boy’s wounds. Crash victims did not usually survive, and this one appeared no different. John had seen so many riders die falling with their dragons in the past weeks. Even though he had been warned of the high fatality rate with crashed riders, it made it no less disheartening with every fallen dragon he checked for survivors. This rider had already sustained a few bleeding lacerations in the air deep enough to have torn through the thick armor of a rider, but it was the internal injuries that would claim this young man’s life. Blood was beginning to form at his lips, broken ribs, punctured lung, ruptured organs, any of them would take him in the time it would take to move the dragon’s body off of him.
John had been wounded rather badly by a cornered murderer. A large knife had been pulled from a butcher block, a meat cleaver, they both remembered the square blade easily. The idiot had brought the cleaver down on John, splitting him open with its sharpened edge. Sherlock had immediately halted his pursuit of the criminal to take care of John. Much like a gut sliced Human, Mollisian’s do have innards, not so clearly defined like individual organs, but still something that should not be presented to air without fatal consequences. John had overheard much more offensive mouths describe his people’s insides like jam or ‘that sweet pasty stuff you get in Japanese desserts’ or any number of pie fillings.
In John’s reading he had found that during breeding, bonds could become heightened. In much more vulgar terms, the dragon’s rider would want to fuck as much as their dragon wanted to in the heat of the moment. Which was one of many reasons for why breedings were scheduled, regulated, and planned.
Very suddenly it was all over. Sherlock’s lips locked to John’s, swallowing his impassioned moans and breaths and a dam broke as if the whole giant aquarium shattered and the water flooded out, a tsunami wave of pleasure. His eyes slammed shut and his whole body tensed while Sherlock continued to milk his cock, smearing John’s come over his palm.
“First of all, brother mine, you are confined to this house until further notice,” Mycroft began, a small number of spines of annoyance springing up along his head as he spoke before smoothing into his skin again. To a human like Lestrade the sight of it reminded him of a ferrofluid sculpture he’d seen on the internet; he had shown it to Mycroft before and his alien partner’s skin briefly had prickled in a wave across his entire form before settling again as he watched the moving magnetic liquid. If Lestrade could liken it to anything it had been like watching a cat react to a mirror, if only for a moment.
“Just wanted to stop by and say I’m staying out with Hyperion tonight. Lots of stress and scares today, I just don’t feel comfortable leaving him alone,” John explained, hoping it didn’t sound strange that he’d rather sleep out in the pits heated by his dragon than inside in his nice warm bed. Mrs Hudson just smiled.
“Oh Sherlock!” The elderly woman immediately wrapped Sherlock up in a hug. “I thought I might never see you again, what with Mycroft coming by and his ‘secret missions’ in ‘far away countries’ without so much as a note left or any idea of when you might be coming back!” She babbled into his coat’s lapels as he gently returned the hug and awkwardly patted her on the shoulder until she finally let go with a small sniffle.
“I wanted to be sure of your intentions,” Sherlock finally said, voice rumbling against John’s shoulder, “love or lust, I’ve been burned before by both.” He added even quieter.
“Yeah.” John gulped. “Yeah, take it slow,” He took another deep breath and he could almost feel his heart give a scared thump in his chest as he gave the okay for the whole situation to continue. In the next moment Bellamy began walking faster, starting into a trot and picking up speed.
John got up and followed Sherlock’s wobbly path as he wandered around towards the front of the stingray tank. Sherlock’s fingers dipped into the water as he gripped onto the edge of the tank. John was thankful that he was slightly more sober than Sherlock in that moment as Sherlock suddenly jerked his hand away from the water in a wild flail, giggling at the ray’s fin that had brushed up against his fingers and come out of the water to flap over the edge a bit.
“And you,” Sherlock replied, resuming his position at John’s back with his chin hooked over his shoulder.
They laid together, minds mingling peacefully for hours. The most John made noise was a brief moment where he realized he had forgotten to call or even write to Harry about any of this; he was about to get up again when he realized there was nothing he could really do about it now, and he really didn’t want to leave Hyperion’s side anyway.
“It’s someone in an Aerie?” John asked finally, and Sherlock’s face lit as though John had just presented him with a new bit of anatomy to play with.
Sherlock looked down at where their fingers were slotted together, bringing their combined hands up.
John eventually heard Sherlock shift again, this time getting up entirely and wandering towards the kitchen. When he returned he’d traded the track bottoms for a pair of jeans and John turned just in time to see Sherlock throwing on his coat and scarf, it had reached temperatures outside where, even with the extra warmth of the bond, layers were necessary.
“For someone who seems a bit on the wary side of getting pranked, you were thinking awfully deeply in a public place.” John looked around to see if any of the other people around had noticed, but there was no one; the area sat even more emptied than it had been when they arrived.
“No. We need the both of you,” the tartan scarf brute grumbled at him, hiking Sherlock up in his arms more securely. “You’re gonna follow me.”
John chuckled at the nearly gasped instructions as Sherlock continued to try to move and rub beneath him. “In a rush are we? What happened to that sense of timing?” John asked, opening the drawer and finding a small selection of bottles to choose from alongside a new-looking box of condoms. He picked the one that looked most used and sat back on his heels as Sherlock let out a louder groan and threw an arm over his eyes.
“You can even have some fun with him if you want in the meantime, just don’t kill him yet,” the woman said, bringing John’s focus back to the humans talking above him. Oh god, John had read the stories, he lived with Sherlock for christ’s sake he’d been to crime scenes that involved the murders of other Mollisians. It wasn’t an easy sight to see no matter which species it was in the role of victim. He’d seen photos Sherlock brought home from cases that involved members of their species being tortured, had seen the results first hand, witnessed survivors cowering in makeshift containers so close to projecting fear that even the lightest comforting touch made John wish for a human stomach to purge, if anything to get the horrific feeling out.
“No, no, he gets fed at home. The butchers give me his food to keep in the freezer and thaw out through the week. He eats so often and his type have a bit more variation to their diets than the big ones like your Hyperion. No, he just likes to come with me, get out of the house you know,” she said casting a fond glance down at Angus who was curled up in a tight ball next to her shins.
John tried to grab for a weapon, coming up with a serving tray and bashing the shark man over the back of the head with it, the flimsy plastic not doing much and actually cracking after meeting the man’s thick skull. The man swung around on John and grabbed him by the throat, his scarf the only thing keeping the man’s fingers from sinking into his gills.
, John repeated. The bond went quiet again for a moment, Hyperion still mentally warming him but otherwise not really communicating much of anything.
“You wouldn’t dare.” John tilted his head, meeting Sherlock’s gaze once more from the corner of his eye. Sherlock was so close he could feel the warmth of him, his breath barely formed as wisps on the cool autumn air.
“What is that?” John finally asked as Sherlock pulled a jar with similarly colored liquid to the one he’d snatched earlier. This one contained a swollen and blistered finger. Sherlock looked up at him sharply, as if he’d become lost in his own head and forgotten John was even there.
“Fuck!” he barked out shakily, finally freeing his hand from his leg to wipe the tears and snot from his face. His exclamation pulled the attention of a nearby nurse who slowly came up to him and gently laid a hand on his arm.
Just then Hyperion decided to roll over, sending John dunking into the water as well. Any people still on his back joined John, although with more laughing and less surprised sputtering. Hyperion plucked John out of the water like Bellamy had done to Sherlock. Sitting him on his chest, John felt Hyperion’s mental equivalent of a smile cross the bond and John smiled back at him. Hyperion began swimming like that, his wings under the water flexing and propelling him slowly around the pool, content to float upside down for as long as he could.
Sherlock was amongst it all, walking quickly down the field towards the veterinary wing and the nesting grounds within. John followed him at a distance, keeping an eye on the black fluff of hair and long coat, trying to avoid being stepped on by the dragons being brought to the sides and unharnessed. Sherlock dodged the busy teams and large paws easily.
Sherlock pulled John forward, heading right towards the black dragon that made John cower moments before. “Sherlock, I don’t need to meet it,” John protested, making an attempt to pull his wrist from Sherlock’s grasp.
“But there are Aeries all over the world,” John reasoned, and Sherlock’s face fell. Probably John’s assertion had reminded him that John was nowhere close to his genius.
“Sherlock!” John hissed. “We can’t pick the locks.” John tried not to yell in the quiet space, best not to announce to the world that Sherlock was lockpicking his way into a place he definitely shouldn’t be without supervision.
“I saw it happen, through the window,” Sherlock replied, returning with a biscuit of his own. “You were going towards the park; I saw them take you, but by the time I reached the street they were getting away.”
Right near his position, ducked behind the crown of the dead dragon’s head, a body dropped out of the sky, landing in a great huff of sand with a wet organic thump. John saw that the corpse, in its small crater, less than twenty feet from him, was the shattered remains of an enemy rider. He had been ripped from his harness and the remains of the belts still hung around his torso in tatters. Large tooth marks bled profusely into the sand from where a dragon had torn him free and slung him from his mount, not a common tactic, but one John had seen enough times to recognize the always disgusting result.
Task finished Bellamy took a few steps forward, making to continue on her way with Sherlock still looking mildly flustered in the saddle. Her head swiveled to glance at Hyperion and she let out a very low juddering sound, a sweep of her head in the direction they were headed made it clearer to John that she was calling Hyperion to come along, and Hyperion did so, walking along nearby. The bond flooded with pride after a moment of them walking together; obviously having John on his back and the cooperation and communication with Bellamy had lifted Hyperion’s mood significantly.
Hyperion wandered over to Bellamy to take his usual place at her side. His limp had improved greatly over the course of the past few weeks with his regular outings, the large scabs over his wounds covered nicely healing skin going by the fresh pink-ish granulated skin around the gnarled edges. But he still stood close to Bellamy every time they were out anyway, out of affection, John felt.
“No. She was an Aerie worker. She didn’t go anywhere without her phone since every member of an Aerie must have some form of long distance communication available to them. In a place as large as this being able to call on someone at a moment’s notice is extremely important. No, she would never have left her phone behind, and being part of a smuggling operation makes it even less likely she would forget it anywhere.”
“What is this?” John said, coming closer to the blanket. He looked up at the radar spinning slowly, quietly above them, then down at the thin snow crunching under his feet, then back to Sherlock and the empty cushion next to him.
“Oh good, you’re here,” Sherlock responded serenely, as though he was absolutely content to be up to his elbows in egg sludge.
Mycroft sighed, “Dr Watson will be accompanying you, protect him at all costs he is rather dear to my brother,” he ordered as the rotor blades began to turn, the engine revving and beginning to make the deafening noise that drowned out anything other than shouting. Everyone in the helicopter threw up an 'okay' hand sign as the roaring of the engine and spinning blades grew louder. John watched as Mycroft backed away and they became airborne, the helipad and the Thames dropping away below them and the London skyline appearing, pilots already following Sherlock’s tracking chip and heading south.
John let out a small chuckle at the pair of them watching her and Sherlock take off. John was impressed by the stunning silver figure she cut, and Sherlock remaining poised in the saddle as well. At the same moment John could feel Hyperion admiring Bellamy, the soft sigh of,
“Sorry, don’t know why I did that,” he apologized, Sherlock didn’t reply just continuing on with his meal.
They stood staring each other down for a long moment, eyes locked and both determined to get their way, John in his impromptu towel sarong, clutching a brown bag of clothes in one hand and Mycroft’s phone in the other. Mycroft finally sighed, bringing a hand to his face to massage the space between his eyebrows.
“You knew she was here?” John whispered frantically, looking at the spike-covered tail that had come uncovered circling around a trio of large eggs.
Lestrade explained that Soo Lin, being Master of public transit, needed an absolutely massive portion of space simply because of the sheer size of the dragons she commanded. The giants that carried huge loads of people all over the world. Technically the Nordics belonged to her division, but were shared between her and Lestrade as the massive cargo carriers were often used for post and shipping.
“Is he okay?” John asked Sally as she led him away from the school’s courtyard and back into the larger halls of the Aerie, expertly guiding him through the forming morning bustle of people, carts, and dragons, heading towards the landing field.
They continued like that for what felt like ages, Bellamy climbing and swooping, performing another loop and even a shallow dive, nothing too intense but infinitely more than John had ever expected to do when they’d started. Eventually John’s arms began to feel sore holding them out for so long, but he didn’t want to drop them and let Hyperion miss anything. Right about that time however an orange flash streaked by to his right, Melinda and Sally. It was like a cold bucket had been dumped over John, he’d completely forgotten about any other riders or other people who might be around, how much of a fool had he just made himself in front of them with all the arm nonsense. He tucked himself inwards immediately.
“That’s not the damn point Sherlock!” He yelled anyway as the golden mass began to take a shape. A head emerged, followed by torso, two arms and two legs until a rough approximation of a tall lanky man stood before him.
John felt like he was melting, like he was pooling along the ground like an actual liquid puddle with no restraint of skin and form. His mind began to tilt even though he wasn’t moving and a terrifying sort of vertigo took hold, his mind playing tricks on him and making him feel like he was on a rocking teeter totter. Through the disorientation John saw a tall, dark shape appear from behind a parked car, followed by another. They touched him, laid actual human skin on his, and John’s mind rebelled at the sensation.
“Sher-Sherlock Holmes?” John questioned, glancing up at the other man above him. Sherlock was peeling off what remained of something that looked like a clear jelly lens over one eye, tossing the bits of goo back into the water where fish were nibbling at perceived food.
“We have to get him on a regimen, exercise, diet, the lot,” he said, as though he was already forming up a checklist in his mind of what needed to be scheduled and what resources it would take to get Hyperion healthy and back in the sky. He looked to John. “You’re going to be his support through this. I know you’re new to everything, but you start getting any weird feelings off of him you let one of us know.” Lestrade pointed between himself and Molly, “or Sally.”
“That’s no problem.” Lestrade ducked back under and away from Hyperion, calling over one of the crew still hovering nearby. “He’s popped a couple stitches, go tell Miss Hooper she’s going to need the equipment to repair it,” he ordered before coming back to John. “We had better get him moving again, He broke a stitch on his hind leg, but he should be fine to walk the distance to his pit. Just talk him home like you were doing before,” he told him, reaching up and stroking Hyperion’s cheek, smiling confidently up into the golden eye looking tiredly at them.
“Hyperion, I think we need to get out eventually,” John told him, looking over to see Bellamy stretched out on the rocks already drying.
Very suddenly a feeling of inexplicable glee welled up in his chest, it was like a gigantic version of the times his mother’s cat had ‘talked’ at the birds outside the kitchen window when he was a child. The old cat had sat with its mouth open and all its whiskers forward watching the songbirds outside just chattering away at them.
skittered through John’s mind and shivered across his skin he pressed back, meeting the warm kiss with a happy hum. He felt Sherlock’s arms moving, a large hand gripping his lower back, another traveling up the back of his neck, burying itself in John’s hair, pulling him inexorably closer; and John didn’t resist it, leaned into it as plush lips pulled at his, sucking lightly at his lower lip with more passion.
He looked down at his wrists together in front of him and the idea struck: break the ties. He knew how to get them off and the shark men had been dumb enough when binding them to put them in the front and no double up. Now he just needed the opportunity to get loose. Which came sooner than he thought, as they ascended the stairs and pushed through a door into the cool night air.
The addition made John’s heart pang, so Sherlock had been in love once. John knew about the lust but the love was a new revelation. He tried to think back over their past conversations for any mentions of romance and could think of none. Except, it hadn’t been romance but John remembered that Sherlock had liked one of his previous flatmates.
“Never really says much, just shows up and says the war is going well, and disappears again,” John mused, looking up at the large red and gold insignia bearing a sword that decorated the large doors in the area.
“I’ll go get your keys, wait right here.” Mrs Hudson opened the door and made shooing noises at a creature named ‘Angus’ before retreating inside. Upon her return she was less successful at keeping ‘Angus’ in. Angus was some kind of small dragon, one of the ones in the book that he’d missed, no doubt. The thing was bigger than a great dane and in its startling flurry of an appearance had managed to pin John against Sally’s jeep. “So sorry about him,” Mrs Hudson apologized. “Angus, leave the poor man alone.” She called to the whirling dervish of color that was Angus and the narrow grey head with piercing, nearly heliotrope, eyes on a weaving neck turned away. He calmed with a throaty croak in Mrs Hudson’s direction. The many-colored fans and frills flaring in apparent excitement to meet John folded away, lying flush to stoney grey scales. All tucked away and wings folded, if Angus curled up against one of the Aerie’s grey stone walls or in an alcove somewhere he’d probably camouflage well, until he opened his eyes, shockingly purple turned red around the pupils.
There he found the public restroom for the training fields, quite a bit bigger than the ones found over near the dragon pits and the nests and built to accommodate higher traffic. There were toilets and changing stalls and showers similar to the other areas but these also had actual baths as well, the entire facility smelled of relaxing perfume. If John had had the time and didn’t have an impatient grumpy Sherlock waiting outside, he would have been tempted to strip down and actually shower and sink into one of the pools he could see steaming at the far end of the room. As it was, he only had time to splash some water on his face, wet his hair and try to scrub the wind off his face.
” He’d effectively turned Sherlock’s brain to mush, all intelligent words out the window, sacrificed momentarily to the sheer amount of pleasure John was piling on top of him. He withdrew, leaving Sherlock for a moment a pleading mess as he reached for a condom and quickly rolled it on.
“Morning, John,” she said, as he sat up rubbing at his face, his bad shoulder extremely stiff as he got up.
Jim snapped the ancient book shut and the humming ceased completely. She stepped forward and, with one foot, shoved at the large shark’s side. The flailing creature rolled with the kick and went right into the water, where it swam away.
“No,” John chuckled pushing outwards into Sherlock’s hold, “It was actually a strangely fond remembrance.”
No time to search through cupboards and plants though, as John watched Hyperion slowly lie down on the giant mat at the back of his home. That was the best he could describe it, a dragon home. It wasn’t a ‘pit’ as everyone kept calling it; there were comfortable touches to the large space, things that made it look lived in, like scratches on the walls that looked too small for Hyperion as John knew him to have left them --they probably had stories to them. An honest-to-god tapestry with Hyperion’s name on it in large gothic letters hung near the door under the shelter of a recessed stone frame. And in the protection of the alcove for the workbenches John could see that there were a few pictures tacked to the board above it.
“Seeing the last delivery of the night,” John followed his gaze to a glowing spot in the cloud cover.
“And if I don’t want to play?” Sherlock asked coldly, John looked sharply up at him. After a couple months with Sherlock John knew there was no keeping Sherlock away from an interesting puzzle or case.
“FOLLOW ME!!! FOLLOW ME YOU GREAT BRUTE!!”  John heard a female voice screaming above the wind, the red shape coming closer. Hyperion gave a massive lurch downward and only the red dragon’s back pushing upward right next to him against Hyperion’s chest kept them from falling out of the sky.
Jim rose with a put upon sigh, patting a grumbling Sebbie on the shoulder, and sauntered over to Sherlock. She put a finger under his chin and made him look up at her through still bleary eyes. “Awake now Mr Holmes?” She said loudly, causing Sherlock to flinch and pull his head away from her hand.
Next thing he knew, Tom’s big arm was around John’s shoulders. “Hey, it’s not a big deal,” Tom said quietly. “I’m sure we can help you out, and you’ve got Hyperion himself too. Bet you’ve only flown regular passenger flights; I’ve been told those are nothing like flying with the dragon you’re bonded to.” Hyperion had felt John’s distress and the bond lit with comfort, ‘it will be okay’ and ‘you can do it’ reassurance. John pulled his hand away and looked over to see Hyperion paying attention to them rather than seeking out food smells.
“Oh god, I’m going to have to go through that feeling like I’m having a heart attack again aren’t I?” John said with a groan, suddenly remembering what turning into a fish had entailed last time.
“He’ll be alright, and he can come right back tomorrow,” Sally said as John stood and hopped down from the mattress. Hyperion lunged forward in front of them, blocking with his neck and curling around the both of them; the calm John sent him getting overpowered by a level of distress John hadn’t felt since the initial flare when the bond began out in the scrub and sand.
“There now, no use getting all worked up over it. You aren’t going to be flying by yourself anytime soon; you’ll be in a nice padded crate with your dragon. You can sleep the whole flight if you want, no worries.” He helped John up off the ground, taking hold of his good hand.
“Anyhow, we found the corpse mid-performance, luckily the murderer was just stupid enough to hide it in a storage room near the theater. I stole a costume and intervened in the finale, the audience found it rather hilarious when an extra interrupted. I distinctly remember shouting, ‘Murderer!’ after Caesar had already been ‘fake’ stabbed several times.”
“You can’t just ask him that?!” the taller boy next to her whispered loudly, bumping her with his elbow. She lost her grip and fell off the edge with a squeak. John was up in an instant.
Then Luke made contact: he cupped his hand under the hatchling’s jaw, helping it lift its head onto his thigh and he fed it for the first time. The moment he touched its face Luke looked like he was about to cry, his face crumpled as he sniffed hard. He kept slowly feeding the hatchling bit by bit letting it take little chunks, close its mouth, and slowly swallow. The hatchling seemed to gain a bit more life as the feeding went on, still frail and shaking but moving.
“Now, you will stay nearby all the way to the cafeteria,” she told them. At the sign of rolled eyes amongst a couple of the boys she took on a wicked grin and leaned in close to the eye-rollers. “If you don’t, I’ll let Melinda take a nip at you; you wouldn’t want that would you?” she whispered. The boys shrunk a bit and quickly shook their heads, “No, Commander Sally.”
“Would you like to see more?” The ambiguous question should have put John off. More of what? More death, more guts and gore like he’d seen on the battlefield? Certainly not, if he ever saw destruction of life on that scale again it’d be all too soon. But action, the prospect of excitement that this strange flatmate seemed to exude, set John’s brain alight. Even with Sally’s warnings to stay away, John couldn’t help but feel a pull to join this frenetic self-proclaimed detective and fall down the rabbit hole chasing after him. The longer the silence between them seemed to stretch the more John felt the call to action, to get up and run, which prompted his response.
John remained right at Hyperion’s head as Molly continued her work once the anesthetic kicked in, stitching the open wound back together with an extra large curved needle. Hyperion’s face eventually did go lax; though his breathing remained a little on the quick and shallow side and he refused to watch Molly now, golden eyes more content with staring unhappily at John. John continued to talk to him, plying him with comforting words and quiet praises. Molly taped the large strips of gauze over the stitches, creating a smaller covering than what Kandahar had done. She checked the area over one more time then hopped off, giving Hyperion’s side a pat as she went.
“Okay, w-when do we t-t-take off?” John stuttered out, hand shaking as he clicked to respond. He laid his head back against Hyperion, trying to breath slowly.
“Fine,” he grumbled, settling into the sand. “I technically stole her. Happy now?” He frowned up at her. She pushed Sherlock with her nose hard enough to topple him over.
“They wanted you,” John said just as quietly, like they were sharing secrets and someone might be able to hear their mental voices. Sherlock hugged a little tighter, feelings of sadness seeping across their contact.
With a kind smile, the crewman patted him on the good shoulder and then turned and jumped out of the crate where his team waited to close the door. As the door slid shut John couldn’t help the image of a tomb door closing on him returning to his mind. John felt the giant dragon moving into place over him, its footsteps shaking the crate minutely. He peaked out the nearest window for one last look at the ground, to have it blocked by a large blue foreleg. John moved over along the wall, crawling until he found an open window and could look out and see the crewmen skittering around the dragon as they secured its cargo to its belly.
. And maybe that was why Sherlock was hurrying them along, the winds were getting chillier and the temperature was dropping further the later it got, maybe he’d managed to expertly read Hyperion’s body language and deduce that he needed to find more suitably heated cover soon. If that was the case John silently thanked Sherlock for it.
“Molly. He doesn’t seem too happy about you,” John finished lamely, glancing back up at his huffing dragon. He had seen human patients who were scared of doctors, certainly, but a creature the size of Hyperion was on a whole other level; a wrong move could end up with Hyperion crushing or biting the cause of fear. Hyperion’s thin-slitted eyes were beginning to scare John. He didn’t want Molly to be hurt if Hyperion decided to strike at her.
“Well come on John,” Sherlock said for the umpteenth time that evening, looking up to notice John hadn’t followed him the last few steps to their destination.
“No, not all of them - or you wouldn’t be thinking so hard and still have the shopping pages open.” Sherlock had shifted sideways at some point, and now had his legs draped over one arm of his chair with his head hanging back over the other.
“Dr. John Watson,” a voice called from the opposite direction. John looked up to see a slim woman with long brunette hair, dressed in a well fitted black suit, stepping out of a black car.
John thought in a moment of nerves, as Lestrade left him standing before them. Lestrade took a seat at the end of the table. John glanced around for Sherlock and found the man had stopped at the top rows of chairs and taken a seat next to the door, as if he were ready to get up and leave at a moments notice.
John saw the intruders first as they changed back into their human forms: the woman, the one he hadn’t seen in almost a week, was standing at the glass again. She stood flanked by a pair of rather sharky, familiar-looking faces. Her face wore a simple smile as she raised a hand and waggled her fingers in a wave, which looked anything but friendly when paired with the dead-eyed stares of the shark men to either side of her.
“It’s the post; the delivery boy always holds the bell a few seconds too long. Mrs Hudson was waiting for something to come from her pen pal in Amsterdam, has been now for the last day or so,” Sherlock said, finally stretching out along the the sofa with a sigh. John stood in the doorway a moment watching Sherlock’s toes flex on the nearby arm. The rider gave another good stretch before settling with one arm still protecting his belly and the other flung dramatically over his eyes.
John murmured reassurances to him with a new level of sorrow squeezing his heart as he realized that the reason Hyperion had injured himself further had been to protect
The two men didn’t blind him with flashlights when the boot opened again; they simply reached in and started dragging him out like fishermen dragging forth an ungainly net of prey. John hit the concrete floor hard, the dual layered plastic around him doing nothing to protect him from the impact.
“Shit,” John muttered, his pace accelerating, reaching for the tag with a speed that nearly unglued the eggy case from the table. Thankfully Sherlock’s laptop was still in the sitting room, since John’s was completely dead and unchargeable without its cables. He nervously tapped at the table as he waited for the computer to power on, looking back at the last text of ‘found killer’ with a fearful knot beginning to grow in his stomach.
When Mary mentioned she’d been assigned to Sherlock a couple of months before John arrived, John braced himself for a tale of unkind words and rudeness, but instead she said that Sherlock treated the nestlings very well. According to her, he gave them things when they did well, presents and snacks and the like. Mary told John that during her time working with him he’d given her a small snowglobe from Italy, a bag of chocolates from some city in Germany, and a big seashell from Malta, along with snacks like candy bars or granola on days when they worked extra hard at something.
“So,” John said, reaching over for the discarded cable. “How’d you know I needed this for starters?”
“But, John,” Sherlock started trying to think of a way to get his life mate to not be distant with him. Sherlock reached out an appendage, devolved down in detail from a hand, to touch John’s clothed arm.
“That’s ‘a sailor’” John corrected, “all the nice girls love a sailor,” and suddenly the stacks of gun and military magazines in the corners of the sitting room made more sense, beyond just being research material or the usual detritus of the flat. Sherlock had a thing for military men, or was it just men in uniform or just the camoflauge that did it for him? John had to stop himself from breaking into a wide grin at the thought until Sherlock spoke again.
“Snuck into a nest that I knew was close to its hatching date,” Sherlock replied, still not looking at John, “I picked an egg at random, I just knew it was a nest of riding dragons, I didn’t care what kind, just one that would be big enough to take me away if I wanted to. The way a hatching ceremony starts is the nest’s den mother taps on the eggs with a soft mallet, stimulates the hatchling inside to move and break the shell and start the hatch properly. I didn’t know the specifics, I’d only seen other hatching ceremonies and knew the people tapped on the eggs. I brought a hammer with me and accidentally cracked her shell. No going back after that.” John watched as Sherlock basically told Bellamy her own origin, as though he were telling her a bedtime story. He could see the softness in Sherlock’s eyes and face as he recounted the memory.
And suddenly there were lips involved, Sherlock’s hands were holding, cradling, the back of John’s head, tilting it up so that Sherlock could come down and plant his lips against John’s. John’s eyes popped wide as though Sherlock’s lovely soft lips had just blown away the grappa haze momentarily.
“Very.” John pressed back into Sherlock and pulled one of his hands up to give the back a kiss, twining their fingers together. It may have been only about mid-day but Sherlock had drawn the curtains and made the room lovely and dim, perfect for falling asleep. John could already feel himself slipping towards it, the only thing keeping him awake now was a niggling thought that maybe Sherlock didn’t particularly want to sleep and John was forcing him to be there.
John quickly straightened up the bed, tossing the bondage items out of sight for the time being. He threw on a pair of pajama pants and grabbed Sherlock’s blue dressing gown off the hook. John picked up the bottle of water he had set aside on the side table just in case Sherlock had needed it afterwards, and stepped out into the hall where the other door to the toilet was. He tested the handle and found that Sherlock hadn’t locked it. He rapped on it lightly as he opened it.
John got an almost erotic shiver up his spine as Sherlock’s curly head turned and those icy eyes locked onto his again with a very clear idea in them.
“Yeah, 3 smaller ones are dead in their eggs, too cold for them even with the heat packs once the car’s heater was off for too long.” John heart sank at the loss of three of the intelligent and sociable creatures; it was hard to think that they didn’t make it out of the egg just because of a stupid smuggler. Hyperion let out a low mournful noise next to him, a small moaning sound in his throat as he bumped John lightly. John leaned into him harder, pushing calm across the bond ‘shh, its okay’.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, seeming to only just realize what he’d done and not sure what to say about it. “Bit not good?” he asked looking at John out of the corner of his eye like he wasn’t sure if John wanted to face him after the error.
