Sherlock fell silent. John was vibrating with barely controlled rage suddenly, and Sherlock had absolutely no idea why. Terrified to set him off, he crossed to the windows, creaked them open. He heard the click of a lighter behind him, and turned to see John with a cigarette dangling between his lips, eyes closed, taking a long drag. John had never smoked. John hated smoking.
It’s a bone pipe, intricately carved, well-used, and clearly an antique. Sherlock’s immediately more awake. This looks...familiar. He picks it up and turns it over and over in his good hand, running his fingertips over the engravings, the tobacco stains. John watches him curiously.
He rubbed his face against Sherlock’s chest, darted his tongue out to lick at one hard nipple. Sherlock arched, lifting his hips into John's. John shook his face against Sherlock's chest, scraped his teeth lightly over his nipple and sucked. That was all it took to push Sherlock over the precipice. It was ice and flames, coursing through his veins and over his quivering skin, in silver and glittering black, and he was crying out John’s name as his cock twitched and pulsed, spilling hot over his own stomach. John's head was tilted down, watching Sherlock’s release, having stilled his hips. He hovered, arms shaking, until Sherlock was wrung out and collapsed, whimpering, to the bed.
Knowing Jim's habit of sleeping until past noon, Sherlock had made sure to leave before sunrise, stepping quietly through a London that belonged only to street kids and city workers; swirling leaves, leftover beer bottles and empty crisp bags, the air not yet rife with soot and exhaust, but the sweet smells of night blooming flowers and fresh fruit stalls. He walked down the embankment, drawn incessantly to the river, until smooth concrete gave way to crooked cobblestones. He looked up, having been lost in thought, to see the uneven outline of the Tower against the blue black sky. He hung a right at Traitor's Gate and then slipped catlike down into the damp darkness of St Mark's.
“Mmmmm. It’s freezing in here.” Sherlock’s throaty morning voice rumbles against John’s vertabrae, his dry lips dragging soft over sensitive skin.
He wakes up panting from the last one, the image of Mycroft’s cocaine dusted nose still burned in his retinas. He blinks and tries to acclimate himself, remember where he is. The sun is shining bright through the curtains, it must be at least nine in the morning.
"I know you think vanilla is a funny safeword, but that's important. If you need me to stop, it needs to be something we'll both recognise as out of the moment we're in, okay?"
“I feel that way. I feel like I blundered into this with my eyes closed and just completely did it all wrong. I’ve always made everything about you. Even us, even our marriage, our lives.”
"You're not. You've been through a massive amount of trauma and recovery is not linear. I don't expect you to just get better every day without regression."
John looks down at the pile of silver and then up at Sherlock. His chest hurts. "You don't want them anymore?"
He picked up his phone. No texts. He set it down again, stood up, now feeling antsy, and strode to the window, hoping to see Sherlock’s tall figure loping across Baker Street from the tube station. Nothing. Deserted street, the streetlamps just beginning to flicker on. He closed the curtains with a snap, ruffled his hands through his hair.
“Okay, okay, yeah,” John muttered, breathless. He twisted and fumbled in the bedside drawer, and then he was pressing a half empty sticky bottle of lube into Sherlock’s hand.
That flayed open feeling returns, the sensation that his body is too small to contain everything that’s happening inside him. His skin feels too tight. It’s not about coming, it’s not about sex, he realises. It’s about belonging to each other, like John said. It’s about allowing himself to feel terrifyingly exposed, and trusting John with that.
Sherlock sighed and settled, his body calm, his mind at peace. He drifted to sleep in John's arms, dreaming of pipe tobacco and corduroy jackets.
John was uncomfortably thankful to see him. At least it was a familiar face. A flicker of something else, another familiar face, sparked in the back of his mind, but he couldn’t quite hold on to it. The idea of it was left, someone familiar and comforting, murmured words, but no, it was...too ephemeral.
Sherlock slides John's jeans and pants over his hips, bunching them at his ankles, and then moulds himself against John's back. The night air is cold against John's bare skin where Sherlock's coat doesn't fall over him. There's a fumbling of knuckles and fingernails nicking at him, a rustle of fabric, the clink of a belt buckle hitting the concrete, and Sherlock's hard velvet smooth cock is laying flush in the crease of John's arse. It feels gloriously filthy, his body responding to Sherlock before his brain can catch up to what's happening. He arches into Sherlock's embrace, groans in his throat while keeping his lips pressed tightly together to try and contain the noise.
“Yeah, alright.” Fumbling, one-handed, the clink of the metal lid not fitting, and Sherlock gives up immediately, throws the whole damned thing to the floor while his legs fall open and John laughs and laughs into the hollow of his shoulder.
Jim's hand flies to his chest and he bows forward. "I'd love to stand here in the doorway all night, but I would hate you to catch a chill, darling. You are a bit underdressed. Let's get you inside to warm up. Shall I put on the kettle?"
“Yeah.” Sherlock whispers, letting go of John’s wrist and reaching out with both hands to touch John’s stomach, his chest, to rub his palms over his thighs. He can’t stop touching him.
Sherlock’s face hardens briefly, as if he’s going to argue, and then goes slack and shocked. “What?”
"I don't know why you're holding back from me. We've talked about this, more than once. We're married. We love each other. I'm not afraid of you." Sherlock puts his hands on either side of John's head, ducks his head down so they're eye to eye. "Were you afraid of me last night?"
"You're my husband. Why shouldn't you tell me I look lovely?" Sherlock's eyebrow ticks up, amused, and a fractional amount of weight lifts from John's shoulders.
Sherlock laves at his throat, dragging his tongue roughly over his Adam’s apple, pressing into the hollow of his jaw, sucking warm raspberry flavoured skin between his teeth. The vague grit of glitter spreads across his palate as he trails his tongue down to circle around one pink nipple. John shivers against him, and twists his fingers in his hair.
Sherlock puts his other hand on John's thigh, behind him, and folds his feet under John's calves and rocks again, John's cock sliding slick against his arse, and they both moan, Sherlock's head falling back as his mouth falls open.  John puts his hands back on Sherlock's hips, and pushes a little, getting him in the spot where -
“You’re wearing my dressing gown.” Sherlock smiles, beaming affection and warmth, and draws his thumb over John’s bottom lip. “You
Sherlock turns, eyes big and round, hair tousled from sleep. Something's crackling between them, something John would normally identify as just needing a good shag, but this feels tetchy, fragile.
Tender pride swells in John’s chest watching Sherlock, his long hands gesturing animatedly as he spins his stories.
Sherlock had recently been objecting more stringently about John’s work habits. John left early and stayed late, and wasn’t available for cases the way he’d once been. There was no need, Sherlock insisted. They made more than enough money from cases.
Sherlock waved away John's irritation with a flip of his hand. "So what. I'm collecting data. All you have to do is sit there. I'm the one thinking."
He turns to where Sherlock is licking biscuit crumbs from his fingers like a five year old. Affection surges through and around him, affection so profound that it physically aches. This man whose IQ is unmeasurable, who wears £1000 suits and spends hours making sure his hair looks perfect - he is also the man who scrounges round the flat in dirty dressing gowns and twenty year old pyjamas, who curls like a cat between John’s legs just so John will pet his hair and call him baby, and who is currently licking melted chocolate off his thumb.
John shakes his head briskly, swallows down the lump in his throat. “Yeah, I’m fine,” He sets the spoon down on the counter and his glasses on top of his head, hands Sherlock his cup. “Sorry.”
“You’re becoming a sentimental old sod, you know that? This place is getting to you, too, I think. Something about Scotland...I don’t know. It always brings out - something - in people. Or in me, anyway. I had forgotten.”
Disappointment sinks cold as a river stone in his stomach. He glances up at the crowded cobblestone street, at the row of shops across. A fortnight before Christmas, and all of Covent Garden is swarming with people, brightly coloured bags dangling, scarves wrapped tight around their throats, laughing and talking. A light snow is falling, sparkling in the mid afternoon sunshine.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” John reaches over and turns out the light, rolls on his back and brings Sherlock with him. Sherlock’s head fits into the curve of John’s shoulder, their legs slide together, bare feet rubbing, bodies locking into place as though they were created just for this singular purpose.
Then John’s slicked fingers were sliding up the insides of my thighs, and I gasped, trying desperately not to take hold of myself to ease the steadily building pressure. We had time, we had privacy, and we rarely had either. I wanted to draw this out, worship each other. I dug my nails into the buttery soft leather and forced myself not to rut against the chair.
Sherlock sat back on folded legs, and set the bowl of water between them on John’s lap. John allowed Sherlock to tilt his head back, lather his neck, gently scrape the straight blade over his throat and his chin, hold his skin taut with two fingers as he shaved over his cheeks. “This is real trust, you know. How do I know you’re not skipping bits to make me look like a nutter?”
“Sherlock. Listen. Yesterday was - “ John looks soft and unsure, his eyes tired. “It was amazing. It was, the best sex I’ve ever had, truthfully. And that is saying quite a lot.”
Suddenly he wants a cigarette so badly he can't bear it. He's reached in his pocket and pulled out the pack before he even knows what he's doing. A hand closes over his.
"The first time I really - " he falls back over Sherlock's chest, kisses at his neck as Sherlock's hands move ceaselessly over his back and his arms, squeezing at his biceps and the tops of his shoulders, " - let myself was the night we fought about my blog and and I went to Sarah's. The night he - blew up the building across the street."
John pulls off once Sherlock’s stopped bucking his hips and shaking. His stomach actually hurts from how hard he came, feels cramped and aching. He curls his knees up, legs trembling. John kisses his way up Sherlock’s chest and nudges their noses together. Sherlock turns his head, heavy and drunk with endorphins, to meet John’s mouth. He tastes like come and sweat and Sherlock, and it’s intoxicating.
Days passed in a vacuum. The world ceased to exist outside of the hospital routine of blood pressures being taken, nurses fussing with bandages and changing the sheets,
“Oh. I’m a wonderful dancer. Used to all the time, before. I want to dance with you. Will you? Please?” He doesn’t normally talk this way. He knows he sounds childish and needy. He’s just high enough to not have control over exactly what he says but not high enough to not notice. He’s still mulling this over and suddenly John’s pulling him up the steps out of St Mark’s, Sherlock tripping over his own feet.
Sherlock’s still trembling when he arches his hips, grinds them in a little circle, encouraging John to take what he wants. John acquiesces, because John always acquiesces to Sherlock, because what Sherlock wants is what John wants. He wraps one short, strong arm around Sherlock’s chest and buries his face in the salty curve of his neck while Sherlock whispers
“Never stop saying that.” John leans back, runs his hands over Sherlock’s back, and steps away. “Now that’s our first fight out of the way, let’s go check on our money.”
He wrapped his other hand now around both of us, thumb tracing a pattern over the slippery heads of our cocks, and we stiffened further, so hard and hot against each other I could barely stand how good it felt. I melted against him, submitting entirely to the sweep of his tongue into my mouth, kissing him back messily, hungrily, as though I was a starving man and kissing him was my only sustenance.
Sighing heavily, John pulled his hand away and pushed at Sherlock's shoulder. "Sit up. I need to look at you."
Sherlock takes John’s hand as they emerge from the alley and threads their dirty, sticky fingers together. John looks at his watch. Barely 3:30. Only a half hour has passed since Sherlock dragged him off the sidewalk, but it may as well be a lifetime. He doesn’t know what’s wrong with him. His absolutely gorgeous husband just shagged him senseless against a wall, and they're walking home hand in hand, and everything should feel perfect. Instead, everything feels different. He’s silent on the walk home. Sherlock keeps watching him, surreptitiously, and John can practically
"Jesus, Sherlock. That's. That's. I'm so. I'm a little lost for words, sorry. Give me a second to - process that." A door's been unlocked for John. A room full of the why's and wherefores of this, never really understanding why Sherlock responded the way he did to John's praise, to his commanding nature. He feels like he's at least got his toe in the door of that secret room now.
John's confused now. Maybe Sherlock hates pet names, endearments. In fact, thinking about it, yes. That seems exactly the kind of thing Sherlock would find
“I will release you, but you must reveal the accounts where the money is hidden,” I say. “The unsavory group you’ve found yourself aligned with most likely would have found you and silenced you no matter what the outcome. You are most fortunate in that regard. As we speak, the men who abducted you have been secured.”
Mycroft stations his umbrella like a guard and stands straight at attention against the arm of the chair. With a sniff, Mycroft moves the replacement Union Jack pillow aside. John and I sit down together on the couch. We’re so close that our thighs touch.
“I will. After.” I don’t thank him. He’s part of the reason why. I stuff the mobile back in my coat pocket.
Sherlock slaps another mosquito. John's secretly happy that they seem to really love his blood and leave John alone. Actually, he can see why they view him as a preferable meal. Tender flesh. Sweet tasting.
John purses his lips together as he pulls the trigger. A crack rings out as John shoots a board in one of the men’s hands. The three of them jump back from the flying splinters.
"I seen some of em waltzin' out behind the back. Heard em gruntin' and moanin' and fuckin' away. Mos' disgusting thing I ever heard," said the other.
Sherlock threw his shoulder back and looked James in the face, but he still refused to give James the pleasure of any reaction.
I’ve done this during our entire relationship, kept information from him. I still hold back deductions until the very last. At first it was because I loved seeing how astonished and impressed he was when I was correct. Then it was because I didn’t want to think I could ever be wrong. I could call that a Holmes family trait. Others would rightly label it a flaw. It’s a sad fact that as a Holmes we can never let others believe we are uncertain or wrong. Why must we always be certain? I am pleased with myself that I’ve been able to let that part of me go. There have been moments I let John know we were what John calls “winging it.” I do that often now, but I can not when it comes to anything that involves Mary.
"Well, don't. Do it, that is. I want you clear-headed, and I don't care if you think it makes you focus. It doesn't. You are already a mad genius. You don't need something that makes you think you're invincible."
It was possible. Sherlock could break into any place on campus. He told John it was easy. All Sherlock had to do was break into the residence hall, pull the files, and change the assignment.
"I see you do." John sat up straight and pushed his biology text to the side. "From the way you shuffle and talk about it, I bet you've gambled a bit."
Most of the students had cleared the hall by now. The only few remaining were suck-ups or brown-nosers hoping to charm to the prof.
"Still, it wasn't enough. He became greedy. He took artwork. To cover the thefts and explain the missing pieces, he had you write a note to your father."
I could have stopped it. I knew Mary was dangerous. Time slowed as Mary raised the gun, aimed at my chest, but then John stepped between us. I threw out my arm to push him out of the way, but it was too late. She fired and placed the bullet meant for me through his heart. Frantically I put pressure on the chest wound, breathed air into his collapsed lung, and between gasps I begged Mary to call for an ambulance.
He'd almost decided to leave, but just before he turned around, he spotted a movement, there, deeper in the dark. Sherlock saw
As unresponsive as she was, I attempted to teach her to waltz, thinking I could reach her, but she stood immovable. Her arms limply hanging from her sides, her feet refusing to take one step, she stared through me as if I was not there.
The stranger's low groans were mixed with the sound of crickets and the echoes of traffic whooshing down the highway. With a last grunt, John thrust and shot his release.
Even if John says he disapproves, John’s eyes tell Sherlock that if roles were reversed, John would indeed help his brother.
“It’s a cocktail,” he says to her. He needs to know of what drugs. His mind has found twenty-five possible combinations, but he can’t narrow down the data.
“They told me if I didn’t come to 221B Baker Street and give the famous Sherlock Holmes a letter that they would make me and mine disappear.”
He was even more annoyed with me after I said that. It may be why he didn’t tell me she hugged him or gave him her number.
“I want to help pay for the renovations.” John blurts out. He reaches for my hand and grabs it tight. He gives it two squeezes to reassure me.
We’re sitting in the living area where over the last weeks I spend most of my time. I prefer the sofa and John takes his usual well-worn wingback chair. I typically lounge about and throw my legs up on the sofa and lie back with my head on his faded Union Jack pillow.
Sherlock raises up on to his hands and knees, and folds down onto his elbows. He knows it’s an invitation John can’t ignore. John’s hands trail up the back of Sherlock’s thighs, over what John calls “his plush arse” and gives a gentle squeeze. John sucks in a deep breath, as he eases Sherlock’s cheeks apart. Sherlock moans in anticipation. He’s waiting for John. Waiting. He’s imagined this scene enough.
Sherlock reminded himself to remain silent throughout the remainder of the film. He busied himself reading Mary and divining her motives, then reading the lives of the people seated near them.
Sherlock turned back to the public lavatories and walked into the stall to see what the man had left behind besides the pen. There was a note scratched in ink on the wall. This was the invitation he'd been waiting for. The man seemed young, innocuous, clean. Perfect for an anonymous encounter.
He expected it. He’d watched the nurse on call carefully— a young man too stupid to deceive Sherlock, yet he hadn’t seen it happen. Conclusion: IV was tagged and tainted when the nurse hooked up the bag.
Despite being angry, John breathes in the ocean air and sighs at the cloud-puffed sky. This is so much better than the tub he was on.
Getting back to my puzzlings on how and why we were here, the answer occurred to me. "Of course!" I said. "This is all a part of Mycroft's cloak-and-dagger shenanigans."
They prepare tea and toast in silence. It’s almost domestic. So normal. Yet this man who sits across from him who is anything but normal.
“I believe I’m in a paradox of sorts,” Sherlock begins. “I wanted to remember and now that I do, I am less certain of who I really am.”
“Nice ta see you again,” he says as he turns around and smiles. I also remember that. His false smile and the gold tooth.
“Um. Good morning. Bit early for orientation?” John attempts to refocus attention away from why he’s fallen asleep in a patient’s room.
Despite his words, Moriarty's voice was hungry. Looking back much later, Sherlock recognized that his tone was not at all like Sherlock's detached demeanor at a crime scene.
His roommate had come to college prepared. Sherlock slipped the capo and pick inside the compartment, replaced the guitar, and shut the case. He carefully returned it alongside the dresser. Not exactly in the same spot.
“Purple prose is not a compliment, Sherlock,” John says straight faced, which worries Sherlock. He’d expected John to trying to throttle him at this point. Instead, John is eating his toast and sipping his coffee between intermittent outbursts and sputters.
“Very well, John.” He spins around with a dancer’s grace, dressing gown billowing behind him as he retreats. Even half asleep, John can appreciate William.
"Bungalow it is," John says, and they push on through the dense vegetation. It's not too far and Sherlock makes short work of the lock. The inside looks much the same as the larger research hut that's near the boat.
“Okay, William Hawkins I Think. I’ll write an order for pain medication, and I’ll pop in after my rounds.”
“He killed Redbeard, you know, not intentionally. He was careless. Sherlock is often careless,” she continued. “He’s responsible for you being here right now.”
It could be worse. He could be in another country instead of a few miles away from John. One thing he didn’t want to be was a man like the old fisherman. He didn’t want to become a man filled with regrets and what-ifs.
Mary and Eurus. I have not completely worked out the link. I am unsure how John will react to what I know. I must be certain before I speak.
They leave the room and Mike pulls John aside by the arm. “Molls said she wanted me to tell her as soon as our mystery doctor became conscious. Do I?”
“If I never remember, then no one will have the key to re-creating or mutating Pandora. Problem solved. If you shoot me, then problem solved too.”
Sherlock adjusted the fine focus on the microscope. He jotted down some notes, then looked into the eyepiece again, refusing to give James the satisfaction of his full attention. He heard James dragging a stool next to him. He sat down.
He closed his eyes, then opened the paper. He slowly opened them and reluctantly began to read. Sweat broke out on his forehead. It was at that same rest area, 818. A man killed and the body found behind the building in the brush—probably not far from where he and that stranger had had sex...
“You’ve managed to stay out of all the teaching, haven’t you? I knew there was a reason you dated Beca,” Mike teases.
. Pandora flipped the whole world into chaos, my body had no problem pulling itself together. I got to be a surgeon again, and I lost everything else. So don’t go telling me that you’re a damned murderer because you stand and watch. Sometimes we have no choice but to watch. We can’t help people. Not always. And if they’re already dead, what do we do? So what if a crime scene gets you pumped up! You saw Molly. She’s not any different from you.”
He's shown to his bunk in a dingy hole of an inside cabin with no windows or ventilation. It's hot, damp, and stinks of rank bedding and mildew.
The bees buzz around their heads. One blue and green butterfly lights on John’s shoulder, and Sherlock’s eyes alight like a child’s. They look over the exotic and some common flora such as roses that John recognizes. The pots in rows, immaculately organized. Sherlock removes his Belstaff, and John his jumper, his undershirt riding up his stomach doesn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock.
Molly returns and brings him out of his fantasies. She takes one look at the body and exclaims, “Sherlock, come here! This is not a heart attack.”
“Brian’s Song” came out in 1971 and is one of the very best of ABC Movies of the week (in my opinion and many critics). It's about two pro American football players for the Chicago Bears (dah, Bears…), and their deep friendship. The story is told through Gale Sayers (played by Billy Dee Williams) about his friend, Brian Piccolo (played by James Caan), who was diagnosed with terminal cancer after turning pro in 1965. The movie chronicles their friendship until Piccolo’s death in 1970. It’s a real tear jerker (and the theme song "The Hands of Time” has become a standard). Here's a the trailer:
“Stay there and don’t move!” Moran barked at Sherlock when he tried to struggle up. “If you don’t, I’ll put a hole in the brilliant brain.”
As he reaches the buildings, he’s hidden near the west side. Plenty of abandoned asphalt spilling out like a lake with grass breaking through in tiny islands. Easy to hide himself behind sheds and barrels— or anyone else for that matter. He watches for movement between two warehouse build only a few feet apart. He sees a few homeless people near burning barrels, warming their hands. A red scarf is tied around one of their wrists. A signal. Sophy is here.
“Chicago.” She slid her hands across the counter. “I was talking to Professor Doyle only yesterday about you. We’re supposed to work together on the induced-stress lab. I’d hoped we could get started today on the initial research the professor wanted us to look over, but I have to fill in for Stephanie and man this boring desk. She came down with something.” She rolled her eyes.
He would think it would be some sort of French name, not Spanish. He recalls that it means hope or expectation. What does that bloody mean?
Now they were on an island together. No one there to know. No one there to judge. No one there but them.
I recall a day not long after, I began taking the suppressants—I knew little of the sacrifice or the cost to my family at the time. Years later I was relieved to be able to transmute rare elements and prepare my own suppressants. Of course the elements needed were hard to procure and at tremendous cost to family physically and monetarily.
"That would be the place. It's dark. After hours, I suppose," Moriarty said to Sherlock. He nodded to Anderson. "I would think that you might pick up that little crime kit of yours and do something productive."
It all made sense. She could remember things that happened long ago—all the stories she was told about her home, the paintings, she could easily recall, but not the recent past.
Everyone seems to have forgotten he's in here except for his jailer with the daisy tattoo. She brings meals and ignores all his questions. He keeps demanding to speak with someone in charge. She finally brings in one of the French crewmen who only speaks a bit of English.
Sherlock almost hates himself for being here in the flat. Almost. He should stay as far away from John Watson as possible. Sherlock feels he’s not good for John. But he can’t stop himself. In hospital, John never left him. Not for a second. After his heart almost stopped, it became so slow, that John told him, they’d thought they were going to lose him on three occasions. But he came back. Sherlock believes John is the miracle that saved him. He’s always there. He closes his eyes and sees him, John Watson, the faithful magnet to which Sherlock is inevitably drawn. John makes him want to be a better person. Sherlock wants to be more for him. He promises himself that he will be a better man. For John. But more, for himself.
“It has to be someone who knows Eurus,” John muses. “Someone who wants to mess with your head. You sure it’s not something to do with Moriarty or Moran?”
“I agree, but it will never happen unless attitudes change. It’s still illegal for single Omega’s to take suppressants.”
John inched his way across the room to the bed. He slung off his coat and tossed it at the bottom. Sherlock was tempted to pick it up for him, but that might be too much.
"Keep it. It's on Mycroft." His eyes grew wide. "And you ordered crisps. I love crisps. Much better than those Pringles."
"Shhh." John lays his finger on Sherlock's lips. "I won't bring him up again if you'll kiss me some more."
Sherlock remembers taking himself in hand when he was a teen, recalling that the experience was as much mental as physical— fantasy the very essence of the erotic excitement.
“This would mean that the only way to save the world was to unleash Pandora. How did you get this information?”
John eyes widen as he swipes the copy of Back Door Boys from Sherlock’s hand. John’s cheeks and neck turn red. Sherlock heart begins to thud against his chest.
I walk along the wall, hands feeling the rough texture of the unusual dry-wall pattern. It’s in geometric shapes in various sizes.
“He’s asked for my help,” Sherlock says simply and takes a bite of his fried bread dipped in egg yoke. The hearty fry up John provided this morning is much more than Sherlock is used eating in one sitting, but not wanting to insult John’s gesture, Sherlock stuffs in another mouthful.
"Yes, I suppose. I don't have direct evidence that my mental map is fictional. It may still provide a clue as to when I was here. Maybe even for what. You’re here running from your past. Is that what I was doing?”
“The dream again? Was that when he was in the apple barrel or walking the plank? What in the bloody hell does that even mean?”
"We're doing an experiment in biology and comparing the decomposition of five different types of organic matter," John blurted out.
Suddenly the sky opens up and it's raining. Hard. It beats him and whips up the water, but it's not the cold rain of London. It's like a pummeling warm shower. He races back to his boat. The upside is that the rain has washed the sweat and sand from him.
John’s head jerked up the moment he heard Moriarty’s voice on the other side of the door. When Sherlock’s voice answered, John’s heart sank:
“Yes, well, none taken. I guess. Anyway, Mr. Beefcake has stumped us for weeks! You know how much I hate undetermined cause of death? William Hawkins knew! Immediately!”
Only a few feet from the pool’s deep end, Sherlock stepped closer to John. He needed to break the spell.
“Mr. Holmes,” Thomas says, “I must insist! I’ll ask Lt. Lestrade to escort you away if you don’t stop aggravating my patient.”
"It is,” says Magnus. “From this time on, no circle will you need to transform. You will summon the elements without it. You are the circle. You will learn that it is not for you to determine what the exchange shall be.”
“If he wishes to come with us, I would like that very much. But I wasn’t serious when I said his name should be Tuna,” Sherlock yawns, “He needs an appropriate name. One that fits him. Names are important.”
“I needed some sort of leverage. It’s the end result that matters. I’ve handed Mycroft to you now. Can I at least get off my knees, the floor is disgusting.”
No, he'd never lifted a hand to his mom, and no, he'd never said one mean word. But she was no longer there to him. To John, his father's apathy and neglect were far worse than any overt domestic violence. It was never the same after that night. He was more drunk than sober. All the time.
“I hate you,” she says. Each word she utters is punctuated by a sucking sound coming from her chest wound.
"John, come back. Without a life or death situation, our union will never come to pass." He wasn't making much sense. Or maybe he was just too hard to understand with his teeth chattering.
“You said you don’t remember who you are, but do you remember anything prior to the injury? Anything at all about your life?”
A warmth crept into Sherlock's chest and spread throughout his body. He felt, what was it that he felt. He recalled how Moriarty had once called Sherlock his soulmate. The man had been highly mistaken. No. Here sitting in front of Sherlock was his true soulmate: an unobtrusive, aspiring doctor with a charming smile and brilliant blue eyes, who would walk unafraid next to him.
Deciding he had found them all—at least in this area—he carried them with him back to his cabin. He was almost certain that Mother Nature would cover his trail, but to be safe, he decided to cover them. He cut a nice fat white pine branch and swished the snow around, wiping away his tracks. He also took the long way home, sweeping evidence away as he went. Sherlock hooked his arms through the chains of the iron traps. They swung and clanged together echoing off the hills as he carefully avoided the drifts.
As he inspects Blackwood, he scans the room for clues. A struggle. All that was once on top of his desk, is on the floor, the side desk drawer is open with a service revolver still in place. His mind unravels it. A frame. Not for Sophy, but him. It’s all too clear. She thinks he’ll be completely dependent on her now. To hide him from authorities, keep him, manipulate him. Blackwood knew his killer, that is certain. Then he sees the wound on his neck. A scratch. The killer broke a nail. He runs his hands and inspects the floor. Nothing. Then he remembers, the woman at the desk with the freshly done nails.
Every day the mailman disappointed him. As the postman’s car drove away, John would walk out to the mailbox, expecting a plain envelope with a cryptic message inside. None arrived. Ma Bell disappointed as well. Each time the phone rang, John rushed to it, expecting to hear that deep baritone on the other end—or at least the silence or a hint or something.
As the days wind along with still no Sherlock and still no more footprints in the sand, he decides he must be alone. He picks the lock on one of the bungalows for entertainment. He's happy to find sunglasses and some containers to carry water, but no sign of Sherlock.
When his true love follows Joe in his new body, Sherlock wondered if there was something in his eyes as well.
“My only choice was to hide myself inside one of the twelve chambers of varied sizes that were neatly lined up in the laboratory. I hid in the smallest. I locked myself inside the air-tight isolation containment chamber, a remnant of my family's legacy, sealing myself inside. I held onto the hope that way they would not know I was inside, but they didn’t leave. I continued to hear the banging and muffled shouts as they searched.”
“You are welcome.” William sits up a bit more in bed. “The detective mentioned he was here yesterday to speak to me, but you told him I was in having an MRI.”
My real hand reaches around to the back of my head. Relief washes over me. The modicum tempus is gone. No incision. That means this doctor is also an alchemist. My deduction was correct.
"All the work study arrangements have been made through Sebastian Moran," he said and licked his fingertips. "I haven't seen Moriarty again since I ran into him."
For two hours, Sherlock paced the room. He needed Mycroft to call back before John returned. It had taken Mycroft all of three hours, and John
John holds back his laugh. While he wants an explanation, he loves how Sherlock is smirking. The cat meows, and Sherlock gives him an appreciative scratch on the head. Mycroft rolls his eyes.
“Why, yes, quite ready for it to end. And no, I don’t have surgeries scheduled on Sundays unless there’s an emergency.”
John thought. That did not bode well. Despite the haze in his head, John knew he was in deep trouble. He didn’t believe it, would never believe Sherlock would harness a live bomb to him.
Looking back, it was impossible for John not to respond. He was trained on the battlefield to save lives—it’s instinctive, yet he never lifted a finger, not even taking her pulse. I couldn’t say those words to him, but I didn’t have to. It was in his face.
He’s out of the loo and the git it sitting on the couch folded up as tight as some of the scrub he wears. John takes a seat across from him in his usual plaid wingback, hands clutching the arm cushions. He looks down at his lap, thinking. He’s still half awake, but he conscious of Will’s intense eyes on him. It’s hard to look into their depths and see such pain and confusion.
We feed the ducks and swans. John and I sit next to each other on a bench and watch Rosie toss in the crumbs of bread. John says that the bright blue skies with wispy cirrus clouds seem to watch from above. When I was a child, like many children I would see animals in the shapes of them. Now I only note them to ascertain if I can predict rain.
He leaves, taking the elevator to one of the lower floors, gets out and then continues down through the stairwell. Sophy knows he’s on camera. The front desk already called security on him. He hears people moving all around. Searching. His fingerprints are everywhere thanks to no gloves.
“This is beautiful spot for lunch,” John agrees. The wind whips John’s sandy hair, and Sherlock thinks the colors echo the cliffs beneath them.
“Don’t you mean how shall we help?” John interrupts. “I’m not letting you do this without your doctor.”
He had to see. Sherlock crawled to the edge of his bed again and looked over as John called his name once more.
"It's not that easy. The evidence is only circumstantial. No charges have been levied. I was working with Inspector Lestrade of the Scotland Yard—but Moriarty blocked us at every turn. James Moriarty is more than just a serial killer, John. I am afraid that he's much more than that."
"Well, yeah. I did sit with her. And walked her to her next class, but that's not who I ran into. It was the associate professor I'm going to be working with for the work study program," John had blurted out. "Along with Sebastian Moran. But he wasn't there...I mean I didn't run into Moran, only the associate professor. The one I'm going to be working with." John bit his lip. Why was he suddenly so tongue tied? "He's English too, well, Moran is,
“You’re doing fine. You’re opening like a flower. If you want to grind down on my hand, go right ahead. Keep working your cock. You look so incredible. I love you.”
No hesitation. John blinks, puts his arm around my waist, and guides me. We hobble up the stairs together. Drunk, injured, or sick, it’s a repeat of so many other times we’ve leaned on each and climbed these stairs.
“Right,” John says, clearing his throat. “We’ll get who ever did it, but for now, you need more rest, no traipsing around Cardiff looking for Ms. Kratides or the bloody jumper killer.
A few CT scans and Dr. Watson determines the most probable cause. Severe head trauma. One old trauma, one new. Skull fracture. Past hemorrhaging and cerebral edema remain.  He’s seen men with massive head injuries walking around, unphased. He’s seen men with a bump, die. It’s all a matter of where and how the pressure prevents blood from flowing to the brain and how deprived of the oxygen the brain is. Swelling also blocks other fluids from leaving the brain, making the swelling even worse. The clots are another issue, but at least they are small This seems to be the case here. John doesn’t know what permanent damage that’s been done, but fortunately they can now give him medication to treat the swelling and possible clotting. A second MRI reveals the medication is working and the edema has lessened.
“No, I wasn’t.” He smiles at Sherlock, and takes his finger and traces his jawline. Sherlock’s amazed at how such endearing actions come natural to John. He hopes he can do the same. John shakes his head as he repeats himself. “I was one fucked up man.  After my family died, I’d wake up every morning and wish I was dead along with them, and I prayed for Pandora to take me. I only got out of bed because I thought some people needed me. I had nothing. When you came into my life, first you were a puzzle I chased. Then you made me hold on. And when I couldn’t hold on any longer, you pulled me up.”
“I will lay the groundwork, John. Then I will go to see Lestrade. It may get messy. I rather you weren’t there.”
"You were highly recommended to me through the work study program. I trust this recommendation was not amiss. I hope today isn't any indication of how you plan to conduct yourself."
“It’s been brief. For the most part I was searching for who I was and found that there are hundreds of thousands looking for loved ones in London alone, but nothing about me.”
Thank you to the following people who get honorable mentions and  so kindly suggesting really awesome names for our cat in the story. It was really difficult for Sherlock to make a choice. He did narrow it down, then chose one. He's no longer Tuna:
“I know John, usually you have left by this time and met up with Molly and Mike. Today, you are picking them up in Mike’s car. Might I suggest allowing Mike to drive after picking him up?”
“I backlogged a few new posts,” Sherlock explains. “She will see how valuable you are to me, read some interesting revelations regarding my past memories, and...considering what I’ll tell Lestrade, I expect her to abduct you.”
“You checked on me last night,” Will says. “Thank you.” The word sounds as if it’s foreign to Will, which makes John a bit sad. It also makes him wonder what he remembered. He wants to help him find out who he is. Make life manageable. He's not sure how he's going to do it, but he thinks he's the one to try.
She spun around with a spring in her step. John watched her hips sway as she walked down the hallway. Nice legs, but there was something intangible about her that also intrigued him.
He picks up the hollowed book and opens it— the skeleton key still inside. He packs it away with his trousers.
He goes in quietly— although he’s sure Mrs. Hudson has already seen him with Anthea in the black sedan. No doubt she’ll tell John when he gets home. He climbs the stairs and opens the door with his key.
She steals little sidelong glances at Will, but he stares studiously out of the window on his side, in the corner of his eye a small flare of setting sun reflects off gunmetal side of Mr. Eyebrows shades. His own skull feels like it’s about to pop—  he can’t think as clearly as he needs to. The driver is still angry. Interesting how he came to her defense. He realizes now where they’re at. He turns the car and pulls to the front of the 221b.
I wondered if the cold were affecting my perception. Certainly Sherlock couldn't be making a move on me?
“John!” Will jumps to polite attention. His anxiety amplifies with John in the room. The Sister takes the signed papers from Will’s hand and looks at Dr. Watson oddly.
I understand why she withdrew. I have done it myself—in an effort to think or escape. Brain scans reveal that her mind is active, but greatly altered from its previous state. Weeks before during my time with her, parts of her brain came alive. The orbital cortex, where ethical behavior, impulse control, and moral decision-making reside, started to light up. Now, it was asleep along with most of her mind. Mycroft and her doctors suggested that these new feelings may have been why. Feeling proved too much. She could not reject or overlook it. Cognitive dissonance could never happen in her mind. If she was able to feel pain, pleasure, or love, her past actions became a tsunami she could no longer ignore.
John has always wanted to swim in the altogether. If there would ever be a time to do it unobserved, this is it. It's mid-day when he finally strips off his shorts and tank top to cautiously enter the lagoon. It cools his sunburn, soothes the itch from the mosquito bites. The fish swim around him, unafraid in the pristine water. John can't help but be in awe of it all. This is truly a paradise, albeit a lonely one.
He can't sleep and it seems as though neither can Sherlock. John tumbles out of his empty berth. Through the hatch he sees Sherlock sitting on the foredeck in the moonlight. His knees are drawn up, and he's hugging them into his chest.
It’s what the folders don’t contain that he targets his attention upon: An operation like this would take a large staff of trained chemists. It would take large, modern laboratories. It’s implied from the findings of these experiments, that these are already in place. He recognizes instantly the ties to the serial murders. But those men weren’t chemists, they were pharmaceutical salesmen. Legitimate. Or maybe not so legitimate.
“Part of this I learned when I was with Ms Kratide’s. The other? I think somethings may be returning from that night.”
John rolled out of his bed in frustration. Feet planted on the floor, he stretched up to see a Sherlock Holmes, flat on his back with his eyes peacefully shut and fingers angelically steepled under his chin.
"You're living in Michigan: you will be. Something tells me you're going to be a wonderful partner." He patted Sherlock on the back.
“Amazing. I bit of dodging, kicking, and punching. You said you used alchemy without a circle. How?”
Sherlock pushes into his arse, probing inside, his own hips keeping up their own rhythm. The angle they're at is awkward and the penetration isn’t quite as deep as John would have liked, but it's Sherlock, and his long talented fingers. Hearing Sherlock panting and feeling the heat of Sherlock's cock press against his leg has to be one of the hottest experiences of John's life. It's not long before the friction builds and Sherlock caresses that sweet spot inside John. John takes his own cock in his hand and begins to pump.
Even as Sherlock said those hurtful words to Sophy, John knew there’s a bit of truth in them. After all, Sherlock told him the most believable lies have a hint of truth behind them. And maybe he does follow Sherlock around a bit like a lapdog, but the man needs taking care of. God knows Sherlock won’t do it himself.
Before he passed, the man had stayed here for months. But it wasn’t his first stay. The magazines told the story. They had the same mailing label on them to Irene and Samuel Stone, 12467 East Ave. D, Hickory Corners. He’d come here for many years. It was his place to get away from his wife. But after she had passed away, it was a place for his regrets.
John reaches inside with one hand, while the other inches them over his hips. From there, John works methodically down with his mouth, spit cooling Sherlock’s breastbone as John’s tongue forges a trail downward.
“Take some things of his with you. What do you think will help him remember? I know it never worked before, but we must try.”
“These men wanted in on your lucrative endeavor, or so they told you. However, it isn’t as simple as that.”
Funny thing is that he should be a lot more upset about all this than he is now. What he feels is almost relief, and he's not sure from what. Civilization? All the tension he's felt over the last months has gone. Watching the water lap the shore and sea turtles swim, he's already finding himself beginning to let go some of his anger. The only downsides he's found so far are the mosquitoes and the humid heat.
"Mycroft wouldn't dirty his own hands. He planned to simply hand her off to some people who were very angry with her. She took Mycroft's other offer. Better than having her fingernails torn out one by one and be tortured to death. She's in South America living comfortably under a new identity. Rather a cozy outcome for someone who planned to kill me. But I was magnanimous, considering." He looked at John. "Mycroft has enough on her past activities to keep her in check."
Sherlock is stunned. Eurus. They’re talking about his sister, and what happened to her. But he can't think. His head feels as if it will explode.
Mycroft ignores the insult and walks to the door, stops, then turns. The end of the cat’s tail flicks back and forth, then he hisses. “Did you at least select a respectable name for the creature?”
The doctor actually smiles at me, but there’s guilt behind his eyes. I have the same look in mine. “I can attach it, that is all. I can’t do the seal. I could once but not now.”
Sherlock felt like he was about to vomit. Better no one was here when John returned if this was the choice. Sherlock put on his coat. There had to be a way out of this.
John no longer wonders why someone might be in a glasshouse in only an undershirt as he shrugs off his jacket, when he realizes something else—
"My head hurts too much to care about that. So you found me and brought me back, and have been sneaking in and out of here for days. Wait. Were you following me at the lagoon? You watched me swimming?"
Sherlock closed his eyes. He hated telling him this. What would John think? "No, I was not. At least not in that respect. He wanted my attention. What he wants from me is to initiate me into his twisted world. He wanted me as a partner in every respect. After what my brother revealed, I am certain he has taken Moran for that role in my stead."
To all reading during this time, thank you dear readers to all for being patient at the long wait between a lot of the chapters. Part of the problem was real life at the end, but in the early chapters, it was finding my way. Now that it’s done, I feel sad leaving these two. I’ve never written a uni-lock before this one, and it was a challenge. I learned a lot from this experience. In those first chapters where I struggled with balancing characterization and background, I often felt like quitting. I did find that once I was two-thirds through writing this, that I finally had a handle on where I was going. I’m not a writer to completely abandon a work (looks guiltily at None So Blind), so I pushed on. I am glad I did not give up.
John and Art know it’s happening before Sherlock seems to. His pale eyes begin to roll back and his arms and legs quake. It’s terrifying for John to witness and be unable to help. Art gently lies Sherlock down flat and monitors him carefully. He’s not convulsing, and it’s over as fast as it started. John’s relieved to see that Sherlock remains conscious although disoriented.
John scrambles for his service revolver under the bed and makes sure it’s loaded with proper bullets this time.
Cryptic as usual. “I’m sure it was,” I say aloud to myself. I have a hollow feeling inside that Mycroft already knows, already knew.
John blinked as Moran snapped his fingers in front of John’s face. At least it was better than getting slapped again. The fog in his head was beginning to clear. He scanned the room, and it looked strangely like he was in a locker room.
Sherlock’s stance softens along with his eyes and lips. He grasps John’s other wrist with his free hand. “I’m happy, John, but I don’t know how to do this. I need help. I need you to help me. John, show me how to do this.”
In answer, Sherlock's fingers move between his legs and brush over his pucker. John groans, "Yes" as he ruts against John's thigh and moans.
“Of course. But you often carry it with you like yesterday, except when you left it in your locker at hospital, then in your desk. For defense and security.”
“True, there is more greed, and that’s all the more reason to share this with you. Yes, there’s the need and necessity, but it’s our duty to share knowledge if we want change and betterment of our society. While I’ve always been one to share, members of our board, including some of my family, felt otherwise. It took the Upheaval to shift their mindset. That time has passed, and we need to put aside our differences. I am very interested in your perspective on our work.”
He vividly recalled how Sherlock looked beneath him, his lips full and wet from John's kisses, his kaleidoscope eyes half-lidded and changing.
Sherlock blushes. John wouldn't have thought it possible to discern underneath that sunburn. Could Sherlock actually feel something romantic for him? John has wondered this on more than one occasion. Friends have certainly have suggested it over the years. But if he does care about John, why not just tell him? Sherlock has never seemed one to balk at rejection. Not like John.
Once there, he immediately set up the equipment, then retrieved the samples to prepare the slides. He needed to check the rate of decomposition’s progress using battery acid as a solvent on various samples (one specimen was human flesh from the back of a cadaver’s hand, but Sherlock would never share that tidbit of information with anyone in the lab).
"But there are other...things that may be more strenuous..." Sherlock looks down at their bodies on the bed.
John jumped when the phone rang. Not many people called. It couldn’t be his mom— she only called when Ma Bell's rates were cheapest at 10 p.m. Sunday. That meant it could only be one person: Mycroft Holmes. John sat up and climbed off the bed. Two steps and he grabbed the phone.
She laughs. “But you could appreciate the artistry. I know that. I must say I’m glad you decided not to bring any company; I did think our meeting for tomorrow night might include a few extras, Mr. Holmes, although I am still a bit wary.”
Winston rouses Sherlock and John from their thoughts by clearing his throat. “Have any of you called for a car? Dr. Watson said she needs to get treatment. I know she’s not a nice person, but from where I stand, she’s not the only one here that needs real medical assistance.”
Sherlock picked up the shopping bag and slipped around the desk, pulling the contents out and on to the desk as he skimmed the article.
Sherlock deduced that John's quilt must mean something similar. The frayed edges were carefully mended, and the original fabric patches in subtle floral patterns of browns and blues were patched with clashing purple and orange fabric scraps. Tattered and faded from years of a little boy dreaming beneath, it had been kept alive with caring hands.
“I had no map!” she screams into Sherlock’s face. “But I got it! I did! And I used it! You do remember?!”
He kept his shoulders back and tried his best to clear his head of this confusion as Moran pushed him toward the door. John wanted a clear mind before he left this world, especially if he was going to punch the son of a bitch in the face first. He just wasn’t sure which son of a bitch it was going to be yet.
“Over the last weeks after I found out who I was, I searched for information about Sherlock Holmes. I could never find as much about myself as Mycroft. More curious was that although I found secondary references, such as mentions in private blogs, I found none of my personal accounts. I remember why now. Those were scrubbed from Twitter, Facebook, all social media. Mycroft did most of it. Stories from defunct news agencies were deleted. A few articles regarding me that were shared remained online— all of which would be impossible to expunge. But Mycroft’s machinations couldn’t account for every deletion...”
“I can think of many things,” Sherlock says, reaching between John’s legs. “But I can think of one in particular I’d love to do with this…” Sherlock wraps his long slender fingers around John’s shaft and strokes it slowly as he sits up and onto his lean haunches. He wants to know what it’s like to feel John inside him, filling him.
I roll my eyes and I squeeze Rosie’s hand when John begins yelling. It’s followed by a loud bang. A few moments pass before we hear his footsteps coming down the stairs.
“We’ll keep all those memories locked away inside this chest then,” Myc tells young Sherlock. “If you ever need them back, you can find them buried here in the sand. I’ll put the key in a place where you can easily find it. And the map, I’ll put that in the first place you always look.”
John stands up reluctantly. Sherlock gives a long-suffering sigh. John guesses if that’s not a send off, he doesn’t know what is.
“A murder,” Sherlock whispered to John as they watched the film. “But they revealed the murderers immediately. What kind of whodunit is this?”
Both heads turned to an old building that looked to be a lumberyard. They had both come to the same conclusion.
“My, my! One, two, three, four, five!” Moriarty exclaimed and waved in John’s face. He strolled around the room. “Your guests have all arrived! All here and accounted for! Hmmm ...
Sherlock reaches into the pocket of shorts and removes his mobile and begins to tap with his trembling fingers.
“You have no choice.” Norbury barks out a laugh. “Shovel in some of the damn concrete. Thank god it’s fast drying. I don’t know how long I could stand to listen to your arrogant mouth.”
"What about that Lestrade? The one who left a message about evidence?" John asked."Considering what you've told me, I'm thinking it's a good idea for you to return his calls and work with him. That and I can help keep an eye on Moran and Moriarty with the work study."
Cryptic messages? Plans? Of course no one tells John a bloody word about the details. It seems to John that Sherlock tells John as little as possible regarding possible outcomes and solutions. At least he knows Sherlock tells John more than he tells anyone else.
Sherlock can’t help his lips quivering as John takes his hand and holds in tight. No one has ever affected him like this and no one ever will. It’s unsettling and reassuring all the once.
The door to his room never looked so welcoming. He was wet and miserable and felt damned tired. He wanted nothing more than to crawl into the warmth of his bed and sleep for twelve hours. He had his hand on the handle when from behind the door, Sherlock heard the familiar squish and squeak of someone rising out of the desk chair.
Sherlock and his lips were no longer his chief concern, though. Now it was how to sneak into the hall without anyone noticing.
To give her a bit more space, he stands and walks across the room. He touches the stuffed bear on the chair near the windows, then steps up to the bookcase with his back to her to give her a few more moments to compose herself. Of all the books one stands out. It’s a well-worn copy of
Sherlock understands loss. He’s lost it all. His past. And now John. It’s what’s inside the locket for Sophy Kratides. A woman. He says he has no feeling because that’s what he’s told himself he wants. But justice? She believes he doesn’t care about that. She wants it. He knows she also wanted it from Lord Blackwood. Her message back to Sherlock is one word.
As Sherlock sits back on his haunches looking down at him, John does beg. They’re both naked and hard and needy. Then the wanker thrusts his knees under John’s thighs and pushes John’s hips up off the mattress, making John groan in anticipation. Sherlock’s eyes alight as he smiles down and lowers himself skin-to-skin, aligning them. John curls his legs up as Sherlock grinds cock against cock.
I detest instant coffee, but John preferred it. He grew up on it. I declined his offer to assist, and I put on the kettle for the instant but brewed some for myself. Despite this, he may as well have made it. He opened the cupboard and took out his favorite coffee mug and my cup and added my usual four heaping spoons of sugar.
The reaction though. It couldn't have been something trivial that had happened between them. Not just a lover's disagreement. This wasn't some bad ending to a love song.
"I noticed that you took the old messages out and replaced them with a new note," Sherlock says. "I thought we could throw it in together when we leave."
Of course he's heard that stupid superstition before. He's never believed it. Still doesn't. And neither does Sherlock, who rolled his eyes at her words. Sherlock did agree, however, that John needs to "step back."
John snaps his mouth shut and kicks himself for almost slipping and mentioning Mycroft’s name, leaving Greg to look at them both quizzically.
John gives an almost imperceptible nod to Will that men are creeping around toward the back of the car. “I’m usually a patient man, but you’re being rude. Move that car. No one needs to get hurt.”
Without my chemical crutch, my body betrayed me. My omega scent glands responded to the alpha's and their mixed aroma mingled, filling the lab. The alpha's eyes never left mine as he circled the bed. He stopped and sniffed me as if I were the most intoxicating fragrance he'd ever known.
“...sent the code...the code to Mycroft, who had the real key— or maybe not. You knew, you said it. Maybe...maybe you couldn’t stop it. Maybe it didn’t matter. It happened so fast. The world went mad.”
A sheen of sweat formed on John's forehead. The next thing he knew, he’d pulled out a pocket knife and started to scratch out the words on the wall as he chewed on his cigarette until his jaw hurt. Once he finished, he threw the butt into the toilet and flushed. The cigarette butt disappeared down the hole and the writing from the wall was flecks of paint on the floor. It was as though nothing had ever been written there. But as he walked out of the bathroom on wobbly legs, he knew where he was heading. There seemed to be a voice calling to him from the darkness.
John blinked as his eyes rapidly. He’d heard him. He needed to distract him from James. His eyes were still on the pen.
I feel more peace as his cool, careful hands check my bandages and IV, the hands of Doctor John Watson.
Suddenly, her eyes dart wildly, watching the red lasers switch positions from Sherlock and Mycroft’s men to Sophy and her men. Her face turns red, her lips a thin line, as Mycroft rolls over on the floor and smiles up at her.
Sherlock rolls the dice first, and proceeds toward the Ballroom. He thinks of his own rooms that he goes into and decides it’s a lot like Cluedo. “Served in the service as a doctor. Shot in the left shoulder. Most likely Afghanistan. You thought you were retired as a surgeon, but no longer.”
Each day they walk. Each day farther. John feels more and more like himself. Or unlike. He only knows that he's happy.
“He stopped by here. He said he will come back today. I really think he just wants more of Mrs. Hudson’s tea and biscuits.”
But it wasn’t only sex. Sharing sandwiches, talking until dawn, playing music, and that kiss. John’s chest physically ached thinking about it.
There stands Mycroft in the same disguise as he appeared to Sherlock yesterday— his rumpled, gentlemanly continence a juxtaposition of his former self.
It’s unspoken that they’re staying. They eat, licking fingers with soft smiles and more red wine kisses with anticipation for what’s to come. They pack up quietly.
“And you are a double chocolate caramel mess,” Sherlock says as he finishes releasing John. “Now that you’re out of those satin love cords, let's move along to part two. On to the shower!”
"And good-looking," John added pointedly. "But I don't think he's in a relationship or looking for one."
“Well, he most likely does have freckles and moles all over,” Will says. “Just. Like. Me. Want to see? I have a lovely ones on my buttocks and one right on the end of my...”
"Oh, but you do. He comes to you almost every night with a note in your own handwriting. Here it is." Sherlock reached into the pocket of his Belstaff and handed her a note. Her lips moved as she read it.
"Yes, I know," he replied and winked at him. "I'm Associate Professor James Moriarty. I understand we'll be working together." He nodded at John, who stood stunned. Moriarty looked at his watch. "Oh, the time! Must get to class. I'm already late."
Sherlock flicks a look at John. “Excellent! I surmised as much from our last tight scrape. Your keen eye and steady hand transcend more than the medical. You are an amazing set of contradicts, Dr. Watson.”
“Did I give you? I’m not telling!” she sings out. “Guess! Oh, but you can’t. That mind of yours is all a-jumble!”
The three of them look at William's toes. Molly brings the light over to better show the scarring from needle tracks between them. “You’re right,” John says, looking more closely. “Don’t know how I missed that.”
“I wondered how long it would take you. Yes, I do.” She smiles, and it’s a smile he’s never witnessed on her face. She’s embarrassed.
My teeth were no longer chattering from cold. Instead I was clamping my lips together with my teeth to keep myself from crying out at the wonderful friction.
With his other hand, he latches on to my hair and tugs me to a sitting position on the filthy, disease infested cot.
One bastard did give him a black eye. He was a big, whiskery trucker in a stained red flannel shirt who didn't appreciate being called out for fucking two of the waitresses. He probably wouldn't have hit Sherlock if he hadn't given the waitresses the same note.
He barely had room to shelve his textbooks from this semester; he wondered where the hell he’d put the new ones for next term. He hated to sell them back. He might need them again. He could use the cash, though. The damned things cost more than he'd expected. His parents weren't rich, so he'd always be on some sort of budget. He'd bought used ones for less at the campus bookstore, but guessed that most of them had been picked over by the time he got there. He’d have to make sure that he went earlier, winter semester.
James patted John’s bed. “You never used to. What happened? John Watson? Mycroft would never approve.”
“And you got out with ease. Sherlock, you know I need to keep an eye on you. You’re a dangerous and valuable man. I need to know where you’re at all times. Also, before visiting Lord Blackwood, I’d change— you need to look less like a homeless person and more of someone of merit. Wear some of the clothes I brought back for you from your old flat in London.”
Merlin walks to the edge of the circle. I hear something--sounds from beyond the cave. The real world is calling me back, but I can't seem to wake.
John shakes his own. "So all he held over people was locked away inside his mind? In what, some sort of Mind Palace like you have? Hardly something a person can use as evidence."
Frankly, I wondered when writing this if there are even seesaws around on British playgrounds anymore. They’ve all but disappeared on school grounds in the United States. Why? They are  deemed dangerous. Aren’t the things we often enjoy that way? Seesaws (or teeter totters as we American’s call them) overwhelmingly had the highest rate of injuries on the playground. From 2009 to 2014 a study by the US Consumer Product Safety Commission found that 46 percent of all playground injuries came from that board that goes up and down. Swings and slides came in a far second and third at 12 and 11 percent respectively. Hence the removal of the seesaw from many school grounds.
It was terrifying, I recalled. I was cold, clammy, and gasping for breath. Suffocation wasn't the way I wanted my life to end, but this was what I had been reduced to. I meant to only hide inside here, not to become my tomb.
“That’s why she’s so interested to know what happened that night. Why Mycroft said that you could be in danger if you remembered. It might make you just as guilty in her eyes.”
“We have Sherlock’s mobile located and can now listen,” she says. “Please use the app that Lincoln took the time to install. You will be able to hear and evaluate his progress. We’re been following his movements for over the last hour.”
Sherlock took the hinged bottom jaw of the lion in hand and rapped. His hand thrust inside the lion's savage maw was itself enough to give a person nightmares, truth be told.
He’s being ignored. He doesn’t like it. “We do need to go to hospital,” Sherlock says. “I expect another victim by the end of the day.”
Vivian was never the simple secretary that she pretended to be. She came up with this theory. It makes perfect sense especially since Vivian knew all about the elaborate lengths Mycroft went to cover up the truth: that I’d shot Magnussen in the head in full view of cameras and police. It had worked. Why not say Mycroft was covering for me once again? It’s not a stretch to believe a clandestine cover-up by British government and Secret Service, especially over a botched rescue of hostages from a terrorist cell. I hope John doesn’t think that there is any truth to what Carolyn Norbury told him … But no, he’s upset ... but not at me.
“I believe it will serve the purpose,” Sherlock says. “I know it will draw her in. After all, John’s writing is a bit romantic. It’s the same url the blog John used some years ago—  although he only wrote about mundane occurrences in his life, inconsequential, puny emotions about day-to-day drivel.”
"This summer. I had, well, sex." Although the tone in John's voice didn't reveal much to Sherlock, his eyes did. He looked past Sherlock, eyes foggy. He was remembering, remembering that night.
"Oh." Greg Lestrade is here to talk to William. He really should tell Greg that his witness — his suspect — may be checking out AMA. Probably would mean jail for sure when William is caught. "Yeah, everything's fine. Probably just need something to eat. Busy morning."
An island with no food, water, or any amenities. On rainy days, his parents would tough it out under an umbrella with a brimming picnic hamper. Today the sky is bright blue with only a wisp of clouds, and although a bit different from what his Mummy always packed, their basket was filled with more than enough to eat and drink.
I never particularly liked Morris Albert’s ear worm of a song “Feelings,” but I admit that it has penetrated my brain far too often over the years. Psychologists have analyzed what makes these songs stick in our heads. Here’s an explanation.
"Our union is inevitable," I said. "Half of the world thinks we've been shagging all along. Why either of us would think we'd end up differently, I don't know. Now, get the hell out of the box. We can slip into something more comfortable later."
He had seen fliers about the campus regarding euchre tournaments. Although they were for charity events, John knew joining these could also lead to private games where he was sure he could make some cash with Sherlock as his partner.
Was this real? He slid, closer to the edge. What would he tell Sherlock, and what should he do? He inched back, but with every step, the ice splintered beneath his feet, the cracks expanding out. He could only relax when he got to his dorm. He will warn Sherlock then. What if Moriarty beat him back? What would he find? Sherlock hurt? Dead? Or …
Thank you to everyone commenting and leaving kudos and all those who are following and reading this story. All of you are deeply appreciated.
Sherlock loved every moment on this island. He expects he’ll love this trip the same. Sherlock doesn’t mind being marooned on the island for ten or twelve hours.
Sherlock leaned back on the bed and looked up at John, who licked his lips as he looked directly at Sherlock's mouth
That was the sum of John's life savings. He had memories, some good, some bad. He had a family. He had good grades, a high SAT score, and an athletic scholarship to help pay his tuition. He thanked God for the federal grants that made up some of the difference. He'd put in for some small student loans he qualified for, but there was still a gap.
“I’m impersonating one of my past assistants. He was a kindly gentleman— too, too good for this world. These were his clothes.” Mycroft wrinkles his nose. “In these trying times, I am afraid we all must make sacrifices. Speaking of sacrifices, I see
Did these people know nothing of salmonella or listeria? Well, the old man hadn’t died from that. No. It was in that rocking chair. A heart attack, or more accurately, a broken heart.
John hiccups a laugh. “Yeah, maybe more. But we got to talk about what you chose.” John sits up. He’s naked and still very aroused, but pulls the sheet over his lap. “Or didn’t.”
Others such as Lord Henry Blackwood have done the same to hide their properties. Kratides was right that there is another big player. All trails lead to Moriarty’s old criminal organization, but Moriarty is dead. Someone must have taken over. From Sherlock’s research, his successor would most likely be Sebastian Moran, but records reveal he died during the epidemic.
“Bet you never saw this coming,” John read. He unzipped his coat, revealing the bomb. He let his jacket slide off his shoulders and into a heap on to the blue floor tiles. “I needed insurance that you’d comply with my demands. It needs to be completed. Consulting criminals. Partners in every way.”
Sherlock thinks it’s fitting they’ve melded together in shared heat like two precious metals. “I finally understand,” Sherlock gasps in bursts. “Why humans. Are obsessed. With sex.”
“On the bed,” John says. Good. No more coddling. Sherlock obeys and crawls across. He stretches out on his back, flat on the bed. He tucks his arm under his head and watches John’s every movement.
And he is decidedly alpha, his pheromones fill my senses, and it's a far more satisfying drug than I have ever taken.
He’s not ready to let Helena know. Not until he can think this all through clearly. These two must be anxious to speak to him, or maybe they just planned on taking him away.
His eyes didn’t want to cooperate. Shuffling feet. Someone crouched beside him. A sharp slap and John’s head snapped back with a bang into cold metal behind him.
“I’ve gotten some insight too over the last few days,” Greg says. “It seems Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective for Scotland Yard, has landed on his feet much like this lucky cat. He’s been a help cleaning up a few of our cold cases. He’s bloody talented.”
Apparently, she understood my longing, my wishes, my desires. But she doesn’t understand depth. She doesn’t understand why. She can’t comprehend all I did not have but wanted. Maybe this is in some twisted way to give to me what she could not?
Mycroft, who Sherlock notes, has been observing the entire exchange with interest finally speaks. “In the end, we hope to do what Mummy wanted, to clear our family name and find who opened Pandora’s box.”
They row to the island across the long, pale sandbank until they come to a channel. John watches a fifteen foot shark swim by them. Nice place, he thinks. The channel is long and the tropical trees and plants are dense on both sides. It's like a jungle, or what John imagines a jungle would be. Hot and sticky. The channel opens into another large lagoon. The water deepens. They point to a modest-sized sail boat with two masts moored to a long rickety wooden deck made of boards salvaged from shipping crates and driftwood.
John can't wrap his head around Sherlock the wedding planner. His nods of approval have sent John reeling, beginning with the selection of the venue as Goldney Bristow. The too-bright-a-yellow reception hall wasn't enough. No. Sherlock actually high-fived Mary when she suggested including a complimentary colour on the invitations because of the cornflower blue in the wallpaper. Then Sherlock insisted that the groom's and best man's tuxedoes match. Exactly. Now the cake and her dress? Three days ago he'd even caught Sherlock folding napkins. Sherlock? Napkins? Why is he doing all this?
James hung his head and shook his head woefully. His head flew up, his tone suddenly shifted, his voice sing-song. “You’re making the wrong choice!” he sang.
“Whatever you decide, I’m right with it,” John nods. “We still have five hours left here. We can take the chest with us. Walk a bit more. You can show me the west side of the island. It’s quiet now with everyone gone. Then if you decide, you can open it later. It doesn’t have to be now or ever, if that’s your choice. And if you don’t remember, that’s fine too.”
Sherlock coat whips against his legs. It’s bitter out, but his nerves keep him warm. The closer Sherlock comes to his meeting place with Winston, the more carefully he dodges through littered alleys and abandoned apartments to remain hidden.
"That a boy!" his dad would yelp and cheer when John hit a pop up. Harry played outfield. She'd squint into the sun and let half of the balls hit the ground, but she had a grand time collecting dandelions while waiting for a ball to come her way.
“They do in my world,” John smiles and nods to Rosie struggling in his arms. “And Rosie and I know you’re no sociopath.” As if she understands his words, she reaches out to me. “See? And look at how you care for her and protect her. She’s proof of how you care.”
“But he will. I like you,” Mary said. “Too bad it has to end this way. You at least need to know the truth. He was never your friend.”
John steps cautiously next to Mummy. “You promised last visit that you’d tell me a few more stories behind some of your lovely family photos.”
Misjudging emotion was what had brought him together with James in the first place. James had said he understood emotions and could help Sherlock bridge that gap. Later Sherlock realized that while James understood them, he also didn't care about them. At least, not about anyone's except his own.
. There was more than one of these highly-controversial sociological reports on human sexuality by Alfred Kinsey. The two books were best sellers and were first published in 1945 (male sexuality) and 1953 (female). Subsequent studies and papers have been done crunching his statistics along with new data. The significance of the reports was that it dealt openly with taboo subjects such as masturbation and homosexuality. We can argue all day long about the validity of Kinsey’s data, but sociologically his books had more impact on American society because they opened a true dialogue about sex and sexuality for the first time. It literally heralded in the Age of Aquarius.
"If you finish with them before three, bring them down to me; if not, Mr. Moran will be here later. You can take them to his office. Room 543." She smiled. A person would have to be dead to ignore it. When she flashed her big o’ grin, it brought out the cute dimples in her cheeks.
You may be wondering whether I caught either the thief or our fake doctor, and whether they turned out to be the same person. They were, and I did — well, I don't know if "caught" is exactly the right term, but we do know who he is. And where he is. Right now he's asleep in the upstairs bedroom of what is now our flat. I know, I wouldn't have believed it either if you had told me last week this was going to happen.
John takes one swig, then two. He takes a breath, then downs the rest of the bottle. "Happy? You owe me one hell of a lot of an explanation—none of which could possibly excuse what you've done." He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. "Kidnapping me, making me leave my bride at the altar, sticking me on some deserted island, then spying on me."
“Oh, but there was … how you moaned and begged. Remember, what did you call me. Mr. Sex? I don’t understand how you’ve stooped so low, but I suppose it was hard to find a replacement that would even come close.”
Will fingers the lock. “I could pick it,” he says. He really could. Someone has already tried. He picks up the very wire the would-be thief tried to use and discarded in the bushes next to the door. He carefully unbends it, kneels, and slips it into the keyhole, his eyes narrow in concentration as he twists and pivots the wire, then the lock clicks open.
“The hill at the end of the island is reputed to have been a Viking lookout post,” Sherlock says and leads the way.
“It was never about you, Sophy. My sister was as ill as are you. Even as a child, you embraced the atrocities she did, and you helped her kill Redbeard. You encouraged her behavior!”
John knew that for the rest of his life he would know that what had happened between them was more than just some hand job and a hot mouth. At least on his part, he felt love—or he thought he did. And for that one special summer, for the very first time, John had felt happy.
bother him? The fact that he didn't get into the work-study on his own merit. When he’d thought that Professor Doyle chose him to help in the research, it was the most bitchin’ thing that ever happened to him. Danged if it wasn’t the case at all. Instead, it was all some grand plan of assistant professor Moriarty's to get back into Sherlock's pants, or something more sinister.
John isn't up to thinking too hard about a Sherlock Holmes who watches him skinny dipping in a lagoon. He's not sure what to make of it all as he struggles with the bottle. "I can't unscrew this blasted cap."
“And when will that be? It’s not like I can just walk out of here into civilization. I don’t know how I could do much else.”
“Neither. Although I can’t wait to show you my old place in London, but I’ll save that for the trip to see mummy. And the attic? That is my past. ” He closes his eyes. “The one place we need to go is where I went as a child. I want you there with me. It’s the last important piece on my treasure map. To find my past. The part I don’t remember.”
We landed with the sky painted bright orange, and I shaded my eyes from the glare of the sun's last burning rays. I gave the pilot a crisp salute goodbye and jumped out, ducking under the whirling blade as we sprinted across the billowing grass. As it took off, the long shadow of the chopper distorted into a gigantic dragon. What? Did Sherlock drag me out to the country to battle Smaug? I think the day was getting to me. Halloween always seems to do that.
“As a 36 year-old virgin omega in an alpha body, I knew my fate. I wondered why wasn't I dead yet. I'd shut off all the valves to the negative air pressure chambers. It was taking far too long and according to my calculations, I realized I should have breathed my last. The chambers were supposed to be airtight, hermetically sealed! No contaminants should be able to escape. I suddenly realized why I was still alive. I could now smell alphas. I shouldn't be able to smell them. People were idiots. The chamber was defective! I knew then that they were going to find me.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I do believe that is the purpose of such devices.” Sherlock carefully removes the bug with his fingernail, holds it up between his fingers to the light. He determines that it’s like some of the others. “There are two distinct types.”
Although when it came to my heart, I never spoke it. The notes in music are only a part. How it’s played by the musician changes with the tone, the tempo. Eurus knows this as well as I, but she only knew it in a technical sense. The emotion, the passion was not there until those last days. Now I must play the music the way Eurus thinks I would play—with emotion and passion.
“I said I made the choice. I knew it would be my only chance to take her out. I’d asked her to let me go.”
He knows John Watson has had lots of experience with sex. He was married. Had a child. He was in the army. John told Sherlock, he was bi-sexual. John has had lots of sex. He’d even read some of John’s blog about how he was referred to as “Three Continents Watson.”
Sherlock jiggled the cord a few more times for good measure, then sat the phone back down on its cradle.
“No need for that, Doctor Watson,” a man’s voice comes from the right. He steps out from behind an old police box.
? You left Rosie with Mycroft. When you said, you’d find someone, I didn’t think you’d ask my brother.”
“Yeah, as a matter of fact.” Truth was, his mind had hardly stopped thinking about him since they’d met.
"Don't get smart on the stand." John warned as he readied himself in the mirror above the fireplace. Sherlock glanced over at him, straightening his jacket.
"Not at all." John returned the glare with a tight lipped smile. They sat in silence for a moment, merely observing one another. The bell rang, but neither man moved to answer it.
What was even more interesting to him, was the concern he saw radiating from the consulting detective. It was coming off of him in waves, and John wasn't sure if it was the brevity of the situation, or his eyes playing tricks on him, but he could have sworn he saw a sort of aura around the man. He shook it off, and it went away.
"Yes, they're in my head as if I were in yours. I can read them all, even the one you just had about trying not to look at my lips too much." Sherlock stated quickly and John scoffed.
It was sunset, facing the dull orange and pink of the setting sun, of course. They were standing in front of the wide open windows. Sherlock arranged to have a minister deliver vows to satiate John's ridiculous beliefs. The two men stood across from one another, Greg on John's side, Mycroft on Sherlock's. He'd wanted Billy, but John told him it was inappropriate to have a man he'd met in a drug den as his best man. There were a few people in attendance, just the one's who mattered. Sherlock's parents, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and John's father, who was blubbering like a baby the entire time.
John replied, sounding rather hurt by Sherlock's rejection of his idea. He thought it was a good one.
"Mrs. Hudson? What's wrong?" John asked, suddenly worried about their land lady. The worry Sherlock could feel coming across their bond made him groan in exasperation.
"Not long, thirty seconds." John shrugged, stepping away from his new husband and walking towards the pathologist who was uncovering food trays on the table.
"You're reading mine." Sherlock exclaimed, sitting up. The moment was over, John knew it, he'd gotten too close, too comfortable; so he laughed and got off the couch, walking to his laptop.
“I’m your nurse, right?” Sherlock said, turning to look back at his blogger, “I’m going in to help you. You need me in there, admit it.” John stared up at him, unsure whether he should be angry or thankful.
"Oh." He began laughing, "You." He said, looking up at the conflicted face of the consulting criminal.
John replied amusedly. He continued to follow Sherlock into the room, and watched as the detective opened a box;
John asked, stopping in the middle of the sidewalk, Sherlock stopped and turned toward him, his hands shoved into his pockets.
“Yes-” John waited a moment as Sherlock shut his eyes and swallowed thickly, he opened his mouth to respond, and he thought they’d be saying the same thing, so he spoke as well, “I love you.”
He stood silently as the curly headed man behind the microscope explained his entire life in the drop of a hat. He looked to Mike, assuming he must have told him, but Mike was enjoying the exchange far too much.
"Moriarty needs me to be photographed being taken in for questioning by you. You and you alone, Lestrade, the one man on the yard who's trusted me most. He knows there's an article about John and I coming out, and he needs something bigger to take away from the fact that we're the most exceptional bonded pair to ever exist." Sherlock explained quickly and Lestrade stared at him, mouth wide open. John felt slightly smug at his description of them, but quickly pushed it aside, the worry taking up too much room in his chest at that moment. Lestrade left without him and Sherlock knew what was coming.
London?" Sherlock asked, laughing. He reached into his jacket and pulled out an ash tray, flipping it up into the air, drawing a loud laugh from the doctor,
“You wouldn’t have confessed this if you didn’t believe, even if it’s just a small fraction of hope, that I return your feelings.” Sherlock’s own hand covered John’s where it was still placed on his cheek, his smug half smile made John feel slightly weak, “Which I do.”
"A lot of people think mates are predestined by some deity... But they're not. It's much simpler, really. It's blood lines. There were a few hundred or so at the start, those numbers have dwindled just a bit." George explained.
"Yes." Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes, going back into John's memory, "You've had quite a few girlfriends." He laughed, "Oi, that one..."
"I'm going to write about what it's like to live with such a prat." John said, smiling sarcastically across at his mate. Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped down onto his back, steepling his hands beneath his chin.
“Shut up.” John said, stepping up to Sherlock, grabbing his hands suddenly. The detective looked down, his eyes widening.
"By whom?" John asked again, Sherlock's brows perked up at the extreme confidence and anger beginning to emit across the bond. He glanced sideways at John but quickly flicked his eyes back to the men, taking in everything he could about them. John could feel all the deductions, and they were beginning to make him feel a bit light headed. He hadn't gotten used to them yet. The way they connected in Sherlock's brain still astounded him.
"Merry Christmas, Gregory." Mycroft said in a soft tone that seemed so intimate, everyone suddenly felt as though they were intruding. Greg cleared his throat after a few seconds of intense eye lock.
Once he'd finally agreed to put on clothes and met the man representing his client, things went a bit smoother.
"Who is my client?" Sherlock asked, John felt the anger beginning to sift through and tried his best to calm it, but was failing miserably. When Sherlock decided to walk away, he found himself quickly averting his eyes from the slightly whiter skin that found itself suddenly uncovered. Sherlock didn't turn as he grasped his sheet but tried to look as far to the side as he could to see John, as he felt the panic.
Sherlock stood in front of a mirror. The tie he was wearing was a shade of blue that matched John's eyes, of that he was certain. The only unfortunate thing about it, was that it made his
“No... I mean I went to a community college for a few semesters but I dropped out. I was too distracted.” She shrugged the best she could in her position.
He said with a wink as they pushed back into the room where everyone was taking their seats at large round tables that were set up just for them.
"Of course." He scoffed, "Why else would he have come here. Why else would he be targeting me so blatantly. I don't know what his plans are, yet... But we need to be on our guard." He sighed, standing from his chair. As he waltzed past John, he held out his hand, catching it in the crook of Sherlock's elbow, keeping him from passing.
“Why did you accept this case?” John asked quietly a few minutes later, looking up from the computer he was currently looking through.
“Oh, so what, he’s comparing himself to... Rumpelstiltskin?” She asked, as she said the name the pieces connected, “Seriously!? But no one has made a deal with him!” She shouted, Mary looked over from her place next to the Violet’s.
"Right, that's good... I always thought I was great." He replied and thought he could hear a whisper of,
Sherlock said with a laugh, the smile on his face as he glanced back at John genuine. He'd really thought John had told a joke, and John went along with it. Though it was a nice thought, the idea that he and Sherlock had a bond powerful enough to stop the whole world turning. It was romantic and completely insane, but he liked the idea.
"If all else fails, we can just freeze things." John winked, backing away as he turned and walked out the door. He received his response from Moriarty then, he was waiting on the roof for him.
“I didn’t know you were going to be so poetic, I’d have prepared something better.” John smiled, dropping his face a bit, Sherlock kissed his forehead as it pressed against his lips, using his fingers to raise John’s face back up.
"Oh, yes... We just need to focus on the bond right now... No offense, I suppose." He stood, half smiling and followed John out the door, "Laterz!"
“Shut up. No. Listen to me. You... Are my home.” He said it slowly, as if Sherlock couldn’t understand what he was saying.
"Yes, we do." Sherlock replied, "I'm assuming our abilities are going to manifest whenever one of us is in danger."
"Just because you're not gay, don't mean you don't love him. There's a lot of things other than being gay, y'know. Look it up." He said with wide eyes as he downed his beer and stood, "Take it from a guy who also isn't gay, but is in love with a Holmes." With that he walked away, leaving John to ponder into his beverage.
“With you, Sherlock, that’s the only thing I want to be. I think it’s important that I share this now, it’ll probably be the most important thing I’ve ever done, ever said. You, are everything.” He’d shut his eyes and turned his head in typical Sherlock avoidance fashion, but John was ready, he’d already unclenched his fist and placed his open hand beneath the chin of the man in front of him and turned it back to face him, “I know it might be difficult for you to understand, or to grasp what I’m telling you, but I’m going to need you to try. I’ve loved you, Sherlock, for so long, I can’t really remember a time when I didn’t. You have saved me so many times, in so many ways, though that’s not why I love you, that’s why I need you to know that I love you. I want nothing more than to see you every day, to fall asleep with you beside me, to wake up with you, to raise Rosie with you. She loves you as well, you know.
“Well then.” Sherlock sighed, looking at the girl for the first time, his eyes widening before he smirked and sat down, “Tell us why you’re here.” He and John sat opposite each other and Olivia sat in the chair set out for her.
“Yes, but let’s forget about that until we have an actual reason to worry, for now... Let’s be excited, baby Sherlock Watson is on it’s way!” Sherlock said, turning to sit in his seat. The other three exchanged confused glances, shrugging it off and sitting down, waiting for any news.
"But to ask me to risk your life to save myself." Sherlock rasped aloud before swallowing, "I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to do that. Your survival, your life, means more to me than my own, I'm afraid." He finally raised his eyes to John's face and kept him there, taking in the blown pupils of his blogger, he imagined his-
"I don't know, it might, shall we find out?" Sherlock asked, John felt the years of sibling rivalry and rolled his eyes at the amount of resentment Sherlock felt.
John said internally for fear of the apology echoing through the halls, him apologizing to Sherlock, seemed inconceivable, it was usually the detective who apologized. Especially that time that he tried to see if he could fly and ruined Mrs. Hudson's bins, again.
“Yeah.” John sighed, clearing his throat, “Invite us to Christmas dinner at your parent’s house and I’ll forgive her.” He smiled, knowing Sherlock would never do that.
John said, and Sherlock looked the the other side. There were families stopped mid stride, arms around each other, smiles on their faces, seemingly in the middle of a conversation. Cars stopped in the middle of the street, people running across it behind them. All frozen,
"Very good." John said, settling back against the couch. Sherlock also leaned into the back of the couch, only he moved slightly to his left so he was brushing shoulder's with John, who sighed and looked to Sherlock, "You know, if you want to be close to me, you can do it, you don't have to do these subtle movements. Just say, hey John, put your bloody arm around me. Or think it."
"Oh god no!" Lestrade laughed, "I mean, I was still married. Albeit she was a cheating whore, but hey... I loved her."
"Will you at least let us bring him in to talk to him about it? Perhaps he'll have a new perspective. Just consultation, nothing more."
"So glad to see you two have bonded so efficiently." The extremely unamused elder Holmes said, "Would it kill you to put your clothes on, Sherlock?"
"Yes, he did. It was a challenge. He wanted to show me that he is more clever than I give him credit for. But he is unaware that I would have never underestimated his reasons for getting captured. I knew he'd rig the jury. It was child's play." He scoffed, waving his hand in the air as if the idea was beneath him. John smiled warily down at his mate.
"We need to see the Teller," Sherlock said firmly, achieving an eyebrow raise from the elder Holmes.
Suddenly, the door to the flat opened and three men stepped through, all brandishing hand guns and Sherlock stood as did John. Mary grabbed a hold of the chair, cursing herself for not having her own gun on her and Olivia turned her back, shielding the baby from any shots that might be fired. Suddenly there were light foot steps and they knew what was coming, well all of them except for the two newer girls in the room.
"Fixing your shirt," He said quietly, his voice dropped to a faint whisper, "If you sit through this, without another sarcastic comment, I will let you take us wherever you want on our honeymoon."
He managed to say, feeling that if he said it by thought, it made the words less embarrassing. With one last heartfelt squeeze on Sherlock's arm, John let go, turning and walking quickly up the stairs to his room. Sherlock stood speechless, and nearly breathless, in the middle of the sitting room, his arm still bent. He could feel the residual heat from where John's hand had been and he glanced down at it.
“Alright, I am in love with you, Sherlock Holmes, so utterly in love, it drives me mad sometimes.” Sherlock moved in, his lips brushing against Johns.
“Well, you can tell them that they can pamper mine.” He smiled up at the detective and Sherlock nodded, “Would you like to hold her?” He asked and Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock nearly crumpled the letter from frustration, but opted for setting it aside. He couldn’t get mad, not yet, he had a deteriorating John Watson to deal with. As he looked at his friend, who had his head in his hands, he had no clue of what to do. He hadn’t seen him look this bad since he’d seen him at his grave side. John was sobbing freely now, not caring who was there to see him.
"He expects to discredit you. But does he know about the article?" John asked, looking down to find a stack of newspapers. He held it up to Sherlock, the box at the top held the headline,
"Yes." Sherlock replied calmly, looking as bored as ever. John looked over at him, glancing down at his sheet again.
“It’s from him.” John growled, eyeing the package warily. Sherlock took it from her and opened it, pulling out a long gold string.
“Seemed like the right time. Sherlock was being sent away to go die in the middle east. Couldn’t have that, no sirree.” He shook his head, glancing up at John, “Good to see ya, Johnny boy.” He shifted his eyes from John to Mary who was eyeing him warily, “You too Rebecca.” John snapped his attention to Mary before turning back to Moriarty, “Oh! My bad, it’s Mary!” He slapped his forehead with his hand, “Silly me.”
“Yes, with you.” There was another silence, John wouldn’t let the panic settle in, perhaps he’d miscalculated.
"Precisely." Sherlock stepped forward, John stepped out of the path of the bullet and simultaneously they made their way around Charles, staring at him and testing the boundaries of what just happened.
"To be honest... It just took time. You know as well as I do that Mycroft is not an easy man to get along with." Greg said plainly, "But once you get to know him, you can't help but... But..."
"Don't laugh at Helen, she was lovely," John said, realizing he could see what memory Sherlock was accessing in his own mind.
"How would you know?" The pissing contest was getting old, and John had had about enough of it. He touched Sherlock's arm lightly, causing the detective to break his gaze from his brothers and look down at him. The reassuring gaze John threw his way was enough to help the detective regain his composure.
"How did I know to apologize on behalf of Sherlock? I wasn't in there with you." He challenged and she gained her interest back.
Sherlock knelt in front of him, placing a hand on his shoulder. John flinched at the touch slightly, looking up from his hands to stare incredulously at Sherlock. Even when his eyes were blood shot and there were tears pouring down his face, he still managed to look surprised and baffled at Sherlock’s display of affection. The surprise soon wore off though and he went back to crying. Sherlock remained at his side.
“Really?” Sherlock asked, “It’s so simple though...” He stopped talking after receiving several angry looks.
On this particular morning John woke up to the sound of knocking, hurried and unsure and John sprang up, looking around groggily. Mary made a noise, turning over in bed and John sighed, looking down at his pregnant wife, furrowing his brow. If he’d had a choice in the matter, he wouldn’t stay there, not with her. She’d shot his best friend for Christ’s sake. The knocking sounded through the house again and John hurried out of bed and to the door, having forgotten about it.
"No it--Wait, how'd you know?" John asked, opening one eye and glancing down his body at Sherlock, who was perched on the end of the couch, his hands steepled beneath his chin.
“Well, yes, London has always been your home, but you can’t let your fear of a different place get in your way of being with your family.” He said quickly, John shook his head.
“My room? But I do sleep on occasion, and I’m sure you wouldn’t want to share with-” He stopped talking, the pieces finally falling into place.
John sighed, another book ruined by Sherlock’s premature deductions, and he can’t say he’s sorry; it was a rather boring novel. He’d had it for weeks and was only a hundred pages in. He closed it and set it on the table, pretending to be annoyed at this revelation and leaned forward, Sherlock mimicked him, his elvows on his knees, his hands beneath his chin in genuine interest. John clenched his fist against the seat of the chair and looked away for a moment, smiling. His heartrate sped up and he swallowed the dryness in his throat.
Sherlock could no longer sit still, however. He was itching to get out, and beckoned for John to follow him as he threw on his Belstaff.
They walked back into the sitting room where Olivia was sitting awkwardly on the couch, testing out a cup of tea.
“He went and got himself, bloody arrested!” John said, ending on a shout, “What’s worse is that he did it for me and my lying wife.” He plopped down in his chair, rubbing his eyes as he sat in silence for the next few moments. Olivia stared down at him sadly, unsure of what to do in this situation, an idea sprang on her.
And then Christmas happened, and then Sherlock shot Magnussen. And John found himself storming up the stairs of 221B, surprising a very unsuspecting Olivia.
“Oh good.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “You have Mycroft, you don’t need me there.” He turned to walk back into the flat.
"If I didn't know exactly what you meant, I'd be extremely confused by that." Sherlock responded, taking another sip. He looked silently to John, and when their eyes met, they burst into a fit of laughter. They laughed for longer than they should have, every time one of them would stop, the other would start up again and it would roll on.
As Lestrade read him his rights, John suppressed the urge he felt to punch someone, though when Sally entered, looking positively smug, he thought he could deck her right there.
"That was, disturbing, to say the least." Sherlock said, breathing deeply, obviously quite perturbed.
"Yeah it is a big deal." John said, looking at the DI, laughing. The DI also began to laugh after his heart rate returned to normal and everyone in the room, save for Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock began laughing. Sherlock wasn't sure how to feel.
“Rebecca Arrington.” He said the name quietly, looking at her profile, “But what does A.G. Stand for?” He went through the papers again, nothing in them mentioned anything about who she was before she was Rebecca. She’d been Rebecca for ten years, working as a freelance assassin after going rogue from the CIA. He sighed heavily as he read the information, there was a list of the people she’d worked with. Sherlock had some of them highlighted.
"Uh... Nothing." Sherlock smirked, leaning into Molly. John watched with wide eyes and a flip in his stomach as the detective kissed the cheek of the now flustered pathologist, "Merry Christmas, Molly Hooper." She blushed furiously and downed half of her drink. Lestrade looked from John to Sherlock and back again with a knowing smile as the detective passed John, handing off money. John grinned as he stuffed it into his pocket.
"Don't tell me you're a believer?" Sherlock rolled his eyes, almost afraid of the answer. He was starting to enjoy John's company, if he found out his new flat mate was looking to get bonded, he wasn't sure if they'd work out.
Sherlock sat in the lab, at his favorite microscope and stared at samples of human tissue, when the door opened. He glanced up momentarily, seeing a familiar form and then a not so familiar one. The man's blonde hair and tan skin spoke wonders, as did his limp and tremor in his hand. Fascinating, he couldn't stop staring at the man, but decided to force himself to. He'd gathered all the information he needed. This man was brought here as a potential flat mate.
“God, she’s only just now pushing!” Sherlock sprang up, “How long is this going to take, having babies is so tedious!” He began walking the way John had just come from.
As soon as Moriarty left, Sherlock ran to his flat mate, ripping the parka off of him. He couldn't stop himself from gripping the sides of John's head.
“Good.” John breathed, pushing open the door. He ascended the steps as quietly as possible and when he opened the door, Sherlock had his back to him. He suddenly stopped playing, turning slowly to see who’d entered.
“So...” Olivia said, “Let me get this straight, not only am I your daughter...” She looked up at Mary, “But you knew?” She asked, looking to Sherlock, “You’ve let me stay here all these months, pretending to look for my mother, when all along, she’s been right here?”
John urged the detective, who sighed audibly as he joined his mate. He stared down at the frozen fire and found that it truly was spectacular. He hesitated for a moment but eventually brought his hand up to the orange flame,
“Did you make that for yourself, or did Mrs. Hudson prepare it?” Sherlock asked, watching her sip the hot beverage.
"While that may be true, it doesn't mean it would be right, Sherlock." John smiled, unfreezing the room. Molly stopped dead in her tracks as she tried to continue her sentence, realizing John was no longer next to her. She turned, finding the newly-weds out on the dance floor.
“We will get started on finding out as much as we can about your mother, just let us know where you’re staying once you get settled in and we’ll keep in touch.” John said, standing, ushering her up and out of the chair.
"Only you, Sherlock Holmes." John laughed and shook his head, the rest of the ride was silent, until they arrived at their destination, John stared out the window, his mouth agape, "Buckingham palace? Did you know we'd be coming here?"
“What’s so special about these people?” John asked himself, as he made it to the last name that was colored with a bright yellow line, there was writing next to it, “Serbian.” He sighed, closing the folder and setting it aside. He’d been so enthralled with the folder that he hadn’t even taken in the fact that he was in Sherlock’s room yet. He leaned back against the headboard, looking around the messy area.
John sat at an overly fancy restaurant, everyone around him dressed in black tie, including the wait staff. His palms were sweating and he downed about three glasses of water as he waited for Sherlock to arrive. He wouldn't dare take the ring out, didn't even bring the box, knowing Sherlock would be able to deduce what was in his pocket in a matter of seconds. No, instead, he'd told Sherlock they needed to come to this restaurant because a member of management was likely embezzling and they were called in to investigate.
"Gentlemen, if you'd like to exchange the vows you've prepared." John breathed deeply, taking a moment to gather himself as he looked at Sherlock.
"Yes and I pretended to know what you meant so that you wouldn't try to explain it to me." Sherlock replied, as though it should have been obvious, which, in all honesty, it should have. John internally scolded himself in that moment.
"So now, not only can you look at me and figure out everything I've been up to, but you can hear my thoughts as well. Bloody brilliant." John smiled a bit, though he didn't know why. He wanted to be furious, but he couldn't be. He'd finally found a soul mate and it was actually kind of-
“Oh, Sherlock! I’m so glad you’re still here!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, almost crying, “It’s a shame about the circumstances, but here we are, non-the-less. Mary’s having her baby on the same day that mad man has come back.” She shook her head, “Dreadful.”
"You and your lore, when are you going to realize it was all wrong." Sherlock was busy focusing on Charles, deducing all he could about the man.
"You didn't." Sherlock gasped, pulling out the entire memory. John coughed uncomfortably as clothing was being removed from his 17 year old body and tried as hard as he could to shove the memory back into the bank. Sherlock allowed it and opened his eyes, as did John.
“Something’s on your mind,” Sherlock said, breaking John’s lack of concentration and he looked up, his brows raised in mock-confusion, “Oh please, you’ve been on that page for twenty minutes, and don’t think I haven’t noticed how your eyes haven’t moved down it at all. You’re so distracted you can’t read that boring crime novel, or you would have known the maid is the culprit by now, so put it aside and talk to me.”
John said to Sherlock as they sat in the cab on the way home from Buckingham palace. The detective sighed and looked over at John.
“See we went to Magnussens.” John said, and Mary’s mouth dropped a bit, yeah, definitely lying, John could see it.
"Woah! Wait!" The man shifted his gaze to John, "What are you doing!? Put your hands where I can see them!"
In every age there was a teller, and this teller brought new "prophecy" about soul mates. But he refused to believe that. The man or woman chosen to be the Teller was just a religious zealot and a fool. No one had found a true soul mate in
Mycroft seemed to know, however, that he couldn’t compete with John Watson, and as he watched his best friend aim a gun at his own brother’s chest to save his life, he didn’t think he would make it. He truly thought he would have a heart attack, he must have been borderline tachycardic.
“Under the table, there’s one for her. She left it here just in case.” Sherlock said calmly, pointing to the table. John practically ran the two feet to it, hoisting the bag from beneath it.
"Yes, well it's alright, I'm sure your men will be able to get her phone with no trouble at all." The equerry stood, holding out his hand for Mycroft to shake.
- Sherlock warned, but the pumping grew faster and he let his mouth rest at the top, waiting for Sherlock's release. When it came, he was ready and willing to swallow it all, and he did. Sherlock's back arched slightly in the seat and it was uncomfortable for only a second until his vision blurred for the briefest of moments and his breathing hitched. John pumped him through it and then began kissing his way back up, unbuttoning Sherlock's still in tact shirt as he did so. His lips trailed along his husband's collar bone and he bit along his neck and placed light kisses on his jaw. Only when he was at Sherlock's level did Sherlock open his eyes, but he wasted no time in pulling John in to lick his way into his mouth, he could still taste himself on John's tongue.
"This is a little known fact... Actually, only those who have bonded know... You die, he dies and vice versa. So no, Sherlock, even in death, your mate will follow you. It might take a few months, but eventually it happens." John rubbed his face at this revelation and Sherlock continued to stare across at George.
“I love you, John Watson.” His deep rumble of a voice surged through John’s chest and sunk down into his stomach, quelling the fear that had been bubbling to the surface.
“John, I-” Sherlock breathed, unable to finish as his breath hitched as John looked up, his thumb running across his knuckles.
They arrived back at Baker Street and immediately went upstairs. Sherlock sat on the couch, tucking his legs up into himself and wrapping his arms around them. He didn't immediately retreat into his mind palace, John took it as a win. However, he wished Sherlock would stop staring at him so intently.
“Are you sure?” She asked, standing from her seat, placing a calming hand on his shoulder. He reached up and stroked her hand, kissing it before he smiled up at her.
“Yes, ma’am.” He said, swallowing thickly. Mycroft and John were very amused and Olivia nearly died laughing. They climbed into the car, leaving Mycroft and Olivia on the street, watching it drive away.
“Yeah, I’ve noticed that.” He replied, his heart beginning to pound in his ears as he walked into the kitchen. There was note sitting on the table. He grabbed it, tearing it open and reading it. He began shaking his head.
"Well it said our abilities would manifest to help one another... What's more helpful than stopping the other from getting shot?"
“Oh, my god. Mary.” John said, walking to her side, feeling her stomach. She began to breath heavily, leaning against John, “We’ve got to get you to hospital.” John said, beginning to freak out, “Right, that’s what we do? I should know this, I’m a bloody doctor.” He began spinning in circles, “This isn’t our house, we don’t have your bag here.”
"Yeah... Him being in your head and what not. It's not a bad thing." Lestrade said, smiling, "You're rubbing off on him too. I can tell."
“No?” He asked, his smile turning devious, “Ok.” He shrugged and stepped back, returning back to the safety of his body guards, as if he was truly afraid of what Mary could do, though it seemed unlikely.
“I know.” He whispered against them, closing the gap finally, for the first time, they were connected.
didn't notice the spark of adoration brewing in the back of his mind as he averted his eyes away from his flat mate and back into his food. This was a bit not good.
"Don't you worry about that." Sherlock said, smirking as John pulled the man to his feet and they began dragging him down to the Yard. Once they'd dropped him off, they decided to go straight back to 221B. They trudged up the stairs in silence and then sat in their respective chairs, assuming the position they'd grown accustomed to taking whenever something new popped up in their bond.
John wasn’t reading the book in his hand so much as looking at the same line, reading it over and over again, trying to build up courage to have the conversation he so desperately needed to have.
"You saw it. You know." Sherlock sighed, reminding John that he'd received all of his memories, "Besides, I recall see you using a little recreational marijuana."
I'm sorry this took so long. I got kinda stuck on how to end it. Sorry for jumping from the fall to here. I thought it'd be interesting!!!!
"No one has time for clothes, John, they're boring." He climbed into the car that was waiting for them and moved to the farthest side to give John room. John followed in suit.
One other thing I promised was smut. It might go all the way or it might just be some lead up and then some foreplay, who knows! We'll see how far my mind takes me!
"You two were simply meant to find each other. It was your destiny. What you do with that knowledge is up to you. It can be romantic, or it can remain platonic, as was your predecessor's bond. Just know that now that you've found one another... This bond will never be broken." George warned.
He ran out of the airport, looking around wildly in all directions, searching for a cab. He soon gave up, deciding to run. He’d spent the last few years of his life running after this man, and it seemed right that he run to him.
“Olivia...” She sighed, tucking a loose strand of hair behind the girls ear, “I was young, and I got offered the job of a life time. But it was dangerous. Under cover work... I couldn’t bring you along, and I had no family to give you to.” She rubbed her hand reassuringly along the girl’s arm, “If I could go back now... I’d do it all differently.”
Sure, Sherlock mentioned that no one could turn his stomach like Charles Augustus Magnussen, but surely he meant no one alive. Because the face that was on the television screen sure turned his guts, alright. Moriarty, James Moriarty, the most dangerous man he’d ever encountered, and he invaded Afghanistan. He was back, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. But if it was up to him this time, he was going to kill the bastard, he’d be sure of it.
"You have fought for me, you've killed for me, you've almost died for me. I suppose if marriage is what you want, I can get over my principles for you." His response drew an affectionate eye roll from John, "Only for you." He said softer, bringing his face down until his forehead was touching John's, when he kissed him their lips burned. The heat traveled through their faces and down their necks, a sensation they'd become acclimated to since they'd bonded three years prior. Every time they kissed or held hands or touched in any way, there was that heat, the ever present memory that they were one; they were supposed to meet and the heat reminded them that it was destiny.
THAT BEING SAID! I feel like I should really continue and complete this, so I promise promise promise in the coming weeks I will be writing the crap out of this, because I miss Sherlock and I want to write these character a bit more. :)
"So!" Sherlock put John back into a normal standing position, "We can go now, they won't know for at least ten miles."
"Did I just... Did you say something just then?" John asked, a victorious smile beginning to form on his face.
“It’s fine.” John held up his hand, as if he believed Olivia should hear the story, “She’s fine. But Mary... Magnussen doesn’t keep hard copies... He files his information away the same way Sherlock does.” Mary gasped, her hand flying to her mouth, that was a real reaction, “So Sherlock...” He stopped, sniffing hard and Mary let out a breath.
He had hope, for once in his long history with Sherlock, that something wonderful was on the horizon. They just had to get there, and that would be the hardest part.
“This is either a brilliant scheme by someone to get me off for my murder charges, or it’s him, and he’s back, which means he’ll be out for blood, my blood. Possibly all our blood, save for Mrs. Hudson.” She let out a small noise, covering her mouth.
“Curiosity...” She half smiled, “Plus I have Lupus, having kidney trouble, it’d be nice to know if she’s a match... Maybe she’d feel bad about abandoning me, offer one up, if I ever needed it.” She sighed, sitting back against the chair as if telling her story was a weight off her shoulders.
Sherlock sounded agitated, but then again, it was rare that he didn't. He walked into the room and found the box, opening it. He looked to John who nodded and they both opened their eyes. They stood staring at one another, unwilling to avert their gaze to see if it worked. When finally, John found the courage to look. There was a key being tossed into the air next to him, the woman who'd tossed it was looking up expectantly, but she was frozen. Her face was stuck in a half smile, half gawk, her hand out, fingers turned upward.
“Oh I’m sure. It’ll just give me extra incentive to find her mother and get her out of here as quickly as possible.” He said quickly, his inner prat returning and he swiveled quickly heading down the stairs, leaving John to roll his eyes and follow him.
“Yeah, you too!” She said quickly, Mary smiled softly at her before turning and walking out of the flat.
"How did you-nevermind," John said, he and Sherlock exchanged a glance and then settled onto the small couch, their sides pressed against each other.
Sherlock was held in contempt and sent to jail for a few hours until John could bail him out. When they arrived back at the flat, Kitty was waiting. They climbed the stairs and found her sitting inside on their couch.
"You know me so well." Sherlock said, unwrapping himself and picking up the beverage, blowing on it momentarily before taking a sip, "Down to how I like my tea. I think you spoil me, John. I'll never be able to drink tea made by anyone else."
“You are my heart, John. Without you, I don’t think I’d be able to feel.” His revelation stopped John in his tracks, this bringing together of their lips completely forgotten in his mind as he absorbed what Sherlock had just said. Sherlock stayed put, cheeks flushing as he realized he’d rendered John utterly speechless. Suddenly John snapped out of it.
"Because we're home, and speaking out loud is easier." John growled, "How am I supposed to turn the water back on?"
"So will you help us, Mr. Holmes? We really are all baffled." The client interrupted John's onslaught of insults, thankfully. Sherlock wasn't awake enough to accept the brunt of them. John smiled at the client.
"To what do I owe the pleasure of your company, brother mine?" Mycroft peered across his desk at the two flat mates, his smile painfully sarcastic.
where we're going." He began walking away, past the men and down the stairs, shouting behind him, "Come along, John!" John faltered a bit before moving forward, taking Sherlock's clothes from the man and running down the stairs after him.
"We could've been great, Sherlock." He sniffed, "Think about it, we could've been unstoppable." He pulled his hand away, "But now you have to die, because you're boring, you're on the side of the angels." Sherlock stopped laughing, his face becoming hard, Moriarty may have known the basics of soul mates, but if he knew their lifelines were connected, he would have known getting Sherlock to kill himself by threatening John wouldn't be a valid threat.
“I heard this was how Magnussen did it.” An Irish voice called out, “Came in with guards.” His voice was amused and when he stepped through, Sherlock nearly ran at him. As Moriarty smiled, the rooms atmosphere changed, “How boring, right? Then he, soiled your fireplace.” He looked at the place in question, “Taught him everything he knows. Or rather, knew. Thanks for that by the way.” He winked at Sherlock standing before them in all his glory, his hands in his pockets.
“Well then where do you propose you go?” They sat in a comfortable silence for a moment while John took in the hilarity of the situation. He loved it when Sherlock didn’t quite grasp the simplest of things. It made him feel more human.
"Let's go to Bart's." Sherlock said suddenly, and he began walking. John was tugged along as they began making their way to the hospital. They ended up hitting a crowded part of the city, oddly filled for the time of night.
“Because I said so, that’s why. No come on!” He shouted and Sherlock jumped up, following them out the door. They exited onto Baker Street to see Olivia talking to Mycroft.
Mrs. Hudson sat on the couch, telling some story about Mrs. Turner from next door and her 'married ones' who were trying to adopt a child. John tried his hardest to make the atmosphere euphoric again, and had to wake Sherlock up from the coma he'd apparently sent him into. Mrs. Hudson didn't notice, however, and continued to chat like normal.
The wedding was finally over, and it was time to leave the hospital. Sherlock groaned about leaving for their holiday that night, "Why can't we just stay here?" He asked in the cab on the way to the tarmac.
"Blimey, this is stronger than I thought it was. I'm feeling light headed." Molly said, bringing her hands to her head. Sherlock looked at John, his brow furrowed.
"Oh thank you so much, Dr. Watson!" He stood and shook his hand, Sherlock didn't move, so John walked the client to the door and closed it behind him, looking at Sherlock with a fixed and slightly angry stare.
“Whether you want it or not, you’re going to get it, brother mine. I’m afraid I’m invested.” He turned away, almost disgusted with himself as he looked at his mother holding baby Watson. John sighed as he looked away from Mycroft.
"Mmm, yes." Sherlock replied, moving on, "Now I'm thinking that in six months time, John and I could quite possibly be-"
“You and Mary will come to Christmas dinner.” He looked across at John who was now glaring at him, “And at this dinner, you will forgive Mary for her transgressions. For the sake of the child.”
"You know what." John groaned, rubbing his hands over his eyes, "That was a paying client, and you were ready to turn them down."
"It's for a case." John added, sensing Sherlock wouldn't want Mycroft to know about their having bonded just yet.
“He did.” John nodded, “Made sure the files on you were in his head and when he said yes, he shot him. Right in front of the police, helicopters and all.”
"Well you might want to get rid of the fire, because I have no clue if I'll start everything or just the water."
“What can you tell me about your mother?” Sherlock asked, leaning forward, John knew that meant he was interested.
Hey there, so I figured I'd continue just a bit. Give a little more. After all, there's ALWAYS more story to tell, right!? Well here's the boy's wedding. And then some. But we'll start with the nuptials! It's just a short sweet little thing.
As he was slammed against the side of the car, confusion struck as he was being handcuffed to Sherlock. In what world was it a good idea to cuff the two of them together. They exchanged a look, closing their eyes simultaneously. Upon opening them, everyone had stopped moving. Everyone but Lestrade.
"What?" He asked, seemingly annoyed. He turned to John who was still seated beside his girlfriend of the month, "Why'd you do that? How did you do that?"
"Yeah, let's go practice stopping time." John smiled at his suggestion. Sherlock raised his brows and nodded.
Mike Stamford was the last person John Watson had expected to run into that day. But as it were, it was actually a good thing. John needed a change of scenery, to get out of that one bedroom hole in the wall he was currently living in; it was depressing, and brought him down every time he stepped foot or woke up in it. So he agreed to follow Stamford to St. Bart's, and it was there that he first felt it: the soul piercing eyes. It was as if he had lasers hitting his body, he knew he was being scrutinized, but had no idea why. He watched as a small girl entered, carrying a mug of what he could only assume was coffee. She handed it to him and her hand lingered on his for far too long. John laughed to himself, this girl was trying to form a bond, but it wasn't working out. It was quite apparent this man was not interested in her.
"Cute," John finished, laughing. Sherlock huffed, throwing his head back against the chair, "Alright, I've got an idea."
"You realize you say that out loud?" John joked, breathing and sighing as he brought a hand up to grab a hold of the arm Sherlock had outstretched. He rubbed his thumb along the man's forearm before releasing it and stepping back to plop down in his chair. Sherlock's arm dropped to his side and the detective turned, looking to his violin.
“You two still not on the best terms? You’ve really got to forgive her, John, it’s nearly Christmas.” Sherlock scolded, dropping the finger into a liquid of some sort before he followed John into the sitting room, removing his goggles as he did so. John set a chair up in the middle of the room, between their chairs, “Oh so she’s a client, is she?”
"Good." John said, shaking out his fist after the hit, "That should bleed." Then he reached into his pocket, pulling out the handcuffs that were previously attached to him and Sherlock. He cuffed one end to Moriarty and then proceeded to drag the frozen body of the criminal behind him and cuffed him to the ladder on the side of the building, "That should hold you." He smiled, admiring his handy work once again and turned, running back down the stairs and out of the hospital, back to Sherlock's side. And then he closed his eyes, concentrating.
“He’s got your address listed on his website, says he’s temporarily unavailable... But I need to see him!” She held up a printed piece of paper and John grabbed it a bit too angrily, staring at the address which was definitely his, listen on Sherlock’s website.
"You're worried." He stated, Sherlock barely glanced his way, "I can feel it, Sherlock. You're not fooling me."
"You're not very happy about this, are you Sherlock?" John asked aloud, even though he knew the detective had heard him in his mind.
Before they knew it, it was Christmas. The flat was filling, to a degree, with their friends, meaning Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Molly, who had just arrived, dressed to the nines.
"Good job, John. You were brilliant." He said, John turned his incredulous gaze upwards, the light of the newly burning fire lighting the detective's smirk.
"It's police work, a small amount of money, barely worth the petrol to get out there." Sherlock rolled his eyes before closing them. John could literally see him retreating into his mind palace and groaned again.
Sherlock sat in his chair, staring across at John, who sat in his own chair, staring back at Sherlock. They remained like this for an hour until one of them finally spoke again.
"No, hold on!" He cut Sherlock off again, "You can't just ell us that and move on! That's a big deal." John smiled, glancing up mischievously at Sherlock who furrowed his brow in confusion. Suddenly the room flicked frozen for a brief moment, enough time for John to get up and put his arm around Lestrade. When he restarted it, Greg nearly jumped out of his skin.
“John-” Sherlock reached out and grasped his wrist, pulling him back to where he was before, his eyes opened, they were wet with unshed tears, John didn’t think twice about reaching out to wipe one away when it escaped down his cheek. Sherlock leaned into his touch, his cheek filled John’s hand in way that felt utterly perfect, John sucked in a small breath, baring his teeth slightly in an attempt to suppress the urge to lean in and capture the moment in a kiss, he couldn’t stop himself moving a small fraction of an inch forward. Sherlock’s all-seeing eyes caught this and he did the unexpected. He smiled, “You don’t have to stop yourself.”
"Your future, should you choose to stay on this path." George said, quite calmly walking to the two men. He held out his hand for John to shake and with a weary look to Sherlock he breathed deeply, taking the man's hand, the same thing happened, his eyes rolled back into his head.
"How? You weren't near us." She said, looking from John to Sherlock, "Something's going on here, I can feel it."
"It's obvious, we go find the Teller and ask her what to expect... And why we've been chosen." He explained as though it should have been obvious to John.
Sherlock sighed, beginning to pass him, but John stayed put, looking at the fire being spat out of the mans mouth.
"I don't know." Sherlock said, turning his head to see Charles standing still, gun held out in front of him.
"I don't know!" He laughed, his voice raising a bit too much, he instantly lowered it to continue talking, "I thought... Maybe you'd be, proud?" He said and Sherlock raised his eyes to look at John, who was standing a few feet in front of him now, he laughed again, "I don't know, I thought... Maybe I was trying to impress you the same way you impress me." With a resounding sigh he turned away, walking into the kitchen, deciding to prepare the two of them tea, because when he got upset, that's what he did.
"It would appear I was mistaken." He raised his eyebrows at the DI and they stood in silence for a moment. John looked to Sherlock who returned the gaze.
“Sherlock!” She called, walking into the room with a tray full of tea and biscuits, “Oh I thought I heard you too, John. Oh and who’s this?” She smiled excitedly, setting down the tray.
“Her room is empty. They’re gone, they’re really gone.” He began to panic and Sherlock’s eyes widened as he grasped the situation. He led John to his chair, taking the letter from his hands as he opened it.
“What’s wrong?” Olivia asked, observing everyone’s uneasy looks, especially Mary’s, who had her hand rubbing at her stomach.
"John?" He heard Sherlock call out, and then he realized that he'd collapsed onto his back, "Are you alright?" A fuzzy and seemingly distant voice called out to him, "Stupid, of course you're alright, I can feel that much." The voice sounded bored, excited and upset all at once. Only Sherlock Holmes could achieve such a tone.
“Uh, Sherlock!” John shouted, following the detective, “Where are you going?” “Clearly you two can’t do this without me. I’m coming in to help.”
“Be a dear and get that, would you?” Mary asked Olivia, who smiled and ran down the stairs, opening the door. There was nothing but a small package, a strange seal on the envelope and when she brought it back into the room, Sherlock and John straightened up.
"Does my nudity hinder your ability to function, John?" The detective smirked a bit after asking the question, only half serious.
"This is strange." He said. John's brows shot up, his head tilted, he opened his mouth to respond and shut it once again, releasing a small sound that was akin to laugh, but could have been a whimper. He looked at Sherlock again.
"Sorry... Psychosomatic pain acts up in stressful times," John explained, getting off the couch and walking to the cowering detective, "Have to admit, I feel
“I think that Mary knew how I felt, she must have, there is not other explanation for her post mortem messages, and she was pushing us together so that we may have a future together. She wanted us to be who we were meant to be, because we were meant to be who we are together.” He released Sherlock’s chin and began to move away, Sherlock’s eyes squeezed tighter and John cleared his throat, getting to his feet, “Alright, I’ve said my peace. Y-you can think on that, I suppose, for a bit. Go into your mind palace, or what have you.”
"But what if they don't believe us?" John asked, knowing the question was dumb the moment it left his lips.
“Fascinating.” Sherlock said after a while, holding out the ‘f’ for a few beats longer than average, “I’ll take the case.” He smirked from her to John who smiled at him.
“Great. Awesome.” She stood, her face unamused as she turned to storm out of the flat, “Thanks a lot. Really.”
"Yes, he's extremely annoying." Sherlock replied, ordering their food. They stood there in not completely uncomfortable silence until it was done. He paid and they left the establishment, heading back to 221B.
“So what do we do?” John asked as he bounded into the flat after Sherlock, Mary on their heels, Mycroft surely wouldn’t be far behind, having come in a different car.
“Bloody...” John clenched his jaw, crumpling the paper as he turned around, swiveling back to her, “Uh, come in, I’ll get dressed. He should be coming home from hospital today...” He smiled awkwardly as she shut the door behind her, stepping into the house. He ushered her into the living room and she sat on the couch, with one last wary glance he ran up the stairs, getting dressed.
“Oh, Hudders,” Sherlock said fondly, John ran his thumb along the sharp cheekbone beneath it and it brought Sherlock back into the moment as John moved closer to his friend, first resting their foreheads against one another’s in a moment of thought, though neither really needed to think anything through. It was more a moment of reflection, a moment of wonder, John leaned back for a moment, his eyes wide and no doubt glossed with tears, they were of course joyous, still Sherlock wiped them away, both of his hands encased John’s face and he pulled him closer.
"John, if you wanted to bring me here as a date, you didn't need to invent a case, though I admire the touch."
“Oh, John...” She said, picking up a folder from the table, “He left this for you.” She handed it across to him and he stare at it. On the front were the letters A.G.R.A. He glanced up from the folder quickly before stuffing it into his jacket, not wanting Mary to see it.
“Um... Yes, write down the names of anyone who knew your mother, came into contact with her, anything that would be helpful, descriptions or otherwise.” Sherlock sounded off quickly, hardly looking up from his computer screen.
) from the air and Sherlock bit back a groan as a tingling sensation shot straight up his spine and into his freshly flushed face. John's hand was pumping around the base as his tongue swirled in ways Sherlock was sure he'd never felt and he could feel the tightness begin as his legs tensed. John's allowed one fist to roll into the muscle of Sherlock's thigh, helping him relax slightly.
Sherlock Holmes might very well have been the toughest man in existence to live with. He was rude, arrogant and nearly impossible to talk to. He’d nearly isolated himself from everyone with his behavior, except for John Watson. He’d spent years trailing after him, helping at crime scenes, helping with social situations, helping him make tea every day, and by helping it meant that John made him tea every day. But, they were mates, eventually he considered him the best. His best friend.
"How?" Sherlock asked, furrowing his brow. John pointed to the gift that Sherlock was about to mention.
"Promise, Sherlock. Even if I'm in danger, don't do anything without..." He breathed, "Without us discussing it. If you die..."
"Please, John." Sherlock almost shouted, rolling his eyes before glancing down at John. His face softened upon observing the genuinely concerned look his blogger was baring.
Sherlock tried his hardest, against his wishes, to hear her thoughts. John asked him to, and after an angry text message from the detective where he stated that he
“You’re right, there is.” John agreed, Sherlock nodded, allowing his head to drop once more as if he’d just heard what he’d needed to hear, “She is the mother of my child, my wife. But she’s also selfish, she does things in a manner in which they benefit her specifically. You on the other hand, you may not go letting on, but you do things with my best interests in mind. You’re the person I see myself spending the rest of my life with, Sherlock, you. Not her. Sure, she’s got my daughter. But I weighed the options... And I would be miserable without you.”
"Very well." Mycroft agreed with an eye roll and hung up. They'd bring in John and Sherlock the next day.
"Dragons do exist, Sherlock." John poked fun, "You just have to believe." Sherlock laughed into his fried rice, almost spitting out his mouthful. He looked across at John, who was staring back at him, his eyes sparkling. A warmth was growing in his chest, making him feel content. He
"Yeah, in uni. Who didn't." John laughed a small, quiet thing, "That's nothing close to what you did."
Sherlock's tongue darted out to wet his lips during the quick break, not wanting them to grow too chapped, though he knew there was no escaping that.
"No, we do. We need to talk about this. What if he tries to take you down? Hmm? He said it, he said the words, a fall is going to start soon... What do you think that means?" John continued to stare, his mouth agape as he waited for the detective's reply, "I'll tell you what it means, Sherlock... He's going to try to discredit your abilities as a detective, and will probably lead to your suicide... Wait." John was surprised at the words that came out of his mouth. Sherlock turned to him fully.
"You're the sod. You can't steal my best insult for you." He smiled and began putting on his jacket.
"Well you're lucky I was able to freeze you." John said quietly, stepping closer to Sherlock. The detective prepared for another hit but was pleased when John pulled him into a hug. He hugged back, resting his face in John's hair, kissing lightly.
Sherlock's fake anger could use some work and John breathed a quiet laugh, looking back fondly at his detective.
Sherlock watched the small mousy girl, Molly Hooper, dance about him. He knew she was trying to get a feel for him and possibly find a way to make skin to skin contact. In the back of his mind he was laughing at her, but he put on a stone cold front. She'd brushed her fingers against his when she gave him his coffee, he was sure of it. But what he was also sure of, was that there would be no electricity, no heat, no forming of a bond. It simply didn't happen. Her disappointment was written across her face, she'd known him for all of one day and was hoping that he was her mate. It was preposterous; she was a smart woman, a woman of science, surely she didn't follow the
"Sorry." Sherlock said shyly and John reached across the table, taking his hand into his, running his thumb across Sherlocks knuckles in an effort to calm him he used a bit of his abilities, just bringing down Sherlocks adrenaline, allowing him to relax.
"I'll walk your dog for you, hey I've said it now. I'll even walk your dog." He put on his best smile and Jeanette was unamused, rolling her eyes.
So sorry for the wait guys, had some familia stuff. Death in the family and all that jazz. It's not jazz... That makes me sound happy about it. Now I feel like a horrible person, holy shit. MOVING ON, ENJOY!
"Well that was a complete waste of time." Mycroft sighed, "I'm sorry, I told you he wouldn't be able to help on this one."
John replied. They sat in silence for a while, breathing in tandem. John hadn't relinquished his grip on Sherlock's shoulder yet, and Sherlock didn't want him to. The closeness was calming and he'd never felt more relaxed, well at least not without the help of narcotics.
“John.” Sherlock said, and the doctor in question looked up, his eyes wild as he ran from the house, flagging down the next cab, Sherlock hot on his heels, climbing in after him.
“I know.” He said, “The sentiment is reciprocated.” John laughed, knowing that’d probably be the best he’d ever get out of the man, and he turned his back on him. It was more metaphorical than he wanted to believe, but as he walked away from Sherlock Holmes, he walked away from that part of his life. He was heading to Montana to stay under the radar.
"The bird on the building across the street? Yes." Sherlock replied quickly before they both realized what he said. They snapped their gaze back to one another and both got up, running to the window to look across the street. And as fate would have it, there was a bird. Its chirps weren't loud enough for a person with normal hearing to observe, but they could hear it loud and clear as if it were in the flat with them.
John sighed, nudging the detective a bit with his shoulder. Sherlock decided the contact felt good so when John moved back to his side of the cab, Sherlock's shoulder followed him, pressing into him. John sighed and looked over at the detective, who was trying to behave normally, as if he hadn't just pressed the side of himself into his flat mate. He didn't mind though,
John's voice rang through his head. They were on nearly opposite sides of the city, and yet they could still communicate perfectly. That was one of the many joys of their connection. It kept growing, kept changing in ways that benefitted them. He sent back feelings of annoyance mixed with contentment. It was a strange mixture, but one he found himself all too familiar with in the past 2 years.
"Sorry, who are you?" John asked, slightly annoyed, though he was sure the bulk of the annoyance was coming from Sherlock.
. John's please tone rang through Sherlock's mind, a gasp escaped as he began to bite down his detective's neck. He started pushing him back until Sherlock almost collapsed into a seat. He caught himself just before falling and grabbed ahold of John's shoulders to steady himself.
"Sherlock." John said softly, his eyes closed. He was beginning to feel a bout of nausea and his head was pounding. Sherlock still didn't move his hand from the doctor's cheek, however, and suddenly his head was being filled with ideas, thoughts and memories that weren't his. John's eyes shot open as he saw a life that he'd never known flash before his eyes. Curly hair, crying green eyes, a red dog. A mean older brother, two parents who were only trying to do what's best. Isolation, fear, oblivion. Affirmation. Love. Hate. Stoic eyes that saw all, but failed to see all at once. This was Sherlock, this was his life, these were his memories,
"I know, I felt you. It was as if you were..." He stopped, knowing the last few words could be deduced, and saying them aloud would involve too much innuendo that he needed to avoid at that moment. They watched the downed assassin get wheeled away by an ambulance crew and followed the detective back to their flat.
“It’s good, John. Calm down.” Sherlock commanded, staring at his friend, almost amused. Olivia on the other hand was smiling widely, completely entertained.
“Oh, my name is Olivia Green... Can you take me to Sherlock Holmes?” She seemed hopeful, sniffing back another fit of tears.
“Oh, good.” She said, the words turning into a moan of pain as a contraction hit, “This is bloody awful.” She cried, John wiped her forehead with a moist towel.
"Ok," He said, standing, John rose almost in sync with him, "Well, thank you for you time." He held out a hand for the prophet to shake, and he took it, reaching out slowly, pulling off his glove in the process. As their hands latched, the Teller became very stiff, his eyes rolled back into his head.
“Anything else?” John asked, grabbing the envelope. He opened it and pulled out a few pieces of straw, “No.” He breathed, nearly dropping it.
“Ah, John, so lovely for you to have come to visit the moment of my brother’s return to Baker Street.” Mycroft Holmes stepped out of the black car, his tone smug as usual as he stared down the army doctor.
With the events of the next few weeks, it was nearly impossible for John to talk to Sherlock about his feelings. He decided against it anyhow, realizing that if Sherlock felt the same, he'd have felt a tinge of something across their bond.
"Don't make me compete with Sherlock Holmes." She said, and John pursed his lips as he heard Sherlock in his head,
"Right, you know... I may not be a Holmes, but I do share a bond with one. I know that you're lying."
“My old room, she seems to like it up there. We could bring her crib so she doesn’t have to keep sleeping in that portable death trap-”
"I can't even..." John sighed when no water came out of the faucet, "I can't even make tea because the water is frozen in the pipes."
“Sherlock wanted to trade state secrets for information on you.” John said, glancing up at Olivia who was staring at them confused, “All the information actually, he wanted to wipe your record clean.”
The case wound up being a death in the country, Sherlock could solve it without even looking at the crime scene, it was hardly worth him putting on clothes and he had half a mind to go back into his room and put the sheet back on if for nothing else but to prove a point to John. How dare he get him out of bed for anything below a six.
John walked Jeanette to the door, walking through it with her, being sure to shut it behind him. She turned around, her smile quickly fading.
He stopped talking suddenly, and John could hear the deductions and thoughts running through his head.
"I did." John replied, taking his hand into his, a glimmer of gold appearing on his other hand and Sherlock felt his stomach twist, "I think you can deduce what I'm about to say to you, but let me say it anyway." He stood from the table, dropping down to one knee in front of his mate, "If you could see your way to being my husband, my life mate, my love... I'd probably be the happiest man in existence." John smiled as Sherlock withdrew one of his hands, cupping the side of John's face.
“Uh... Yes.” John replied, stepping back warily, “Who are you?” He licked his lips nervously and waited for her reply.
"Of course he will, we'll see you at the crime scene tomorrow morning." John answered, not allowing Sherlock to turn down a paying customer.
"You can shut it." John smiled back, "Just tell us why we're here and what we can do for you. If there's nothing else you need us for... If you called us here to show us a few photos of a dominatrix so you can assert some sort of dominance of your own over your younger brother..."
“No, I expect us to retire to the country when we’re older. You’ll take up some obscure hobby, and I’ll keep writing, maybe at some point I’ll write a book about us. Wouldn’t the world love that.” He smiled as did Sherlock.
“You love me.” It wasn’t a question, but an echo of the statement Sherlock just made, the declaration that was hidden by a tone of disbelief.
So he sat and waited, checking his watch every so often, a waiter finally came over, suggesting to him a fine bottle of wine, he accepted it, of course. John looked up into the face of his mustached server.
“She could have just come clean right then and there.” John said quickly, “Instead she chose to shoot my best friend. I mean really, the nerve...” He stopped himself before he got too loud, glancing back at Olivia who had headphones in as she wrote on a piece of paper, “She was only looking out for herself, Sherlock. She didn’t care about your feelings, or mine for that matter.”
“Never mind.” John said, shaking his head harder. Sherlock held out his hand, the sigh all too familiar. John continued to shake his head, “No.” He said and Sherlock withdrew his hand. John then pulled him in for a hug, not letting go until Sherlock hugged him back, “Normally a person returns a hug.”
, under any circumstances, want to know what was going through her head, John told him that he should look at it as a science experiment, forcing the detective to relent. He would do it for science.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mrs. Hudson was in their doorway, holding Rosie, bouncing her up and down. The Baker Street Boys turned, slightly embarassed by their current situation, but Mrs. Hudson didn’t seem to mind, she’d always thought they were together anyway, “Didn’t you hear her crying? Oh probably not, you were so focused on each other. Well, kiss him already, don’t mind me.” She turned and headed down to her own flat with the baby and John turned back to Sherlock who was already beginning to laugh.
"We'll just have to show them, won't we?" Sherlock smirked, getting up from the table and moving to sit in his chair, crossing his legs, waiting. By the time the flashing blue lights appeared outside of Baker Street, Sherlock was completely ready and John was a nervous wreck. He suspected some of the nervousness was from Sherlock, but at the moment he didn't care. He went down to intercept Lestrade, following the man back up to see Sherlock had already readied himself, his jacket was on, his scarf was secure.
“No, it’s fine.” He nodded, “It’s nice to see you finally being honest, please, continue.” He held up his hand, beckoning for her to finish her story.
Luckily his attempts failed and after thirty minutes of trying to register whether or not their 'abilities' worked on their land lady, they gave up. Mrs. Hudson continued to behave like her normal self, no apparent changes, and Sherlock could not hear her thoughts. They sent her on her way, and she said she'd be back up to dust in a few, even though she was
Sherlock pushed John off of him for only a second so he could stand, but the moment he was up, though his legs were shaky, he was kissing John again. He began to push him back to the door, through which he knew there would be a bed, and hopefully some supplies. He reached around John once they got to the door and fumbled for the handle, finding it and pushing in, his lips still connected to his mates. John broke the kiss though briefly, to turn and observe the room, both he and Sherlock found it simultaneously, but John reached it first. He picked up the small bottle and turned to Sherlock who was staring down at his blogger hungrily before he noticed he was still wearing all of his clothes.
"Go." He commanded and they ran. Their cuffed hands made it slightly difficult to run in tandem so Sherlock grabbed John's, the heat that emitted through the connection was a comfortable one, not too scalding.
"Tedious." Sherlock murmured quiet enough that only John could hear, which he could only do so because they had amplified hearing abilities. John turned back to Sherlock and began fixing his shirt, "What are you doing?"
“Olivia Green, we’re going to help her find her mother.” Sherlock sprang out of his chair, pouring himself a cuppa.
“You can stay here.” Mrs. Hudson decided, looking to Sherlock and John, “She can have John’s old room.”
"I saw everything," John said, bringing his hands to his head, rubbing at his temples, "Your entire life."
"I'm fine, Sherloooo-Ow!" He shouted, going from calm to puzzled in an instant. On Sherlock's hands, and his own, where they'd just touched, steam was rising. The skin was beginning to bubble a bit.
I'm gonna have a case chapter after the sexy chapter. Just because it wouldn't be a honeymoon (sex holiday) without a proper case where they get to use ALL of their abilities. Which I will need to list... Probably in that case chapter. I'll have Sherlock make a list. Now that it's decided... BYEE, I'll write the sexy stuff tomorrow (Thanksgiving) cause nothing screams family holiday like smut!
"You see, Sherlock... That's the difference between you and I. You're boring, you're ordinary. You bonded with someone so... So
“Alright.” Sherlock sighed, unsure of what to do, so he remained silent as they made their way to 221B. When they arrived, John sprang out of the car, running into the flat, leaving Sherlock to pay for once. When Sherlock entered the sitting room, John was running into it from upstairs.
