“If the situations were reversed,” Dean complains, now that he’s had a few seconds to catch his breath, “you would totally have done the same thing.  Or maybe not quite as much snow, cause unlike you I can actually be squished, but the double-standards point stands.”
love you need you want you, please please please, Cas, please, love you,” there’s a desperate sincerity to his words, the outward manifestation of how deeply they are felt.  He’s begging, but he couldn’t say what he’s begging for, just that whatever it is, Cas will give it to him.  Cas knows what he needs even when he can’t articulate it or just plain isn’t sure.
If he’d landed just a little differently, he would’ve been able to crawl or tightrope his way back to solid ground, but of course the universe is not that kind to him.  It does him one solid, though, as the sharp yelp that would have given Dean away is lost beneath Sam’s voice.
Chapter-specific tags/warnings: Teacher/Student role-play (implication is that both characters are over the legal age of consent, but WITHIN the role play it can certainly be read as dubcon.  Again, that's a role play, Dean and Cas both consent ENTHUSIASTICALLY to all of the proceedings), butt plugs, spanking, manhandling, humiliation, discussion of a domestic discipline type teacher/student relationship, and let's face it, the pretty clear indication that Dean and Cas are gonna be doing some more of this.  Whether or not we'll actually get to SEE that at some point in the future remains unclear.
He makes it in the nick of time, ducking behind one of the chair’s heavy wooden legs just as an enormous foot clomps down exactly where Dean was standing not sixty seconds ago.  He twitches a little at the thought of being splattered across the bottom of Sammy’s shoe (seriously, though, after everything they’ve survived, how would
He had just about gotten the robe situated when the quiet rustle of clothing behind him drew his attention.  Craning his neck, Dean spotted Cas, who was currently shrugging off his beloved trenchcoat.
“Great idea!  I’m gonna stay here and work on the library.  I’m around if you guys have any more questions!”
To Michael, though—to Michael he says nothing at all, merely meets his eye with a sneer that says that, prisoner or no, beating or no, he still holds in his hands the power to destroy everything that Michael has worked for—and maybe he does.  If he were convincing enough, if that silver tongue were able to work its magic…
“An excellent decision,” Cas says mildly, taking Dean’s elbow in one hand and escorting him back through the front door of the dollhouse.  Dean wonders briefly whether he should be disturbed by the fact that he no longer flinches upon walking into the bubble-gum pink sparkly interior.  Probably nothing to worry about unless he starts getting the urge to voluntarily decorate this way, he figures.
“Ah, yes.  That should give you a little something to think about during practice, Mr. Winchester.  It seems to me that perhaps I should give you a little something else to think about as well, what do you say?”  The hint of mocking in his voice made Dean’s spine stiffen a little in instinctive rebellion (as an actual 18-year-old, nothing had taken him from zero to 60 faster than the sense that adults were laughing at him), but he forced himself to breathe a few times before speaking.
“Oh, no,” Cas assures him, then pats his ass again, this time on the undercurve, deliberately avoiding the plug, “c’mon, up.”
and smiles back, turning his head to brush his lips lightly against the palm of his hand, “and you’re—” there’s not really any precise corollary to ‘good boy’ for a Top, but that’s okay, Dean knows what Cas always strives to be, and can give him the gift of assuring him that he succeeds.  “You’re exactly what I need.  Always.”
Dean was pretty sure that saying ‘thanks, but no thanks, you go on ahead’ probably wouldn’t go over too well, so he managed to restrain himself.  Remembering instead the way things had gone the last time Dean had failed to mention to Cas prior to a scene that he had actual biological needs (the repeated slash of a belt across a certain buttplug came to mind), Dean tipped his head so that he could meet Cas’s eyes and made a face.  “Not to spoil the mood,” okay, so maybe he was a smartass, what of it, “but I’m thirsty as hell.  What do you think are the odds that I can get a water break?”  He paused, then added with a mental eyeroll, “Sir?”
Sam sketches a small wave before departing, and Dean turns to Cas to say something about movie access, but freezes at the look on the angel’s face, barely resisting the urge to demand ‘what?’  It never goes over real well when he does that.
“Consider that a small preview,” Cas growls, as Dean tries to pretend like he’s not reeling (and painfully turned on), “now what do you say?”
His awareness of that simple fact expanded again as soon as Castiel’s hand lifted off his head and the internal battle started up again.  With a sinking feeling, he recognized that he really should have accepted the offer of binding.  Too late, now.
A second later the hand was gone again.  He hadn’t realized how comforting the contact was until suddenly Cas was no longer touching him.
Well, the good news, Dean reflected, was that Sam’s weird and uncomfortable interruptions quite clearly hadn’t been driven by any horrifying, nauseating, incredibly unwelcome desire to join the festivities.  In fact, as his mind wrapped around what Dean was saying, he looked increasingly horrified at the sheer notion that he had any non-platonic or sexual feelings about either Dean or Cas.  Dean, who hadn’t quite allowed himself to really worry that this was the case, was nevertheless incredibly relieved.  He might’ve been a kinky bastard, but he was
But that wasn’t Cas’s fault.  It wasn’t his fault that Dean was willing to crucify himself, that his sense of self-preservation went out the window when it came to Cas.  The angel hadn’t demanded that of him, had never wanted it at all.  And ultimately, he hadn’t taken advantage of it, even though he easily could have done so.
Cas nods solemnly.  “I have no intention of engaging in any carnal activities while we are navigating a new process, Sam.  Your eyes are safe.”
He’s just drawn in a breath to call for Cas when a figure a good deal less welcome comes around the side of a tent.
Dean was not entirely surprised by the feather-light graze of fingernails across the swell of his cheeks, but it still drew in a sharp inhalation.  He knew Cas wasn’t actually trying to start something, merely appreciating the intense sensitivity of his erstwhile canvas, and Dean didn’t try to fight him on it, just sinking back into the echo of the scene that the touch reignited.  Cas’s pleased voice settled over him like a blanket.
Dean glances sideways to see Cas, brow raised and lips twitching.  Dean shrugs.  “Imagine being fourteen and gettin’ to be the one to deliver that kind of news,” he says, and Cas grins, nodding.
Something he was pretty sure was a napkin bounced off the back of Dean’s head as Sam stood up and decamped.  Despite the typical mocking banter, Dean made a mental note that he owed Sam, and should figure out something nice to do for him later today.
“He does seem both woefully unprepared for and unaware of its impacts on him,” Cas agrees, chuckling.  “A moment, I will go locate Stuart.  I am certain he will be amenable to rescuing Sam from his own instincts.”
“I am not interested in your excuses, Mr. Winchester,” Cas broke in sharply, “as you always seem to have a ready supply of them.  It is your own actions that find you here, and you will find that I am unswayed by any arguments that suggest that athletics are more important than your education.  Come in.”
In which Dean hatches a foolproof plan to safely get Sam out of the way.  What could possibly go wrong?
“Some weeks before Amelia was killed, I received a phone call informing me that my ‘daughter’ had been arrested for shoplifting, and if she was not picked up, she would be transported to a juvenile detention facility to await a court appearance.  Obviously, I went to fetch her.”
Help me hold him back.”  Cas is curling forward, into himself, the way someone in great pain does, and Dean takes him by the shoulders and shifts forward, pulling him in so that he can wrap his arms around the angel.
This, at last, fully brings Dean’s attention away from the nose-wiggling, cheese-eating, cat-fearing hilarity unfolding and firmly back to what Sam is actually saying.  “Oh yeah?” He asks, intrigued, “well don’t keep me in suspense.”
The next thirty seconds seemed to go on forever, as Dean held his breath, waiting for the inevitable smack of Cas’s hand against his ass.  It didn’t come, and eventually Dean had to release the breath as his head started swimming.  That exhaled breath was Cas’s signal, and the hand Dean had been expecting fell with a crisp smack onto his right cheek.  He jerked slightly, pressing forward against the angel’s thigh, no doubt smearing precome on those suit pants.  Cas waited only a few seconds before beginning in earnest, the smacks falling quickly but no less sharply for all that.  Dean didn’t generally try to keep count, but he was pretty sure at least twenty hard spanks had fallen on his ass before Cas paused.  Dean was not foolish enough to think they were anywhere near done, but the angel allowed him a brief respite to catch his breath, lightly ghosting his fingernails across the pinkening flesh laid out before him.
And…well.  Thirty highly uncomfortable seconds later, he and Cas stood staring upward at a Sam who was now not so much moose sized as space-shuttle sized, at least in proportion to them.
Sure enough, Sammy slid at considerable speed right into Cas, who went flying at least three feet further down the hallway.  Sam rebounded a couple feet in the direction he had come, the revolver pinwheeling happily into the air, and both angel and sasquatch landed on their asses, leaving Dean standing stark naked between them.  He reached out a hand and neatly caught the gun before it could hit the floor and go off, no doubt blowing either he or Sam away.
Almost instantly a hand tangles in the short hair at the back of his head and jerks, just once, sharply.  The message is clear:
“Mmmm,” Cas hums his enjoyment, working the jeans down to mid-thigh and leaving them there, where they’ll prevent Dean from kicking too enthusiastically, “I do love that sight.  Perhaps the only sight I love more than those round cheeks over my lap, pale and begging for a little color, is the sight of them once I have attended to them properly, when they are not nearly so pale.”
Cas blinked a couple times, startled, and then tilted his head to one side, as if absorbing this new information.  After a moment, his face lit up in a smile of such breathtaking beauty that Dean was struck briefly dumb.  A second later, after moving with the rapid grace that enabled him to be such an effective killer, Dean was straddling the angel’s lap, hands cupping his face as he brought his lips down to Cas’s.  They kissed for a long moment, lazily, with no true intent behind it, before Dean drew back.  “How did I get so lucky, huh?”
A moment later, a familiar, even sweeter smell hit his nostrils, and something soft and a little melty rubbed against his lips.  He opened them reflexively and a small square of something
And Dean’s not a fool, contrary to popular opinion and a fair amount of evidence.  He knows that at some point they’re going to have to figure this out.  At some point he and Cas are going to have to actually sort out how to coexist, how to be in proximity, how to talk to each other, how to work through—or ideally, completely ignore, because denial is a beautiful thing that Dean’s gotten really damn good at—everything that
“Good to be back,” Sam told them cheerfully, having apparently decided to entirely let go of any resentment he might have understandably held over the cause of his depressive episode.  “If I never feel like
Dean set his jaw and narrowed his eyes just a little.  Not enough to get nailed for disrespect, but enough to register his protest.  He was
Dean was pretty sure the tiny bit of softness that had always hung around his belly over the years was gonna be destroyed by the time they got out of here.  This much laughter had to be
Dean grimaced at the missed opportunity, but after a moment of consideration shook his head.  “No, even if that were true, and at this point I honestly don’t think anything would convince him his amateur services aren’t needed, that conversation was still one that belongs only to us.  We did it right.”
The sight is so powerfully erotic that it pulls another pulse and a moan from Castiel, both of which Dean accepts as his due.  Not until Castiel is softening does Dean draw back, letting the cock slide from between his lips with a soft, wet sound.
“I remember,” Dean agreed, “I guess that’s one of the benefits of being built more solidly than the bunker.”  Sam grinned at him and Dean went on, “anyway, I wanted to poke my nose in and see how you’re doing.  I gotta head out, and I’m not gonna be in shouting distance, but use the walkie-talkie if you need anything.  It might…take a little while for someone to get to you, but one of us will come help you out.  Don’t try to get out of bed yourself if it takes some time, okay?  The last thing we need is you faceplanting and splitting your skull open.”
He was pretty sure Cas was still talking, was dimly aware of that gravelly cadence stroking him as soothingly as the hand that still rested warmly on his neck.  The words themselves didn’t seem especially important, as long as that voice kept serenading him.
Dean blinks, and in the split second in which his eyes close the throbbing is gone, his ankle returned to its normal size and shape.
Lucifer is undaunted by his lack of verbal response to the needling.  The bastard is so fucking smugly self-impressed that he could probably monologue for hours with only a brick wall to play off of, honestly.  “Honestly, Deano,” Dean really hates that fucking nickname.  The only two people who’ve called him that were Cole and Meg, and neither of them is exactly on his top ten list—or was, in Meg’s case, “now that I think about it, I can’t believe I didn’t see it before.  I mean, I already knew how sweet little Cassie felt about you.”  He taps his forehead and leans forward conspiratorially, “hard not to know all the little guy’s secrets when we’re spooned so close.  It explained a lot, why he’s always been so willing to sacrifice himself for you, so protective.  What I wouldn’t have called,” he trails a finger along the back of a chair as he starts to move slowly around the table.  Dean, who still hasn’t said a single word since the Devil showed up, starts to back away at exactly the same rate that Lucifer advances, “was that
“Cas.  Ain’t anybody called me that in a good long time.”  Dean’s just opened his mouth to apologize, when Castiel smiles, just a little, and just for Dean.  “I like it.”
know what Cas expects.  By the time Cas comes to him, Dean should be able to sum up coherently what he did wrong and why Cas is going to punish him.
“Roger, good buddy.”  That was appropriate, right?  It meant he’d heard Cas.  Dean was pretty sure that’s what it meant.
“Traitor!” Dean called back down the hallway.  The friendship between Cas and Sam was either one of his favorite things or the bane of his existence, depending upon the day.  When he got back out to the library with his laptop, Sam and Cas were deep in a discussion of the metaphysical themes intertwined with the plot of one of the movies.  Dean handed off his laptop and beat a hasty retreat back to the table, shrugging down at the beer in his hands and opening it to take a swig.  He’d grab Sam another one once he confirmed that his Netflix was back as it should be.
So there were some things planned for this chapter--I had an enormous paragraph of storyboarding, but I only got through about three sentences of it, because the boys decided to get unbearably schmoopy.  Nevertheless, I think it's kind of nice to see another side to their relationship, especially considering what a good look we've gotten at hardass Cas.
For the second time that day, the slam of a door was followed by the sound of Sam rapidly fleeing what he had unwillingly witnessed.  This time, Dean was pretty sure Sam was still shouting denials as he ran.  Dean could practically feel Cas’s shrug as he decided that the damage was already done, and there was no point in ruining a perfectly good climax.  With three more quick thrusts, Cas’s cock pulsed, emptying inside Dean’s still clenching ass.  Cas had the presence of mind only to untie the gag from around Dean’s head before he wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle, resting his head against Dean’s bowed back as they both fought to catch their breath.
There is a moment of silence.  Even that incredibly hard hand stills in its metronomic rise and fall.  Dean has the distinct sense that Cas is employing massive force of will to refrain from laughing at the unexpected and admittedly childish insult.
“Dean?  You have been in there longer than even Sam—“ the voice was coming down the hall and oh God he couldn’t let Cas see him like this, couldn’t let Cas see him at all, had no right to expect it.  He should stand up, should get himself together, put on a good face, smile, but his legs wouldn’t work, nothing would, and the sobs were wracking him so hard that he couldn’t see straight, and his thoughts were a nonstop stream of self-recrimination, a recounting of every sin, every failure, every misstep and then it was just too late and the voice changed, sharpened, deepened with a hint of horror that had to be disgust, because what else could Dean inspire?
So many seeds of the funny, brilliant, clever things in this fic didn’t start with me.  Many, many of the original ideas came from the aforementioned phaelsafe.  Some came from
“Quite alright.  You are also in possession of sex organs that lend themselves toward fun rather than merely reproduction,” Cas points out, and that’s enough to sell Dean on his human assets, even if at the moment it feels weird not to have the capabilities his roach-like instincts tell him he ought.
Being beaten with fists is one thing.  It sucks, sure enough, but there’s honor to it.  Ain’t nothing honorable about having a filthy rag shoved into his mouth and tied in place.  For the first time, Dean fights them, struggling hard enough as they wrestle his shirt off him that it’s a miracle the thing don’t rip.  It does him no good in the end—fight though he may, his shirt is stripped from his back and he’s manhandled around, wrists tied at either end of the broad wagon wheel, spreading his bare back out like a goddamned meal for the Novaks.  He can hear Michael’s laughter in the background as he struggles, and knows well enough that he incited this.  He’s been taunting Michael wordlessly all morning, reminding the man of the damage he could do with a carefully placed word, and this is what he gets for it.
“Pretty much only linguistically,” Dean told him, just a little breathlessly, “because the odds of us restricting ourselves to darkness, which is only—“
“I do not believe it is currently in your best interest for me to venture any closer.  I have made a vow never to lay hands on you in anger, and despite how intense the urge may be, I have no intention of breaking it.”
The whole thing can’t have taken more than eight or nine seconds, despite how much time seems to have slowed, and Dean doesn’t have time to mourn his cousin yet.  Without half thinking about it, he swings easily back astride Baby.
he hisses, and Jeremiah flinches so hard he falls over.  Michael sighs, seeing this, and catches Jeremiah’s arm, pulling him to his feet.  “Don’t fret, Jer,” Michael tells him, damn near kindly.  “It ain’t your fault.  You did the right thing, comin’ to tell me.  I’ll go see what’s what.  I’m sure it’s not as bad as all that.”  The kindness he displays to a scared kid is such a bizarre contrast to the monster Dean knows is at his core that he’s left reeling a bit as Michael goes on.  “Go get Bart and send him to join me, then rouse Castiel and tell him to come take watch while I tend to this.  After you’ve done that, you can head to bed.”
“Certainly, you don’t deserve my cock anywhere near that pretty mouth, but then again, it wasn’t your mouth that sinned against it, was it?”  Dean’s right hand clenched involuntarily, as if to deny the unspoken accusation—or perhaps admit to it.  Cas clearly saw the movement, his lips ghosting upward slightly.  “Indeed, and rest assured that lovely hand will get what is coming to it, in good time.  For the moment, however…”  Cas withdrew his fingers from Dean’s mouth, spreading his thumb and index finger to wrap around the bottom of Dean’s jaw.  They probed in just the right spots (Dean wondered briefly whether human anatomy was taught in angel school or something) and Dean’s jaw opened involuntarily.
“Not everyone,” Cas said with as much dignity as he could muster, “has as filthy a mind as you do, Dean.”
“Tell me again how you’re going to behave for me,” Michael says, and proximity combined with the glow of silver moonlight makes it easy for Castiel to see the way the corner of his lips curls upward just slightly as he gazes down at Dean.  They’re both in perfect silhouette, so Castiel can see what Michael can’t—the way Dean’s fingers curl inward, his hands tightening slowly to pointless fists, still manacled behind the tree.  There is a beat of silence, and then Michael is on him with the speed of a striking snake, crouched close, fingers lacing through Dean’s hair and jerking his head back.  “If you’d like,” Michael murmurs, leaning in to let his breath ghost against Dean’s cheek, “I can remind you—in great detail—exactly
Cas drifts back off at last, secure in the knowledge that he’s not going to be disturbed again, either by cat or boyfriend.
The roach obligingly scuttles down off the bed and follows Dean as he heads for the stairs, Cas drifting in their wake.
“Your hand better not be where I think it is,” comes the familiar growl from the doorway, and Dean rapidly jerks his hand away from himself, opening and closing his mouth a few times as he tries to come up with an excuse Cas will actually accept.
He found it without much trouble, and Dean’s ass had barely stopped fluttering with the aftershocks of his own climax when he felt the warmth and wetness that heralded Cas’s release.  The other man was remarkably silent through it, shaking apart far more quietly than Dean had.
Frankly, if it had been up to him, the thing would never have made it past the front door, but between Sam and Cas, Dean never stood a chance.
Cas groans wordlessly, snaking a hand out from under the covers to seize the cat under his midsection and deposit him neatly back on the floor.  “Not
“Yeah,” Sam piped up, clearly starting to get into the idea, “think about it.  We get a real break and don’t even have to feel guilty about it.”
Cas knew without being told what caused Dean’s hesitation and smiled, stepping in closer to slide his hand reassuringly through Dean’s hair.
As you may have noticed, we are entirely smut free in this one.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, every now and then I find myself getting sucked into these things called plot and character development, which is funny, because I didn't actually intend for this piece to include a whole lot of plot
“In point of fact,” Cas said, as Dean’s eyes slid down to those full lips, slightly swollen and reddened from his efforts, “I came into your room to complete some additional warding in the hopes of keeping Sam out on a more permanent basis, but when I saw you roll onto your back without awakening or even twitching in pain…well.  It seemed a sign that not only were you healed enough for us to return to our recreational activities, but this was an ideal time to celebrate that fact.  Of course, I suppose if you object, I can—“ Cas made as if to rise off the bed, but his face bore a distinct lack of surprise when Dean’s hand shot out and tangled in his perpetually messy hair, starting to urge him back down.  He hastily forestalled the angel before he could go on.
for stepping in as a substitute beta reader and sparing my regular betas additional harassment.  You're a wonder, and I'm obsessed with everything you write.
He lets out a wail into the angel’s mouth, and Cas groans at the sound, maintaining the new angle and giving no quarter on either force or speed.  This is good, because Dean might kill him if he did.  Instead, Dean can do nothing but let his hips fall a little further open, loosening his legs around the angel.
or so they tell me (I'm not entirely convinced).  As a result, this chapter is mostly unbetaed, and any errors in it should be blamed on me and not on my practically superhuman beta readers.  (Feel better,
“Every time I think our lives can’t get weirder,” Dean observes meditatively, lightly stroking Gregor’s…huh.  Some part of his body.  Dean really needs to do some research on cockroach anatomy so he can start calling shit by its proper names, even if only in his head.
“The fuck, Cas?”  So maybe it wasn’t the most eloquent or sympathetic he’d ever been, but in what universe did an angel of the Lord bounce off of closed doors like one of the three stooges?
The convulsion of horror and negation in Dean’s chest at the thought went a long way to defusing his boiling rage at his brother, even though he was almost immediately able to look at the situation more logically and tamp down his fears.
Dean was bent over the kitchen table, gripping its opposite edge tightly as Cas fucked him so hard that the heavy wooden legs were actually scraping across the floor half an inch or so with every thrust.  If it wasn’t for that movement, he likely would never have seen it.
Cas never made him wait, once he finally gave in and begged.  Today was no different.  Dean felt himself lifted to his feet and discovered, somewhat to his surprise, that they held him easily, if a bit unsteadily.  Cas stepped away for a few seconds and then returned, dropping his own folded trenchcoat on the floor in front of the chair.  Cas nudged him the few steps to stand in front of the chair and then placed a hand—his right hand, which Dean realized was just as red and swollen as his own ass—on the nape of Dean’s neck, pressing him gently to his knees, then bending him forward until his torso rested across the seat of the chair, still warm from Cas’s recently vacated ass.  The tie that held his hands at the small of his back was released suddenly, and Cas lifted Dean’s arms in his own, placing them upon the chair’s seat alongside his torso, wrapping his hands around the vertical slats in the backrest.  Dean’s fingers gripped the wood eagerly, grateful for something to hang onto.  A moment later, the tie that had just been freed from around his wrists came around his head, hovering a few inches in front of his mouth.  Cas’s voice, soft, murmured in his ear.
The plan, such as it is, goes off without a hitch.  Cas neatly snags one powerful arm around Dean’s waist, jerking Dean securely against his middle.  He tuts disapprovingly.  “Oh, no, no, no, sweet boy,” he practically purrs, “I am not done with you yet.  Indeed, I have not even
Maybe just this once, he finds it in himself to be generous, and bites back the words of condemnation that want so badly to spill out.
“I love this, Dean.  You, spread out under me, speared on my cock, desperate to speak, to move, to beg, to
“Noted on both counts,” Cas told him cheerfully, adding, “don’t be too sad, Dean.  It’s entirely possible another opportunity for you to stick that gorgeous cock in my tight ass will come along soon.”
“In a moment,” Michael says pleasantly, “I’m going to remove that gag from your mouth, but first you’re going to listen very carefully.”
(Also, the next update will probably include some more smut, for those of you patiently awaiting it.)
As it is, he does have to suppress a snort (he’s pretty sure Cas would not take kindly to Dean expressing anything but the utmost remorse at the moment)—but that only lasts until the sound of a sharp crack is followed up by searing pain suffusing the top third of his ass.  Jesus Christ, no wonder Cas decided to go with this fucking thing.  It’s heavier than the belt and dramatically wider, able to cover a large portion of his ass in a single blow.  It’ll get the job done a great deal more efficiently, Dean supposes, inhaling sharply.
“I’m sure,” Dean says, not letting him finish.  “I been wondering what you taste like since—well, maybe since that first night, and having you wash the taste of Michael out of my mouth is just a bonus.”
Cas sent him off to the kitchen with a brief, rough kiss, a single firm smack to his sweatpant-covered ass, and a darkly promising smile.
Nevertheless, he tossed that irrepressible grin over his shoulder at Cas, even topping it with a saucy wink, and thoroughly enjoyed the way the angel’s eyes flared wider and then narrowed dangerously.  Those eyes promised all manner of things, as soon as Cas got him alone—particularly because, as the angel well knew, that moment would not arrive for some time now.
After setting the animals down on the floor, Sam claps Dean on the shoulder and Eileen leans down to kiss his cheek, smiling warmly.
Nevertheless, all the evidence was that Cas had big plans to exact all manner of delicious (or mundanely irritating, e.g., the hand-cock-ban) revenge for Dean’s ungentle treatment of him.  At this point, it was clearly just a convenient transgression Cas could point to as deserving of punishment rather than something that truly angered the angel.  Still, convenient excuse or not, attempts to draw Cas’s attention to the fact that any discomfort Dean had caused him was fleeting would probably not be well-received.  Discretion being the better part of valor, he kept these observations to himself.  In the meantime, an idea had begun to assemble itself in the back of Dean’s mind.  It was a risky move, but it played into Cas’s most recent rules, and the sheer cheek of it appealed irresistibly to Dean’s natural mischievousness.
Dean once again found himself with jaw hanging open as he tried to wrap his brain around yet another new revelation.  “Rude?  You…and he…it’s...Cas, he’s the
“What the fuck, dude?  You didn’t just throw me under the bus, you practically did a little dance to celebrate what it looked like when I splattered!”
Castiel retires from the cook tent hastily, canteen slung over his shoulder and chili guarded carefully in each hand.  Wouldn’t do to end up with both knocked on the ground by some cousin in a foul mood, and while Michael might persuade Cook to give him another round to feed the prisoner, he knows damn well ain’t nobody would authorize Castiel himself to get a second helping, no matter where the first ended up.
By the time the voice rang out above him the last time, Dean was pretty sure he was gonna make it.  “One more minute, Dean.  If your mouth cannot get the job done, I am going to bend you over the edge of the bed and take my pleasure from your ass instead.  But first, the cock cage for you.”
Cas’s face is a mask of agony, twisted up with the force of will it is taking him not to move, to wait and let Dean adjust to his girth.  Dean is having none of it.  He forces the words out past gritted teeth.
Cas’s eyes welled up at those words and Dean stepped forward, climbing onto the bed and crawling up the angel’s body.  He kept himself up far enough that there was no unintentional brush of skin against skin, leaning over to gently wipe the dampness from beneath those beloved blue eyes.
understand if this little…interlude has taken you out of the proper headspace.  We can pause or discontinue entirely.  If you wish it, I will unbind you, no questions asked.  I will be neither disappointed nor angry with you.”  Honestly, this little speech was unnecessary.  Dean had safeworded twice in their time together—neither time because Cas had gone too far, simply because Dean found himself in a headspace that was very wrong, and knew he needed to cut off the scene before he sank deeper.  Both times, Cas had been immediately responsive, the very definition of caring and solicitous.
His chest thrums with his own contented hum as Cas draws back once more, then slides back in.  This time, though, Cas continues the movements, taking up a slow, gentle rhythm, and although he still feels it acutely when the angel’s hips make contact with his tender ass, it doesn’t even begin to approach the pain threshold they skated along last time.
Dean was too focused on the pair of breakfast pockets steaming on the plate (his sense of smell reliably informed him that they were bacon, egg, and cheese—his favorite!) to spare much attention for the fact that Sam was clearly still at it.  Actually salivating, he leaned over the plate to inhale the fragrant steam greedily.  Yeah, he could cook like a mofo, but every now and then you just wanted a hot pocket.  Add on the fact that this meant he could eat breakfast without having to face Sam’s latest research, and this was the best morning ever.
Cas’s lips quirk upward, the corners of his eyes crinkling, and it’s like the sun has come out.  Turning, he heads back for the cave, tugging Dean in his wake.
Instead he let his legs, now shaking from what he would resolutely insist was solely the aftereffects of his fear for Sam’s life (it certainly had nothing to do with how high the stakes for this conversation were for the future of Dean’s love life), give out on him.  He slid silently down the wall to land in a graceless pile on the floor, closed his eyes, and listened for all he was worth.
He didn’t entirely register the trip down to the dungeon, lost deeply enough inside his own head that he blinked a few times in surprise upon realizing that he stood immediately outside the storage room that harbored the secret entrance.  Swallowing twice, hard, he suddenly became aware of a pressure in his bladder that demanded attention.  He turned his face downward, glaring as though the rebuke might suddenly make his urinary tract change its mind.  Unsurprisingly, this was unsuccessful, and Dean spent a few long moments battling with himself over his next move.
The shudder that raced through Dean went bone-deep, and he found his head bowing before the angel in an involuntary gesture of submission.
“Oh, shit, you don’t suppose Sam’s hanging himself from the light fixture with a tie or something, do you?”
Dean paused in mid-pour, set down the bottle, and crossed the several steps to plant a kiss on the angel’s slightly startled face.  “That,” he told Cas, pausing to kiss him again, “is the sexiest, most selfless thing I have ever heard.”  He concluded with a third kiss, then strolled back over to finish pouring, while Sam watched indulgently.  Cas stood in pleased but puzzled silence for a moment, as if he wasn’t entirely sure what had just happened but was fairly certain it was a good thing.  Then, with a slight shrug, he headed over to the other end of the long table where the board game was set up and sat down, turning his gaze expectantly to Sam and Dean.
I can't promise you that updates are going to be coming as frequently or as reliably as they were prior to surgery, but I'm going to attempt to get back into a fairly regular writing schedule, which should mean an update every few days.  As always, if there's going to be a delay, I'll keep you in the loop about why.
“Those…things and I have an understanding,” Sam told him with dignity, “I acceded the kitchen to them, and they stay the hell out of everywhere else.  And the least
That does it.  Dean never calls Cas by his full name, and certainly not in mid-spanking.  Cas freezes, hand presumably halfway to another swat, and Dean doesn’t actually have to explain himself, because the house gives its hardest shake yet, and a very loud and outraged squeal breaks the newly established quiet.  Dean couldn’t begin to say how the hell he knows that the sound in question is outraged, but he’s entirely certain of it.
There was a low grunt of acknowledgment and the sound of a chair creaking.  Dean’s mind filled in the gaps with an image that might or might not have been accurate, of Cas leaning forward in his chair and resting his elbows on his knees and his forehead in his hands.
Dean paused, considering this, reviewing his own words in his head before he snorted, “Yeah, I guess I did.  I mean, can you fault me for accuracy?”
Dean heard his own sharp inhalation more than felt it, freezing as if the angel who was plastered to his back might suddenly lose track of him.
weakened by the banishing, clearly exhausted, but he never complains and never asks for a break.  If things were different, Dean would give him one anyway, would pretend that he needed a rest—but
“Reasonable chance she falls lame and either you end up caught or she has to be put down when all is said and done,” Uriel agrees, and Michael nods, cursing again, working hard to sell it.
Dean was the first to even begin to catch his breath enough to demand between wracking coughs, “the fucking
Not to be outdone, Punk immediately tugs the rat close against his furry belly, and about thirty seconds after Dean was completely certain that Stuart had been murdered at the hands of a vicious killer of a cat, he finds himself watching as the animals in question fucking
“I didn’t ask whether you were sorry,” Cas says, his voice deliberately and ostentatiously long-suffering, “I just told you to
“As I was not given a prior accounting of rules, I cannot be held responsible for any inadvertent breaches of etiquette.”  The angel’s voice is grave, and it’s such a juxtaposition against the total ridiculousness of the situation that Dean has to bite his own lip to keep from losing it again.  He chances a peek over the top of the bush just in time to see Sam finally wallow his way out of the pile of snow Cas buried him in and whip another snowball at the angel.  Dean has to admire his reckless disregard for life and limb, but it doesn’t prevent him from taking the opportunity to nail Sam directly in the chest while he's distracted, then duck back down.
Offering Cas a nod in response to the question, Dean clarified, “yeah, exactly.  Like, if I’d been calm enough to think about it carefully before the first junkless-Ken-doll moment, I would’ve known you’d probably hear it.  Actually, come to think of it, I wasn’t totally surprised when you did.  I guess what I would say moving forward is, let’s assume that if you hear me thinking something obnoxious at you, it’s intentional, and if you go to hold me accountable and I don’t feel okay about it, or I feel like it’s something you weren’t supposed to hear, I’ll use the colors and we can talk it out.”
“I suspect,” said Cas, “that at this point it would not be unreasonable to leave a tray outside his door.  I rather imagine we do not top the list of people Sam is anxious to see at present.”
Had it not been for the angel, who returned some time later (the angle of the light had changed enough that Dean guessed a couple hours had gone by), the two of them might have sat there all day, neither eating nor drinking, maybe not even getting up to use the bathroom.  Cas would have none of it though, and very firmly sent each of them to shower and shave in turn before sitting them down in front of MREs—it turned out there was one kind of meal the angel was actually capable of fixing without disastrous results—and insisting that they eat.
“Well,” Dean replies, “the trots ain’t exactly at the top of my list for why people show up looking wracked with guilt.  I figured you musta done something more…permanent.”
“I know, babe, I’m sorry.  Really, I am,” he told Cas, with perfect honesty.  He, unlike certain people in the room, wasn’t a sadist.  He hadn’t actually gotten any pleasure out of hurting Cas, but it had been the simplest expedient for ending the scene without blowing their cover, especially since Sam had been oddly intent upon them.  Cas continued to eye him with sullen mistrust, cupping Cas, Jr. as if Dean might randomly execute another assault upon it.  Dean bit back a grin and very gently reached out to pull Cas’s hand away.  “C’mon, now, let me see it.  You gotta let me see if there’s any real damage.”  There wasn’t.  He already knew there wasn’t, but humoring Cas was definitely the way to go here.
“You have already vetoed healing you, which means I cannot be held responsible for the results if you force my hand,” Cas observed flatly, “so I would recommend not testing me.  You are going across my knee one way or the other.  If you choose to make it voluntary, it will merely be for an inspection and the application of your aloe gel.  If I have to put you there, we can start the morning with a spanking, regardless of the shape your backside is already in.  Now get your pants off and your ass over here.  I am not telling you again.”
They settled back into the rhythm of it, the give and take, and by the time Dean counted off the seventeenth stroke, he was writhing against the table, unable to stop his restless movements, wrists straining against the chains that held him bent forward.  Rather than rebuking him, Cas merely stepped forward, pressing his groin against Dean’s left hip, his left hand settling onto Dean’s right hip, trapping him against Cas’s body so that his ass was held motionless for the next stroke, which wasted no time in falling with merciless force.  This one hit directly at his ‘sit spot,’ the tender area where thighs met ass, and Dean realized only when he heard his voice break on the count that he had begun to cry.
So—yet another rule for himself.  Yet another restriction to add to the many.  Yet another thing Dean mustn’t do, another thought he mustn’t think, another place he mustn’t go.  What’s one more, really?
“I am,” Castiel says seriously, and Dean wonders whether he really doesn’t understand sass and sarcasm or if he just mostly chooses to ignore it.  “Can’t offer much that’s real exciting, but I’ve got water and I’ve got jerky.”
“Dibs on the shower,” he told them weakly, “mostly because I don’t trust the two of you not to use up all the hot water getting busy.”
Dean hears Cas huff out a breath in satisfaction.  Since the rat is clearly disinclined to listen to Cas’s explanations, maybe he’s more likely to hear Dean out.
—Cas had only managed to get the blindfold off and get one arm unfastened while Dean was lost in that magical headspace before he spotted Sam—
They only really started to experiment with really heavy belt use last winter, but they’ve made up for lost time in spectacular fashion since then.  They’ve played with number of strokes, placement (Cas really enjoys what it’s capable of doing to Dean’s inner thighs.  Dean does not), relative force, positions—the point is, Dean’s no stranger to the thing, and although it’s been several weeks since it last came out to play, it turns out he’s more than capable of taking well upwards of twice the strokes they maxed out at last winter.
What Sam flatly refused to tell them was how the hell he figured out where they were in the first place.
Just like that, the bindings wrapped around Cas’s wrists simply…fell away.  The tie unraveled itself, as if by magic (and really, what else was angel mojo), and Cas sat up, his arms lifting to wrap Dean in close against him.
unprecedented.  The twenty strokes of the belt Cas had delivered a week ago had been the most Dean had ever taken in one sitting by a good five strokes.  Prior to this, the belt had come out maybe a total of ten or twelve times over the course of several years, and it wasn’t because they played infrequently, it was because their play had generally been more…well, playful.
good.  You are my very good boy.  Which is why I want to again clarify that this is not a punishment.”
But before we say goodbye to our snowbound friends, there's still some shenanigans to be had.  See y'all on Wednesday for the next update!
“See, yeah, I know,” Dean finished, lips twisting wryly.  Cas turned to put the coffee down on the bureau before Dean made a quelling noise, “hey, don’t put that down.  You can look all you like, but only if you bring that with you.”
“Indeed, the purity of his selflessness is one of his finest qualities,” Cas agreed readily.  Dean was pretty sure the heat spreading across his face was a flush at the praise that was offered with such easy matter-of-factness, “but given the things that we do, it is even more important that he reserve attention and a place of importance for his own needs.  Knowing, as I do, that this is difficult for him, I must work all the harder to remain attuned to him, particularly when I am demanding that he lose himself entirely in whatever I am subjecting him to.”
“I never said I wasn’t going to touch you, Dean,” came Cas’s words, disproportionately gentle, “I can touch you non-sexually.  I revel in touching you, whether sexual or not.  Being close to you is not merely a means to an end to me.  Feeling my skin against yours, the warm weight of you in my arms—it is its own reward.”
“Indeed,” Cas agreed reflectively, “he generally seems to regard your perceptiveness as an imposition rather than a gift, but that is largely because you are usually right about him.”
“Anyway, I think with your skin tone you’re probably better off going with jewel tones.  A nice sapphire or emerald or r—“
The second comes on the heels of the first, earning a muffled yelp, and when the third lands unerringly at the seam of ass and thighs, Dean’s too wrapped up in the pain to feel embarrassed about the fact that he’s started kicking like a little kid.
“Oh,” said Cas brightly, “I did not pick that up from Metatron.  I enjoy Rocky and Bullwinkle.  I find Snidely Whiplash amusing.”
“I should’ve let him smite you,” he told Sam grumpily, “and as for you,” he pivoted back to Cas, “if you’re ever hoping to get
“Do you—could I—since I’m the one who brought the tip, who found out, I think I should be allowed to come on the job,” he says, and Michael can see the effort it takes him to say this, how much it costs him to bravely insist that he be given this right.
And, yeah, maybe actually making Sam think there was a real cockroach in the kitchen had been just a little mean-spirited.
I promise there will be more from me in the future that’s not DD, so check in here and there if the urge strikes.  I’m currently working on two other projects (one I’ve mentioned before; my DCBB with Dangerousnotbroken.  The other is a sequel to
“If you would simply stop running, the game would lose its appeal to him,” Cas says, starting to sound a little less patient.  Dean has the distinct sense that he’s on the verge of being in the Cas kind of trouble in addition to the mortal peril kind of trouble, and that’s such epic levels of bullshit he doesn’t even know how to process it.  If he ends up getting his ass handed to him because Cas’s sadistic little (okay,
He doesn’t have much time to think on that, though, before the familiar sound splits the air before finding its mark across the fullest part of Dean’s ass.  He grunts, hands scrabbling for purchase and finding nothing to grasp onto, and it turns out the really brutal thing about being gagged for this is that, with no chance of Dean counting off strokes or thanking him, Cas sees no reason to provide any kind of real pause between the hits.
Dean glances at the pool, then at Cas a little doubtfully.  The water certainly seems to be fresh, but it ain’t near big enough for a grown man to—
Dean expected the angel to be after him in under thirty seconds—maybe a little longer if he wanted to apologize to Stuart and his beloved
Dean knew enough about such things to recognize that this wasn’t a permanent or a perfect fix.  There would be moments—probably many of them—in which Cas second-guessed himself.  In which he got lost in his own head and fell back down the rabbit hole.  Moments in the dark in which he would once again question what he was capable of, would again flay himself alive for the things that had never happened.
—the next stripe fell against the inside of his right thigh, just as mercilessly as every stroke before it.  The whimper it tore from him was louder still, and he actually had to work hard to keep his wrists where they were, because the tie (although wrapped around his wrists) still wasn’t actually tied.  Dean rather thought Cas had been intending to unwrap it almost immediately and thus hadn’t bothered retying it, but had found himself getting swept back up in the renewed scene and forgotten all about it.  Whatever, he could manage to keep his hands at the small of his back without help for fifteen minutes.  It was the least he could do.  He just had to breathe through the pain, and be prepared for—
so long?  By the sounds he’s making, Michael is more than enjoying it, but he still hasn’t spilled himself, not even when he moans a little louder, his tone approving.  “There we go.  Much better, even if you’re only using your best tricks to try to speed things up.  I wouldn’t get too hopeful; I’m a man now, not little more than a boy, ready to spill so quickly anymore.  And anyway, I think maybe we’ll test another skill you’ve shown me,” he adds, and then Cas cringes as Michael’s fingers tighten in Dean’s hair before he again presses himself in deep, until Dean’s nose nestles in amongst the tangle of dark hair at his groin.  Soft choking sounds come from Dean, abortive coughs, and Michael tsks like a disappointed governess.  “Come now,” he says, “you can do better than that.”  He draws back, gazing down at Dean with his head tilted.  “Breathe,” he instructs, and Dean does, gasping once, twice, before Michael presses all the way in once more.  Castiel can see Dean’s throat working in the moonlight, can see the involuntary tears born of near-gagging begin to leak from the corners of his eyes.
Now that the logistics are out of the way, let's have a chat.  (If you're ace or celibate, feel free to skip the next little bit, cause it doesn't apply to you.)
“—not saying that, but you cannot know the level of openness that is asked of him,” Dean wasn’t sure what Cas wasn’t saying, he hadn’t caught that part.
When you lived on the road, charting your life by the minute differences between a series of crappy motel rooms, there were a lot of things you missed out on.  Washing dishes, folding sheets, making beds, and organizing closets were probably not uppermost on the list of things most people who laid their head at the same place every night would call themselves lucky to do.  Indeed, those few peers who had found out what they lived like while Dean was growing up had often professed themselves jealous that those sorts of mundane chores did not figure into Sam and Dean’s everyday life.  Dean, however, would’ve given a great deal to have the opportunity to bicker over who was going to do the dishes and whether or not he needed to make his bed.  He’d tried to explain to Sam, in their early days in the bunker, how much it meant to have a place to call home.  Sam hadn’t really grasped it, although he did seem to regard the bunker as more than just a workplace that he happened to sleep in these days.  Dean was still grateful for the bunker every day, but this—the feeling that suffused him as he watched Cas stack dishes into a cabinet—it was more than that.  It was about more than having someplace to come home to.  It was about having some
“I believe you are.  And nearly sorry enough, but Dean?”   He knew instantly that Cas was actually expecting a response this time, the merciless bastard.
Honestly, Castiel would’ve long since been exiled if he weren’t so goddamn useful in matters of strategy—pretty much the only reason he ever finds himself summoned to Zachariah’s side.
They came back to themselves slowly.  Cas’s body was flush with Dean’s now, his softening cock still anchored within.  Their fingers were tangled, foreheads pressed tightly together as they panted, mouths scant centimeters apart.  Long seconds rolled out quietly, and when Cas’s voice spoke, he sounded no less wrecked than Dean felt.
“I would think very carefully before you choose to open that pretty mouth, Dean, or you might find yourself gagged as well.”
And, just for a bonus, the sensual payback once Cas finally did get him alone would be delicious, whatever form it might take.
The next creature the game threw them made Sam almost paroxysmic with joy (“Oh my God, it’s a hippogriff!  BUCKBEAK, IS THAT YOU?!”), and while it was fairly large, it didn’t seem especially aggressive, content to hang out on the floor, blinking at them blandly.  That is, until Cas drew his next card and read it out:
Dean knows it, and Dean is going to find himself on his knees, half naked before a man that looks like Cas but
A single glance at the mammoth figure of his “little” brother reveals a Sam who is clearly quite pleased with himself.  This could either be very good or very bad.  If Sam has somehow managed to construct an itty bitty salad, Dean sort of thinks he might requisition Cas’s toothpick and stab his brother repeatedly in the Achilles tendon.  He knows Sam won’t be able to make out what he’s saying until he’s a lot closer than the doorway, so he waits impatiently until the kid is in the process of crouching, a tea saucer balanced in one enormous hand.
He had the presence of mind to reach down a hand to Cas, who accepted the help.  He was halfway to his feet when Sam came sprinting down the hallway brandishing his revolver, still clad in the same flannel pants, t-shirt, and socks from last night, hair going in at least seventeen distinct directions, and eyes heavy with sleep.
“No,” Dean agreed readily, “it’s worse.  Way worse.  Pretty sure your dulcet tones made the angel over here question the existence of God.”
“About three and a half hours.  You went down hard, and were showing no signs of waking up.  I would have let you rest, but you really do need to eat and, for that matter, drink something.  Your body has been through a great deal.  Healed or no, we must treat it with the kindness it deserves.”
Dean had to marvel sometimes at just how effortlessly Cas was able to follow his train of thought.  Not even trying to deny it, Dean shrugged and offered his most charming grin.  “Well, it would be an extra waste of time if I made Sam a sandwich, brought it to him, came back, and then had to interrupt my research a second time to go make another sandwich and eat it.  Combining my efforts is really a time-saver in the end.”
“Perhaps not,” Cas says, his lips quirking up in what sure as shit looks like the barest hint of a smile, “but how about out of these?”  He takes a step back and points at the floor just beneath the sigil, several inches away from the wall.  A moment later, Dean’s eyes settle on what Cas is indicating.
The angel went on, “that your sarcasm might be a bit less prominent at the moment.  What good is a belt to the ass if it doesn’t produce some manner of attitude adjustment?”  Dean was silent for a few seconds, searching Cas’s eyes for clues as to how he should play this.
Cas, who had lifted his head to look at Dean (thus pausing the festivities entirely, once he was out of contact with the handprint), frowned slightly, brows knitting as he took in Dean’s posture, the lines of tension etched on his face now that Sam was no longer looking at him.  Leaning in, he pressed his lips against Dean’s ear, but when he spoke this time it was neither promise nor threat.  He was not the perfectly controlled Dom, meting out the promised punishment, he was simply Cas, the love of Dean’s entire fucked up life.  The kindness and concern in his voice were palpable, as real—even moreso—than the phantom touches.  “Dean.  Do you need me to stop?  Do you need to use your safeword?”  That warm voice didn’t merely give permission, it provided the absolution which Cas would resolutely insist Dean would never need for using a safeword (but which he would likely still always
Dean wants to cry, but in a good way.  A burst of familiar heat goes through him, maybe a little hotter than usual this time, perhaps because his injuries were so bad.  Suddenly he is blinking through undamaged eyes, his teeth all back where they belong, ribs knitted back into place, lungs functioning normally.  He is healed, but the hands haven’t released his face, continue to cup his cheeks.  The thumbs—
“Uh huh,” he says, not responding to the implied threat because, at the moment, ignoring it is a hell of a lot less likely to be hazardous to his ass than replying with what he wants to say, “well on that note, while all of you enjoy your blissful reunion, I’m gonna go inside.”
“The disappointment of your missing barbs notwithstanding,” Cas says comfortingly as he ushers Dean through the front door and shoos him toward the stairs, shutting the door before he turns to follow, “you do have more than a few non-roachlike assets that have served you well.  Taste buds, for instance, that enable you to enjoy things like burgers and—”
“I know.  I’m sorry, Cas.  I just…trust me on this, okay?  If I need you to heal me, I’ll let you know, but for the moment, I really need you to let me work through it without hovering like an anxious mother hen.  We can’t do this if you’re going to be so wracked with guilt that you can’t bear to look at the aftermath, you know,” Dean told him, proud of himself for actually managing to put words to his feelings, even while he still felt half-drugged with sleep and the aftermath of the endorphin rush.
when he catches a flash of movement out of the corner of his eye, something moving through one of the brighter patches ahead of him.
“You know,” the angel murmured, voice deepening, “I was going to give you a pass for today since we’ve had a busy morning, but we do still have the matter of your bad behavior to discuss.”
Sam must’ve heard something in Dean’s voice because he glanced up at him again, a little more sharply.  Then his face softened as he changed the subject. “Hey, don’t worry about cleaning up the dungeon.  I’ll take care of setting it back to rights.  I know you were just trying to help.”
“I think that’s a pretty safe bet,” Dean assured him, rubbing one hand over his mouth to conceal how hard his lips were shaking with the effort not to laugh.  “When did you figure out YouTube, anyway?”
He has no answers.  He has nothing at all, he can do nothing at all, as Michael leans back enough to search Dean’s face.  “I’m going to unshackle you now,” he tells Dean, “because the way Bart and Uriel got you chained up ain’t currently convenient for me.  Now, you may be inclined to go back on your word, so I want to be clear that if you so much as think about trying to fight, trying to flee, I will put a bullet through each of your knees and
He knows none of this, just now.  Now, just for this moment, Dean is happy—is ecstatic.  Has never felt more fulfilled, more satiated, more
Cas’s snickers have developed into full-on chortling at this point, and if Dean weren’t so annoyed by this failure, he’d probably be joining in.  For the moment, though, he settles for yelling at the top of his lungs into the phone.
“Just like he did to me,” Dean says quietly, his face a picture of revulsion that Castiel knows perfectly well ain’t meant for him.
Cas had actually opened his mouth to defend himself when he spotted the look on Dean’s face and his lips twisted wryly.
Dean’s stomach has started to growl at the scent of rich meat—beef, he thinks—from the cook tent, and he’s just wondering whether someone will think to bring him some supper before Castiel wakes up when Michael himself strolls into the clearing, a steaming bowl of what looks like beef and beans in one hand.  He’s shaved sometime in the last couple hours, even washed his hair by the look of it.  Changed his pants, too, if the lack of dried vomit on the pair he’s wearing now is any indication.  He looks as if he’s smartened himself up to go courting, and the realization that that’s probably just about what he thinks he’s done almost kills Dean’s appetite despite how good the food smells.
Cas rolled his eyes before settling them on Dean, at which point they sharpened noticeably.  Dean, who had nearly forgotten that he was standing with his naked ass to the mirror, pants still only halfway pulled up his thighs, glanced down at himself and then snorted.  The angel, who seemed to feel that the issue of the coffee was secondary to joining Dean in an inspection of his ass, predictably blazed right past Dean’s questions.
He’s halfway down the stairs before he realizes that maybe Sam’s shouting because of some kind of emergency, because something’s really
Yeah, fine, he’s attracted to Cas, he can sort of halfway cringingly acknowledge it to himself.  And it makes sense.  The angel is a good-looking dude, with his strong jawline, full—if chapped—lips, ice blue eyes, and—well, the details don’t matter, suffice it to say he’s no slouch in the looks department.  Cas is also one of his best friends, one of (at last count) two people on the planet that Dean trusts implicitly and entirely.  The other is his brother, and Dean most definitely does not find
“If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were courting me with such a gentle hand,” he retorts to Bart, and gets a backhand that splits his lip in payment for his trouble.
“That will not be a problem,” Cas speaks up smoothly as Dean opens his mouth to defend himself, “I will ensure that we only reach out to you for legitimate needs, Sam.”
“I snarked at you and Stuart and slammed a door in your face, yeah, but you basically laughed in mine, and only one of us was honestly terrified at the time.  So this is my line in the goddamn sand.  I’m not asking you to punish me for this.  I’m not
And if what he was so excited about was how much more light was coming through a towering wall of windows rather than the festively wrapped presents stacked beneath a twinkling, ornamented tree…well, priorities changed, okay?  If his three-year-old self had been trapped somewhere for a month, he would’ve been at least this excited about the possibility of escape.  He also probably would’ve thrown way more tantrums.
“Bartholomew.”  Castiel says, tipping his head in a nod cold enough that Dean damn near feels a chill despite the stifling air.  And then, surprising both Bart and Dean, he turns his head enough to encompass Dean and tips another nod, this one unreadable.  “Winchester.”
There’s something both oddly comforting and unsettling about the presence of his comatose passenger.  Comforting because, at the least, the fact that Cas is right here, face smooshed against the window as his chest rises and falls rhythmically, means that he’s one less thing to worry about.  He’s here, he’s safe, and given some good rest, he’ll be back to—well, not normal, Dean supposes, because what the fuck would normal even
“And this one is coming further north than the last one,” Cas continued soothingly.  “Perhaps the next one after this will make it to us.”
speak, can you?  Pity.  If you could, perhaps if you had pled prettily enough, it might have moved me to mercy.  You remember your signal?”  Dean nods once, jerkily, tapping Cas’s ankle three times in demonstration, and Cas slides a hand gently through his hair, just once.  “Good boy.  Use it if you need it.”
Cas looked thoughtful.  Just as Dean was starting to seriously reconsider his whole smiting plan, the angel shrugged slightly.  “Not your best work, perhaps, but under the circumstances I think it will have to do.”
As it was, and despite Sam’s untimely (if predictable) interruption, Dean had rarely felt less hazy or out of it in the aftermath of a scene.  Quite the contrary, he felt calm, crystal clear, content—even energized.   In fact…
“You know, it’s not like you’re exactly coming up with a stream of ideas yourself,” Dean told him, a little grumpily.
Dean couldn’t have said what it was that clued him in.  He didn’t think he’d consciously registered any noise, although there must have been at least
“Tell me,” Cas says, as if he didn’t hear a word Dean just said, “if I am wrong, but I have been led to understand multiple times that when Sam was small, you were responsible for meeting many of his needs.”
Cas hummed wordless agreement before Dean heard the soft tread of his shoes carrying him over to the pantry.  He finished up washing the second bowl and set it beside the first in the dish drainer before grabbing the sponge to wipe down the counters.  They probably didn’t need it, but making sure he left the kitchen spotless was a habit from one too many temp jobs short-order cooking to make sure there was enough to feed Sammy while Dad went off for weeks at a time.
“Dinner’s a little late tonight, but I brought extra to make up for it,” Castiel’s voice floats across the clearing, familiar and welcome and shortly followed by the man himself.
Breath coming quickly as that familiar squirming heat settled into his groin, Dean reluctantly gave in.  He could feel the flush creeping up his neck to his cheeks and wasn’t sure whether it was born of arousal or humiliation—he certainly had ample amounts of both at present.  “You…said you were going to bend me over your lap and spank me until my ass glowed, then fuck me,” he choked out.
Cas stared blankly at him, clearly not understanding the reference, and chose to respond as though Dean hadn’t just shaken a fist in his face for no reason he could divine.
The sound of footsteps retreating back down the hall toward the library followed, and Dean sagged against the door before (for the second time in about five minutes) jerking upright with a yelp as his now naked ass contacted the hard wood.
Dean was too lost in the seconds leading up to his climax to really register the sound that came from the hallway behind them.  Cas must have been more with it, because Dean
“Of course I do, Sam, but I also believe that Dean demands near perfection of himself when it comes to giving me what he believes I want from him, regardless of how careful I am to reassure him that I want only what he wants to give,” Cas responded earnestly.
He suddenly realizes, for the first time, as he feels a drop of water slide from the tip of Cas’s nose onto his own throat, that he and Cas are both dripping.  Melted snow, mostly, and maybe Dean is sweating a little too, because God
Very slowly, a smile started to reestablish itself on Dean’s face, gaining a foothold before it grew rapidly into a broad grin.  Cas nodded once, content that Dean believed him, and went on.
“We are not,” he confirmed, “but that does not mean I cannot tend to you in other ways.  Please, Dean.  I know you are not feeling at your best, but trust me.”
“Or we die,” Cas told him flatly.  “Apparently, starting the game effectively places a curse on all participants which can only be lifted by completion of the game.  Otherwise all players will die 24 hours after the game stalls.”
“What’s with evil and red eyes?” Dean wondered idly, “And how do you propose we destroy the eye without, you know, pissing it off?”
He’s no sooner come to this conclusion than he sees Uriel cock his six-shooter to aim the final bullet in his gun at Winchester’s prone form.  He hasn’t come to a conscious decision before the word erupts in a bellow that freezes Uriel solid.
The strain of constant end-of-the-world bullshit having finally lifted, Dean and Cas’s relationship has never been stronger (which is a good thing even when it means there’s more than enough spare time for Cas to make sure Dean pretty much never sits completely comfortably).  Eileen spends more time at the bunker than away these days, although she does have her own place about five miles away in Esbon, a cute little apartment that she spends increasingly little time at.  Sam is basically fluent in sign language at this point (Cas turns out to know literally all of ASL, unsurprisingly, and is actually a really good teacher) and Dean’s definitely not fluent but coming along really well too.  He gives it maybe a year before Sam pops the question, but when he made some characteristically clumsy overtures toward assuring Sam that if he and Eileen wanted to get their own place in Lebanon, maybe buy a house, Dean and Cas would be happy for them, Sam just laughed at him, clapping him on the shoulder and saying that the bunker was more than big enough for the four of them as long as everyone was respectful of common space (there may have been some meaningful looks that Dean ignored) and made sure to knock on closed doors (there may have been some meaningful looks
Sam’s eyes rolling even before he looks from Cas back to him.  “He’s fine,” Dean says, voice heavily layered with sarcasm, “and is highly offended at the suggestion that being shot, tortured, and restrained for weeks might have any kind of lingering effects.”
Third time was the charm.  Sam’s eyes rolled back in his head and he went down like a ton of bricks, Dean’s hand around his bicep the only thing that broke his fall a little.
“How the hell do you propose to find a tiny evil eye on a butterfl—oh.  That’s better, I guess,” Dean observed, as the creature landed on the floor before turning into a snake, still sporting the same hat.
Honestly, at this point, had it been anyone but his little brother, Dean would’ve been dead serious about the torture.  Granted, he generally didn’t like to even think about his time under Alastair’s tutelage, let alone make use of his hell-acquired skills, but everyone had a breaking point.  It turned out Dean’s rested somewhere between having his orgasm interrupted for the hundredth-or-so time and having his boyfriend impaled by flying door shrapnel.
, work, and somehow managing to break my freaking foot a week and a half ago, things have been a little intense.  If you follow me on tumblr, you may already know that I am
Cas’s thrusts slowed but did not come to a halt until his cock had stopped jerking deep inside Dean.  Then he collapsed over Dean’s back, breathing as if he’d just run a marathon (or the angelic version of one—what was that, 26,000 miles or so?).  Their combined panting was the only thing that disrupted the silence of the room for perhaps ten seconds.  Maybe not even that long.  Honestly, later on Dean would simply be grateful that it didn’t happen earlier.
“I know you will,” Dean tells him, and it’s the truth.  Despite the last couple hours, ultimately Cas really does always give Dean what he needs, even when it’s not what he wants.
The first smack falls against the underside of Dean’s left cheek, the crisp sound echoing through the bedroom so loudly that it’s that rather than the familiar sting that causes Dean to jerk, startled.  “Would you care to rephrase that?” Cas inquires, the silkiness in his voice doing nothing to conceal the danger.
In the end, it don’t matter that he doesn’t know what to say.  Jeb slumps forward onto his knees, then onto his face, and it’s over just like that.
“It appears that we each get game pieces which we move around the board based on the rolls of—“ he paused to dig through the box, then triumphantly pulled out a wooden die, “—this.”  He paused, “It calls it a die?”
Once again he comes to himself bathed in sweat, but this time he is also gagging, his stomach trying to turn itself inside out in protest at what he just watched.  It is only with mammoth force of will that Dean swallows back the bile creeping up his throat.  The last thing he needs right now is the indignity of stripping off vomit-stained sheets, of scrubbing the floor of the evidence of just how not okay he really is.
Sure enough, one of his sleeves is rolled up and the other halfway there (apparently Sam’s unexpected hysterics necessitated that Cas pause in order to prevent being tumbled onto the floor), and when Dean finally steels himself to look at Cas, he’s again struck by the angel’s ability to make him feel about three inches ta—okay, bad analogy at the moment.
By late the next afternoon, two things had happened.  The first was that Dean’s ass was fully back to normal, which Cas had confirmed with another visual and tactile inspection when Dean woke up that morning.  When he demanded to know whether the angel had sped the healing process up some with his angel mojo, Cas just smiled mysteriously, which was as good as an admission of guilt as far as Dean was concerned, but he let it slide, because he
didn’t manage to quite bite back the whimper those words drew from him.  He just couldn’t help it.  After
Honestly, at this point it was redundant.  Dean was as slick and ready as he’d ever been, but Cas was nothing if not thorough.
“What I’m sure you and my ex-roomie,” that son of a bitch is talking about Sammy, casually referencing the millennia in which he tortured Sammy, and Dean would really very much like to set him on fire, “already know is that Auntie Darkness has gone off the grid altogether.  Just poof, like she never existed at all.  And that?  That’s not a good thing.  It means she’s busy.  Means she’s planning something.”  This is pretty much the same conclusion that Sam and Dean have come to over the course of at least five hundred exhaustive discussions, but Dean’s sure as hell not going to validate Lucifer with his agreement.  “Now, I’ve already tried just about everything I can think of to tempt her out of hiding, but she’s not playing ball.  And that’s when it occurred to me that the power was with me all the time, Dorothy!”  Dean doesn’t bother to correct the archangel’s misapprehensions about the Wizard of Oz with the information gleaned from the real Dorothy.  What he does is take an involuntary step back, because he’s pretty damn sure he knows exactly where this is going, and he doesn’t like it one bit.
“I thought,” Cas told him, snagging one of the hands Dean had rested on the back of his chair and brushing his lips across its back, “we could sort out the breakfast dishes and then perhaps you would like to select another movie you feel is critical to my cultural indoctrination.”
rover’s twitter account (leaving aside the fact that even Mars rovers apparently had twitter now, while Dean was still staunchly refusing to jump on the bandwagon).  There were dozens of pictures taken by Oppy, modified with text to thank her for her hard work.  It was an outpouring like Dean had rarely seen before, even at the death of beloved public figures.  An entire planet coming together to remember one golf-cart sized little engine that could.
Cas wept for a long time, huddled into Dean’s arms, accepting out of sheer desperation (albeit a little guiltily) the comfort he clearly did not believe he was entitled to, and if a few tears also dripped down to land atop the angel’s head, well, Dean would never be ashamed of how intensely his own emotions were linked with Cas’s.
You will note that I have again taken liberties with the events of the finale.  The set-up was honestly perfect for my purposes, the pay-off just wasn't quite right...so I changed it.  In service to that, Mary Winchester's return has been eliminated altogether.  What Dean needs most, in
Once he put it together, Dean’s shoulders dropped, the tension bleeding out of them.  He was a lot less stressed out about Cas’s anger now that he understood its underpinnings.
“I will not go far,” he says, “only to the library and back.”  There’s a look of such fierce determination on his face that Dean can’t bring himself to argue more, even if he’s pretty sure this isn’t gonna be much more successful than the healing.
in your quest for revenge?  That’s just a whole other—you know,” he interrupts himself, lips twitching harder now that Dean can’t see them, “you’re sort of ruining my whole speech here with your cackling.”
you punish me for this.  And we both know you could hold me down and do it anyway without breaking a sweat, but I have to believe that’s not a line you’re willing to cross.  I’m not taking a punishment for this, Cas, and if that’s a deal-breaker than I guess this is o—over.”
Sam hopped down nimbly, shaking his head to knock some hair off his face.  Dean nudged Cas with the tip of his foot and the angel turned back to him, starting to work on the knots that bound his wrists while Dean gave Sam a half-smile.
He could speak the words, maybe even make it sound semi-convincing, but he won’t mean them, and if Cas goes ahead and delivers one anyway, Dean will resent him for—shit, probably forever.
can turn his knees to jelly and kick his heartbeat into overdrive is probably kind of fucked up, but what is a little more fucked up in a lifetime of it?  He tries, one more time, because for fuck’s sake, what Cas just did was a whole new level.
If he was done, if he needed to put an end to things, he would do so actively, not by passive inaction.
“Might’ve been an entire eave’s worth—wouldn’t be a bad thing, unless it fell in front of the door, and it’s not like we can be any more trapped than we already are,” he observed philosophically.
Cas took up a hard and fast pace, snapping his hips into Dean, planting his hands on either side of Dean on the hood in order to give himself additional leverage.
“Good call,” Dean agrees, turning to make a beeline for the house.  The cheese-shower was quite enough disgusting for one day.  He doesn’t really need to see the clean-up crew at work.
For the first time since they met, Castiel smiles back.  A real smile.  The corners of his eyes crinkle up, and damned if he ain’t got about the most charming dimples Dean’s ever seen.  He stares, unable to stop himself.  He may not be in exactly the sort of trouble he anticipated having tonight, but Dean’s in some kind of trouble nevertheless.
“How is it possible,” Dean demands, dropping his hands from Cas’s face to his shoulders and pushing the trench coat down his arms, “that an angel of the Lord can be so goddamn blind?  You really think you’re making me do anything?  You think this is a sacrifice?  Jesus, Cas, you think I haven’t been wanting this since the day you backed me against Bobby’s kitchen counter and told me to show you some respect?”  He seriously thinks about calling Cas an idjit, but breaking out Bobby even more than he already has would kind of ruin the mood, so he lets it lie.  Instead he gets the trench coat off and returns his hands to Cas’s face, that beloved face, which has begun to shine with a kind of desperate, hesitant hope, as if he scarcely dares to believe that he’s hearing what he thinks he is.
In which Dean realizes he's had the power inside himself all along (okay, okay, inside his underwear drawer), and can't resist using it to get revenge.
Count it as getting off easy, and I would definitely advise against getting bitchy with him about it if you know what’s good for you.  Now are you getting up for breakfast or not?”
Dean had spent at least two hours trying to calm down the angel, who was totally beside himself at the thought of what the poor donkey must have gone through.
He comes awake with a shout, with the single word he never spoke to the angel who was not Cas (not until much too late) on his lips.
“Stuart apologized and said you have a point and he’s sorry for the violation of your privacy, but thought you might be interested in knowing that he and his, er, cohort were firmly on your side in The Great Llama-Camel Debate of 2016.  That’s his words, not mine.  Apparently that’s what they called it?”
Well, shit.  Apparently, he wasn’t quite as slick as he thought he was, because something in Castiel’s tone made it perfectly clear that he knew exactly what Dean was about, and had from the very first.  Dean took a second—but no longer, since trying Cas’s patience further was not likely to end well for him—to throw his first strategy out the window and decide on a new one.  Damn-the-torpedoes-full-speed-ahead honesty was the best he came up with, and he sent a quick prayer upward that Cas would find it charming.
When he’s drunk his fill, Castiel returns to the wagon wheel to sit, eyes settled on Dean in open concern.
The voice had rung out with razor-sharp precision, cracking against Dean with nearly the devastating effect of the strap itself.  A reminder that, whether Dean was bound and writhing under the bite of the belt or simply standing and staring down at the hood of his car, the scene had started and Cas was firmly in charge.
“Just enough.  Perfect.  I promise.  Greener than St. Patrick’s Day.”  His voice was a hot mess, shaky and thick with the tears he had shed, but the naked sincerity in it was clear to both of them.
“I knew that something powerful had happened, but initially I imagined that I had somehow avoided any ill effects.  Nothing in me seemed to have changed, and indeed, nothing had—nor ever would again.
Cas twisted his fingers at the same moment that his mouth surged forward until his lips and nose were nestled in the dark blonde curls of Dean’s pubic hair.  The fingers hit their mark, pressing directly against Dean’s prostate just as Cas swallowed powerfully around his cock, and that was it.  Dean arched off the bed with a shout, cock pulsing and shooting its load deep into the angel’s throat.  Cas swallowed it easily, fingers continuing to work Dean’s prostate through the climax, which seemed to go on forever.  The hell with Future Dean, Present Dean was completely satisfied with his decision.  His eyes fluttered open, eager to watch Cas nurse him through the fading waves of orgasm.  Instead, he found himself jerking upright with such suddenness that he actually knocked Cas off his cock as it feebly pulsed out the last of its load.  The angel’s eyes flared wide in shock, mouth opening, presumably to ask just what the hell Dean was doing.  Then he spotted the direction of Dean’s astonished gaze, and pivoted toward the door, where Sam leaned against the once again open doorway, a smile of greeting overtaking his expression of mild interest.
Cas laughs quietly, brushing a kiss against each of his closed eyelids.  “Indeed, my love.  I cannot wait to see what you come up with.”
One of Sam’s eyes twitches slightly.  If Dean were normal-sized, he might not even have noticed it, but as things stand Sam’s face is enormous, so even the slightest shift in expression is hard to miss.  There’s a story here, Dean’s sure of it, and if it’s half as good as the whole robbing-a-daycare thing, he
Recognizing the angel’s determined stubbornness when he saw it, Dean didn’t bother trying to convince him to change his mind during the first day.  Instead, he focused on limping as stoically as possible around the bunker, occupying himself as best he could with various mundane tasks that had needed doing regardless.
Michael’s voice is pitched low enough to be inaudible to anyone in the nearest tents or even the latrine, but Castiel is nearer still than that, and he hears every word clear as day.
“I mean,” Dean says consideringly, “I think that’s probably part of it?  Not that I’m sacrificing myself, I mean, just that it’s important that you do know that I still trust you and—and all that.  But that’s not
“Of course, I feel bad,” Cas cuts him off, again breaking out the scandalized face that Dean probably ought not to find as funny as he does, “I made them
Don’t talk about it don’t think about it don’t remember it don’t talk about it don’t think about it don’t remember it don’t talk about it don’t think about it don’t remember it don’t talk about it don’t think about it don’t remember it
“Hey, Dean, are you planning to come out anytime soon?  I’m starving, and I was thinking maybe panca—
Dean has to laugh, even if he does speak up in his own defense. “Hey, I’ve been good since you punished me!”
Nevertheless, unanticipated twinge of empathy or not, Dean was undeterred from his plan.  This had to stop, one way or the other, and once the snow had melted there would be more than enough time for post-mortems and relationship rebuilding.  They were brothers, after all.  They’d always come back to each other.
The expected pain did not follow, however, and the belt cracked harmlessly in thin air.  Cas laughed quietly behind him, clearly appreciating the effect the test stroke had had upon Dean, who was employing considerable effort to force his clenched fists to relax again.  Cas’s voice rang out, casually conversational.   “I do believe I’m ready to get started.  And how about you?”
That was all it took.  If not for the desk holding him up, Dean would’ve hit his knees at the force of the orgasm that crashed over him.  He realized dimly that he was wailing and couldn’t seem to care as his cock pulsed over and over again, streaking the desk with impressive enthusiasm.  It seemed to go on for ages, Cas fucking and spanking him straight through it.  Only when Dean’s cock had dribbled its last did Cas stop the fall of his hand, releasing Dean’s cock and setting both hands hard on Dean’s hips as he drove in still harder, chasing the pleasure he’d already given Dean.
If I had to estimate I'd guess you'll likely see the next update in less than two weeks, but don't hold me to it.  Whenever it may be, I promise there's plenty more pain coming.
When he finally does rouse Castiel it’s gotta be coming near on eight o’clock, and there’s still no sign of activity from the rest of the camp.
Dean squirmed once but still didn’t move, and as soon as it became clear that he didn’t plan to do so, a firm hand closed around the scruff of his neck hard, jerking him to his feet.  He went, gasping, face flaming even hotter (if that was possible) as the full scope of the problem became visible.  His cock curved upward toward his belly, bright red, hard, and weeping.  A moment of ominous silence stretched out before Cas once again chuckled, voice a smooth purr.  “This is supposed to be a punishment, Mr. Winchester.”
Dean registered a second ahead of time that Cas was about to go on, when the chest beneath him rose with the angel’s quick inhalation prior to speaking.
He crossed the room to his dresser and found that the same pair of sweatpants that had been flung at him while in the dungeon was now neatly folded atop it.  He grabbed them and pulled them on, letting them hang low on his hips, then hunted for a shirt as Cas responded.
“Indeed.  And then there was his response early this afternoon when he came upon us in the dungeon.”
Dean is of two minds about this.  Sort of.  It depends on how one defines mind.  His mind-mind thinks that is bullshit.  His cock thinks it is awesome.
“Dismount, quick, get him up,” he says, then raises his voice enough that the men waiting on the stagecoach’s arrival can hear too, “change in plans, boys.  Our business here is done.”
He tells Cas.  The angel does not bother to ask, leaning down to brush a kiss across the top of Dean’s head with what Dean dimly realizes is tenderness.  The rush of safewarmloved he feels is almost unbearable in its sweetness.
to refrain from throwing you to the floor, pressing you against the wall, bending you over the table, stripping off that flannel, and taking full advantage of your lovely gift.  And they
“I owe you so big, thank you, thank you, thank y—“ Cas cut him off before Dean could really get his pre-emptive gratitude off the ground.
“You know, we actually watched several of your Cerebral Foreign Dramas from the 1950s.  I enjoyed them a great deal, as did Dean.”
“Kept you waiting an unforgivably long time, tying yourself into knots.  I am so sorry, Dean.  After Stuart was finished with me—and I should likely mention that if you have never seen a rat look self-righteous before, it’s an experience you ought to have—I went to have a chat with Punkin.”
By now, he had stripped off his clothes, folded them neatly, then decided they weren’t neat enough and refolded them.  Twice.  He managed to stall until 6:56, and, estimating that it was a three-minute walk to the garage, cinched his robe a little tighter around his waist and set off through the silent halls.
Friday morning dawns awful quiet around the Novak camp, which probably has something to do with the fact that it was well into the wee hours before the protracted ruckus fully quieted down.  Dean lets Cas sleep a little longer than he might otherwise have, but he can’t see the sense in waking the man up when he’d be the only one alert.  Even the cook tent is silent, with nary a scent of coffee to be detected anywhere—looks like it’ll be jerky and warm water for breakfast for everyone today.
They had barely scratched the surface of the things that ate him alive then, but he’d discovered since he and Cas started this that they were actually really good at taking him out of his head when he got a little too cerebral during these moments.  Now, the issue was less that he was overthinking and more that he was chafing at the invisible bonds Cas wrapped him in, but he figured the exercises couldn’t actually hurt.  He set about envisioning his breath as a ball of light that expanded and contracted, and tightening and releasing various muscle groups one at a time.  Okay, yeah, it sounded absurd, but there was something to be said for it.  By the time he heard the doorknob turn and the door click open, Dean was feeling a lot more centered.  He cracked his eyes open and pushed up until he rested on his elbows, quirking a half-smile at Cas, then blinking.  “Whoa, did you get attacked by half the kitchen?”
Cas’s hand settled on his back, rubbing up and down in gentle reassurance, his voice as kind as his touch, “you remember your safeword?”
Cas mulled this in silence for thirty seconds or so before conceding, “I cannot guarantee that I could leave the protections on the door unharmed with the amount of heat it would require, and the protections are more vulnerable on this side of the door than the outside.  The Men of Letters did not intend the warding to keep people in, only out.”
His voice rises sharply in pitch as he suddenly finds himself soaring what looks like miles off the ground, jerked off his feet by the thumb and forefinger that have closed around the back of his flannel.
He couldn’t stop himself from jumping a little when he heard the sound of wood scraping on tile.  Cas had just reclaimed the ruler from the floor.
Dean suspected it had come as a bit of a surprise to Cas, discovering that he was a natural.  Not so for Dean.  Dean had known what was hiding within Cas since their second meeting.  Since the moment when Cas had backed him up against the counter in Bobby’s kitchen, pinned him like a butterfly with his gaze alone, and growled, “You should show me some respect.  I dragged you out of hell.  I can throw you back in.”  Dean had been horrified at the time to find that underlying the piercing sharpness of his own fear—which had been intense—there was an equally sharp undercurrent of lust.  Of recognizing in Cas a foil to himself, one of the incredibly rare others who had the strength and force of will to give Dean what he needed, regardless of how much he fought against it.  They fit together, their splintered edges syncing up perfectly.  It was an unceasing wonder to Dean that even as the weight of experience—both shared and separate—splintered each of them further, changing the angles and planes that defined them, they continued to fit not merely easily but effortlessly.
