“Mary, I… What are
“So, she’s a third kind.” Greg glanced at him, grinning. “But I was
“About what you’ve been up to. Why are you investigating me instead of doing your job?”
“I think it would help.”
part of this conversation to get angry about first!”
“Both”, he said softly. “You’re really not disappointed in me?”
“It probably saved your life… and Mycroft’s. Without your warning…” He shuddered, thinking of how close he’d come to losing him. “I couldn’t bear losing you”, he said softly.
“I presumed so, given the number of text alerts you received when we arrived.”
“I believe you’re correct. I get the impression he quite likes Greg.”
“Yeah, that we do.” Greg stood, smiling as Mycroft walked into the kitchen. “Hungry, lover?”
to do that.”
very sorry for whatever damage may have inadvertently been done to you. I had no idea you saw… that.”
“Yes, though I’m not sure how good I am at it…” For reason he didn’t quite understand, he felt more nervous about Fenris kissing him than the prospect of having sex with him. He glanced over at his lover, who was watching him with a mixture of protective concern and arousal. Greg reached over, putting a reassuring hand on his back.
“Did I do it wrong?”, he asked, peering up at John through his long dark lashes.
“As you, no doubt, can attest to. I will take it under consideration.”
“Destiny. God’s Blood, you’re worse than Heimdall ever was.” Despite his blindness, Destiny of the Endless had the power to see the tiniest detail in any realm. “What do you want now, old man? I did my part long ago.”
“Nah, that just leaves more girls for me. Seriously, I mean it’s alright; you being gay. You’re my brother, Tim. I love you no matter what.”
“Fine. I’ll do my best to be… friendly.” Mycroft plastered on a smile. “Better?”
you because he trusts you. That’s not something either Sherlock or Mycroft does, trusting. If you don’t break that trust, he’ll be fine. I’m
“Greg, there’s something that I want to ask you, but I don’t know if I should. I don’t know if I have the right, or if it’s too soon…”  He hesitated, trembling as Greg drew him into his arms.
“True. I never thought of that. I’ll pop down and see Mrs. Hudson.” A thought struck him, and he paused at the door. “About tonight… Well,
“You mean a mobile? I’ll let him know. When you say I smell like a Seer, do you mean that literally?”
“Yeah, I’m probably more gay than I thought I was. I mean, it’s still his mind that I love most, but after bein’ with him, I’ve realized how much I missed it. Being versatile, I mean.”
“I just want to know if it’s true or not. Let down your walls and let me kiss you. Show me who you truly are. Ten seconds, no sex, just one kiss. Regardless of the outcome, I’ll give you three things to help you if you do.”
man that turns you on, and honestly… John, you’ve gotta admit you’re good at lying to yourself. Maybe it
“Yes, and I find myself surprisingly comfortable with our… relationship.”
“Knowing you love me is a million times better than hearin’ it.” Greg kissed him again, then leaned back, leaving one arm draped on his shoulder. “Just promise me from now on that if we’re going to work together, any special favors you give me are strictly the off-duty kind, okay?”
“Mycroft, was that a wolf running around out front?”
“Yeah, well, we’re proud to have you. But Mycroft should get all the credit. All I did was wave my arms around and fall off a building.”
stupid thing to want. Sherlock came with a great deal of baggage. He was, in John’s opinion, the Mount Everest of emotional baggage. Sherlock was a manipulative, narcissistic drama queen with a host of legitimate psychological problems and a history of addiction. He was, he thought, quite literally the very
“Of course it’s a phase! What does a boy that age know about what he really wants?”
“They’re incredibly hard to really kill. In most cases, they just reform in their home realm and come right back. I’m writing a monograph on them, by the way.”
“Are the fairies any danger to her?”
“The mirror thing, for one. And you gotta know you’re not as immune to sunlight as you claimed.”
“Yes. Can you arrange things? Considering Steven’s part in things, I think it best we not involve Scotland Yard in this.” Sherlock paced restlessly, listening to Mycroft’s response. Like John, he was struggling with the urge to kick the unconscious man. “I suppose that will do, though I’d really rather you just fed him to Fenris. As soon a possible, if you please. Otherwise, his condition is likely to worsen dramatically.” He hung up the mobile, glaring at the man for a moment.
Mycroft had gone through, he’d decided that anything that could turn his annoying, always-right brother into such a massive idiot was a mistake he’d never make. His urges had been hard to suppress, and he’d finally resorted to some alarmingly harsh methods of aversion therapy to rid himself of them. Years had gone by, and then suddenly, there was John. As he’d fallen in love, desire had been reborn in him, slowly reigniting. He’d feared that the old conditioning he’d inflicted on himself would come back. He been afraid that he’d panic and hurt John, perhaps even physically.
“Yeah, a
room is that?” John pointed towards the stairs for emphasis.
“Why would I be? There’s nothing wrong with being gay, Tim. You can’t help who you love. Besides, I just got engaged to my boyfriend last night.”
“I suppose we should set some sort of boundaries.” He frowned, finding himself somewhat disconcerted by the mental picture of Fenris with someone else. He looked to Greg, wondering if he felt the same.
in you, right away. I took a leap of faith that day, and it was exciting. Proposing to Mary felt the same way.” When he realized how what he’d just said might have sounded, he flushed red, suddenly mortified. “Not the
. His cock throbbed hopefully, and John reached for him, deciding if he wanted to be angry, he’d deal with it in the morning.
“Sorry, wrong list.” Sherlock snatched it back, presenting a bank card and another list. It was no less long or odd, but there were, at least, notations as to where he should go.
love with him? How had he become so incredibly physically attracted to him?
. We’ve
“I got the silicon kind.” Sherlock leaned over and pulled open the nightstand drawer. “We can use the regular one, if you’d prefer, but I also got this one…” He rolled back over, grinning. Two rings dangled from his fingers. One was a plain red silicon ring but the other was, in John’s opinion, a somewhat ominous-looking black ring with a prostate massager attached.
will react if
is for a case. Decisions about
“Me? I’ll be as tame as a God
think that fixing me up with Sherlock Holmes is a good idea?”
“Thank you. As you must expect, I have some questions for you.”
“Thank you, Lucifer. You’ve been most helpful.”
“…” John stared at him. “One. The
” The white bean shot from Mycroft’s finger, towards the dragon’s head as it fixed its eyes on Greg and began to open its jaws.
“God, Greg… oh
? She’s just a kid, for Christ’s sake. What could she possibly have done to deserve that?”
, I’m most interested in conducting field-based research. We have entirely new frontiers out there and I want to help lead the way into them. Whatever else Mycroft intends to build this agency into, he has my complete support so long as a sizable part of its purpose is exploration and knowledge.”
“The tree, John.”
“I thought you already had.”
“Yes, I do. We’re getting married in a few months.”
right, but I know I probably won’t fit in.”
“Don’t be. Don’t you
“Well, he is the youngest of us, and he’s always had a lotta energy. I can see where he’d be a handful.”
“How do you know what you sense with your mind is real? How do you know you’re not just imagining it?”
“Something deadly. Mycroft, it wants
sort.” She glanced over apologetically at John, who was too busy blushing and looking at his shoes to notice. She grinned at Sherlock. “Squishy?”
and previously the thought had repulsed him, but the idea of claiming his lover’s body was now very compelling. Greg truly
“Are you sure you’re alright?”
no offense Mary, but he doesn’t.”
“Are you injured?” Sherlock rolled the man over and cuffed his hands behind his back.
“It…” John was really beginning to hate blushing. “It went really
“Should I answer it?”
I’d lose control and hurt somebody; not on purpose, anyway, but even if I was with a girl who wouldn’t just run off screaming, my claws are kinda long and sharp… It’s hard not to hurt
“I know, sweetheart. It’s okay, don’t be scared.” Greg knelt, putting his arms around her as John went to check on Violet. He could feel the warmth of her in his arms and he patted her back, trying to soothe her tears. “John? Is she alright?”
of deductions.” Mycroft’s voice was soft and full of regret. He’d given up on looking calm, and his expression matched his tone. Sherlock sat up very slowly, peering into his brother’s blue-grey eyes and waiting for him to continue. There was a rather long silence, until Sherlock finally spoke.
idea to put you on salary.”
“Of course not. Don’t be absurd. One of his minions does it… Anthea, I think.”
: (15 April, morning)
, Sherlock. What are you not telling me?”
“Apparently Mycroft believes in all
“Christ. As if murders couldn’t get any
“Grandad, why not come with me to Spain? It could be fun.” Tim glanced worriedly at his uncle. Whatever was happening, he was sure it was some magical threat. If he wasn’t safe here, with the armed guards and Fenris, it must be something truly dangerous. “I’d feel a lot better if you came with me.”
“A lot”, he said ruefully, gesturing at the meat. “I could eat all of this in one go, really. I’ve done some research, and I eat even more than real wolves do. I tried the kibble stuff, but it didn’t go well, so I just get by on the tinned stuff mostly. And even that… well, I’ve learned not to get the cheapest stuff. It gives me… digestive problems.”
keeps helping.”
“No.” He sighed softly, wondering if the face was worth all the explaining that came with it. “I just look like one. I’m the God Loki. I don’t know
“Mycroft, you can either do as I suggest and make peace with them or move. Perhaps Greg would take you in.”
in his mind. It left one enormous, unfathomable question.
to feel you, moving inside me.” He rolled over, arching into his lover’s touch as Greg kissed his way down his back. “I did make sure to clean up very thoroughly…”, he murmured, quietly hinting.
“And?”
John grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s thick, soft hair, gently dragging him back up for a kiss. Growling playfully, he flipped Sherlock over, still facing him, and grabbed the oil. “I want to see your eyes”, John whispered, his voice low with passion as he slicked up his cock and his fingers. It was time to make
“My niece, Katherine. She’s got a daughter of her own, Abby, who’s just about Rosie’s age, and she’s moving to London. She doesn’t have a job lined up yet, so this would be perfect.”
“Oh, um… okay.”
much, and the idea that I didn’t really lose you; that you’ll be here to see Rosie grow up… it’s very seductive. I
“Sherlock may have mentioned something…” He looked down, unable to look at Greg without staring.
“Call John and have him get her and the other non-essential members of your little household ready to evacuate. And make sure you have Greg get Tim to safety as well.”
“Then what do you think happened?” He looked at her curiously, noting the odd look on her face.
: (18 April, mid-evening)
“This is just…, just…” She skimmed through the various files, her eyes growing increasingly wide. “You
“Dad… I’m engaged. To a man.”
“Not a word, I swear.” Phillip suppressed a shudder and glanced uneasily at Greg, only slightly reassured by the inspector’s presence. He’d thought he knew Lestrade, but seeing the two of them together, he realized he really didn’t. They’d been entirely professional since he arrived, but there was something in the way they stood beside each other and something in Greg’s eyes when he looked at Mycroft, that made it clear that they were together.
But Sherlock lifted the police tape defiantly and John, who apparently had no other choice, stepped through.
killings.” He clasped his hands together in front of his face in delight. “We’ve got ourselves a serial killer. I
“Just this once, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I’m not your housekeeper.”
An attractive young woman sat next to him behind the passenger seat, her eyes fixed on her BlackBerry, ignoring him. Sherlock had ignored him too, and that was why he was in this mess.
those. There’s always something to look forward to.”
“I’m supposed to be helping you pay the rent.”
Sighing, John turned away from the scene and began to limp down the street in the direction of the main road. It wasn’t too long before he came to a telephone box, which began to ring as he passed it. John stopped and looked at it for a few seconds, wondering if he should answer it, but decided against it and continued down the road. The phone stopped ringing.
John looked over to Donovan, who was standing back by the police tape.
“Cardiff?” Lestrade prompted.
It wasn’t long before John made it to Brixton High Road, and he tried (and failed) to hail a taxi three times before stopping on the corner outside of a busy restaurant. He stood there, defeated, as the wind picked up and nipped through his too-thin coat. As he was about to walk off again, the payphone on the wall of the restaurant began to ring. John looked over at it cautiously, watching as one of the waiters from the restaurant moved to pick it up, but it stopped ringing before the lad had the chance. Shaking his head, John continued on down the road, weaving in and out of the crowd.
“Is that it, then?” he asked hurriedly, before the man could walk out the door.
! All exactly the same.”
Also, if anyone is interested in being a beta for this, hit me up here or on Tumblr @consultthisdick
This time, the man looked back at John, his eyebrows raised expectantly, awaiting an answer. John hesitated and glanced again at Mike, who nodded at him encouragingly.
“But I
Bill Murray
He and Ella exchanged the usual pleasantries and John tried to ignore the pitying look in her eyes. She was a nice woman, really, she was. But she just didn’t
John glanced at the closed door and leaned over the body so Sherlock could hear him.
Lestrade coughed loudly, and John looked away from Sherlock and down and the floorboards.
Stamford clapped him on the back. “Good man,” he said, grinning. “I had a feeling he’d like you.”
He hated this part, the part where people switched over to their ‘pity faces’ and tried to tell him that they were “so sorry for you, dear, it must be horrible” and tried to offer unsolicited comfort, like they somehow understood just how he felt. Or, even worse, when people took one look at his suddenly visible cane and then purportedly had to dash off to a previously unmentioned engagement, as if they were repelled by being in such close proximity to just a fraction of the tragedy of the war that they skimmed over in the papers with their coffee in the morning. Nothing had ever made John feel so utterly
The session didn’t last long; Ella gave up soon after that, and John couldn’t help but be glad. Therapy made him feel guilty. He and Ella parted on the same terms as always:  a “Same time as next week?” followed by a “Yeah, sure.” An awkward nod of the head later and John was free to go. ‘Free’ in this case, however, had variable definitions.
“Yeah…” he began. “Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out, choked on her own vomit. Can’t smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure; possibly drugs.”
” And, before either John or Lestrade could get another word in, Sherlock was off again. “Her coat: it’s slightly damp. She’s been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp, too. She’s turned it up against the wind. She’s got an umbrella in her left-hand pocket but it’s dry and unused: not just win,
, and that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodation but you’re not going to your brother for help? That says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife. Maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
! Houston, we
you?”
Ella sighed and straightened her back. “John,” she began, “you’re a soldier, and it’s going to take you a while to adjust to civilian life. And writing a blog about everything that happens to you will
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens,” the man replied.
“Suitcase, yes,” he continued, distractedly moving about the room, his coat flouncing behind him in a dark wave. “She’s been married at least ten years, but not happily. She’s had a string of lovers but none of them knew she was married.”
This still didn’t explain much but, at this point, John didn’t find that surprising at all. “What does that mean?”
“‘Rache’,” he elaborated. “It’s German for ‘revenge’. She could be trying to tell us something—”
John turned to source the unfamiliar voice when his eyes landed on a man a few tables down, back straight and delicately holding a pipette filled with… something. He was dressed in a suit that looked much more expensive than any John had ever owned, and he had delicate, pale features that were framed by a dark mass of curls. He contrasted greatly with Stamford’s rounder, red-faced complexion, and John’s own more golden hair and skin, bleached and tanned by the Afghan sun.
Harry Watson
make some sort of threat,” said the man’s voice on the other end of the line. “But I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
“Brilliant!” Sherlock exclaimed, twirling around the room with the most enthusiasm John had seen in a very long time. “Yes! Four serial suicides and now a note! Oh, it’s Christmas!”
“Your phone.” Sherlock held out his hand and John fished it out of his coat, handing it to him. “It’s expensive. E-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you’re looking for flatshare; you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then.”
Intrigued, John shook his head and huffed a laugh. “All right,” he said. “Lead the way.”
“But?”
“I looked you up on the Internet last night,” John said.
John looked around the living room and nodded to himself. It was more spacious than he had expected, with tall bookshelves framing either side of a large fireplace, in front of which sat two large armchairs. Opposite the fireplace on the other side of the room was a large couch and coffee table, and separating the two was a hardwood desk. Above the desk, a strange animal skull was mounted to the wall between two grand windows. John turned around to take in the rest of the flat, first its odd wallpaper, and then the snug kitchen that branched off the near side of the living room, and then of course the monumental amount of clutter that really had to be sorted. Despite its eccentricities, John liked it.
he?” Lestrade pressed.
John stared up at him in surprise and saw Sherlock give him a brief, shy smile. He realised that Sherlock was pleased with the compliments, he
“The engraving,” John supplied, watching Sherlock tap the words with his forefinger.
He caught himself before he could say anything more, and Stamford awkwardly looked away, clearly understanding his mistake. John’s hand began to shake and he switched his cup of coffee to his right hand, clenching his left into a fist in an attempt to stop the tremor. Stamford sipped his own coffee and looked back at John, still undeterred.
was right?” John asked. “Right about what?”
Eventually, he limped over to the desk and took his cane in hand, hating the weight of it. He mechanically began his morning routine, most of it out of habit and muscle memory rather than as the result of any conscious decision. He tossed on his dressing gown before making himself a cup of coffee—milk, no sugar—in the only mug he owned, bearing the arms of the Royal Army Medical Corps. He ignored the morning paper and took the last apple from his fruit bowl. He already knew that the fridge was empty, too. He should probably go shopping after therapy.
“Shot in the dark,” Sherlock smiled. “Good one, though. The power connection: tiny scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock nodded.
say anything without disturbing Sherlock, and so didn’t say anything, watching, intrigued, as his flatmate stepped slowly toward the corpse. He moved swiftly, moving around the body with smooth, lithe movements, his coat pooling around his ankles as he crouched down for closer examination. John didn’t know what he was looking for, or if there was anything to be looking for, but, somehow, he knew that if there
“Seen a lot of injuries, then?” Sherlock asked. “Violent deaths?”
John couldn’t help but listen.
“What about you, then?” Stamford asked. “Just staying in town ‘til you get yourself sorted?”
Choosing to ignore her, John instead pointed to the notes on her lap. “You just wrote ‘still has trust issues.’”
my leg!” John said, with much more force than was necessary. But, in the heat of the moment, he couldn’t seem to control himself. His
“Impossible suicides? Four of them?” Sherlock gushed, taking her by the shoulders and kissing her loudly on the cheek. “There’s no point sitting at home when there’s finally something
“What about these suicides then, Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson came back into the living room, this time holding today’s newspaper. “I thought that’d be right up your street.
“Why?”
make a run for it, but running was completely out of the question given his leg and, even if he
“Bit of trouble too, I’ll bet.”
John heard the sound of a car pulling up outside the flat, and Sherlock moved over to the window and pushed back to curtain to look.
“Yeah, good,” he replied, looking anywhere but at her. He cleared his throat awkwardly. He really was an
. “Why would he do that?” John asked finally.
Sherlock ignored him and turned to John, who faltered slightly at the intensity of his stare.
. He gave the phone to
“Serial killers are always hard. You have to wait for them to make a mistake.”
John glanced at the clock. He had just under an hour until his appointment. Sighing, he drained the rest of his coffee, closed his laptop, and decided against eating the apple before reaching once more for his cane and continuing with his morning routine.
“What do you think then, Doctor Watson?” she asked, picking up a teacup and saucer from the coffee table as Sherlock took off his coat and scarf. “There’s another bedroom upstairs, if you’ll be needing two bedrooms.”
“Well you know what
“Sorry,” John said, speaking for the first time since entering the room. “Obvious?”
John huffed, amused. “I can’t afford London on an Army pension.”
“Brixton.”
For the first time in months, curiosity sparked in the back of John’s mind. “Who was the first?”
John stood there for a long while, looking, trying to see what Sherlock saw. He didn’t understand; the man must be mad. When John looked at his reflection, he didn’t see his military records or his doctorate or his history of unsuccessful therapy. John saw tired eyes and thin lips and worry lines that weren’t carried by most young men. He saw simple clothes shielding a body that wasn’t as strong as it looked. Flexing his shoulders and straightening his back John stood to attention the way he used to, in the hopes of once more seeing the soldier he had been. For a moment, John thought that he could see Captain Watson in the mirror, but it faded before he could get a closer look.
thing…” He trailed off and hit his bad leg with his cane.
John moved to protest but Sherlock, with his back to him, didn’t notice. Instead, John watched as Sherlock moved in a haste of billowing coats, taking a small pile of unopened envelopes from the coffee table on one side of the room over to the fireplace on the other, before placing them on the mantelpiece and stabbing them through with a penknife. Next to the mutilated letters, John noticed something else.
Detective Inspector Lestrade. What would a Detective Inspector want with Sherlock Holmes? Before he could read more, Sherlock’s voice interrupted him.
“None at all…John.”
Donovan scowled at Sherlock and John stepped between them, defensive of his new…colleague.
“How could you
The man ignored his question, checked his phone, and walked back over to John. “I’ve got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we should be able to afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, seven o’clock. Sorry—got to dash,” he quipped, smirking, “I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
The door to the house opened and from it emerged a small team of forensic investigators, all wearing the same protective coveralls. One of them, a sour-faced man with thin lips and dark hair, approached them, glaring a Sherlock with obvious distaste.
“No,” Sherlock countered, quickly dismissing him. “No, it’s…fine.”
“Who are you?” John continued. “What do you do?”
Lestrade stared at him defiantly, before lowering his eyes in defeat. “Yes, I do,” he said. “God help me.”
John frowned at the odd message. “Who’s this? Who’s speaking?”
When John opened his laptop the next morning after brewing his usual cup of coffee, he found that Harry and Bill Murray had taken to conversing in the comments. Again.
, so tastefully executed that he wondered if Sherlock had practiced it in front of a mirror.
“Upstairs,” Lestrade replied, moving over to the staircase.
“There you go, you see – you were right,” Sherlock said.
Realisation dawning on his face, Sherlock stopped in his tracks and groaned. “Harry’s your
“Who cares about decent?” Sherlock opened the front door and gestured for John to follow him, which he did, eagerly. “The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!”
At the sound of the front door slamming, a wide grin spread across Sherlock’s face and he leapt into the air, clenching his fists in excitement.
Seemingly forgotten by everyone else, John hesitated on the landing for a moment before deciding to go back downstairs to find Sherlock. He turned to say goodbye to Lestrade but saw that the Inspector was too engrossed with giving stressed orders to his officers to notice John’s awkward fumbling. So, John began the long and painful descent down the stairs. As careful as he was, John was still occasionally knocked about by hurried police officers, who pushed passed him without so much as a second glance. His grip tightened on his cane as his hand threatened a tremor. Slowly, but surely, he eventually made it to the bottom of the stairs, where he removed his coverall and latex gloves, his head bowed so as to attract as little attention as possible. He put on his jacket and left the building, making sure to stay out of the way of the people who were actually supposed to be there. Once he was back out in the street John looked around in search of Sherlock, or for any sign as to where he had gone.
As if he had just remembered that they were at a crime scene, Sherlock spun around in a circle looking around the room. “Yes,” he muttered. “Where is it? She must have had a phone or an organiser. Find out who Rachel is.”
shade of pink. Travelled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It’s obvious from the size of her suitcase.”
He wondered if being shot was quite how he remembered it.
Back in the other room, John’s laptop sounded a notification. He sighed and sat back down at his desk to view the new comment on his blog. It was from Bill, not Harry.
extraordinary.”
Stamford’s good-natured smile wavered, and John couldn’t help but feel sorry for the poor bastard. He didn’t know, after all.
“When I met you for the first time yesterday I asked you ‘Afghanistan or Iraq’,” Sherlock stated. “You looked surprised.”
“Not in a police car,” Sherlock replied. “I’ll be right behind.”
Lestrade looked at him, confused, and turned to Sherlock. “Who’s this?” he asked.
John looked over his shoulder to see that Molly had already left the room. He looked then to Stamford, who smiled, but didn’t answer the question. John could only assume that meant it was directed at him.
“Hello, freak,” she jeered.
your housekeeper.”
“John! John Watson!”
“A fourth?” Mrs. Hudson asked, glancing between Sherlock by the window and the paper in her hands. John stared at Sherlock, only breaking his stare from the elegant silhouette at the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs.
John dropped Stamford’s hand to clutch again at his cane and automatically glanced down at his bad leg. “I got shot,” he said, not looking Stamford in the eye.
He twisted around and tried to look out of the rear window, but it was darkly tinted and he couldn’t see anything other than muted lights from cars and street lamps.
“Colleague of mine,” Sherlock replied. “Doctor Watson. Doctor Watson, Sargent Sally Donovan. Old friend.”
Outside, the weather was rather nice for late January, the storm last night having made way for a much more pleasant climate. John decided to take the long way home through the park. After all, it’s not as if he had anything better to do.
“The police
Sherlock pointed down to the corpse. “Back of the right leg: tiny splash marks on the heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don’t get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious: could only be an overnight bag, so we know she was staying one night.” He squatted down by the body, fingers ghosting over the backs of her legs as he examined them more closely. “Now,” he said, “where is it? What have you done with it?”
“You’ll just have to wait to meet him,” Stamford said. “He outdoes any explanation I could give you.”
“Anderson.”
“Four,” he said, voice grave as he peered out to Baker Street. “There’s been a fourth. And there’s something different this time.”
“Where?” Sherlock asked, not seeming to bother with introductions.
Donovan shook her head. “Didn’t look like it.”
Sherlock smiled through his teeth. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Because you
.” He strode up the path to the front door of the house, his eyes wide and innocent. “I’m sure Sally came ‘round for a nice little chat, and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.”
“So she’s German?” Lestrade asked.
“So,” Sherlock said, turning once more to Lestrade. “Where are we?”
Smiling, much more genuine now, Sherlock turned back to John. “Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement and resumed his monologue. “Harry Watson…clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. It could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now,
“‘Piss off.’”
He handed John back the phone, who took it and placed it back into his pocket.
Stamford laughed. “God, no.”
“Well,” Stamford said, “you’re the second person to say that to me today.”
He didn’t speak again for the rest of the journey.
He turned away and walked back over to his bench. John wondered what kind of a man gave honest makeup advice to a woman in a laboratory. His mind supplied an answer and he tamped it down, ignoring his stereotypical thoughts.
“Well?” Sherlock asked, eyes bright and triumphant.
“Victim is in her late thirties,” Sherlock began. John recognised that voice; Sherlock had used it twice on him already. That was his deduction voice. “Professional person, going by her clothes; I’m guessing something in the media, going by the frankly
“Yes, but I understand.”
“Who’s talking? And why are you crying?”
and instead focused on making his mind reel out observations and possible conclusions as quickly as he could.
Sherlock watched John Watson sleep.
“Then that’s settled … John,” Sherlock said softly in his impossible baritone, and he was now a few steps away, his eyes seemingly turning silver in the dim light. And was it John’s imagination, or was Sherlock paler, his cheekbones sharper, his lips somehow plusher than he remembered? “Don’t you think so?”
why you are here, isn’t it? And don't even think of lying to me; you know what I can do, it won’t work.”
“And you’ve seen a lot of violent deaths, then?”
The so-named Nathan blanched. “Nothing, sir! I swear! I don’t even know her. Just came out for a bit of a smoke and found her like that, sobbing like she’s fit to explode, and I tried but nothing I said –”
“No, you weren’t,” Sherlock said confidently. “The damp and cold will exacerbate the conditions of your old shoulder injury; it would very likely keep you from healing quickly from the latest ones – you’re a doctor, however out of practice you might be; surely you know this. Besides, whatever additional expense I would incur from leasing that room would be offset by your additional input towards the rent of this apartment. An ideal situation all around.”
see a counsellor, it was your – what, third appointment today? That’s why you left your job, you’ve been told that to win either wife back –”
Dimmock’s curious eyes now bounced back and forth between John and Sherlock. “What? Why?”
“Oh, really? My first place with my husband was just like this, you know. Damp.” She peered at him worriedly, as if she had suddenly realised that she was jeopardising her own chances of getting a new tenant. “But charming. Surely you see that? It’s charming, isn’t it, Doctor Watson?”
Impulsively, Sherlock stepped forward, stretching out his hand. “Wait –”
Sherlock’s lips twitched as though he was trying hard not to smile. “Not in the car. We’ll follow instead; send me the exact address.”
“You got no hope of that, Cap,” Greg laughed good-naturedly, obviously enjoying John’s consternation. “But who knows? Keep your mind open. Maybe you’ll enjoy it, anyway.”
“Your brother?” John asked, frowning at the paper blindly. “Why not just gather your family within the manse and keep them there until this thing has been solved and those behind it are in jail?”
Dimmock let out a noisy breath, sounding resigned. “Oh, fine,” he said. “God help me, but … fine. Will you ride in the car?”
,” the girl answered tonelessly even as she hiccupped through sobs. “And this s-stupid bitch … is just the one s-saying it out loud for me.”
“Sherlock, the past months of surveillance have shown that these people
“Mutually … pleasing …” John shook his head, his brain seemingly stuck on a loop; now nothing was making sense at all. “But … I was going to rent it.”
Finally, a pair of heavy double doors were opened for John to step through, and he got his first real, good look at Mycroft Holmes: the man was impeccably dressed, standing in the middle of what appeared to be a rather vast library and – for some mysterious reason – was leaning on a silver-tipped umbrella, his left ankle crossed with his right as if he were some sort of caricature made to pose.
to accompany him to the pub tonight, but even Sherlock had to admit that he had been rather vigorous with his protestations earlier, so it was quite understandable that John would try and find some other person who would want to be surrounded by the smell of sweat and grease and stale alcohol, unlike Sherlock. He shook himself mentally; as was his wont, he didn’t dwell overlong on the uncomfortable sensation, and instead filed it away in the John wing of his Mind Palace for future examination, stepping resolutely forward.
, right?”
“Wish I was. I just hope you’ve got one more tux hanging in the back of your closet somewhere.”
didn’t get upset.”
John lifted his chin. “
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “All right. John.”
“Look at them go, the bastards,” Greg said again, after a moment of silence. “Wining and dining and stabbing in the back, all with a smile. God, it makes me wish I’m just back at the Yard, tracking down the average murderer.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “That’s it … what?”
He saw the man open his mouth, presumably to respond – but whatever it was he was about to say was interrupted by the sound of a tinkling bell. Distracted, John craned his neck around to see where the sound had come from and saw a stream of people now moving slowly towards the banquet hall.
“Well, I can tell you with complete honesty that I am neither employed nor paid any amount by Mycroft Holmes to be here. Although I admit to having met him and agree that he is an extremely nosy git.” John rubbed his palm absently on the couch, watching the way Sherlock grinned with ill-concealed pleasure at John’s last sentence. “I just really needed a new place to stay in, something nearer to a clinic I’d been accepted to …”
An errant curl fell over the other man’s forehead as he shook his head slowly. “No.”
John blinked at Sherlock – but instead of jumping into action as he normally would, he suddenly drew back as if burnt, took a little stumbling step away from the girl, his face twisting in horror and revulsion.
This chapter is a bit short, so apologies to those wanting a long chapter! Will try and get the next one up by Sunday, so at least it's a bit of a shorter wait. Cheers to everyone still invested in reading this -- you guys are better than a triple murder in a locked room!
Sherlock pulled a face. “I know you have great trust in her, Inspector, but her Gift is still more suited to the laboratory.” He flicked a glance at John, and somehow John knew what he was going to say next. “I’ll go under one condition. John goes with me.”
True enough, the cabbie’s eyes grew wide with fright, his eyes frantically trying to follow the orbs around him that glowed like miniature suns – but instead of throwing himself at the policemen, he turned and threw himself out the nearest window, down to the alleyway below, only to land with a sickening thud on a pile of garbage.
The unmistakable sound of an explosion rang in John’s ears, and he was rolling low on the ground and calling on his shield before he even realised he was awake. His heart hammered loudly in his chest and his head spun; sputtering, he inhaled the acrid odour of smoke – smoke, ash, sand, burnt flesh …
Sherlock could feel Lestrade practically vibrate with disbelief. “Cap – what the hell are you doing? If she’s a blaster, you’re the only one who can –”
So yes. Mycroft played a role in this somehow. But John had sworn, from that first day, that he was not under Mycroft’s employ, and Sherlock – after hours considering his available observation data – had to admit that John had been telling him the truth. In the absence of further information, therefore, Sherlock had decided to believe him, although something still kept him from truly trusting him. After all, there just
“A relative has spirited the boy away, which was why there were no clues nor struggle to speak of. Highest probability would be mother, since she wasn’t mentioned. Father is most likely an alcoholic, possibly has abusive tendencies, but he can’t have that leaking all over the press, he’d lose business – therefore, mother trying to save her child, father trying to save face. Tedious. Next.”
“Oh, don’t bother explaining, dear,” Mrs. Hudson interjected, waving his explanation away. “Just go on ahead. I’ll just be here, anyway, and if you’ll still be needing the space, just knock on 221A.”
Sherlock paused in his movements even as he glared at his brother incredulously. “And why would I willingly subject myself to
to be here? That hardly sounds fair.”
“Twelve hours to solve … my puzzle, Sherlock,” the girl continued. “Or I’m going to be so … naughty.”
. “Thanks,” he said, cautiously, as he sat down.
“Yes, sir.” John kept his face as neutral as possible, and tapped the lip of the tumbler against his forehead in mock salute. “Queen and country.”
“In this situation, it may very well be the case.”
Mycroft lifted his gaze to hold John’s. “You don’t understand. My brother cannot be left as he is. He is too vulnerable.”
Undeterred, John continued his slow approach; the girl stood rooted to the spot, tightly coiled tension clearly writ in the lines of her body. Sherlock sensed, rather than saw, Lestrade move a few steps to the left, away now from Nathan and the rest of the crowd; accordingly, Sherlock moved to the right, directly in John’s line of sight, creating a better net of support for John in case she decided to bolt.
“—a blaster, John,” Sherlock breathed, turning his gaze towards John. “She’s still new to her Gift, so her radius and impact will be limited, but watch out –”
John opened his mouth, then closed it.
John smiled back. “Mrs. Hudson, I presume?”
“Hang on,” John said, feeling a headache coming on. This was
“I’m sure that won’t be necessary, Mrs. Hudson,” John said politely.
John sighed. “Why don’t you check the blog? Maybe something interesting would come from there.”
221C? For your experiments?”
John walked slowly over, mentally crossing out
Decision made, Sherlock picked his way towards the bar where John sat, and when he finally managed to get around a large crowd of clearly inebriated teenagers (Sherlock did think that the granting of legal age shouldn’t have to coincide with the official registration of Gifts at eighteen, but then he had a special fondness for any law that helped him get from under his brother’s thumb as soon as he possibly could, so he kept his opinion on that private) he saw that John was actually engaged in conversation with a silver-haired man in a hastily-slapped together suit and tie. Sherlock frowned at the man, briefly consulting his Mind Palace for the list of John’s army comrades and secret service colleagues since this man obviously had been in one or both, but was only able to pull up a last name – someone named Lestrade, apparently. Ah, the one who played rugby with John, the one that Inspector Dimmock did not want to see near a field.
“Not necessarily his Gift, John. His
“You mean his Gift.” John frowned. “Does his Gift have anything to do with contradicting yours?”
“Then what use is he if he can’t?” Sherlock ran his hands through his hair in frustration. He
Sure now that John had gone back to sleep, Sherlock straightened himself out on the couch and steepled his fingers under his chin, resuming his observation. Sherlock had been absolutely certain that John’s appearance at Baker Street was at the behest of his meddling sibling: paid handsomely and therefore coerced to tolerate Sherlock’s behaviour in close quarters even as he watched over him, no doubt propelled by Mycroft’s ludicrous belief that Sherlock had no ability to protect himself from enemies, whether personal or by proxy. That the hero who had saved one Holmes would appear so soon at another’s home was too much to be considered a coincidence, and Sherlock had absolutely no faith in coincidences.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” John repeated, finally recalling his orb and shield into himself and rubbing his eyes with the back of a shaking hand, adrenaline still surging through his body. “What the buggering fuck was that?”
“I was trying to find out the combustion rate and strength of hexamethylenetetramine once exposed to paraformaldehyde and a source of heat; apparently it takes no more than five seconds and, under certain conditions of enclosure, could create a small explosion.” Sherlock shrugged and looked back down at the bowl, prodding it with his extinguished blowtorch. “Besides, you were being boring.”
“Not because it was any choice of yours; you know we’ve established that a long time ago. Fortunately, ridding myself of your presence is
Once the girl was near enough for John to reach out and take hold, John recalled his Gift, and immediately the silver threads shrank back towards his body. Suddenly freed, the girl staggered forwards, and John expertly caught her even as Lestrade and Sherlock hurried to come near.
~ Summer
John blinked. “Your own protector? But – don’t you already have Anthea? I’ve heard she’s a powerful one, and younger –”
Mycroft sighed. “Suffice it say that my brother’s – how should I say it? – abilities have preceded him, and that these individuals have taken note. They will use it against him, so that, by extension, he will use it against me and the British government.”
John paused, thinking. “It sounds more like some sort of sibling rivalry to me.”
The night had progressed, more or less, like how he had predicted it: fancy, interminable, and boring. Everyone twittered around him like he was some sort of exotic plant to be admired, the women batting their lashes outrageously and the men all puffing their chests up whenever they managed to corner him somewhere. The only thing that kept him from making his polite excuses and leaving outright was the fact that he hadn’t yet gotten to speak to Mycroft Holmes, who had been his absent benefactor during his convalescence and who had been generous to an almost alarming degree. John had wanted to thank him personally, and as long as he hadn’t managed that he knew he couldn’t yet leave.
“Hang on,” John said, feeling rather like he had been caught in a whirlwind that threatened to bowl him over completely if he did not bring it to halt. Immediately. “You …
It hadn’t yet been two hours, but John was ready to scream.
John blinked. “Afghanistan – but how …?”
John shrugged. “John. I prefer to be called John. My first name, you know.”
A fleeting tightness clouded John’s expression, quickly replaced by what appeared to be a forced casualness
A loud bang suddenly resonated through the pub, and, in almost perfect synchronicity, all heads – including John’s and Lestrade’s – turned towards the now-open back door and the wild looking young man who stood in the middle of it even as Sherlock silently breathed in relief, inwardly thanking John’s continued cluelessness and cursing Lestrade’s surprising astuteness.
Sherlock huffed impatiently, as if this were of little import. “This is Captain Watson’s home, Detective Inspector. You can hardly expect for him to be elsewhere.”
“Huh,” the other man said, frowning. “That’s not what other people normally say.”
“Yes, charming,” John smiled, trying for reassuring and knowing he probably ended up with something more like a grimace. “I did say I had never lived in a basement, but I’m up for something new at this point, anyhow.”
Mycroft. Now
“Yes. Don’t pretend you haven’t met him. Although to be honest, if I’d met him for the first time I’d try to pretend I haven’t either.” When John did not respond to that statement, he added, with a touch of irritation, “Mycroft. I’m talking about Mycroft Holmes. My older brother.”
“Old man Watson,” a voice crackled into his ear, and John grinned as he recognised Greg’s teasing voice on the other end of the line. “Stop doing calisthenics. There’s really nothing you can do to make arthritis go away at this late age.”
Sherlock’s annoyance over his brother’s insufferable nosiness – alongside a sense of something else that he did not care to examine too closely at the moment – lingered until he managed to open the pub doors; there he was immediately welcomed by such a blast of heat, noise, and general
“That she ought to keep 221C for my experiments. No one would really want to rent that room; it’s draughty and damp. In fact, I stored a collection of skin samples of varying thicknesses in one corner last month; one grew mould so fast that –”
John shook his head in consternation. Nosy git.
Mycroft nodded. “And fortuitous timing it was, too. A second too late and Hughes would have detonated the bomb, and we would all – including the people in the garden whom you selflessly protected by enclosing the bomber within your shield, despite the damage it would have done you – be dust by now.”
“Don’t you think it’s hypocritical to tell me to let my brother mind his own business when you cannot seem to do that for your own sibling?” Mycroft continued relentlessly, ignoring his question. “In the end, John, are we really all that different?”
“—nothing from you, Mycroft. I have my own life now. Stay out of it.”
if I’m alright?”
Sherlock turned away in a dramatic swish of coat, and John couldn't help but follow his every movement with his eyes. He turned to Mrs. Hudson, who was watching him rather bemusedly. “You must be wondering …”
“And … that’s it?”
Sherlock frowned but did not look surprised. “Who’s on forensics?”
since John had moved in and Sherlock still watched him continuously, avidly, if secretly – and it was an almost single-minded focus that had yet to wane on his end, broken only by cases and some of the most pressing experiments that he had to run for his own elucidation; but even then the question of John Watson was not put aside but merely placed on hold, to be taken out again and examined whenever the opportunity presented itself.
“Thank you,” John said as he sat down on the indicated seat. “And I don’t just mean the chair. These past few weeks, Mr. Holmes, your generosity has been –”
my only brother.”
“I’m not c-crying. I’m
“—I’ll tell – wait. I’m sorry? Agreed to what?”
why I have asked you here tonight,” Mycroft said. “As I had already mentioned, we have all been targeted, and so long as this threat has not been neutralised, I wish to make sure that my family is safe. As a protector, I’m sure you understand.” He pulled out a thin envelope, this time from inside his suit jacket and embossed with the initials
“John.”
John stretched his neck sideways until he heard his left shoulder pop, then rubbed it swiftly to chase the lingering pain away. Careful not to dislodge the earpiece whose wires snaked its way down his chest and onto the receiver jammed into his inner pocket, he bent slightly at the waist, groaning softly as he felt his joints creak.
The man shrugged. “Piss off.”
“Sod off, Lestrade,” John said good-naturedly, straightening up from his stretch and sweeping his eyes once more around the mansion grounds, this time noting the changed positions of the various celebrities and government officials he was supposed to be guarding on the lawn below. “And keep your eyes on the rest of the perimeter, not on me.”
Mycroft responded with a small nod and offered him the folder again. “I give you my word.”
“But you wouldn’t be telling me this if the problem has been solved by simply finding the mole. This isn’t a simple thank you chat, is it?” John sat forward, sharpening his tone. “I’m sorry if this sounds rude, Mr. Holmes, but I would appreciate it if you could speak to me more plainly, with none of the mysterious cloak-and-dagger act that you politicians seem to favour. I’ve never been much for veiled discussion and such.”
Lestrade didn’t respond and instead looked back at John. “You weren’t kidding when you said he keeps rolling out the … what did you call it, Cap?”
“So then how will his Gift be used against you?”
“Yes, yes, that’s me,” she said, ushering him forward and into the foyer. “Please, come in from the cold. This building isn’t all that new, and I’d only just started the heater in the apartment you wanted to see –”
this man and how did he know all of this? “Are you … a seer?”
~ Summer
“Everything I have done, I’ve done to keep you safe, whether you believe it or not,” Mycroft said tightly. “You
The other man lifted an eyebrow at his question. “But what?”
So if you've been waiting for the next installment of this fic -- thank you, thank you for your patience. I really hope this chapter is worth the wait!
John stepped cautiously inside the sitting room, noting the fireplace (empty) and the skull that was perched on the mantle (a real one); there were two chairs right in front of it, a squashy, comfortable-looking red chintz and a chrome-and-black-leather affair. Instinctively he went towards the red one, knowing that it would fit him more than the other, but caught himself mid-stride. His host was not around, after all, and he didn’t yet know if he was welcome to sit anywhere – Mycroft had warned John of Sherlock’s eccentricities, although what they were, precisely, he did not know; he had not
John looked down and blinked. There was a carpet at his feet – a red Oriental carpet. What was a carpet doing in the –
Unbidden, John felt an answering grin form on his face. It
Dimmock’s eyebrow rose. “What? Here? But I thought he lived over at –”
“We’ve only just met, and now we’re going to share a flat?”
“I’ll make sure to ask the general criminal population next time I get in touch with them.”
“All owned by the same man, who, you will find, has insured his properties for a hefty sum. Gambling is never a good vice, John, you would do well to remember.”
John sighed in relief, barely managing to restrain himself from jumping up from his seat.
“As it must have become obvious to you the moment you sensed trouble, there appears to be a mole within the force, planted with obvious forethought and planning.” Holmes went on, his voice now taking on a controlled, measured tone. “Needless to say, this individual has already been discovered, apprehended, and dealt with accordingly.”
“Fair enough.” John gave a short nod, accepting the change in formality with equanimity. “So, Mycroft – why did you
With a growl, Sherlock flung himself upright from the sofa and headed for the door. Fine.
The corners of the girl’s lips went up but the rest of it stayed stubbornly down, as if she were trying to smile, but the rest of her did not agree. “I’ve s-sent you a little puzzle, j-just to s-say hi,” she said.
Sherlock looked up then, and began pulling off his safety glasses. “Oh. I thought you were still asleep.”
At that, Mycroft fell silent, gazing at Sherlock for a few beats longer, his face falling back into its usual indifferent lines so completely that it was as if he had put on a mask. With a single raised brow, Mycroft lifted his hand and rapped the glass once with his knuckle, sharply. “Very well. I trust that this drop off location is suitable?”
Firstly, my apologies for the delay -- real life called and wanted my hours, so I had to oblige. Anyhow, am back with a new chapter!
“Oh, yes, but that’s already occupied.” Mrs. Hudson rummaged through her pockets quickly, then triumphantly fished out a set of keys. “A-ha! Here we go. Come on, Dr. Watson, let’s go visit 221C.”
“Ah, yes. But that – as you have asked me so bluntly to tell you – is
John frowned. He had expected (or maybe, if he was being honest with himself – he had
apartment?” John rubbed his left eyebrow with a thumb in an attempt to dispel the growing pain that was beginning to throb inside his skull; the Holmes brothers, if anything, seemed guaranteed to cause him headaches.
“Yes, I heard that. She sounded … petrified. It was what made me rush in.”
John had not planned to bring his Gift out to the fore – protectors were highly uncommon, and those who did possess a certain degree of proficiency in the control of such a Gift usually ended up employed by the highest echelons of society and were therefore rarely seen outside of the danger zones – but the moment the gun swerved towards Sherlock all his hesitation dropped away, fear and a surprising fury mingling in his gut even as he took in the slightest widening in Sherlock’s eyes that told him that not even his Gift for observation had prepared him for that move.
Greg grinned, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “Haven’t you been told? There’s going to be some fancy shindig for when you do. Medals and such. They’re all practically fighting to get the chance to host it, didn’t you know?”
“A wife cheating on her husband with a lesbian lover. The public library’s internet isn’t being hacked into; it’s just the head archivist who has been masking his unhealthy interest in pornography by systematically sabotaging their internet connection every time he uses it. Two neighbours in a feud over roses; the other doesn’t know that it’s a rare shrub, so he’s spray painting the buds in hopes that the idiot next door doesn’t notice it until he’s spirited the whole thing away.” Sherlock waved a dismissive hand towards the laptop where it rested on top of their work desk. “There. Solved. Ugh.”
Sherlock looked up from the block and frowned, as if John was being deliberately slow. “I hate repeating myself, John, so do keep up. I already told you: I’ve come to a mutually pleasing decision, and I have spoken to Mrs. Hudson. That’s why she has agreed to rent me the place.”
John sighed in his sleep, and Sherlock slouched further down in his couch, ready to feign nonchalance rather than be caught watching his flat mate – even in his own limited understanding of how the world worked, Sherlock knew that such things would most likely be deemed as A Bit Not Good by anyone, and it could only be worse if John were to catch him at it – but thankfully the object of his attention slept on even as he shifted, and, apparently finding the space even more limited than his own twin bed, simply shuffled closer to the corner where the back rest met the seat, tucking his head more firmly on his pillow and his arms in to conserve space: a soldier used to makeshift spaces, even in slumber. The movement reminded Sherlock of the fact that, despite all the outward appearances of a quiet man in frankly hideous jumpers and an inordinate fondness for tea and toast, John was – is – a dangerous man, a powerful protector who, for some reason, had decided to quit a career in the British Security Forces to seek the nondescript life of a general practitioner.
Three months, one week, and five days, Sherlock mused, now running his eyes over John’s sleeping form, noting the slight change in breathing pattern that told him John was either going to wake soon or turn over for a change of position on the couch. It had been over
She merely raised her brows.
“The rent … of
, Sherlock thought,
The taller man looked at him, his lips quirking into a small smile. “Excellent. Follow me upstairs, then, Captain, if it’s convenient. And if it isn’t … come upstairs anyway.”
,” he said, emphasising the shift back into formality, “During my hospital stay, for tonight’s festivities, and for the offer. None of them were necessary, but you have my thanks, anyway.”
The man nodded, making shadows move across his face as he did so, and John couldn’t help but notice how very striking he was: sharp cheekbones, aquiline nose and – rather incongruously, he thought – a mess of dark curls on his head. “You’re wearing your dress uniform but you’re obviously uncomfortable with it; it’s either you don’t enjoy the association or that you’ve not worn it in quite some time. I’d wager it’s both. Fabric says you’d had it dry cleaned and ironed probably yesterday, but there are still deep creases left over – dry cleaning never quite manages to straighten out thick cloth after all, so it’s been folded for a while – one year, maybe two, something heavy atop it, most likely linens. The lines around your wrist show you’d been deeply tanned around the same time, and that you’ve only started to regain your natural colouring recently. So: army man who’s been home for a year or two, from somewhere he could have gotten a tan. Where else have we sent our forces and brought them home fairly recently? Afghanistan … or Iraq.”
Sherlock looked out the window, completely unsurprised to see that they had just pulled up to John’s favourite pub and Sherlock’s intended location, the Pig and Whistle; Mycroft, after all, had his uses sometimes. “As you well know.”
John groaned. Leave it to the rich to think that the rest of humanity was starved for their accolades. “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“New Scotland Yard?
to know – and it was entirely possible that one of those was a particularity towards what he might consider his personal space. John did not want to risk being thrown out this early in the game.
It was absurdly fascinating.
That night his dreams still featured a battlefield – but instead of sand, all that was under his feet were the blinking lights of London as he surveyed them from a rooftop.
. “Possible ties?”
John nodded, opening the packet and pulling out the dossier. He didn’t get the chance to take a real look at the man that night, but the photo he now held showed a balding white male in dark glasses, looking around a street.
Apologies for the mega-delay for this one; lots of things have come up in recent weeks and I lost the thread of my own narrative. I've resolved to get back into the groove, though, so I hope that I can continue posting as regularly as I used to from henceforth.
“I wouldn’t have to do that if you simply answered my phone calls or responded to my messages, Sherlock,” Mycroft replied smoothly from across him, watching Sherlock as he settled himself.
The girl’s face swivelled towards John’s voice, and Sherlock felt a jolt of surprise – while her eyes continued to stream with tears and her voice shook with her sobs, her face remained completely expressionless. “No, no, no,” she said. “Not you. N-not … you …”
“You know, I find it strange that you seem to be indifferent to my problem,” Mycroft said then, an odd note in his voice that John could not immediately place. Regret? Sympathy? “After all, you too, have a sister whom you worry about, all the time.”
And idiotic as it might sound, that was precisely what John did … because honestly, at this point – how could he not?
John’s own protector instincts reared at the thought. “Bloody bastards. How do you know this? Threatening letters, anonymous material ...?”
“You … quit? But why?” Sherlock frowned. “You must have an extremely powerful Gift to have been able to withstand that explosion; the amount of semtex strapped to that assassin’s chest should have levelled a twenty-storey building. And yet you not only shielded everyone; you
“You’ve met him, John. Tell me, would being his brother be something that you would tell other people willingly?”
The police officer blinked, and for a second there was nothing but confusion on his face; then, just as quickly, he shrugged and shook John’s hand briefly. “True enough, and good thing, too. My boys are still smarting over that last rugby match; I don’t think they want to see you or Lestrade anywhere near a field.”
But what Clara had represented to him…that’s what John had wanted: a place to find comfort and support and love, someone to care for. John was a doctor. Caring for people was his job, it was his purpose. And now, as he gazed around the dingy room, he knew that he couldn’t even care for himself.
“He works there too?” John asked.
. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Bart’s, so Army doctor – obvious.”
“Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing.” Sherlock looked down to John’s cane and then to his bad leg. “Your limp’s really bad when you walk but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says that the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“Mrs. Hudson, the landlady – she’s given me a special deal. Owes me a favour,” Sherlock explained, speaking to what must have been a very interesting spot over John’s left shoulder. “A few years back her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out.”
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Lestrade moaned. “If you’re just making this up…”
Sherlock took that as his cue to move, and he ushered John to where he had stood beside the corpse, squatting down beside it. John followed the best he could, his leg twinging in protest as he awkwardly lowered himself onto one knee, using his cane to support himself the best he could.
They sat in silence for a long while and a million and one questions floated in and out of John’s mind, each more complicated than the last. Sherlock, however, seemed completely at ease leaning elegantly against the cab door, his face illuminated by the light from his screen.
“You were thinking,” Sherlock clarified. “It was annoying.”
He became so engrossed in counting his mechanical steps, in fact, that he almost missed a man’s voice calling his name.
“You know how they never leave notes?”
“Okay, a bit of advice then,” Donovan offered. “Stay away from that guy.”
There was a comfortable pause, and then the two began to speak.
John turned around to see Anderson leaning casually against the doorway.
He laughed, and John felt himself chuckle too at the memory of life before the war. Their pure naivety alone was comedic in itself, and John found the nostalgia somewhat comforting.
“I did,” the man said, his back to them as he pulled on a long, dark coat. “Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now, here he is just after lunch with an old friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.”
When the storm subsided and sunlight started seeping its way into the room, John sat up on the edge of his bed and tried to focus on the feeling of the carpet beneath his feet. In the faint sunlight he tried to focus his wavering gaze on something distinct in the sea of muted brown that surrounded him, but found that it was becoming harder for him to even distinguish one wall from the other. Eventually, his eyes drifted to his desk—and, in turn, to the war itself. Or, rather, what John had left of it. Against the desk leaned his cane, cold and demanding and proof of the throbbing echo in his mind.
“An old friend of mine, John Watson,” Stamford said, introducing them. John had almost forgotten that he was in the room, he was so caught up in the stranger’s gaze.
“Hello,” Mrs. Hudson said, this time her warm smile directed at John. “Come in.”
“It’s murder!” Sherlock expressed, gripping the railing. “All of them. I don’t know how, but they’re not suicides, they’re killings —
“I’m John,” he said, turning back to Not-Anthea.
help you.”
“Ah, and you couldn’t bear to be anywhere else,” Stamford laughed. “That’s not the John Watson I knew.”
“So’s Sergeant Donovan,” Sherlock said, and John looked over to see that Donovan’s eyes had widened in shock, confirming the accusation. John tried to hide his smile as she and Anderson shared a panicked look, and Sherlock bounced on his heels proudly.
A short walk later and John found himself back in the familiar corridors of Bart’s. Stamford took a left toward the labs and John followed him until they stopped in front of the last door on the right. Stamford peered in through the window, smiled, and gave a brief knock before opening the door. He entered the lab and held the door for John, who nodded appreciatively and followed, glancing around the room.
Stamford grinned at him and nonchalantly gestured to himself. “Yeah, I know,” he said. “I got fat.”
“Her name’s Jennifer Wilson according to her credit cards,” Lestrade continued. “We’re running them now for contact details. Hasn’t been here long. Some kids found her.”
“But who
Not-Anthea smiled down at her BlackBerry. “Yes,” she said. “I know.”
“Quite clear,” Sherlock smiled. He then took in another deep breath through his nose, just like he had next to Donovan. “And, uh, is your wife away for long?”
He held out his phone to show John and Lestrade the webpage he was looking at earlier; it displayed today’s weather for southern Britain.
“Something cold will do! John, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home. Don’t wait up!”
The search results showed a single website:
“That’s not what people normally say,” Sherlock admitted.
Startled, Lestrade shook his head. “I didn’t say anything.”
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll skip the tea,” he said. “Off out.”
“Fun?” John questioned. “There’s a woman lying dead.”
“But,” he continued, “the police don’t go to private detectives.”
“But they take the poison themselves,” Sherlock said, slowing down and looking up the stairwell at them. “They chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs. Even you lot couldn’t miss them.”
“What?”
“Yeah,” John said, somewhat harsher than he had intended, “I’m not the John Watson…”
“Ah, Anderson,” Sherlock said, addressing him pleasantly. “Here we are again.”
He turned and opened the door, stepping outside and leaving Sherlock and John alone with Jennifer Wilson.
“I’m breaking every rule letting
“Yeah, he just took off,” she said. “He does that.”
“Yeah,” he said into the phone. “I see it.”
This was apparently the wrong thing to say, as John found him subjected to a very poignant
she was writing Rachel; no other word it can be. Question it: why did she wait until she was dying to write it?”
John smiled in disbelief and looked across to Stamford in hope of some help, but his friend seemed to be content observing and didn’t offer a word. John turned back to the man, whose eyes expressed amusement under dark lashes.
“That’s brilliant.” The words tumbled out of John’s mouth before he could catch himself, and he awkwardly smiled as Sherlock paused to look at him, eyes wide. “Sorry,” he said, urging Sherlock to continue his explanation.
He walked firmly past another telephone box determined not to look at it, but it too began to ring. Mystified, John stared at the phone and wondered whether or not he should answer it. Curiosity got the better of him, it always did, as he pulled open the door and picked up the phone.
, Sherlock Holmes would be the one to find it.
“Look,” John said, diverting back to the situation at hand. “What am I supposed to be doing here?”
“What do people normally say?”
Before he could dwell on the thought for too long, John took a swig of his coffee and opened his laptop. It opened to the same page it always did, ‘The Personal Blog of Dr. John H. Watson.’ And so John proceeded with his morning routine and sat there, hands clasped in front of his face, staring blankly at the screen without any hint of a clue as to what to write.
All conversation now forgotten, Sherlock watched as John instinctively jumped into action, making his way swiftly towards the young man, muttering brief but polite requests for people to move and let him pass. Sherlock exchanged a quick look with Lestrade, and without a word, both of them proceeded to follow in John’s wake, eventually finding themselves in the narrow, dimly-lit alleyway behind the pub, joining a small gaggle of onlookers who had been likewise curious enough to step out of the pub along with them to stare at a young woman who was sobbing hysterically but appeared to be otherwise unhurt.
“Bloody hell,” he cursed out loud as the rest of the room swam before his eyes – he was not in the desert; he was in an apartment, one that had carpets slung around on the wooden floor and a pair of mismatched chairs sitting in front of a fireplace.
The first thing that struck John the moment he rushed into the room was the impossible amount of light that seemed to be blazing. A strange wavering in the air that reminded him of the desert haze at noon stood between him and three well-dressed individuals – and when the wavering solidified for a split second, apparently distracted by his sudden appearance, John’s attention zeroed in on the bulky vest strapped to the chest of a faceless man.
Sherlock blinked at him. “My Gift?”
“Yes. Can’t seem to get anyone interested in it, to be honest. It’s the mould, I expect. Curse of basements.” She stopped in front of a door that was further protected by an iron gate and began to unlock it. “But don’t worry. If you decide you like it, I’ll call on my neighbour Mrs. Turner. Her Gift is in cleaning; she’ll have it all spic-and-span in a trice, I’m sure.”
This time
Mrs. Hudson only nodded with what he could only describe as a knowing smile, and John could swear that he felt her eyes on his back as he left.
“Yes, well, I live here now. Apparently.” John stepped forward, offering a hand to Dimmock in an attempt to stave off further questions – after all, John was still wrapping his own head around the sudden turn of events with regards to his residence, and he figured it was just fair that no one else got to think about it any further before he did. “Detective Inspector. It’s been a while.”
The girl closed her eyes, and her hands began to glow golden, faintly at first, then slowly strengthening.
Strangely enough, the man did not seem pleased; in fact, he looked slightly taken aback. “You think so?”
, John thought.
Holmes’ brow raised slightly, as if in challenge. “You mean it doesn’t bother you?”
, John thought, but did not give it voice; for some reason he felt that Sherlock did not seem to be very comfortable discussing his Gift, and he knew that the very least he could do for his flatmate’s earlier consideration was a reciprocation of the act. Besides, the discussion of a Gift was a very private matter, usually reserved for family or close friends, and John knew he was neither. He cast around in his mind for other suitable topics, but Sherlock had finished fussing and beat him to it.
John shrugged. “At least it worked.”
he scolded himself even as he glanced surreptitiously up at Sherlock’s face, but the other man didn’t seem to have noticed the sudden turn of John’s thoughts and looked to be deep in his own. John heaved a small sigh of relief and, determined to keep his mind on the business at hand, finally decided to just settle down into the chair to await judgment, busying himself with studying the wall pattern just to occupy his mind. It was surprisingly easy, noting the curling patterns and the way it gave off a homey, if slightly claustrophobic, atmosphere when it was lit by the late morning sun, dust motes dancing slowly through the air. Besides, the chintz really
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, yes.” Mycroft Holmes smiled, managing to somehow mix what seemed to be pity and disdain in a single gesture. “The obedience of a soldier."
“Same difference.” Sherlock finally stood up, discarding his tools on the table carelessly and walking slowly towards John, his gaze steady. “And as for me … I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end … would that bother you? Flat mates should know the worst about each other, after all.”
Mrs. Hudson blinked, then looked at John. “But … I thought you said you were a doctor?”
John fought the brief but very strong temptation to send Mycroft a photo of him flipping the bird; with a sigh, he decided to simply refrain from replying, deleting all the messages before turning his phone off and replacing it on the nightstand.
, he told himself, a mantra that he had kept running in his head since the previous night. He knew that if Sherlock’s Gift for observing ever came into play in the next few minutes, the whole thing would come crashing down his ears, and he would lose the chance to get to know this man who had strangely captivated him from the start.
Sherlock straightened his Belstaff and spared his brother a final scathing glance; Mycroft met his eyes without flinching. “Sod off, Mycroft,” he said, then turned and walked away without another word.
“Ha. You’re one to talk where it comes to worried significant others,” Sherlock said acerbically before John could even begin to reply. “Divorced twice, both wives having left you with one child apiece, one of whom desperately wants a dog that you cannot give. Difficult to do so when you live in a walk up, is it? I am, admittedly, not a counsellor, but if you had gone to see one, any idiot with that Gift would know to tell you that – oh!”
"Thank you,"  John says in return clutching to his best friend, arms tight around him.  "You can come over any time."
Fawnlock smiled softly up at his love, "Who else would I come to?" He asked softly, raising a brow up at his mate.
"Want to try it by yourself first?" Mycroft looks at the question he'd been working on, the one Sherlock will be starting and moves on to the next one. If there was anyone more proud of Sherlock, other than their mother, Mycroft would take up jogging daily. Thankfully he can say that there is no one of the sort.
"I hope we're friends forever."
Sherlock gives John a small smile, "I bet you'd make a great doctor or an astronaut, John." Sherlock shrugs, the subject changing didn't bother him at all, he changed subjects all the time because he was always jumping from one idea to the next in his head. "Is this where you're staying?" He asks, stopping and looking to John. Sherlock notices that John looks a bit down, he doesn't really know why, did he do something wrong? Did he somehow upset John? Sherlock sighs.
Moosecroft followed his brother into his new home, looking around the dwelling at the curious decorations and furniture. The nest at least, he recognized.
The woods were alive with nightlife, soft songs humming a buzzing energy through the forest. Unlike Fawnlock's woods, this one was entirely in the Fae world, all flora and fauna bursting with magic in such abundance it leaked from the very ground and cast an unearthly glow upon the path.
"I'm not worried about him. I know we love each other...that's all that matters." John smoothed out the scarf and then took the fawn's hand, threading their fingers together. "Together. Always together. Nothing and no one will ever come between us."
His brows did lift in surprise, not exactly for the news, but rather that his brother was actually coming forward and admitting his situation to it, with minimal interference on Moosecroft's part. He waited patiently for his brother to speak his fill, even though the awkward shuffles and distracted stroking to the scarf wound around his neck. Which was no doubt a gift from this potential mate. So courtship had begun.
He nosed at John's shoulder, his damp nose bumping John's collarbone. He bleated softly, hands moving to John's bum, hand gently gripping one cheek, the other hand still gently tugging John's hair. His ears flicked against John's chin and cheek, his tail swishing behind him. The fawn gently nipped at John's shoulder, his hips bucking once more into John.
As soon as the limo stops though, Sherlock leaps out of the door and runs into the large house.
The fawn bleated softly at John's touch, tail swishing in pleasant contentment as he leaned over his mate.
"She went to a friend's house," Sherlock lies smoothly. Even Mycroft couldn't tell, "John and I are perfectly safe, we locked the door, and it's a safe neighborhood."
"I'm so excited!"  John exclaims once inside the lobby, waiting to pay the entrance fee. He is bouncing where he stands, still clutching Sherlock's hand.  "Oh, I bet they have an insect exhibit and one for dinosaurs and I really want to see the Tyrannosaurus-Rex Skeleton." John goes on about what else he wants to see, so thrilled about nearly everything in the museum.
Everything Fawnlock was doing, every nuzzle and pet and soft little kiss was making John glow from the inside out with such happiness and utter adoration. Having this gorgeous creature rubbing and cuddling against him was starting to make John flush with a new heat though. John hummed low and cleared his throat, leaning back a bit so he could look the fawn in the eyes. He wasn't sure if this was just friendly cuddling, or if the fae would even know if it was considering he hadn't had much in the way of friends before. "Fawnlock...," he said softly smoothing his fingers downwards until they slid up along the furled curl of his tail, stroking the soft tuft before moving back up towards his spine. He arched up and smoothly kissed his lips again, then leaned back just a bit, their lips still just barely touching. "Just friends aren't this close...this is the sort of things that lovers and mates do. Is that what you want?"
John dipped his bread into the soup and sopped up the broth, nibbling at the drenched bread and alternating taking sips from the mug. As Fawnlock moved closer and spoke, John hummed, trying to think of what he could even bake, beyond the cookies he'd learned last night.
The fawn pursed his lips slightly and tilted his head, carefully settling his chin on John's shoulder, "Mummy would have adored you right away," a corner of his lips quirked up as he rubbed his furred against John's stubbly one. "But Da wouldn't be as easy to tell, he would just be happy that I'm happy, after he got over the fact that you weren't Fae...." He murmured softly, "But after a while he would learn to love you as well."
He pulled the fae's hand up and kissed the back of it, then stepped ahead and tugged the fawn after him.
The fawn’s eager affections made it that much harder to leave, but John wanted Fawnlock to be properly fed and have all the strength he needed to face his brother. So John eventually untangled himself, planting a kiss to a dappled cheek and then climbing out of the nest to head for the kitchen.
"What do you say to go looking through the garden for any interesting insects?"
Mrs. Holmes looks to her son with a slight smile, "So how was school, did you two do well?"
Mycroft makes a small sound of surprise, eyes opening halfway to look at Greg's that are seeming to ask permission.  He slips his eyes closed again, leaning forward to get a bit more comfortable, parting his lips and allows Greg in, thankful to have someone more skilled lead him in this slow dance of their tongues.  It feels nice, kissing Greg, he is gentle and patient with teaching Mycroft who had never kissed before.
John hummed into the kiss, closing his eyes and drawing circles down Fawnlock's hip and thigh. When the need for oxygen burned in his chest, he finally pulled back, staring down at the fawn with a hazy, half lidded gaze. The soft little noises the fawn made turned John on far more than they should have, but the fact he was making them because of what John himself was doing was enough to make the blond shudder and sigh himself. A deep heat started to grow in his belly, coiling down through every limb, to his toes and fingertips. His love and desire for the fawn was spreading through him like wildfire, and there was no way to put it out besides the pair of them just burning together.
"I suppose I should be off then." The fawn sighed softly, feeling the soft call of the witching hour and gate in his veins. Fawnlock pressed a kiss to John's chin and then another to his lips, nipping his bottom lip lightly.
Fawnlock nodded sitting up with the human. He reached up with his hands, stretching out his back and arms. He bleated softly at the blissful feeling of his back popping in several places.
"Let's get started, eh?"
Introducing Rugby Captain!Greg, Sirus, and serious questions.
"Daffodils are lovely.  I really like yellow - and blue."  John looks the plant over and then his gaze settles back on Sherlock.
Ever since their father passed away, Mother had been unable to cope with it. She has been staying with her sister for the past year and a half to try and repair her mental state. She visits her sons from time to time and they go to see her when they can. Because of all this, it is up to Mycroft to look after Sherlock, make sure he is safe and cared for. Ensure his studies not suffering, nor his health and of course make sure he is happy.
John holds Sherlock's hand, hoping Sherlock doesn't tell Mycroft what happened.
“I’ll be careful. And back before you know it." He murmured against that wonderful mouth, sneaking another kiss and running his hands up through Fawnlock's curls one last time.
Mycroft just smiles and tries one last time, fruitlessly, "Don't you want to look your best for mummy?"
"Bye, John!" Sherlock hugs John tightly one last time before he takes Mycroft's hand.
Fawnlock was so adorable it was certain John's heart would swell so large it would burst. A cuddly ball of fur, with ever curious eyes. The next page was even more so, with the two brothers struggling against each other as only siblings could. Moosecroft /was/ a little chubby here, but then he was larger than Fawnlock in general. His colouring was gingerier than Fawnlock's dark browns, but there still was obvious similarities that said they were of the same family. John smiled, touching that squirming toddler that had grown into the fawn he loved.
He leans forward to examine the maze with a twinkle in his eyes, "Brilliant." John claps his hands once and leans back to admire their work. He smiles at Sherlock proudly.
"I know there is something between us. I can feel him...even when he isn't with me. There's like a tug when he leaves, and when he comes back I know he's near before he's stepped into the cottage. I don't know if that's a bond...but I know its love."
Greg smirks softly into the kiss, moving his hand to gently stroke through Mycroft's ginger hair.
The fawn hummed softly, cuddled up to his mate and enjoying the warmth radiating from John's fingers into his where they intertwined and up his arms and throughout his furred body. "A pendant close to your heart is a wonderful idea, John. I'll send an owl to Moosecroft tomorrow, he can start on your crest soon." The rumbling quieted slightly in his chest, the fawn's ears and tail twitching slightly as he sensed the sky darkening outside and the nearing if the witching hour starting to itch in his veins faintly.
"I don't want you to lose your home. Our home. I won't let that happen. Your brother would have to be blind to not see what we are to each other. It'll only make me more cross if he thinks we are hiding from him." He took a deep breath and looked at his mate, rubbing his soft cheeks.
i had to rewrite the end of this chapter as I lost the emails for this chapter after writing most of it, so i apologize if the writing style is a bit off.
Sherlock practically beams, squeezing John's fingers. He peers out the window at the view, unconsciously softly rubbing his thumb into John's hand.
After all the stress from earlier, it was a relief to see the fawn in much better spirits. Fawnlock was not shy about being affectionate in front of his brother, and John happily accepted the nuzzle with a smile.
Fawnlock set his tea on the floor, "Thank you, John. I'd like that, any bedding's fine, as long as it's soft and warm."
**EDIT**
John kissed Fawnlock’s forehead over and over again, murmuring his name softly between kisses. "I've got you Fawnlock...Always." The Fae was soothed by his mate's mumbling of his name, of his soft words making Fawnlock feel safe, and at home, like he'd been waiting for John through all the millennia of his ancient life.
John slicked the now wet curls back, smoothing them back off the fawn's forehead before he handed over the bottle of shampoo and slouched down against the back of the tub so if Fawnlock turned around he'd be able to wash John's hair.
"I'm fine. No, I'm not," Sherlock continues to rub his head until the pain lessens, "but I soaked my bum, great." He mostly says to himself. He quickly saves his satchel, tossing it gently onto the rocks before any of his samples can sustain any real damage. He sits up fully and glares at the seaweed that tripped him.
Fawnlock watched the human as usual and when it had settled down to eat, he settled into the thicken on the other riverbank, easily concealed and falling into deep thought. His ears twitched as he heard a familiar growl and the snapping of twigs, he broke through his thoughts to peer through the brush, easily spotting the warg ((from the hobbit, it's like a wolf pretty much, I just like the name :3)) crouched low in the shadows on the other riverbank, the Fawn's ears flattened, the riverdeer had been sparse this season, the wargs were crueler with hunger, and still not cooperating with him as he would have liked.
Finally, when Fawnlock was finished and tugged John to their nest, he couldn't help but chuckle at the demand, letting the fae lead him exactly where his was wanted, until they were tangled around each other once again. John managed to kick off his shoes at the edge of the nest before he was pulled down into the fawn's arms.
Mycroft is wearing a full three-piece suit - as usual, he has people to "impress" ((yes even at fourteen-years-old he has to. He is a Holmes after all)).  He smiles at John's mother after she opens the door to greet them.
"Looks like it’s time for you to go..." John frowns, still hugging to his best friend.
"Should we consider lunch for after? My dear Johnny tends to get hungry every few hours." Mrs. Watson asks Mycroft, still holding his arm.  She likes this boy, polite and gentlemanly - would be good for Harry to be friends with. Too bad she is a lesbian, good family to marry into... Still, maybe he could be a good influence on the fifteen-year-old rebel.
He hated to see Fawnlock upset in any sense of the word, and after the fae finally spoke, he stood up and walked around their nest, coming over to kneel down beside the love of his life. He reached out and took those dark hands in his own, rubbing the fawn's knuckles. Fawnlock snuggled close as John took his hands, knees brushing John's.
Fawnlock gave a soft chuckle as John nuzzled his furred cheek, the rumbling deepening and sounding more loudly.
"Hello John, Sherlock." He turns to Greg nervously, but keeps his cool, "hello, they aren't bothering you, are they?" He is being polite, knowing most teenagers do not like the small children.
John chuckled as he sorted through the cupboards and found the bread and beans, then went to the icebox to find some eggs and a nice ripe tomato for a proper fry up. Surely much heavier than the fawn was used to, but he needed the calories when he was on the mend.
Sherlock raises a brow at his brother, "Of course I do, John's my best friend." He smiles a small smile before turning to stare out the window.
Fawnlock bleated softly before he rolled his hips against John's once more, grinding down slowly, the friction feeling delicious to him.
"Are you and Sherlock okay by yourselves?"
"Though it seems with humans, your scent comes off strongest, here," Fawnlock inhaled, a smile curving his lips, before he continued, "and at your genitals. It's not as strong as at you neck, despite it being a major pulse point, but your wrists and ankles give of subtle waves of your scent as well, though not very strongly." He murmured softly, ears twitching.
Maybe he'd suggest staying here for the evening. John moved back and settled into the nest. He leaned back and just listened to Fawnlock's movements, reaching out through the bond and feeling little tendrils of his thoughts like feelings, rather than actual words. It was as if he wasn't thinking clear thoughts, which he supposed he wasn't when he was searching through his books.
With a chuckle, John set one hand in the fae's hair and ruffled his curls up, the damp locks already starting to kink up. His other arm wrapped around the fawn's shoulders, tracing over his spine and shoulder blades. The fawn gave a soft bleat at the gentle fingertips skimming over his furred back, and the hand ruffling his wild damp curls.
There were accompanying portraits with the brothers added as well, and separate drawings just like the ones of the family in the earlier pages. Fawnlock's ears dropped slightly, "This was the last set done before Da fell ill," he gently turned to the page with the whole family, tracing the forms of his mummy and Da.
“I’m sure he’s told you about the deal we’ve worked out regarding command structure. As second-in-command under Mycroft, I can give direct orders to anyone except you.”
“What do you mean she’s not there? She’s been under constant surveillance the entire time. How could she not be there?” Sherlock paced the room, subverting his anxiety into restless energy. There was no way to know how long his sister had been free, and he shuddered to think of the damage she’d cause.
the smart one.”
“I shall endeavor.” Mycroft tried to look sympathetic. “It must be rather difficult for him, being that
, I get it; you’ve got Sherlock, but Mycroft’s the most brilliant guy around, and he’s sexy as hell. If I’ve got the chance to share my life and my bed with the most incredible, beautiful mind I’ve ever met, that’s a chance I’m gonna take.”
“So, we’re sticking with
not judging. He’s real… imaginative.” Greg took a guess on quality based on the label and handed him a bottle of wine along with the water.
“Yeah”, said John, blushing slightly. “Good thing I kept some clothes here.”
“I’ve discovered a few points of interest. Whatever happened to set all this off apparently began on or around February first, which happens to fall on the ancient pagan holiday of Imbolic. I’ve also made some detailed observations about the properties of ghosts, identified several texts of magic which seem spurious at best and am currently running some tests of alchemical theory.”
, and she
. About
“Just once…” John muttered, heading into the bedroom and grabbing the list. He and Mary spent the next couple of hours sorting through resumes and arranging interviews.
“I love you too.” Greg patted his back reassuringly. “I’ll be fine.” He silently prayed he wasn’t lying.
“Why don’t we go in the bedroom and take some things off?”
John, call Mrs. Hudson up.” He reached out, lifting the necklace then letting it go, while Mary fussed at him to be careful.
“It’s funny that I’m the nervous one.” He glanced over at Sherlock, wondering if he was really as calm as he looked.
“You know,
after all this time?” Mrs. Hudson looked at the pair in astonishment. “Are you out now, then?”
“I’ve seen your carrot. You’re not my type.” Last night, he’d taken the form of a fly to spy on the residents of the house and much to his dismay, discovered Lucifer had beaten him in the race to see which one would bed Sherlock first. Now that it was no longer a game on one-upmanship with Lucifer, he’d lost interest.
“He’s going to be your cousin, but since he’ll be living with us when he’s not at school, it’s almost like being your brother.”
“You’ve had a rough day.” Mycroft could see the strain, etched into the furrows of his lover’s brow and the sadness reflected in his deep brown eyes. “Sit down and relax, and I’ll bring you a beer… or would you prefer a whisky?”
here, and this morning, it felt… okay, yes, I was embarrassed.”
“And Eurus… Is she in custody?”
ex, no matter what else, had
She wondered how Jim was enjoying the afterlife. A small smile curled at the corner of her mouth as she decided she’d ask him.
of all people.”
“And it’s in the
“Overall, no, but it does have its moments. So, was that all? You just popped round to ask my permission to date
“Yeah, I think… My wrist! It’s healed…”
: (16 April, mid evening)
“You are?” John looked at her in surprise. The last time they’d talked, she’d all but ordered him to find a nanny as soon as possible and then reminded him of the many social opportunities she was giving up. “Why?”
scared. I don’t get… scared.”
“And I know you feel the same about me. But you can say it, and I
“I’m rather looking forward to that myself.” Mycroft smiled shyly, trying to hold his stomach in as Greg pulled his underclothes off. It took a good deal of self-control not to run to the safety of hiding under the sheets as Greg led him to the bed.
thing, don’t you?”
“You wanted to see me, Sir?” Anthea stepped into his office, closing the door behind her.
“Is it… Are you alright with it; you and Fenris? It is more than physical, isn’t it?”
you change your mind about me movin’ in.” He opened various cabinets, then turned to Mycroft. “Where the hell is the spice cabinet?”
of that damage. He’s got
“I guess. I think he’s just putting up with me being here for Uncle Greg’s sake, but it’s kinda hard to tell. He’s kinda… he makes me nervous. It’s not like he’s been weird or anything; he’s just really formal and stuff. He’s loaded. You should see the house, though. It’s like a museum or something. I’m afraid to touch anything. Uncle Greg seems really happy though. I can tell they really love each other.” He wanted to tell Andy about the fairies, but he’d promised not to tell anyone, and besides… it was just too fantastic. Andy would probably think he was crazy.
“Yes, but I’ll expect you to join us in the shower.”
“Sorta. I’m still getting’ the hang of it.”
“Challenger. That’s the vampire’s name, isn’t it?” She studied the screen. “Professor George Edward Challenger… his ancestor?”
it is. And madness is
realm must be the one to destroy the Way.”
“Yeah, I’m a bit peckish myself.”
He quickly spread some oil on his cock, taking position on top of his lover and slowly pressing through the tight ring of muscle until his entire length was buried inside him. He leaned down, drawing him in for a kiss as John’s legs circled around him, seeking to drive him in deeper. Sherlock quickly found the right angle for this new position, and John cried out his name again as his lover’s cock slid across his prostate. John’s cock began to harden again as Sherlock caressed it, and he lunged his hips upward, thrusting into his hand as his lover thrust into him. He moaned in pleasure as Sherlock fucked him, babbling his name as waves of ecstasy overtook him.
“I’m right here, lover.” Greg stepped over, still amazed at John’s new healing ability. His leg wasn’t even sore.
…” he gestured around the room. “…is ridiculous. Why are we even doing this?”
“Andy told me. Tim gave him the address to send him some things, but I brought them with me instead. Get the box out of the taxi, will you? It’s a bit hard to manage, with my bag…” Peter Lestrade stepped carefully out of the taxi. He was still very healthy for his age, but he’d always hated train travel and he still felt a bit queasy. He looked searchingly at his youngest son, but except for a bit more silver in his hair, he didn’t look any different, despite the fact that he was now with a man.
“Sherlock!” The fairy’s voice was high-pitched, but clearly understandable.
people think I am anymore. It’s about what I think I am.” John sighed. “I just wish I understood
than lose your love. And because you’re under a Fae oath, iron will rust very quickly when you wear it, so you’ll need to replace it every couple of days.”
“I know. And you felt warm. It’s the only physical sensation I seem to be
of them a little interesting.”
“I literally don’t ever believe a single
“Yes. I think I feel much the same. There is a certain thrill for me as well in the idea of showing you off, as you put it. I’m
bloody doin’; Nat, I mean. Natalie Hamilton, my ex. We got in a fight when I found out she was cheating on me, and I kicked her and her stuff right out the door. It’s not like she’d nowhere to go, her Mum’s flat has a spare room. I told her she could take her arse over to Larry’s, and see if his
, I actually know how to treat someone who’s been traumatized. I love your brother, and more than that, I’m
changed, Mikey.”
“Good. So, things are alright with you two?”
“Yeah, I think you’re probably right. Besides, fairies like things more natural, so Mycroft’s tryin’ to make them happy.” He grinned, glad to see Tim smiling for the first time since he arrived. “Come on, let’s get your stuff outta the car. You can help me feed them in the mornin’, if you want.”
“Oh God, John… my love…” As John withdrew his fingers, reaching down to line his cock up with his lover’s entrance, Sherlock wrapped his legs across his shoulders. He let out a long, contented sigh as John’s cock pushed inside him.
, didn’t you?”
“No. It’s very complicated, but because I can do magic too, it’s best if I raise you instead of our parents. They don’t know much about that sort of thing.”
“Yes, Sir.” She sat quietly for a moment, letting his warning sink in. She was positive now that Mycroft Holmes was MI6, and probably a good deal higher in the agency than anyone knew. She decided she’d better change the subject.
“You humans, always so busy
“I thought you were an expert.”
“I concede your point. There is
“You’re telling me they can read minds?”
“Then you’ll help us?”
let himself feel it if he did. So
“I don’t know. The only word for it is… Nowhere. There’s no sense of time; no sense of anything but cold. Nowhere’s very cold. It’s really all I can tell you about it.”
“Bleh. I’ll have to skin it first. I don’t care for the taste of humans.”
. No way I’m lettin’ you do something like that without me. What about Thomas? He seems like he might be into that sorta thing.”
“STOP right there!” Sherlock thrust his hand out for emphasis. “The discussion of
good news.” Mycroft’s voice was dripping with sarcasm.
“Well, then you take this thing. Drivin’ me batty, all that noise.” As he handed the jar to Sherlock, a look of relief crossed Greg’s face as the ghost’s voice fell silent. “Let’s get outta here.”
Greg pulled out and pushed him down gently on the bed, careful to avoid the wet spot. They both moaned as he slid his cock between his cheeks, slowly sheathing his full length inside him. He fucked him lovingly, teasing him until his lover writhed beneath him, waves of pleasure crashing through him. Greg picked up the pace as Mycroft orgasmed, cumming moments later. Still inside him, he whispered into his ear, his voice low and raspy. “I love you, Mycroft.”
it…” He smiled slyly, leading his lover to the bed. “…but I can think of some rather good ways to show you.” He laid on the bed, pulling Greg down on top of him.
. Can you think of
… It’s not ugly, Sherlock; it’s
“Greg, I may not have another chance to say this…”
“He’s John’s fiancée.”
“What was that, Boss?” Donovan looked over at him curiously, wondering what he meant.
“John…” Hiding his fear, Sherlock glanced up at him, his moon-grey eyes filled with desire. “Tell me if I do this wrong…”, he murmured, then swallowed him entire.
“John…”, he murmured contentedly, nuzzling into his neck.
“Such as?”
“And?”
: (20 April, early morning)
“Why three days?”
“No, he’s a… wolf-dog. Look, Dad, you gotta quit makin’ assumptions about things.”
“Thank you. You’ve been very thorough.”
“My back garden is… infested with them.”
“Obviously”, Mycroft murmured.
“And you two decided this for
“Yeah. Anthea saved me just in the nick of time.” He glanced over at her as she waved, launching the nightmare back into the air, towards the Thames. She looked in dismay at the city below. She had her work cut out for her. It looked like there were hundreds of fires to put out.
“How much did you see?” The fact that he wasn’t blushing was a testament to his self-control. A particularly humiliating round of sex had preceded his actions, and it occurred to him that his brother’s rejection of sexual activities might have a lot more to do with his own actions than he realized.
“So, what do you think? Do you believe his story?” John shuddered slightly. “Personally, I see why Greg warned us about him. It’s a bit like being in a room with a tiger; no matter how tame it’s supposed to be, it’s still a tiger.”
should talk to Lucifer.”
Would it
“Mate?” What had been a butterfly an instant ago was now a small blue man with large butterfly wings. It had spoken in a high-pitched but discernable human voice, and John stared at it, trying to figure out whether he should be fascinated or terrified. It stood perched on Sherlock’s shoulder, peering back at him. “John.”
, sometimes with him. I think you probably understand what I mean.”
“When you get married, will Mycroft be my Dad too? Does he want me for a daughter?”
“Me neither, but it was definitely a pleasant surprise.”
“Argh. What do
“Then
“What
“My ex father-in-law threw a meat cleaver at me, first time I met him. Missed my nose by about an inch.”
“You were an assassin, Mary. Don’t be silly.”
this psychic business. What good is knowing if I don’t see?” He leaned back, staring at the ceiling in exasperation.
“Yeah.” Having already dealt with a vampire, Greg quickly regained his composure. “It’s good to see you again, Mary.”
“Just this once. Mycroft usually handles that kind of thing.”
, but what about customs and security?”
“He’s beautiful, Sherlock. Thanks for bringing him by.” When Sherlock had asked her to study the hive at Emily’s tree, she’d been nervous despite his assurance that they wouldn’t harm her. Seeing Steven reassured her, and she found herself now looking forward to her assignment. “He’s not at all like the ones Mycroft told us about. Did he get things sorted out with the hive in his backyard?”
“It’s a place where people donate blood for surgeries and stuff.”
part right, at least.” John grinned, confident that Sherlock had
“Perhaps she’s mellowing with age, though I suspect Father may have had something to do with her change in attitude.”
that. It’s who I am.”
“That’s good. Is Mary alright?” His eyes widened as John reached inside his jacket and pulled out a long, gleaming white feather, setting it on the bedside table. “How did you get that?”
“Never.” John bent low, nibbling at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, parting his legs so he could kneel between them as he slid down to nibble his inner thigh. John reached under his lover, delighted to see his cock was already hard.
“Not. A. Word.” John glared defiantly, his arms crossed over his chest. Sherlock sighed softly as the group headed up in the lift.
“I’ve never been told that before, though I’ve been called one on several occasions…” Feeling very self-conscious, he removed his trousers and tried to hang them neatly, a task made more difficult yet somehow more pleasant by Greg nibbling on his neck.
be the
“Yeah. Greg and I were just having a chat about… about me and Sherlock. He told me I should pull my head out of my arse.” He chuckled ruefully and glanced at Greg. “She knows about us, by the way.”
“Yes.” She smiled as Lucifer’s great white wings appeared. She reached out and touched the feathers, then took his hand. “Those are so soft and pretty. Can I have wings like that?”
“I could ask you the same.”
Fenris was almost quivering with delight as he looked at the large shadowed forest surrounding the estate. As fun as running through the city’s streets and parks was, this was much better.
“Not yet, you’re not.” He leered wolfishly. “But you’re about to be.”
“Mm, how to say it in your tongue… buggery? Is that the word? Letting another man mount you. Odin’s little tribe was quite unpleasant about that sort of thing, but I’m my father’s son as far as that goes. Not that I don’t like females, but I’m not trying to breed a pack of pups…”
“Look here, Mycroft! I’m a father now, and I’ve got responsibilities. Blogging about your brother doesn’t exactly pay my bills. It’s past midnight, and I’ve got a full day at the clinic tomorrow. And you can’t just kidnap my baby daughter along with me! It’s just not done. Even
: (25 April, late afternoon)
“I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you.” He cut the connection and sighed.
“Sherlock!”
“Yeah. She’s great. She’s really sweet and very pretty, and I think she likes me even though she knows what I am. I asked her if she’d like to go out, and she said yes, but… uh… I’m not sure if anything’ll come of it. It might be best if I didn’t.”
what kind of man Greg was, and that helped him be able to trust. Mycroft had never imagined that in surrendering his body and his trust to him, he would free his own soul.
confirmation that you’re really there.”
“No, it’s just hard to imagine. He’s just so…” He paused, sensing that the wrong choice of word might lead to something much worse than losing a potential job. “…terrifying.”
“John!” Sherlock snatched the files from his hands and set them aside. He leaned forward until his face was just inches from John’s. John could hear his own heartbeat, rolling like thunder in his ears. Sherlock’s eyes bored into his, wide black pools surrounded by discs of silver, impossible to look away from. “John”, Sherlock said softly. “What are my pupils?”
“I imagine not. Still, it’s the truth.”
. There’s a difference.” Bill returned to the kitchen, grumbling as he went. “At least it’s not
“So this to protect me from fairies?”
offer you the carrot instead of the stick.”
: (21 April, afternoon)
“Sherlock, you and John cover the front. Thomas, you take the back, and Mycroft and me will follow Fenris.”
“Yes, if you use magic. But that’s a spell for another day. Body manipulation is dangerous if you don’t know how to use it. Today we’re going to do simple things. You need to learn the simple spells so you can understand the harder ones.” The pair disappeared as they walked from the room.
“It just means we get to dirty them up again in the morning.” Greg grinned at his lover and leaned over, stealing a kiss. “But he’s got a point. Whoever does the laundry around here probably deserves a raise.”
“He really is the Devil, John. There’s always a price to pay, when one deals with Him. Can we just go lie down together? I… I need you.”
“Yes…” John was glaring at him angrily. “Not good?”
: (23 April, late evening)
“I’ll take the one at Whitehall, then. It’s likely the Palace has been evacuated through the underground tunnel system.” Mycroft’s face looked grim as he patted the pouch that hung by his side. He was glad he’d invested in a number of large diamonds. He just hoped he lived long enough to use them.
“I’m just glad to finally have some useful ability. I
“Mycroft… that’s
“Everything. I used ta think I was th’ dumbest smart person around ‘til I met you.”
“I’m a bit proud of myself, really. It feels good, you know; being so comfortable with who I am. It all seems silly now. I guess you thought I was a real idiot.”
“Think! This took
. One day,
, though. Maybe, you know, a bit when I was younger, sure, but I don’t have a problem with gay people. My sister’s gay.”
“I… yes. I suppose we do. Maybe some things are best left unsaid.”
“Oh.” John snickered as he removed his trousers and pants. “
than you, I might be a bit… hurt, because it hasn’t been that long since I died, but I love you
. I know it’s not my place to judge; live and let live, I say, but… Mycroft? I just don’t understand that.”
“Not much. He’s offered to deal with him if he becomes a problem, but you can guess what he wants in return.”
“You’ve given me all the things I’ve never dared to let myself dream of.” He stood, turning Greg in his arms and pressing his body close. “Love, a family of my own… I only lived before you came along. You taught me what it’s like to really be
, making up fairy names.”
“He’s
. Theodore’s tree is the lab.”
to be kidding. Lighting? Really?” Loki shook his head, chuckling at the irony. “You remind me of someone…”
“Yes, he mentioned something about that. I take it magic trumps modern contraceptives?”
good news. I’m sure the toad’s relieved as well.” Somewhere in the midst of things, John had begun to wonder if they hadn’t gone insane after all. Maybe it was all the incense. He ripped off the sheet and tossed it in a chair. “Hogwarts”, he chuckled. “We
“You do know there’s nothing you can’t say in front of Greg.”
“Yes. Family can be very trying.” He sighed, thinking that very trying was a vast understatement. “I anticipate that having both sons come out to them at once isn’t going to go well.”
“I know how that feels, the sleeping alone thing. I’m moving back in with Sherlock.”
“You’ve been hugging Molly.” Sherlock greeted him with a kiss and a sniff as he came in the door. John sighed. It had been a long day, and Sherlock had that slightly manic look he got when he was on the trail of a case.
idea?”
“You really have changed, Mycroft.”
scarier than dating Mycroft?”
“I see. What does being his emissary entail?”
He’d just settled Rosie in his old room when the doorbell rang. Leaving Mary to watch over her, he opened the door to see Bill Wiggins with an armload of packages.
“He’s seeing Greg.” Mrs. Hudson stared at him blankly. “Greg Lestrade.”
“So, by the look on your face, I gather that you’ve heard”, said Greg drily, setting down his plate. “About me and Mycroft.”
“Oh, Greg… yesss…”, he moaned. Waves of bliss traveled through his body as he writhed on the sheets, overwhelmed by pure, carnal pleasure. Greg kept it up for long, delicious minutes, until his own cock ached with need. When Mycroft was ready, arching into his touch and begging, he pulled his fingers out, kissing his way up his lover’s body. He pressed his cock against  Mycroft’s, leaning down to whisper in his ear.
“Wings?” John looked up from his notebook in astonishment. “I’d think something like that would draw a lot of attention.”
“Yes, he’s talking with Fenris. Greg and John are coming as well,” he added, somewhat unnecessarily.
“Don’t.” Sherlock grinned again and snuggled a little closer to John. “And give yourself a good tip.
“There was a fire where you used to live. We’ll fix this one up for you, however you like.” Mycroft opened the closet, which contained a few hastily acquired pieces of appropriate clothing. “Why don’t you get dressed, and we’ll all go for a walk in the garden, and then we’ll get you some breakfast.”
“I bet
got to do with it?”
“Good. Now that’s settled… What has Greg told you about magic?”
John woke, alone in a strange bed and unsure for a moment where he was. Then everything came rushing back in an instant; the attack on London, the confrontation with Eurus and Moriarty, Loki saving him when he’d been thrown from the roof, the powers he’d been given and the pain it had caused, healing Greg’s broken leg… the last thing he clearly remembered was passing out at headquarters. He looked around, eventually guessing from the furnishings that he must be at Mycroft’s.
of them are gay. You don’t even know them.”
how much you turn me on. I
“That’s your way of saying you believe in me, is it?”
…”, Greg growled, eyes glittering with love and lust. He embraced the intoxicating mix of pain and pleasure as Mycroft sheathed his long, thick cock deep inside him. It’d been a long time since he’d had a lover that was so well-endowed, and he realized how much he’d missed the sensation. Mycroft began to fuck him, gently at first, then harder as his lover urged him on. Greg liked it hard and rough, and his hands dug into the sheets. He groaned with pleasure as his lover’s flesh pounded into his body.
“Delirium is fairy friend.”
“Problem?” Mycroft swallowed a sigh. Keeping his expression bland was becoming an effort. “Can’t I just be… interested in how you’re getting on? I do
enjoying this, aren’t you?”
me. I mean you’re
: (25 April, late afternoon)
“Sherlock, I’m ravished.” John laughed, giving a half-hearted protest. His lover had way-laid him on his way down to the kitchen, wrapped his arms around him, and dragged him back into the bedroom.
to see what was so obviously there and failing. Aside from the first paragraph, which contained all the emotional depth of a police blotter, each and every attempt had been discarded because they’d seemed too… gay. Keen observations had somehow morphed into phrases more suited to romance novels, and very gay ones at that. As a writer, he had to admit what he’d written had an obvious… homoerotic tone. He spent the next ten minutes convincing himself not to panic.
“Yeah, you did, you definitely did.” Lestrade now shifted his attention to Sherlock, giving him an appraising look, and, much to Sherlock’s dismay, he suddenly knew exactly what Lestrade was going to say next before he even next spoke. “But you also said it was his Gift. But then if it’s his Gift, how come –”
– but Sherlock despised the word so thoroughly that he couldn’t even bear thinking it. Certainly it wasn’t some mumbo-jumbo that made him do what he did; no, it had to be logic, some sort of information that had been subconsciously ingrained in his brain and brought him to the inescapable conclusion that he would be better off with John Watson in his life. What that supposed information was, however, Sherlock had yet to figure out.
“Problem?”
“Just one look? And you’ll go tell your brother that he can do what he wants when I do?”
As soon as Dimmock’s steps faded away, Sherlock jumped up from his couch, smiling with the kind of delight that most people would associate with children opening Christmas presents. “Yes! Brilliant!” He strode out briefly to the landing, still smiling, and returned shortly with a blue cashmere scarf that he now began to arrange about his neck. “A case, John! Come on!”
Before anyone else could react, John quickly stepped forward, calling on his shield as he did so, throwing up a superheated one that caused the bullet to disintegrate halfway and disappeared as soon as the threat was past. Without breaking stride, he drew on his silver orb, pulling an extra thread of power to make it dazzle-bright as he split it into a dozen and bade them surround the suspect, hoping he would be sufficiently cowed by the display and give himself up.
“Don’t mention it, Captain,” the other man said dismissively as the doors opened again and a different manservant appeared, this time bearing a tray with glasses, an ice bucket, and a bottle of whiskey. “I am the one who is in your debt, and seeing to your comfort during your convalescence was the least I could have done. I am only thankful that we had the foresight to put you in charge of that night’s security.” He paused as the tray and its contents were silently deposited on a console. “Would you care for a glass?”
“A Gift for observing. I’ve never heard of that, and I’ve met a lot of people with … er, exotic Gifts in my time.” John shook his head. “Amazing.”
making a go of a normal life? Greg, Louise left you precisely because you were so buried in your work at the Yard, remember?” John shook his head.
“—obvious, yeah, I know. To you.” John interjected with another smile. “But we don’t all have your Gift. We can’t see what you do. So people get upset.”
Closing his eyes briefly, John grit his teeth. “That’s none of your business. I can’t believe you would stoop to such a low blow.”
“Ah,” Sherlock said briskly, pulling out his scarf from somewhere inside the pockets of his coat and winding it about his neck, busying himself with tying it just so. “Yes. My Gift. Technically. But Gifts such as mine do not fabricate what it sees and assimilates. It helps me make sense of the evidence, but I have to have the evidence in the first place.”
He closed his eyes, attempting to enter his Mind Palace in search of a suitable means of entertainment – surely there was something there that could calm him down? – but it did him no good; without the sounds of John pottering about the flat, everything seemed to be even more unbearably … quiet and boring. If anything, this served to incense Sherlock even further; since when, after all, did he need for someone to be making little tea-sipping or toast-making or paper-turning noises for him to be able to
The fact of the matter was, Sherlock could watch John Watson do just about anything – sleeping, eating, typing (even if his two-fingered technique often drove Sherlock crazy), making tea – anything at all, and Sherlock would, and could, watch with the same level of interest and intrigue as, say, finding out how paint reacts when combined with fatty tissue and hydrochloric acid. Or maybe calcium hypochlorite with brake fluid. Not that watching John was explosive, but still.
“Then I don’t understand.”
for) nothing but a thank-you-you’re-welcome chat, perhaps a drink – both of which he got for a protracted duration, true enough – but apparently on top of that he was going to be given classified information by a man who obviously had a bigger agenda than he had initially thought.
… and then his world was subsumed in white fire and a flare of endless agony.
Sherlock’s brows rose. Tracking wasn’t easy to avoid if one’s Gift did not naturally allow for it, necessitating shielders or perhaps even obfuscators round the clock. Added to the apparent futility of the search despite the length of time in which it had been done boiled down to one thing: this authority – if he was even that – was higher on the ranks than the government had suspected if the group behind these threats were so willing to protect him, so closely and for so long. “How did you even manage to bring him into custody in the first place?”
John had already turned away, fully intending to walk out of the library, when Mycroft spoke again. “You didn’t even look at the folder,
“Mycroft Holmes. Your older brother,” John echoed.
Watson?” A deep voice came from the doorway, and John didn’t even have to fake the look of surprise that came to his face when he turned around to see Sherlock there. “Mrs. Hudson, I thought you said you’d keep this one free for my experiments?”
John felt Sherlock’s hand clamp around his upper arm; he looked up, and as soon as their eyes met again John’s shield wavered and disappeared promptly. “Not a threat,” Sherlock murmured, shaking his head once. “Detective Inspector Dimmock.”
Sherlock considered his brother’s words for a moment, then shrugged. “I don’t see how this concerns me. From what you said, this authority of yours has said nothing else in relation to me aside from the supposed increased interest in my – what did you call it? – civic mindedness. Interest does not necessarily mean I would be targeted next, Mycroft.”
, they’d say the same thing.”
Many, many thanks to those who continue to follow this story -- your kudos(es) and comments mean the world to me, and keeps me going! Cheers!
With a nod and a sigh, John let the conversation go
Thank you so much to those who have taken the time to read, bookmark, and comment on my work -- you guys have given me such a boost and such inspiration to keep this story going! Going forward, I shall try my level best to publish a chapter a week so I don't keep anyone waiting. Fingers crossed and wish me luck!
... and so the adventure begins ...
John nodded and raised his glass as well even as he wondered, if absently, how this man knew that he always took whiskey with precisely two cubes of ice. “Thank you, Mr. Holmes. And to yours, as well.”
“They did tell me it was all from Mycroft Holmes. Strange, I’d never have pegged him to be the thankful type. None of those bureaucrats usually are.” John pursed his lips in thought for a moment, then shook his head, deciding to table his doubts for another day. “Anyhow, that’s not important. Have you got any intel on the assassin? How’d he manage to slip through the outside perimeter?”
“Those are for amateurs, John. You’re forgetting that these people are very, very good at what they do.” Mycroft shook his head. “As I said a while ago – that night, when you saved all our lives – that is an example. Lord and Lady Lexington, as you probably know, are cousins of the Queen, thrice removed. When Hughes appeared, he told us that it was the royal family link that merited their – and of course, consequently, our – deaths. I recall Lady Lexington telling him that they weren’t that close to the royalty, but he seemed indifferent to the distinction.”
John shrugged. “I’m getting too old for all that. I did survive, but I also had to stay in hospital for almost two weeks. Not something I want to do again.”
The young man wrung his hands in supplication, looking around at the surprised crowd. “Help, someone, please –”
“Will do,” John said quickly, moving towards the door. “Thanks for the tour. I’ll let you know what I decide within the day, I promise.”
The servant ushered John into a long corridor, flanked by rows upon rows of portraits, every one of their occupants looking grim and uncomfortable. It made John shiver inwardly: he had never been a fan of old paintings, and often – in a fit of fancy – thought they were drawn specifically to make one feel like a pair of eyes were on them, for all of eternity.
For some reason, the smile simply became wider. “Indeed.” The government official sat back, now looking inexplicably pleased. “Well, then. If you are not going to ask the questions I know are in your head, I might as well tell you the answers.” He tapped a finger to his chin. “As I am sure you’ve noticed, Captain, Hughes has been under heavy surveillance these past few months. That he is part of a bigger conspiracy is almost certain; he has had too much success in what he does to convince me otherwise. The – ah – incident that night was the perfect example.”
Lestrade guffawed loudly. “Oh my God, this is precious. You got the missus worried, Cap! Told you to text him!”
Lestrade sighed, his shoulders drooping in defeat as he nodded miserably. “Yeah. Like genius over there said.” He grabbed his pint where it stood on the bar counter and took a quick sip. “Took a leaf out of your book, Cap. Figured I should maybe make a go of a normal life, so when Dimmock gave me a call a few days ago to ask if I was willing to come back to the Yard –”
John frowned. “You were
An explosion.
“So this is what you do, huh? You help the Yard with cases?”
His mystery man … was Mycroft Holmes’ brother.
that he is a very smart man, and he has any number of connections everywhere that not even I can keep track of at times despite my best efforts, some of whom can protect him if need be. This threat, however … I fear that this threat is well beyond him, or anyone else he currently knows.”
“Yeah. Your Gift for observation, wasn’t it?” John frowned. “Although I thought the way Gifts worked was that you could pretty much pull something out of nothing. It
“And knowing my brother, he most likely gave you a job. Something to do with monitoring me, and the pay would have been stupendously large to get you to agree. Mycroft thinks money solves
“Holy mother –” Lestrade muttered as he came up to stand beside Sherlock. “Captain, I think she’s –”
or – God forbid –
“Yes, I’d rather gathered that,” John replied drily.
John whirled around, his spear now shrinking into a silver dagger, and when his eyes finally found the lone figure of Sherlock at the dining table he let out a breath of relief that he hadn’t realised he was holding. Sherlock didn’t seem hurt; in fact, he was holding a large blowtorch in one hand and a block of some black substance in the other, while a large, charred bowl emitted a few sparks and quite a lot of smoke.
“Well – yes. Lestrade – that is, our tracker – showed it to me just over a week ago, while I was still in hospital.”
“An Army doctor,” Sherlock said slowly, flicking a quick glance at Mrs. Hudson, then returning his full attention to John. “Are you any good?”
“Ah – yes, that would be fine.”
His mysterious stranger had disappeared.
John chuckled. “After I dressed up in a tux for them? No way.” He turned back in time to see the tell-tale silver lights of Gifts now being called to use, some stronger than others. “Alright then, boys. Watch the grounds. Looks like the wheeling and dealing has begun.”
“But if it leads me to murder someone, I’m sure you’d be perfectly fine with it.”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice cut through his thoughts, startling him. “Are you alright?”
. How bad could a combination of those things be? “I – no. No, it wouldn’t bother me at all.”
John turned back around to face Mycroft, who – to his surprise – had apparently stood up as well and had followed him, the thick folder now in his right hand and his left holding the umbrella such that it was behind his back, its silver tip winking briefly. Mycroft waggled the folder lightly at him. “Please?”
“But I don’t understand. When you sat down beside me … why didn’t you just say so?”
For anyone who might still be following this little tale, I apologize for how long this chapter took. I hope its length helps to make up for my lateness!
“Oh, come now, Sherlock. Don’t be a child. You need –”
“You actually
Such as this one.
to avoid this.”
At that, John turned towards the gates and flipped the perched night-vision cameras the double bird, knowing that Greg and the rest of the government security detail on duty were watching. True enough, he heard Greg guffaw loudly, the sound coming over scratchy and distorted over the wires.
he thought. “Yes. Yes, absolutely.”
“Dinner was called. There would have been mingling and
“No,” Mycroft said. “His Gift and mine are different, but not at odds. They might be even called complementary, but that is wishful thinking – my brother has not willingly worked with me or my Gift for as long as I care to remember.”
more than he had bargained for when he stepped into the library. “You want me to pretend to need a flat, share in the rent, practice medicine – which, by the way, I haven’t done in
employed,” John said, raising a finger to emphasise the point. “I quit.”
His mystery man.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock listened to the door open and close as John took his leave. He gritted his teeth in futile frustration, feeling restless in his own skin, buzzing with energy that had nowhere to go, feeling akin to a rocket trapped on a launchpad, about to explode. If there was anything he hated more than not having cases, it was having to wait, and whenever he tried to exercise anything akin to patience, he often ended up almost short circuiting. His mind rebelled against stagnation, and waiting was simply stagnation mixed with hopeless anticipation, which made it even worse.
Second: to all those who have been faithfully reading and commenting -- you guys are the absolute best. You are the kind of people who keep those of us who write going! Thank you, and I hope you like this newest installment!
“It’s alright, sweetheart, we’re going to help …” John said placatingly, and Sherlock saw that, in the interim, John had managed to step near enough for the girl to actually be within arm’s reach. Sherlock felt a cold tingle at the back of his neck and felt something push him slightly backward; a quick look told him that John had actually brought out a gossamer thread of his power and was now using it to simultaneously create a wider berth for him and the girl while at the same time pulling her slowly towards him.
Sherlock sighed. He was back to square one. Again.
With a curt nod and a last, fleeting glance at John, Dimmock left.
Sherlock paced around the room as John watched him with a mix of bemusement and exasperation. “You can’t keep bugging Dimmock for cases, Sherlock. The man can’t produce cases out of thin air just to amuse you.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
at least five highly lucrative offers for private employ, no doubt coming on the heels of his heroic rescue of Lord and Lady Lexington, and of course of Sherlock’s very own brother.
“Hang on,” John finally managed, frowning and holding a finger up in a commanding gesture. Despite himself, Sherlock fell quiet; John very rarely trotted out his ‘Captain Watson’ voice, and, like every instance in which he would use his Gift, the change that came over John was nothing short of remarkable and, in Sherlock’s opinion, always worth witnessing. “Greg, you hadn’t told me this. You’ve left the service as well?”
As soon as John mentioned Sherlock’s name, however, the girl stiffened. “Sherlock,” she breathed, ceasing her struggles completely and whirling around despite John’s efforts. “Sherlock Holmes. You.
“Deductions,” John supplied, breaking into such a proud grin that Sherlock could not help but preen, just a little. “I told you.”
to be something John wasn’t telling him, the real reason why he was at Baker Street. That he was here at all did not follow any logic.
“A fact that I try daily to forget.”
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Hudson. I’m not expecting it to be all snug at this point. I just really wanted to see if it had potential.” He glanced towards the stairs, feigning surprise. “I didn’t know you had an upstairs apartment as well?”
“Alright, Captain, hang on. Second floor, west wing, window side: Lady and Lord Lexington. Mycroft Holmes.” A beat. “Can’t seem to track the fourth. Bloody hell.” Greg cursed even more colourfully under his breath. “Careful on the entrance, Captain. Door opens outwards. I’m sending others in, too.”
“I would if I could. My parents are not a problem; they have accepted the dangers of my profession, but my younger brother refuses all kinds of surveillance, and has staunchly declared that he is going to remain at his own flat even if it killed him. And I worry that it would. Constantly.”
,” Mycroft said, enunciating the words with deliberate emphasis. “So far, they have not made demands even as they have killed a considerable number, but I am certain that it is just a matter of time before they have someone in their hands that would break us –”
“Ah. So as per usual, the concern is not about the family member himself, but whether he would become an effective bargaining chip,” Sherlock said coolly, feeling the now-familiar sting of disappointment that he had come to associate with his older brother over the years and shoving it away with practised ease. “I thought I had made my opinion on this very clear, Mycroft – this is your problem, not mine. I can take care of myself.”
John looked up from the folder he had just been handed without opening it, tapped it absently on his thigh. “Alright … so you are telling me that this network … has the British government worried?”
Mycroft’s expression did not change, registering no surprise at Sherlock’s insight. “Two weeks.”
“Stupid gits. Just what we need right now … more occasions for them to all get together and be shot at like bloody fish in a barrel.” John rubbed the bridge of his nose with a thumb and forefinger. “Can’t they just … I don’t know, courier me the medal or something? At least until we’ve got confirmation that this is an isolated case and no one’s going to try again?”
John opened his mouth, then closed it again, feeling like a landed fish. Who
.” John pursed his lips. “But I also know why certain bits of information are withheld from certain people such as myself. My clearance is limited to a need-to-know basis, and as I’ve already said, I completely understand the reasoning behind that.”
“Y-yes,” John managed, feeling oddly dazed. Sherlock was about an arm’s length away from him now, and he was coming closer, still closer …
John felt himself blushing. “No, no, it’s not at all what you think. We met a few nights ago, there was a party –”
Sherlock had a moment of internal debate – he could still leave, after all, and John would be none the wiser. The thought of nothing else to occupy him but his brain and boredom in Baker Street, however, steeled his resolve; here, at least, he could amuse himself by deducing every idiot around him, and if he was lucky, perhaps someone would even commit a spectacular crime and give him the opportunity to test his hypothesis with regards to John.
John froze. “What … what did you just say?”
good.”
introduce yourself to me the other night, you know. Just … pulled a disappearing act.”
“Why? What do other people normally say?”
from the British Security Forces, as he had said he did – a move that was practically unheard of – he had also actively
John could only stare as Sherlock let go of him and walked away, crossing the sitting room to flop gracefully on the leather chair, but even with the outwardly relaxed posture Sherlock’s gaze remained sharp and focused on the stair landing. Within a few seconds, the so-named detective made his appearance at their doorway, red-faced and panting after having run up the stairs. As soon as he stepped into the room, however, he halted in his tracks, frowning at John in surprised recognition, then at Sherlock, then back at John.
Somewhat baffled, John exhaled a laugh and nodded his head. “Yeah,” he said. “Alright. That sounds—yeah.”
John saw exactly what she meant but, again, chose to ignore her. He gave a twitch of his lips and continued to tap against the arm of the chair.
“Well, he won’t be your assistant!”
“And finally, at the top of the building on your right.”
Mrs. Hudson, the poor woman, had gasped at his outburst and turned back to him shock.
“But you’re the more sitting down type,” she continued, turning toward the kitchen. “I can tell. I’ll get you that cuppa and you rest your leg.”
picture was a small caption:
going on!”
Once he made it up the stairs, John found Sherlock waiting patiently for him by the door to the flat. John nodded appreciatively and Sherlock opened the door for them both, and John watched as he stepped proudly into the centre of the room.
“Of the message?”
“My deodorant?” Anderson took a step toward Sherlock and crossed his arms, his glare never once wavering.
Sherlock stopped, realisation dawning on his face, and John for the life of him couldn’t understand what it could be.
“No.” She smiled at him again in the same way that John suspected she would at a small child. Or a dog.
Molly’s smile faltered. “Okay,” she said, her voice small and defeated, before scuttling back toward the door.
He knew that his response wasn’t going to do anything; it would take more than that to get Harry off of his back. John wished quite frequently that he was an only child, and Harry, as the years went on, had only fuelled this desire, uncouth as it might be. Harry had to know that John had never looked at Clara like that, that he wasn’t jealous of Harry for having Clara. It was far more complicated than that, and sometimes John wished that it was as simple as quietly pining for his sister-in-law. Ex sister-in-law, now. Clara was lovely and kind and witty, and deserved so much more than Harry could give her, even Harry knew that.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade interrupted. “Two minutes, I said. I need anything you’ve got.”
The woman looked up from her phone and smiled brightly at him “Hi,” she said, and turned back to her phone.
“Got anything?” Lestrade asked.
Of course, this only drew John in further.
Well, it was too late to back out now. John dragged his bad leg into a kneeling position and saw Lestrade reenter the room as he leaned in to closer examine the body. First: cause of death. Swallowing and trying not to think about the number of times he had done this in Afghanistan, John put his head close to hers, sniffed, and pulled away, then examining the skin on her right hand before looking again across to Sherlock.
with. Who knew, though? Maybe mentioning riding crops in casual conversation wasn’t as suggestive as he thought it was.
A black car pulled up at the kerbside by the telephone box. It was clean and sleek and expensive and obviously well looked after. John’s grip on the phone loosened as the driver got out and opened the door to the back seat.
“Yes.” John staggered to his feet as Sherlock walked toward him.
“Thanks,” John smiled curtly, ducking under the tape. He was about to walk away when Donovan spoke again.
For a brief second, John’s heart leapt wildly in his chest and he momentarily hoped that Sherlock would ask him to fill that position; the near promise of being useful again – of
“I’m not implying
Lestrade leaned over the railing. “What is it,” he asked. “What?”
“In fact, you an Army doctor.”
“You still at Bart’s, then?” he asked.
Sherlock’s head whipped around to look at him, and he stared at John so intently that he wondered if he’d said something wrong. For the first time since they’d met, Sherlock Holmes appeared to be struck dumb.
“Aren’t you going to put one on?” John asked, noting Sherlock’s lack of coverall.
hoping you’d go deeper.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” he said, not taking his eyes away from the phone.
Sherlock, clearly embarrassed, stepped across the room and began to shuffle his things around, trying to minimise some of the mess. “Well, um,” he said, throwing some folders into a box, “obviously I can, uh, straighten things up a bit,”
John frowned. “Yes.”
Sherlock looked up at him. “Say that again.”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.” The man stopped typing to look at John inquisitively. “Will that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
Harry Watson
“Are you sure?” John asked, gripping the handle of his cane and standing, minding his bad leg. “I mean, well—you know, I don’t really exactly get on with people very well anymore. Not since—”
“Her wedding ring,” Sherlock interrupted, pointing down to the woman’s left hand. John saw the wedding ring, and it looked completely unremarkable, exactly like every other wedding ring he’d seen his entire life. “Ten years old at least,” Sherlock stated. “The rest of her jewelery has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring. State of her marriage right there. The inside of the ring is shinier than the outside — that means it’s regularly removed; the only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. It’s not for work. Look at her nails! She doesn’t work with her hands, so what, or rather who,
“He’s with me,” Sherlock answered, curtly.
The war was like an echo. Reverberating off of stone walls into empty rooms, the war was loudest at night when his mind was settled, allowing it to be heard after being drowned into near nonexistence by the oppressive chaos of London during the day. But, try as London might to stamp out the echo of the war—and with it, memories of pain, bloodshed, and death—it always somehow resurfaced, wet and bedraggled but alive all the same. It was like a parasite that couldn’t be killed, feeding after nightfall off of the fallibilities of the human mind in its most vulnerable state. It whispered and hissed, reminding any creature who would listen that it was there, that it would always be there, like a succubus.
Stamford smiled and nodded. “You have no idea.”
“There’s always
“Uh, here,” John said, reaching into his own pocket without a second thought. “Use mine.”
. He looked over to Sherlock again, expecting him to confirm to Mrs. Hudson that they weren’t involved in that way, but Sherlock simply continued his awkward mission to tidy up. John wondered for a moment if Sherlock actually knew what was being insinuated.
“Oh,” he said, somewhat surprised. “Thank you.” He glanced over to Stamford before looking back to John, who held out his phone in offering.
’,” Sherlock dramatized quirkily, as if he were speaking to a child.
John turned to see the round face of a man who had been sitting at a nearby bench. He stared blankly for a moment as the man approached him—a man who, upon closer inspection, he recognised.
“Friend of mine,” Stamford replied. “Well, sort of. He should still be at Bart’s now, if you wanted to meet him.”
Sherlock grimaced. “Anderson won’t work with me.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled and waved it off. “I understand, dear,” she said. “I’ve got a hip.”
“How do you feel about the violin?” the man asked.
Not knowing how to reply, John said nothing.
“Do you really think so?” he asked, after a long stretch of silence.
“Do you see the camera, Doctor Watson?”
It didn’t occur to John that this was the most he’d ever considered posting on his blog. But he kept writing, as if writing this post was going to somehow make sense of everything that had transpired.
John downed the rest of his coffee and brought his fingers to his temples. He re-read his post from the night before and grimaced, knowing that it sounded more like something found in a purple diary under a pillow than on the public blog of a retired soldier.
“Which was it—Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John glanced at Sherlock, who had is back to them, and then back to Mrs. Hudson. “Well, of course we’ll be needing two…”
John turned to see Sherlock thanking a cab driver, wearing a different suit but the same coat as he had been the day before.
John looked around uncomfortably, noticing that they were at the receiving end of quite a few dirty looks from the officers surrounding the scene.
Stamford smiled broadly and straightened his coat, and John silently hoped that this wasn’t going to be an encounter that he would live to regret. Catching up with old acquaintances hadn’t exactly gone smoothly ever since he got back to London; the only person that John had wanted to see was Bill Murray, the doctor who had saved his life in Afghanistan, but even he was now happily married, unintentionally and unknowingly mocking John’s emotional isolation with every mention of his new wife. As John had soon found out, no-one wanted an emotionally starved Army doctor with a limp for a romantic partner, and he didn’t want to force that onto anyone in turn, so he was alone.
“How d’you know she had a suitcase?”
an assistant!” Sherlock protested.
His head somewhat clearer, John closed his laptop and placed it back in the drawer, ready to prepare himself a cup of tea before bed. John closed the drawer, and didn’t give his gun a second glance.
This had apparently sparked Sherlock’s interest, and John watched as the excitement danced on the corners of his mouth and his eyes.
“Yes, of course,” John said quietly. “Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
John stared at him. “Sorry?”
John nodded and his cane was a deadweight in his hand. He gazed up the stairs after Sherlock, who had bounded up them to the first floor landing. With a clenched jaw, John followed him up the best he could, willing his leg to be kind to him today.
Molly timidly handed over a mug of coffee and the man gave a quick smile before immediately frowning at her.
wearing it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He was cut off by Sherlock, who had walked briskly over towards the door and closed it in Anderson’s face, not glancing up from his phone.
“How did you know about Afghanistan?” John asked, intrigued. The man wrapped a thin scarf around his neck and continued to gather his things.
“Sherlock,” Stamford clarified. “Tomorrow. Are you going to see him? At Baker Street.”
“Of course she’s not,” Sherlock replied, not offering anything else on the subject. “She
John Watson
“Sherlock?” John called down to him.
“No problem,” Stamford said, taking a sip of his own. “Be careful, it’s a little hot.”
“Is that what?” The man turned back to him, hands in his pockets, one brow raised challengingly.
Instead, Stamford’s eyebrows furrowed in thought and he began to chuckle. John looked at him in question. “What?”
it was,” John gaped. “It was extraordinary; it was
Lost for words, John racked his mind for something to say. “You said I had a therapist,” he managed.
“What’s your name, then?”
Sherlock sniffed the air again and didn’t look Anderson in the face. “Ooh, and I think it just vaporised,” he said, glancing over to John. “May I go in?”
Later that afternoon, after John returned to his bedsit with the groceries, he fished his phone out of his pocket and sat down on his bed. He couldn’t help but be curious, so he checked his sent messages to read what Sherlock had been texting. He had hoped that it would provide some explanation to his character, but all it did was confuse him even more.
“That’s fantastic!” John gaped, stunned in utter awe at this brilliant madman.
think,” she chided, “don’t you?”
John thanked him again and the two sat down on a nearby bench. Wondering how to continue the conversation, John glanced around the park and took a swig of his coffee before turning back to Stamford, who didn’t look nearly as uncomfortable as John felt.
“A colleague?” she asked. “How do you get a colleague” Then, she turned to John. “Did he follow you home?”
“Coming!” she said, before turning back once more to John. “Stay away from Sherlock Holmes.”
“Are you going to see him, then?” Stamford asked, interrupting John’s thoughts as they shook hands.
He picked up his coat and scarf headed for the kitchen, not sparing John a second glance. John supposed that he had been right all along: Sherlock Holmes was barking mad.
“Oh, so you… you told him about me?” he asked.
“Any point in asking where I’m going?” he asked, growing impatient.
The phone went dead and John put it back down, weighing his options. He
“Doctor Watson, what do you think?”
“And what’s wrong with the landline?” Stamford asked the man, who still hadn’t glanced in their direction.
“I’m sorry, what?” John asked.
John tapped his fingers against the arm of the chair.
“She could have checked into a hotel,” John supplied. “Left her case there.”
“Anderson, keep everyone out of a couple of minutes.”
“Helping me make a point,” Sherlock answered, mimicking his whisper.
John thought for a moment, hesitant. “I’d say private detective…”
Shower. Clothes. Shave. Teeth. Shoes.
Stamford raised a hand in farewell as Sherlock Holmes left the room, coat sweeping out widely as the door slammed behind him. Just like that, he was gone.
“Shut up.”
John saw the tension in the man’s shoulders release as he let out a deep sigh of relief. “Thank you,” he said, before leaving the apartment and going back down the stairs.
“We’re here,” he said, the cab slowing down and stopping a few hundred feet away from a road barricaded by police tape. The street was illuminated by the red and blue flashing lights from both the police cars and an ambulance, and Sherlock thanked and paid the cabbie before leaping out, bounding around the back of the cab, and opening the door for John before he could even reach for his cane.
Anything John might have asked about Sherlock’s ‘friend’ was cut off by Mrs. Hudson, who had come up the stairs behind them.
a mistake! Get on to Cardiff: find out who Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends were. Find Rachel!” He reached the bottom of the stairs and John watched him disappear from sight.
John stared at the door, his head buzzing with far more questions than answers, and looked over to Stamford, who simply smiled and said, “Yeah, he’s always like that.”
Bill Murray
He and Stamford shared that moment of silence while the dull hum of London traffic continued to murmur in the distance. John was about to bid an awkward farewell and regret not taking the tube back to his flat, but, somehow, Stamford spoke first.
“I was invited.”
Sherlock smirked. It was almost seductive. “Do you want to see some more?”
!” He spun around in pure delight.
John thought about it for a moment. Sherlock was a strange man, and not the type of person John would have previously considered as a potential flatmate at all. But, still, there was something about this man, something that had latched itself onto the back of John’s mind, and he found that despite their strange encounter, he really did want to go meet with him. It felt strange—almost indulgent.
He stopped once they reached the second landing, and John’s bad leg thanked him. Lestrade opened the door and lead them in, Sherlock following quickly and John not too far behind. The air in the room was musty, and the floor was ridden with dust. John looked around, the muted grey of the walls reminding him of his bedsit, and he didn’t find the comparison terribly comforting. The room itself was devoid of furniture except for a rocking horse in the far corner. Old scaffolding poles braced the far part of the ceiling, not too far from where a couple of large holes had been knocked through one of the walls. Everything else John assumed had been brought in by the police; portable lighting had been set up, illuminating the room with a weak glow. In the middle of the floor, a beacon within the monochrome walls, lay a woman’s body, face down on the bare floorboards, and dressed head to toe in bright pink. Next to her hand, five letters had been scratched into the floor: RACHE.
“It’s not obvious to me,” John admitted, knowing he spoke for both himself and the Inspector.
Sherlock simply turned away, smiling to himself, and John still felt like there was a joke that he wasn’t in on.
at him before turning to Stamford. “Afternoon!”
He turned to leave the lab and John stared blankly, shocked, at where he had been standing.As if he had second thoughts about his abrupt dismissal, the man leaned back in through the open door, his eyes twinkling smugly.
“I prefer to text,” he replied curtly.
“Why d’you keep saying suitcase?” Lestrade asked.
“Ah, Molly!” the man interrupted, looking past John to the door of the lab, which had just been opened by a young woman wearing a lab coat. “Coffee! Thank you.”
Sherlock smiled pleasantly and lifted the police tape, ducking under it. “Always, Sally,” he said, then taking a dramatic breath in through his nose. “I even know you didn’t make it home last night.”
Caving under the tension, John turned to Sherlock. “Would it be better if I just waited and–”
“Oh, don’t pretend you worked that out,” Anderson scoffed. “Somebody told you that.”
This apparently sparked Sherlock’s interest, as he turned to face him, the movement smooth and elegant. “Anything interesting?”
Step, step,
John laughed and shook his head, and Sherlock chuckled along with him before turning to gaze out of the cab window.
Stamford nodded. “Yeah, teaching now. Bright young things, like we used to be. God, I hate them!”
“That…” John began, his mind buzzing as he tried to comprehend even a small percentage of what had transpired. “That was…amazing.”
John paused for a moment and bit his lip before continuing.
“Hmm?” John glanced from Sherlock to the body, then from the body to Lestrade, silently seeking his permission to comply with Sherlock’s request.
“It, uh, wasn’t working for me,” Molly said, giving an awkward smile.
Grinning broadly, Sherlock spun on his heels and lead the way out of the door and down the stairs. John followed him as fast as his leg would allow, and called out to their landlady.
“Right.” He looked around the street, trying to think of what to do from here. “Right, yes. Sorry, where am I?”
consult amateurs.” He turned away from John, who gazed at him in amazement. For a moment, they lapsed into silence.
“Who’s on forensics?” he asked.
John blinked, dazed. “Pardon?”
Bill Murray
“What about the message, though?” Lestrade urged.
Whatever Stamford meant by the statement, John didn’t question it. He was too busy thinking about the next time he’d see Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock stood, and John followed, albeit much less gracefully, and leaned  once more on his cane.
The echo of the war rang out gunshots in his ears and drew blood behind his eyes. It robbed him of sleep; nights full of pleasant dreams, even no dreams at all, were a distant memory. He relived the sweltering heat, the sun burning his flesh. He remembered the sight of men falling on the battlefield, the tears of the men he saved and the eyes of those he couldn’t. He remembered all of it: the pain, the gunfire, the very moment that the bullet ripped itself through his flesh—
“Because he’s a psychopath,” Donovan said, so nonchalantly that it made John uncomfortable. “And psychopaths get bored.”
“That’s a skull,” he said, gesturing to it with his cane.
“Freak’s here,” Donovan said into a radio, deciding not to pick a fight. “Bringing him in.”
John smirked. “Harry’s short for Harriet.”
Stamford shook his head as he inspected a beaker. “Not a word.”
John immediately dropped his gaze and gripped at his cane. “Well, this is a prime spot,” he stated. “Must be expensive.”
He didn’t elaborate, and John didn’t question further. “Come on,” Stamford said, standing up and gesturing in the direction of the hospital, “I’ll introduce you.”
“Nothing happens to me,” he said. And it was probably the first honest thing that he had told her since they met.
Sherlock looked between the two of them, baffled. “Dear God, what is it like inside your funny little brains? It must be so
John’s stay at the hospital didn’t last long after Sherlock’s departure; it was nearing the end of Stamford’s break and John still needed to pick up those groceries, but his mind was spinning after his and Sherlock’s conversation.
from out of town, though. Intended to stay in London for one night…” He smiled smugly, turned off his phone and pocketed it. “…before returning home to Cardiff. So far, so obvious.”
“So I went straight ahead and moved in.”
Lestrade shook head and said, “There wasn’t a case.”
“Now whatever you’re trying to imply…” Anderson began, angrily pointing a finger at Sherlock.
Sherlock turned to him and leaned in. “Do you know you do that out loud?” he asked.
John read through the site, which was apparently Sherlock’s own blog. He skimmed through most of it, but was able to come to one logical conclusion about him: he was absolutely mad. And for some bizarre reason, John felt compelled to write about him.
“What am I doing here?” he asked softly.
“Who, Sherlock Holmes?” he asked, walking over to her.
lover; she’d never sustain the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple.”
“It means that when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult
Turning away, John made his way into the bathroom and stood in front of the mirror, his cane leaning against the sink. He stared at himself for a while, his mind somehow drifting back to Sherlock Holmes and wondering how a man could read his life story just by looking at his face.
This carried on for another minute before Sherlock abruptly stood up, appearing to have finished his investigation.
“A cup of tea would be lovely, thank you,” John nodded, picking up the newspaper that she’d left on the arm of his chair.
he wants me to take a look.” John could tell that Sherlock had very little patience for this woman, and he wondered if she always taunted him like that; it was obvious even without Sherlock’s deductive genius that the two did not get on.
His cane felt heavy in his hand and John remembered the gun in his drawer.
“They won’t work with me,” Sherlock said, repeating his words from back at Baker Street.
John watched the exchange intently, soaking up every word.
She was there when he and Sherlock reached the bottom of the stairs. “Both of you?”
She laughed. “Do you know why he’s here? He’s not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won’t be good enough. One day we’ll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.”
John ducked his head and tried not to laugh, following Sherlock through the door and into the house and made sure to take a quick glance at Donovan’s knees as he passed her.
John huffed. “Is that your real name?” he asked.
Step, step,
kind of adventure – was fare more tempting to him than wasting away alone in a dingy bedsit. But Sherlock did no such thing, and John sat in silence.
And he was gone again.
Anderson blinked. “Well, of course it’s for men!
Back from the entrance of the house, Lestrade called over to her.
He decided that he wasn’t going to question it, and so he brushed off the armchair closest to the kitchen, fixed the cushion, and sat down, resting his leg after climbing the stairs. While Mrs. Hudson was in the kitchen, John watched Sherlock for a brief moment, before deciding that it was time for at least a partial explanation, or, at the very least, conformation that Sherlock Holmes was as mad as a hatter.
“Friend of mine,” Sherlock smiled back, before pausing to revaluate. “Well,” he continued, “when I say ‘friend’…”
The flush on Lestrade’s face had gone steadily darker as Sherlock continued with his monologue, but his eyes were not narrowed in anger; instead, he blinked at Sherlock, glanced at John as if Sherlock had been an incredibly clever party trick that John had managed to procure for him, then looked back at Sherlock with undisguised intrigue. “Oh? Oh what?”
Greg frowned darkly, reaching into his coat pocket for a thick manila envelope and handing it over to John. “All we’ve got is in there. Alex Hughes, forty-two. Gift for concealment, which explains why I couldn’t track the son of a bitch.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said as Sherlock opened the car door and slid out as smoothly as he had gotten in. “And while I imagine that you wouldn’t care to listen to this, either … do be careful, Sherlock.”
As soon as Mycroft handed him the folder, John walked briskly towards one of the long tables that occupied the middle of the library. He flipped it open and saw once more the surveillance photo of Alex Hughes. There were quite a number of documents that followed it; much was redacted, but from them he more or less understood Hughes’ dangerous nature: a Gift for concealment that made him an effective assassin, and a deadly ability to wield a number of physical weapons that got him at least five high-profile kills before his last, fatal attempt.
“As I’ve said before, John, my body is nothing but transport.” Sherlock flopped a hand over his eyes. “I don’t need a pint or chips. What I need is a
“Captain Watson,” Dimmock said, straightening, “I didn’t expect to find you here.”
“You mean your Gift doesn't pick up things without it?”
“You mean … you were serious?” John said, slightly bemused, crossing his arms as he watched Sherlock whirl about, gathering gloves, keys, and his mobile phone. “I mean, about me coming with you? That wasn't just … I don't know, proving a point?”
“I’d rather not have any decapitations at all, serial or otherwise, if it’s all the same to you,” John said mildly as he reached forward to pick up the papers where he had left them an hour ago, shaking it out as he opened it and quickly perused the contents. “Here. Boy missing from his home in Newcastle, reported by his businessman father; no clues as to where he had gone, no struggle apparent -"
“When the police find themselves out of their depth – which is all the time – they consult me. As you have just witnessed.” Sherlock had taken his gloves out of his pocket and begun to pull them on. “I have a near-perfect solve rate.”
He called once more on his Gift and now his orb sprang, readily, onto his open palm, lengthening into a spear which he planted onto the floor, using the momentum to help him swing to his feet. He bent his legs as he did, tensing his muscles for either flight or fight, and was slightly surprised to feel himself slide slightly forward, his spear losing its footing as it took on his weight. Since when did sand feel … slippery?
allow you to do that again, Mycroft. Never again.”
A pair of chairs. A fireplace. An apartment.
Sorry for the delay, everyone! Hope you enjoy this one!
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Once I had finished going through my Mind Palace –”
, and handed it to John. “What I
The man’s eyes widened at the word, as if scandalised at the very thought. “A seer? Don’t be absurd. Anyone with
. How could they have let you quit?”
ba dum tissss
“By putting to use methods that, clearly, are no longer effective.” Mycroft now shifted his attention to his lap, frowned, then looked back up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “It’s also because of that fact that we have decided to momentarily suspend our efforts to relocate him and have instead decided to focus our energies on protecting those we feel may be prime targets.”
John shook his head in resignation. “Fat chance. Those things are boring as hell. How can anything that fancy be anything else?”
John hadn’t thought that it was possible for Mycroft Holmes’ eyebrow to go any higher into his hairline, but apparently it was; he looked as if he was either very impressed with John’s gumption or was about to call in the SIS to get rid of John’s body. “That was … rather astute of you, Captain Watson.”
The government official nodded somberly. “Ah. Yes. My health.” He sat down on the chair opposite John’s, leant the umbrella against it, then took a quick sip of his drink. “As you very well know, Captain, my health has been under grave threat.”
another cog in the whole moving puzzle that currently occupied Sherlock’s thoughts.
There followed a good number of news clippings and web excerpts through which he merely skimmed; without context he would have next to no chance of understanding them, and his desire to simply get this over with overrode his usual curiosity. Finally, he got to the second to the last document, which looked something like a cover for a resume or some sort of bio data – of Mycroft’s brother, apparently, this Sherlock. He ran his eyes down the list, noting the ones that stood out: thirty-five, graduated from Oxford with a degree in advanced chemistry, with honours; bachelor. John had a momentary vision of a man in spectacles, probably balding like Mycroft, maybe a few burns or pockmarks from having to work with chemicals, most likely living alone with a cat or a dog; John wouldn’t put the possibility of this Sherlock being the sort of academic who would talk his ears off going on and on about chemicals or scientific discoveries, and therefore very, very boring.
“They’re not secrets, they’re –”
. “The protector I need is for my younger brother, Sherlock.”
“I don’t even want to dare.” Shaking his head, he refolded the piece of paper – thankfully still unscathed – and slid it back into the envelope, closing the flap and leaning forward to hand it back to Mycroft. “With all due respect, I think I shall have to say no.”
here? You don’t strike me as the type who’d go to these fancy-dress things.”
“Oi, have you been out that long, Cap? Someone’s looking for you,” Lestrade said, cheerfully, now pointing openly at Sherlock.
And all Sherlock had left was a moment to register John’s desperate shout of
The pub it is.
“Ah, Captain Watson. So good of you to be here.” Mycroft Holmes smiled at him, then gestured towards a chair with his umbrella. “Please, do sit.”
“Lestrade, tracking needed on the second floor, west wing, window side,” he said urgently into his microphone, launching himself into action even as he spoke. “Four live ones, suspicious activity. Repeat, suspicious activity. I’m going in.”
For a few beats Sherlock stared at him, an unreadable expression on his face. John braced himself for the inevitable questions that he usually got from people who happened to be around him whenever he had flashbacks, but to his surprise Sherlock simply turned away and shrugged, looking up at the window through which the cabbie had hurled himself. “The man’s hand was shaking. A killer, yes, but a passive one, not acclimatised to holding such a weapon.” He looked back at John with an air of determined nonchalance. “At the worst he would have clipped my ear and given me a terrible haircut.”
The man chuckled, a deep, rich sound that sent a spark down John’s spine. “Well spotted, Captain Watson.” He looked at John again, and with this new half-light, his eyes seemed more luminous and impossible than before. “I am here under duress. I have been made to understand that I would suffer great consequences if I were to find alternate enjoyment tonight, so –” He swept large hands to indicate their whole space, “—here I am.”
“Are you now,
John’s mind now went blissfully blank as he watched Sherlock’s movements, sinuous and graceful as a prowling cat, and somehow found that he could not refuse him anything. After all, a voice at the back of his brain helpfully supplied, a little music never hurt anyone, and if Sherlock didn’t want to chat, the silence would probably be
“It’s just that you’re so pretty tonight,” Greg trilled, mock-falsetto.
“I guess not. No.”
“That was my job,” John said, shrugging. “My duty.”
John stepped forward then, watching Dimmock’s face flush at the last statement. For all of Sherlock’s physical charms, John was rapidly discovering that the man had the social IQ of exactly zero. “Sherlock, I don’t know if –”
