“It has been five minutes, just so you’re aware. Indy is still in his chair and hasn’t moved.”
“Take risks in our job?” Steve finished for him. “Yeah, we do. And every time we go out and fight I pray that we get to come back home to our boy. But I’m not going out there looking for trouble unnecessarily, not anymore.” Steve had deflated slightly and now he just seemed disappointed. Tony wasn’t sure if that wasn’t worse. Steve raised his hand again and ran it over Tony’s arm lightly. “I’m sorry if that hurt,” he whispered. Tony shrugged.
Bucky stepped closer. “Yup. Happy wants to see your dad and he’s bringing Poppy.”
“And that’s why you’re going to kill Fury?” Peter was looking at Steve with concern.
“Love you, Indy.”
“Uh, Pete?” Steve asked through the comms.
“You’re my fiancé now,” Tony said.
XXXXXXXXX
“Sure. I’ll get her ready to go and be over soon.”
“Why do you look hungover?” Steve laughed from where he stood at the counter with his coffee.
“Shields going to take over so we can get out of here,” Steve told them. He went over to the doorway speaking to the 2 Shield agents that were waiting and then returned with them. They took the Hydra agent and Steve motioned for Bucky and Tony to follow him. “Let’s just get back to the jet. Natasha and Clint are finishing up. There were some more people in the back but no kids.” Steve led Tony up into the Quinjet and over to one of the seats as Bucky stalked past them. Tony sat, fixing the blanket and bundling the baby in to sitting on his lap while staying covered up. Steve knelt down in front of him and placed his hands on Tony’s knees. It was his first look at the baby who watched him intently as he pulled the cowl off his face.
He brought him to the bathroom and took off the soiled shirt first. Indy shivered and Steve noticed. “Sorry, buddy. You’ll be warm in a minute. JARVIS can you start the water for the tub please?”
“Here, you carry him so I can carry the armor.” Steve passed the boy over. The Iron Man armor was discovered in the building before they had found Bucky and Tony by Natasha and Steve. He had dragged it into the Quinjet to take with them. Now, he hoisted it up and over on to his shoulder and  lead the way down the ramp.
“I’m not going anywhere. And it’s okay. You’ve been through a lot in a week, Tony. You’re still healing, you’re not sleeping. If you wanna get mad at me sometimes I can take that.”
Tony sat back to relax, preparing for the trip back to the tower which would take them a couple hours, adjusting the baby so she was facing him chest to chest but still sitting on his lap. He brought his hand up to cup her head, running his thumb across the hairs there soothingly. “You’re going to be okay now, baby girl. I promise. We don’t know who your dad is yet but either way I’m going to be here for you no matter what, okay? You’re safe now.” She patted her hand against his stomach and tried to move her head to look up at him. He picked her up to hold her higher against his chest and she held her head back to make eye contact. “Hi,” he said happily. She smacked his lips with her hand. “Ow,” he said jokingly and then kissed her cheek. She let out a little chirp at that and her eyes widened. “No one ever kissed you before, huh?” He said sadly. He kissed her again on her forehead, keeping his lips there and trying not to cry. After a minute she whined and pulled her head back to look at him again. “I’m still here, sweet pea,” he said as he smiled at her.
If there’s any tags you can think of that I didn’t use please let me know! I can never think of them when I need to ;)
Tonys head popped out from behind a table where he had been picking up some tools off the floor.  “I don’t think now’s a great time for us to have this conversation, Cap.” Steve rounded the workstation and crouched next to Tony, picking up the last couple stray tools for him.
“I’ll take the balloon and we can tie it on your chair while you eat breakfast okay?” Steve took the string from Indy’s hand and they all went to the kitchen. Steve tied it to the back of Indy’s booster seat and Tony placed him in it.
“JARVIS told me Indy asked to show me his toy and you said I was working,” Tony sighed, also speaking in hushed tones. “I know sometimes I really will be at work or on a business trip and that’s unavoidable but that wasn’t the case today. And I don’t wanna be that dad who avoids his kid or uses work as an excuse.”
Steve stepped forward. “So, I have his diaper bag packed with everything you might need. Diapers, change of clothes, pacifier, blanket, a toy,” he trailed off. She slung it on her shoulder.
Steve and Tony had, of course, explained this the night before, but Indy was understandably nervous at the thought of going to a therapist. He didn’t really understand what it was for. “She’s going to talk to you about the time before you lived with Papa and Daddy.”
“Okay, come here,” Steve gestured to the sofa. They sat down and Steve faced the boy.  “I shouldn’t be getting you involved in this.”
“Perfect,” Steve replied instantly. “I was just explaining to him that he was going to hang out with his Auntie for a little while. He seemed agreeable to that.”
“JARVIS, put on a kids movie for us?” A moment later the screen turned on and bright colors bounced around the screen. Indy kept drinking but his eyes drifted to the movie and his breathing evened out. They stayed like that even once Indy fell asleep, and all through his nap, neither of them wanting to let him go just yet.
“Thanks, bud. I appreciate that.”
"And you'd want that?"
Steve grabbed Peter instead, grabbing him around the waist and hoisting him up. Peter yelped and scrabbled against Steve until his arms settled on top of Steve’s shoulders. “It’s okay Tony, I’ll hold this kid for a bit instead.”
"Ignore him," she replied flatly. "Your choice, of course," she added in her Irish lilt.
“Okay baby bug, time for a snack.” Luca was sitting in Steves lap sideways facing Tony. Steve had a container of baby rice puffs which he opened and offered to Tony. “Wanna give him one?”
Indy looked up at his dad. “Sorry Da. Sorry. Please.” Indy repeated a little frantically.
“Buddy, it’s just Steve. He came for us,” Bucky explained. “We can go home.” Steve was watching this exchange with confusion, giving Bucky a questioning look when the other man glanced up at him. “Tony here,” Bucky said pointedly, “knew Captain America would come. Right?” Steve’s eyes widened hearing him call the boy Tony. The boy sat up a little, looking over at Steve as if making sure it was really him. Bucky took the chance at the boy angled away from him to adjust the kids shirt so Steve caught a glimpse of the reactor. Steve gasped but, to his credit, composed himself quickly.
“Thank you Buppy,” he said looking up at Bucky with a big smile. Bucky ruffled the boys hair and then left his hand resting on Indy’s head as he led him to the cashier.
“Okay. I’m gonna come meet you. I’m sure he’ll be okay,” Bucky tried to reassure him but it seemed to get him angry.
“Yeah! Crim-mas?” He replied.
“Have you ever held a baby before Indy?” Steve asked lightly, trying a different tactic. Indy nodded and all three men glanced at each other. That pretty much answered their question. Indy hadn’t been around any infants since he’d been home. “Yeah? Was it a boy or a girl?” Indy shrugged again. “Is the baby safe?” Indy’s face scrunched up and he began to cry softly. “Oh, hey, it’s okay. I’m sorry,” Steve picked Indy off his lap and held him against his chest and the boy wrapped his arms and legs around Steve immediately.
“Well, thanks Tony. I’m gonna head out but you guys need anything or a ride, doesn’t matter the time just call.”
After giving them a minute, Bucky stood. “How are you doing, Stevie?”
“No, sweetheart. It’s not safe for kids. I need you to be a good boy and stay here.” He started crying and Tony scooped him up. “I know. I don’t wanna leave you but you love Bucky, you’ll be okay, huh?”
Steve sighed. “Sorry, sweetheart. I didn’t’ want to wake you.”
“I told you I wouldn’t lecture you but you should rest for awhile. If it helps I can offer you a baby to cuddle?” Bucky smirked as he picked Poppy up from her mat and held her out for Tony to see. Tony laughed then groaned as the pain in side surged. Bucky winced but Tony held his arm out on his uninjured side and beckoned for him to put Poppy there.
“Holy shit,” Tony murmured suddenly.
“How do you feel, Tony? Does anything hurt?” His hands roamed Tony’s body, as if he’d be able to feel if something was bothering him.
“Da,” Indy pointed.
“Thanks,” Peter muttered shyly, but he couldn’t hide his smile. Tony smiled back at him.
Tony stepped up behind him leaning into his back. “You were fine before. I know he was upset about the bath but he seems okay now, I don’t think it ruined his day.”
Tony smiled. “I like Indy as a name too, but are you putting Indiana on the certificate or just Indy? And he needs a middle name, too. Well, if you want to give him one.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah-ma hurt,” he cried.
“Here,” Steve said as he got a piece of the yellow cake onto a fork and held it in front of his son. “Try the cake part, too.” He seemed to like all of it. They gave him a very small piece since he wasn’t used to so much sugar and cake was new for him.
“I am sorry, though. Even if it was Hydra, I’m so sorry.” Tony nodded.
“Mm hmm,” Tony nodded. “With?”
“Our son, Tony. Our son.” Tony rolled his eyes.
“For baby?” Indy asked. Tony cringed, wondering if this was going to set him off.
“Let’s do it.”
“Yeah, by the way, he doesn’t like baths,” Bucky said drily. Steve sighed, rolling his eyes. “Hey, we haven’t had a chance to talk yet. I didn’t know there was going to be a midnight bath.”
Annie nodded knowingly. “I hear you, but in this case I think what he needed most when he was rescued was a stable home with caring people and to know that the bad things weren’t going to happen anymore. And you gave him that. So however out of your depth you may have felt, I do want to assure you that you are giving him exactly what he needs. And this therapy is just an extension of that.
“Can I walk you out Pepper?” He said his goodbyes and waited at the door. Pepper hugged Steve and Tony and then left as well.
“All done,” Steve said, reluctant to break up their little moment. “Pass her over I’ll wrap her in the new blanket and you can take off your shirt and wipe down.”  He pulled her from Tony with his hands under her arms and she protested immediately with a wave of her arms and her little hand reaching back to him. “Hey there, it’s okay,” Steve said as he brought her to his chest. He made sure the blanket was secure around her but kept her facing away from him so she could watch Tony. She started to tear up so he bounced her lightly. “You like Tony, huh?” He asked her and she whimpered back at him. “I like Tony too, don’t worry he’ll be done in a minute,” Steve kept talking so she would focus on something else. “How old are you? Maybe 6 months?” He looked to Tony.
When he awoke he was alone but he could hear Peter doing something nearby. Tony was feeding Luca on the screen. He looked at Peter’s phone and saw that it was just about 7:30 am, so he slept for 3 hours.
“I’m glad you’re here, Buck.” Bucky startled as he met Steve’s gaze. “I don’t know if you have plans elsewhere, but, if you want, you can stay here.”
“You know you’re safe here?” Peter asked.
“Let go,” Tony said, tugging his arm but Steve didn’t let go.
Someone made Fanart for this story which makes me unbelievably happy! Thank you @tvd1992!  :)
They re-entered the main room and Tony had the mess cleared up and they were back to chatting and watching TV. Tony jumped up immediately upon seeing Indy.
“Blue,” Indy said, referencing the picture of the car on his piece.
They ate their dinner in comfortable silence and after Steve led them to the sofa. “We’re going to watch some TV and relax,” Steve told him as he turned the TV on. “Sit next to me.”  Steve sat and Tony followed, snuggling up to Steve as soon as he lifted his arm to allow space for Tony to crawl into. Steve smiled. “Can you pull the blanket over us?” He asked, giving Tony short, easy commands to follow. Tony reached and pulled a throw blanket off the back of the sofa and spread it over his and Steve’s laps. “Good, thank you.” Steve brought the arm he had around Tony up so that he could wind his fingers through the soft curls on the back of his head. Tony moaned at the feeling, putting his head down further to allow Steve more access. “That’s it,” Steve praised. “Just relax.”
“Poppy’s sleeping now, Indy. You can see her tomorrow,” Tony answered.
“Yeah and guess what? It’s yours,” Bucky told him. Tony’s eyes went wide.
“What is it Tony?” Bruce asked calmly, gaining Tony’s attention.
“She said the session was almost over anyway so we’d just cut this one short. She’ll talk to you about it if you wanna go in there,” Bucky nodded back at the door. “Can I bring him home?”
Steve nodded. “Yeah, makes sense. So?”
Tony made grabby hands in his direction when he stood up so Bucky stepped close to him so he could give her a kiss to the top of her head and Steve reached out and ran a finger down her arm.
“No,” he whimpered. Steve raised one hand up to Indy’s face to wipe the tears off his cheeks.
“Sorry, Da. Sorry, please?” Indy knelt on his sofa cushion between the two men facing Tony hopefully.
“No hitting Tony. That’s not nice.”
“What are we going to do?” He asked Tony desperately. Tony didn’t have to ask what he meant.
Steve sat back and looked at the two men on the sofa. “Was this a mistake?” Before either could answer Steve stood abruptly. “You know what, never mind. I’m going to put him in his bed for a nap.” He took his son from Tony’s arms and swiftly left the room. Tony sighed.
“I don’t know, I just.. I came across someone years ago, as the soldier, and her name was Poppy. It was just in passing but the name stuck with me,” he answered.
“What happened?” Tony’s tone must have been enough to startle Bucky who looked up from where he had been helping Indy eat his grilled cheese sandwich.
“Not yet. I wanted to wait, just in case, you know?”  Steve nodded, looking at the little boy. “You want me to introduce you?”
“Hey Peanut,” he whispered, crouching down next to Indy who was putting a flower petal next to Clint’s foot. “We’re gonna be here all day at this rate.” Indy looked up at Tony then at his basket.
“Here,” Bucky said, reaching into the bag and pulling out a small cardboard children’s book. “This isn’t the gift. I found this in the bottom of my backpack. Forgot it was in there, but I had picked it up at a store after I first found Indy. He liked to look at the pictures and I read it to him a couple times. You can have it now,” he pushed it across the counter to Steve. “It’s about a llama. He seemed to love it so when I saw this yesterday when I went out, I had to get it.” He pulled a small llama plush out of the bag. It was about the size of Bucky’s hand when he held it out for Steve and Tony to see, with soft, tan colored fur. Steve smiled.
“He’s in the kitchen, Captain,” FRIDAY responded, so Steve headed there. Clint was drinking out of the orange juice cartoon as they walked in.
“We’ll be perfectly fine for 2 hours, I think,” she smiled. “I’ll give you a minute.” She stepped away toward the door and Steve sidled up to Tony.
“I know.” He snuggled back into Steve.
“Nice,” Indy stated seriously.
“Cap’n Amer’ca,” Tony muttered around his thumb. “Come for Bucky.”
“Thanks,” Steve told him sincerely. He pulled Indy from his shoulder placing him gently on the car seat. “There ya go, baby.” Tony leaned over Steve from behind him to see in the car.
“Indy?” Steve called out quietly. The little boy gasped and whined, pushing his head further into his pillow. “Hey, you’re okay,” Steve said, walking up to the bed. “Oh, buddy,” he added, sadly, seeing that the boy had been sick and there was some vomit on the bed next to where he was laying. He reached out and ran his hand over the boys forehead and through his hair. “Not feeling well?”  Indy whined again, this time looking at Steve, who offered a small smile in return. He noticed that there was a wet stain on the boys shirt as well. “I think we need to get you cleaned up, huh?” Steve leaned over and reached under the boys arms to lift him up. “Come on,” he said, pulling the boy to him, sitting him a little bit sideways in his arms since the front of his shirt was a mess and that left room to rub small circles on the boys stomach. “Your tummy hurt?” Indy looked up at him again with tears in his eyes but didn’t answer. “Okay well, let’s get you clean. The warm water will feel nice and then we’ll go from there.”
Steve rounded the bed and helped Tony stand and carried the pole his IV was hanging from into the bathroom with Tony. “Can you get your pants and socks off while I get the baby?” Tony nodded, grateful at least that he was still shirtless so he didn’t have to finagle that around an IV. Steve returned a moment later bouncing Luca in his arms. “Ready to get all clean with Daddy, bug?”
Steve, Tony, Clint, Natasha and Bruce had just settled in for their weekly team movie night when JARVIS interrupted with an announcement.
“How are you feeling physically? How’s the pain?” Tony subconsciously put a hand to his stomach rubbing it lightly.
The re-entered the living room and Indy looked up at them.
“Can you say balloon?” Steve asked. They had taken to teaching him a lot of words, every time they came across something new, since he went so long without being taught what things were.
“Love Papa and Da,” Indy replied with a big smile. “Thank you!”
“Tony?” Steve asked softly. Tony snapped the folder shut, looking up at Bucky angrily. He shoved the folder into Steve’s chest who took it and opened it immediately.
“I gotta interrupt, sorry,” Tony said. “Buppy?”
“Look this was always going to be a lot of work. I just want to make it as easy on you as possible. You gave me this,” he gestured to Luca. “I have a son and we’re a family. I have you. I never thought I’d have any of this, before or after the ice. So, I’m the one that should be thanking you.” He moved his hand off Tony’s waist and brought it to up his cheek, rubbing his thumb lightly along his husbands cheekbone. Tony turned his head and kissed Steve’s palm.
“Let’s sit and see what we got, hmm?” Steve sat with Indy on his lap but the boy whined and hid his face in Steve’s neck. It made him glad that he reigned Tony in a bit when he wanted to buy practically the entire toy store. Indy always got overwhelmed in front of too much stuff, or things that were new to him. Steve pulled a gift toward him that he knew was a book. A nice low-key gift to start out with. “Look, sweetheart. We’ll open it together.” Steve pulled at the paper a little to get it started. He saw Tony out of the corner of his eye taking pictures with his phone and he looked up and gave him a small smile. “Indy, go ahead. Pull the paper.”
“I know.” Tony replied easily. Because he did believe that. Steve was grinning ear to ear and Tony rolled his eyes. He threw his arm around Bucky’s shoulders pulling him close for a quick side hug. Bucky’s face scrunched up but he didn’t pull away.
“Good,” Tony admitted reluctantly. He pushed the blanket off and sat up so he was sitting next to Steve instead but he made sure their shoulders were still touching. “It was nice, thank you.”
“We’re pulling in the parking lot now, I’m going to hang up but I’ll see you in a minute.”
“No, Steve. He’s a week old, are you serious? He’s not leaving us,” Tony started to pull back but Steve held on.
“Ooh my turn with the Tator Tot,” he exclaimed. Steve grabbed the cart and pushed it behind his boyfriend and son as Tony led them to the checkout. They went to a self checkout hoping to avoid being recognized. Steve rang everything up and before he even realized what happened Tony had tapped his phone on the card reader and paid electronically.
“I mean it, Tony. Thank you. For taking such good care of Indy. For trying to get along with Bucky. And for taking care of me, too. I love you.”
“We’ll be awhile longer.”  They nodded and continued on their way.
“That’s an invasion of privacy,” Tony protested indignantly.
Indy nodded, seeming more sure now. “Yeah, new baby.”
“Rhodey,” Steve whispered. He handed his phone to Bucky and then buried his face back into Indy’s hair.
“Right here, darling,” Tony replied, sitting half on the arm of the sofa and half on Steve. Steve put his arm around his boyfriend as they watched Bucky place the baby on Indy’s lap and rearrange the boys arms so he was holding her correctly. Then Bucky sat on the other side of Indy, ready to move quick if something happened.
Steve chuckled. “Yes, I’ll watch them.” Steve knelt on the floor and ran his hand through Tony’s hair. He started to wake up, nuzzling his face into the sofa cushion. “Hey, sweetheart,” Steve said softly. Tony blinked his eyes open getting his bearings.
“The Winter Soldier,” she said quietly, almost like she couldn’t believe it.
“How’d this happen, Bubba?”
He took the arm up to the common area where Steve and Bucky sat on opposite ends of the sofa silently staring at the TV.
“That’s not very nice.” And then it clicked. Something triggered Tony into worrying that Steve would take the boy away. “Indy, what did you say to Daddy before I got down here?” Indy rolled himself over so he was face down on the sofa but kept a hand on Steve’s leg, pushing against it. “Tony, come here.” Tony’s head snapped up but whatever he’d been feeling he shut down to hide from his boyfriend.
“Indy, can I hold you?” Steve put his hands out but stopped short of the little boy giving him the choice. Indy looked at Bucky first and he gave a small nod so the boy leaned forward falling into Steve’s waiting hands. Steve brought the boy to his chest as he stood up, noting how small and light he was, much smaller than an average 3 year old. “I’m sorry you had to be in that bad place for so long,” Steve whispered. “I didn’t know about you or I would have tried to find you.” Indy put his head on Steve’s shoulder and yawned. Steve pat his back rhythmically as his eyes drifted shut. Steve sighed and held him a little tighter.
“I’m upset that he’s hurting but it’s the same as when he has a check up with Bruce. He doesn’t like medical things but we know it’s not hurting him and it’s for his own good.”
He heard a cry from his son and opened his eyes immediately. There was a table about 8 feet away from him against a wall and on it Luca laid on his back, hands and feet moving in agitation. There was a raised lip around the table, hopefully enough that he wouldn’t be able to roll off of it.
“You know he was brainwashed,” Steve began carefully. “It’s Hydra’s fault, Tony. Not his.” Tony stared at him for an uncomfortable beat until Steve broke eye contact.
“What about me?” He asked with a sideways glance.
“No!” Indy shouted louder this time. ‘No, please,” he sobbed.  He picked his legs up closer to his body so that they didn’t touch the water.
“He’s not gonna want me here and I get that. He shouldn’t have to deal with me being here, it’s his home. His whole building.”
Steve had Indy cuddled in his lap as he sat on the floor by the Christmas tree. They had let Indy open one gift, a stuffed reindeer, for Christmas Eve and he now had it clutched in a tight grasp as he tried and failed to pretend he wasn’t tired. He rubbed his eye with a fist and yawned.
“Pardon the interruption but Mister Parker is at the door,” Jarvis announced.
Tony wasn’t sure how much time passed but Luca had fallen asleep after eating and now calmly rested in his dads arms. The door opened and the two kidnappers walked in, the woman striding purposefully over to Tony, who tightened his hold on Luca.
“No,” Indy answered, sadly. He gripped the front of Steve’s t-shirt in his hand. “No, please,” he repeated.
"Join the club," Tony murmured.
“My pants,” Steve mumbled and Tony looked back down to where he had touched but didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. Until Steve sat up straight and moved his hands and then Tony could see the wet patch over his crotch. “I don’t know what happened. I didn’t know I had to go.” Steve looked wrecked and Tony felt awful for him.
Barnes finally called him when they had Steve safely bundled onto the helicarrier.
Steve wrapped one arm around Tonys back and one hand came up to the back of his neck, scratching at the short hair there. “He was nervous. But he wasn’t crying.”
“Yeah Buppy. Like baby,” he pointed to the doll. Bucky nodded.
“I feel the same. I know we’ve been a family for awhile now but this feels different. We are officially family now. In the eyes of everyone.” Tony nodded. “And there’s no one else I’d ever want to have a family with. It’s always been you Tony.”
“Thanks, J,” Tony answered but his voice hitched on the last syllable and his breath caught and he must have been obvious enough that Indy was catching on now. He patted Tony’s chest with his small hand and was now sitting up looking at him worriedly. “S’okay. It’s okay,” Tony repeated over and over, pulling the boy closer to him. Tears started forming in his eyes and he didn’t want to scare the kid more. That’s how Steve found them a minute later, taking in the scene quickly once he entered.
“All right, come on,” Steve said as he placed Indy on his own two feet and stood himself. “Let’s go pick out a new shirt.” Steve headed to Indy’s room with the boy trailing behind him and opened his dresser drawer. “What do you think about this one?” Steve held up a little red t-shirt with the arc reactor image in the center. “You can be like Daddy today.”
"You can stay sitting there near it if it makes you feel better or there's a sofa over there," Tony gestured behind him. Bucky didn't move, apparently making his decision. Tony continued to tinker with the metal appendage. "FRIDAY can you do a full scan of this so I can get the internal schematics?"
Steve laughed. “One piece before breakfast, that’s it, okay?” Indy grabbed a piece and handed to his Papa to open the wrapper and hand back to him. He then happily ate his chocolate leaning against Steve’s legs and looking up at him occasionally smiling.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s middle and hugged him tightly. “I love you so much.”
“Hey, calm down, one second,” He finished and came back around the wall. “I’m here, it’s okay, see?” He washed his hands quickly and then picked Indy up and sat him on the counter. He ran his hand through the little boys hair, the other hand keeping him steady on his waist. “You’re okay, huh? Ready to get changed?” He laid Indy down on the counter and made quick work of the diaper considering he’d never changed one before. He taped down the tabs of the new diaper and pulled the boys pajama pants back on. “I am a genius, huh?” He asked tickling the boys stomach before picking him up. Indy laughed and clapped once, making Tony smile.
“Tony, I’m not mad that Indy called you da, if that’s what you’re worried about. God, who knows the horror that kid has been through so far in his short life and this is only his second day with us. If he likes you and trusts you enough already to want to call you da then that makes me happy, Tony.” Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair. “If you just don’t want to be his dad, with me, then that’s another story. Obviously, I’m not trying to force this on you. This was sudden and unexpected and we do need to have a discussion about us in relation to him,” Steve trailed off. Tony’s breathing had returned to normal and he was slumped against Steve.
“I know where he gets his flare for the dramatics.” Steve squinted at him.
“I love you too, Tater Tot. So much.” Tony pressed a kiss into the boys blonde hair. Steve let them have their moment and then put his hand on Indy’s back.
“Kitty!” He exclaimed, holding it up by one ear to show his parents. They sat behind him on the sofa.
When Bucky returned an hour later with Poppy in his arms and Indy in tow, Tony was sound asleep but Steve looked over when they walked in the room.
“I think I’m going to lay down with her awhile to make sure she’s okay and I’ll just read for a bit. Thanks though. You guys can have the night to yourself,” Bucky answered.
Where they ended up however was not even the lab, because Steve couldn’t refuse Tony when he gave him a sad look, they ended up in their bedroom. Tony laying down with a new IV in and Steve sitting on his side of the bed with Luca in his lap. Bruce was in and out checking on them.
“You’re not going far, kid. You’ll be okay, and we’ll be right there if you need us,” Tony said, more for himself than the baby. He lifted Luca higher in his arms, pressing his lips to the top of head for a moment, breathing him in. Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder comfortingly and then they went over to Pepper who took Luca gently into her arms.
“It’s okay,” Tony started.
“I think I can accommodate that.” Tony got in and sidled up to Steve throwing an arm over his stomach and holding him tight. He tilted his head and kissed Steve’s cheek. “Good night, Darling.”
“Where is he?”
“Sorry, Mr. Rogers, but your phone buzzed and I saw that it was Tony so I figured I’d answer,” Peter rambled. Steve smiled.
Quick little interlude type chapter for Valentine’s Day because I felt like I couldn’t skip the holiday :)
“Pa and Da,” Indy shouted.
Peter jumped up, grabbing his gift bag and headed for the kitchen. “Hey,” he called softly once Tony was in sight. Tony blinked his eyes open to look at Peter. He looked shocked that Steve let him through. “I have this for Luca. I’ll be quick.” For the moment, Peter ignored the fact that Tony was a mess. His face was red and tear streaked and he was sniffling as Luca still whimpered on his lap, confused as to the mood in the room. “Hi Buddy,” he said to the little boy happily. “I got you a present.” He pulled a chair in front of Tony and sat and showed the bag to Luca. Luca reached out grabbing the top roughly and pulling.
“You can talk to May about the school thing, but thanks. And you can stay as long as you want, honestly. I’d probably handle this even worse alone. Knowing you’re around, even in the other room, helps.” He pressed a quick kiss to Peters hair. They settled in to watch both screens for awhile and, despite his reluctance, Steve felt his eyelids getting heavier until he eventually lost his battle. His head fell back against the sofa and his grip on Peter loosened as he passed out.
“I’m sure that baby doll is safe with her family, kiddo. She’s got a nice little girl that’s taking care of her. That’s why you can’t take it.” Indy cried harder so Bucky started the walk back to the tower down the street. When he started working himself up even more Bucky sat him up straighter in his arms. “Why are you so upset, buddy?”
“I think we should. Nothing crazy, but we need a minute to ourselves to regroup, I think. It’ll do us both good.”
“Sleepy,” Steve whispered back, glancing at the man next to him. “He needs to get a lot of rest.” Bucky nodded in agreement. Indy walked to the side of the bed that Steve wasn’t on and attempted to pull himself up.
“JARVIS,” Steve called once Bucky was out of earshot. “Let me know if Bucky tries to leave?”
The lock on the door rattled, a loud metallic sound. Repeated clangs of metal on metal which Bucky could only hope was Steve’s shield breaking through. Tony whimpered.  “Shh,” he cupped the back of Tony’s head and left his hand there protectively. “I got you.” The door finally swung open and Bucky braced himself but immediately he registered it was Steve’s spangly outfit. He let out a sigh of relief.
Tony sighed. “Good,” he whispered, eyes already closed.
“What’re you doing up?” Steve asked softly.
“And do you, Anthony take Steven to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
“Poppy. Her names Poppy.” Bucky looked up at his friend with a lopsided smile. “I’ve been thinking about what to name her since we found out she was mine. I wasn’t even sure I’d be best to keep her but I couldn’t stop thinking of names.”
“Wow is right, baby. Look at these.” He pulled the slippers out so everyone could see. They were shaped like sharks in a royal blue and white color with teeth along the front. “You wanna try these on? They’re slippers to keep your toes warm around the house.” Tony tickled Indy’s foot and then managed to slip them on.
“Ah-ma safe,” Indy whimpered.
A doctor came out soon after looking for Tony and let him know that Steve had awoken and he could come back. Bucky agreed to keep Indy with him so Tony passed his blanket back and went with the doctor who led him to an exam room where Steve was laying on a stretcher, electrodes stuck to his chest monitoring vitals and an IV in his arm. The head of the bed was tilted up a little so Steve could see when Tony entered. He gasped and his eyes instantly filled with tears. The doctor left them alone.
He walked out to the living area where Tony was pacing back and forth with a fussy baby in his arms while Indy repeatedly asked to hold her. He smiled because the sight of his boyfriend with a tiny baby made him feel like he wanted that in a way that he’d never really thought of before, even after they got Indy.
Indy shot up straight in Steve’s arms and the three men collectively chuckled. “Well, you said the magic word there,” Tony added. “This one loves puzzles,” he told her, ruffling the boys hair.
“More than the baby?” Indy sniffled.
"Then who would fix my arm?" Bucky replied so seriously that Tony couldn't help but laugh.
Indy made a whining sound in his sleep and brought his thumb to his mouth. Tony managed to catch it before he put it in and Steve grabbed a pacifier off the end table and tossed it to his boyfriend. Tony gently pushed the pacifier against Indy’s lips and after a few seconds he let it in and began suckling. Tony left his index finger on it to keep it in, hand resting on Indy’s chest.
In the hallway, Tony reached out to take Poppy and gave her a hug and a kiss. “Goodnight Poppy seed.”  Steve leaned over to say his goodnight as well while Tony was still holding her and then he passed her back to Bucky.
“It’s fine. You need me to do anything before I go?  I could clean up the glass.”
“See Da?” Indy asked, looking up from Bucky’s chest.
“Hey Boss,” Happy said, coming up to the foot of the bed. “You need anything?”
“Clint came over to stay with you as a favor to me and he just wanted to have a nice day with you,” Steve told the small boy. “Why are you acting out? You don’t usually behave like this, Tony.”
“You don’t have to,” Tony said softly.
“That’s it! Pa. That’s your Pa,” he pointed to Steve. “Go see Papa.”  Tony handed Indy over to his father. Steve settled the boy on his hip and Indy smacked the side of his face lightly.
“Yeah,” Bucky added. “Poppy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not Captain America. Steve. Steve Rogers, my boyfriend, and the sweetest, kindest, person I know. That guy can do this.” Steve smiled.  “Come on, get in bed.” Tony reached behind Steve and pulled the sheet back. Steve climbed in, laying on his back, and Tony went around and got in his side, scooting close to Steve and resting his hand on Steve’s chest. “Get some rest, sweetheart.”
He grabbed Poppy’s brush and combed his hair, parted on the side. He reached into the bag he had brought with them and grabbed some hair product, rubbing a small amount between his palms and then through the boys hair, hoping it would help it to stay neat until the ceremony. “Okay, you’re all ready. Looking good, kid.” Indy clapped excitedly.
“Thank you for saying sorry. It’s okay.”
“I know you can hear me,” Steve replied. There was no further response from Tony and Steve just had to hope that Jarvis would alert him if Tony actually hurt himself.
“I’d like to think that wouldn’t be possible but who knows. Maybe it’s nothing, maybe it’s just a doll.” Bucky checked his watch. “I’m gonna go get your kid from timeout. I didn’t ask him about this yet because I wanted to talk to you first and see if you would be okay with it.”
"Why'd you send Steve upstairs?" Bucky asked suddenly and Tony dropped his screwdriver.
The boy snuffled in his sleep as he napped against Bucky, temporarily drawing everyone’s attention.  Bucky patted the boys bottom where his hand was resting absently and the boy quieted but his eyes blinked open slowly.
“He’s healthy, that’s for sure,” Steve agreed. Tony hummed in agreement. He knew that Steve worried about their son being sick like he was as a child but so far every test had proved he was 100% healthy, even without any sign of the serum in his system. Steve brought his hand up to cup Luca’s head gently. The two men stared down at him quietly. The only sounds were Luca’s snuffles as he breathed through his nose and swallowed greedily.
“Now, Indy. You remember what Daddy and I talked to you about last night? You’re going to talk to a new friend today.” The young boy was sitting on the bed in his parents bedroom while Steve finished up the buttons on his new button up shirt. Indy nodded in response. Steve looked at his son who sat there in his new shirt with his hair parted on the side, still slightly damp, looking like a little man. Steve smiled and blinked back the tears that had sprung to his eyes. “You look good, sweetheart,” Steve told him, cupping his cheek. Indy smiled up at him.
A few minutes later Indy came running back, dragging Bucky with him. “No look,” Indy yelled at them with a wave of his hand. Steve and Tony dutifully closed their eyes. They heard rustling and felt him put something on their laps. “Look,” he announced when he was ready. They each had a piece of red construction paper on their laps, a heart drawn on each in marker with the word Papa on Steves and Da on Tony’s, in Bucky’s handwriting. Around that Indy had taken over and drawn all over the whole paper in crayons.
Tony had a house in the Hampton’s so when the topic of where the wedding should be held came up they were both in pretty quick agreement that that would be the perfect place. There was a large, private lawn where they could setup and they planned on keeping it small anyway. Close friends and family, that’s it.
“Hi, Tony.” He stepped closer, slowly. “You ready to get out of here?” Tony nodded fervently. Steve nodded and gave him a small smile. “What happened, Bucky?”
X X X X X
“No,” Tony cried. “Please.”
“I know you’re upset.”
“You’re looking very handsome,” Tony said. Steve nodded in agreement.
“So we just give them what they want right? Do you know if they’re okay?”
“Hi,” Tony added. “But seriously, I’ve got everything we need to make it look like he was just a baby born in a normal way, birth certificate, social security number, everything.” He laid the papers out on the counter as he spoke.
“I hope so.”
Steve took Indy from Bucky then grabbed Tony’s hand and they walked hand in hand back down the aisle.
“Cold?” Bucky asked, walking to the heavy looking iron door. The only exit from the room. He tried it, just in case. It was locked. Bucky realized that Tony had nodded against him so he went back to the pile of clothes but all that was there was adult Tony’s pants and a long sleeve shirt that he wore under the armor that didn’t look like it would be very comfortable material, or warm. As Bucky surveyed what they had available to them in the room Tony brought his thumb back to his mouth. At the last minute, and just before Bucky almost said something to him again, Tony stopped himself.
“That’s very sweet, baby. We love you so much, you’ll always have us,” Steve said and kissed Indy’s cheek.
Steve headed down to the workshop to see if Tony would let him in. He heard loud banging sounds before he even reached the door, which was locked. He entered his code and thankfully it slid open.
“Can you say thank you to your Da for the ballon?”
The loading hatch started to open with a clang, probably activated by Clint or Natasha who were still up front, but Tony stiffened against Steve seeing that they were one step closer to heading inside. Tony turned into Steve, grasping his uniform in 2 small fists. Clint and Natasha walked toward them and Bucky waved them through.
“Couple hours,” the woman replied with a look off to the side toward the baby.  “I think he’s hungry.”
"I'm not trying to make this painful, tell me if something hurts," Tony insisted. Bucky nodded.
“Sore still. But better than it was.” Steve nodded.
Bucky stood and joined Steve and they walked down the hall to Tony’s room. Steve opened the door slowly and stuck his head in. Tony was laying there with his eyes closed. He walked in slowly and placed his hand over Tony’s when he was close enough. Tony startled slightly.
“Happy birthday Indy,” Bruce said cheerfully. “Steve, where should I put this,” he gestured to the gift.
"Thank you," Steve whispered, relieved.
“Merry Christmas, pal. You wanna say Merry Christmas to Uncle Steve? Hmm?” Bucky bounced Poppy in his arms and she giggled. Steve reached out and took her into his arms.
“I’ll be right here, buddy. Just like every other time. I’m not going to leave. I’m going to clean you while you play with your duckies and then I’ll take you out.” Steve knelt down beside the tub and put Indy’s feet in the water and then gently pried his arms from around his neck and helped him sit. He dropped the ducks into the water in front of Indy but he was too upset to care at the moment. “Calm down, you’re okay.”
Fury met them inside the building to debrief so they went to a conference room and Steve joined up with them once he had put the suit in Tony’s workshop.
“This message is for Captain America,” the woman started, and Steve stiffened. “By now I assume you’ve watched the livestream and seen your husband and son. They’re okay for now. So, what happens next is up to you. Give us what we want and we’ll send you the coordinates to pick him up. If you refuse, or try something else, then I will kill them both. The first request I think will be easy for you. 5 million dollars. I’m sure Stark won’t even miss it, will you?” She turned slightly and he shook his head minutely. “The second request involves Shield, but I think if anyone can get this done you can, Captain. They recently picked up a friend of ours, Victor Graves. We’d like him back. If you agree to this exchange you can leave him here when you pick up these two.” She moved out of the frame and the camera zoomed in on Tony. Off camera the woman said, “You have 10 seconds to say something.” Tony looked at her then back at the camera, looking shocked for a moment.
“You did. You did something bad and now you’re lying about it,” Steve scolded. “Look at this.” He grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled it in front of him, knocking Tony a little off balance, and pulled up the sleeve. “He’s bruised because you hit him with a hammer. Look at what you did,” Steve yelled, a little frantically, when Indy wouldn’t look.
Tony reached in to the box and pulled out the blanket. It was navy blue with small white anchors all over it. It was incredibly soft and warm. Pepper took the empty box and Tony pulled Indy more sideways on his lap and threw the blanket over the both of them.
“Yeah. She needs a place to sleep right? Bucky’s holding her now but I thought we could put this together for her and then she’d have a nice place to sleep, safe and sound. Think you can help with that?” Indy nodded agreeably so Tony handed him the screwdriver. “Hold this.” Indy moved a cracker from one hand to the other then took the screwdriver in his small grip.
“Okay, good. Thank you.” Steve wiped Indy’s face off again. “Can you do me a favor?  Tony seemed weird when he left, I want to make sure he’s okay. Can you finish up with Indy here and watch him for a few?”
“Safe,” Indy said, seeming content. Steve smiled down at him.
“Sorry.”
"I could eat," he shrugged. Steve clapped his hands together, thankful to have a task to set out and complete.
“I just don’t want you to feel obligated-“ Steve started but was immediately interrupted by Tony.
“It’s okay, kiddo. Papa’s okay.” He nudged him to sit up a bit and Bucky stood next to the bed. Steve straightened up from Tony as much as he could.
“Papa name,” Indy answered, holding the doll out toward Steve’s chest.
“We have to discuss what happened, Indy. I’m very upset right now. Daddy’s arm is really hurt.”
“I need you to, you need to leave,” Tony replied as he rocked back and forth with Luca tightly in his grip.
Tony returned after a rather large disagreement with the doctor with forms for Steve to sign to be released against medical advice.
“Hi,” Tony whispered, closing his eyes to the sensation.  Steve pulled him close by wrapping his arms around his back and hugging tightly.
“Don’t be jealous, Steve. I can add both to yours too,” Tony replied with a smirk. Steve leaned over and kissed his cheek.
“JARVIS, let us know if he gets off that chair? Come on, let’s go into our room for a sec,” Tony said. He pushed Steve gently with a hand on his back. Once they shut the door behind them Steve slumped.
“Sweetheart, what’s wrong?” Tony sat next to him and put a hand on his thigh. Steve flinched and pulled away. “Hey, okay, sorry. I won’t touch. Can you tell me what’s happening?” Steve shook his head.
A few seconds passed and Jarvis spoke again. “He said he has a gift for the baby and he’ll be really quick.” Steve stood quickly, looked once more at Tony whose eyes were still closed, and went to the door. He pulled it open and Peter stood there all smiles with a gift bag in his hand.
“Shh, quiet voice okay? Don’t wanna wake the baby,” Tony told him.
“If you want him back to sleep with just let me know.” Bucky leaned back, kicked his feet up again and put the llama on his chest. Indy looked pleased with that and Tony smirked.
“He was sick in his bed,” Steve told Bucky. “It was on his chest, I just thought a warm bath would clean him and make him feel better but obviously not and now he’s just making himself worse,” Steve said frantically.
“You wanna hold him?” Bucky asked as they climbed in the back of the jet. Steve looked nervous for a second but then nodded.
“Will do, sir,” the AI replied.
"Will do, boss." FRIDAY replied.
Natasha sighed. “Then go take a shower. How long as it been? And put on clean clothes. I won’t take no for an answer.” She looked at him as if daring him to argue. It had been two days since he last showered and even then he just jumped in and out so it did sound like a good idea, though he didn’t voice that.
Indy nodded and then cuddled into Tony’s side. Then got up and knelt on Tonys lap to be able to face him. “Still Da,” he said, patting Tony’s chest over the arc reactor. “Forever.”
“And Indy because...?” Tony prompted.
Tony took a step back. “What?”
“Yeah, ‘ponsibil-ly.” Indy nodded knowingly. Bucky smiled warmly at him. He grabbed the little pastel pink clip-on bow tie and clipped it on the collar of Indy’s shirt.
“This isn’t real, Buck. Stop it,” Steve glanced away, tears now flowing freely.
“Thank you for your apology,” Bruce replied. “Just so you know, I would never hurt your Papa or your Daddy or you or any of our friends, okay?” Indy nodded hesitantly. Bruce clapped his hands on his thighs and then stood up. “I’ll check back tomorrow, Steve. Any problems before then though just call for me.” Steve and Tony thanked him and he let himself out. Tony went to sit next to Steve on the sofa.
“Well, now we know. We’ll plan something for him.” Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and squeezed it comfortingly. Steve nodded.
“Wow, I would not wanna be you when we get back, Stark,” Natasha added through the comm.
“Why’s my Tater Tot crying, huh?” He stepped behind Steve to see Indy’s face.
“Get a good nights sleep,” he said as he stood up and let Bucky come forward.
“Uh huh, and that face is cute but it’s not going to work on me, kiddo.” Bucky took the bag and  picked Indy up and walked him over to his timeout seat. He could see Steve and Tony in the kitchen straight through from the living room.  “I’ll come back in a few minutes when your time is up.” He heard Indy huff as he walked away but he kept going til he reached Steve and Tony.
Steve walked down nervously a short time later. Tony felt a little smug that he at least wasn't comfortable at the moment.
Tony looked at the first table they came across of tiny folded t-shirts. “Looks like it goes by age right?”
“Steve,” Bucky called quietly. “Thanks.” Steve nodded and closed the door softly behind him.
“She was,” Nat said, smiling and running her hand over Poppy’s head.
“I’m gonna head back to bed, I think you got this covered now,” Bucky said from the doorway.
“He bit you? Are we just glossing over that?” Steve asked.
"This is a start," Bucky encouraged. "It's good." Tony smiled and went back to the arm. Bucky saw Steve looking at him and knew he caught the tail end of that conversation with his serum enhanced hearing. Bucky winked. Steve smiled softly and went back to his lunch.
“Uh, Indy,” Bucky started but the little girl cut him off.
Steve came back with Bruce and they joined the two men in the living room. “Hey, guys,” Bruce greeted and they said hello back.
Bucky passed Tony on the way out of the room and Tony dropped himself back on to the sofa. Steve joined him and pulled him over so Tony was leaning against his chest. “He’s really worried,” Steve murmured.
“Hey, why don’t you go take a nap?” Natasha said, as Steve passed by the back of the sofa for the tenth time. He looked at her incredulously. “I’m serious,” she replied. “If they message us this will all be over soon but we will need to go and get them. You need to be alert and strong and right now you’re a mess.”
“Super soldier DNA,” he said out loud as he saw that heading on one of the screens. “So she was created the same way,” he said to Bucky.
“All right, Bucky. I’m going to help him get dressed, can you take Indy to the waiting room and we’ll meet you in a few minutes?” Bucky agreed and gently bundled Indy and his blanket into his arms without waking him and left the room. Tony helped Steve swing his legs off the side off the bed but kept him sitting. Tony cupped his boyfriends face with his hands. “You don’t know how relieved I am that you’re here. And that I get to take you home.” He pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead and held him there for a minute, collecting himself.
"And how would Bucky know this?" Tony looked at him pointedly.
Steve started wiping her down with the wet wipes from her belly button down to her knees to make sure he got all traces of urine. She whined and tried to turn around to face Tony. “Hold on, almost done,” Steve told her. He patted her dry with the clean tissues. “Okay Tony, turn her around.” Tony picked her up so her feet were resting on his chest and he held her up in front of his face as Steve washed down her backside.
“What’s gotten into you, huh?” Steve asked the boy, glancing back to see that Tony was still standing in the same spot avoiding eye contact.
The table had an Avengers tablecloth over it with Avengers paper plates, cups, napkins and party hats set at each place setting. A banner saying ‘happy birthday’ was hanging on one wall and there were a couple more balloons scattered throughout the living room.
“Hawky!” Tony exclaimed. They all laughed.
Steve sighed.
“That’s right, buddy. Let’s go see,” Steve replied. They brought him to the living room where the previous night they set up his gift on the coffee table. Indy gasped and struggled to get down once he caught site of it so Steve placed him on his feet. He immediately went to and grabbed the plush which was an orange cat holding a red heart.
“No,” Indy cried out instantly.
He found Steve still in the bathroom. He leaned against the doorway arms folded across his chest. “Having an existential crisis or,” he trailed off with a shake of his head.
“Da, ah-ma,” Indy said looking to Steve.
“That’s okay. Either way I’m just glad we found her. She can be safe now. Indy will be thrilled,” he said smiling up at Tony. Steve’s phone beeped and he pulled it out quickly. “It’s Fury, I have to update him.” Steve stepped to the other side of the jet as Clint and Natasha came back.
“Da!” Indy replied, excitedly pointing to the soft antlers sticking out from the top of his light brown fuzzy hoodie.
“Tony,” Steve muttered and reached out. Tony stepped closed and Steve was pulling at his shirt so Tony leaned in to hug him. Tony turned his head and kissed Steve’s neck and Steve cried harder. Tony tried to stand up but Steve held on.
The diaper rash was pretty bad but it was clear that Tony had been doing all he could to keep him as clean and dry as possible. There were bruises near his armpits where the captors roughly grabbed him so often. Steve’s jaw clenched seeing what they did to his young son but he kept his touch light and soothing.
“No,” Indy mumbled through the cushion. Steve picked hm up under the arms and sat him properly on the cushion.
“Good thing he’s got a blanket, huh?” Tony replied, fingering the washcloth wrapped around the llama.
“I kinda yelled when it happened. I mean it hurt like a bitch. I definitely swore. Not AT him,” he hurried to add. “But then I did yell at him. And he told me he hated me. Now you’re caught up.”
“Then I gave him a bath and, as I previously stated, he wont let go of the llama or the blanket, so I had the blanket draped outside the tub so he could still hold the corner in his fist and the llama sat on the ledge on the other side and basically I had to wash around them. All while he cried of course, because he still hates baths.” Tony sighed at the memory.
“Buppy hurt?” Bucky held back a laugh.
“Tony. Nothing could ever make me not want you. I love you more than anything.” He pulled Tony on to his lap, thinking they both needed the contact. Tony curled into him instantly. “I’m always going to be here for you, baby. I promise.”
“Erk-op?” Indy tried repeating.
“Yeah, all three of us can spend the rest of the day together, okay?” Steve chimed in. Indy smiled. “First, we have to get you changed. There’s smoothie all over you.” Steve poked his shirt.
“What?” Steve said loudly, exasperated. “Jesus, Tony. I didn’t say anything like that and frankly It’s insulting that you even think you still have to say that to me.” He sidestepped Tony and picked Indy up off the ground from where he was still curled up mid-tantrum. He wanted to leave the workshop, take his son and go upstairs, calm him down and get some space from Tony but he knew that would make things worse in the end. He carried Indy to the sofa instead, the small boy letting his whole body go limp so it was hard for Steve to keep a good grip on him. “Indy,” he huffed quietly. He plopped him down on the sofa and sat next to him.
Tony smiled sadly. “Yeah, sweetheart. I love her because she’s cute and she’s a sweet baby and she needs all of us to help take care of her right? But she’s not mine. You’re my baby. Me and Papa love you so much. Being your dad is the best and I will never ever give that up. I’m sorry that I made you feel sad, though. Maybe we can spend the rest of the night together here, huh? We’ll watch this movie and cuddle?” Indy nodded quickly. “Okay,” Tony gave him another kiss, on top of his head this time, and then put him back on the bed. “I’m going to go get your snack and talk to Papa I’ll be right back, okay Peanut?”
“I know. I’ll talk to the doctor in a little while, see if we can’t get you out of here before bedtime, okay?” Steve nodded. “You ready to see Indy?”
“I never had a life like that. And it was only, what, weeks?” Steve nodded. “Everything you did for me, the bedtime stories, the baths, cutting the crust off my sandwich’s, the teddy bear. Even the timeout. Jesus, Steve, you were perfect.” Tony put his hands on Steve’s knees. “Thank you.” Steve smiled and had his own tears now.
“Tony,” he started.
“I’m not going anywhere I just have a better idea, let go for one sec.” Steve reluctantly released his hold and Tony climbed on the bed with him. “Can you scoot over just a little?” Steve did and Tony situated himself so he was higher up on the bed than Steve. Once he settled he opened his arms and Steve leaned into him, his head now pillowed on Tony’s chest and his arms around his waist holding tight. Tony brought one hand up to card through Steve’s hair and the other held the arm that was resting against his stomach. “I’ve got you.” Steve hissed as Tony’s fingers trailed over a sore spot on the back of his neck. “Sorry, sorry.” Tony looked down and the parts of Steve that he could see not covered in clothing or the blanket and winced. There were cuts and bruises everywhere. He knew the serum would kick in once the drug wore off but he had to be hurting a lot now.
“Hey, Tator Tot. This is our friend, Happy. Can you say hi?” Indy looked over but then hid his face on Steve’s shoulder. He waved his little hand out behind him in greeting instead. Happy laughed and opened the back door.
“This is something I thought about. Doing it right this second was a whim but not the question. I love you. We have a son together. I don’t think either of us are going anywhere. I want to be your husband. I want you to be mine. If you don’t want to answer right now you don’t have to. I know I sprung this on you. I’m happy with what we have, nothing has to change but I do want that. At some point.” Tony looked down, waiting for Steve to say something.
“They’ll fix him up. That’s what he needs now.” He gave a reassuring smile to Indy who was looking up at him from his lap.
“Well, you’re welcome anytime, you know that. You’re a good big bro.” Peter blushed at that and shrugged. Steve leaned into him.
“Well. You know how Dad adopted you? He already loved you but he had to fill out paperwork to make it official? So everyone would know he was your dad, right?” Indy nodded, sitting up now, and watched Steve interested. “It’s like that. Me and Daddy already love each other and we’re a family, but this makes it official.”
“Did it hit you?” Steve asked, shocked.
“Then, and again this is hard to interpret from what he is able to put into words, but, I believe he was saying that they would do tests or experiments on him. I’m fairly certain they took many blood samples from what he mimed on his arm. He said they were scary and that’s when he started getting the most upset. There were other things I’d like to delve further into that I can’t quite understand yet based on his descriptions but I think that for an introduction it went well.” She closed her notebook and sighed.  “I know these sessions can be difficult not only for the patient but for the family. It’s not easy. There’s no question about that but I do think it’s the right thing to do and I hope you’ll continue. I’d like to help as much as I can.”
Steve smiled. “Hey, sweetheart.” He offered his finger and she grabbed on immediately with one hand, her other one still fisted in Tony’s t-shirt material.
Steve shrugged. “He won’t be thrilled at first but you’re not leaving the building with him and there’s no one he’d trust more with him, other than me, than you. Can you come by around noon? He’ll just have woken up from his nap and eaten so he’ll be good to go for a little bit.”
“Sir, James Barnes just entered the lobby and is requesting to see Captain Rogers.”
Steve smiled sadly. “You’re not. You’ll be helping her so she can get better.”
“Well, it means a lot to me. Knowing he exists officially, you know? Like it’s more real now. Like he’s not going to be taken away somehow,” Steve said softly. Tony leaned in to his side as he nodded.
Tony awoke to a hand being smacked into his face. He abruptly sat up, getting his bearings before really focusing on what happened. Indy was sitting next to him wrapped in his blue blanket and llama in his arms, wide awake.
“Yeah, I’m here,” Bucky soothed.
“No.”  Indy looked up at Tony sadly and then down to the ice pack that was still sitting on his arm. He reached out and touched the ice pack gently with one finger. “Da get better?”
When the nurse came out she said Tony could only have 2 visitors at a time.
“That is blue. Good job, sweetheart.” Steve placed a kiss to the top of his head.
“Ah,” Luca squeaked, grabbing one of Steve’s fingers and holding it in a tiny fist. Steve smiled down at him.
“Punk.” And with that he left the room.
“It’s all buckled in and ready to go,” he gestured to the car seat.
Steve put his feet up onto the coffee table so Tony would be able to lean back slightly on his bent knees. He put his finger in Luca’s gripped and the boy held on tight as he drank nestled in the small space between his fathers chests.
“I was happy before. But now I’m extra, extra, extra happy.” He kissed the top of Indy’s head.
Tony smiled brightly. “Definitely. Merry Christmas, darling.”
“How old is he?” Steve asked quietly after a moment. Tony moved to open the file but Bucky answered before he had to.
He shrugged. “M’okay. I rested,” Tony said defensively.
He slumped forward slightly when the resistance was suddenly gone and Steve steadied him. Luca wasn’t getting anymore milk and he started grumbling and whining. “All right, time to go. I’m going to carry you, okay? You just keep holding our baby.” Tony nodded and leaned forward a little so Steve could get his arms around him. He picked him up in a bridal carry and Luca stayed snuggled against Tony’s chest. Tony rested his cheek against Steve’s shoulder and his forehead was pressed into Steve’s chin. His breath shuddered as he started to cry again. “I’ve got you, Bubba. It’s okay now, you’re gonna be fine.” Steve kept up the chatter and by the time they made it out of the building, Tony had fallen asleep.
“I’m not going anywhere, Tony. Promise.” He tried to push Tony away a little to get a look but Tony must have taken that as rejection because he tightened his hold and whined. “Okay, okay, shh. I promise everything’s okay, sweetheart. I’m not sure what’s upsetting you. You gotta talk to me so I can help.”
“You were just going to keep that information to yourself then?”
“Thanks,” he whispered. Tony nodded.
“I do love you, Tony. I’m glad I had the chance to take care of you like that.” He grabbed Tony’s hands on his knees and interlocked their fingers. He leaned forward and kissed Tony’s forehead. Tony leaned into it and they stayed like that for a minute gathering themselves. Steve finally pulled away first, needing to make sure Tony was okay.
“I’m gonna grab my gear from the kids room and then go back to my rooms and shower and change. I’ll check in on you later.”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed, standing. “We can bring this into the room you’ll be sleeping in.” Steve stood up, scooping up the whole bassinet in arms and leaving the room with Bucky. Tony slid down onto the cushion next to his son.
“Can we go now?” Tony asked him nervously.
Bucky sent it to Steve and Tony with the message, “We’re ready. See you out there.” Steve replied immediately with 10 heart emojis. And then a second later a crying emoji. Tony sent a laughing emoji, presumably at his fiancé.
“Papa was just telling me you don’t feel well?” He began. Indy nodded. “You’re tummy still bothering you?”
"What's the catch?" Steve asked suspiciously.
“I’m not going anywhere. Neither is Indy.” Steve cupped the side of Tony’s face, holding him as he snuggled in close. “You’re his dad too. I just thought I should say all this because you were acting different, I don’t know,” Steve trailed off.
“Ah,” Bucky exclaimed, quickly letting go and pulling back. “Your dad’s hurt, okay?” he spat, turning to face the boy. “He’s hurt and I need to go help your Papa and this is taking up time I don’t have right now so you need to stop acting like this. Get in the car,” he ground out.
“I tried to take Luca from him because he hasn’t put him down since they got back. It’s been over 24 hours. He slept with us, which is fine I wanted him close, too. He bathed with Tony. He won’t let me hold him, he won’t put him in his crib. I just told Tony that he should eat lunch and let me hold the baby and he got upset.” Steve shrugged. “I shouldn’t have pushed him. They’ve both been through a lot. I just want to hold my kid. But, I tried to take him off Tony’s lap and he told me to get out.” Steve wiped his eyes on the back of his sleeve. “I can’t lose them,” he muttered.
Tony huffed. “Can I feed him?” He asked cautiously, to which they smiled at him.
“Come in,” he heard the other man reply right away. Steve stepped in and closed the door behind him, walking up to the one of the chairs opposite of Tony’s desk.
Tony shook his head and laughed. "Okay, well, pause it. I need you to try this on." He held the arm out to Bucky who took it gratefully, snapping it back into place. "Flex your fingers, bend your wrist."
“We’ll be right outside,” Tony replied with a hand on Steve’s back for a moment. “Have fun, Tater Tot.” Tony kissed the boys cheek and Indy waved his hand happily toward Tony and Bucky as Steve sat with the boy in his lap.
Steve sighed. “I wasn’t keeping it from you. He’s been home a week and this is the first time it’s been needed. I didn’t think of it before,” Steve answered trying to keep his voice even and calm.
"I'm sure its a million times worse for you," Bucky said honestly. "And I'm not defending him. At all. But it might help both of you move on if you can just talk a little."
To be fair, Tony did behave. They had gone to buy decorations together but Steve honestly believed that Tony would have ordered more without his knowledge, but he hadn’t. Everything was Avengers themed which Steve had resisted at first but Tony thought it would be funny and since Indy didn’t really have any interests yet they had to pick something for him.
“Yeah,” he nodded, giving a Tony a look that he hoped conveyed that they’d talk later. “Indy picked out a new friend so he’s going to buy that and his favorite shirt, right?” As if Tony didn’t have a carriage overflowing with stuff behind him. He bounced the boy in his arms and Indy nodded fervently.
He didn’t miss the message because it didn’t come until well into the evening. JARVIS announced that he had received it and Steve told him to read it out loud. The instructions told them that the coordinates would be delivered the following day. They were to bring Graves to that location and leave him in the designated spot. Tony and Luca were in a locked room that could only be opened remotely and would only be opened once the captors verified Graves was safely away from them.
“He’s sick, Steve. He didn’t eat enough, he’s lost weight I can tell, and he has a rash and he’s-,” Tony choked on a sob. Then, just realizing that he didn’t have to follow his captors rules anymore, and so quickly that Steve barely had time to react, Tony started maneuvering Luca with his free arm. Steve put both hands out to help.
"Tony," Steve started, expecting to be shut down but Tony stayed quiet. Bucky put his hand on Tony's shoulder and rubbed his thumb there for a second before dropping it back to his own lap. "I'm so sorry. I hate myself for how I treated you. Everything I did, none of that should have happened and I certainly should never have physically hurt you." Steve took a deep breath and continued. "I could have killed you. Almost did, and there's no excuse for that. I can't...I don't even know how it came to that, Tony. I'm so fucking sorry, I miss you so much." Steve's voice broke as he finished that sentence. "You might not ever want to see me again after you finish with his arm, and I wouldn't blame you for that. But, regardless of what happens from now on I promise I will never hurt you again. And I really am truly sorry." Steve swiped the back of his hand against the tears that threatened to spill from his own eyes.
“Where?” Indy asked nervously, slowly reaching for Bucky.
The money had been transferred smoothly on the second day when Tony’s captors sent a link to an off-shore bank account in which JARVIS could deposit the 5 million dollars, even though Steve was reluctant to give them anything while they still had his husband and son.
A small sniffle sounded from below them on the sofa. Steve looked up with tears in his eyes. “You’re killing me here, I can’t even get up and hug you guys because I can’t move her.”
“You and Buck seem to be getting along,” he mentioned hesitantly. Tony huffed out a small laugh.
“Tony?” Steve looked at him expectantly.
“Yeah,” Clint chimed in from where he was standing off to the side, watching the livestream. “That kids a Stark and a Rogers so he’s not going get taken down by these assholes. Tony gets to hold him at least, that’ll comfort him some and as for the food, once he’s back you’ll more than make up for it.” Clint approached Steve and rested a hand on his shoulder. “We are going to get them back, Cap.” Steve nodded and patted Clint’s hand where it rested.
“All right sweetheart, I think its time for bed,” Steve said softly. Indy whined.
Tony propped himself up so he could make eye contact with his boyfriend. “I don’t know,” he replied honestly. “Probably?”
“I’m fine, it’s just all hitting me now, all the worry and stress from the last few days.” He shivered. Clint threw Indy’s blanket around Tony’s shoulders so he was wearing it like a cape and pulled it close against his chest. “Thanks,” Tony told him, grabbing it in both hands to hold it closed in front of himself.
That night, after putting Indy to bed, they lay side by side in their bed with Tony cuddled in to Steve’s side.
Bucky nodded. “I bought it just for you. Remember your llama story?”  Indy nodded. “Okay then look in the bag.” He tilted it so Indy could reach in, which he did and slowly pulled the small toy from the bag. Indy gasped quietly.
Steve watched as Tony closed his eyes a moment and took a deep breath. Then began to comfort their son as best he could under the circumstances.
“Wow. These are great, kiddo,” he smirked at the Iron man red bear and Captain America blue one.
“Hey, I’m not that little,” Peter protested but didn’t try too hard to get down.
“Hey, don’t be sorry. I get what you’re saying.”
“Indy birday,” he copied again. Steve kissed the top of his head and then handed him off to Tony.
"I trust you, Tony. You read them, you think they're better, I believe you."
“I’m your papa right? Because you’re my boy, you were made from part of me. And me and Tony are a couple and he became your dad because he loves you more than anything, right?”
“Buppy,” Indy answered. Steve laughed.
“Yup, we’re gonna see him soon,” he kissed Indy’s forehead and the boy smiled. Happy was there as they stepped out of the elevator and he opened the back door for them. He settled Indy in his car seat and went around to sit in the back with him.
Tony laughed humorlessly. “I’m not a super soldier, the results were never going to say I was the father.”
Steve nodded. “Good.”
Tony smiled back. “Yeah you do.”
When they returned to their floor, Steve had laid Indy down on a bed in one guest bedroom while Tony showed Bucky to the other. Tony walked in to their shared bedroom to see Steve already changing into sweats and a t-shirt.
“I see, baby,” Tony replied dutifully, not really knowing what he was trying to say about them. The doorbell rang and Steve stood up.
Indy popped the ‘P’ sound with his mouth but just made a smacking noise. Both men laughed. “Pa pa,” Tony said again slower.
“No, that’s not on you.” Tony sighed. “You’re going to be okay, that’s all that matters now.”
“Hi. You got the results?”
“He’s safe, kiddo. He’s not hurt and he’s all clean. Nothing to worry about,” Bucky told him. Steve wrapped the llama in a clean and dry washcloth as if it were a blanket and handed it to Indy. He’s gotta dry still but we can bring him out there with us, okay?”
“You ready to talk to us?” Steve asked with his hands on his hips. Tony sat on the sofa but smirked to himself at Steve’s Captain America stance.  Indy just nodded. “Good, come on.” Steve held his hand out for Indy to take and they sat on the sofa next to Tony, Indy in the middle. “Do you know why you had to have a timeout?”
Indy sees a girl with a doll at the park and really wants his own baby
Steve smiled. “That’s great, Buck.”
“Thank you for helping, Natasha. She’s eaten, I changed her diaper, and she’s dressed and ready to go. I think she should make it through the ceremony without an issue.” He crossed his fingers and shrugged.
“Wanna be good,” Tony replied hesitantly.
"I don't know," he replied truthfully. He tapped his fingers nervously on his thigh. "I need some time," he said finally.
“Well, come on in, make yourselves comfortable. There’s snacks and drinks and Indy’s doing a puzzle, so, fun times had by all,” Tony laughed. “Hey, Peanut,” Tony called once they all entered the main space. “Come say hi to our friends.” Indy was trying to bang a puzzle piece into he wrong spot with Buck patiently trying to point him to another slot. He looked up at Tony’s words and then with wide eyes at the new guests. Tony swooped in and picked him up then turned to face everyone. “You know Clint and Natasha,” he pointed. “And do you remember Pepper and Happy? Can you say hi?”
Indy was wringing the end of his shirt between his fingers and looking down. “I’m sorry,” he whimpered.
They found Bucky at the dining table trying to feed Indy some cut up bananas while the boy sat on his lap, but he was still miserably crying, albeit quietly. Steve’s brow furrowed.
“He’s okay,” Clint answered quickly. “But he may be losing his mind.”
“I do see. That’s a nice doll, huh?”
Tony smiled through his own tears, taking a second until he could speak. “I absolutely do.”
“Jesus Steve,” Tony whispered frantically with just enough awareness to keep his voice down to not wake the baby.
“Hey,” Steve said, as he got up and stood in front of Bucky. “Tony’s going to need some time, but I don’t want you to leave, okay?” He put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder and squeezed lightly. “Indy wouldn’t want that either. Not yet.” Bucky was shaking his head. “Please,” Steve insisted.
“Maybe I should have those adoption papers rushed so the kid has someone looking out for his safety,” Tony continued as he brushed past Steve roughly. Steve shoved him away causing Tony to stumble to the side a little.
“Hey,” Steve said softly. Bucky took a step back, wordlessly inviting him in. “I just wanted to see how you were doing,” he added, following his friend to the sofa.
Steve stepped forward and Tony leaned in and they kissed softly. “I love you,” Tony whispered.
Peter had been visiting for the day. He loved spending time with Luca, and with Tony away on a business trip Steve was glad for the company. Luca adored when Peter held him and played with him and Steve could use the time to get some things done.  Currently, he’s using his time to take a shower.
“I’m not trying to hurt you,” Steve sighed, but his grip still tightened slightly. “But that’s more than I can say about you. Are you trying to kill yourself? You JUST had major surgery, Tony. You couldn’t even sit up without my help and you have the nerve to jump in a suit and go out there and fight?” Steve’s voice was getting louder and Tony glanced over to the nearby living room, knowing Bucky could hear them for sure but possibly Indy too. “I almost lost you,” Steve continued, voice cracking, and he let go of Tony’s arm.
“Nope, not til Annie says it’s time. Be patient,” Steve told him with a smile toward the therapist. Then he introduced her to Bucky as well.
“Clint? What’s going on?”
“Wanna go home.” Steve turned his face so we was hide in Tony’s shirt. To soak up the tears, Tony assumed, when he started to feel a damp patch. He hugged him closer.
“Hey!” He shouted over both of them. They both fell silent, though Tony was still crying. “What the hell happened?”
“I think the willingness was there for the most part, even though he was nervous. I think the issue is really articulating what he’s been through, which he isn’t really able to do well at the moment. That’s why I think it was helpful to have Bucky here because he had some first hand experience with seeing the location Indy was held in and the things that may have happened. In some cases he was able to understand what Indy was trying to describe, when I wasn’t.”
“JARVIS can you make a list on my phone of everything we mentioned today or this week that we needed?”
“Let’s go to your room, you’re going to lay down and we can talk about all this later.” Tony threw himself on to the floor crying. “Tony,” Steve whispered, exasperated. “Up,” he ordered. Tony didn’t move. Steve reached down to pick him up and Tony kicked his hands away as hard as he could. Steve snatched his hands back quickly.
“What’s great?” Tony mumbled, groggily.
Bucky pulled out his phone and called Steve back. “Hey Stevie. You hanging in there?”
“Don’ wanna,” Tony mumbled and then struggled to get down. Steve walked them away from the glass and into a clear section of the room before putting him down, but he crouched down with him and held on to his waist.
“Oh,” Tony sighed. “Yes. Papa and I are coming back. That’s why I have to go. He’s a little lost and I’m going to go find him and bring him home.” He heard his phone ping, the text from Fury with their location. Tony kissed Indy’s forehead. “Ok, here,” he gestured to Bucky to take the boy and Indy screamed.
Bucky nodded. “I just wanted to go somewhere quiet where they wouldn’t find me. Turns out I basically walked straight into Hydra but,” he paused, gesturing to the boy. “Least I got him out.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve said softly. “Just me.”
“He made one for me and Poppy too yesterday when we did these. I put it right on my nightstand,” he ruffled Indy’s hair and the boy looked very proud of himself.
“No!” Tony pulled hard to get away from him and Steve had to let go so he wouldn’t get hurt.
“Uh, what was that Cap? I can’t hear you... must be the comms... guess I’ll just finish my work here...” Tony trailed off.
“What? Tony you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m the one who’s sorry, okay? I wasn’t trying to hurt you.”
“Fine,” he answered with a shrug.
Sorry this has taken SO long! We’ve come to the end of this story BUT there will be more in the Indy universe, just separate smaller stories.
Tony sat on the floor next to his bed, pieces of the bassinet spread out before him. Indy was laying sideways across the bed so his head was slightly off the side closest to Tony so he could watch.
“Good.” Steve smiled. “Question. You were up with her all last night but where do you think we should put her down to sleep tonight?” He looked down at the baby girl currently sound asleep against his chest.
“Anything you guys need, really. I’ll be here.”
"Tony, I do care. Every decision I made back then was wrong and I wish I could change things. It just seemed like everything was against me bringing Bucky home. I didn't want to fight but I didn't like the idea of the Accords and then Bucky was a wanted fugitive, I just wanted him to be safe, for once in his life and I was blinded by it. So, we ran, and I fought...I didn't know what else to do."
“Da,” Indy repeated, leaning the side of his head against Tony’s chest.
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Tony,” Steve tried to assure him.
“Good, because I’m not going anywhere,” Steve whispered into Tony’s hair. “I love you both too much.”
Tony smiled at that, wiping the tears off his face. “Jarvis,” Tony said to himself while nodding. “Stay with ‘Teev and Bucky?”
“I’m sorry for what I said when you came down,” Tony told him sheepishly. “I know you’d never try to take him from me. I know that, I promise. He had just hit me and I yelled and he thinks he hates me then you walked down stairs and I thought maybe you had seen all that. I don’t know. Sorry, though.”
Bucky huffed a small laugh. “I have no idea. They knocked me out and I woke up on the floor here with little Tony. Wanna grab his stuff?” Bucky nodded to the pile of clothes and pair of shoes. Steve gathered it up and led the way out of the room. They made it to the Quinjet quickly, meeting up with Clint and Natasha on the way. Steve whispered a brief explanation if the looks on their faces were anything to go by but they said nothing. Clint fell back a little to fall into step with Bucky and he wiggled a finger at Tony to say hi and made a funny face at him. He turned his head to hide in Bucky’s shoulder but they didn’t miss the giggle he let out first.
“Pa,” Indy muttered, almost to himself without looking away from the scenery passing by.
“We need to talk,” Bucky replied seriously. “About him,” he nodded in the boys direction.
“No. That’s it, Nick. We’re done here. I’m sorry, I cant take any chances with him like this.”  Tony poked his head under Steve’s arm to look up at him and when Steve glanced down Tony giggled. Steve pulled him back to the front so he could hold him properly. He stood with Tony cradled against his chest. “For now, I have to get him home.” He walked out before waiting for a response and Bucky quickly followed.
“You wanna put your llama there?” Tony asked and Indy nodded. “Okay, let’s find where we left him.” He assumed it was still on the bathroom counter so he went there only to find Steve with his hands on the counter, head down, looking pretty upset. He didn’t let Indy notice that and he cleared his throat so Steve could be prepared to see Indy. “There he is, Peanut. Right where we left him. Just getting his llama, Cap.” Tony handed the llama to Indy who hugged it tight and Steve successfully avoided eye contact with his boyfriend.
“All right, I’m gonna clean up some of this mess.” Steve announced as he stood up.
Bucky woke up early but sat on his bed staring at the folder in his lap until JARVIS let him know that Tony and Steve were awake and in the kitchen. He made his way down to the communal kitchen, folder in hand. Indy was sitting on Tony’s lap at the table eating pieces of cut up fruit.
“Clint. Do you think you could do me a favor?” Steve asked.
“Hi,” Indy said then threw is face into Tony’s neck. Everyone chuckled.
“Indiana, you’re up, let’s go,” Bucky announced. Indy ran to the end of the bed, arms out for Bucky to pick him up.
-Of course, I get that! Steve replied almost too quickly. If nothing else, just let me talk to you on the phone if not in person, a few minutes, I want to tell you how sorry I am. For everything.
"This is not how I pictured spending my Tuesday, that's for sure."
“Hi Darling,” Tony whispered, coming to his side and grabbing his hand. Steve sobbed. “You’re okay. I’m here. Nothing bad happened to me or Indy, I promise. He’s out there with Bucky right now and you can see him in a little bit.”
“Buck, don’t leave. We should talk about this,” Steve pleaded.
Indy nodded. “No sick.” Steve smiled.
Bucky walked back to the waiting room and called Happy who answered the phone almost immediately.
Steve looked so hopeful that Bucky had a hard time finding a reason to say no. Plus, he wasn’t exactly ready to say goodbye to Indy yet if he was honest with himself.
“What are you doing to this kid?”
Tony worked another hour on the arm before needing Bucky to test out the sensors with it on.
Bucky narrowed his eyes. “He’ll be here for both of us,” Bucky reassured him. “He’s probably looking for you more than me, I bet,” Bucky joked, though little Tony wouldn’t understand. Steve and Tony had started dating a few months previous after way too long dancing around each other. Steve would be frantic looking for his boyfriend right about now.
“It’s adorable. Where’d you get that from?”
“Hi Indy,” Bucky replied quietly, Poppy still sound asleep on his chest.
Steve came in and plopped down into the chair next to Indy with a grocery store bag that he dropped on the table.  “So, Indiana. Your next Christmas’sy thing to learn about is,” he rooted around in the bag til he found what he was looking for and pulled out a container, “hot cocoa!” He place the container on the table then pulled out a bag of marshmallows and a box of candy canes. “It’s a drink,” he explained. “You wanna try it now?”
Steve sighed. “You sure did. And you’re going to be punished for that.” Tony looked up at him sharply. “But,” Steve continued quickly, “You’re not going to get hit or spanked. Just a time out.” Steve stood up with Tony in his arms bringing him to the corner of the living area where there was a comfy wing chair in a small sitting area. He turned the chair a little so it was angled toward the wall. “All right, Tony.” He sat the boy on the chair. “I want you to sit here for 5 minutes because what you did was unacceptable and you can’t get away with behavior like that without consequences. You’re not bad, but you weren’t acting like the good boy I know you are.” Tony was leaning forward toward Steve who was crouched in front of the chair and it took all Steve’s willpower to not scoop him up again.  He put his hands on Tony’s shoulders and pushed him up straight again. “I want you to think about how you acted today. Breaking things, yelling, hitting. I never want to see you act like that again, so think about that and I’ll be back in 5 minutes.” He stood up quickly before changing his mind.
By the time Pepper and Rhodey arrived and had talked to the doctor Indy was looking more worried. “Here, Steve. Let me take him.” He pulled Indy into his arms as Rhodey and Pepper came over. “You guys talk, we’re gonna go grab a snack.”
When they got back to the tower Steve stomped out of the elevator in search of Tony who he ran into in the hallway. Tony immediately turned to stalk off in the other direction.
An hour later Steve received 3 texts and a phone call in quick succession. Steve picked up on the second ring.
