there was a smoky fragrance of fire burning amongst a pile of wood.
Dean laughed obnoxiously. “Let me see, how can I explain this to someone as inferior as you? Okay, it’s not fucking rocket science. Lucifer, your mate, abuses you. And I don’t know about you but you’re a shit liar when it comes to covering up his handiwork. Come on, Cas, giving me that lame ass excuse that you’re
Just the way Dean liked it.
Lucifer snarled viciously, tightening the collar around Castiel’s neck, enjoying the sight of his Omega being choked to death. “I’m sorry, what did you say, pussycat?”
Dean fastened his lips onto his mother’s thick red nub, moaning in pleasure as the warm liquid landed on his tongue. “You taste so good, mommy.”
Dean felt as if he were run over by a freight train, defeated and pathetic, but the Alpha couldn’t allow Castiel to leave like this, not right now. “You know, you could just stay here for the rest of the day. We could annoy the shit out of Bobby and Rufus. And hey, I can teach you a few tricks about cars. It could be fun.”
There was a high chance that the Omega was still sleeping and the Alpha was just ruining the Omega’s morning. Maybe it was just too early for all this romantic shit.
Sam hated the changes made in the company, it was disrespectful to all the Omegas who worked hard to reach the position they were in only to be reduced down to their prior stereotypes of being maids and cleaning up after an Alpha’s mess. Sam brought up his opinions to his father and like always, they had a heated argument and nothing was resolved.
and looked down at his sleeping baby brother. Castiel snorted as he wiped off the stream of milk running down Dean’s chin.
Yeah, pathetic, Castiel knew. From a young age, the Omega had a rebellious spark, it flamed with bright red colors and stung like the sharpest blade every created. But after 18 years of being abused, raped, beaten, and used. Well… that dangerous spark eventually died and nothing else remained besides taking every beating with no complaint.
Jack frowned at the Alpha’s questions. “Well, he didn’t say anything about you but he did seem very sad today. I think he was crying a lot; his eyes were puffy and swollen. But to make him happy, I invited him to hang out with me and he said yes!”
Of course, The Winchester Company has been owned through a bloodline of Alphas bearing the Winchester name with pride and an overgrown ego. The Winchester family has been known to mate with Omegas with a background glimmering with a well-known title along with wealthy roots that reached through secret rooms stashed with crispy new green bills of money.
The Alpha brought his hand towards his face and saw clear bite marks that tore through his bandages.
Both Bobby and Rufus replicated the gesture of a chef’s kiss.
A nicer cage compared to the broken-down dump they had back in the city. The Omega should have been happy but he wasn’t. Instead, Castiel was impatiently fearing the new memories waiting to be made. Ones that involved scars, bruises, bites, and blood. The Omega took his eyes away from the house and looked up at the sky, the afternoon colors of the sun were bleeding in various tones of red, pink, purple, and orange.
The two boys stayed quiet for a bit until Dean spoke up again. “I think it’s illegal how hot our mom looks in his work uniform.”
That was it.
Dean snorted, unbuttoning his suit jacket and rolling his eyes at his younger brother. “Sammy. Keep talking like that and dad’s gonna beat the hell out of you.”
, there will be litters and litters of pups.
Cas, you didn’t do anything wrong. In fact, I think it’s impossible for you to do something that would make me not want to see you again. Don’t leave. I couldn’t answer the door because these past few days I’ve been… sick. Ya know, feeling like shit and what not.”
Dean clumsily tossed the cup of coffee into the sink, vaguely aware that the cup broke into a million pieces, not that the Alpha could actually give a shit at the moment while sprinting towards the front door like an adorable dog chasing after its favorite toy.
Dean became feral; his muscles were tensing, his hands were balling into fists, his teeth were morphing into lethal canines, the sharpness of his canines were enough to cause fatal wounds if Dean decided to rip out the Alpha’s throat with them, something he’s itching to do right now, and the suffocating scent of enraged madness was permeating throughout his bedroom.
The Alpha couldn’t handle it anymore, Dean became
With a ravenous grunt, Dean passionately kissed the Omega while snapping his hips, pounding Castiel so good that the Omega was gorgeously wrecked. Each thrust was violent and intense, Castiel was constantly jerked forward, his nipples rubbing against the mattress while his insanely cute balls were getting beaten by Dean’s fatter ones.
Sam’s lips were equally as full as Dean’s, a shade darker than his older brother but nevertheless incredibly alluring and Castiel craved to leave a wet trail of his tongue over the Alpha’s lips. Sam held the Omega’s gaze, intensely staring at the way Castiel’s lips trembled as the Alpha carnivorously licked his lips, snarling rabidly as the Omega chased after his tongue.
“Yes, I’m fine.”
Great, well, this was fucking embarrassing. So, the whole fantasy of fucking Castiel wasn’t real. It was all in his head. How pathetic. So, while he was high on fucking the Omega, the Alpha was actually sweet talking to himself, groping the air, biting through his knuckles, making out with the pillow, and fucking the sheets.
What felt like years which was in actuality, just a few seconds, Castiel inhaled deeply and opened his eyes. There were small specks of black circles scintillating through his eyesight when his vision adjusted to their surroundings. Then Castiel allowed his eyes to look over at the people walking in the streets, making eye contact with a few couples and smiling in return when they waved a friendly ‘hello’ to him.
Dean felt his heart breaking at the tone of Castiel’s response, did the Omega really believe that he didn’t deserve to be asked a simple question like
Bobby sighed, starting to head back to work on the car he was fixing. “I hope that boy knows what he’s doing.”
Rufus came closer to the younger Alpha. “The waitress here is a goddamn angel. This Omega is what you call a nice cup of refreshing water. Boy, I would have loved to have mixed my chocolate with his vanilla goodness. Best believe, our litter of pups would have been gorgeous.”
Luckily, the Omega’s petite cabin which was located in a quiet area amongst the forest trees was only twenty minutes away, a small gift given to the Omega by his older Alpha brother, Gabriel. Castiel managed to reach the diner, joining the chaotic rush of employees cleaning tables, rearranging chairs, prepping the kitchen, placing a menu on every table, and making the diner exceptionally perfect for their boss.
The Omega would fall. The hunted always do.
Dean was about to interrupt Castiel when the Omega snarled wrathfully, pointing an accusatory finger at the Alpha. “You have no idea who I am so don’t you
The Alpha closed the distance between them, chest to chest while Dean ghosted his thumb over Castiel’s lower lip, mindful of keeping the touch as tender as possible. “Do I really have to spill the entire tea for you?”
Sam chuckled. “I know. Look, keep an eye on the Omega. I don’t like the idea of him being alone with that Alpha either.”
Castiel, that’s a very pretty name. It’s as pretty as you are. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you before, are you new in town?”
Dean walked up towards Sam, shoving a finger into the Alpha’s muscular chest and snarling lowly. “Just because it isn’t my business doesn’t mean I’m not going to stick my nose into it… yet.”
Castiel’s eyes glittered over the Alpha’s features again, this time, taking notice of the powdery mist that made up Dean’s dusky freckles. They scattered across the Alpha’s nose, fanning out to his cheekbones and becoming lighter around his cheeks. It was a beautiful sight, one that the Omega couldn’t resist touching for those caramel-colored freckles were making Castiel break out into a pink blush.
Sam gently released Castiel, taking a few steps back and letting the Omega breathe. “Dean.”
“Stop what?”
that Dean has been waiting for, his future mate, his
The Omega was dressed in a blue romper; the outfit was decorated with shimmering white polka dots, ocean blue sleeves were snuggly showing off half of Castiel’s lean biceps, the silky fabric was perfectly tight against the Omega’s slender body, Castiel’s thighs were entirely bare, no thanks to the bottom part of the romper that was excessively flirtatious in its means of displaying the Omega’s distractingly long legs.
The Omega was gifted with pitch black strands of ebony hair, they shined like the feathers belonging to a raven. The stark contrast of Castiel’s wickedly black hair with his shimmering pallid skin made the Omega mysterious, dangerous, alluring, and bewitching. The need to feel Castiel’s hair was making Sam and Dean’s fingers twitch with primitive longing.
It was utterly and tragically beautiful. “What? Bad time? Um, no.
John stood up, fixing his tie. “Now, there’s no doubt that my company is thriving. I believe changing my father’s way of running things was for the best. The whole nonsense of believing in the personal touch is overrated. My beliefs are simple: set everything in order and forcefully designate those to their
Then when Castiel had his fill of checking out the Alpha’s ridiculously large body, the Omega would then bashfully stare at Dean’s handsome features. Green eyes, full lips, and dark olive skin. Castiel didn’t mean to stare like a total weirdo but the Omega has never met such a stunning Alpha like Dean before. And perhaps Castiel let himself be carried away by Dean’s attractive looks, for when the Omega came back to himself, he’d notice the Alpha staring at him, causing Castiel to become
if they don’t speed up the process of fucking each other right now, then Dean might just end up nutting himself in his own pants. “Ou, if you’re into that, I don’t mind begging for it.”
but growled when he noticed Castiel’s ass being perfectly accentuated with the tight fabric leaving very little to the imagination. “Our mom’s ass is the finest creation on earth. Second being pie.”
They really had it bad for their mommy.
And as if his body couldn’t handle anymore musky scents, the Omega detected hints of pure gasoline. There were snippets of car oil jostling within the car engine, muddy traces of black grease, sweat glimmering underneath the afternoon sun, and dirt embedded into the Alpha’s skin. All these aromas being inhaled were thick, heady, and overwhelming, pushing Castiel to unveil how needy and desperate he was to drown in the ocean of scents that Dean so unashamedly presented to the Omega.
Sam’s eyes widened at the amount of money being offered to them while Dean’s beer fell to the ground.
Even better, Dean could murder the Alpha for even thinking that he had the absolute right to lay his abusive hand on
damn far away.
Dean gave a firm nod, though curiosity was clawing at his throat. “What about your youngest? This Castiel, isn’t he on the menu too?”
way Castiel said his name was like hearing the wistful symphony of flower petals moving against the wind.
This Omega was perfect and his lips,
Dean wanted to stop, he really did, but his Alpha instincts were taking full control. “Is that what you do with Lucifer? Play the victim? Is that some sort of a kink that you guys got going on? Or maybe that’s what you like, being defenseless and weak. I mean, you are an Omega and every slut that counts for your vulgar race were meant to be on their knees, taking an Alpha’s cock and never complaining.”
Chuck began to introduce the Winchesters. “Gabriel, this is Sam and Dean. Remember you told me that you wanted rent boys for your birthday well —“
he needed to be far away from here as possible. Castiel was running down the street when he heard Dean shouting after him, repeating his name.
an image popped into the Alpha’s head. Dean could picture the Omega naked, water droplets hitting his skin and —
Dean could have melted right then and there, the Omega’s voice,
Castiel huffed in annoyance. “Gabriel! What job?!”
The Omega brightened up; his happiness was just as blinding as the morning rays of the sun. “Really?”
After what seemed like forever, Dean stopped and snarled vehemently at everyone watching, preening at the fear everyone had towards him and to remind everyone of their place, the Alpha released a bestial sound. The sound ripping from Dean’s throat was barbarous and authoritative, every rogue demon came to their knees and lowered their heads.
It was too much for him, the Alpha could feel the stinging wave of fuming tears threatening to spill down his cheeks but Dean would not cry; not because he was trying to remain manly and indestructible — even though that was partially the main reason — but because that wasn’t him. For too long, the Alpha believed that he was born from the threads of anger, annihilation, and self loathing.
And now, he was giving birth to a second child but this time he was alone, John was still a marine and on duty, so the person who brought the Omega to the hospital was his sweet baby boy, Dean. The contractions were getting painful by the minute, Dean — six years of age — held onto his mother’s hand and felt his small heart breaking at seeing his mommy being in horrible pain.
Dean chuckled, man, this guy was adorable. “Big boy, I’m not hearing a rejection. Do you wanna feel how hard I am for you?”
Dean snorted in disbelief. “Sam. There’s a sweet, beautiful, fucking angel-like Omega in there who’s in an abusive relationship with a butt ugly Alpha who doesn’t even have the right mind set to treat that Omega like he’s royalty. If you think I’m gonna stand here and look pretty while that…
The Alpha had no other option but to cradle his head with his damaged hands, resting his elbows on the surface of his thighs and rocking back and forth, trying to cope with the morbid violence that he just witnessed. Dean felt lost, like the way you enter a maze and after a few hours of turning every corner and changing your mind to go another direction, eventually comes the lurid realization that you’re alone and no matter how many times you scream for help, no one is going to find you.
Dean has never wanted some guy’s cock stuffed down his throat so badly before,
Dean — already thinking this was a bad idea — anxiously reached for the Omega’s hands, preparing himself in case Castiel rejected him but to his complete surprise, the Omega didn’t pull away from him. “Hi.”
Even to this day, Dean convinced himself of being a monstrous human that inherited the unspeakable traits of brutality that naturally came to him, one that he couldn’t control, even if he did try. It was no doubt that biologically he adopted this grotesque anger from his father; the constant beatings, the heavy responsibility placed onto him when he was simply a child, the pressure of being exactly like his father, and suppressing every injection of pain in order to make things easier for his little brother.
Dean was being a concerned citizen, watching over the lovely Omega by executing methods of stalking and looking into his neighbor’s window. Yeah, the Alpha wasn’t causing any trouble. Once Dean convinced himself that his actions were justified by his own protective reasons, the Alpha slipped away from his thoughts and went back to staring at the Omega.
The one person Castiel wanted was the the one person he couldn’t have.
Dean licked his lips, a rumble of chuckles slipping past his throat. “I think it’s the other way around sweetheart, we promise to leave
The Omega seemed lost, the look in his eyes was wistful and god how Dean wanted to caress his beautiful face and kiss those divine lips, releasing pheromones that made the Omega feel safe. It was taking every fiber of control embedded in Dean’s hefty muscles to stay where he was, fighting his Alpha instincts and going against the idea of entering the Omega’s house and offering himself to the beautiful Omega.
What kind of an Alpha summons a beautiful Omega like Cas to a place where he can be eaten alive by other demons? You practically offered Cas as bait and thanks to me, I managed to reach him before anybody else could hurt him. These territories belong to us and if you were smart enough to know that, you wouldn’t have left Cas alone.”
More customers.
. And that’s when the Alpha realized something so incredibly cool,
. The need to taste, to suck, to bite, to claim those lips was the only thing worth living for. The sensual passion to intertwining their lips with Castiel’s chapped and fuller ones, was becoming an uncontrollable desire that Sam and Dean were violently fighting against.
Garth lifted himself from the bed, resting his elbow on the edge of the mattress and looking at the caller ID. “Gabriel?”
They kept driving on the road until they reached a sign saying ‘one more mile to Lawrence, Kansas’.
That sounded like heaven, being in a room where a human soul — flayed and skinned — was torn apart and all anyone could see, were white walls covered in crimson red and the notion of a massacre was written with the flesh of Lucifer being scattered in every inch of that room. But as much as the Alpha wanted to drown himself into the pit of darkness embedded into his biology, Dean needed to keep it together.
The rest of the day at the repair shop was worn with a stupid smile on Dean’s super happy face, well, what the hell could he say, he was in a
Dean was not only gifted with beauty but also with the natural talent of alluring men with a simple wink or a lewd gesture that always worked with men who wanted to fuck anything with a hole. To receive shelter and food for a couple of days, Dean was subjected to the perverted charms of prosperous men who would gladly open their homes to parent-less children, if at least one of the boys were willing to give up their dignity and become submissive whores bound to the commands of their savior.
Fucking fake Castiel and becoming someone, he didn’t want to be.
. What the hell was the Alpha doing? This was wrong, spying on the Omega like this, watching the Omega getting undressed without even asking for consent.
And there it was again, the scent of fear permeating the air. Dean loved that scent; pheromones of fear were making Castiel more beautiful by the second. Dean’s black eyes were becoming darker by the second, the Alpha came closer to Castiel, inches away from tasting those plump and juicy lips —
A look of disapproval was souring Sam’s face, making the younger Alpha elbow Dean in the ribs. “Can you at least show Castiel some respect?”
Sam and Dean growled angrily, both keen on attacking Lucifer and ripping his face apart when the Omega held them back with a tight grip. Of course, the comment didn’t go unnoticed by Gabriel so the Alpha dragged Lucifer across the parking lot and tossed him onto the road where incoming cars were passing by.
, he needed this Omega right now, he was weak in the knees for the Omega, yes, Dean was fucking
“Oh, it was nothing, Cas. You don’t have to worry about me. I’m
Dean felt the small smile against his cheek, the Alpha smirked at his genius ways of being romantic. Hell yeah, Dean could be romantic if he put himself to it. Sue him. The Omega gingerly nuzzled into the crook of the Alpha’s neck, sweetly pressing a benevolent kiss against Dean’s scent gland.
The Omega smirked, mindlessly playing with the red straw in his drink. “Hm, perhaps you’re right. A lonely Omega surrounded by bloodthirsty animals who would only take advantage of me. Yes, you do have a point, maybe I should leave for my own safety.”
Adorning the walls were three gigantic windows — with gaudy frames made of gold — that sparkled with bright sunlight and a view of the green plush grass that seemed to go on for miles and miles.
The thought of the Omega’s lips becoming swollen due to Dean’s heated and desperate kisses was becoming too much for the Alpha to bear.
The Alpha growled, sighing loudly. “That’s not what I meant. I mean the bruises on your face. What happened?”
Dean snarled carnivorously,
With a single nod, Donna left to find Gabriel, leaving Sam and Dean alone with Chuck.
Castiel pulled away victoriously, watching with amusement as Dean hungrily chased after his lips. “Well, then what’s the point of giving in easily when I can enjoy seeing how far you’ll go to get my attention. So far, you’re making it hard for me to say no.”
The Omega perked up at Dean’s voice, pushing himself away from the car and displaying the most heavenly smile that put every angel in heaven to shame.
Sam snorted, turning down the music. “Correction.
rawly fragile. Dean wanted more,
How was it possible that Castiel smelled so wonderful? How the heck was it possible that Lucifer was so fucking lucky to smell the Omega everyday and not treasure him like the angel he was? Dean couldn’t understand it for the life of him but even so, many Alphas got turned off when smelling a mated Omega because their scent was surprise surprise,
The Alpha knew what was happening, it all made sense now. The way Dean was purposely seeking out Castiel’s scent throughout the day, even at the repair shop, the Alpha was hunting down that aroma to keep himself grounded and not lose control. Dean could vividly smell the fragrance; it wasn’t as intense when he scented the Omega but it was enough to tickle his nose for a bit.
“I’m going to make you mine.” The Alpha scarily replied, his voice thick with lust and deeper than dark chocolate.
We start our business days at 9 am, you know, in case if you’ve forgotten but so help me, I will slap you with this wrench if you ever come late again!”
Castiel chuckled. “Then why are you consorting with me, a human? I mean, you are a rogue demon, aren’t you?”
It was ridiculous, it seemed stupid that Dean was
Sam nodded. “Yes?”
Dean stroked the Omega’s cheek with his thumb, carefully tilting Castiel’s head to the side even more, a proper submission to the Alpha. “
And on top of that, this bar was gushing with dark, heavy, and earthy fragrances. Rogue demons, especially Alphas and Omegas, were known to have musky scents. The heavy cloud of thick aromas mixed with obscene pheromones was overpowering.
The Alpha was stuck between eating more pie and running after Castiel.
The aftermath of the war in hell was left in the destruction of Henry’s departure; Crowley’s dungeons and lairs were ransacked and destroyed, demons who were feared even by Crowley were released, and the laws of hell were broken into pieces.
cute.”
night because Dean was in a feisty mood. The older Alpha made it his duty to explicitly inform Sam that he wanted to knot an Omega. It’s been an entire week since Dean has gotten laid and tonight, the Alpha was reverting back to his primitive instincts.
. Is this a bad time?”
Castiel immediately looked up, catching the Alpha’s concerned gaze and shaking his head vigorously, cursing at himself for that was his first mistake, the Omega responded too quickly. “No. I mean — my Alpha, Lucifer, he — I’m just clumsy.”
Dean was about to respond when Rufus noticed Castiel, the older Alpha going from extremely pissed off to flirtatiously insatiable in four seconds.
But man was it hard to not suck from the main source of Castiel’s sugary scent without leaving a prominent hickey. Sure, Dean sucked at the Omega’s scent gland but it was careful and calculated, not passionate and ardent, like the way the Alpha wanted too. But
The Alpha didn’t even manage to take one step forward when suddenly Jack was standing before him, apparently stopping Dean by pressing the palm of his hands against the Alpha’s large chest. “Dean, what are you doing?”
good. Even with Castiel’s dark colored shirt, Dean could still see the inevitable outline of lean chiseled muscles and
Such a price tag was never demanded of him. But after tonight, the Alpha realized that all the anguish and misery eating him alive was nothing compared to the life that the blue-eyed Omega endured every day in that house with Lucifer. Something inside him broke, it scattered into pieces when he witnessed the display of relentless abuse against the Omega.
you but
to bury his enormous cock inside a tight crevice and popping an alarmingly huge knot that would filthily stretch the Omega’s rim, and the naked
The Alpha was hooked,
The Alpha managed to bury the beastly possessiveness overtaking his body. It was difficult and highly impossible but Dean had to do it. The Alpha didn’t want to hurt the Omega and at this point, Dean didn’t trust himself to be alone with Castiel. Maybe this was a mistake. What if the Alpha couldn’t control himself around the Omega and instead of worshipping Castiel, he’d end up hurting him?
Dean smirked. “Yes, we do. It’s always an honor to see young blood walking around these halls. But you. Oh,
But as of right now, getting out of bed was the most difficult task Dean has ever encountered. The Alpha groaned at the hassle of disentangling himself from the sheets. Once Dean’s legs were free, the Alpha slowly sat up straight on the edge of the bed, using his hands to push himself off the mattress and hearing his joints cracking in protest, every bone popping at the effort of standing up.
Castiel stopped dead in his tracks, looking back at Dean. “I’m sorry.”
Dean snarled at the pet name coming from the Alpha’s mouth. “What’s the rush, blondie? Cas doesn’t want to go with you, so piss off.”
It was hard to unseen that level of violence against an Omega, the Alpha leaned forward, looking up through the glass window and eyeing the darkened house next door. Nothing. Dean sighed, pushing himself away from the window and returning to the task of healing himself. The Alpha threw away the blood-stained cotton balls and began to apply a cream against the tender and sensitive cuts that still burned with every dab of the bottle.
litters of pups.”
Sam and Dean felt their cocks thickening by the minute, their colossal hands were forming into fists, and three words were playing in a loop inside their heads.
But Dean was better than that,
It seemed like the Omega was taking a long time to open the door, Dean checked his watch and
You see, from a young age, Sam and Dean were left as orphans. Clearly not their preferred choice but their parents, John and Mary Winchester, died in a fire, leaving the boys with no other option but to grow up quickly. Innocence of a child was stripped from their bones as the search for food and shelter became their main problem.
If you will, John was the co-president of the company. The Alpha’s position allowed him to have greater power over every employee in the company but not enough power to overthrow the president of the company. It was tradition, whenever a Winchester bared an Alpha son, by the age of 15, that small boy would be submitted to the commands of their father to learn about their family business.
The Omega growled while placing the fork against the countertop, having the decency of putting his manners to good use. “Is that what you
Dean grabbed at the lapels of Lucifer’s jacket and began to punch the shit out of him. Everyone at the bar stayed quiet as they watched Dean bloodying his knuckles and tearing Lucifer’s face apart. Sam could hear the commotion on the other side of the bar, to his curiosity, Sam looked towards the two Alphas fighting each other when he caught sight of Dean throwing an unforgiving punch and knocking the other Alpha onto the ground.
Easy submission.
Castiel’s body was sending mixed signals that eventually transformed into desperate questions, was he terrified? Was this turning him on? Should he defend himself? Should he give in? Did he want this? Did he not want this? The Omega’s mind was whirling, he didn’t know what to do, until both Winchesters began to nose at his throat, the scents belonging to either Alpha flooded past his sensitive nostrils.
The Omega swallowed down his saliva, not really knowing what to say. “He does work in the city.”
Gabriel growled, cursing loudly while picking up the fork and stabbing the leaves of green with hatred in his veins. “Castiel, this is ridiculous and
The younger Alpha smiled bashfully, “I hope he is.”
I’m sorry.
Though Bobby and Rufus had to admit that seeing the Alpha advancing onto them like they were Dean’s enemies was completely terrifying and there was a high possibility that Bobby and Rufus peed in their pants for a hot second when Dean was
That was a terrible idea.
The sound ripping through the Alpha’s throat was gruffly abrasive, ruthless and brutally savage. With nothing else to do, Dean returned home, viciously letting himself be consumed by the anger that was reddening his vision. The pain was too much, the Alpha had to stay on the sidewalk for two minutes, both hands at either side of his head while trying to lessen the discomfort in his chest.
Castiel could feel his skin crawling at the foul words being directed towards him, it was almost as if he were in the presence of Lucifer himself. “What is your problem? Why are you saying these things to me? You’re getting offended because I used the word
he reached his mate. The scent of the Omega amplified to a higher degree, making Dean dizzy with the Omega’s virginal pheromones.
it was long and sleek, barely kissing the Alpha’s neck. Sam’s hair was an array of colors; the Omega could easily lose count of how many colors he could spot, for starters, Castiel could see the light streaks of brown weaving through each strand, flutters of a soft hazelnut hue that bounced against the light, scattering rays of chestnut tones that vibrated with passion, and slivers of auburn patches that glowed in defiance.
tempting to let go of all the chains holding him down and reveling in the glory of destroying everything again. Falling back into what he knew, hurting others, even if it was just furniture.
Classy.
possessive of Castiel.
While giving Garth the next three orders, the Omega sweetly said, “I’ll be with you in a minute! Take whichever seat you want.”
The Alpha felt his stomach fluttering with dozens of butterflies, the
And before the Alpha could even process what was happening, the Omega was on his tippy toes, pressing the softest of kisses against the corner of Dean’s mouth.
Ever since Dean’s shitty behavior towards Castiel, the Alpha has been trying find the Omega for almost three hours. “Hey, Jack. Was that Cas you were walking with?”
Castiel began to walk backwards, his lower back making contact with the workbench across the room. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to touch you.”
there was an impure tension in the air, not even a heated blade could slice right through it. At this point, Gabriel and Chuck were sitting down and simply staring at them.
. Hate wasn’t a strong enough word,
The fine line of sanity was broken and Dean began to destroy everything in his room.
Castiel rubbed Dean’s cheek with his thumb, pulling the little boy closer and kissing the Alpha’s temple. “Why don’t you go meet your little brother.”
but his interest was overshadowed by the anger dripping from his voice. “What happened to you?”
Once Dean’s knuckles were completely covered in white cream, the Alpha began to take out the white bandages from the first aid kit, wrapping the delicate fabric around his colossally rough hands. The process was quite fast and after a few minutes, Dean’s knuckles were fully wrapped, safely assuring the Alpha’s high chance of healing the damaged skin he managed to tear into.
, was like devouring expired meat that was left out in the sun, just fucking gross. “I — well…”
Of course, attaining shelter and food was commonly easy but not without a price. As it is well known, nothing in this world was free. Dean, being the eldest brother, had certain childlike features that aroused the disgusting hunger buried beneath the belly of older men with unresolved tendencies of fucking a minor.
Then Dean had visions of the Omega being in the safety of his burly arms, consuming the Omega’s small frame and scenting the Omega.
Castiel snorted. “The owner is my brother and knowing him, he’d probably congratulate me or scold me for being adventurous.”
Dean blinked, his black eyes reverting back to his emerald iris’. “Lucifer. Hey buddy, you’re kind of late to the party so why don’t head back home while I bang your date. No hard feelings, of course. He’s mine.”
The younger Alpha could barely register Bobby’s words. “What?”
the Alpha’s instincts were wailing and howling inside him, desperately pushing Dean to locate Castiel’s flowery scent.
Even if Castiel was claimed, the Alpha didn’t give a shit. The Omega was perfect to him and
“So, the fact that dad gave the green light to create a new job for some poor Omega which by the way, that job ranks in the lowest level of this company, means nothing to you.”
Yet time was becoming more of a bitch by the second. Dean stopped pacing his room to look at the clock,
John smirked, “I never told you that I was a marine. Nosy much?”
Whenever the Alpha went into rut, Dean would seek out a fine baby momma on the block, using his tongue as a form of sweet talking and fucking the living shit out of them. And personally, the Alpha knew every Omega housewife on the block and Dean knew how much they would kill for a chance to cheat on their mate by riding Dean’s cock like it was the end of the world.
Since the Omega failed to answer Dean’s question, the Alpha smiled victoriously and took the opportunity to further reduce Castiel’s existence to nothing. “See Cas, no matter how many times you bat those pretty eyelashes or flash that cute smile, you can’t hide the fact that your hubby rapes you every night.”
“What do you think?”
want you talking to me again.”
. So, the hope of his sons providing large litters of grandchildren was slim but not impossible.
Lucifer was amused at the sight of a child going against him. “Kid, get out of my way.”
in the mere future when he was older and blinded by the gray lines that would eventually become black.
Dean snorted. “You know, that date of yours must be really something.”
“Just a week.”
“No need to explain, kid. Totally understand. Um, by the way, what time are you guys heading out tomorrow?”
“Fuck you.”
The Alpha didn’t understand what was happening, Dean could see that the Omega was cowering away from the person who just came in. It didn’t take long to realize that the Alpha from before, the one who mistreated the Omega, stepped into the bedroom. The Omega immediately covered himself, reaching for his shirt and placing it against his semi naked body.
Rule number one: rent boys that lived in
Damn, so what are you known as, mommy Cas?”
There it was again, the mention of Castiel. “I was told that Castiel wasn’t into rent boys.”
“Yes, now leave.”
. The soft and velvety strands of hazel colored hair mixed with various hues resembling chestnut sparks, coffee beans, and umber wood shimmered with delicate precision. The Omega could almost feel the softness of the Alpha’s hair weaving through his frail fingers, a sensation that caused Castiel’s mouth to go dry, just the thought of the Omega nosing at the Alpha’s hair while the Alpha tightly held onto his hips, growling against his throat and scenting Castiel.
Then Castiel’s eyes drifted down to Dean’s lips and
But even then, Sam would not stand for this.
With the clock striking 8:30 am, the front doors to the diner were pushed open and the owner of the diner waltzed in like he was the hottest Alpha in all of Kansas and without a beat of hesitation, all the workers greeted their Alpha boss. “Good morning, Gabriel!”
But Dean could bend the rules a bit.
Rowena covered her face in pure disbelief, taking a deep breath and showing the request they received for Sam and Dean’s services. “Dearies, either both of you are stupid little lambs who know nothing or you haven’t slept with enough men to know who this family is. The Novak’s are one of the richest and most powerful families in all of Lawrence, Kansas. And when I say rich, I mean,
swallowing down the Omega’s cock would be for another day, right now, the Alpha wasn’t in the mood for foreplay.
This family was no joke and already, Sam and Dean were nervously fiddling with their hands. The driver parked in front of the house, the sweet yet grumpy driver named Bobby, hurriedly opened the car doors for Sam and Dean. The Winchesters thanked Bobby before anxiously walking up the stairs and ringing the doorbell.
“So, you’re asking me for a one-night stand? No strings attached, kind of deal?”
The Omega blushed even harder than before, smiling widely and taking a
Well, this town was very odd. Since the Omega arrived here, there’s been two people who wanted to be his best friend, Garth and Jack. Why did they want to be his best friend? Castiel didn’t know. And besides, what was it with Castiel attracting other Omegas that were
But yet the Omega’s screams were playing over and over again in Dean’s mind. The mere sound of high-pitched sobs and pleads of help were making the Alpha sick to his own stomach. Dean growled dangerously, the Alpha was aware that his breathing was loud and clear, and the anger seeping through his pores was pushing the boundaries of his own control.
The Omega chuckled at his brother’s childish manner. “Bunnies live a long time because they eat their greens.”
Dean, on pure instinct, pressed the palm of his hand against the Omega’s chest, keeping Castiel close to him and roughly biting through the Omega’s scent gland again, this time pushing his canines deeper into Castiel’s flesh and rightfully claiming the Omega. The Alpha could taste Castiel’s blood on his tongue, sweet and innocent.
Due to Sam’s dark childhood, the younger Alpha lived by three rules: 1) opinions concerning Omegas deserving better were kept to himself, 2) never speak unless it was demanded of him to contribute to a conversation, and 3) painfully agreeing with every rogue demon when it came to insulting Omegas. Personally, Sam wanted to tell every rogue demon to go fuck themselves.
Dean smirked, happy to pull the Omega away from his
Omega okay right now? Was
Castiel blushed again while Dean gave Bobby a stern look, silently mouthing,
Sam was smiling like an idiot, admiring the way Castiel’s dark hair shined underneath the lights throughout the diner, wishing he could feel those smooth and messy strands against his small hands. “I don’t think so. Why do you ask?”
The bartender gave Dean a shot of whiskey and the Alpha drank it down in one go, purposely showing off his biceps. “What’s a pretty little thing like you doing in a place filled with rogue demons?”
His canines were suffering at the lack of warm flesh vibrating against his mouth.
The Alpha winked, taking back the box of tissues and walking away. “No problem, hun.”
Creating a strong bond between the employer and the employees.
Chuck gave a tired sigh, rubbing at his temples. “That boy, I love him to death but Castiel is what you call the perfect son. He’s incredibly smart, unfairly ambitious, and the prettiest one in the family taking after his old man, of course. But when it comes to flirting and taking notice of someone, he doesn’t understand it.”
Yeaahhh, no that wasn’t going to work. But Dean couldn’t just stand there like a speechless idiot, he needed to say something.
“I’m not telling you to ignore it either. Just keep it cool, man. I’ve never seen you this possessive over an Omega before.”
Castiel snarled through his teeth, taking a few steps back only to have Dean take a few steps forward. “I think I’ll be doing… work.”
more of them; the way the Omega would squirm and plead for Sam and Dean to keep touching him. Just the thought of Castiel purring against them, nuzzling against their skin and the Omega submitting to them was stroking their inner Alpha’s ego.
Castiel was certain that even if he did manage to leave the Alpha, assuming he’d leave in one piece, what would he do then? Lucifer was responsible for everything; the Omega knew nothing of finances except receiving money to buy groceries. Castiel wasn’t even sure if he could maintain a job by himself. In the end; being isolated, manipulated, and brainwashed by the Alpha who claimed him at the age of thirteen resulted in the Omega believing that he couldn’t survive without Lucifer.
The Alpha slowly began to walk back towards his house, sighing angrily before kicking open the front door. Dean could feel it now, the aching palpitations of his angered heart beating painfully against his skull. Even that wasn’t enough pain for him, the Alpha deserved a lot worse.
Crowley watched with pure delight as the Winchesters took in their new home. But certain rules to living in this brothel was becoming impossible to ignore and although Crowley hated bursting their bubble of happiness, the terms of their verbal contract needed to be stated. And so, Crowley began to state his four rules.
Embarrassingly, while laying on the floor and fighting each other, Sam and Dean gave uncomfortable smiles as they stupidly said, “Hey dad.”
Mating with a human Omega was forbidden in the Winchester family but god, how Sam wished his future mate was a gorgeous human Omega. That alone would give him enough reason to run away, to leave behind the toxic opinions of his family and live a life where he could breathe on his own. But like all fairytales, those stories never came true.
While taking the given chance of Sam and Dean speaking to one another, Castiel awkwardly willed away his erection by pulling at the seams of his incredibly
A road filled with complications but Dean was willing to tackle any obstacles blocking his way to happiness, starting with Lucifer first.
, uh.”
Dean released the Omega’s wrist, watching with raw intensity as the Omega sat back down and licked his lips, a curious expression on his face. “Has it ever occurred to you that I might be waiting for someone?”
When John Winchester became president of The Winchester Company, everything changed. Omegas in every department were redirected to tech support, secretaries, assistants, cleaning, and jobs only meant for the
Donna nodded excitedly, pushing open the doors and allowing them to come in. “Yes, yes, yes! You’re the rent boys, right? Which by the way, I have nothing against rent boys. I find rent boys extremely pleasing and fun.”
Chuck quietly observed Dean, a slow smile creeping onto his lips. “Dean. Just by looking at you, you are exactly the type of man that’ll make my other sons go from shy boys to horny monsters.”
The Alpha child was prepped from a young age to one day become an adult with enough knowledge to run The Winchester Company. Once they had children, the cycle would repeat itself again. If a Winchester bared a daughter; the female pup would be forbidden to enter The Winchester Company. The Winchester Company has always been and will be managed by an Alpha male, never a female.
“Sammy, you do realize that you’ve been celibate for your entire life, right? Are you thinking of becoming a priest? Because if you are, I’m much concerned about your need for sex. We’re demons, sex is part of who we are.”
loudly, bouncing up and down excitedly,
Garth finally placed Castiel on the ground, pulling his best friend into another hug and ruffling Castiel’s hair. “Tell me everything. How did the famous Sam and Dean Winchester conduct their interview with you?”
Sam reached for Castiel’s hands, enveloping his colossal fingers around the Omega’s diminutive hands and pressing them against his chest while towering over Castiel. “Forgive my brother, he’s your typical
was big on free will and having a choice, which was their main propaganda.
The Alpha managed to swallow the first bite and began to repeat the process, god eating greens was vile. “So, catch me up. How’s everything here?”
The Omega instantly detected traces of wood, bold and exotic. Castiel could smell sandalwood being crushed into fine powder, awakening a sexual desire that made him instantly wet. And
Sam and Dean, on the other hand, were left with their mouths wide open, the inevitable question finally being asked by Dean, “What the hell just happened?”
weak for Dean’s liking. Scents like that were only weak if the person possessing that fragrance was extremely far away, or in this case,
Castiel could feel his mouth watering, a high-pitched moan escaping his lips. The following scent made the Omega tremble with desperate
, the Alpha looked down at himself and as expected, his cock was hard and heavy, greedily pushing against the fabric of his pajama bottoms and seeking the tight embrace of the Omega’s delicious heat.
Nothing.
“Tomorrow I go back.”
was a complete understatement.
Of course, Dean had no preferences when it came to sex, whether it was a man or a woman, cock or pussy, he just wanted to fuck someone. The Alpha, oddly enough, wanted to fuck a human Omega but human Omegas were rarely seen in their territories.
And the Omega’s lips were Aphrodite’s most stunning creation,
Castiel chuckled victoriously, winking at the Winchester brothers before exiting the office. An infectious smile was playing on his lips, he had a job!
The sounds the Omega would make, the way Castiel would beg for
to not let the
Romantic, right?
Well, welcome to Lawrence. I’m sure you’ll love it here. Since you’re new into town, you must not know a lot of people yet, are you doing anything after this?
The Omega was about to speak when Dean practically shoved the two bouquets of flowers into the Omega’s face. “These are for you.”
John felt himself growling at the sound of the Omega calling him by his title,
The Omega closed his eyes with a purr, pushing himself further into the Alpha’s touch until his eyes fluttered open at the sound of his name being spoken, black lashes curling beautifully. “Yes.”
Dean could feel the vengeful wrath pounding against his skull, the Omega didn’t deserve to be hurt like this, much less be taken advantage of. It was taking every fiber inside him to not march away from the Omega, find Lucifer and repay the asshole back with every bruise inflicted upon the Omega.
The Omega threw his head back onto the pillow, tiredly whispering. “
Garth snorted. “Oh, man. I’m sorry, I couldn’t tell it was you over the nauseatingly high-pitched voice screeching through the phone. For a second, I thought you were a dying cat.”
. The name made him vicious and barbaric, Dean reached for the lamp resting on his nightstand and threw it across the room, the lamp smashing itself into tiny pieces as it hit the wall.
Castiel was practically mewling against the Alpha’s ear. “So do you.”
“Dressing? Ha! Never heard of her. Now shut up and eat your breakfast.”
this was so hot. “Take me upstairs and find out yourself.”
The baby gave an innocent shriek of happiness, almost as if he was approving his name.
It was a shame that the Omega couldn’t stay longer to decipher who the Alpha was beneath that layer of dominance and superiority.
“Aren’t you interested in me?”
, Dean wanted an everlasting relationship with him, one that would slowly grow and blossom into the creation of pups, all boys of course, the Alpha always was a fanatic of having Alpha children but if he bared Omega and Beta pups, he’ll still be ecstatic.
Sam scoffed, rolling his eyes when his entire body froze. The younger Alpha met Castiel’s gaze and
The stunning beauty standing before them deserved the limitless range of the stars in the sky, the glimmering galaxies that pulsed with soft colors, the sun that shined with golden rays, and the moon that sparkled with ivory beams. This Omega was too perfect for this world; perfection at its finest. Flaws were impossible to detect on this divine creature but the perfume of innocence drove Sam and Dean to unrefined madness.
Peony flowers, grapefruit, and droplets of vanilla.
Once Donna disappeared from their view, Dean whistled lowly as he entered the living room. “Sammy, check this place out. Damn, we’re going to have so much fun here.”
Pushing his luck, the Alpha boy began to rub his mouth against Castiel’s hospital gown. “Mommy, you smell so good.”
While the other half, the one that Dean could control, was growling with impatience.
from the doctor made Dean panic, immediately the small Alpha was seeking out his mother. Castiel was unconscious. The nurses were currently wrapping the small baby in a warm blanket and placing him in a cot.
Castiel bit his lower lip, moaning lustfully and squirming in desperation when Sam’s immensely large hand reached to grab the Omega’s insanely cute face with a tight grip.
Castiel’s scent was getting stronger,
Castiel faced the Omega boy, stunned at Jack’s soft gaze towards him.
The Alpha, named
There was an identical cut along the Omega’s temple, although this wound was colored in a darker shade of purple than the rest of the bruises on the Omega’s face. Then the Alpha’s eyes landed on the sickening bite against the Omega’s scent gland; the flesh marred as if it were bitten by a rabid animal.
The Alpha smiled wickedly, he found Castiel’s prostate. The Omega dropped his head onto the mattress, smushing his face against the sheets and giving a high-pitched whine when Dean stopped moving inside him. Dean’s hands made their way towards Castiel’s, the Alpha placed the palm of his hands over the back of the Omega’s hands, intertwining their fingers together.
For all of the Omega’s life, Castiel has been surrounded by the dreadful scent that belonged to Lucifer; Lucifer smelt of sulfur and burnt flesh from the sinners burning in hell. It was harsh to his nose and at times, acidic to even inhale. But Dean,
And to be honest, Dean hated his father at times because the older man always wanted to spend his time with Castiel. Call it petty jealousy but the little boy wanted to be his mother’s world and if that meant removing their father from the picture, then Dean would be just fine with that. Even now, his dad wasn’t even here to support his mate during the birthing of their second child.
Dean looked at the house next door and yes, there was car parked in the driveway. “Good for you, Sammy. Want a cookie? You want me to shower you with affection because you spotted my new neighbors?”
Dean growled at Castiel’s boldness, the Alpha surged forward and placed his massively large hands over the Omega’s voluptuous hips. Dean lifted Castiel’s tucked in shirt and buried his fingers into Castiel’s skin, leaving behind bruises and indecently red handprints. The Alpha made himself comfortable in the residency of Castiel’s warm thighs.
Yes, a killer the Alpha was. Every insult, every word, every demeaning offense, every humiliation being spat by Dean’s derogatory mouth were enough weapons to kill the Omega. Slowly, Castiel could feel himself fading. This is exactly how he felt when Lucifer cruelly abused him with words, bullying the Omega and smugly knowing that Castiel would never have enough ammunition to fight back.
The outcome of rogue demon domination: alcohol, sex, murder, blood, supremacy, and control.
Castiel had eight minutes in total to arrive at the diner before the owner did.
It wasn’t a pretty sight; the Omega’s right eye was swollen and black while the other eye was decorated in faint cuts, slightly red and barely healing. Dean could feel his canines emerging, his fingers crushing the sweet gifts he bought the Omega while purposely digging his nails in the palm of his hands. The Omega’s wounds looked even more painful than the bloody cuts on his battered knuckles, something that pissed the Alpha even more off.
“Or what uncle Gabriel? You’re gonna punish me? Is it really my fault that your Omega brother dresses like a slut? Is it really my fault that Alphas like me want to tap that fine ass?”
Years and years of dealing with their father’s temper, it was inevitable for the Alpha to fall into the same cycle that kept his father alive until his untimely death. But Dean became a better man than his father ever was — even though he didn’t truly believe that — but the Alpha learned to bury that cruel rage by flashing a seductive smile to Omegas that were easily aroused by his charm.
Dean was stuck, he couldn’t help the Omega, he couldn’t go next door and stop this.
to return the favor.”
The Omega beamed at the compliment, happily wiggling his hips while getting another piece of pie. “I’m so glad you liked it, since these pies were made just for
But Dean was here and that was enough. The little boy slipped down towards his mother’s chest, nuzzling his small face against Castiel’s breast when the Alpha detected a small whiff of heaven. Dean continued to chase that scent until he realized that his mother was lactating. Of course, his mother’s breasts were ripe with honeyed milk and
The Alpha swallowed down the acidic taste of the dreadful word pouring from his lips. “
The Alpha gave Bobby a pleading look, hoping that it translated to,
Castiel reluctantly pressed his hands against his feeble chest, terrified of how the situation escalated in dangerous degrees but somehow, finding the strength to rest the palm of his hands against the Alpha’s beefy pecs. The touch was soothing, never had the Alpha been so
the hungry
Garth opened his eyes, the sight around him was blurry but once his eyes adjusted to their poorly lit room, he read the time. “11 am then I suggest you hang up.”
It sounded extremely girly but heck, no one had to know how badly Dean
This was it; the Alpha could
Charlie entered the office, her nose scrunching up in discomfort at the acidic pheromones floating through the air. “It’s Mr Novak, his brother is here for the interview. Do I let him in?”
Bobby and Rufus were chuckling in the back, wiggling their eyebrows at each other.
The Alpha couldn’t stand it anymore, Dean decided to walk across the bedroom and reach the window. The Alpha despairingly pressed the palm of his hand against the cold glass, wishing,
The Alpha looked up at Castiel. “What is it?”
The Omega felt his breath stuttering, Dean was
Once the Omega’s back met with the wall, Dean didn’t hesitate to take hold of Castiel’s soft hands, intertwining their fingers together and lifting the Omega’s hands above his head. Castiel’s head fell back towards the wall, exposing his neck even more to the Alpha. The Omega’s breaths were stuttering badly and it was cutest thing Dean had ever heard.
The veil of blackness intertwined with lust was gone from Castiel’s eyes, he seemed panicked and it was the cutest thing Dean has ever seen. “Who are you?”
, he loathed himself with a flaming passion. The Alpha closed his eyes, gritting his teeth together as he dug his nails into the palm of his hands, making himself bleed.
Not ideal when it came to having sex.
From afar, Dean and Sam heard approaching footsteps descending down the stairs, before they knew it, a small man with short brown hair, finely trimmed beard and bright blue eyes stood before them.
Rufus smacked the back of Dean’s head again, making the Alpha growl at Rufus. “Boy, talk to me like that again and the next time I hit you on the back of your head, I’ll be using a crowbar. It was nice meeting you, darling!”
John prompted Gabriel to continue.
Garth finally faced Dean, pushing the Alpha with all his might. “What the hell, man? Why are you hiding this gorgeous Omega from us?”
hurt the Omega again.
Dean couldn’t take this anymore, the Alpha wasn’t meant to be a sitting duck, he needed to move, he needed to hunt down this Omega and claim the gorgeous piece of angelic cake that was waiting to be bitten by his sharp canines, which were pushing past his gums and making his mouth bleed. The Alpha stood at his full height, ignoring Bobby’s protests while the Alpha rested his large hand on Bobby’s shoulder, using the older Alpha as a stepping stool to scent the air properly.
But like always, his wings were burnt to a crisp when the cold and frigid touch of Lucifer’s fingers were gripping the Omega’s chin, forcing Castiel to face the Alpha and abandon the tiny hope of flying. “Don’t worry, baby. Heaven isn’t missing an angel and if they were, it certainly wouldn’t be you.”
The Omega was beaming brightly at the sight of Dean and the Alpha would never admit it, but seeing Castiel brightening up like the morning sun made him feel all gooey and shit, pushing Dean to rumble loudly like the purr of the engine belonging to his Baby and acting like a lovesick teenager.
Castiel reached the end of the bed, his hands gripping onto the edge of the mattress when the Omega stuck out his tongue, pressing it against the Alpha’s navel and licking his way upwards. A wet trail of salvia was left behind along with Dean’s self control. Castiel continued tasting the Alpha’s skin, his wet tongue gliding over Dean’s chin and stopping at the Alpha’s mouth.
Dean could already feel the outline of an erection popping up and hell, didn’t that make things more exciting.
Maybe the Omega was finishing up the last touches to his wash before answering the door.
Not the fucking fake Cas in his dreams. Dean could feel it, the surge of adrenaline empowered by anger, he was fucking pissed off. The Omega should be beneath him, screaming Dean’s name and taking his knot. The Alpha was about to get up and rip the sheets apart when a sickening thought made his stomach turn.
For the following three years, Sam and Dean slept with every wealthy man in Lawrence, Kansas. The amount of the money they earned was more than enough to enjoy on themselves and they lived comfortably in their new home. Even as time passed, they became friends with every rent boy in the mansion.
That broke Dean apart, the name pouring from the Omega’s beautifully full lips was shattering Dean’s existence. Now he knew the name of the Alpha hurting his Omega.
to know that the Omega was okay at such an early time, even though it was eating him alive not knowing if the blue-eyed beauty was extremely hurt from last night.
Castiel panicked for a second, gripping the flowers tightly and looking around as if someone might be hearing them. “I’m sorry?”
Bobby shifted in his seat until he was comfortable, turning his attention to the younger Alpha before him. “I can’t believe you’re here with us, boy. Your father would be so proud of you.”
But for the time being, Dean was single and the Alpha indulged himself in one sided relationships that consisted of meaningless sex with any rogue demon willing to spend the night with him. The morning after was always unpredictable, usually it began with Dean’s flirtatious smile, a hungry once over towards the naked Omega lying in his bed and Dean telling the Omega that last night meant nothing to him.
Dean was not himself at the moment, which is why the following words that came out of his mouth were a complete surprise to him.
Castiel chuckled, lightly punching the Alpha. “Before I go, I have something for you.”
The Alpha boys straightened themselves up, waving back at Castiel and doing their best to show off their strength to the Omega. Castiel chuckled fondly at their determination of wooing him but Castiel died of pure shame when all the Alphas shouted, “
Awesome.
Castiel turned to leave when the Alpha called after him. “Hey, rose petal.”
it with a passion. The Alpha went towards the AC located at the corner of his bedroom, turning it on and putting it on the coldest setting. That didn’t help much but it was better than before.
How disgustingly domestic.
Wealth marrying into wealth never assured the foundations of true love buried behind the marriage, it only secured the future of the company whenever the company experienced shortages of money, liquidation, and the basis of going bankrupt. Which at one point, The Winchester Company did experience.
So, Sam had big changes in his mind when he became president, restoring The Winchester Company to its former glory when Henry Winchester was president. There were different perspectives concerning the Winchester family; John was hated by Omega employees but adored by Alpha and Beta employees, Dean was respected by his employees but many were — mostly Omegas — in love with him, and Sam was loved by all Omegas in the company except for Alphas and Betas who criticized the unnecessary softness the Alpha had towards the lower class.
“No.”
The Alpha lifted his hands to show that he wasn’t mad at Castiel when the Omega flinched at the slight movement, cowering away from Dean and pushing himself further into the workbench. “Please don’t hurt me. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean touch you. I’ll never do it again just
Dean skipped the last two steps, grinding his teeth together, snarling in a deathlike manner while opening the door. “Can you give me a fucking minute, you son of a bi —“
Sam immediately backed up his older brother. “Yes. You’re definitely hired. You can start working here tomorrow.”
Half of Dean’s rationality dealing with his Alpha instincts were howling at the opportunity to send the Omega away along with that
Dean was a victim of Cupid, fucking love at first sight! And here was Sammy, moving in on his Omega. The older Alpha was right here,
There was a point where the Omega couldn’t kiss the Alpha back, the amount of pleasure building inside him was too much to handle. Castiel’s mouth formed an ‘
The Alpha smelt ripe pears being drizzled with the golden liquid known as honey. Every pear was bursting open with the juices that poured and leaked from the fruit. It was succulent and moist, driving the Alpha to pure madness. And with a possessive growl escaping Dean’s mouth, the Alpha caught the scent of strawberry fields and lavender.
Dean couldn’t hold himself together,
Chuck exhaled happily, “Oh thank god. I’m sorry if the question was uncomfortable but knowing my son, he may act all mean and tough but in the bedroom he’s a needy slut. But I still love him.”
To Crowley’s annoyance, it took the boys five days to accept his offer, he supposed that patience was a virtue.
“No, he’s not. Castiel, honey. We need to go.”
Castiel winced a bit when Dean hugged him but the Omega returned the embrace, scenting the Alpha and imprinting his scent on the little boy, nuzzling against Dean’s soft hair. “I guess mommy fainted.”
maybe he couldn’t breathe due to the Omega being so provocatively
The Omega took four more tissues, blushing slightly at the pet name and giving Benny a small smile. “Thank you, that’s very kind of you.”
Dean felt like an asshole for not even considering the amount of pain he’d be inflicting upon the Omega. “Shit. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean too —“
, and
Castiel gave a small chuckle, reaching for Dean’s hands and resting them over his curvaceously plush hips. “
With trembling hands, Dean delivered his baby brother to his mother, quickly supporting the Omega and making sure that Castiel was in a comfortable position before laying next to his beautiful mother.
, the Alpha’s shoulders were broad and wide. From the Omega’s perspective, the Alpha’s shoulders were made of solid steel, hardened muscles were hidden beneath the rough surface of the Alpha’s skin.
Dean wanted to punch himself in the face, why couldn’t he be a normal Alpha and flirt with Castiel rather than putting him on the spot. “No. I — look, I’ve been awake for a couple of hours and if you’re afraid to talk to me because of your…”
Not really, besides, Crowley would pay for Sam and Dean’s new wardrobe, as he’s done with all of his rent boys.
Instead of going home and enjoying a quiet meal with the television playing in the background, the Omega was met with an Alpha leaning against a gorgeous car. “John?”
The Omega blushed,
Chuck gave an adorable chuckle before snapping his fingers. “Oh, and before I forget. If your brother fancies my son which seems to be the case, Sam will probably sleep in Gabriel’s room for the remaining week. As for you, there is a guest bedroom right next to Castiel’s room.”
and ready to mingle. You’re my responsibility and I’m not going tolerate some asshole bothering you.”
Pure chaos.
The Omega would open the door, he’d be beautiful and slutty, wearing a black mesh robe and just when things are about to escalate into rated R content, like the mechanic storming into the house and fucking the Omega from behind, you get the stupid pop-up ad that says,
John followed the family tradition; the Alpha married a wealthy Omega by the name of Mary Campbell and unexpectedly, fell madly in love with her. John and now Mary Winchester, bared two Alpha sons, Dean and Sam Winchester. Dean was the eldest while Sam was the youngest. When the two Alpha boys reached the age of 15, John introduced them to the company and prompted the boys to go to college, earn their degree in business and become co-presidents of The Winchester Company.
“We’ll break your legs.” Bobby said with a dangerous growl.
Sam rolled his eyes, emptying a cup of pencils onto the floor and throwing the cup at the back of Dean’s head. “Can you stop relating everything to sex?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, balling his hands into fists and seriously craving the need to break someone’s face with his knuckles. “I don’t know. But they seem
Castiel observed the interaction between Dean, Bobby, and Rufus. In a way, the Omega felt almost intrusive at seeing how carefree they were around each other. Laughing, making jokes of one another, caring for each other, and acting like a family. Something Castiel never really experienced even as a child.
. The Alpha could feel the Omega, he could feel Castiel!
handsome! Forgive me, it’s been a while since anyone visited this house. My name is Donna, the house maid.”
Dean unclenched his canines from Castiel’s scent gland, blood was dripping down his chin. The Omega let out a needy whine, pushing himself further into the Alpha and desperately fucking the cock in between his ass cheeks.
As Castiel lowered his arms, the Alpha could have sworn that the Omega hesitated slightly, almost as if he didn’t want to leave either.
The Omega chuckled lightly, blushing instantly while biting down on his lower lip. “No. I — I um, wanted to thank you for the other day at the repair shop. I came by the other day and knocked, but you didn’t answer. I sort of worried that maybe I did something wrong and you didn’t want to see me anymore, which I understand if that was the reason. If it is, I can just leave.”
Dean unashamedly checked out the Omega’s body, enjoying the slight blush coloring the Omega’s face,
The Alpha shoved the Omega against the mattress again, digging his fingers into Castiel’s hips and feeling the rush of blood dripping down the Omega’s sides due to his nails breaking the skin. Dean was starting to burn up, the bottom of his belly was literally on fire as he kept fucking the Omega with punishing thrusts that left Castiel scrambling for purchase.
Even so, Dean’s temper only kept getting worse and worse, the normal use of his voice was absent, instead, the Alpha’s voice was replaced with a barking irritation that put everyone on edge. The constant shouts of impatience went on until 5 pm, when the store finally closed for the day. Unfortunately, today was one of the days where Dean had to stay back and close the shop but the Alpha was so fed up with everyone that Dean left the repair shop without announcing his departure.
Dean immediately faced his mommy; the Omega’s sleepy eyes were blinking open and it was honestly the prettiest sight Dean has ever seen.
Sam was disgusted with himself, it took every ounce of him to not vomit at his own actions, the Alpha was responsible for disrespecting the Omega and Sam was honestly comfortable with being sentenced to a slap in the face, because Castiel had every right to express his feelings of being violated. But
But in The Winchester Company, Henry fought for equal rights. A certain flaw that made every Omega and Beta fall in love with him. Sadly, Henry’s open-minded perspective didn’t reach his son, John Winchester. John — with great pleasure — didn’t take after his father. From a young age, John’s views on Omegas were clouded, toyed with, and manipulated by societal opinions.
Sam like Dean, were recovering from their wobbly state of the unexpected hug when Sam proceeded to introducing them both. “Hi Donna. My name is Sam and this is my brother Dean. We’re here because the Novak family requested us.”
The popular fantasies that the Alpha remembered well enough involved cowboys rescuing the damsel in distress, the pizza man delivering pizza, doctors examining their patients, demons seducing angels, blue eyed Omegas riding his cock, pregnant Omegas lactating and… yeah, the list could go on.
The Alpha crushed his lips against the Omega’s, mixing the taste of blood and salvia while pushing his tongue further into Castiel’s mouth, marking the Omega as his.
The Omega’s scent was changing like the way a caterpillar morphs into a butterfly. The aroma was swift and refreshing like the way serene pink clouds decorate the sky, making the Alpha feel light and unreal. The crude possessiveness taking over Dean’s body was stroking his inner Alpha’s desires; pushing him to covet, to treasure, to
Don’t you think I know that my little bro is super hot and
Sammy! And she works down at IT and she wears glasses, man. Do you have any idea how many porn videos are based on nerdy Omegas submitting to their bosses? And the Alpha boss banging her brains out?”
Dean, on the other hand, was deliciously poisoned by the scent of flowery gardens that can only be touched and scented by him. The older Alpha growled in raw desire as the scent of magnolia flowers bewitched his senses; the ripe and blooming flowers painted in downy colors such as white and light pink were screaming of innocence.
The Alpha wanted to burst out laughing, he doubted that out of everyone, the Omega would understand the concept of love. Perhaps Castiel understood the basic foundations of what love could be but come on, the Omega’s definition of love was warped, twisted, and perverted.
“And your face.” Rufus snarled.
Okay, at least Dean confirmed that Lucifer worked in the city, far away from Castiel.
The name of the beauty from next door instantly popped into Dean’s head, making him calm, not for long but enough to clear his head. Then the Alpha smelled it, it was weak, so far yet so close.
Castiel was about to step forward when he thought better of it, he was about to invade the Alpha’s personal space and the last thing the Omega wanted, was to offend Dean.
Dean felt the strong impulse to brush his lips against Castiel’s, stating his dominance over the Omega’s mouth and giving Castiel the softest of kisses that the Alpha never gave to anyone before. “Can I scent you?”
, by the way, your total is $80.24.”
“Yes, yes, yes. I’m
Dean, once again, answered the question for Castiel. “I offered Cas to clean his wounds.”
Dean was counting down his breaths when the sound of a car engine ripped him from his own thoughts. The Alpha — too curious for his own good — approached the window right over the sink and with a venomous hatred pulsing through his body, Dean watched as the shit bag from next door backed out of the driveway and drove away.
The sight of Sam’s friends being human Omegas always brought an irritable scowl to John’s face. Maintaining friendships with human Omegas that didn’t involve sex were frowned upon in the Winchester family. Sam always ignored his father’s protests when it came to ending his friendship with human Omegas, as a consequence, his father would beat him to a pulp.
“Is it working?”
It was obvious that John was doing everything in his power to not jump up and down in excitement. “Your place or mine?”
is a distraction then maybe I shouldn’t be interviewed for this position.”
As the car approached the house, Sam and Dean could see a circular pool with clear blue water that spilled over a small waterfall, located at the front of the house. Next to the pool, there was a small set of stairs that led to a lower level where a small eating area with four lounging chairs decorated with red fluffy pillows surrounded a marble table in the middle.
Dean was aware that the strings pulling him back from claiming the Omega were being snapped into two but the Alpha wasn’t totally lost in his head. Dean wanted to protect Castiel, he didn’t want the Omega to feel pain and he’d rather take the annoying pain of the workbench digging into his skin than letting Castiel feel the touch of the cold hard metal.
Castiel wiped away the trail of tears pouring down his cheeks, growling defensively. “And let me tell you something else, yes, Lucifer abuses and rapes me. And if you think that I should just take it with no complaints, then you’re assuming that getting raped is super fun. Well guess what, news flash, it’s not. And if you’re so keen on believing that getting raped is amazing, why don’t you try it yourself and let me know if its as fun as you think it is.”
“Got it?” Rufus asked.
The growing torment became unbearable, the Alpha couldn’t take the agony anymore so he limply fell to the floor, knees hitting the ground first. Dean bared his teeth, howling through the pain and feeling his canines emerging. Unexpectedly, the infernal hell fucking up the Alpha’s body was fading away, allowing Dean to see clearly but he knew that the shrieking anguish of unfair suffering would eventually return again.
sweet. It was a known fact that Dean never really liked the aromas produced by rogue demons, they were too harsh on his nose and it left a sour aftertaste in his mouth.
From afar, the Omega heard the chime of the front doors being opened.
Where was Castiel? There was no one beneath him anymore. Except a mess of blood staining his sheets. This made no sense. How did this happen? Then Dean’s eyes traveled over to his hand gripping the sheets, it was hard to see but his knuckles were bleeding.
Dean nodded. “Let me introduce you guys properly, Garth this is Castiel. Cas, this is Garth.”
But it felt
Sam shoved Dean to the side, furiously blushing at the comment of his virginity remaining in tact and towering over his older brother, taking pride in the following words spoken through his lips. “Dude, I’ll stay a virgin until I meet the right Omega. Unlike you Dean, I’m not keen on sleeping with every housewife on the block and leaving them
You must be one of the stupidest idjits I’ve ever known. Do you know what time it is?! It’s 10 am. 10 fucking
Dean looked around, as if to make his point obvious. “Yeah.”
Your phone is ringing. Answer it, please!”
Castiel was beyond perfect and the Omega was such a goddamn tease, a quality that shortened the Alpha’s impatience of claiming Castiel right here and now. “You wanna know something baby doll, I’m going to pay you the nicest compliment and after I’ve told you what it is, you won’t be able to resist me.”
Sam went towards Dean, growling at the older man. “Touch our mom again and I swear to God that we’ll kill you.”
“I did.”
Especially with the plain red shirt that hugged the Alpha’s body so perfectly, and the way the harmless piece of fabric wrapped itself around the Alpha’s bulging biceps. The massive size of his arms was strong enough to move oceans, the heftiness of them, the way they flexed with every movement the Alpha made.
The Alpha bit the inside of his cheek,
flesh. “Is that okay? Am I hurting you?”
Sam gave a charming smile, leaning down to kiss the Omega’s knuckles. Castiel was as red as a tomato, the Omega was momentarily lost in the Alpha’s eyes when Dean pulled Sam back, ripping his younger brother away from Castiel. The Omega instantly hated the loss of Sam’s warm body against his when Dean replaced it with his own warmth and
needed more of Castiel but why the fuck was he not responding to the Omega’s kiss?!
this was happening at a time like this, where nothing interesting was happening in his life!
The Alpha approached the cabinet beneath the sink, taking out the first aid kit and turning on the faucet, listening to the water hitting the sink for a few seconds before placing his hands underneath the running water. Instantly, when the water hit his skin, Dean snarled lethally, grinding his teeth together and emitting a rumble of dreadfully scary sounds vibrating through his chest.
John sighed in irritation, a snarl escaping his lips. “We’re providing a job, a well-paid job, isn’t that enough? Besides, we must maintain our reputation with a high level of respect to other companies who have inspired us to adapt into new ways of running our own company.”
from Dean when the stool hit the ground with a loud
The Omega kept his gaze locked on the Alpha before him, innocently batting his eyelashes as he moved Dean’s hand towards his lips. The Alpha was fully enraptured, watching Castiel like the predator he was. Sensually, the Omega began to kiss each of Dean’s fingertips.
The Omega chuckled weakly; it was always cute when Dean became protective of him.
Dean pulled away, feeling himself becoming drunk at the sight of the Omega being breathless. “I know you’re right here, sweetheart.
Castiel was determined to
The sound of the car door opening and closing was the most beautiful sound Castiel has heard throughout the day. There was a tiny breeze of fresh air sweeping into the car before it was gone. The pheromones belonging to the Alpha was still trapped inside the car, the smell alone was causing the Omega to become even more sick than what he was.
They were so blue and so freaking
Dean snorted. “You don’t think its odd that we are both obsessed with our mom? And the fact that we’re both okay with admitting it to each other?”
The Alpha embarrassingly opened the menu and ordered whatever came into view.
instead of a hot ass taking his knot, it was his own fist at the base of his cock.
Dean could feel the wired cord tugging at his heart, constricting his chest, and making it difficult to breathe. And that was enough to make the Alpha realize that the Omega next door was beyond special. Dean felt the Alpha inside him instinctively wanting to protect the Omega from any harm existing in this world, the Alpha knew that there was a reason why he so drawn to the angelic Omega living just next door.
rich.”
Gabriel gave a few kicks to the Alpha’s ribs until Lucifer was basically curling into a pathetic ball. “Listen here, buddy boy. I never want to see you again in my diner and if I see you anywhere near my brother or see you trying to touch him again, best believe that I’ll rip your throat out. Got it.”
At some point, John stopped caring whether his boys found a mate or not. Besides, there were more important things at hand. Today there was a meeting being held in John’s office; Mr Benny Lafitte (head of the marketing department), Mr Bobby Singer (head of the finance department), Mr Crowley (head of the operation management department), Mr Gabriel Novak (head of the human resource department), and lastly, Mr Kevin Tran (head of the IT department) were present.
But for now, the definition of perfection was simply his mother. Dean loved his mother and sure, his father would always tell the little boy that spending so much time with the Omega was unhealthy and unmanly. Dean didn’t give a shit, even though he was fully aware that his obsession with his mother was considered indecent.
An Alpha hiding behind curtains and creepily — but in a sweet and protective way — watching an Omega and not just a simple Omega but — Dean could feel his throat thickening in pure disgust at the word burning through his tongue — a
Can you for once not be a smart ass and just stay over one more night. We can go to the bars… chat it up with some Omegas and get you laid. Let’s get that Alpha virginity status changed.”
Both Omegas fought together in avoiding job positions that involved scraping their knees against the floor and becoming a vessel for Alphas to deposit their semen in. Thanks to Castiel’s older brother —Gabriel — the two Omegas managed to pay their rent with the monthly deposit made by Gabriel to Castiel’s bank account.
Gabriel gave a single nod though his lips were pulled back into a bright smile. “Good. So, no more questions about you being the only waitress?”
Dean was stupid, instead of acting like a hot-headed Alpha reverting back to basic and protective instincts concerning a potential mate, he should’ve cautiously approached the Omega as if he were frightened little rabbit with adorable big blue eyes. “Cas? Are you okay? It’s okay, you’re okay.”
The Alpha tore his eyes open, a mixture of feelings flitting across them. Dean was torn between protesting Castiel’s departure and making himself a fool by saying that he was clingy as fuck and he didn’t want the Omega to leave him. The Alpha was afraid to let him go, mostly because Dean wasn’t sure when he’d be able to hold Castiel in his arms again.
“Does this look like a whore house to you? Sweetheart, if you were looking for a price to have sex with me, you’re not gonna get one. If I want sex, I’ll go out and get it, I’m not gonna pay to sleep with a slut like you whose been handled by other Alphas. That’s my problem with you, you’re trying so hard to have someone save you and you’re expecting
“Okay, now go do your job with your slutty legs and big ass.”
From a distance, the sound of a car entering the garage was audible enough that Gabriel began to jump up and down. “Speaking of the fucking devil, Cassie is here!”
Castiel whimpered in pain, his fragile body trembling as Lucifer growled against his ear, a deadly sound that made the Omega quiver in fear. “Did I ask you to talk, baby cakes?”
Dean gave Sam a sassy look, pushing Sammy to the side with his hip. “How many sons do you have?”
” Donna began to head up the stairs, tripping on her own feet and giggling like an adorable idiot. “Right! Wait here and I’ll get Mr Novak.”
the heating rush of blood blossoming through his cheeks was easily recognized as a hardcore blush. Man, Dean wasn’t even naked on the guy’s bed and he’s already as red as a tomato. A cute but slutty tomato, in fact. What the hell was wrong with him? Never, like
As if being burnt by red hot flames, the Omega pulled away sharply. The loss of Castiel’s touch snapped Dean’s eyes open, an unhappy growl escaping his lips due to their little bubble of happiness bursting rudely without the Alpha’s permission.
What a damn shame.
Sam snorted, not really understanding the magnetism correlated to a family who was apparently richer than god. “When do they want us?”
They were meant to be with one another
Black smoke, burning sage, and the essence of leather.
Winchester?
Castiel checked his phone again and cursed underneath his breath, two more minutes left. Castiel went to change into his work uniform, basically running into the locker room like there was no tomorrow. The Omega spent only a few seconds getting ready.
Before Dean could question more about the adorable yet asshole sounding guy who was Castiel, there was a loud scream coming from the second floor. “
Dean hotly began to kiss Castiel’s cheek, rubbing the tip of his cock against the cleft of the Omega’s ass. Breathless, with his lips red and swollen, Castiel managed to breathe again when the Alpha slipped his fingers from the Omega’s mouth. Dean tightly grabbed Castiel’s face with one hand, turning the Omega’s head to the side and consuming Castiel’s lips.
The Omega was certain that the Alpha’s lips were a combination of tenderness when the Alpha gave soft kisses yet firm when it came to rough and ardent kisses. The authority that the Alpha would have over Castiel’s lips, left the Omega panting with salacious hunger.
Dean was practically jumping in excitement and trying his best to not rut against Castiel like a wild beast trying to mount his mate during breeding season. The Omega was giving the Alpha permission to scent him in return!
The meagerly long hours stretched across the darkness of the sky, a starry night that glimmered with twinkling stars that shined like diamonds being illuminated by the prism of white light. What a fucking nightmare. Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, his injured knuckles healing at an extremely sluggish pace, the torn skin cracking with every mere flex of his hands.
And if Dean showed up late, the older Alpha would throw a fit and scold Dean for being a goddamn stupid idjit. Dean chuckled fondly as he could already hear the older Alpha’s voice being used against him. Dean went to wash up before heading to bed. Dean exited the bathroom, turning off the lamp in his room and slipping off his gray T-shirt, remaining shirtless and wearing only his loose pajama bottoms.
Gabriel nodded, heading towards the door and softly whispering to someone before introducing his younger brother. “Sam and Dean Winchester, I present my youngest brother, Castiel Novak.”
There was a sunset of obscurity closing in on his body, a fogginess intoxicating his mind. The Alpha could feel the growing length of a twisted rope decorated in bloodied thorns, wrapping itself in every exposed corner of his room. Dean could easily feel the rope making its way towards him, snake-like but viciously alluring.
Dean faced Gabriel. “This douchebag was harassing our mom.”
“They want you both in three days.”
Castiel walked away from the vegetable section and headed towards the meat section, perhaps to avoid Lucifer in general, he could feed the Alpha his favorite food. Lucifer was a huge steak fan and usually when the Omega fed him his favorite treats, the Alpha left Castiel alone. And if anything, the Omega didn’t want to deal with Lucifer’s abuse tonight.
With that, Castiel left, attending to the other customers entering the diner.
The Winchesters were basically royalty, living off the riches from their dead generations of wealthy ancestors and earning the respect of every rogue demon because of course, the Winchesters created rogue demons. There was an unspoken loyalty to the Winchesters, every rogue demon would give up their lives to save a Winchester.
Gabriel went towards his office, downing the remaining sips of his coffee while Castiel followed behind, stopping quickly by the kitchen to pick up the Alpha’s breakfast order. Gabriel huffed at the sight of papers neatly stacked — no thanks to his little brother always preparing everything for him — on his desk.
Dean gave an annoyed cough, hating his lack of participation in the scene playing before him, like hell he was gonna let his little brother get all the fun. “Sammy, do you think I can join in on the action without you being present?”
With his teeth.
as if the perfectly cute Omega needed a goddamn map to figure out where Dean lived.
Instead of kneeling and showing his respect to Crowley, Henry stood in front of thousands of demons, speaking his mind and dangerously opening the door to independence from the crown. Henry revoked the idea of fidelity towards the king, why should they be loyal to only one Alpha when they could be loyal to themselves?
Castiel’s lower lip began to tremble, the Omega looked down at his feet as he shyly whispered, “That’s probably the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. Dean, I know you suspect that there’s more to my relationship with Lucifer but that day, I was in my shell, wanting to be invisible. And then you appeared. For the first time, someone actually saw me and took the trouble of talking to me, wondering if I was okay.”
mom’s bottom is when he wears those rompers?”
the Alpha chuckled nervously and looked everywhere besides the naked Omega. “You’re not real. You’re not here. I’m losing my goddamn mind.”
Castiel gently pushed Dean and Sam into a booth; the Omega sat in the middle while Sam and Dean sat on either side of him. “Thank you both for protecting me.”
Dean’s words took Castiel by surprise. “I beg your pardon?”
while choking on his own blood. Lucifer didn’t even have enough time to wipe away the streaks of blood entering his eyes when Dean was onto him again, straddling Lucifer’s hips and pulling Lucifer upward while Dean returned to decorating Lucifer’s face with deep gnashes and swollen bruises.
, Dean definitely wanted to be inside the Omega. The word
nicely and the rooms that were available to Sam and Dean’s line of sight were spacious and immaculately clean.
The Omega needed to stop,
The Alpha instantly made grabby hands towards both pies, his stomach growling in ravenous hunger when Dean paused to look up at Castiel. “Wait, Cas. You didn’t have to do this for me. I mean, I really appreciate the gesture but you didn’t have to repay me back. My intentions weren’t to make you feel like you
, Castiel was nothing if not sinless and angelic. And with the pleading sounds dripping from the Omega’s mouth, Dean knew that he wouldn’t be able to handle the next wave of Castiel’s scent. The Alpha slowly returned his grip towards the Omega’s hips, guiding Castiel away from the workbench and against the wall.
The Alpha leaned back, eyeing Castiel’s happy reaction at eating the small cherry tomato and shaking his head in disapproval. “Perfect. How about you, Cassie bear? Are you okay?”
Granted.
Only seconds away from dropping to his knees, the Omega was subjected to the stares of Sam and Dean Winchester, both Alphas raked their eyes over Castiel’s features, there was a look inside their eyes, it was brimming with unrestrained
Castiel’s voice was weak, shattered and destroyed. “
Bobby appeared from the back of the shop, covered in grease stains and threatening the Alpha with a wrench. “
, Dean would gladly let himself die that way if it meant that the Omega’s gorgeous sex hair would be only
After a beat of silence, Castiel replied. “Okay.”
Castiel’s eyes widened,
Sam sighed. “You know I don’t care for money.”
Bees, springtime, and honey.
the scent blinding Dean was illegal by all means.
was that scent coming from!
Whenever Castiel looked back to check on his boys, Sam and Dean smiled brightly, jumping in their seats like excited puppies waiting for their next treat. It seemed possible that whenever the Omega gave them a soft smile, Sam and Dean’s eyes would palpitate like red glowing hearts.
close to pressing his nose against the Alpha’s scent gland when Castiel paused, “Dean.”
Castiel was suffocating, the urge to breathe in fresh air was clawing at his throat, hiccuping pants were rapidly dripping from his lips. The Omega’s chest was rising and falling, the Winchesters were so close to him now, breathing on top of him and swallowing down his very essence.
Looking down at their own clothes, Sam and Dean felt out of place, they were seriously underdressed amongst the gorgeous rent boys who passed by with fine clothing. Pushing their sense of worthlessness down their throats, they kept their heads high and followed Crowley to see their future residency. Since they were brothers, Crowley decided to be a sweetheart, gifting them a room the size of an expensive condo.
Omega be raped.
Standing before the Alpha was Castiel Novak, the beautiful angel sent from heaven. The Omega was nervously standing on Dean’s doorstep, perking up immediately when the door was swung open, not catching the Alpha’s rude remark.
Castiel was Sam’s little island of paradise, a place where the Alpha wanted to stay forevermore and consume every bit of the Omega until Castiel couldn’t think of anything else except for Sam. A place where the Omega was the water and Sam was the sand, a relationship that could never be broken for the ocean couldn’t survive without its sandy banks.
John stood to his full height, towering over Castiel and gazing down at the Omega’s lips. “I want you. I couldn’t stop thinking about you the whole day. Even though you’re right here in front of me, I can’t get enough of you.”
He had three days of this.
“See that’s where you’re wrong, Sammy. Unlike you, I’m a true man. And I hate to break it to you but Cas would rather sleep with a true Alpha than someone like you. If Cas were given the chance, he’d fall onto his knees and suck me off, something he’d never do to an Alpha who doesn’t even have the balls to claim an Omega properly.”
Sam quickly grabbed the back of Dean’s collar and pulled him away from the living room, roughly whispering. “Don’t touch anything. Just because we’re staying here for an entire week doesn’t mean we can touch whatever we want. This family is paying us a shit ton of money to be here, so, be respectful of their house and have some manners.”
And Castiel’s beauty was purely breathtaking.
Paradise in hell.
Castiel took a deep breath, getting himself together as Dean pulled his hands away from the Omega’s hips. “I’m afraid so.”
was an understatement when it came to describing this Omega.
, and
Dean berated himself to stop thinking about the Omega and went upstairs towards his bedroom, sleeping early wouldn’t hurt him because tomorrow he’d have to wake up early and head towards the car repair shop, he owned with another Alpha by the name of Bobby Singer, a close family friend. Besides, there were already four cars waiting to be repaired by Dean’s hands.
Dean was getting lucky tonight.
In return, faithful monsters were created.
Lucifer scrutinized the rogue demon until recognition came into his eyes. “I know you, don’t I?”
“I’m actually a widow.”
John was rendered to being a shell-shocked hamster and because he was winning the position of being the comical joke of the year, the Alpha bumped into the table again.
The Omega boy squeaked
Dean smiled, patting Gabriel’s shoulder. “He better. Go on and bring him in.”
Okay, plan B.
“We’re gonna go shopping tomorrow!”
Lucifer always hated towns; they were too quiet, people were nosey, and everyone knew everything of everyone. Not ideal for an Alpha who abused their mate on the daily. Aside from everything, Castiel agreed with Lucifer on avoiding towns but now, after what happened back in the city, the Omega didn’t think that the Alpha was stupid enough to take their toxic relationship to a town where everyone was susceptible to figuring out their deal.
they seemed soft to the touch but rough when it came to surrendering to the Alpha’s dominant mouth. Dean’s bottom lip was full and fleshy, tempting, and it pushed the Omega to lean forward, teasing the Alpha with his parted lips and using his tongue to leave behind a wet trail of salvia on his upper lip.
Sam and Dean decided to conduct the interview process in their father’s office, it was closer and more doable then the two Alphas arguing whether they should hold the interview with the Omega in Sam or Dean’s office. The two Alphas were occupying the large round table which held all the head bosses of every department in this building just a few minutes ago.
That’s where Castiel’s scent remained throughout the entire day, that’s why he could smell it so clearly, it was the main reason why he was currently on the floor, sporting a massive erection between his naked thighs.
Sam didn’t think twice when he got out of his seat and went towards his older brother.
Castiel was on the brink of fainting when Dean began to consume the Omega’s scent from the source, clasping his lips around Castiel’s scent gland and sucking at the skin with animalistic vigor. The Omega’s eyes fluttered closed, inhaling sharply at the hot suction against his skin when to his right, Sam Winchester began to rub his face against Castiel’s, covering the Omega with his own scent.
The Omega’s scent kept getting lighter by the wave, never had the Alpha encountered such a rare perfume of sweetness. The scarcity of such a scent was meant to be locked away in a safe place, like pixie dust sealed in a bottle. And lastly, as if to leave Dean in a fit of sexual frustration, the Alpha picked up the tiny traces of cherry blossoms opening at the sight of spring.
Life was pretty fucking good.
The throne of hell was controlled by one demon; a single ruler with no limits, an egotistical king who was head over heels for himself, an evil relic of powerful authority.
“No thanks to your filthy family.”
“What else could have happened?”
Gabriel disappeared into his office while the Omega faced his boys. “Sam. Dean. I’m sorry you had to see that.”
Dean felt ridiculous at even thinking about this but what if everything that was about to happen would go to total shit? What if Dean couldn’t keep it together and he came off as a total jackass?
Serves him right. But like the dumbass that Dean was, it took him way too long to understand what the heck was happening.
Chuck — bless his heart — immediately reached out and saved him from falling onto his ass. Gabriel, on the other hand, the sly bastard, was smirking at Dean’s reaction and his smirk became a wicked smile as he noticed how shell shocked his little brother looked. The silence continued between Dean and Castiel, and it wasn’t until then that Dean decided to actually check the guy out.
where were Dean’s manners? “I thought you’d never ask. Please, come in, come in.”
Well, to be fair, who didn’t love freckles? The Alpha was very proud of owning the most irresistible freckles on the block, thank you very much. Not that his freckles were the main point — even though they were — but what pushed Dean to pure ecstasy was the simple notion of Castiel touching him without a sexual implication of the Omega wanting to get fucked by him.
Castiel chuckled nervously, jumping in surprise when Sam began to nip at his earlobe, rendering the Omega’s legs to a pool of jelly. “
Dean was starting to become delirious,
Dean extended his hand towards Castiel. “Be mine for tonight.”
A pure allegiance that Crowley never really had.
the Alpha to bite through the unclaimed skin, marking the Omega as his, and losing himself to the carnal urge of fucking Castiel until the Omega couldn’t remember his own name, but he’d sure as hell remember Dean’s name. The Alpha growled as if he were a starved predator, normally, Dean loved playing with his food, but for the Omega pinned beneath him, he was willing to make an exception and go straight for the kill.
The Alpha was fucking pissed off. “Get off me, kid.”
Damaged wall: patched up and filled in. Check.
Castiel took his seat before Gabriel and the Alpha rolled his eyes when the Omega purposely showed off his pale and smooth legs by crossing them over. “Everything is fine here. Inventory is splendid, I fixed all the documentation for you, all you need to do is make sure the numbers are right. The store that ships the food to our diner is great, their prices for us haven’t changed but they do recommend scouting other stores for more rare ingredients that are needed here.”
And it took the Alpha a second to realize that the Omega had finally healed; the bruises coloring his eyes and cheeks had vanished, the cuts against his temple and lips were barely noticeable, traces of dried blood were nowhere to be seen. Castiel looked, well, he looked so
Gabriel snorted. “You are the only waitress I want in my diner. That’s why you’re the highest paid employee here, though nobody knows that, right?”
I wanted them to be rich with love.”
Omega, this was the Omega meant to be with him. And to remind everyone — even Sammy — the Alpha has never asked for anything, for he always gave and gave, but just this one time, Dean was asking for this Omega to be
Garth scoffed, picking up the phone. “In your dreams, lover boy.”
Sam looked across the lawn, spotting a car in the driveway of the house next door and squinting against the afternoon sun to make out the faint silhouette of someone leaning against the car. “Dude, I think you finally got new neighbors.”
Garth groaned at the sound, covering his ears with the pillow and nudging Castiel awake with his leg. “
Bobby faced Rufus, “It’s Thursday, right? So, Castiel closes today. He’ll be off around 9 pm. This is the only day that the diner closes pretty early.”
Bobby and Rufus ordered their usual while John continued to act like a dumb bunny.
Castiel was dressed in a tight navy-blue dress shirt, a matching-colored tie with polka dots that was slightly crooked to the side, and rocking expensive looking black dress pants. Man, Castiel looked so
All the Alphas in the meeting chuckled obnoxiously at John’s words. Sam didn’t.
“Well, then they’re shit heads.”
Should he start with a cheesy line? Should he offer himself to Castiel? Should he introduce himself?
Dean directed his venomous gaze towards the Omega boy and noticed how terrified Jack was,
From Dean’s perspective, the Alpha walking towards his beautiful Omega seemed drunk, intoxicated, and that didn’t sit too well in Dean’s stomach.
The sight of it made him dizzy with sickness, Castiel looked away from the crowds of families and studied the house next door. The Omega’s next-door neighbor had a nice house; it was painted in a dark green color, aligned with finely polished wooden gates that separated Castiel’s new home with theirs, and his neighbor’s lawn was shining with rich grassy pride.
The Alpha could have fainted, he was done,
But even the hate he had against Lucifer wasn’t enough to pull Dean away from the Omega. There was a sweeter pull begging him to stay; even though the Omega was painted in black and blue bruises, damaged with foul scratches scarring his skin, marred with cuts that bled and sparkled in red, and punished with violent marks that screamed of abuse.
. But wait, there was something missing. Dean had a buffer, a reason to talk to the Omega. But what was it? Did he really have something important to ask the Omega?
What bullshit.
The Omega began to get up, abandoning his drink when Dean possessively curled his rough fingers around the Omega’s delicate wrist, crudely whispering. “You’re not leaving here. At least not without me.”
Sam and Dean were bubbling with red hot anger, their pheromones were spilling by the gallon. The entire diner smelt of hatred and bitterness. All these insults towards Castiel were like adrenaline pumping into Sam and Dean’s veins, they wanted to hurt the Alpha and both boys were surging forward to help uncle Gabriel when Castiel pulled them back.
Dean was busy abusing Castiel’s scent gland with his canines, leaving behind possessive claiming marks that bled through the Omega’s snowy white skin.
The Omega turned his head to the side, facing the Alpha while pressing his lips against Dean’s blood covered ones but not kissing him. “
Castiel quickly greeted everyone. “Hey guys, is he here yet?”
The Omega bit into his lower lip, taking another step closer to Dean and holding onto the Alpha’s hands for his dear life. Dean wanted to say something soothing when suddenly, a scent was reaching his nose. It had never occurred to the Alpha that since he met Castiel, the Omega’s scent was never at Dean’s reach until now.
Dean was seriously on the verge of telling Castiel to
The Alpha’s chest was tightening up, it was becoming more and more difficult to hold himself back and not kiss the Omega right here and now. Dean lifted his gaze to the Omega’s fair complexion and the sight there was causing an uncomfortable turmoil to spread across his body. The Alpha could feel his instincts howling in anger, clawing with retribution, and wailing loudly to reach forward and
Gabriel chuckled as he walked towards Lucifer. “So, you think it’s okay to waltz into my diner and harass my Omega customers? Specifically, my brother?”
Running down the stairs was a small man with honey colored gold hair, big brown eyes and the cutest smile Sam has ever seen. “
Lastly, the fourth rule: rent boys were free to leave whenever they wanted. Crowley understood that life was filled with surprises; it was no secret that a few rent boys have fallen in love with their suitors and their suitors loved them in return. This has happened many times and it usually ended the same way; suitors would pay a large fee to obtain the rent boy of their choosing and with a single wave, the rent boy would leave
But enough about rogue demons and their preferences, tonight was considered a
The Alpha wrapped his large and rough fingers around the Omega’s delicate ones, coming closer to Castiel as if he were a wounded animal. “Cas, you’re okay. I’m right here. You don’t have to be afraid of me, I won’t hurt you.”
Garth excitedly perked up, ignoring the Alpha and placing his entire attention towards Castiel. “Hey gorgeous, I haven’t seen you around here. What’s your name?”
Castiel opened and closed his mouth, the Omega rocked back and forth on his heels, seeming incredibly hesitant. “No. Thank you, that’s very nice of you but I’m sure you have better things to do than to deal with someone like me.”
The Alpha didn’t want a short intermission of a relationship with the Omega next door.
Dean was shocked for a second, his eyes were wide in confusion, not believing that Sammy punched him when a cold and intimidating look of dominance took over the Alpha’s face. “I don’t want to fight you, Sammy. Are you gonna keep stopping me or do I have to beat the crap out of you too?”
“Yeah, Cas.”
What a fool he was to believe that.
, where could the Omega even start. Physically, the Alpha was bigger than Castiel, way
. The disappointment would come from Dean’s lack of acting like Prince Charming keen on swooning the princess of the story. But even then, the Alpha knew the reason why he was so nervous. It was a stupid reason in fact, one that Dean feared that as much as he tried to court the Omega, the Omega could easily reject him.
ran a successful website, privy to those who paid in order to become private members and access all the photos of every rent boy available.
Mated Alphas were territorial as fuck and when it came to the scent of their Omegas, they forbade the use of an Omega’s scent to be displayed out in the open, susceptible to the noses of other Alphas who were considered potential threats. Which is why, mated Omegas were prohibited of flaunting their scent to others Alphas.
Dean ignored his younger brother, turning to face the Omega and opening his mouth to say something dirty about Castiel getting fucked by his cock when Sam stepped on his foot, making Dean growl in annoyance. “God, you bitch!”
Castiel timidly looked down at his shoes, “I’m Castiel.”
Castiel gave a pained smile. “Yes, I mean, no. Your hands, they’re not rough.”
Castiel was locking up the register when everyone offered to stay behind and keep him company, the Omega — thankful as always — assured everyone that he was okay with being alone. With warm hugs and goodnight kisses; one by one, all the employees left for home. Aside from Castiel, Gabriel always stayed behind, offering his help and protection whenever it came to the Omega closing by himself.
Bobby was the first to look away, turning his attention to John and snorting. “Ya stupid idjit.”
Dean forgot how to speak. “You’re — uh, sexy — I mean, the pie its freaking awesome, Cas.”
At the mention of porn, Sammy turned to face his older brother with disbelief and pure amazement at how stupid Dean was. “What? Are you seriously talking about porn and banging an Omega worker?”
Rowena got up from the bed, placing her laptop on a nearby desk and resting her hands on her hips. “You boys don’t understand, me and Fergus have been trying for
Castiel’s eyes widened in worry, his pupils dilating adorably while his features adopted the expression of a frightened puppy. The Omega wanted to caress Dean’s tired face, kiss away the Alpha’s troubles, and allow Dean to touch Castiel for as long as he needed. No joke, the Omega was about to act on those maternal instincts when he caught himself at the very last minute.
The Alpha smirked, stepping aside and presenting Castiel, purposely showing him off because the Omega was worth being spoiled with attention. “Bobby, this is Castiel. Cas, this is my ever-charming boss, Bobby. Cas is my next-door neighbor.”
Dean covered his mouth, trying to hide his laughter while Sam smiled in a speechless manner. “Usually, I’m a top.”
Dean pressed his hand against the window, whispering beneath his breath. “I’m here, gorgeous. I’m right here, you’re not alone.”
, Castiel would not dwell on the past. What’s done is done and now he had to suck it up. Sitting in the passenger seat, Castiel remained quiet, looking through the window and avoiding certain triggers that would make Lucifer blow up into maddening pieces. The Alpha was beyond angry, the pheromones of pure sulfur contaminated the car, the scent was stronger due to the rolled-up windows.
the Alpha had a terrible yet depressing thought.
Jack sadly whimpered. “Oh
friendly with one another. I don’t like it.”
The Omega tenderly pushed himself away from Dean, causing the Alpha to immediately fasten his grip on Castiel’s waist but the Omega managed to will himself away from Dean’s grabby hands.
They were in his hands.
“Bitch.”
Castiel lustfully raked his eyes over Dean’s muscular body. “Is that a promise?”
The dark droplets of blood dripped down to the floor, staining the carpet nearby. Dean’s ears perked up as he barely heard the Omega’s soft and broken voice pleading for help, begging for anyone to help him. An unbearable pain was spreading across his chest, making Dean’s breathing ragged as he continued hearing frightened whimpers of the Omega begging his Alpha…
You both are
And besides, Dean feared that if he were anywhere outside of his locked bedroom door and another wave of intense desire overtook him; he’d definitely be capable of leaving his home, breaking into the house next door and fucking Castiel with no mercy.
Sam and Dean were co-presidents, sharing equal power amongst each other. Having multiple co-presidents wasn’t rare, in fact, it assured the Winchester legacy. When and if, John Winchester dies, the presidency will be left to Sam and Dean Winchester. Both would run the company equally; Sam would handle the finances related to the company.
What was the point? Castiel was gone.
Even if the Omega tried to cover it up, the mark was seared into the Alpha’s brain. But now that the bite mark was covered, Dean could see the fading red marks circling the Omega’s neck. The Alpha narrowed his eyes, suddenly realizing that the object responsible for those marks was the black leather collar that the Omega wore yesterday.
Sam threw his hands up in abandoned defeat, being completely done with his older brother. “Dean, Castiel can talk to whoever he wants and what rights do we have to tell him otherwise?”
Chuck gave a villainous smirk. “Of course, let’s hope you get lost and end up in Castiel’s bed.”
And the introduction of unwanted scents, especially aromas belonging to other Alphas, whether mated or not, was setting Dean’s teeth on edge. Right now, the Alpha was vulnerable and he’d defend his territory with his bare hands, killing any Alpha who dared to intrude into the privacy of his home. Dean was becoming territorial, like when a wolf bears his teeth at an enemy who wants to dominate him.
Bobby studied Dean carefully, noticing the Alpha’s impatience. “Son, are you alright?”
“Don’t mommy me. Now, eat.”
Dean slowly turned to face Sammy, his eyes wide in offense and his teeth bared, almost asking for a fight. “Can you stop being such a whiny bitch?”
, that would be sexy.
While Sam and Dean were off to college, Mary Winchester became sick and eventually died. Mary was the main reason why John kept his opinions of Omegas at bay but when she died, the loss of his mate affected the Alpha negatively. John began to drink a lot and his quiet yet smart demeanor transformed into something awful.
Jack brightened up at the mention of Castiel’s name. “
Castiel rested his temple against the Alpha’s cheek, slightly aware that Dean’s growling began to heighten in volume. “No, you’re not hurting me.”
This was a whole new level of how far Dean would go to be with this Omega. But hell, it wasn’t the Alpha’s fault that the Omega looked so sexy like this; vulnerable, exposed, and beautifully bare to Dean’s eyes.
green. I’m eating rabbit food.”
the Alpha wanted to say.
They had it so bad for their mom.
At the moment, Dean felt like shit, he was nowhere near the happy state of being the host and entertaining his guests. The Alpha muttered underneath his breath, rubbing at his temples and growling in an irritated manner. Dean left his bedroom, slamming the door behind him and stomping his way down the stairs, ready to tell the asshole ruining his day to
to covet Castiel like he was the holy grail, hiding him away from those who didn’t deserve to lay their eyes upon the Omega. The two Alphas inhaled deeply, greedily drinking down the Omega’s essence, instantly feeling their pupils dilating with lustful eagerness.
“I want you.”
The Alpha felt empowered when he noticed the Omega’s lower lip trembling uncontrollably. “You’re so pathetic, Cas. You’re just a slut waiting to be — “
satisfied and wanting more of us.”
The Alpha pouted, ruthlessly grabbing Castiel’s hand. “Come on baby doll, don’t be like that. I can show you a good time.”
While Sam was downing a salad made of kale and some other green shit, Dean was watching his younger brother from the bed with a look of disgust on his face. Dean never did understand the appeal for healthy meals. Dean was about to voice his opinions about Sam’s love affair with kale when a knock came to their door.
Castiel was on the brink of insanity, the Omega couldn’t handle the spilling overload of Sam and Dean’s attention towards him. Castiel tried to breathe, tried to force down the loud thumping of his heart against his chest while stealing himself away from Sam and Dean’s rutting ministrations, weakly voicing the termination of their close encounter but it was fruitless at best.
pretty and it felt wrong leaving the Omega alone with that monster, Sam could stay over one more night but school was about to start in a couple days and he needed time to refresh his memory on the material that would be taught again in this semester.
Was this real? There, on top of Castiel’s delicate hands, were two pies.
But the impulse to curse at himself for being a complete dipshit was not powerful enough to piss him off, sure, he was annoyed at himself but nothing could beat down the happiness infecting Dean at the moment. The love of his life just kissed him and that proved to the Alpha that Castiel wasn’t rejecting him, there was a fighting chance that he might end up mating with the Omega.
Castiel paid the Omega boy in cash, using debit or credit cards was never Lucifer’s favorite method. “I don’t think I am. Why do you ask?”
Dean ordered a whiskey, a predatory smile on his lips. “Hi there, sweetheart.”
Dean snorted softly, tracing his thumb across Castiel’s cheekbone. “Isn’t it obvious?”
This wasn’t right, this was all wrong. The cuts underneath the Omega’s left eye seemed to run deeper than expected, they were nasty and full of hatred. Dean could feel himself inching closer to the pool of rage bubbling in his stomach, losing his temper and finding Lucifer, grabbing the abusive Alpha and beating the flipping shit out of him before Dean killed him slowly and painfully.
Dean looked at Sam as though his younger brother wounded his pride somehow, the Alpha looked back at the house next door. Dean snarled angrily; he was pissed, furious, and helpless. The Alpha looked back at Sam, his lips forming into a thin line as he surged forward and punched through the wooden fence, breaking a piece of wood and bitterly tossing it onto his lawn.
Without wanting too, Dean pulled away from the Omega.
The number of men Dean has slept with was possibly reaching the figures involving three digits, personally such an achievement was meant to be bragged about but not all sexual encounters were Oscar worthy. But Dean has never been reckless enough to fuck a man without a condom. Although Dean has been tainted with the hues of sin and wrongdoings, being an older brother, he didn’t want Sam to live this life.
Without warning, their mouths were latching onto the Omega’s flesh again.
was there an Omega that he desperately wanted to be with for more than 24 hours.
Just what the hell.
“You have no idea what I’ve been through; you don’t know about my past, my present, and you certainly won’t know my future. You think I’m a slut? A whore? A cock sucking bitch? Gosh, when did I get the honor of getting so many titles? And what about you? Aren’t you wearing a human mask as well? Putting on an entire show of presenting yourself as a charming, irresistible, and sweet person when in reality, you’re just like every other Alpha, a heartless bully.”
Of course, that night, Castiel got pregnant and a few months later, Dean Winchester, a healthy baby boy who was an Alpha, was born.
Rufus exhaled happily and snapped his fingers to get John’s attention. “You like Castiel, don’t you?”
While the Alpha was battling with the embarrassment of being a lovesick pumpkin, the Omega was admiring Dean’s home. For the first time, in all of Castiel’s life, this was the first house that the Omega felt… safe in. There was a warm feeling caressing his skin, an ambient of a sanctuary that was capable of protecting Castiel from the monster that kept him hostage since he was a child.
But hey, for $392,000, the Winchesters were willing to go all the way.
Sex. It was basically sex in his damn mouth,
Chuck smirked at the faint blush coloring Sam’s cheeks. “Donna, can you find Gabriel and tell him that his birthday presents are here.”
. I’m so glad that uncle Gabriel kept making more rompers for our mom. My favorite is the beige one.”
“You can hold me if you want.”
the sight before Dean was illegal. Castiel was wearing tight black jeans, an even tighter white dress shirt, black dress shoes, and his adorable trench coat.
Castiel pushed himself away from the headboard, smacking Garth’s bottom again. “A
But aside from that, The Winchester Company has been thriving by the year, sales were going up and expansion of their company resembled that of deadly virus infecting every country, but in a good way. There was only one concern in John’s mind and that was figuring out why his handsome, intelligent, and
Sam and Dean looked up at their mother, both of their faces were flushed as they began to smother Castiel with wet and needy kisses. They were both touched starved, they needed to feel the Omega against them and they wanted to be with Castiel so badly that their Alpha instincts were roaring with desperation.
“I’m yours to abuse, beautiful.” The Alpha said with a wink.
Of course, Dean enjoyed having sex with multiple Omegas every day; the Alpha was a flirt, attractive, seductive, and a playboy. You couldn’t blame him if the change in the company meant nothing to him, Omegas had jobs and that was the point, the Alpha believed that everyone should be grateful for the income they earned and the nonsense of lowering every Omega’s pay grade and position was unimportant.
The Alpha could feel his old self coming back online, so, he opened his eyes.
The killing spree of families left behind the wealth of abandoned homes; all being taken over by rogue demons. Slowly, the method of tyranny began to consume the earth. Hell itself, in all its failed glory, never even came close to this type of domination, an action not happily welcomed by Crowley who kept light tags on all rogue demons.
I was so worried about you, what happened?”
The three Alphas nodded excitedly, “Sounds perfect, my love!”
“But its hella satisfying.”
“And complementing him isn’t respecting him?”
Many beasts were created: reapers, crossroad demons, knights of hell, hell hounds, fallen angels, princes of hell, yellow eyed demons, old world monsters along with scarier siblings that couldn’t necessarily be tamed by chaining them to a cell. The spawns of hell were perfected up to the last detail; Crowley adored his children; the Alpha took pride in his monsters.
Castiel looked past Dean and onto his awaited date. “Lucifer?”
Castiel was the cutest angel Dean has ever known. “Cas, you’re literally blowing my mind. I fucking love pie. Like
Dean didn’t need to be told twice.
Although The Winchester Company is considered fairly
. The man leaning against the car and facing them was… gorgeous beyond belief.
Listen to me very closely, Mr Winchester. This will be the last time we will ever see or talk to each other again. I never want to see you again as long as I live. Just stay away from me. You already hurt me, isn’t that what you wanted? Isn’t that enough?”
Without further ado, Crowley gave the Winchesters his card, ending his elevator pitch with a cheesy line and leaving Sam and Dean with their mouths open. It wasn’t obvious to the Winchesters but Crowley knew that in a matter of 24 hours, Sam and Dean would go chasing after him, desperately accepting his offer.
John was flustered, still observing Castiel from a distance. “He is pretty.”
But Dean was frozen, he couldn’t move. Like seriously, he couldn’t move. The Alpha’s arms were rigidly stuck to his sides, his feet were nailed to the ground, and his entire body was tense as shit. Dean should probably move. Dammit body,
The Omega could feel his fingers prickling in a frenzy manner, the violent urgency to comb through Sam’s silky hair and hear the Alpha growl at the touch, was making Castiel yearn like a twelve-year-old girl drunk off of teenage hormones. Unlike Dean Winchester; Sam’s face was clean, smooth skin shining in full glory and Castiel wanted nothing more than to cup the Alpha’s face, peppering Sam’s cheeks with docile kisses until the Alpha couldn’t hold back the temptation any longer, claiming the Omega’s lips as his.
It was time to cook dinner, Lucifer would be home soon.
Bobby smirked. “Keeping track, are we? Did you miss us?”
Dean painfully looked up at Castiel and the amount of guilt he felt at seeing the Omega being utterly heartbroken, was destroying him.
On the other side of the pool, on the upper level, there were five beach chairs perfectly lined together with another set of lounging chairs and a marble table. There was a wide driveway that led to the front of the pool, where Sam and Dean could see expensive looking cars residing with one another under the morning sun.
On the fifth day, Crowley received a call from Sam and Dean, timid voices on the other end asking if Crowley’s offer remained available. Of course, it bloody was. The very next day, Sam and Dean were summoned to visit Crowley’s brothel. In all fairness, the boys believed that their future home would be dirty, broken down, filled with male prostitutes offering themselves to anyone who passed by, and claustrophobic with older men drunk of their asses and harassing anyone close by.
The Alpha’s teeth were aching for a small taste of the Omega’s skin,
This was some pretty nice shit.
, Dean was experiencing the purest moment in all of his life.
all the Alphas who were exactly him, the Omega didn’t deserve to be preyed on and he certainly wasn’t a piece of meat waiting to be pulled apart. Every cruel Alpha in Castiel’s life has been nothing more than a predatory black leech that has thrived on the Omega’s suffering, leaving him bloodless and damaged.
Then with red colored cheeks taking over his complexion along with a hint of embarrassment reeking through his pores, the younger Alpha awkwardly stuck out his hand and introduced himself. “I’m John, John Winchester.”
. The aroma was weak,
If the Alpha wasn’t careful, his heart was in danger of exploding in his chest. It was seriously frightening, the way Dean and Castiel kept gazing at each other, neither of them daring to look away. It made the Alpha feel absolutely naked in front of the Omega, letting his soul being exposed so easily without putting up a fight and miraculously, letting Castiel see him for who he was, something Dean has never done before.
The Alpha looked down at himself and
he was terrible at this. “Look, I know this may sound strange but are you okay?”
“Listen asshole. You’re just one regular demon amongst hundreds of rogue demons. Do the math, I’m sure you know how this ends. And besides, what does a regular demon want with a human Omega?”
John looked down at his sons, a thought coming to his mind. “Call him. And as for the interview process, I’ll let me sons handle that part. Your brother has one hour to get here before I change my mind.”
The Alpha didn’t want to do this, but he needed to sleep. At least for a little while, perhaps that would clear away the cobwebs holding the memory of the Omega being abused and him, the helpless fool, doing nothing except watching. Slowly, very slowly, Dean let the heaviness of his eyelids fall down, closing his eyes and blocking the view of his room.
It was a sight Castiel wasn’t used to. The Omega found it strange when his eyes witnessed the definition of what a typical family should look like; multiple pups that were the spitting images of their parents, a loving mate who adored their partner, the white picket fence house that screamed of stability, and true happiness spilling by the bottle.
The idea of Castiel covered in Sam and Dean’s semen was too much for the Alpha boys to even think about; the mere thought of seeing their mother naked and ready, loose and wet, begging for their cocks to be inside the Omega and —
Once Castiel drank the whole cup of water and his hiccups finally stopped, the Omega was ever grateful to Benny. “Thank you.”
Dean slapped away Sam’s hands, groaning and bumping his shoulder against Sammy’s. “Don’t get your lacy panties in a wad, grandma. You’re no fun at all. I hope these Novak boys aren’t as lame as you.”
Dean let out a guttural growl, his lips pulled back into a snarl. “And who the hell dismissed you from this conversation?”
There it was again, another dose of awesome pain. Dean clutched at his abdomens, grinding his canines together and hearing his jawline cracking, he was putting too much force on his mouth but he couldn’t help it. The Alpha felt his vision going in and out again, a cloudy fogginess making it difficult to see anything really.
Castiel screamed, reaching back with his hand to grab a handful of the Alpha’s hair, roughly pulling at the strands. The Omega, the naughty boy that he was, began to roll his hips, purposely taking Dean’s engorged cock in between his plump ass cheeks and sliding himself up and down, sloppily drenching the Alpha’s girth with his slick.
Castiel smiled at Garth, giving the next order to the Omega cook and stopping by to see Sam and Dean. “Hey loves. Are you both okay?”
The Alpha took a sip of his coffee and groaned lewdly, facing everyone in the diner. “Okay everyone! I know you have the hots for me but stop making goo goo eyes at me and start working! Y’all can open the diner now if you want. And by the way, thank you all for getting your asses here on time. Castiel, follow me.”
Dean could feel the beginnings of a huge smile on his lips, at least he didn’t offend the gorgeous creature. “Are you okay?”
Again, their expectations of entering a hellhole filled with dirty whores were immediately revoked; all the rent boys were dressed
Then there was the intoxicating scent of alcohol; specifically, the warm and spicy burn of a whiskey bottle tilted towards the Omega’s lips. Castiel could taste the smooth liquid running down his throat, leaving him with a burning sensation that debauched his entire existence. It should have made the Omega ashamed of how desperately he wanted to rip his clothes off, letting Dean touch him in every sinful way that made the Bible burn in horror.
And now being exposed to such affection was passionately getting the Alpha going, Dean was pushing himself further into the Omega’s hand, burying himself like the way a lion nudges softly into their mate’s cheek. Dean
The Omega turned at the sound of the husky voice making his skin crawl — in the best ways possible — and smiled like a dork, he’s only heard this line so many times. “Hi there.”
So many why’s.
Dean lifted his hands in the air, proving that he meant no harm. “I’m not gonna hurt you, Cas. I wouldn’t dream of it. I just — let me help you however way I can. I actually work at a repair shop and we’re always getting cuts and wounds on our hands, we’re usually always ready with the first aid kit. Come with me. It’s not that far, I swear.”
Not that they were complaining but having a roof over their heads was far better than living on the streets. Life was alright, but it could be better. And then one day, everything changed for them. Sam and Dean were walking up the stairs to their motel room, coming back from sucking off two guys in an alleyway when a sleazy man with a finely pressed suit was waiting for them at their front door.
The Alpha wanted to mark his territory as his own, not allowing any Alpha to even
Castiel was basically running towards the diner located at the corner of the road, a small little place that highlighted the forest ambient in Lawrence, Kansas.
Garth got off the bed, looking down at the pile of clothes and facing Castiel with a worried look. “Oh boy.”
And then his eyes,
“Okay, okay, okay. I’ll go do my job and you eat your breakfast.”
Dean, without any mercy, began to fuck the Omega like a possessed demon. Headboard totally forgotten.
The aroma was coming in nonstop waves, vibrating at a degree that made Dean uncomfortably murderous along with a side of being cruel. The scent was offensive, it was causing the Alpha’s canines to appear and to prepare for a bloody fight. It was an unmovable force, Dean wanted nothing more than to remove that acidic fragrance from his home, overpowering that aroma with his natural scent.
John snarled predatorily as he chased after Castiel’s mouth, the Alpha hurriedly reached down and tore the bottom half of the Omega’s romper into pieces. Then John’s hand traveled up Castiel’s back and landed on the Omega’s messy raven hair. The Alpha grabbed a handful of them, harshly pulling back the Omega’s head and exposing Castiel’s unclaimed throat.
Garth struggled to carry Castiel, giving a huff of annoyance as he cupped and lifted Castiel’s ass. “Bitch, either tell me now or I’m gonna drop your fat ass.”
Castiel shuddered at the thought of Lucifer and went back to people watching, it didn’t seem too long that the Omega went drifting away in his mind when he noticed a group of children — from the faint smell, Alphas and Omegas — shyly staring at him. Castiel felt awkward, these children were literally staring at him like he was an alien or something.
long time for the Omega proceeded to do the most cutest thing ever known to this boring ass earth. The Omega was evidently confused for he squinted his eyes and formed the most adorable pout on his mouth. And
Then by a force of nature ripping him from his daydreams, the Alpha found himself panicking at the events unfolding before him. Dean didn’t notice it until now, that the Omega was shyly caressing the Alpha’s cheeks. Dean’s brain short circuited for a second, what the heck was happening?
“Maybe its an Alpha friend.”
Blood. Omega. Abuse. Blue eyes. Rape. Dark hair.
“Yes.”
Castiel looked back at the Winchester Company, eyeing the top floor and purring at the lingering Winchester scent imprinted onto his skin. “The things I’m about to tell you are gonna blow your friggin’ brains out.”
Sam and Dean snarled aggressively before heading towards their mom, hugging the Omega and keeping Castiel safe.
Awesome.
Dean always thought that the Omega boy was kind of an odd ball but a sweet kid, and somehow, he kind of understood why Jack got along with Castiel, they were basically the same person. “That’s great, kid. Listen, did he say anything about me? Was he okay? Did he seem hurt? Sad? Angry? Anything?”
Jobs equivalent to the duties of a maid were an Omega’s second chance at avoiding becoming a prostitute. These positions included becoming a secretary, cleaning, assistant, delivery boy/girl, attending phone calls, and other positions that were easy enough to learn in one day. Such positions were considered offensive to Henry Winchester.
The Alpha slammed the Omega against the car, shoving himself into the Omega’s face and harshly whispering unheard threats that failed to reach Dean’s ears. The Alpha had the absolute balls to shove the Omega against the car again, this time harder. Dean managed to catch a few words of anger escaping the Alpha’s mouth, something about the angelic Omega exiting the car without his permission and how later on today, the Omega will get what he deserves.
what has Dean done? Everything that he just said to Castiel. How could he take them back? How on earth was he capable of hurting the one person he cared for the most? The Omega was right, what the hell was his problem? But
Castiel nodded with excitement. “Yes, yes! I’ll take the job.”
But before Castiel knew it, Dean was already entering the kitchen. The Omega tried his best to keep up with the Alpha’s pace but Dean was a big guy with long legs, two steps for the Alpha was like twenty for Castiel. Dean entered the kitchen, going around the kitchen island and leaning against the counter while the Omega stayed across from him.
“Okay, if you guys get hungry or anything let me know.”
Dean thought about Sam’s words for a second, smiling in astonishment. “I’ve never felt this way before, especially for an Omega.”
Sam stood in front of Dean, noticing the slight tinge of red coloring Chuck’s cheeks. “Sorry about my brother, he’s the joke of the family and usually straightforward. Mr — Chuck, we received your request but we’re not sure who we’re pleasing in your family.”
