“Sir, would you like me to prepare your pain medication?” JARVIS is always so helpful, even when he's being a snarky asshole, still, Tony groans, pushing himself up to sit with a grimace.
“That so, and here I thought you might like it.” Ah there it is, Steve's ears are a little red, but that doesn't seem to stop him from getting a double handful of Tony's backside and squeezing. Tony definitely does not let out a surprised little squeak at that.
Steve has always found heartbeats to be soothing, almost mystical in their cadence. He remembers curling up with Bucky when he was small and skinny, and the draftiness of his tiny apartment in the winter made it dangerous to sleep alone. Bucky's heartbeat is strong and steady where Steve's sometimes flutters and beats too slow or too fast.
“Captain Rogers, Sir would like to see you in the data crux if you are not otherwise engaged.”
“No Pep, not done yet, gotta, gotta-” What follows is an equation so complex it leaves Steve wondering if it's even real, or just something Tony's half asleep brain cooked up.
He stood, dusting his gloves off, and turning to go back to where the quinjet waited for him. “You can rest easier now Bucky, wherever you may be.” Zemo had been wrong about a lot of things, none the least of which were Steve’s full motivations for hunting him down. He was right about wanting to protect his new team, but Steve had once been an army man, and Zemo had caused the death of his brother in arms. Steve was not above vengeance for Bucky, or vengeance for the countless lives Zemo had taken, or the helpless people he once tortured with all the glee of a man pulling the wings off a fly.
“Hey Iron Man,”  He said, walking over to rest his hand on the armor, “you feeling alright?  You were paralyzed there for a little bit.”  he hoped he sounded more confident than he felt.  Seeing the armor still, the lights dimmed, he had momentarily feared for the worst, but Tony had recovered quickly, and rejoined them all in the fight without a hitch.  The armor wasn’t even scratched, looking as glossy and well fitted as ever.  Beneath the cowl Steve felt his cheeks pink.
“Tony, oh God, baby no.” Steve says, and Tony can't even begin to compute that statement, holding onto the grab bar next to the toilet for dear life.  “I'm going to touch you, okay?” Steve says, all caution and worry, and affection that Tony can't possibly have earned.  Tony just groans, trying to stave off the nausea, the grab bar is cold against his clammy forehead. Warm hands stroke over his back in slow soothing circles, and Tony shudders. He feels rotten. As if something has climbed into his skin and made its home there. Sometimes he forgets what he used to be,
The time finally arrived, a little less than a year after becoming Captain America, on the heels of receiving the shield from President Roosevelt himself-and gosh that had been surreal beyond imagining-he was introduced to one Bucky Barnes.  He was just a few years younger than Steve, former unofficial camp Le High mascot, and a mouthy, scrappy little alpha the likes of which a pre-serum Steve Rogers would have gotten along with like a house on fire.  He’d looked up at Steve as if he’d hung the moon in the sky, and Steve had vowed to keep him as safe as he possibly could.  Not that Bucky really needed his help, as it turned out.  He was a bigger handful than a bag of angry ferrets, a fantastic marksman, cocky and willing to jump into a fire for a friend at a moment’s notice-and Steve wouldn’t have had it any other way.
a lot.” Tony presses against Steve, uncaring that he's shamelessly draped across the man's lap in a public space. If pictures of this somehow get out the stock dip will be worth it for the way Steve is looking at him right now.
Clint shifts on the Ferrari, turning towards the movement in his peripheral vision and screams, clutching the box to his chest when he sees them. He bolts away at top speed. It's actually kind of impressive. Tony didn't know he could run that fast.
“Avengers meeting, tomorrow, Nine o'clock sharp Shellhead, don't be late.” Steve says without missing a beat.
“But,” Tony’s eyes were so wide, so blue, Steve desperately wanted to kiss him.
“Well, I could make you my kept man, then you could be just Steve Rogers all the time, but you won't let me buy you presents.” He's not pouting, he's
“Well, you're the short and sweet one.” Steve says, snickering when that sets Tony off into an insulted rant.
“Steve, you can take the jet anytime you need it, but you're across the world, thought you might need some backup from your good friend the tin man, but I see you have everything in hand.” Tony smiled, leaning closer to his phone. His lids were lined with a dark, inky liner, emphasizing the blue of his eyes, and the length of his lashes. The way he was looking at Steve was so searching, so filled with real concern that Steve felt a little dizzy. “You
“Oh my god, you little-I'll have you know I fill out this armor quite nicely, and if it was
-----------------------------------------------------
gorgeous, look at
“Huh. I doubt our fair dragon monster had any use for a fancy paperclip.” He murmurs, fighting the urge to rub at his chest with the memory of that thing trying to rip the arc out. “I'm betting you've already run the serial number.”
“Thought Thor was mister muscle.”  Steve says, feigning ignorance, but Tony has his number.
Tony is warm when he wakes up. The smooth coolness of a silk encased pillow cradles his face where he has turned into it. The heavy weight of cover atop him makes him snuggle deeper into the comfort of his bed. It's almost enough to distract him from the crushing pain in his chest, and the too tight feeling in his lungs. Everything hurts. Tony really regrets waking up. He had been having such a pleasant dream too. Something about Captain America picking him up and oh so gently carrying him into bed. Tony pauses, suddenly registering that yes, he really is in his room, and no, he is no longer in what was once his mother's favorite sitting room.
“Who's that?” Steve asks, head cocked curiously, almost hopefully, but maybe that's just wishful thinking on Tony's part.
Tony props his head on Steve's lap while Clint scrolls through their massive movie selection. Hulk has already eaten through a pile of snacks, but he appears to have several more stacks within reach. On the other couch, Jan and Natasha are playing rock paper scissors over the last box of sour candy gummy worms. Thor is singing loudly and off key to Jane over the phone while Sam covers his ears with one hand and tries to hide the box of cookies he snuck into the tower beneath a pillow on his lap.
“Uhh, I'm always down for a party, but what are we celebrating?” Tony wheezes, staggering over to Steve where he pretends not to be putting the supersoldier between himself and their very enthusiastic friend.
When Natasha returns with Tony's medication, he's passed out across Steve's chest. He rouses briefly to take the pills, swallowing them down with the aid of Steve's leftover tea, pulling a face at the taste of the medicine's coating.
“Oh really-can't have that.” Steve says, pulling off of Tony's cock with an all too satisfied grin. Tony pulls at his hair gently, urging him up.
“Hey baby, come here often?” Tony says, giggling slightly when Steve snorts and traps him against his chest.
“Yeah, I know you would, but don't. SHIELD has him now and they're keeping him for a long while.” It's a pleasant thought, if anything it will make parties easier to deal with, knowing Justin Hammer won't be able to make an appearance.  Steve sets him down once they reach the kitchen, hugging him close for a moment before releasing him into the wilds of the kitchen. Tony wanders over to the coffee maker to fix himself a mug of his favorite elixir of life. It's quiet in the room; the only sounds the metallic clink of his spoon on the ceramic cup, and the ping of Tony's emails going off in the pocket of his leggings.
He has programmed inactivity, cell death into the nanites, but that makes them unstable. The Musculoskeletal ones were the simplest, and he doesn't know why those work better than the rest. Bogota, Osaka, Berlin, Barcelona, next month Helsinki, all technological hubs, but no one seems to have the answer he's seeking. Tony swears, rubbing his palms over his tired eyes.
Tony mouths incredulously, but he accepts the flowers regardless.  His hands are shaking.
“Steve-” He tries again, not even sure if he'll have anything of substance to say, and Steve just sits back to kiss over his forehead, over his eyelids when they flutter shut, and he just can't with that. It's too sweet, too open and vulnerable, Steve is hugging him again, pulling him in tight, cradling the back of his skull when Tony rests his head against his shoulder.
-To everyone on The Tony Stark Defense League Discord who listened to me yowling in frustration ILY more than words can express!
“Cap, I’m fine, really, just a minor setback.”  The helmet retracted, Steve didn’t know it could do that.  Tony was smiling down at him, his eyes looked more dilated than they probably should have been.  Steve stood up a little straighter, peered into his face searchingly.  Tony stared back at him, he frowned.  “Have you been having trouble sleeping?”
“Sir, are you sure?” JARVIS says, speaking now all around him from the speakers within the helmet. Tony turns his palms down, assuming flight position as the escape tunnel beneath the mansion opens up and lights from within.
“I meant, can I touch you-” Steve sounds almost abashed, but he doesn't let that stop him. “inside, can I, Tony, sweetheart?” There's strong hands running over his skin, gentle and loving. Tony knows without a doubt that if he says no, Steve will drop this all, scoot back under the covers and cuddle him until the day has well and truly started. Steve is good like that. Maybe he should have higher standards than a partner that takes a 'no' seriously, but Steve is so many things, most of them good, a lot of them stubborn and pigheaded. Tony loves him more than he ever thought he could love anyone. The thought of Steve touching him, maybe pushing into him, moving in him, yeah. Tony definitely wants that.
He didn’t need the comms to hear Thor bellowing mightily, and the lightning was pretty loud too, but it was good, fighting with the team at his side was always good, no matter how exhausted he was, how jittery and unsteady he felt when rushes and drops ebbed and flowed into each other like water.  He was fine, he could take it.
“Hey there fella.” He says quietly, when Tony leans up against him, sipping his coffee and watching the team through just barely open eyes. Sleepy morning Tony is truly a sight to behold, Steve smiles when Tony mutters about nanites into his mug; seemingly content to just drink his coffee and slump against him until he catches sight of the pastry on Thor's plate.
“Well,”  Sarah began delicately, “I suppose sometimes they can see into ah, their partner’s heads, but that’s only if they’re with an alpha, and only at certain special times.  I wouldn’t know though, your old man was an alpha, and so am I.”  The way she said it meant it was adult stuff, probably like kissing, and whatever was on page six Steve wasn’t allowed to look at.  Steve got the feeling he was missing out on a lot there, but it was a good enough explanation for the time being.
“Dunno. You're always running ahead, all those big ideas in your big brain.”
“Oh you’ve done it now.”  Tony said, but he sounded delighted.  He shot the camera a salute with his free hand, and a round of clapping and cheering met the action.  Steve had performed in front of crowds before, but this was something else.
“So that's it, you're just going to dangle yourself out for him then.”  Steve can’t help his utter dissatisfaction with this plan from making itself known in his tone.
“I just...I don't-How is he not getting it? Is he not interested, am I overstepping does he not want-” Steve swallows thickly. “Me. Does he not want me?”
And that's just. Steve feels like his body is full of light. He feels like laughing, he feels like crying. Most of all he really wants to kiss Tony. He doesn't think anyone has ever felt that way about him, he's never felt
Hours later the team congregates around a wide conference table discussing everything that went wrong as well as everything that did work. Jan is in the middle of illustrating the solid kick she landed on Doctor Doom's pointy chin when Iron man walks in wearing an armor Steve has yet to see.
“Thank you Tony.” He whispers, kissing the soft shiny hair at the crown of Tony's head.
“Cap if you don't do him soon
“You've got something,” he murmurs, turning his palm slightly, and Tony sucks in a ragged breath. He has touched Tony like this before, but something about this moment makes it different. He wants Tony, wants so badly that his hands almost tremble with it.  “Right here.” Steve watches with fascination as Tony's pupils blow out when he drags his thumb over a smudge at the corner of Tony's mouth. Soft, so soft. Steve can feel the warmth of Tony's breath over his fingers. He curls them, tucking them around the curve of Tony's jaw. That electric hum gets almost imperceptibly louder as Steve leans in. He rubs over soft lips again, before slipping his thumb down and out of the way. It feels charged between them, tension ratcheting higher as their eyes lock and Steve feels suddenly hot all over.
It takes just moments after that to reach Tony's room. The door helpfully pops open when he stands in front of it. Proof positive that JARVIS has been watching their progress the entire time. It's comforting to Steve. The AI certainly would have spoken up if he was doing something wrong.
The next morning he called on the De Rossi’s, telling them he was shipping out soon, and not to worry when his visits and gym training sessions stopped.  They held him together, prayed for his safety, and had made him a breakfast feast fit for a king.  It was bittersweet, they were both proud of him, that much was obvious, but they were afraid too.  He thought of their pictures of Eleonora, the empty seat at the dining room table, and he hoped he wouldn’t become an empty seat too.
Steve whimpers when Tony slides down his body to swallow his cock down effortlessly, and pushes clever fingers inside him. It's all gasping pleasure and the hot thrill of sensation as Tony takes him apart again; the glitter of his eyes is full of pride, but later he snuggles close and presses their lips together in tender kisses that make Steve flush down to his toes to taste himself on Tony's mouth.
“I'm decorating, Steven, unless-” Tony pauses, fixing Steve with a contemplative glance, but Steve beats him to the punch.
Natasha shook her head, meticulously peeling the wrapper from her muffin as she spoke.  “Not really, but Clint and I were thinking of running some training drills, would you like to join us?”  That sure sounded nice, and maybe it would tire him out enough to sleep well that evening.
Steve laughs, nodding, adjusting the grip on the flowers behind his back and grinning when Tony claps his hands together-all bright eyes and unstoppable excitement. He's either feeling a lot better than the he was a few days ago, or he's better at hiding it now. Steve sniffs, the minty scent is still there but it's not as strong as it was before. He hopes Tony hasn't been down here working on something for him when he could have been resting.
“Oh, I'm offering.” Tony says, low and hot. “You have to let me up though, and I'm going to need an hour.” Strong hands run all over Steve's chest, under his shirt, then down to cup the heavy weight of his cock where it's leaving a wet spot against the front of his sweats.  “Wow. Yeah, and my bedroom please, I'm going to need a lot of lube.”
“Hmph.”  Namor grunted, and sank beneath the waves with his guard, just as swiftly as he had arrived.
“Ave Maria, gratia plena,”  He said under his breath.  He closed his eyes, swallowed, and then sat on the bed beside Steve.  “Close your eyes Steve.”  It was an easy request to follow, his eyes already felt heavy, his body felt tired, as if he’d been running without respite for years and finally gotten to rest.  “Thank you.”  Tony murmured, slipping a hand into Steve’s hair.
“Verily Thor, it is. Now how about we start baking?” Tony answers with a wide smile.  Clint looks absolutely joyous at the prospect of homemade holiday cookies. His enthusiasm is infectious, as are the carols JARVIS helpfully streams through his many speakers. By the end the kitchen is an absolute wreck, but it's worth it for the giant plates of cookies lining almost every surface of the breakfast room. To the surprise of no one, Sam is great at cookie decoration, Hulk being fantastic at it however-that does come as a shock. He lovingly recreates Santa's reindeer, sleigh, and the jolly man himself in gingerbread.
“Of course, tell me all about them.” He murmurs, listening intently as Tony begins detailing the invention of a new material. Steve nods along, rubbing Tony's hands again, then slipping his hand beneath his shirt to stroke over his stomach once Tony has relaxed and gone soft and sleepy as the night goes on. Tony's jaw cracks on a yawn, lids drooping tiredly when Steve turns his head to rub his cheek against Tony's.
He laid there panting against the covers for longer than he kept track of. He’d drooled a little onto the sheets, his cheek was wet, but he couldn’t have cared less.
he thinks only slightly hysterically, when the armor comes striding over to squeeze his shoulder; blue eyeslits glowing down at him as he's ushered up onto the boarding platform.
Tony lifts his head, seemingly gathering himself. “Thor, buddy-I..”
“I'm here, it's okay, I'm here, I love you.” He repeats Tony's words to himself, echoes them like their own personal prayer, and Tony clings to him, winds himself so closely to Steve it feels like they can never be separated.
Hours later Tony has returned from work, and they're in one of the many sitting rooms scattered around the house. The others are somewhere in the house, he thinks he heard something about a tv night.  But it's just he and Tony in this room now.  Tony is bent over a holo-screen gesticulating with one hand and holding another one of his atrocious smoothies in the other.
“Steve, where are we going?” Tony asks, following Steve's steps regardless, until they're standing just in front of the plush black leather couch in the far corner of the room. Steve tilts his head down, fixing Tony with an expectant stare completely at odds with how red his ears still are.
“Do you know why he would be targeting you now?” Natasha asks carefully, as though she's afraid Tony will spook, maybe go running off before telling them something important, but Tony just squares his shoulders, meeting her eyes dead on.
“Tony. Would you be a little more patient?” Steve sighs, rising up to stand and finally pulling his own pants and shoes off. He contemplates leaving his shirt on for expediency's sake, but tosses it off as well.
“Hi Steve, welcome back, how did it go, oh..” Tony gasps, because Steve has decided to answer by kissing him with such thorough focus that Tony contemplates offering to get on his knees. Or he would, if he didn't know Steve was so bent on this whole
“Steve, Cap, Why are you doing this? He's been fine taking care of himself alone you know.”
“Yeah!”  Steve said, nearly jolting the compress from his face in his enthusiasm.  “How, how do you know that?”
“How was your trip?” Steve asks, resting the towel around his neck and really wishing he didn't smell like a barn right now.
“What when I fell from heaven?” Tony can't help it, and Steve looks amused at least, but the man is more bullheaded than an ox. Tony knows he's not getting out of this conversation.
No matter how certain Dr. Erskine seemed, how rock solid he was in his belief, Steve did not sleep that night.  He sketched for hours, stopping in between to pace the room.  He was afraid yes, but that fear would not stop him.  Even if upon the morning arriving, walking into the room where he would either transform or possibly die made his hands tremble.  He still stepped into the Vita Ray chamber and allowed Dr. Erskine and his colleagues to enclose him within it.  He knew the whole procedure was being watched, that a room full of top military brass sat beyond the glassed in surgical theater walls.  No pressure.  He thought to himself as the first battery of injections bubbled through his veins.
Steve swallows thickly, shoulders hunching in.  “I'm sorry. I shouldn't have-”
“You did great out there, really fine work, Shellhead, but are you alright?” Steve repeated, fighting the urge to ask Tony to take the armor off so he could check him over properly.
“Oh.”  Steve feels unaccountably off balance to hear the bare honesty in those words.  In that admission of how much thought Tony has put into their weekend. “Yeah, that was a good idea; thank you, Tony.”
“You said no omega ever touched you. What did you do during the war?” Tony asked, hesitantly, after Steve finished the slice he had been determinedly mowing through.
“Can we make cookies, I always wanted to make those little gingerbread reindeer.” This time of year isn't always the best for people who grew up in tenuous situations, or who had less than ideal family dynamics. It doesn't escape Steve's notice that the people in the tower most into the spirit are Tony, Clint, and Natasha.
“I'm going to put you on your bed now.” Steve leans down to strip the covers back, noting the crease atop the sheets. It looks like someone has been sitting at the edge of the bed. On the nightstand a large glass container full of minty smelling ointment is open, spilling that same cool scent that clings to Tony into the room. Steve wonders what it is, but concentrates on slowly lowering his cargo down onto a soft sheets that keep traces of Tony's cologne.  "There, I've got you.” He murmurs, brushing Tony's hair back from his face and making sure his neck is not at an uncomfortable angle on his pillows. Tony just sighs, nuzzling into Steve's hand as if he's enjoying the touch.
“That does make sense.” Steve says slowly, the expression on his face changing to one Tony knows to mean there's a whole mess of strategy and decisions going on behind those gorgeous blues.
“I really, really would like you to fuck me-”   Tony says seriously.  Steve sucks in a sharp breath, the words going straight to his cock. “but, we need stuff, and I need to get ready for you.” Tony's bites his lip worriedly, just a hint of insecurity coloring his words.  “If that's...if I'm...If you want that. Me. Like that.”  He finishes, glancing up at him through his lashes.
The sweatpants and shirt were soft too, lined with fleece on the inside.  They smelled recently laundered, but the hint of a sweet sort of scent clung to them.  He wondered if Tony’s friend had been an omega.  At least he wouldn’t get them all smelly now, he mused, as he pulled them on.  It was like being wrapped in a blanket, Steve hoped Tony would let him keep them.
When Tony returns from Cairo all abuzz with excitement, eyes bright and dancing with joy, Steve comes charging down into the foyer to spin him into a tight hug, burying his nose in the clean vanilla scent of Tony's hair. Tony drops his carry on bag, laughing delightedly and kissing Steve fast and fleeting, darting in like a hummingbird as they twirl across the floor. Happy is standing in the open door. He gives Steve a small salute before grabbing up all of Tony's luggage and carrying it off to his room.
“College project, dad wasn't too impressed.” Tony shrugs, as if it doesn't matter, but Steve knows it definitely mattered to a young Tony Stark. “But then he never really was, but that's okay, Dummy knows he's my special boy.” Dummy squeaks, rushing off and returning with one of Tony's horrendous green shakes. There's a lightbulb in it. “Emphasis on the uh...special. Yes thank you, you made it a light shake. Yes yes, you're very punny. Go put it on the counter.” Tony says with all the patience of a grade school teacher.  Steve feels a deep sense of satisfaction that Tony won't be drinking that smoothie. He thinks Dummy might be onto something. He also kind of wants to go back in time and punch Howard Stark right in the teeth.  “I need to fit you by the way. I mean, I
He's not alone, Tony is still here.  When the two of them are together they have an unspoken habit of not leaving without saying goodbye.  He wonders if Tony intends to go somewhere today. Steve really hopes not, and well, Tony did promise they would spend the weekend together, but Tony is such a busy man, Steve won't begrudge it if he has to go work on something.  Well, maybe just a little bit, but he would never say that to Tony, then he'd get that awful look of guilt on his face that makes Steve want to go fight something. His thoughts trail off as he becomes aware of being hungry, that's not anything new.  On a normal day he would have been up and about probably hours ago.
Steve tackled Waters with as much force as he could without causing injury as shots rang out.  He curled around the much larger beta, bracing himself for the gunshots, making sure to cover the other cadet with as much of his body as he could.  Waters himself seemed to realize they were being shot at with live rounds, stopped struggling, and started cursing.
“Steve, honey-” Tony sighs, pushing Steve back in his chair and clambering up onto his lap. His weight settles there, comforting and real, and Steve holds him, sweeping his fingertips over the back of his neck and up into the dark curling hairs at the nape of his neck. “I live here with you all. Everyone knows I make things for the Avengers, there's always been a target on my back. At this point it's not an 'if' I'll get hurt, it's a when, you can't put that much weight on my safety.” The matter of factness, the flippancy with which Tony discusses his own life makes the blood freeze in his veins just as surely as any icy water.
JARVIS stays with him as he navigates the constant conversations, hand shaking and ass kissing that always goes on at these functions. It's nice to have friends at one of these things, Rhodey couldn't make it, and Pepper is in Tokyo for a week. He misses them but they have lives of their own, no matter how much it makes Tony want to take his private jet and pop up at their hotel rooms. He's a mature adult man, he doesn't need constant attention and validation.
He thinks, blinking slowly as his television self takes pictures with math and sciences scholarship recipients. Some of the kids look barely out of elementary school, holding up drawings and renderings of a sleek suit of gold and red armor.
Steve goes to get his water bottle, and then he goes down to the gym. He breaks another punching bag.
Tony is so gorgeous, so beautiful. If Steve could touch him, he would palm down the line of his back, feel the way his lean muscled body is flexing against him, touch the smooth texture of his skin. God maybe one day Tony will come just like this, all over him, rubbing up against his hip. Steve moans just at the thought of it, his hips hitching up off the bed and rocking Tony up against him. The hand Tony had on the pillows moves to curl around the back of his head, Tony settles more solidly atop him, catching Steve's mouth in a kiss, swallowing more sounds Steve can't help but make.
“Fuck, you're so strong-” Tony groans against his mouth, and then they're kissing again. Tony bites his bottom lip, then trails a path of kisses over his jaw to suck a mark just under one of his ears. Sharp points of his teeth making his awareness buzz with heat. It catches him off guard, grip tightening on Tony's hip as he hisses out a moan. Tony's head tips back, mouth falling open in a high sound of hungry desperation that makes Steve harder if that's even possible. ''Fuck-” Tony repeats, eyes opening to stare up at Steve dazedly. Steve starts- realizing how tight his grip on Tony's hip must be. His hand loosens, rubbing soothingly over the spot he's surely bruised, and Tony gives a full body shiver, head going to the side to press into his other hand.
“I noticed something-” Steve starts, and Tony scoots a little closer, listening intently as Steve maps out his observations. He interjects now and then, but for the most part seems content to hear him out. Their foreheads are pressed together; blue arclight casting a chilly glow over the space between their bodies. Steve only quiets when he notes that Tony is shivering slightly. The rest of the Avengers are deep asleep; slow even breaths fill the space, it looks like only he and Tony are still awake.
“You can't really be doing this. You don't want...” He trails off, and Steve just smiles, squeezing Tony's hand and letting it drop gently.
Before they can take a dive into whatever thoughts are making Steve shift around in obvious interest, one of Tony's calendar holograms pops up. Natasha's impending appointment glows out at him, and there's no way in hell Tony is going to stand Natasha up. He's not sure what would happen if he didn't show, but it's better to be safe than sorry.
things I could be doing right now Bruce, but I won't, because I am an adult, and I feel like shit right now, very unsexy.”
“Not what I meant Cap, here-” He tosses Steve the lube. “Spread some of that here, and then, well, you get the picture.” Tony says, quirking one eyebrow with suggestion.  Steve feels his mouth go dry when Tony reaches back to spread himself apart, baring the loosened stretch of his hole, and the evidence of what they had been doing just a few minutes earlier.
“Yeah.” Steve raises his head, looking over at where Tony is standing there utterly still like a deer in headlights. “I think so too.”
love a rapt audience. ''Pretty good, what's that one?” It takes a few minutes to try all of the flavors, mostly because Steve has the sweet tooth of a toddler and Tony has to chug water between a few of his more diabetes inducing concoctions. By the time they scrape the bottom of their bowls Tony is sailing on happy hormones and enough glucose to power a wind turbine.
“I'll bring it to his lab then. If he lets me in. If not I'll just leave it outside the doors for him.  He can take it or leave it, but I'd like to try, just the same.” Steve makes it sound like Tony letting him into the lab so he can feed him is a personal favor to
“Not really sure, to be perfectly honest with you. I can't remember anything. Just feelings. Who to trust, how to move around the tower. Other than that, your guess is as good as mine.” Tony admits; some of the fear he's been hiding away leaking into those words. Rhodey just hugs him more tightly, swearing quietly under his breath.
He only realizes when it's too late, and the team is split in two. Tony's absence aches like a bruise. Steve never put much stock into the concept of soulmates, but there's no denying the draw Tony has for him. He misses him like a phantom limb, feels the empty space beside him every time he makes a decision with the team. Being apart from Tony hurts more than anything he's ever experienced. The only thing that makes it bearable is the thought that this isn't permanent. He has no intention of staying at SHIELD indefinitely. Fury seems to know too when he sends their team after the others.
“I very much felt like a tin of sardines.” JARVIS adds helpfully from his spot near the table. Tony's eyes narrow.
Steve pauses for a moment to take Tony in when he finally makes his way back down to the kitchen  His shirt is unbuttoned nearly down to the navel, the deep red of it framing warm golden skin, forearms bare where the long sleeves have been rolled up.  His dark slacks are still buttoned, the shirt half tucked in at the waistband. Deep burgundy slippers cover his feet, and his black hair is in an attractive state of dishevelment.  Steve never wants him to look any different; it's just, it's a really good look on him.
Tony shudders, turning over to bury his face in his favorite pillow. The room goes blessedly dark after that. His last thoughts before dropping off to sleep are of the way Steve kissed him.
The debacle with Arsenal throws that into sharp relief. Steve wants to understand, but Tony is tight lipped about it, shying away and changing the subject whenever it's brought up. The barely veiled sadness in his eyes is what finally convinces Steve to stop asking.
“Could hold you up, hold you up forever if you wanted,” It's hyperbole really, and probably a tellingly romantic notion but here in this place where everything is good and Tony is looking up at him with his mouth soft and open as Steve slowly pushes into him-it all seems possible, and wonderful, yes, he could do this forever, for as long as Tony needed it of him.
Steve tilts his head, reaching out with his free hand to curl his fingers around one of Tony's hands.  Tony offers no resistance as he takes that hand and leans down to drop a kiss on the back of his wrist.
“Bet you think we all need armor.”  Steve says, rubbing his cheek against the crown of Tony's head.
Summer comes, and with it, the visions always grow stronger. Summer is always a strange thing for Tony, cold and hot and filled with shivering dreams of a time that seems long past. He wakes with the taste of salt in his mouth, frozen cold ringed around his hands. Tea and coffee do nothing, and the first sip he spits out, sinking onto the floor of his kitchen, knees striking tile, the drink tasting of seawater.
“Little
“Whatever you want to give me, whatever you feel comfortable with, if we never reach that point, I still want to try. Do
“We'd have to, have to take a breather for l-lunch sometime,” Steve rasps out, trying not to squirm Tony right off of his lap as clever fingers return to thumb at his chest.
“Hiya tin man, how was Los Angeles?”  She asked, she looked much more relaxed than she had when he first entered the kitchen.  Tony smiled, squeezed her hands in his.
“Please don't do this.” Steve whispers wretchedly. He knows it's unfair, he knows that reigning Tony in-Iron Man in-is like catching a wave on the sand, but he's desperate. Panic twists his insides into knots, his breath heaves in his chest. He knows he's being unreasonable.  He knows he's asking too much, but he can't stop, not while his mind spins around all the ways Tony's plan could end in his death.  Only Tony's soft comforting words in his ear, and the constant touch of his hands are able to finally bring him around from that all consuming terror.
“Wow.”  Iron man said, looking at his arm, where Steve’s fingers had rested over gleaming metal.  “I’m sorry.”  Was the next thing he said.
“It’s beautiful.”  He said quietly.  “Are there other colors? I'd like to buy one.”  He smiled, a little shyly, feeling the heat on his face.  “It’s not the gift I’ll make my intentions known with, but maybe one day.”  He shrugged, feeling foolish and hopeful at once.  Julia just gave him a brilliant smile and immediately moved into showing him more options than he could shake a stick at.  He settled on a delicate gold set, with deep blood colored garnet.  He didn’t look at the price, he didn’t want to know.  Everything was too expensive anyway, he didn’t have a frame of reference yet, and the cost wouldn’t stop him anyway.
Steve looks at him and everything falls into place, in a way it's always been there in some corner of his mind; but now in this moment it hits him like a wave of realization.
“He deserves someone better than me okay, is that what you wanted to hear?” He intends for the words to be sharp, but instead they just sound as hollowed out as Tony feels by the admission.  His eyes prickle hotly, but he's not going to cry, that would just be the icing on the cake of his own pathos.  “He deserves someone who won't make people contemplate his sanity when he steps out with them. And then there's the whole lite brite in the chest slash secret identity thing.” Tony curls in further on himself, unable to look up to see what kind of face Rhodey is making in response to him spilling his feelings like a kid at a slumber party.
“Counting on it Mister Stark.” Steve laughs, walking backwards towards the quinjet, eyes on Tony until the bay doors close and the jet is taking off. Tony waits until they're out of sight to call Happy.
“Real pissed off about that, son,” Steve interjects, and Tony has to hold back a giggle. Only Steve could manage to call a man older than himself 'son' and sound completely justified in doing so. It must be another one of his super powers. Hammer doesn't look impressed however, lip curling contemptuously as he glares over at Steve.
“I’m sorry son, there’s nothing we can do about that, no matter how much we might like to.”  the recruitment officer grimaced.  She was an alpha too, she felt that desire to protect too, Steve felt himself deflate in the face of her regret.
“Nice of you boys to join us.” Natasha says from where she's standing on the boarding ramp to the jet. Her posture says 'commanding', but the look on her face is fondly amused.
Dreams swirl around him, for how long he does not know, but then, then, he sees it. A glimmer of gold, the flash of his medallion, and he reaches for it as it sinks towards him, rising up out of the wreckage of the downed plane. He finds himself on the deck of a ship, it leans to and fro, bobbing along choppy waters he knows so well. The world is painted in tones of blue, dark and foreboding, the sky almost indistinguishable from the cold waters below. Wind whips, howling wild through hanging ropes and carrying the sound of someone singing lowly. It is a song he knows, passed down by good Irish boys making port in the fish markets of his childhood, one he sang around the fire with the invaders what seems lifetimes ago now. He follows that voice, follows the tug of something pulling behind his heart
hurting you so don't even try that with me.” Steve bulldozes over the objection he can already hear forming. Iron Man goes silent. Wind whistles by them, cool and bracing even through the insulation of his tactical gear.
“You have no way of knowing how it will affect you. You should at least inform your partner of this contingency.”
“Paste Pot Pete, he’s the only one we think can help, we wouldn’t ask otherwise.”  Jan made her already expressive eyes wider, imploring the guy to see it her way.  It clearly seemed to work, he sighed, steepling his fingers in front of himself, ready to capitulate.  Steve had not been around for the whole Paste Pot Pete debacle, but Wasp and the others seemed confident the former villain would be able to provide something with the ability to dissolve Adhesive X.
“Nah, that's you, I'm just the muscle of the operation.” Steve says, wrapping his hands around Tony's right calf and drawing his fingers down towards the sharp jut of his ankle, slipping his fingers just beneath the hem of his jeans to rest against warm skin. Tony is watching him through half open eyes, but his glance darts away when Steve makes eye contact.
“Don't want it! Don't want it? Are you nuts, did that last villain knock your brain right out of your beautiful perfect head?” Tony might be just a tad loud but he really doesn't give a shit right now. “Put this on me Captain, that's an order. I'm not part of the military so I technically can't give you orders, but God, Steve. Do you-do you have any idea how much I want this? I love it, it's perfect, I never thought. Your tag, for me, yes. Please put it on me so I'll shut up.” He babbles, unable to stem the tide of his words in the face of just how much he wants this, how much he feels as if he'll shatter, just fly apart into a million pieces of overwrought emotion. Here he's been agonizing about Steve wanting him this whole time, while Steve was carrying around
going to die of sexual frustration. Take pity, have a heart.”
“Yeah okay, okay.” Tony grumbles, but the smile on his face is wide, genuine. A few beats of silence pass, before Tony's lips brush against his ear again.  “You want to hear the rest of my projects?” Tony asks almost shyly. Steve smiles, tilting his head to show he's listening.
Steve takes a moment to process Tony's question though. There's a lot to consider in that statement, though that seems to be par for the course when speaking with Tony. The man is so distressingly intelligent, he makes Steve feel like he's skinny and small again looking into a pretty dame's eyes, or a pretty fella's.  Tony makes him feel like there's cotton wool stuffing up his head. Makes him feel tongue tied and like his feet are too big. He feels like a bull in a china shop, trundling along while Tony talks in circles around him. He wants to pull Tony close, press his face into soft dark hair. He wants so much that it almost seems like this desire has always been there just waiting for him to come out of the ice.
There was a part of him, a big part that wanted to join the army too, that felt drawn to the idea of protecting people, of making the world safer for everyone, all those amazing posters of brave alphas and betas going off to the great war.  He knew he wasn’t really army material as it stood, but he was sure by the time he was eighteen, he’d be a real adult then, all grown up.
When they are far behind enemy lines he comforts himself by listening to the steady sound of the Howling Commandos hearts when they rest. Even Namor sometimes stays near enough for Steve to pick it up. Knowing they are all alive and safe makes it possible for Steve to drift off for a bit. At least until the morning comes and their mission takes precedence over all else.
“Yeah sure,
With a sigh he calls the armor to him, feeling it form around him is like greeting an old friend. It makes it much easier to make it to the bathroom too-JARVIS helpfully taking over the heavier aspects of the lifting and all but puppeting his sore body around. He wonders if it would be weird to work on Stark Industries projects while in the suit. Whatever, it's his workshop, no one is going to see it and blackout mode is A Thing.
Tony stills. “I've loved you for months. This wasn't about sex, as wonderful as it was, I'd have been happy as your friend without it, but yeah I-” Steve trails off when he gets a good look at Tony's face. He looks similar to the way he did that day with the ice skating, but this time there's a trembling sort of hope coloring his expression.
“Take your sunglasses off hot shot.” Steve gestures at him with a dessert heaped spoon, indicating the purple lenses.
In his absence the room is quiet. Too quiet.
“Bucky!  Where is he, do you have him?  What have you done with him?”  His senses reeled, his entire body prickled and went hot as the rush hit him.  His vision cleared enough to see a giant man just in front of him.  It was strange, but Steve had seen stranger.  He didn’t know where his shield was, but that didn’t matter, he went after the giant anyway.
“Have you-” He swallows, voice going high at the end. “been holding those like that this whole time?” Tony sounds completely caught off guard, eyes wide as saucers.  Steve nods, taking the uniform from Tony's lax fingers before he drops it on the floor. Tony's mouth opens and closes, he looks at the flowers, then back up at Steve, repeating the circuit a few times. Steve steps closer, holding the gold tissue wrapped stems out in offering.
“Fuck, Tony, you...did you really?” Steve groans out, moving away just enough to start dragging Tony's pants down his legs. Tony seems to understand immediately, kicking off his shoes, and shimmying around to help. Steve stops however once he has the fabric half way down Tony's thighs.
Tony gives him a glare of his own.  “I'm not tired.” He grouches, slurping his drink at Rhodey in what he hopes is a threatening manner but is probably just obnoxious instead. Tony doesn't care, he's the younger of the two of them. Obnoxious is his middle name.
Rut, his alpha cycle, was stronger as well, that drive to protect ratcheted up to new heights.  It made him stronger, he had ripped the gun clean off of a tank after it shot at Toro, and then flung it into another tank, easy as anything.  Later, as he stood on the battlefield, panting and covered in mud with his shield clenched in his hand, satisfaction still eluded him.
“Why, you like to feel like you belong old man?” Tony asks, a broad cheeky smile dimpling his cheeks.
“Hey.” Tony says, crouching down slowly. “Hey, someone knock that over?” Her sobs subside into hiccuping breaths and she nods, opening her eyes to look up at Tony. For a moment her mouth drops open, and then she's scrambling up, showing Tony her 'Abengers' watch; tears completely forgotten. Tony laughs, paying no mind to the wet and snow clinging to the bottom of his expensive black winter coat when he's given a great big hug by their tiny fan.
Why had he thought that? Steve had never let himself even contemplate knotting one of his partners, never thought he would be in a position where the possibility was even remotely possible. God, knotting was the most intimate thing possible, aside from bonding.  Their thoughts would be open to each other, their emotions and feelings. Tony would never want that with him, would he? Steve gasped, rocking into the bed, the cotton of the covers almost too rough against his cock, but he didn’t care. It was too late, his thoughts were already there with no way to tear them away from that unrealizable fantasy. He had no frame of reference for how it would feel, but God how it would look afterwards. The way it was lovingly rendered in the eight pagers. Sated omegas with their legs spread, loose and dripping, with an alpha curled around them, protecting them at their most vulnerable. Steve came so hard he saw stars.
“Tony,”  He rasps, “thank you, for, for letting me, God, Tony-”  He reaches out tentatively, wanting so much to touch; and Tony lets him, canting his hips up higher and rolling his head back on the mattress as Steve rubs his thumbs over his hole gently.  Tony shivers, holding more tightly to his knee, watching Steve look at him with hooded eyes. His cock is hard, dark and flushed, curved up and smearing wetly against his skin.
“Hey, hey hey, is no one gonna address the fact that tin man over here said I have a flat ass?”
“Sugar bear, it's you! I mean-” Tony pauses, holding a quelling hand up. He feels terrible about dousing the hope in his friend's eyes, but it won't do to lie to him; no matter how familiar he is. “I don't uh..actually remember you. Just you look like a sugar bear, or maybe a sour patch.”
“If you hadn't a been there-if I had been faster you wouldn't have gotten hurt.” It seems there's always another between him and a killing blow-or the side of a cliff. For a moment when Iron Man went down Steve had thought the worst. That possibility is still there, just barely simmering in the back of his mind. Steve knows without a doubt there will be nightmares tonight.
close, hand over the reactor in his chest.
and I need a power source, big power source and you have-”
“Weird, I'm sure I had a lot more on the agenda this morning. You glitching Jay, what's wrong, got a cold?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck-” Steve swears, unable to remember he doesn't usually talk like that while in bed with Tony. The smile he gets in answer is pleased and more than a little smug, that much registers even in the hazy place he's currently floating blissfully.
The exact components of rocket fuel. How to assemble a truly stunning variety of bombs. How to take a gun apart and put it back together and how to give Chopin a run for his money on the piano. The atomic weight of each element on the Periodic Table. How to speak at least ten languages, though he can't remember learning them. He knows that down in some part of this tower there are robots he built, but not why he built them.
It’s so good it makes his head spin.  Tony seems to sense his mood. He sits there, draped across his lap and whispering soft things, drawing him into short kisses while he pets through short cropped blond hair.  He feels almost giddy with it, reckless and unashamed to ask for what he wants; what Tony promised earlier in the night.
“Strong, wow. Um.” Iron Man shakes his hand out, flexing his fingers and turning towards him. Eerie blue eyes gaze into his. He wonders if the man behind the mask is looking at him with disgust. He shouldn't have, had not meant to show so much.  “Hey it's okay. Well I mean-no it's really not-do you, do you want to talk about it? I mean uh. I'm not a licensed therapist or anything but I have ears in this tin can.”
“Who was it?” Steve would dearly like to find them.  Rhodes stops on his way to the doorway, turning his head and glancing over his shoulder to where Steve stands rigid; fists clenched tightly and body strung tense.  He wants to call Iron Man up, ask him if he knows.  He wants an itemized list, but he doubts he'll get it.  Tony shares so much with all of the Avengers, his home, his tech, his time-but he guards his personal life extremely closely.  Still, Steve wants to do
“Steve, wanna suck you, can I? You can do anything, fuck my throat-come in my mouth, it'll be fucking
“Clint huh, not bird boy, or tweety? I thought you liked me.” Clint is obviously trying to lighten Tony's mood, and it works somewhat. The corners of Tony's lips turn up when the cocktail is passed into his hand.  It's purple.  Tony stares at it for a moment before shrugging and taking a sip.
One moment he's at Tony's shoulder, the next he's reaching through the bars, faster than the strike of a cobra. Hammer lets out a sound like a wounded animal when super strong hands wrap around his throat, and lift his feet clear off the ground.
“You cold Tony?”
my favorite birb and a wondrous contributor to some of the dialogue in this chapter.  Ily birb.
“No place I'd rather be.” And it's true. Some people say getting what you want the most is an empty thing, but Steve has never felt happier. He's also rarely ever been this tired. Sleep creeps up on him as well, the steady sound of Tony's breathing and his warmth serving as an excellent lullaby. His last thoughts before he drops off are full of the way Tony looks curled against him. Somehow he knows without a doubt that Tony will still be right there in the morning, so Steve smiles, and lets sleep drag him under.
“Ugh fishing. Okay okay, I can hear your disappointment in my lack of excitement. I'll be up bright and early to go with you.” Tony harrumphs when Steve kisses his cheek in thanks. Maybe the trip wasn't a complete success, but spending time with Tony is its own reward.
“God, Tony, yeah, yeah it's mmm, it's silk lace.” It's difficult to think with the way Tony's hands are moving, tugging his pants further down and driving his need higher and higher.
Steve gets a bunch of different flavors in truly impressive quantities. He covers them in toppings, looking increasingly gleeful about the amount of sugar he's about to inhale. Tony chooses coconut-a little inside joke with himself, but also he really does like the taste of the stuff.
“You are-you are ridiculous.” Tony murmurs, and Steve just hums, tugging on his tie again, pulling slightly this time with more force.
“Alright, well, if you’re sure.”  Tony said, pressing his lips together, but walking into the room when Steve motioned for him to come in.
“Too far apart.” Hulk grumbles. “Looks weird.” Tony just blinks, shaking his head and laughing a little disbelievingly. He doesn't protest however when Steve scoots closer and carefully lays an arm around his shoulders.
“Oh Sweetheart.” He breathes, staring down into Tony's warm brown eyes. “You're the best inspiration I've ever had.”
“Okay,” Steve says slowly, when Tony glances at him it looks as if Steve is holding a lot more back. Tony looks away again. “whatever you want. I'd like to stay by your side though, please. If you'll let me.” So earnest, always so earnest. Even in the face of Tony losing his shit in a fancy hotel bathroom, Steve isn't running away. Tony has absolutely no idea what to do with that.
gift.  Steve dropped a hand below the table, dug his fingers into his own thigh to try and talk his traitorous body down.
"No guilt, no sad bird."  Tony says, flapping a hand at Clint.  "M'good don't make that face, you didn't know.  hell
As if in demonstration of that anger, the punching bag currently feeling the brunt of his frustration gives an ominous creak. The chain swings once then snaps, giving up the ghost and toppling the bag onto the floor with a resounding thump of reinforced fabric hitting concrete.
“I liked kissing you.” Steve says quietly, almost guiltily.
“Don't start Jay, now is not the time.” Will it ever really be the time? Tony doesn't know, but he can keep putting it off at any rate.
“So sweet, honey, sugar, that's it, good, so good for me. You feel so good.” Tony murmurs on a panting breath and Steve feels something go hot and molten inside him, as if he's melting into the bed, coming apart entirely under Tony. He wanted this, wanted so much for this to be pleasurable for Tony. He had worried, worried so much that it could never feel good, that he would be both too much and not enough.  That concern seems so far away now, with Tony bright and burning against him like a star.
“Yes.” Natasha says. Something in her expression tells him he's not going to like the next thing out of her mouth.  “Does the name Tiberius Stone mean anything to you?”
He spent the day alternating between the gym and catching up on history in the library.  The giant library bigger than several of the apartments in the building he grew up in put together.  There were books on everything, from anthologies of ancient Greek plays to scientific papers about something called carbon nanotubes.  He found a whole section on art and painting, and carried a good portion of the shelf over to one of the desks in the back, and settled in to read.
“Do you think Doctor Strange knows anything about force fields?” He muses, trying and failing to keep the innocent expression on his face when Tony starts sputtering.
“It, It is?” Steve sounds so worried, so hesitant as he turns to look at Tony. The expression on his face is full of fear, as if Steve believes he's done something wrong, Tony just wants to kiss him again.
“You. That time, you meant that?” He asks quietly.
“Yes, and I'm real green right now, just so-” Steve turns his head, rubbing his nose against Tony's silk covered wrist “so you know.” He can smell him through the sleek material; a warm heady scent that speaks of expense, and makes something curl tight in Steve's gut with arousal.
“You, you like this color? You like the arc reactor?” Breathless, he's breathless. Their steps come to a halt-blue light filling the space as Steve turns towards him, eyes fixed on Tony's face searchingly-as if he knows this isn't just a simple question about color preferences.
“I am indeed going to make a mess. Of you, hopefully.” Tony says brightly, leaning down to drop a kiss over the leaking head of his cock. Steve gasps, his hips rolling up into Tony's grip almost without a second thought, he reaches up intent on touching Tony in return, maybe urging him to lay down so he can suck Tony off in return. They've done that a few times, and the feeling of Tony pushing down his throat while Tony does the same for him is always indescribable. Tony stops him though, letting go of his cock to grab Steve's wrists and press them back down atop the sheets. “You get to touch me all the time, darling, right now it's my turn to play, keep your hands there.” Tony's grip is gentle on his wrists, but there's something like a command in his voice that makes Steve feel weak in the knees.
“Much?” Jan questions; the HUD of the armor shows her to be buzzing around Gravitron's head, shooting off energy blasts and distracting him enough that the Ferris wheel wobbles in a way Tony tries and fails not to be worried about. A Ferris wheel shouldn't be this heavy, but the thing seems to have been packed solid, gravitational maps confirm that an unknown force here alters the pull of gravity, rattling the ground beneath it, and weakening the soft earth beneath the heavy slab of concrete.
Tony comes to on the floor of the lab hours later with a gasp, hand going up to press over the reactor. He sags with relief, rolling on his side and groaning softly. Sleeping on the floor is not the most comfortable thing, especially when a hunk of metal takes a up a good portion of your chest cavity. The bruising from the debacle with the fucking Nidhogg-dragon-whatthefuckever it was definitely does nothing to help matters either. JARVIS has helpfully turned down the lights to a low golden tone, and at some point Dummy must have thrown a blanket over him. Holograms float around near the ceiling like trapped bubbles-waiting to be called back over. Tony just lays there for a moment trying to get his bearings while the lab stirs back to life around him.
Tony thinks, somewhat hysterically. God Steve feels good. He doesn't say that though, Steve looks embarrassed enough as it is.
“You just wait Mister Stark, I'm gonna woo your pants off.”  Steve says with a slight smirk.  Tony is laughing too hard to notice the considering look Steve shoots his way while he gathers up the stuff on the tray.
“We did.” Tony whispers, eyes fluttering shut when Steve wraps him in a tight hug with one arm, and curls his free-hand in the dogtags around Tony's neck. It's gratifying to know he never took them off, even when they were apart.
“I could walk you guys home, this isn’t a real prime place to be after hours.” Steve squared his shoulders, tried to make himself look broader and more like the big six kind of fella he watched in the movies.  An alpha they could trust to get them home all in one piece.
------------------------------------------
“What,”  Steve started, only to be cut off by Dr. Erskine leading him into a more secluded area, and into a much smaller space, which Steve realized must have been Dr. Erskine’s office.  It was a nicely decorated office.  There were personal touches here and there, a pair of slippers, a modest sized cigar humidor that all spoke of long hours spent without returning home.
“Hey.” Tony murmurs sleepily.  Steve smiles, setting the jar down on the night table.
“If he's missing and he's trying to find a way to my tech, the best way to deal with that, with the least possible collateral damage is to give him what he wants. Or to
“Cap. Steve.” Iron Man says quietly, worry evident through the voice modulation. “What would happen if you needed surgical intervention, how much pain are you in right now?” Steve just looks away, the answer will only upset Iron Man further, he knows it. His silence seems to get the message across well enough anyway, if the lurid and creative cursing that follows is anything to go by. Steve smiles despite the growing discomfort radiating up his arm.
For all he joked about Tony’s love of high tech planes, he was pleased to see the quinjet sitting in the aircraft hangar when he snuck down there with his go bag and his tach suit hidden beneath a long trench coat, just in case he got his timing wrong and met another Avenger in the halls while on his way down. He remembered all his access codes of course, though he still half expected to get a call or two when he opened the plane up and stepped inside.
