He thinks that Sam has caught a whiff of the cause of the tension but he’s too wide-eyed and lovestruck to say anything or maybe it’s just too awkward.
Slowly he finds his head lolling to one side. He blinks and there's something warm and firm and stiff under his cheek.
Jack takes that as his cue to sit down. He sits ramrod straight with his hands in his lap. "How did Dean react when he found out you're an angel?"
Their bed is a little cramped what with the little boy sprawled out between them. That doesn't stop Castiel from running his fingers through Dean's hair. "Should he?"
Castiel cocks his head. Jack never asks much about life before the events that lead up to his birth. He is more likely to ask questions like how to tie his shoes or how to properly eat toast.
The only elephant in the room is Sam when he lumbers by. He does not comment on the new touches and kisses and closeness. He does not comment on Castiel emptying his room to move his few possessions into Dean's room (their room). He does raise his rather expressive eyebrows when he catches Dean pouring out a bottle of whiskey he'd squirreled away.
Dean seems to know everything there is to know about raising a child. The knowledge comes at a price, yes, but he smiles proudly and fondly at every "Hi, Daddy!" and every kiss and hug and snuggle.
The ride to the bunker is filled with question after question that he has no answer to. One moment he was being sucked into The Empty and the next he'd just appeared with a three-year-old god and a talking teddy bear. Sam squeezes the back of his neck as if he's going to disappear and his eyes go red and wet when Jack smiles and says, "Hi, Daddy!"
"You're going to get pneumonia and die if you don't start wearing socks. That's a stupid way to go, Cas."
Despite his fading grace, he can still sense Smith's soul. It's a kind thing with a hint of anger that all young men seem to carry. When he first sees Jack it flares brighter but Castiel can no longer truly focus on the finer details. Still, seeing Jack smile and laugh and blush makes the pain of losing his powers feel not all that bad.
"Dean hasn't been doing so great since everything ended," Sam speaks in a hushed whisper as if the man in question will appear at any moment. "He will probably try and shoot you so maybe I should, you know, break the news?"
"I enjoy the cold." And he does. The cold floor feels good now that things are beginning to feel less and less like molecules. He purposefully moves his feet this way and that just to annoy his not-boyfriend (because Dean refuses to call what they have anything).
"Jack..." He pauses. Jack smiles hopefully. He's always so hopeful. "No one can ever know what you are. You know this. We've talked about this. You're-"
"I just want people to know I'll always be there for them. I hate it, Cas." Jack's eyes are red and wet. Maybe they spend another minute or an hour or a second sitting there as father and son. His expression is all wobbly mouthed and the beginning of sniffles.
Sam leaves on occasion to visit Eileen. She's settled not far away and Sam mentioned asking her to move into the bunker. Dean had only made a lewd joke about soundproofing the walls. When Sam's gone they sit in silence watching a movie for Jack or eating dinner or just spend time away from each other.
"I didn't say it back because I thought..." He presses their foreheads together. "I didn't know you could feel that way as an angel. I was scared, Cas. I'm scared right now. I thought if I didn't say it back then you wouldn't be taken. I thought it would have stopped it from taking you."
It doesn't feel liberating, but it feels just as terrifying as the moments before the Empty took him.
It claws at his chest like a rabid animal. He thought it had been put to rest after years of keeping it at bay but it's so much worse now that it's been fed once.
Dean's drink roughened voice answers him before he can even formulate a question. "You're a lightweight now."
Marvelous Marvin is spared a splash of holy water. Jack giggles his way through it and squeals with laughter when Castiel ends up soggy.
Jack is the one who jumps at the sudden sound of Dean’s voice. He blinks wide-eyed and then smiles. “Hi, Daddy!”
"I don't hate you. Sam doesn't hate you. Dean doesn't hate you." He's not so good at this comforting thing. He wants to be better. "We just have to be careful."
"That isn't...Did I say that?" And Dean just looks sad. "This is your home, man. Having you and Jack back is... It feels like a dream. I don't even know if I'm awake."
They pop the speakers out of Marvelous Marvin's chest cavity while Jack grows cavities in his teeth from too much birthday cake.
Dean is a good father but years and years and years and years of paranoia can’t be undone by a few years of suburban domesticity.
They find a two-bedroom house with a big kitchen and a yard with a swing set in the back. They ward it inside and out. They pack their things and leave the bunker. The lights go off and the door locks behind them with a quiet click.
"Put on some damn socks. You're both going to freeze." Dean pushes Castiel's feet away and gets up. He ruffles Jack's hair as he leaves the room.
Castiel feels his mouth twitch. Marvelous Marvin stares at him and he can see his reflection in the toy's glass eyes. Dean had been the one to give it to Jack in the first place.
Jack stands and dusts off his jeans. He puts his hands on his hips and surveys their work. "Well, they'll be here sooner than we think. We have to get everything ready."
Dean gifts Baby to Jack on the day their boy leaves for college. He hands the keys over with a crushing hug and a kiss pressed into Jack's soft hair.
Sam and Eileen name their won Wilson Dean Winchester after her father and his brother. Dean cracks a joke about the squished faced baby's given name to hide the crack in his voice.
"He didn't really say what happened. He just said the Empty took you. After Jack brought everyone back and we found Eileen..." He shrugs his broad shoulders. "Today was a bad day I guess."
Jack has way more dads than most Nephilim his age so he has a lot of guardians to ask when he needs to join a website or leave the bunker without them.
Since what had happened (they don't talk about it), their interactions aren't so different. There had always been movie nights in Dean's room. They'd shared meals, or rather Castiel had stared at Dean while he ate. They'd shared touches and looks and so many other things. Now there was no hesitating or worrying. It was good. So any things were good now.
"Thank you, Jack." He activates the toy and the first few notes of Jackie Wilson's "To Be Loved" start to play. He turns it off before the first verse can finish.
The tension in the bunker is replaced with the air of easy camaraderie. Laughter returns (along with that damnable Marvelous Marvine) and so do smiles. Some arguments end in slammed doors but apologies come quickly. It's so easy to just be.
And it's Gadreel all over again. It's finding a warm bed and a hot shower and clean clothes and good food only to be cast out with enough money for bus fare and nothing more. It's human terror feeding the thing in his chest.
They'd turned one of the many unused bedrooms into a sort of family room with a big couch and a working television and a small refrigerator filled with drinks. Castiel enjoys stretching out on the couch to nap or read. Dean sometimes joins him though the arrangement more often than not ends with Castiel shoving his cold toes under Dean's backside (which he enjoys very much).
Dean drinks more these days. When he’s not drunk he’s damn well trying to get there. He waves his half-empty beer bottle toward where Jack and Sam are sitting on the floor. “If he doesn’t want to talk don’t try to make him.”
Love is probably the worst thing that comes with being human. It's an insidious thing that creeps inside of you and tears and tears until there's nothing left.
"What are you doing?" Jack sits next to him. His feet swing childishly against the cliffside. Heaven is vast and green and not quite ready yet. In the distance, a great white wall stands. They have so much work to do. "You're sad."
The bunker hums with the ambient noise of the pipes and electricity. The silence (or the lack of Marvelous Marvin) is deafening.
It hadn't crossed his mind to check. Human? Angel? Or something else? He flexes his hands and tugs down the truck's visor to stare at himself for what might be minutes or might be seconds. "I'm hungry." He tries to focus on the frequency of angel radio but hears nothing but the road noise of the truck.
"How many songs does that thing have?" Sam pinches the bridge of his nose. Jack smiles and bops his head offbeat.
Hours. Minutes. Seconds. It doesn't matter. Jack drops his head and snivels the same way he does when he begs to sleep in their room after a nightmare. "I want him to know so he won't hate me. Everyone hated me."
It's a short trek from the small patch of trees where they'd appeared to the closest Gas-N-Sip. He calls twelve phone numbers total (eight of Dean's burner phones and four of Sam's burner phones) before Dean picks up, tells him to fuck off, and hangs up. To be fair he sounds drunk (but when isn't he at least a little inebriated?).
He also has a boyfriend who drives an old motorcycle and hunts monsters for a living. He’s tall and he likes beer (but no drinking and driving) and he loves greasy burgers. He has a leather jacket that he lets Jack wear and he seems to always be touching him somehow.
They lean against the headboard of the memory foam bed. Their shoulders barely brush and their socked feet knock together on occasion. They used to do this before the end of the world and before the Empty. They would sit and watch something mindless on Dean's laptop and talk quietly about things that didn't matter.
When he wants to go to junior prom Dean teaches Jack to dance to the tune of "Lonely Teardrops" and "To Be Loved." Marvelous Marvin and Castiel are both pulled into the lesson. Marvelous Marvin crackles when Castiel laughs.
He squints at the sudden, bright light that appears beside him. Slowly he focuses on Jack's smile and hand raised in greeting. It's hard to look at him sometimes. His soul shines so much brighter and, more painfully, he is a reminder of so many things he wants to forget.
He'd been an angel then and alcohol took much, much longer to affect him. Now he's three two-finger glasses of the good stuff from wherever Dean hides bottles from Sam. The world is warm and his human body is loose. Every time he blinks the movie jumps in time a good thirty for forty seconds.
Dean's soul is bright and, he suspects, will be bright until the day his grace finally leaves him. Right now he's grumbling and trying to shove a pair of yellow and black wool socks onto Castiel's feet.
Being almost human brings so many things. He's died and died again knowing he would somehow return. Now? There will be no returning. There will be no healing the people he loves. He will be powerless. Somehow he isn't afraid to die.
"You're not an abomination. You're just not...Like anything else. Not everyone can accept that. Dean took years to accept it. Even I believed that you would be evil. You're good, Jack." Castiel rubs Jack's back the way he's seen Sam comfort him before. "You said that we have to appreciate the time we have with humans... But you're going to be human soon...And Smith is human and he's going to realize I'm not aging. Sam and Dean..."
Jack is all smiles and tantrums and Winchester stubbornness. He demands attention every time he sees Sam kiss Eileen and he demands attention every time Castiel kisses Dean. Marvelous Marvin also demands attention when it sings a distorted, tinny version of "Whole Lotta Love."
In the time before his trip to the Empty, it would have been Dean that fell asleep on his shoulder. Things had been so damned easy.
They shouldn't talk about it. He shouldn't bring it up but the being hurts so much. He thinks or maybe knows, that an outright rejection would hurt less than this. Maybe it's naive.
Jack is dozing against Dean's chest when Sam drops that bomb. Castiel isn't stupid. He's millions of years old and he's been around the codependent brothers for more than a decade now. The timing is deliberate. Dean won't snap and snarl and grow defensive when there's a little boy snuggled up and snoring into his neck.
"Gently, Jackie," Dean advises and he sniffles as Jack brushes his lips against little Wilson's cheek.
"Hello!" Jack smiles, hand raised in greeting. He's standing in the doorway and he's not wearing socks. "Cas, I want to talk to you." He speaks in a sort of stilted manner that is charming yet otherworldly. Something isn't quite right about Jack and most humans seem to pick up on that on a primal level.
Sam leaves the bunker to move into Eileen's quaint little home. There's no white picket fence but they do get a dog.
For what it’s worth Castiel likes the young man. He’s very polite and very helpful around the bunker. He calls them all “Mr. Winchester” and no one had bothered to tell him that Castiel doesn't technically have a surname. Hearing sounds nice, however, and makes Dean blush.
“I didn’t talk for a year after mom died... The first time. Who knows what’s going on in there. He'll talk when he's ready."
"Near Sam and Eileen's?" He smiles even though Dean can't see it. Like his brother his ears go red when he's embarrassed. "Do you want to leave the bunker?"
He cocks his head and squints his eyes. Dean always said that he and Cas really were father and son. "Here. This will make you feel better. I know it makes me feel better when I'm sad."
Dean passes Jack off and yanks his big baby brother into a crushing hug. They're laughing and then sniffling and then laughing through tears of joy.
"It's been two weeks since you... left," Sam explains. "Ten days since Jack fixed everything and left. I didn't think we would see either of you ever again, man." He glances over briefly before turning his eyes back to the road. "Are you... you?"
The bunker hums with the ambient noise of the pipes and electricity. Marvelous Marvin sings a children's version of "Livin' On a Prayer." That particular cassette and Marvelous Marvin had been given to Jack from Dean months ago as a joke but, to the chagrin of everyone, Jack had taken to the tape and the toy.
The look on Dean's face isn't so different from that moment. His eyes are wet and red-rimmed. His mouth is set straight and he swallows hard. This time, however, he doesn't sit stunned and silent. He reaches out to pull Cas closer with a hand on the back of his neck.
Castiel's breath catches in his throat. They don't kiss. There's no grand gesture or declaration. He holds Dean's face and strokes his thumb over those delicate, high cheekbones.
Sam holds Jack tight as he lopes down the stairs. Castiel's world spins briefly when he reaches the bottom. Everything is just so much when you're human. It had taken him days to get used to it last time.
Castiel sets Marvelous Marvin down and then stands next to Jack. The toy starts to sing "Ramble On." It's the third song on the mixtape Dean had given him. Jack smiles at him. "You like this one, right?"
Dean is focusing on him the way he focuses on memorizing sigils and wardings. His hair is greasy and his eyes are bloodshot. He takes a long pull of water, swallows hard, and clears his throat. "You're here. On Earth. You're here on Earth after that stunt you pulled. And Jack is here after telling us that he'll be in every blade of grass like some off-brand Mufasa." He points again. "And don't tell me you don't get that reference."
Sam takes Jack with him when he goes to Eileen's for the weekend. He gives his brother a look and his brother gives him a look back. They're masters of nonverbal communication.
"I can't answer that. I woke up with Jack. I tried to call and then you insulted me." He tries to stand a little less stiffly. He might be human now and he might have felt human for years now but Dean had once informed him that his stiff, loose armed, unblinking stance was unnerving. "Jack seems happy enough."
Sometime around seven in the evening Dean winces his way through the bunker and into the kitchen. Jack is passed out on one of the chairs in the library. Sam isn't far away. He smiles down at his phone between reading a paperback novel with a picture of a greek temple on it.
When they're alone and everything is too quiet Dean cries. Castiel strokes his hair and smiles his way through his own blues. Being human is all it's cracked up to be. His body ages and his mind slows every day, but the being is worth it.
As much as Castiel likes Smith he still worries about him hurting Jack. His grace is slowly fading and soon, very soon, he will be human again. Being human is hard and lonely and terrifying. Jack is only half-human but he displays all the symptoms of being human. He gets tired and hungry. He urinates and defecates. He sings and he dances. He's stubborn and yet yielding. He feels love and hate. He fears things that are harmless and doesn't think before seeking comfort in the arms of those he loves. He fears things that harm and doesn't think before trying to protect those he loves.
Before the being had been watching movies and laughing and touching. The being was listening to Dean wax poetic about the differences between the 1967 Chevy Impala and the 2019 Chevy Impala even though he couldn't care less. The being was hunting together and playing detective. The being was just...Being. It had felt good.
Marvelous Marvin is miraculously silent. Jack peeks over the edge of the chair to see the creature in his daddy's arms. "Daddy?"
Jack frowns and furrows his brows. They sit in silence for what might be a minute or maybe an hour. Time still means very little. Soon enough it will mean everything.
Dean won't meet his eyes and the thing in his chest rattles around and squeezes at his heart. Being human, fully human, involves feeling so, so much and it's both horrible and wonderful all at once.
Dean doesn't try to shoot him, thankfully, but he does slug him right in the jaw. It's not particularly painful primarily because Dean is three sheets to the wind (he'd learned that one from a Johnny Bond song) and stumbles into him from the desired interia of the punch. Dean slurring something and trying to hit him on the chest. There's no force behind the strikes and the slurred words turn into pained sobs.
Marvelous Marvin sings something his brain hasn't processed yet and the thirty-pound weight on his stomach hums along. He notices that his impromptu tumble mat is awake and smiled big and wide. "Hi, Daddy!"
Somewhere from inside the house, Marvelous Marvin plays "The Sweetest Feeling." That isn't on the tape.
He dreads the day he sets Jack down and never picks him up again. For now their eight year old can still be thrown over their shoulders.
Raising Jack keeps them younger than their bodies would suggest. Castiel knows his body is closer to sixty than fifty and Dean is closer to fifty than forty. Dean’s lower back acts up when the weather shifts and Castiel feels something in his shoulder crackle and pop occasionally.
Angel looked up and nodded, and as Dean came over to sit next to him he held out his arm for him to examine.
When Castiel swiped his thumb over the tip of Dean’s cock, Dean trembled violently. Dean would be loudly moaning obscenities and encouragement -
There was something about walking in the rain after dark that Dean Winchester loved. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it; maybe it was the sound the rain made, or the way the raindrops looked in the light. There was something beautifully poetic about being down here, walking amongst the old and dilapidated buildings and alleyways, away from the bright, cosy surroundings of his apartment, and all the others just like it. Pulling his coat tightly around him to protect himself from the elements, he was startled by a crash coming from the nearest alleyway, and as he turned toward the sound there was a flash of movement.
Dean put the coffees down on the table, and glanced between the two of them. “What are the chances of Angel seeing him again, though? It’s not like he can go outside.”
Dean’s own jeans suddenly became tighter around the crotch area, and he shifted in his seat to relieve the unexpected reaction. He nodded, hoping that he wasn’t staring like some kind of sex-starved pervert, and pressed the heel of his hand into his groin.
They were not going to fill Jo’s blood with leeches, causing her to shrivel away as she was eaten from the inside out… or something even worse. “No! Jo, no!” He hollered, as one of Loki’s men landed a punch to his abdomen, and he doubled over in pain.
Dean wasn’t a coward, but he couldn’t help flinching a little. “I don't know how to read it,” he replied, trying not to panic.
Dean felt like all the good he’d done over the last few weeks had been for nothing, and he felt like crying in despair.
Angel picked up one of the eggs and examined it closely as he turned it in his hand. After a few moments of contemplation, he cracked the shell on the side of the bowl, and dropped the contents into the mixture. He did the same with the other eggs, then Dean added the No-Moo and butter, and began to beat it all together with a whisk.
Being in a mostly-deserted part of town meant that it was quite dark, but they could see the twinkling illuminations spread out in front of them, gradually increasing in number the closer they got to the centre of the city. It was a beautiful sight, but Dean was still wondering how on earth they would escape this situation, when Cas put his arms around him and flared his wings as wide as possible.
with its Daleks, and actors in unconvincing monster suits. Dean wondered if Angel had ever seen it before, and if not, what he would make of the alien robots. There was also an adorable, but hilariously unrealistic robot dog in some of the earlier seasons, Dean remembered. He decided this could be a fun show to watch together; if nothing else, they could make fun of the ‘special effects’.
Ed knew he was supposed to be doing his chores, but he was trying to get his EMF meter to work, with absolutely no help from Dean Winchester. “Mother, I'm quite busy.”
“I mean, surely the first two traps are enough.” Dean carried on undeterred with his complaint. “We shouldn't have to do this. Why is it even here?”
Dean tried to skip past them, but the guy in front stepped right in front of him, blocking his way pretty effectively. Unlike his companions, he was wearing an ill-fitting trench coat over his suit, and his blue tie was slightly twisted. Dean took in the rest of his appearance, noting that he had the kind of wind-blown hair that Dean would like to run his fingers through, gorgeous pink lips, and the most startling blue eyes he had ever seen. “Dean,” he started, in a rich, gravelly voice, that was so deep it felt almost otherworldly.
How the hell did Chuck know about Gabriel? How long had he been watching them? If Dean wasn’t boiling with rage, he would be freaking the fuck out about that.
Thankfully, the electric razor he had pretty much meant zero chance of injury. He took it out of the cabinet and handed it to Angel, who looked it over closely before bringing it to his chin.
Angel would listen as if Dean was telling him the most important thing he ever heard, and Dean started to wonder if he was really that fascinating.
Finally, Castiel seemed to notice Ash, who was leaning against the wall. Castiel stared at him, obviously waiting for a name.
“Sir, I have raised the Divinity Den,” Samandriel said, evidently not wanting to dwell on his lost comrades.
The expression Dean saw on Crowley‘s face told Dean that he’d realized what he was up to, and he warmed to his role beautifully. “Oh, right! Well, how does it feel, Dean? Was it worth it? You've murdered us all!”
Actually… there was still a great deal of hammering going on in Dean’s skull, and maybe if he got a few minutes of shut eye he would feel a whole lot better. “Um, Coca-Cola? Do you have one of those?” Dean asked. Might as well accept their hospitality, and… maybe it would get the awful taste out of his mouth too.
Angel was holding up a plain black t-shirt, and he frowned at it, obviously wondering how the hell he was supposed to put that on before it had been altered.
Angel turned back to him and smiled shyly, then his face lit up with delight as he spotted the PB and J that was waiting for him in the kitchen.
to have this conservatory built so it overlooked the Pacific Ocean, but today he felt too bitter to appreciate it.
This revelation felt significant somehow; that it would help him to understand Angel more, and maybe even assist with his recovery. As he watched the frankly adorable interaction between Angel and Colonel, Dean had another, equally important revelation - that Angel stared at him just as much, if not more, but this was not for the same reason at all.
- if it wasn’t for the unrelenting way Castiel was kissing him, though he was managing to let out a few little noises.
They should probably stop the staring though… at least while they were at the party, anyway. “Sooo,” Dean started. “Tell me about the bees.”
He quickly decided on PB and J's; Angel loved them, and it was simple to make, which was a definite plus, considering how he was feeling. He got two plates and some bread, and as he began to spread the peanut butter onto the slices, a pair of strong arms wrapped themselves around him from behind.
Before Dean could answer, Chuck snatched the computer away, and smirked at it. “Dean’s with me. I’m taking very good care of him.”
“Please, Dean.” The man’s voice was fucking weird and deep as hell, but Dean figured it sounded distorted because of this damned hangover.
Benny’s observation was nothing Dean hadn’t already agonised over, but it still pained him to hear it said out loud. “Me too… me too,” he said, before winding the conversation back. “I’m gonna get Angel to pick out some clothes after we’ve eaten, and they should be here tomorrow morning. So… how’s the afternoon looking for you?”
“Our most sincere apologies. We forgot about our human vessels,” One of them said as Dean practically skipped into the room, smiling from ear to ear.
"Best pancakes I ever tasted," he said between bites. It wasn't completely true, but the look on Angel's face was so happy, Dean knew he'd said the right thing.
“It wasn’t Chuck, by the way. It was a couple of douchebags working for him, and at least one of them had wings.” Dean thought for a few moments, trying to work backwards, and sort out some kind of timeline in his head.
Dean was impressed. “That... is a really good idea, buddy.” He shot Crowley a thumbs up, then glanced at Castiel. “Can you do that, Cas? Do a Vulcan mind meld... thing, and create a shield with your grace?”
No wonder Angel had been staring at him. The sight of this ridiculously attractive man, with water cascading over his almost naked form, was hot as fuck. Thank goodness Dean was clothed, and his unwanted reaction was concealed.
Angel watched Dean closely as he put some bacon and egg on his fork and brought it to his mouth. He wasn’t touching his food yet; instead he was waiting for Dean’s reaction.
“So then, how do you know?” Sam peered curiously at Angel, as if that might reveal the information he sought.
“That’s your name, huh?” Dean said, picking the paper up and examining it closely. “Good job, buddy.” It told him nothing, but maybe he could scan it and search the internet for clues later.
He was practically blushing, and Dean figured that Cas must have gone into some detail about how he’d actually made the first move, and seduced Dean. Maybe Gabriel deserved that for casting aspersions without knowing the facts; Dean would really like to know how Cas had described their relationship, though.
Cas shook his head, but he was laughing when he asked, “is this payback for me answering the door in my costume?”
Sam thought. He needed an explanation, right now. “Hold, please,” he said before pressing the mute button on his angel radio, and turning to Samandriel.
-Dean searches newspapers and the internet, and is unable to find anything nefarious, no reported crimes, no missing persons.
“What the hell’re you talking about?” Dean asked, turning to come face to face with the thing. “Oh, fuck.”
Castiel re-emerged from the medical quarters then, imparting more knowledge, “And the human vessel fabrication chamber is coming along nicely.”
A warm smile spread across Castiel’s face, and he extended his hand to Crowley, before turning to Sam. “Samuel Wesson,” he said, as the name was repeated in awed whispers by the other angels.
“You wanna help me make some food?” Dean asked, signing the word ‘food’, before heading towards the kitchen.
Any moment now, Loki was going to come through that door, and Dean needed to take him out immediately... and there he was, right on cue. Dean rushed at him and knocked the angel blade from his hand, then punched him right in the face.
Dean and Cas settled down on the sofa for the evening, ready to play Dagon's Dragons; however, despite their best intentions, they couldn't keep their hands off one another. Half an hour later, Dean found himself stripped naked, on all fours, with Cas's tongue gently probing his entrance.
By the time they’d finished eating and Dean had cleared the table, it was past midnight and Dean was exhausted. The last four hours or so had been pretty mind blowing, plus his arms were still aching from carrying Angel.
Dean played for a little while longer, and there were moments when he swore that he could hear Angel humming along with the music. Knowing that Angel liked the tune he'd written made him happier than he could say. Hopefully he would like the lyrics too, when Dean added them.
Dean had more important things on his mind than their pissy attitudes anyway; he was still trying to find a way to get Castiel on his own. In the meantime, he would just have to make do with heavy flirting.
Dean gave him a pointed look. “Is that right? Does that mean you could go on a date, y’know… if the opportunity arose?”
The first thing Dean found was an old camera which hadn’t been touched in over a decade. It felt strange holding it in his hands now, but it was a nice piece of nostalgia, and he wondered if there was any way to check if there were any photos on it. Putting it back, he spotted some other things he hadn’t looked at in years; an old two dollar bill that his grandpa had given him when he was a child, a bolo tie from his teen obsession with cowboys (although where Sam had found the tie, he would never know), and an amulet that Sam had given him when they were kids. It was a strange looking thing, with a creepy looking face, but Dean had treasured it, and affectionately referred to it as the Samulet.
Angel was clearly trying to conceal his wings - they were folded tightly against his back - but even then they were impossible to hide. He was also backing away, and the longer the silence stretched out, the more he began to resemble a trapped wild animal. Dean needed to do something, fast.
Sam was stumped. He understood Jo’s reluctance; after all, it wasn’t her fault that they hadn’t been able to get the fruit from the tree of life. But Dean was getting hammered out there, and needed bringing back before it was too late.
They had carried on walking while they’d been talking, and were now standing in the area that had been transformed to resemble Robert’s house.
Loki looked down at Castiel still tied to the chair, and scoffed. Dean couldn’t see if the angel was still moving; he just needed Loki and that bunch of dicks to fuck off, and then he could go in and check.
It was cool and refreshing, and Dean wished he didn’t want it so much. Still… he wouldn’t be much use if he was dehydrated, would he?
He stared at Benny's face, waiting for a reaction, but all he got was a raised eyebrow and a nod of the head. He was obviously waiting for the full explanation.
Sam and Eileen left soon afterwards, with Eileen saying she would return the next day, and Sam promising to keep Dean and Angel informed about the progress of his investigation.
“Sorry, man, almost done,” Dean said, transferring the washcloth to Angel’s back and washing the poor abused skin there as carefully as he could. He hoped that Angel would do this for himself next time, but that wasn’t likely if he continued to find the whole experience so traumatic.
He patted her on the back, and when she let go of him, he told her, “I’m gonna make that fucker regret his life choices when I get my hands on him.”
Dean reached over and changed the setting for the shower, turning the flow of the water into a relaxing pulse. Of course this meant rinsing away any lingering body wash would take longer, but it felt much gentler on the skin.
He stared at Dean again, and Dean got the feeling that the piñata smashing wasn’t the only thing Cas would miss if he left. Finding himself trapped in Cas’s gaze, he suddenly wished that they weren’t at a kids' party, although he wasn’t going to complain anymore about being roped in to help; not when things had taken such an interesting turn.
“That's great. Now, we better get...” Jo heard Ash say, but the rest of his words faded into insignificance; Hannah had placed her hands on either side of Jo’s face, and was currently kissing her within an inch of her life.
“Sir, I understand this is a terrible breach in protocol…” one of the guys started, but Dean was not happy about it.
“I dunno,” Dean said, grabbing Bobby’s arm and leading him through the door into the hallway, hoping the others would join them.
“I don't think the dragon was Lupir,” Sam said, wondering what fresh hell Dean was going to face now. They didn’t have to wait long to find out, as a monster that somehow looked like a cross between a vampire and a werewolf came into view behind Dean.
Dean pondered, as he drove past Chuck standing outside his church, looking up at the sky as if he was praying for a miracle, before he pulled up outside his apartment building once again.
Dean felt the warmth of Angel’s body as they held each other, and tiredness took over as it began to seep into his very being. For a while, he was aware of low voices and other sounds in the room, until his door cam woke him up. Fumbling for his computer, he tried to find the right button to click, until a hand stopped him. It was Angel, and he was gazing down at him.
“Yes. The past one hundred years, our society had fallen into disarray. Our goals, our values had become scattered, but since the transmission, we have modeled every aspect of our society from your example, and it has saved us,” Castiel explained further.
As he was wondering if Angel would ever be able to communicate with anything more than a nod or shake of the head, a thought occurred to him. What if he gave him paper and a pen? Sure, it was old fashioned, and Dean wasn't even certain he had a pen, but it was worth a try, wasn't it?
“Nobody knows! Do you know why? Because my character isn't important enough for a last name. Because I'm gonna die five minutes in.” Ash’s distress wasn’t lessening at all; in fact, it appeared to be escalating.
“Yeah, Angel, just like that,” Dean groaned, wrapping his legs around Angel’s lower back and digging his heels in.
Almost as soon as Dean pressed send, the computer started buzzing with an incoming call. He gave Cas a quick peck on the lips, then clicked on the call answer button. The concerned, and somewhat sceptical face of a light brown-haired man, who looked a couple of years older than Cas, appeared on the screen.
This was pretty much how things continued over the next two weeks, with very little change occurring, other than Dean instituting an exercise routine for them every morning to counteract the effects of them not going out. The almost daily lessons with Eileen helped them exponentially increase their ASL knowledge, and every day Angel showed signs of a growing independence. Plus, Angel received his specially adapted shirts from Benny.
Dean couldn’t care less about what might have happened here in the past; they were here to collect the Hand of God, and that was all that mattered. Spotting a door, he said, “There it is. The way in. Let's go.”
Dean practically face palmed himself at not thinking of this sooner. It never got cold in his apartment - the equilibrium controls keeping the entire building at a constant temperature made sure of that - but he doubted Angel would be comfortable walking around shirtless all the time. Dean certainly wouldn’t complain about the view, but… he didn’t think that he should be spending all his time ogling his guest.
“Yes! You understand that, don't you, Castiel?” Loki said so smugly, that Dean had great difficulty stopping himself from decking the bastard right then and there. They were severely outnumbered though, so violence was a really bad idea at this time. Later, though...
Dean racked his brain, trying to remember. Was there any point? Did he ever even know it? “It's... I don't know.”
Obviously, Sam and Crowley weren’t feeling quite so comradely, as they both snapped back at him, “Oh, shut up.”
Thankfully, Angel left the bathroom immediately, and Dean peeled the sodden fabric from his skin and got straight back under the shower. He changed it back to its usual setting, in order to quickly get rid of the unpleasant feeling the clothes had left him with.
“Cas? Cassie? Where have you been? What happened to you? We tried so hard to find you; I-I was worried you might’ve done something… taken your own life.”
She was right of course; as the wife of a detective she had helped out in this way numerous times when necessary, with both victims and the accused. Dean had to acknowledge to himself how overprotective he was being, and he gave a wry smile.
Dean barely heard anything else, because he was too busy beaming at Cas. He knew his happiness was written all over his face, and he didn’t care. He’d shout it from the fucking rooftops if it meant Cas wouldn’t ever leave him.
Angel sped up his movements, as his wings flared out behind him, and Dean really wanted Angel to fuck him, but his mouth and his hand, and the wings… it all felt too good.
Without moving from where they stood, the entire group began casting glances around the room; first down at the floor, then up to the ceiling.
“Dean, I must say that standing here in your presence is the greatest honor we could ever have hoped to achieve in our lifetime…” Blue Eyes’ voice trailed off as Dean gave his butt the slightest of wiggles.
By the time he returned, Angel was sitting on one of the cushions, and was eyeing Colonel warily. Dean sat himself opposite Angel, put a knife and fork, and a bottle of beer in front of him, then gestured toward Colonel with his thumb.
Bobby glared at him, and said with irritation, “Would you sit your ass down? Sit! Move! You want to run this thing? Idjit.”
Dean didn’t really want them to kill Ash, even though he was irritating as fuck. “Wait a minute! We're not going anywhere without a Hand of God,” he insisted, holding up his hands to get them to stop. “We need a plan. Bobby, I need a diversion to clear the area of those things. Then, Crowley and Sam and I will go get the Hand of God. Jo, get up on that ridge. If you see them come back, give me a signal, all right?”
, Dean told himself, as he went to the kitchen, picked up the scissors, and cut two long slits into the back of the t-shirt. It wasn’t the neatest piece of improvisation, but it would do for the time being.
“His brother has one though, doesn’t he? We’ll just call him.” Chuck held up Dean’s computer, and switched it on, grabbing Dean’s hand roughly and opening it with his fingerprint.
“If you keep tickling me you’ll be celebrating on the couch alone with your right hand.” Castiel warned.
“I suppose I could do that.” Becky responded, narrowing her eyes at Dean.  She kind of looked insane but she always looked like that he guessed.
After dinner Castiel fell asleep on Dean’s shoulder while they watched TV.  The poor alpha was exhausted and the omega didn’t want to disturb his alpha so he let him sleep. He took the time to ponder their lives.
“Those are ridiculous notions.  Do you desire more education?  I can make that happen for you and Sam.”  Castiel says gently, taking the older omega’s hand into his.
“I don’t want to be a lawyer.  My mother forced me into the profession.  I wanted to be a beekeeper but my mother wouldn’t hear of it.  ‘That’s not a proper job for an alpha’ she would yell at me anytime I brought it up.  I find gendering jobs irrational.  I admire you because you do what you love and you do it well.” Castiel says glancing at Dean with a grin.
It wasn’t until Dean’s thirtieth birthday that anyone heard anything about John.  Dean received a letter from a woman named Kate Milligan.  John Winchester had died after a car accident.  Dean learned they had a brother named Adam.  John had apparently abandoned them as well when Adam was four. John was apparently destitute for the last five years of his life.
“I beg your forgiveness for my rudeness.  I am Prince Dean of Lawrence.  I have come here to meet my future mate, Prince Castiel of Pontiac.  That is you, am I right?” the alpha spoke softly.
“I won't, it's just…” Castiel trailed off looking lost.  Castiel’s mom had really done a number on him.  She basically threw him away like trash.  Castiel feared Dean was going to do the same.
He made the short journey to the HOA office in his green Prius.  He’d always loved the color green.  Castiel had his fingers crossed as he walked toward the office door.  Becky was sitting behind her desk staring at a computer screen like it held the secret of life.  Maybe she won’t notice him, he prayed.  He decides posting his flyer and making a quick exit is the best course of action.  Castiel is almost at the cork board when he flinches as his name is called out loudly by Becky in an overly cheery voice.
When Castiel enters the great hall that evening for dinner, he finds everyone waiting for him.  He is showered in gifts.  The most amazing thing is Prince Gabriel and Princess Anna are there to celebrate with him.  They plan to stay for quite some time, maybe until Castiel and Dean’s mating ceremony.  The omega has never had such a wonderful day.  That night when Dean sweetly kisses him goodnight, Castiel wonders if he’s living in a dream.
They’d had their usual Christmas Eve dinner with their family and friends the night before.  Castiel wanted to make Christmas morning and day all about the pups.  Castiel spent the day snapping picture after picture of the pups as they got their gifts from Santa.  He probably had hundreds of pictures of Claire and Ben playing with the wrapping paper and the boxes while ignoring the actual toys.  Dean couldn’t stop smiling.
“Oh it’s serious, Cas.  We’ll be taking our pup trick or treating next year instead of going to Charlie’s party.” Dean said grinning at the alpha.
“I like to climb up on the shed out back and stargaze.  Bring Sammy and some blankets.  Tonight is supposed to be clear.” Castiel suggests.
Becky took the flyer from his hand kind of aggressively.  “Oh dear!  I see.” Becky says once she’s looked it over.  She sticks it to the board herself.  “So, Castiel, I know in our last conversation you told me you were gay.  A man has moved in on Gollum Street.  His name is Aaron and he’s gay, single and ready to mingle.” She says bumping shoulders with Castiel.
"No.  I just find it unappetizing when my food can look upon me.  We do not serve meat in my kingdom with the head attached, not even fish.  Sorry my former kingdom." Dean corrected himself.
When Dean awoke the sun was almost at its zenith.  He’d never been this slothful.  He supposed it had a great deal to do with the fact that he felt safe.  He was confident that Castiel would never allow anything to happen to him if it was within his power.  Castiel was everything an alpha ought to be.  Dean didn’t dare voice any of these thoughts out loud.  He was afraid if he did, it would all come crumbling down around him.  Sam was going to be taken care of and allowed to follow his dreams.  Dean was going to have a mate that cherished him.  It was right out of a fairytale.  Dean had to keep reminding himself that fairy tales aren't true. Real life was harsh and cruel with alphas like Azazel in it.
“Well hopefully you’ll never have to see her again.” the omega said as he leaned into his alpha.  Castiel had suffered a lot of stress at the hands of that psycho blond omega.
“Let me get you another.” Dean says and Castiel nods.  Dean slides him another drink and then takes a deep breath like the extra oxygen will give him courage.  “So what brings you to my hole in the wall bar?”
“Fucking blind date with a damn alpha.  I’ll kick his ass if he tries anything.” Dean grumbled as he came out of the bathroom to stand in front of Sam who was sitting on his bed.
Castiel spread the blanket on the ground in the field.  The alpha opened the basket to reveal two bowls of the alpha’s homemade tomato soup and grilled cheeses wrapped in aluminum foil.  “When did you have time for all this?” Dean said, astonished.
“I’ve wanted to mate you for a while.  Not because of fear but because I was ready.  I just hadn’t the courage until now to voice it.”
“Are you serious?” Dean waits until Castiel nods yes before he picks Castiel up and twirls around with him in his arms.  “Yes, we don’t have to wait to live together.  You'll be close to school and I’ll be close to Sam and Bobby.  It’s perfect.” Dean couldn’t believe how things had come together.
Dean led the omega through the door of their new bedchamber.  Candles were lit on every surface.  A fire was roaring in the hearth and the smell of hyacinth was in the air.  The alpha led Castiel over to the bed where they undressed each other slowly.
Castiel likes the sound of the shortened version of his name on Dean’s lips.  “Yes, I’ve been stress baking.”
Charlie laughed, “Yes Dean, Dracula is strong on themes of sex and lust.  That is a very astute observation however I would prefer you pay more attention to the lecture than using the assignments as a means to proposition your lover.” Charlie said winking and grinning.
“Damn it Sammy!  I’ve already done that.  You didn’t have to put so much force in it.  Are you hurt, Omegamine?” Dean asks as he clears Castiel’s eyes of cream.
“Ketch you better put that hand down and back away.  I’m cutting you off and calling you a cab.  You go home and sober up without arguing and I’ll give you 24 hours to confess to Mick about how you’ve behaved tonight.” Dean says sliding Castiel’s drink to him.
A blond female omega speaks then, “Then you carry him in your arms, not across your back.  I am sorry Castiel, my son’s manners are sometimes fleeting.  Are you hurt?”
Gabriel was up late dispatching orders for troops to double their guard on the border with Lawrence.  He also put orders out to start preparing their forces to invade Lawrence when it was time.  Castiel had been quite clear with him and the nobles at their late night meeting.  The king was smitten with Prince Dean and would stop at nothing to get Lawrence back for his intended mate.
“Coming my love!” Castiel called as he came to the living room carrying Claire, who was dressed as a flower.  “Claire Bear needed a change.  Let’s go.”
“Well, I might have an answer to that.  Donna told me about a little girl, Emma.  She is seven years old and was abandoned by her mother.  Donna thinks she was neglected because she won’t talk much about her mother.  I told Donna I would talk to you about it. I was going to wait until tomorrow to bring it up since we had so much going on today.” Castiel confesses.
King John was speaking, “We are gathered here at the mating feast of Prince Dean and Prince Castiel.  I bless this union and pray they find love and comfort with each other until death parts them.  Dean, do you promise to honor Castiel until your dying day?”
When they pulled through the massive gate house, the omega was very impressed and curious about the large gold W’s on the guard towers walls.
"I don't really owe you an explanation.  I will say, I find his scent intoxicating.  There is life and defiance in those gorgeous green eyes.  I've never wanted a mild mannered mate to start.  Meg had been a contender for my affection, due to her feistiness. My tastes run more to male omegas though.  Meg wasn't pure either which made her an unacceptable match."  King Castiel explained, while his alpha manservant dressed him in evening wear for dinner.
Castiel savors the feel of his alpha’s warm arms around him and continues to sketch the distant mountains.  Ben falls asleep on the blanket snuggled up to Claire.  The honored omega is happy and loved.
By the time Dean arrived at the office he had managed to calm down enough that he wasn’t likely to go in brandishing his gun like he had fantasized about.  He did take a few calming breaths before getting out of his car.  Sammy didn’t need to know that he actually took his advice from time to time.  He let the familiar creak of Baby’s door calm him further.  When he wrenched open the door of the office, he resisted the urge to tear it from its hinges but only barely.
“Much better.  I think the fresh air is just what I needed.” Castiel says giving Dean a chaste kiss on the lips.
King John had been nice and respectful and seemed to be allowing his son to do almost all the talking.  It was all so strange to the omega.  Castiel was so accustomed to Michael talking over everyone until there was hardly any oxygen left in the room.  Castiel had always carefully remained silent to save him the wrath of punishment.
“Yes you can little alpha.  This is great.” the omega said, before chowing down on the food his alpha had thoughtfully made for him.
"Babe, what the hell did you do?  You’re back is nothing but knots.” Dean asked, as he straddled Castiel’s thighs so he could massage his back.
Dean’s scans the room for the source of what woke him.  He must have just missed the maid because there is a lunch tray sitting on the table.  It’s an assemblage of cold meats, cheeses, and crackers.  There is a bottle of light wine as well.  Sam is already digging in so Dean hurries to join before the giant moose eats it all and he doesn’t get any.  It's an absurd notion.  He’s sure Charlie would bring more but Dean would never be able to bring himself to ask.  Be seen not heard.  Don’t make yourself a bother to others.  These lessons were instilled in Dean in his old kingdom from an early age and he doesn’t think he’ll be able to abandon them so easily and quickly.
“Fuck you Benny!  I have just as much right to be here as any.” The man with what Castiel could only describe as a face that looked like it was angry more than not, most of the time.
“Dr. Mosely said I must have caught right at the beginning before symptoms sat in.  She said after this pregnancy she wants us to come in for fertility testing before we decide to go back on birth control or not.” Dean said, still smiling.
“Well call me impressed.” Dean said taking the beer Castiel pulled from the cooler.  Castiel himself pulled a bottle of lemonade out to drink.  “Do you not drink alcohol?”
“I have news that I hope you’ll like.”  Castiel pauses looking into Dean’s eyes for a moment. “Ellen’s stepson, Ash, managed to get back into MIT after he was expelled.  He’s going to be moving out of the little one bedroom house, behind the roadhouse.  Ellen is offering it to us for free as long as one of us works for her.” Castiel says looking nervous.
Bobby fixed Dean with a stern look.  "Boy are you sure you want to mate this king?  I mean he's lavished you with expensive things but will that make you happy in the long run?"
He has been thinking about mating Dean soon.  He finds it harder and harder to resist intimacies with the alpha.  The people of Lawrence love him and he loves the people.  King John and Mary are just as attentive as his intended alpha is.  He just needs to find a way to bring it up.  He is shy and it is hard to find a way to initiate the conversation.  By courting rules, the omega must be the one to propose it.
“Yes.  We are going to drink and dance to our hearts' content.  Then we are going to walk up to our room, so I can have my way with you.”
Dean decided that he’d stop on the way home and have dinner with Sam at his favorite diner.  When Dean ordered a double bacon cheeseburger, Sam had immediately started in on him.  “Dean if you keep eating like this you’re going to die of a heart attack like dad.”  It was apparent that Sam regretted what he’d said immediately.  John Winchester was a subject Dean never liked being brought up.  Sam started apologizing but Dean was really not in the mood to hear any of it.  He growled and told Sam to just shut up and eat his fucking salad.  Dean spent the rest of the meal resisting the urge to pour his beer in Sam’s lap.
“I am not interested in a romantic interlude and I’m a very private person.” Castiel says avoiding Becky’s stare by focusing on his flyer on the board.  “Well I must be on my way.”  He said as a goodbye to her.  Becky made a sound like she wished to halt Castiel’s escape but he paid no heed to her.  He didn’t pause until he made it to his Pruis.  He sped away as fast as the car would allow.
“I am aware but it never hurts for a big brother to look out for his kid brother.” Dean countered before laying down on the couch and falling asleep.
“Thank you… P.S. If you’re not feeding him intentionally and he’s actually breaking into your home and eating your food… Sorry.”  Dean couldn’t resist anymore after that.  He threw his head back and laughed unabashed.  It felt good and some of the tension that had been building in his shoulders throughout the day released.
The last to visit the omega was King John.  For a long moment the king just regarded him.  “Dean will be good to you as I know you will be to him.  If you ever need anything, you let Mary or I know.  You are our beloved son and we love you as though we are blood.  Do you understand me?”
“What if you get out there and find someone better.  You’ll forget all about me.” Castiel said, trying to sound like he was joking.  Dean knew this was a real fear of Castiel’s.
“So if we eat all this we are going to gain twenty pounds and possibly go into a diabetic coma.  You should take some of it over to your neighbor that you have a crush on.  Bet he’d enjoy your sweet treats.” Gabriel says, arching his eyebrow suggestively.
Just as he is about to give up and go hide in his apartment, the door opens.  “Well hello Castiel.” Dean says with a smile.
“I know.  I don’t understand why.” Dean uttered self deprecating.  Dean had little to no self esteem due to how his father and their old court had treated him.
Castiel returned to his throne and then spoke loud enough for all to hear, "I will grant these princes asylum in my kingdom with one condition.  The oldest, Prince…?"  Castiel looked at Gabriel for the name.
The garden is beautiful and expansive.  Dean had only seen glimpses but he was overwhelmed by their grandeur and size now.  Castiel is waiting just inside a hedge on a white bench.  When Dean approaches he goes to bow to the king but Castiel jumps up, taking the omega’s hand.  “None of that, my Dean.  You are my equal and you will never bow to me.  Please walk with me and tell me about your day.” Castiel insists with a smile.
"Cousin, have you lost your senses?  You've never once showed any true interest in taking a mate.  There was that one time, I thought Lady Meg had caught your eye but nothing ever came of it.  Explain to me what you see in this omega prince." Gabriel insisted.
“I want that Dean.  I want to be with you forever.” Castiel admitted, looking into Dean’s eyes with such renewed hope.
"I think it's possible.  It's too early to truly know his intentions yet.  We need to be careful how much we ask for.  In two weeks when I am married and mated to the king, we'll have a stronger standing." Dean reasoned.
“Cas hurry up!  We have an hour drive to get out of the city, so shake a leg!” the omega yelled to his alpha boyfriend who seemed to be taking forever to get ready.
“Hmm… let’s order pizza and have a lazy night.  Maybe we could play Cards Against Humanity.”  Dean said, moving to grab the phone.
Castiel does his best to stay calm in the face of this handsome man who is fanboying all over him.  He ran into subscribers before but none as gorgeous and fascinating as Dean.  “It always nice to meet a fan.” Castiel says letting his voice go deeper than his already normal deep voice.  This makes Dean blush even more.
He decides that it is time for a break as he finds some sturdy wooden crates stacked in a corner to sit on.  It is a hot June day and the humidity in the decaying house is getting to him.  He turns his camera off and puts it in his backpack instead of just setting it down somewhere.  It is a habit from exploring abandoned places illegally.  You never know when you might have to make a run for it.  After losing one expensive camera by having to leave it behind, Castiel became more cautious.  Now though Castiel rarely has to trespass.  He has a youtube channel called Abandoned Angel Exploration or AAE for short, with over a million followers and he is well known for leaving things as he finds them and being discreet about locations.  It is his practice never to reveal the exact location of where he was exploring because vandals always soon follow.
Castiel was now taking culinary classes at the community college with Dean’s encouragement.  When the omega found out how much the alpha enjoyed cooking, he knew it would be a good career choice for the alpha.  The alpha was also looking at getting a starter beehive for Dean’s backyard also with the omega’s encouragement.
“Can’t say that I blame you.  Our mating ceremony and feast will be legendary.” the alpha says grinning,
“Oh don’t be that way.  I could give you a good time.” the man says reaching a hand out in an attempt to touch Castiel.
"Arrangements have been made for this.  King Castiel is having the Royal Dresser bring garments to be fitted for you.  May I suggest a bath before he arrives and then refreshments while you wait?"  Charlie said smiling.
Dean blushed because it was obvious the alpha meant what he said.  The innocence on Castiel’s face made it all the more endearing.  “I’m happy to be here with you.” Dean said smiling and hoping he didn’t sound as awkward as he felt.
“Stay right there.” Missouri orders.  “Dean, If I hear you say something like that again I’m going to hit you with a wooden spoon.  Let me be the judge of your intelligence because I think you are being too hard on yourself.” She says forceful but kindly.
Castiel retrieves his bottle of water from his backpack and drinks half of it down quickly.  He won’t be able to stay here much longer or he might suffer heat exhaustion.  He has just a couple more rooms to film and then he’s headed back to the hotel to shower before heading out on the town.  There were a few well know gay hangouts in the area and he was itching to socialize.  He needed to dance, drink, laugh and maybe find a warm body to keep him company for the night.
They were soon joined by a short male beta, Charlie introduced as Crowley.  This Crowley was the Royal Dresser.  He was a haughty and sarcastic man whom Dean couldn't decide if he loved or hated.   Soon they were both dressed better than they'd ever been in their entire lives.
Dean waits for Castiel to try to order for him, but the alpha just watches Dean and waits patiently.  “I’ll have a bacon cheeseburger and curly fries… Cas what do you want?” Dean asks.
“I don’t give a lot of credence to ghost hunting and they’ll just have to be jealous.  I had full permission by the owner to be there.” Castiel says smugly.
When the door to their chambers was closed and they were alone, they finally broke their silence. "Do you think we are safe here?"  Sam asked his older brother.
“Your brother is right.  You should do what you love.  I took early retirement from the police force.  My father didn’t like it but my brother supported me.  Now I have my own shop rebuilding old cars.  It’s my passion, I’m really good at it, and I’m making three times what I was as a police officer.  I’ve only been at it a year.”  Dean remarks.
Castiel was brought out of his musings by Gabriel loudly clearing his throat.  "My king, I present to you the omega princes Dean and Samuel of the Kingdom of Lawrence.  They are here seeking asylum.  Their father was killed in a coup just a few days ago.  Their bodyguard, Sir Singer was able to smuggle them out of the city before they could be captured.  Do you wish to grant them asylum?" Gabriel asked loud enough for the entire room to hear.
The omega hears the clock strike twelve as he steps into the courtyard.  The air is chillier than he thought.  He should have worn his robe.  He is startled when a hand lands on his shoulders.  “Sweetheart, you’re shivering.  Why are you out here this time of night?” Dean says as he pulls off his jacket of leather and drapes it over the omega.
“I would like to announce my intention to court you in hopes of becoming your mate.” Castiel said shy and nervous.
They spent that night watching the sunset and then under a blanket of stars holding each other close.  Tomorrow would come but they would find their way back to each other.
The sun is bright but the wind has a slight chill as fall sets in.  Castiel can hear Dean talking to their seven year old son, Ben, off near where the tree line is at the edge meadow.  Lately, Ben has been fascinated with a compass his Uncle Sam gave him on his last name day.  Castiel can hear Dean telling Ben what kingdoms are in what directions using the compass as a guide.
Dean gave Sam a pat on the back before following the blue eyed kid with seriously messy dark brown hair.  They started their chore in silence but Dean couldn’t stand it anymore.  “So what are you in for?”
“Leave it to Charlie and Gilda to have a Harry Potter slash fairy wedding cake.” Dean chuckles as he goes through the door.  “Sweetheart.” Dean calls out.
Castiel retired to his room after a quick audience with a few of his nobles.  When his manservant left after readying him for bed, Castiel found his mind occupied with thoughts of Prince Dean.  He wondered if the omega liked to ride horses.  Maybe he should send Gabriel to find a horse with a good pedigree for his future mate.  Would Dean Like to go hunting with him?  Dean would look so handsome, flush with adrenaline in the heat of a hunt.  He should have Crowley fit him with a handsome riding suit.  He'd talk to Dean about it at breakfast, was the last thing the king thought before faking to sleep.
Today Dean was graduating from high school.  This was an accomplishment Dean never thought he’d get the chance to have. He wouldn’t have if Castiel hadn’t helped Dean study every weekend and Sam cheered him on during the week and helped with what he could.  Castiel had finished his freshman year at community college and was taking the summer off from school.  The next two weeks Castiel and Dean were going on a road trip together in celebration.
The wiggling pink bundle by Castiel’s side pulls his attention away from Dean and Ben.  The omega pulls back the blanket to reveal his one year old, Claire, wiggling and giggling.  “How’s my sunshine?” Castiel coos at his blonde darling.  Their four year old daughter, Emma, is spending the day with her grandma, Queen Mary, working in the garden at the palace.
Castiel simply nodded.  He was about to meet the people that were going to be his new family.  There was definitely plenty else more pressing to worry about.  Castiel could see the servants lined up waiting for them.  The family would be in the great hall waiting for them since the weather had turned damp and chill.
Dean and Sam had been staying at Missouri’s Home for Wayward Boys for a little over a month.  Bobby had visited numerous times as he fought to get legal guardianship of them.  John had dropped off the map.  No one could find him and Dean was kind of glad.  They would be better off without him.  Bobby was a better father to them than John ever was.
“The hell there isn’t!” Dean yelled slamming his hand with the paper in it down on her desk.  “I’m tired of coming home to find one of these whenever you’re bored or are pining for my brother.  Chuck has a major crush on you, so why don’t you stalk him and leave me and my brother the fuck alone!”  Dean says all of a sudden feeling utterly exhausted.
Castiel was sitting on a blanket in a meadow filled with pink roses and baby's breath.  Somewhere in the distance he can hear Dean speaking to someone.  The alpha is explaining to someone unseen about what kingdoms border Lawrence and which direction they are.  Castiel hears a cry and looks down to see a pink bundle of blankets move.  The omega wakes from the dream the moment he’s about to pull the blanket aside to see what is inside.
Dean simply nods.  In walks an older alpha lady with kind and bright eyes.  “Prince Dean…. Prince Sam… King Castiel has sent me to help and advise you on your education.  Sweetie you look a little scared.” Sir Mosely says looking at Dean.
“I want a healthy child and nothing more.” Castiel answers much as he’s said with all his pregnancies.
His cousin, Lord Gabriel, stood next to his throne, awaiting him.  Gabriel was one of the few people Castiel trusted explicitly.  Gabriel was addressing the assembled nobles, giving a summary of what the days agenda at court was.  King Castiel barely paid attention to the fellow alpha because court was usually quite boring for the alpha king.
Chuck has moved to the corner that holds the scaled down models of all the home the community offers in a glass case.  The dude goes back to staring absently.  That when Dean notices that when Chuck looks like he’s staring into space, he’s actually stealing glances at Becky.  Becky is now just awkwardly staring back with a look of wonder Dean would subscribe to a kid on Christmas morning.  Dean groans and feels like he’s going to throw up his burger if they don’t quit.
"I'm sorry.  I'll speak to the cooks about their presentation.  I want you to feel at home here.  One day I hope you will be able to call your old kingdom yours again." King Castiel said gently.
Becky made a very undignified sound but she did shut her mouth for the rest of class.  Dean couldn’t help but look at Castiel and laugh occasionally as they watched Becky turn redder and more enraged as class continued.  After that day Becky dropped the class and things went a lot smoother.
“Are you certain you are ready.  Fear is not the reason you should bind yourself to me.” Dean says pulling the omega down to sit on the edge of the fountain.
Castiel feels freedom and love in his grasp.  He embraces the alpha.  He can’t wait to get to Lawrence and start his new life with his mate.
“Well aren’t you just delectable.  I’d really like to lick you from head to toe.” A dark haired man with a haughty British accent says as he sidles up next to Castiel.
“Now, omega mine, Charlie is a female omega that prefers other female omegas.  She is like a sister to me.  She’ll love you as I already do.” Dean said, smiling at his future mate.
They’d just finished with their lunch when there is a knock at the door and Bobby steps in.  “A Sir Mosely is waiting to meet with you two.  Should I send her in?”
Castiel had lots of money saved from when he was a lawyer and he was making good money as a chef and one day Castiel hoped to have his own restaurant.  With the money Dean made they were extremely comfortable.  Dean had been fighting his instincts that wanted him to nest and have pups but he realized he was ready and didn’t want to fight it anymore.
“She met someone else and dumped me for him.  His name is Brady and his family is rich.” Sam looked on the verge of tears.  Dean didn’t know what to do.
Of course!  He should have guessed this had to do with Sam.  Becky had a very unhealthy obsession with Sam that bordered on stalking.  One time Sam had to forcefully remove her hands from his chest.  The whole thing had given Dean secondhand embarrassment.
Dean and Sam took some time but they finally decided to meet Adam.  He was a good kid and they kept in touch with him.  He was innocent in all of it and family after all.
When Bumblebee had first come home from the shelter, he’d seemed so sad and uncertain about everything.  It wasn’t long though before the yellow striped cat perked up and stole Castiel’s heart.  Castiel only feared now that he’d lose his one constant companion to his adventures outside.  The thought was untenable.
“Okay.  I’ll be good.” Dean said, puckering for a kiss.  Castiel indulged him before Dean dialed their favorite pizza place.
“Thank you for agreeing to have dinner with me.  I know you were reluctant but I just had to meet you.  Sam talks about you all the time and I just couldn’t help myself.” Castiel says playing with the napkin wrapped around the silverware.
“I dream often that my father takes me away and locks me up.  I’m never allowed to see you again.” Castiel confesses.
“Yeah.  Bobby’s coming for us at lunchtime.  We’ll see each other again.  You’ll be eighteen soon.  Then you can come see me without Missouri.  It’ll work out.” Dean said pleadingly with Castiel.
They got out of the bath just in time to get their food at the door from Ash. Castiel was smiling and eating his burger with pleasure.  Dean snuck a picture with his phone of his alpha’s smile.  Castiel scowled at the omega.  “It’s only fair.  You snuck a picture of me.” the omega said in defense.
“Well he’s been spending most of his time with Jess.  They’ve gotten pretty close over the past couple of months.” Dean responded, nuzzling into the Castiel messy hair.
Dean laughs at his omega’s outburst of cursing.  “It is a Winchester Family name day tradition.  I took it easy on you.  On Sam’s last name day, it took a week to get all the cream off the walls and out of the bedding.” Dean says giggling at the memory.
“Angel.  I’m going to call him Angel.” Castiel announces as Dean mounts up next to him.  Dean just smiles as they head out on a quick ride.
"Yes… Prince Dean.  I'll take you both under my protection if Prince Dean agrees to become my mate and consort." Castiel announced with a grin on his face.
“I don’t need it to be legendary.  I just need the safety of your arms, your touch, your lips.  Beloved Alpha, you are all that I need.” Castiel declares as they make another turn around the fountain.
Castiel nods his agreement as he sips his tea.  Charlie takes her leave and Castiel ponders what the day will hold.
“Castiel hurry up! We’re going to be late!” Dean yelled and held on tight to their five month old pup Ben, who was squirming around in his bee costume.
“Yes, I agree.  We shouldn’t stay much longer.  It’s growing chilly.” Dean says tucking a soft blanket around Castiel’s shoulders.
Castiel lays his hand on the small bump that holds their fourth child and lets his mind wonder.  Eight years ago he was in Pontiac being abused by the people who called themselves his family.  Now he is happy in Lawrence with his true family and Pontiac is no more.  Michael and Lucifer were captured by King Crowley and never heard from again.  Hester was killed by her own mercenaries, when she refused to surrender to Crowley’s men.  Queen Noami died of the fever during the siege of Castle Pontiac.  Castiel did not mourn them.
By the time he made it through the door, the person on the other side was knocking with both hands to the rhythm of Heat of the Moment.  He knew it was that song because it could only be his brother, Gabriel.  His brother had an unhealthy obsession with that song.  Castiel throws open the door and growls out, “What the hell do you want Gabriel?!”
“My boss is setting me up to get fired.  My brother thinks I should quit and do something I love.  It’s a hard decision.  I’ve worked for the same company for ten years but things have become untenable there.” Castiel confides in Dean.
“How did the wedding breakfast go?” Dean asked as he took a pull of his beer.  Castiel works for a fancy restaurant now that he has completed all his culinary classes.
“I don’t start teaching until August. I’ll still be working at Ellen’s over the summer and weekends during the school year.  I’m hoping that maybe we can start looking for a bigger place soon.” Castiel said taking off his dress shoes in preparation of taking off the ill fitting suit he was wearing.
“Castiel, you will not be disrespected in my kingdom.  You are now my son and will one day be the Omega King of Lawrence.  Sketching is an honorable talent and can be quite useful.  After you and Dean are settled, I’ll introduce you to the master draftsmen of my kingdom.  Don’t be afraid honored omega.  You will be safe and loved in Lawrence.” King John spoke gently.
“Damn right we will.” Dean said walking over and pulling Castiel up from the couch.  “Shall we get an early start.”
Dean answered by taking the cooler from Castiel and then entwining his fingers with the now free hand of the alpha.  “Your hands are warm.” Dean said blushing again.
Castiel eats his breakfast slowly and wills it to stay down.  He bathes and dresses in his most comfortable robe.  The day is to be about his comfort and his soft robe is what he finds most comfortable.
Castiel had very little family and those that he did have did not speak to him.  That was the trouble with being a gay man in a very religious familty.  Gabriel, his cousin, was loyal to him.  Gabriel adored him and he Gabriel.  Sadly Gabriel traveled constantly and Castiel only saw him a few times a year.
In the middle of the night, he awoke with an uncomfortable case of acid reflux.  Even though he was warm and comfortable, he forced himself to get up to take something.  Castiel decided not to turn on any lights.  He’d finally lived here long enough, he could get around by memory.
Becky was suddenly at his side looking at him like he had completely lost his mind.  “What on earth is so funny?” she said in her best judgmental voice.
Castiel is in his bed alone in the House of Winchester.  He is betrothed to Prince Dean of Lawrence.  They are not mated yet because they must court first.  Today is his Name Day.  In the past, this day was not celebrated much because his birth family cared so little for him.  Gabriel and Anna would slip him gifts early in the morning and kiss him and tell him they loved him.  They are not here and Castiel mourns for their company.  He doesn’t know what today will hold in his new home.  He’s been here a little over a month and he must remind himself that this is all real.  He is free.  He is loved.
Dean had been trying to get a hold of their Uncle Bobby so they could stay with him but Bobby was on one of his annual road trips. Dean had talked to Bobby’s neighbor on the phone and she promised to tell Bobby they were looking for him the minute he got home.  They ran out of what little money they had.  The motel was paid up for a week but Sammy was getting hungry.  Dean only stole the bread and peanut butter to feed Sammy.  The sheriff, Garth, had brought them both here until a guardian could be found.  Now Dean didn’t know what was going to happen but at least Sammy had food and somewhere safe to sleep.
He didn’t scold Bumblebee for it because he understood and felt guilty.  Castiel spent hours, especially in the evening, locked in his office writing.  Bumblebee was probably just bored and looking for adventure.  Over the eight months since he had adopted Bumblebee, the cat had caught a few mice.  He’d adopted the cat from a shelter a couple months before moving here.  It was selfish on Castiel’s fault.  He needed Bumblebee because he was so lonely and now he was making Bumblebee lonely.  He really did feel guilty.
“Dean, we are supposed to be celebrating.  Why are you torturing me instead?” Castiel said, trying to restrain his fiance.
“He tackled Kevin to the ground and Rowena doused them both with water.  It was kind of comical when it was apparent Kevin was ok.” the alpha admitted.
“We should take Claire and Jack with us.  They may be all grown up but they are still a part of this family.” Castiel said, fixing his cuffs.
Their guests had just left after dinner and opening presents.  It was Christmas Eve and Dean was exhausted.  Castiel had propped Dean’s swollen feet up on a pillow and then went to clean the kitchen up.  Dean was already drastically showing at four months along since he was carrying twins.  Two very large twins apparently.  They were probably going to be huge like Sammy.  That’s what the omega got for making fun of his beta brother.
Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s belly, “Let’s just concentrate on this for now.” the alpha sounded awed.
Dean can tell Castiel wants to say something but the alpha just looks down at the table and blushes.
As he approaches Dean’s door, yes he knows his name, he takes a deep breath to settle his nerves.  They met once a few months ago.  Castiel was so flustered he barely managed to properly introduce himself.  Dean probably thinks he is a blubbering idiot.  He knocks and waits.
King John smiled, “I am honored to hear you call me that.  I shall leave you now so Charlie can come in and help you with your final preparations.”  John stood and Castiel with him.  The next thing Castiel knew the king swept him into a hug and then released him before rushing out the door.
“Just take this over to the green eyed hunk and see what happens.” Gabe says, throwing the sweets into Castiel’s arms.
Dean is brought out of his trance when he and Sam are escorted to sit at the right of Castiel, as they were the night before.  Castiel is already seated and talking to Lord Gabriel.  The moment Dean takes his seat, the king’s attention immediately turns to the omega.
“And how will you treat me?  Will I be your property, your concubine among many?”  Castiel said with anger in his voice, when it was actually fear that was clutching at his heart like a vice.
Gabriel goes straight to the kitchen.  “Stress baking?  Alright out with it.  What has got you so worked up?” Gabriel says picking up a brownie and shoving it in his mouth.
“No.  I am fine.  Dean is very strong and gentle.” Castiel responds as the blond omega who could be none other than Queen Mary, takes his hand.
Dean listened to his alpha singing Christmas carols to himself and soon fell fast asleep on the couch.
The alpha is carrying a tray with very appetizing smells wafting from it.  Dean appears to be about to sit the tray down when the alpha picks up a cream pie with one hand while sitting the tray down with the other.  Before the omega can react the alpha is smearing the pie pan of cream into his face.  “What the hell, Dean!” Castiel screeches.
When he parked Baby in the parking lot of the park, he found Castiel waiting for him holding a picnic basket, a small cooler and a blanket. “I’m so glad you came.” the alpha said in greeting.
Dean descends first from the carriage.  When he holds his hands out for Castiel, the omega finds he’s become so stiff during the ride that he can barely move.  Dean scoops Castiel up and throws him over his back carrying him up the stairs to the great hall as quickly as possible to get out of the weather.  Castiel hears King John call from behind them.  “What on earth are you doing, son?”
“They will if their want for my father’s gold is enough.  Your father is in need of funds.  He’s losing against King Crowley for control of the trade routes from Purgatory.  He needs our gold to hire more mercenaries.”  Dean informed the omega.
Dean was very good and Castiel sucked Dean’s cock while fingering him until he came and became oversensitive.  Then fucked Dean until he was screaming and Castiel came.  Dean slept like the dead afterward and Castiel fell asleep with a satisfied smirk on his face.
“I’ve taken a friend on occasion and my half-brother once.  He didn’t shut up the whole time so he has been banned from going again.  Why do you ask?” Castiel thinks he already knows but he wants Dean to say it.
“It is something for you to think about later.  No need to worry yourself about it now.”  KIng John said to calm the omega.
Dean was snickering as he handed Castiel a folded piece of paper.  Castiel read it and had to bite his fist to keep from laughing audibly.  “Becky would pass a stone if she realized how much this story was about sex, lust and ones sexual identity.  It gives me ideas for when we get home.”  Castiel accidently let out an audible giggle when he read the last part which attracted Ms. Bradbury’s attention.
Castiel is so unsettled by this night’s vision, that he decides to make his way out of the palace silently.  He feels a walk around the fountain might chase away the anxiety that has made a home in his gut.  Mary’s gardens are beautiful and elegant.  He has spent many an afternoon here sketching while Dean either sits by his side or practices archery with Sam, nearby.
Dean’s day had been stressful.  He had substituted at the local high school as the gym teacher.  Things had gotten out of hand as they played dodgeball.  The day ended with one kid having a bloody nose.  Dean was afraid he was in trouble but the nurse and the principal said he did an excellent job.  The last time dodgeball was played a kid lost a tooth, one went to the hospital with a concussion and they had two kids with bloody noses.  Dean just shook his head and wondered why they even still played the dangerous game.
I'm in the process of moving during this pandemic.  Hopefully all goes well and I can get back to updating on a more regular basis.  I will be living on my own for the first time in over a decade.  This could either be really good for me or really bad.  Only time will tell.
Dean walked to the door and pulled the rope that was attached to a bell in the servants quarters.  In a matter of minutes there was a knock at the door.  "Enter." Dean called out.  In walked a petite red headed female omega servant.
Castiel was just about to make the Christmas toast, when Dean cried out from next to him as his water broke.  Emma and Jack were born at seven in the morning on Christmas Day.  Dean’s heart was full as he watched his alpha fuss over their newest pups.  Dean was happy and fulfilled with his unconventional alpha by his side.
"Prince Dean, what do you say to the king's proposal?" Gabriel said considering the omega with a critical eye.
“I’m ready.” Castiel said, taking Dean’s hand as they walked out of their bedroom to start the next chapter of their life.
While walking to the morning dining room, Dean allows himself to take in the Palace of Terra.  It is beautiful, there is no doubt.  It has been done in light, soothing colors.  The Palace of Lawrence, Dean had always thought was gaudy and overly masculine.  There are no taxidermied heads of exotic animals along these halls, thank the gods!  The Palace of Terra has well painted portraits of the ancestors adorning its halls.  There are also many landscapes dispersed as well.  Many beautiful statues stand in alcoves, seeming to silently observe them.  Everything is expensive but still in good taste.  Dean can’t wait to take the time to inspect each item closer.  Dean takes a moment to look at his brother and can’t help but grin at Sam’s expression.  Sam looks to be excited to do much the same.
Then when he was told by the waitress that they were out of pie, he was just done with the day and ready to go home.  As they were crossing the street to the parking lot Baby was parked in because Dean refused to park her on the street, a pigeon took a huge crap all over his beautiful recently washed and waxed car.  Dean felt murderous and immediately went to his glove box to get his gun but Sam stopped him.
When he got home his alpha had dinner already cooking, a cold beer waiting for him on the coffee table and the omega’s foot spa was filled up with hot water.  Castiel was the most thoughtful alpha in the world.
"No Dean.  You have done me an honor." Castiel declared.  Prince Dean considered him for a long moment.  Castiel felt caught like a rabbit in the gaze of a wolf.  Then the omega granted him a slight smile.  The king felt glee at the small gesture.  It warmed him to know he was gaining some ground with the omega.
“Cool.” Dean says and means it.  Castiel seems like a really good guy.  A guy that Dean would really like to get to know better.  That night Dean lies with Castiel on one side of him and Sammy on the other.  Castiel reaches out and takes Dean’s hand in his.  Dean squeezes it as the heavens hang above them.
Dean smiled and pulled his boyfriend into a hug.  “Love you too!  Thank you for sticking with me.” Dean said fighting not to get too emotional.
He decided since he was already out of his house that he would go grocery shopping in person, instead of calling for delivery.  Fall weather was setting in and the nights had been quite cool of late.  He mentally added hot chocolate to his grocery list as he pulled into the parking lot of the small neighborhood grocery.  He prefered Benny’s store for its smallness.  The larger chain stores wreaked havoc on his social anxiety.
"I want the ceremony set for no more than a fortnight from now.  Prince Dean and Prince Samuel will be given rooms in the royal wing befitting of their status.  Dean will dine with me at breakfast and supper, so we might become more acquainted before we mate." Castiel declared.  The alpha couldn't wait to find out all his future mate's quirks.
Castiel had given up his apartment two months ago when he quit his job as a lawyer in the hopes of pursuing a career that would make him happier.  The alpha and omega had been spending every moment of spare time together so it made sense to move in together.  Dean was head over heels in love with his little alpha.  Castiel was a pro at wooing, in Dean’s opinion.  The alpha would bring the omega lunch to whatever school he was substituting at on a given day.  When he was working with Bobby on cars, Castiel would bring food for both Bobby and the omega.  Bobby, a normally grouchy and suspicious alpha, had already accepted Cas into the family.
Dean waddled holding Claire’s hand as she toddled down the sidewalk.  She was dressed in the cutest Princess Leia costume.  Ben was in Castiel’s arms dressed as Luke Skywalker and throwing a fit.  Ben had not slept well the night before and had refused to take a nap that day.  He hadn’t adjusted as well as Claire to their new bigger house.
Castiel cleaned up the puke, washed his foot, and took the medication for his acid reflux.  He’d have to ponder more on Bumblebee later when the sun was up and he’d had some coffee.  He hoped it was nothing serious because he couldn’t imagine losing his yellow fluff ball.
Most of the people eating at the long table were Dean’s age or younger.  Sam was sitting next to him eating and watching everyone else with suspicion.  Poor kid was scared and Dean couldn’t blame him.  They had landed themselves in Missouri’s Home for Wayward Boys after getting caught shoplifting.  The lady that ran the place was pretty cool but strict.  She also seemed to know things she shouldn’t.
Dean was still looking into the mirror, thinking about that night, stroking his mark, when he heard the click of a camera.  The omega turned to find his mate, camera in hand, smiling sheepishly.  “I couldn’t help it.  You’re so beautiful.” Castiel explained.
This was how Castiel would spend everyday, in Dean’s arms making out, if he could.  “Jo has been asking about Sam again. I told her I didn’t know when Sam was coming to visit here again.” Castiel said as he kissed Dean’s fingers and occasionally licked them.
Castiel smiled and allowed himself to be led to their bed.  They never realized the snow had started until they awoke the next morning.  They were too busy keeping each other warm.
Dean was never more happy than when he was behind the wheel of his baby with Castiel close to him and their scents mingling in the cab.  All of this contentment was worth all the “I told you so’s” Dean endured from Sam.
It was Halloween and Dean and Castiel were supposed to be attending their friend, Charlie’s Halloween party that night.  Dean was going as Wyatt Earp and Castiel was going as Doc Holiday from Tombstone.  Dean loved to dress up as a cowboy but what he loved more was seeing his hot alpha dressed as a cowboy.  Those plans might be canceled though because the omega woke up that morning throwing up.  The alpha had insisted that his omega go to the doctor immediately.  Dean had only been off his suppressants and birth control for a few months.  He’d hadn’t even had a heat yet.  Castiel was afraid it might be complications from coming off the medication.
Castiel texted Dean throughout the week.  The omega couldn’t help but smile at every little cute meme and all the interesting facts about bees the alpha sent him.  The alpha had been pretty mum through the week about what their date was going to entail that weekend.  That was until Friday afternoon when Dean received the following text.  “Meet me @ Lakeside Park Saturday @ noon.  Wear comfortable clothes and walking shoes.”  The omega couldn’t help but be intrigued.
Dean picks the omega up from the bed in a proper bridal carry.  Bobby made him practice after he carried Castiel into the great hall on his back when they first arrived.  Dean set the omega down next to the already filled tub.  Charlie must have had it ready just before Castiel awoke.  Dean turns his back as his omega disrobes.  Castiel calls to Dean when he is in the suddy perfumed water.  The alpha washes the omegas hair and back with delicate care.  Dean turns his back again, as his omega dresses.
Dean would miss Missouri and the other boys.  He wouldn’t miss Frank, who was in charge of the grounds.  The guy had some seriously weird conspiracy theories and a horrifying imagination.  He would go on and on about his theory that many high profile people were something he called Leviathans.  He described them in horribly gruesome detail to anyone that would listen.  Dean had nightmares occasionally about people’s faces turning into gaping mouths with monstrously sharp teeth, thanks to Frank.
"Yes we are in Lawrence, my omega.  However we are the House of Winchester.  We take great pride in our family name.”  Dean explained as he pulled up his sleeve revealing a tattoo of a crown with a W fashioned into its design on the alpha’s wrist.
“Well, Dean can’t be trusted in a kitchen.  He tried to bake a pie once and nearly burned down an entire wing of the palace.” Sam says in retaliation.
There was so much food and drink.  Castiel was congratulated by so many he hardly had a moment to speak with Dean.
The meal goes pretty well.  I mean Dean had to concentrate hard not to get aroused when Castiel started moaning over his burger.  Dean’s blockers are good but not that good.  Castiel seems so intrigued by everything the omega has to say.  Dean finds himself thoroughly charmed.
“Sam, why do I have to do this again?” Dean whined as he put on his best pair of jeans and a green button up shirt in his bathroom.
Dean looks and smiles when he sees Charle's likeness as Hermione Granger and Gilda’s likeness as a fairy.  “Sure.  Let me wash my hands.”
“Don’t do that.  You are a prince and above that a genuine good person.” Bobby declared making Dean smile.  Bobby never made him feel like just an omega.
“Good morning, Becky.” he returns in the most neutral voice he can.  He tries to keep his face passive but the urge to scowl is strong.
“Sam will come home to visit you know? It’s not like he’s going to outer Mongolia.  He won’t be far away, my love.” Castiel said before stealing a kiss from Dean.
Dean takes a moment to admire how good Castiel looks outside his frumpy suit.  He’s wearing dark jeans that fit him well and a blue button up shirt that makes the alpha’s naturally beautiful blue eyes pop.  Dean feels the urge to purr but pushes it down.  It’s still early for that.  Dean is not the type of omega to give himself up easily but Castiel is making it hard to remember that.
Next came Queen Mary.  “Do you have any questions, my son.” the blond omega asked, reaching for Castiel’s hand.
Crowley hit her on the arm to try to shut her up, but it was too late. Dean had obviously heard the entire exchange.
Angel signed ‘yes’, and Dean nodded in understanding. He had a good idea as to why Angel wanted to continue the ASL lessons.
Dean was attempting to carry on talking to the crowd, but his microphone had been cut. He held it aloft and pointed at it in frustration, causing Sam to shoot him one of the bitchfaces he was famous for.
“It’s okay, you didn’t know. My sister-in-law, Eileen, she’s been teaching Cas sign language, but he still couldn’t remember anything. Not until we saw the bastard, anyway. Then it started to come back to him, and my brother found Cas's driver's licence, and, well… I found you two.”
“Can you hold this here ‘til I get back?” Dean asked, gesturing to the shirt he’d placed on the wound.
Okay, they just needed Jo - and probably Hannah, considering the way those two were around each other - and this adventure would be over. Dean clapped his hands together decisively. “All right, set her up.”
Just as slowly as he had been in getting to his feet, Angel made his way across the room. Thankfully, walking didn’t seem to be too difficult for him, and he got to the door without further need for assistance.
It became clear very quickly that as a result of the way he had fallen, it was only the left side of his body that was hurt. The graze on his face looked sore, but was pretty superficial; the cut on his leg, however, was quite deep, and now that he was no longer being battered by the rain, blood was beginning to ooze out of it. Dean ran back to his bedroom and found an old but clean t-shirt to wrap around the wound. It might get ruined by the blood, but Dean didn’t care. It was more important to stop the bleeding until he could get the supplies needed to put in a few stitches. He also grabbed a pair of scissors to cut away the already ruined pants in order to get at the cut. That wasn’t the worst injury though; he’d bet money that Angel’s arm was broken, although thankfully, that would be relatively easy to fix.
The truth was, Dean didn't actually need to work at all. Some years ago he'd made a sizeable amount of money from a couple of mega hits he'd written, and he had more than enough to support himself comfortably for the rest of his life. He enjoyed the process too much to give it up though; picking out a tune then writing the lyrics, and working on them until it sounded right. It gave him great satisfaction to know that he'd created something that would give him - and hopefully others - pleasure.
Once everyone had gone through except Crowley and Dean, Crowley tried hanging back, making a great show of gesturing for Dean to go next.
“I dunno about you, but I think it’s about bedtime,” he said, yawning and stretching his arms; a move he instantly regretted.
Angel looked increasingly unhappy as the exchange went on, and Dean was unsure how far he should push the questioning. He did want to know a couple more things that were too important to wait though.
Ed didn’t really have a lot of time for a detailed explanation, but if his mom was interested, it would be rude not to try. “Dean and the other hunters are stuck in Heaven, because Loki damaged the portal on earth. So, we’re gonna open a new one, and help them get back home.”
Angel did as Dean suggested, and once he was out of sight Dean banged his forehead lightly on the door frame.
“Likewise.” Dean let go of him and ushered him inside. “Benny, this is Angel. Angel, this is Benny.”
“You should've just let me hit him,” she raged, leaving Sam feeling thankful that things hadn’t gotten that bad.
The game was abandoned and Angel was already across the room, however, and Dean was kicking himself for being so thoughtless. He really needed to engage his brain before he spoke.
On the other side of the table, Angel was staring at Dean with his mouth agape. He hadn’t moved to touch his food since Dean started eating, and as the staring went on, Dean began to wonder if it had anything at all to do with his reaction to the food. His eyes flicked down to Dean’s mouth at least once, and suddenly Dean wasn’t sure what he should do.
“Alright, Ed, we’re here. How do we open this thing?” Dean and Castiel had reached the safe, and now they were staring at it. There was no dial... no numbers on its door; in fact, all there was were a set of coloured buttons. Red, green, blue, and yellow, to be exact.
Dean suddenly realised something as he spoke; he had touched Angel without him flinching, when tending his wounds and helping him to dress, or gently soothing his back when he was having a nightmare. It was the unexpected touches that caused him distress, and Dean made a mental note to tell Angel first if he was going to touch him. Or better yet… ask for permission.
"Well, one of the things… he's…" Dean found himself hesitating when it came to saying the actual word. "He has wings."
“Oh, no, not me.” Jo seemed to visibly shrink at the thought she might screw it up again “It won’t work without fruit from the tree of life.”
Before Dean could greet him, Angel yanked him back, and into the alleyway, fear and shock on his face. He was shaking so hard that Dean was unable to help him control it, even with a comforting embrace.
Crowley was the next cast member to go out, as the MC shouted excitedly, “Fergus MacLeod, Crowley! Give him a big hand. He's British! Yes, sir!”
Blue Eyes - Dean really should find out his actual name - stared nervously after her, and Dean figured it was likely her first party.
She held the gift she was clutching in her hand out to him, saying: “Happy bee-day Jack. I got you a squishy bee.”
Sam’s hope the previous day, that Dean’s meltdown might just be a blip, seemed to be proving overly optimistic. He, Crowley, Bobby, Jo, and even Ash had turned up for this store opening as arranged, but Dean was a no-show... again.
“I see,” Cas replied, not appearing to ‘see’ at all. “Will you explain how this works while we wait?”
Angel dipped his head forward, and Dean had to step back a little to give him more room. Angel closed his eyes as he let the water run over his hair and body - just as Dean had done - and…
Thankfully, Bobby picked one of them up and spoke into it. It took him a few moments to realize that he was supposed to be using his FBI voice, and Dean could see the rest of the cast cringing at Bobby’s mistake as much as he was. There were only a couple of minor mistakes before he got the hang of things though, and once all the phones had stopped ringing, he sat back breathing a sigh of relief.
Dean wondered for about the thousandth time, as the light danced off Angel's wings, giving those white feathers that bluish sheen again.
Dean didn't say a word; he didn't need to. It was blindingly obvious that Angel was terrified of Chuck, and it didn't take a genius to work out that he was behind Angel's trauma.
“Here, let me help you with that.” Dean went over to him, took the shirt, and pulled it over his head. He hoped he wasn’t being too forceful, but it wasn’t like the guy was going to ask for help, was it?
“Angel wrote it. Soon after I found him, I asked him to write his name, and this was the result. It says angel.” Dean glanced at Angel then, and saw that he looked shell shocked.
The glowing light coming from Angel became so bright that Dean could barely see, but he could make out a huge shadow of his wings on the ceiling and walls.
“But I want you to know that I'm not a complete brain case, okay? I understand completely that it's just a TV show,” Ed replied, needing to explain.
Dean realised that Angel was looking him over in exactly the same way, and Dean laughed, before pulling him out of the bedroom, and towards the bathroom.
Cas returned a couple of minutes later, and Dean found himself staring dumbly for a completely different reason. He looked mouthwatering in a pair of dark wash jeans, and a simple blue shirt that fitted in all the right places.
Sam was utterly shocked when his brother shouted at a small group of fans before rushing out of the convention. He wasn’t always the most professional of people, but that was not like him at all. To say he was concerned about his brother’s mental state was an understatement.
Dean couldn’t bear the thought of Chuck evading justice, and from the disappointed look on Cas’s face, neither could he. Unfortunately, there wasn’t anything he could do, other than wait for him to be found and ensure he kept Cas safe. Obviously Chuck didn’t have a clue that Cas was here with Dean, but just in case he did, Dean was going to be extra careful.
Dean had no idea how he’d gotten roped into helping out at Jack’s birthday party, (something about Sam being on call and Eileen needing another adult there) but here he was, at Sam and Eileen’s on a Sunday afternoon, instead of sitting on his couch watching TV with a cold beer like he did every other Sunday.
“What a show! What a show! Yes! Yes!” The MC was beginning to sound like he might explode with excitement.
Maybe they could play some games later, Dean mused. He would pull a few up on his screen and see which ones Angel liked.
He had to stop Loki before he was allowed to embark on his murderous rampage once more. “Let go of me. Let... It's not Jo!” He protested, struggling against the tight hold they had on him. “That's Loki. Listen to me! I'm telling you, it's not Jo, that's Loki!”
Castiel and his entourage of angels interrupted his musings as they reappeared from wherever they’d been. Dean couldn’t disguise how pleased he was to see the angel again, and he smiled stupidly at him.
Dean decided it was time for lunch, and he wondered if he could encourage Angel to make something again. Or, maybe they could even make something together.
Crowley still wasn’t sure how they had gotten dragged into this mess. One minute they were going about their usual business of conventions and opening third-rate stores, and the next they were in actual Heaven trying to help out actual angels. He was currently being led to the transportation room, by a frightfully nice and irritatingly friendly angel called Balthazar.
Crowley was a lot less sympathetic towards their dear ‘leader’. “Sam, I have said it for years. He's mentally unstable.”
Ed had found the last few days quite difficult. His disastrous encounter with Dean Winchester at the convention last weekend had made him question his devotion to
The room was plunged into darkness, and Dean fell silent as the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Things had gone from somewhat entertaining, to irritating, to kind of terrifying.
A few seconds passed, then he heard it; an unintelligible shout coming from his bedroom. He crept out of bed, and hovered by the door, wondering if he should go in or allow Angel some privacy. When he heard it again, however, louder and more frantic sounding, he opened the door and saw Angel thrashing about on the bed, whimpering and crying, and as he got closer he could see tears pouring down his face.
When he looked up, Angel was watching transfixed, and Dean knew that if they weren’t careful they would be all over each other again. “Later, okay? I need a couple of hours to recover.” He winked, and Angel grabbed his ass playfully in response.
“Okay, I'll do my hands like this.” Jo said, cupping her hands to her mouth, and making a ‘cawing’ sound.
“So, here’s the thing,” Dean turned his attention back to Angel and explained. “I’m gonna have to run to the store to get some supplies, okay?”
Crowley appeared to have reached breaking point, as he pointed at Dean and said to the others angrily, “This is ludicrous. Why are you listening to this fellow? May I remind you he's wearing a costume, not a uniform. He's no more equipped to lead us than this fellow.” He nodded at Ash. “No offense.”
Dean’s angel radio didn’t appear to be working, and after a few moments of trying to communicate, he belatedly realized that it must belong to the nerd he bumped into.
A couple of minutes later Dean was warmed up again, and washed all over - no time to act on the feelings Angel had stirred in him - and he dried himself off, then went out into the living room, and through to the bedroom. He was relieved to see Angel sitting on the sofa as he went through, which meant he could avoid any possible awkwardness as he got dressed.
"Looking good," Dean said, enthusiastically. "I think we should leave the cast on today, but it can probably come off tomorrow."
Feeling more hurt than he wanted to admit, even to himself, Dean beat a hasty retreat to the bathroom. Shielding his face with his hand so as not to be recognized, he was frustrated to see that all the urinals were being used. Maybe a stall was a better option anyway; he could take the opportunity to lick his wounds in privacy for a few moments.
“Apologies for interrupting your love fest,” she started. “But can’t you boys wait… ” She trailed off as she took in their crumpled appearance, and her pissed off expression turned to one of concern. “Are you okay?”
Dean couldn’t believe this. He didn’t understand why they weren’t embracing this experience as much as he was. True, none of them had the same feelings as he did towards Castiel, but still… “Come on, guys,” he pleaded.
"Angel." He planted a kiss on the head of Cas's cock, before wrapping his lips around it and swallowing him down.
When Dean was satisfied that the arm was properly situated, he placed the other half of the cast over the top to hold it in place, then started gluing the two pieces together. Fifteen minutes later, he had finished his task, and Angel's arm was encased perfectly in its temporary shell.
Dean told himself, remembering that Angel didn’t seem inclined to do anything without first being told he was allowed.
A loud bang, like a heavy door being closed, filtered through to Dean, waking him from his sleep. When he fully came around, he had the mother of all headaches. That bastard had really done a number on him, and hadn’t even given him a chance to defend himself.
How were they so obvious? Dean didn’t have time to ask, before Eileen answered his unspoken question.
, which was pretty ironic really when Dean thought about it. For all of them, their lives had been about as far from ordinary as you could get, and yet here they were going around a board to get married, have children, go to college and get a job.
Sam frowned, but hugged him anyway, though it wasn’t as warm as he’d hoped. “Dean? Did you forget to tell me something?” He pulled back and stared at Dean, then looked over at Angel.
Crowley didn’t seem to be feeling too sympathetic towards his fellow cast-mate, though, and he snapped, “After the fuss you made about getting left behind?”
Dean didn't want to read too much into what Angel's stare-a-thons might mean, but his stomach fluttered pleasantly anyway.
Dean enjoyed looking around the stalls and choosing the best produce, and by the time he set off back towards home, he was loaded down with vegetables, bread, and fruit. They were going to be super healthy if Dean had anything to do with it.
“He won’t speak, except for when he’s having a nightmare. It’s gotta be because of what they did to him. And the memory thing, too. I’ve got Eileen teaching him sign language, and hopefully being able to communicate, and some TLC, will help him to heal.”
In that moment the outside door swung open and Dean Winchester strolled in without a care in the world, wearing sunglasses, and radiating his trademark charm. “Hoo! I'm here,” he said, spreading his arms wide in greeting. In a clear attempt to appear jovial and playful, he laughed before saying, “Wow, that smog is thick today, huh?”
As Dean turned around to show Cas, he couldn’t believe his eyes… Cas was wearing an identical t-shirt under his opened up blue shirt.
Crowley was the nearest to Castiel, and Dean held his breath as they approached each other. This was the encounter Dean had been worried about the most; for starters, as far as the angels knew, Crowley was actually a demon,
Dinner was ready, and Dean dished it up then brought it through to the living room. "Food's ready," he said, as he put the plates on the table.
Angel winced, and Dean could see him gritting his teeth and clutching on to the side of the sofa until his knuckles turned white. Again, his wings flared out, but Dean was certain it was an involuntary reaction.
“Me first,” she said, and the look on her face made Dean decide that he never wanted to get on her wrong side.
“It has been said,” Dean replied with a wink, as he pulled up outside the restaurant. It was tempting to stay in the car and give Cas a demonstration of how good he was with his hands, but
The nod he got from Bobby was all the encouragement he needed, and he led them to the door of a large elevator. As they climbed aboard, and waited for it to move, Dean made sure to stand as close to Castiel as possible. Castiel smiled at Dean, and touched him on the shoulder when the elevator moved. Dean looked at Castiel's hand, then up to his face, and found the angel gazing back at him with a soft smile.
“Oh, Dean… Dean. I’m not going to fight you. I don’t want to damage that pretty face any further. You’re going to call Emmanuel… Castiel, and tell him that if he doesn’t want me to hurt you, he’ll come back to me and fulfil his destiny. You’ll do that, won’t you?”
It was remarkable how quickly they had fallen back into their familiar friendship, and Dean had taken great pains to find a meaningful gift for Cas. Then, seeing the angel’s delighted reaction as he unwrapped a coffee mug that bore the legend ‘always bee yourself’ gave Dean a curious case of butterflies in his stomach.
She pushed on Dean’s shoulder until he dropped to his knees; how the fuck was she so strong? Looking up at Cas, he could see the coldness in his eyes; if they really were the window to the soul, then Cas didn’t have one.
Dean was starting to feel like he was getting mixed signals. Maybe Blue Eyes wasn't interested in him after all, which was disappointing. “Yeah, yeah. Long live... what was your place called?” he said, half-heartedly
“It’s nothing.” Benny waved away Dean’s thanks, then ended the call before Dean could embarrass him any further.
Angel cried out in pain, but he did as instructed and put his uninjured arm around Dean’s shoulder. He stared wide-eyed at Dean as he began to carry him, out of the alleyway and through the rainy streets. He was heavy enough, but not nearly as much as he should have been for a grown man of approximately six feet in height.
Angel was still leaving kisses along his spine, and fucking him with reverence… now with two fingers, and he thought he might burst with the need for more.
“Come on! Without my team, I'm not a leader, huh? I think we all remember what happened to that wendigo we encountered in season one, right?”
“Enough with that Beth stuff,” Jo said, clearly not pleased with Crowley calling her by her character’s name.
Despite his millennia of disinterest in human affairs, Castiel did understand that the majority of people were only interested in sexual intimacy with those of the opposite gender. There were some, however, who had a preference for the same gender, and a significant number who had no preference at all; a person’s gender was irrelevant. Dean, it seemed, fell into this last category, if the hungry way he looked at Castiel was any indication.
As they reached their destination, Dean and his fellow cast members were pushed roughly through the door by their captors, and he fell to the floor in a heap. Trying to catch his breath for what felt like the thousandth time that day, he became aware of a commotion on the other side of the room. He looked over, and saw Castiel, bloodied and bruised, and tied to a chair.
Dean did as he was told, feeling the liquid as it cooled his throat. “What happened?” he asked, croakily.
Interrupting before any damage was done, Dean corrected her, “Beth? Historical documents.” He gave her a pointed look for good measure.
“Enochian. Apparently some guy in the sixteenth century said it was revealed to him by angels, but most people think he invented it himself.”
Dean knew he had to stop Loki somehow, and he lunged at him. “Son of a...” he shouted, but was punched again, and his knees buckled as he found himself on the floor once more.
As it got lighter outside, Angel stirred in Dean’s arms. He hadn’t slept right through, but he’d still gotten more sleep than Dean. Dean ruffled Angel’s hair, and pressed a chaste kiss to his lips. “Mornin’, Angel.”
-Dean finally tells Lisa that he suspects they are the target of a supernatural creature and persuades her to take Ben to the movies.
Angel certainly seemed to like it anyway, and he alternated between closing his eyes to soak in the music, and staring intensely at Dean, watching his hands move over the strings with a practiced ease.
When he’d disposed of the washcloth, Cas laid down next to Dean and brushed the hair from his forehead. Unlike Dean, Cas was still wearing his boxers.
Dean knew that Gabriel wasn’t trying to make him feel bad about Cas’s decision to stay with him, but he couldn’t help feeling a pang of guilt, nevertheless. “I promise, I’m gonna do everything I can to keep the three of you in touch with each other.”
What time was it, and how long had he been gone? How did they make the switch? Did anyone have any idea where that fucker was holding Cas? Did anyone have any painkillers?
As Angel wasn’t awake yet, and the apartment was still and quiet, Dean took the opportunity to catch up on reading his emails. He was still going through them when Angel appeared about twenty minutes later, looking crumpled and still half asleep, and utterly adorable. Dean had to stop himself from crossing the room and straightening him out. Maybe in this instance it was just as well he didn’t like being touched.
“But I can see you driving it.” Castiel nodded at the screen, which was showing Sam and Dean in the Chevy Impala, travelling down a creepy looking road.
As far as Dean remembered, the lore in the show stated it wasn’t possible to make the sigils permanent, as they needed fresh blood to work, but it seemed Loki didn’t realize that. However, it would still be for the best to eradicate them, just in case Dean had got that wrong.
They stared at each other for a few moments as they realised what they’d done, before they both dissolved into fits of laughter.
he thought, with a heavy heart. He reached for the bottle again. It was time to get very very drunk.
Should he even be thinking about such a question after only knowing Cas for a few weeks? Whatever it was, Dean knew one thing - he couldn't imagine his life anymore without Cas in it.
“Oh, my God, I knew it. I knew it! I knew it!” He blurted, unable to contain his excitement any longer.
That was the first time he’d seen any real emotion from Angel - besides fear - and he felt the full force of it. “Oookay, not gonna do that. I wasn’t sure if he… um… if you didn’t like how he looks.”
Dean turned to Castiel. “Let’s go!” Finally, they would get to be alone, although he would have preferred vastly different circumstances.
Angel nodded yes, but from the way he was gasping and writhing against Dean, he seemed as reluctant as Dean was to actually move.
Placing a hand on Dean’s arm, he asked, “Dean, some of the angels have requested to be present at this historic event.”
“Mr. MacLeod,” Balthazar started. “I hope I am not breaching protocol, but I am so very humbled to stand in your presence. I have studied your deals extensively. Though I am an angel, I very much admire your philosophy; your demon code.”
Cas nodded, and Dean stepped forward, took the tie in his hand and pulled Cas forward until their lips were brushing.
“Cas, why were you okay with me calling you Angel? After all you went through, I don’t understand why that name didn’t traumatise you.”
“Fergus MacLeod,” Castiel said somewhat hesitantly. “We hope we will all be able to work together, despite you being a demon, and us being angels.
“Sure,” Dean said, looking down at the little girl in her adorable costume, then back up at her dad. He chuckled as he attempted some lighthearted banter. “You know the fancy dress was only for the kids, right?”
It wasn’t just Dean’s mouth Angel was exploring; he pushed his hands up under Dean’s pyjama shirt, and ran his hands over every bit of skin he could reach, touching… feeling. Very quickly though, it stopped being enough for him, and he broke off the kiss, grabbed hold of Dean’s shirt, and swiftly pulled it up and off. As he relieved Dean of the garment, Angel took the opportunity to caress and stroke Dean’s sides, and Dean shuddered involuntarily.
Castiel removed his hand, and Dean shrugged and smiled resignedly at him. The elevator stopped, and through its glass wall they were able to view the huge fleet of 1967 Chevy Impalas that seemed to go on for miles.
Chuck retreated, and Dean considered what he’d just implied. This table was where Chuck did his experiments, and if Dean pissed on it, it would be Cas lying in his mess. That had to be one of the most fucked up things he’d ever heard; Chuck was one devious motherfucker.
being a show, and not a documentary. With the show being recommissioned, and filming ready to start tomorrow, he really couldn’t put it off any longer.
Dean let out a whistle of appreciation as he surveyed Benny’s handiwork. He could still see the wings, but the way they were camouflaged was ingenious. He was certain that Angel could get away with wearing it in the dark, and not be noticed. “That’s awesome. Thanks, man.”
By the time he was done, Angel had a decent sized wardrobe picked out; the shirts and flannels he'd picked out, three pairs of slacks and one pair of jeans, two pairs of pyjamas, and enough underwear and socks to last him a few weeks. Dean also insisted he get some shoes, too, and a pair of slippers. This was slightly more complicated than it was with the clothes, as the sizing had to be more accurate, but Dean used his trusty tape measure to work out Angel’s shoe size. He could have used his computer to gauge this, but there was something more human… more caring… about using an old-fashioned way of measuring. Plus, it gave Dean a few moments of closeness with Angel, without it being sexually charged.
“You gonna eat yours?” Dean asked, pointing at Angel’s plate with his fork, mouth still full of food, and that seemed to do the trick.
Obviously not, as Crowley landed a particularly painful punch, then blocked Dean from the view of Loki’s men as he picked an angel blade off the floor.
He was amazed at how far Angel had come in just a few short days, and how comfortable he obviously felt with Dean. It was kind of awesome.
He shakily got to his feet, and the woman led him through a stark white hallway - why was everything so damn bright - but they didn’t get very far before Dean felt the need to stop for a moment. He felt unbelievably disoriented for some reason, and he had a feeling it wasn’t just the hangover. He still had his can of Coke, and he clutched it to himself, almost as if it might help ground him.
And why didn’t he shoot Loki while they were still in Heaven, instead of waiting until now? Those questions would have to wait until later, because Cas’s eyes had begun to glow, and a huge shadow of his wings appeared on the wall behind them. Dean began to feel an inappropriate stirring in his pants, and the crowd enthusiastically applauded the unexpected show they had just been treated to.
“Well, you're just going to have to figure out what it wants. What is its motivation?” Crowley answered.
“That’s… thanks, Sam. You’re the best.” Dean smiled and ended the call, then turned to Cas. “You’re free, Cas. Chuck’s gone, and the police are gonna leave you alone.”
“Our band of hunters is in a lot of trouble, and we need your help,” Dean whispered conspiratorially.
Dean had to admit that he was impressed at how much Angel trusted Eileen. He’d obviously really taken to her, and that was a testament to her character.
“Hey, try some gum. It helps,” Dean said to Crowley, who took it, but didn’t seem inclined to actually put it in his mouth. He seemed to be putting all his concentration into just staying upright.
Dean filled the silence with as much small talk as he could think of, saying things like, "I hope you're gonna like what I cook," and "In this jar is the best damn jelly I ever tasted."
When Angel had finished customising his car with some interesting wheel trims, Dean showed him the car he’d already saved. Naturally it was a 1967 Chevy Impala - black, of course - which Dean had customised by adding the initials DW to the license plate. Other than that, he had left it as it was; it was perfect to him anyway.
Hoping that it wouldn't hurt as much as it had when he put the stitches in, Dean sat on the floor in front of him, snipped each stitch with the scissors, then pulled them out as quickly as he could. The worry that they might not come out was thankfully unfounded, and it was all done within a couple of minutes.
“I have a feeling it’s not a coincidence at all,” Cas replied. “Claire and Jack are best friends, and I believe that he wanted a bee themed party because she talks about bees a lot.”
Dean couldn’t say why he did it, but he took hold of the lead ‘angel’s’ tie and straightened it. The guy said nothing, but he tilted his head and squinted his eyes at him.
Dean went to the closet in his bedroom and found the now washed trench coat he’d wrapped Angel in, and brought it back out to Benny. “This any good?”
Anyway, the discussion had been good natured and full of laughter, and Dean had gone to bed full of cheer, and pie. Now, standing in the kitchen making coffee the morning after, Dean wondered what they would do with their day. There was nothing on the agenda, no plans at all, and then it hit him. They would have a game night, except it would start in the morning.
“Mm hmmm,” Dean said distractedly, sipping his Coke and trying to keep up with the woman, both literally and figuratively. “Okay, I got the picture. Do you have angel radios, or do you want me to wing this?”
They had changed their whole society, believing that living like their favourite hunters would help them to defeat Loki, but alas, this plan hadn’t worked; Loki was as vengeful and vicious as ever. In a last-ditch effort to defeat him, it was decided that a delegation of angels would go to earth and appeal for help from the hunters they admired so much. They had other connections among the hunter network, but this had felt like a case that only Dean Smith and his crew could solve.
He leaned on the table again, and smiled at them all, watching as Crowley grabbed a piece of paper and scribbled on it.
