Message from Sherlock:
angry, Sherlock.  And you can’t be drunk; you only had a half glass of wine.”
“Yes, I be Sherlock.”
Met with silence, Sherlock queried the bemusement on John’s face. “What now?”
This is the most words I have ever heard come out of John’s mouth at any one time and for once I do not know what to say.
He didn’t know for sure.  All he knew was that for months now, more than half the time when he woke up he was either post-orgasm or his rock hard cock was accompanied by a need for his flatmate that affected every part of his body.
.  But why the hell did you tell him I would have sex with him!?”
“Was it too many times?”
In the cab on the way to Sherlock’s flat they didn’t talk about what had happened to John, about why he had not sought Sherlock out when he’d come home, about why he had allowed Sherlock to continue to believe he was dead.
Stopping short, Sherlock whirled around and, catching John’s face in his hands with a tenderness that the smaller man would never have imagined Sherlock possessed, kissed him.  Kissed him with a passion that made John know, without a doubt, he would need many, many more from this man.
The horseman unrolled a large piece of parchment and shoved it in front of the Crier’s nose.
“Sherlock?”
I flop onto the couch and watch him jauntily walk into his bedroom.  Now he’s walking
“They were acting as if lovers, holding hands, smiling at each other in that way people in love do.”  Mycroft shivered in distaste at the memory.  He never understood why people became so ‘googly-eyed’ over another human being.
“Thank you?”  He managed to say.
, closed his eyes; the man he had been so devastated to lose was with him and would soon be again.
John sat there, overwhelmed as Sherlock finished recounting the day that changed their lives forever.
“I am…sorry?”  Sherlock breaks the silence, his words uncertain, not knowing what he is sorry for.
“Where is he?” I ask, looking into a face with features that tug at me.  I see so much of her father in her.
“You need to call him, tell him to come get it,” Jax said. “Maybe he can redact the names of the surgical team. No one has to know about you.”
Adjusting the brim of his cap against the drizzling rain, Spencer obediently left the cab and headed toward the boot.
“Thou not be angry?  That I have not told thee about him?”
“I had reasons.”  If at all possible, John’s lips pinched more tightly together.
Standing at the open door, Sherlock blocked Mycroft’s entrance, not out of obstinacy or contrariness, but because he didn’t have the presence of mind to move.
“Sit with me?” John held his hand out, palm raised.
My brain suddenly registers what is going on.  It is Not.  His.  Thumb.
“So there you go.  I am not playing a game, and yes, you are that lovable.”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s foot went still. He looked at John intently, thinking. Not knowing quite what to do.
Colin heaved a sigh and set down the gauntlet he had been trying to fit to Sherlock.  “Sherlock, why do we not rest?  I can start putting together a list of what I need.  We will try again later.”
“I did not thank you.”
“Be you well, Aldus?  You look sickly.”  John walked over to him, frowning.
you talking about?”  His mouth agape, the plate of food lists precariously in his hand.
gaol.”
grandson.”
I persist.  “Is it Katie?  Is she all right?”  I can think of no one else who would affect him so deeply.
Looking over the rest of John with light this time, Sherlock puzzled over what he saw, or more precisely, what he did not see—another, more serious, injury.
“Come here.  Gimme a kiss.”
“Anything I can do to help?”
As he watched Sherlock, sleepy blue eyes opened and smiled at him.  A smile that told John everything he needed to know.  A smile he had never seen prior to all the trials they had been through, a smile that now told John just how precious he himself was.  That the man who had found caring not to be an advantage had taken the risk and opened his heart all the way.  All the way for
He is wrong.
But whatever the reason for Derek’s fascination, it took his attention off John.
“Oh, Sir John?  Tis no matter to me.”  Sherlock feigned indifference, but as he met Colin’s eyes, he saw a confidence that had not been there days before.  Day by day Colin had grown less shy, and the skittish boy Sherlock had first met had somehow transformed into a young man who spoke his mind.  No longer did he cower.
“She’s not with me, but I can have someone send you a snap. Will that work?”
“Sherlock.”
“Uh, I was talking to you.”  John is an abominable liar; he really should leave such matters in more skilled hands.  Mine.
, had performed a procedure and had failed to note the factors necessitating the procedure. Or the conclusion.
I lift myself up from my chair and join the two people I love most in the world, along the way inhaling the fragrance of roses quickly on their way to their next full bloom.  The garden truly is lovely, a fitting setting for a momentous occasion.
John rolled into his pillow and clutched it to him, imagining he smelled Sherlock’s scent, and it made him ache for Sherlock that much more.  It reminded him of his dream that Sherlock had been with him.  That Sherlock had lain beside him and told him over and over that he loved him.  Twas not unusual; most nights he dreamed of Sherlock, but this one be clearer than most.  Twas as real as if it had happened.
Sherlock had the need to see, to touch, to inhale every part of John Watson.  Every scar had to be explored, every inch of his body had to be loved with lips and fingers and cheekbones smoothed along the miracle that was John.  On one particularly brutal scar, this one on John’s thigh near his femoral artery, Sherlock paused to give it a lingering kiss.  Silently giving it thanks for healing, knowing it was this wound that had been the most lethal, the one most likely to have taken John from him forever.
“My point, exactly, John.”
My husband.
As Sherlock looked out into the sky, awaiting his fate, his palms already raised high to signify he was no longer a threat, John made a decision he would never regret.  A decision made out of fear, but the nonetheless, ultimately the right one.
“I’m sorry sir, but you’re
John implored.
Around 8 p.m. he gets up to fetch a snack from the refrigerator.  Perfect.
I stand, feeling water wash over me whilst my ragged breathing slows, whilst I will my legs to support me on their own.
Lively gestures and agitated expressions told Sherlock that the Crier and the horseman argued.  About what, he could not hear, catching only snatches of their heated exchange.
Inside the alehouse be more crowded than out.  Men, their faces ruddy from too much alcohol, spilling ale from their mazers as they joined in discordant song.   Women’s faces crumpled in laughter as men who told lewd stories cupped a hand to their breast or pinched their bottom.  Sherlock scanned the room - everywhere be merriment and cheer.  Loud voices.  And happy faces.
“No, John, Katie did not say anything to me.  Her new hairstyle and lip shade are indicative of a cultural mating ritual…”
I smile.  I have won.  You will thank me later, John.  Oh yes, you will thank me later.
A key.
“Oh, that will not be necessary,” Sherlock said smoothly, confident he would get what he wanted.  “She will be too busy finding things to throw at
I feel a hand reach under the front of my shirt to lie flat on my belly.  Another is roaming slowly, slowly along the entirety of my back.  And the lips and tongue that have commandeered my existence?  They continue to enslave me as they kiss me, suck me, and trail along the small of my back.
But first …
As Sherlock brought his lips to John’s, he murmured, “And I thought you said you weren’t gay…”
John gives me his ‘What the
One day, after weeks of this new, yet not unwelcome, routine, John came to the startling realization that Sherlock had been talking in his sleep, for the words he heard nearly caused him apoplexy.
One bucket list and two regrets.
Mmmmmmm
Just a few seconds later she answers.
“Erection.  Oh, yes, I have an erection every day.  It is quite useful when one desires to ejaculate.”  I think about this.  “I believe that is the only way one
“No, Mary, you have to go back to the flat,” he heard John say.  “We’ll be safe here and if you don’t go home it will look suspicious.  Best not to have you implicated in this.”
Katie has stepped back from me and looking at me asks, “Didn’t Daddy tell you?”  She clearly thinks that since John and I live together he tells me everything.
, he stiffened in surprise.  ‘My name is John Watson’, the NA leader had said.
“How about we clue for looks?”  I say, slyly.
Rummaging through the cupboards, Sherlock found cat food, setting the open bag on the floor and refilling the water dish.
“You be stabbed, John, in the shoulder.  Tis not a deep wound; it will heal in no time,” Sherlock reassured him, taking the cloth Aldus handed him to press it against the wound.
For this Sherlock would go to prison.  And even Mycroft wouldn’t be able to save him from himself.  Sherlock would live the rest of his life behind bars; a life John could not imagine would be a very long one.  Sherlock would quite literally die of boredom, locked behind not only physical bars, but into the recesses of a mind that thrived on stimulation and excess, sending him into a madness that would eliminate any quality of life.  And not long after, bring death.
John couldn’t hold it back any longer, couldn’t hold back the feelings he had hidden for years.  If he didn’t say the words now, he never would.
His eyes drifting to my mouth, I lower my lips to meet his.  I lightly touch them, tasting, savoring, knowing there is no nectar on this earth so sweet.  I close my eyes and move my lips softly against his, gently sucking at his bottom lip, the warm breaths from his parted mouth telling me telling me how very much he is affected.
“But, I…”
version of a short…,” seeing John’s scowl, the detective quickly amended, “a male with your stature accompanying me will surely draw attention, but as my
Sherlock sneered at John with the same evil eye he had given him that first day at the river, but this time there be a flicker in Sherlock’s eyes, a glimmer that told John
But first I need to find out what is wrong; I don’t think it’s the book or the fact that I hid it from him.  “What’s bothering you, sweetheart?” I ask him silently, and, as if he heard me, he wakes up, saying my name.
“I, uh, this isn’t an easy thing for me to say, Sherlock.” John looked across the room. “Do you mind if I, um, sit down.”
“That was amazing…simply amazing,” John said. “How…?”
Outside one more time, Sherlock sucked the smoke deep into his lungs, waiting for the pleasurable pain it would bring him.  Waiting for the smoke to swirl out his nostrils, wondering why he ever gave up the habit.  Nothing calmed him, swept the cobwebs from his brain, quite like a good dose of nicotine.  He didn’t care if it
“Get back here, you coward!  Let me see your face!” Cedric shouted into the trees.
Sherlock couldn’t help but gloat.
“Why have I not met Sherlock, Mother?”  Colin asked.  Removing his boots, he set them by the door and sat back next to her.
I flip mentally through a file…
“Sherlock, honey.  Just wake up for me, okay?”
“Yes?”
He needed to think.
about technique.  It’s
“I saw that; don’t you dare flap your hand at me.”  I hear a weak smile creep into his voice and cannot help but smile myself.  I shake my head; this man never ceases to amaze me.
Sherlock collapsed further into himself, desperate to shield himself from the incomprehensible madness he’d found himself in.
Days went by as Sherlock conducted his one-sided conversations.
No one would speak with him about freeing Sherlock.  Not the gaolkeeper, not the sheriff.  He sent a letter to the King seeking a pardon, but it would be days before he received an answer.  If he received any at all.  Colin, as Sherlock’s brother, be allowed to visit Sherlock, but not John.  Fools.  He did not know anyone else to whom he could turn for help; no one else had the authority to make such a decision.
“Are they, though?” Sherlock countered. “John had access to most everything I did—”
As much as I want to give Katie my undivided attention, I cannot help from glancing toward the back of the flat, my eyes flicking back and forth between the girl before me and the space beyond, space that holds the person whose importance to me is beyond my comprehension.  My only thought is to see my John, hold him in arms whose muscles ache from the lack of him, feel the warm breath that will make me, once again, feel fully alive.  I am utterly besotted with the unassuming man who so gently and capably holds my heart in his hands, and I cannot bear the thought of spending one more second without him.
It is shorter than I originally intended, but it seems a fitting place to conclude.
“Yes, I know, you be born bored.”  A smile crept onto John’s mouth, and he pivoted Sherlock around to block Aldus’s view should he wake, reaching out to trace his hand over the velvety fabric that caressed a smooth hip.  “Once Cedric be safely detained, then we will find someplace private and I will see to it that you forget the word ‘bored’ exists.  How does that sound?”  More from longing than a desire to seduce, he slicked his lips with his tongue.
“I know this sounds silly coming from someone my age, but it just kind of…happened.  After you left the cottage a few weeks ago, Sherlock and I started talking about getting older and what things we hadn’t done in life that we regretted not having done, and your Uncle Sherlock said he regretted never having kissed me…”
“Come’on, hurry up, quit dickin’ around.  I’ll put you in your cell and then you can play all you want.”
“Nothing.”
Aldus leaned in.  Whatever Cedric had to tell him must be more outrageous than what Sherlock had said to Sir John.
“JOHN!!”
John disentangles himself and jumps out of bed, (No!  Do not go!), but before I have time to scramble after him, he is back, holding something in his hand and a glint shining from his eyes that I know oh so well.
John could not see his love’s eyes, the narrow openings of the great helm Sherlock wore obscured them, but Sherlock canted his head toward John, silently acknowledging the declaration.  As uncertain as it be to convince anyone that Sherlock be Sir John, were he to talk, to use that voice so rich and velvety, twould erase all doubt he be not the knight.
After many minutes, John takes his own deep breath; he pants a few times and asks, “Are you all right, Sherlock?  You seem all right.  Are you getting enough air?”
“I do not think so,” John said. “I wish you could see him the times he be around you; tis not that he has not forgiven you, but that he be overwhelmed by what you did for him. I assure you, Sherlock knows you did it out of love and not because you did not care for him.  It does not come easily to him to express sentiment.”
Twelve, thirteen, fourteen…
He would have to agree with Sherlock, the secondary reaction was intriguing.
you would like, Sir John.  Anything at all.”
about?”
“Thou will stay with me at least until the morning light?  Will thou do that for me?”  His voice a gentle plea, John laid down, losing his fight to remain upright.
“We can take the baggage into the house and I would be happy, oh so happy, to kiss you until you can’t breathe, but I can’t unpack.”
. He kept reading.
Shit.  Bugger.  Fuck.
“When are you getting here?” John fumbled for the bedside lamp; the night nurse had turned everything off.
He grunts.
My heart filled with love and pride, (No! My eyes are
I am relieved to hear John looking at the situation from a sensible angle; perhaps he has not gone mad after all.
“What about thy family, Sherlock?”
…together…
“Oh, Christ.  I think I just deleted the whole goddamn thing.  Now I have to start over again.”  He squints at the screen, determining the extent of the damage.
“No.”
Though the exertion cost him dearly, Sherlock hovered his thumb indecisively over the Send button. It wasn’t as if he and John had parted on amiable terms.
I smile at Katie from where I sit, not needing to say anything since I already said my goodbyes. I know she has little doubt I will do my best to see John takes good care of himself, though admittedly through the years far too often it has been the other way around.
“Take your time.” Sherlock lied. He didn’t want John to take his time; they needed to find Simon
moment.
“Please, love.  For me?”  If he doesn’t have the common sense to take care of himself then I will have to emotionally blackmail him.  The chair creaks as he stands up, his bare feet padding along the rug until the bed dips beside me as he gets in.  Folding the covers over him, he snuggles against the back of me and I am warm again.
“Prankster,” Sherlock said, heading back inside. He’d stepped out onto the stoop, scanning the area for whoever’d rung the bell, but he’d seen no one. And looking down at the dog that still sat there, he shut the door in its face, but not before giving its head a welcomed scratch. “Good pooch.” It reminded him of a dog his family used to have.
GOOD question – HOW will I know when you have opened the package and your time starts? Ho hum. If I told you ALL my secrets, it wouldn’t be any fun, would it.
“That is when I knew John.  That is when I knew that the pulse inside me I thought came from the city, comes from you.  You are my life force.  I know I love you, but I did not know what that meant to me.  Today I found out.”
Sherlock fumbled in the pocket of his dressing gown for his phone. He needed to connect with someone. Someone real. John. He needed to text John. Surely John couldn’t still be angry with him. His search grew more urgent as he plunged deeper into his pocket, pulling at it until it was inside out. Nothing. His pocket was completely empty.
I go lie down on the sofa, close my eyes, and wait.  And think.  Not that kind of thinking.  Thinking about John.  About how much I will miss him, at least for a while.  I estimate it will be no more than two days that I will miss him, for that is how long it has been since I kissed him and fell in love.  Surely going through the withdrawal of being in love with him can last no longer the initial feelings themselves.  Surely.
be in it.”
“Thank God.  But, tis a good thing, be it not?  He can no longer hurt us.”  John struggled to tamp down his need to slide his hands up to Sherlock’s neck, his face.  In front of him stood a man he would never have believed could be shaken.  By anything.  “You were brave, so brave.  You should be proud.”
“The point
“Cedric?  What happened?  Where be John? Be he all right?” Great huffs of air left Sherlock’s lungs, and he grabbed Cedric’s shoulders, shaking them to get his attention.
“You know it?” Sherlock handed it to John.
? Tis his name, is it not?” Sherlock snapped at them.
“Oh my, tis good to see you, so good.” After several long moment she pulled away, dabbing at her eyes with her apron. “Oh look at me, what a mess.” Finished sniffling, she asked, “Have you someone with you? Two sets of feet I heard. Who be you?” She voiced her last question in John’s direction, finding Sherlock’s arm and hooking her own around it.
“John?”
What happened next was anti-climatic, really, the way the laser beams silently retreated as if they’d been a figment of their imaginations. The way the bomb stopped ticking, reduced to a pile of useless, twisted metal on the floor.
His frustration growing at not joining Andi and Sherlock, John bounced his fist on his thigh, waiting for Sherlock to respond. In a desolate, dodgy part of the city with a mad man on the loose, Sherlock (
“I uhm…”
It discomfited her not only to see Sherlock’s attachment to John, a characteristic rarely on display, but she saw the look of genuine fondness on John’s face as the shorter man tilted it up to have his scarf attended to.  Mum didn’t know the state of John’s relationship with his wife, but she needed to intervene.  Now.
“Virgin…sacrifice…to the gods…” I manage to blurt out between giggles.
“And what would that be?”
His volume turned down considerably, Sherlock said smoothly, “Since I appear to be trapped with you inside some type of hallucinatory bubble, it seems I have no choice but to join you, but I’d like to be back home as to soon as possible. If it wouldn’t be a bother.” For good measure, Sherlock clasped his hands on his lap and added a smile that he hoped looked at least vaguely convincing.
, John did not love him in return.
Using what seemed to be superhuman effort, because Sherlock didn’t comprehend how John had any reserves left, John stood, taking Sherlock with him. Unbuttoning Sherlock’s Belstaff and jacket, sliding his arms inside so he could wrap them around Sherlock’s body.
I sit for a time, sipping my tea, and then another, when a low rumble in my stomach reminds me I’m famished. I nibble on a few crisps whilst I fix dinner and when I’m done, the two hours has passed. I tap on the bedroom door to let Sherlock know it’s ready.  When he doesn’t answer, I crack open the door to a darkened room.  He’s lying on his side facing away from the door and I can tell by his breathing he has fallen asleep.  Leaving the door open as I go into the room so I have some light, I see he never undressed, didn’t even get under the covers.  Picking up the duvet I fold it over him.  One arm is wrapped around a pillow, me I suppose, I think with a smile.  And in the hand that protrudes from underneath it is his mobile.  Gently removing it, I’m curious to know what he was doing.  I activate it and see it’s open to his text app; at the top it says “Daughter”.  He’s been talking to Katie.
being patient.”
John swallowed the bitterness that rose from his stomach.  What he told Sherlock be more than a lie; it be a betrayal of his own soul.  Little be more important than if Sherlock lived or died.  It took all of John’s strength to keep from taking Sherlock in his arms, holding him as if he would never let go.  From telling him he did not mean it, not a word.  Through pure will, John did none of those things, instead, meeting Sherlock’s gaze, sure and steady.
have a brother?
His face is so kind, and I know that as much as he wants to tour the foliage, John will book a flight home in a heartbeat if I ask him.   He takes my glove off and circles my palm with his thumb.  “I love you.  I love you.  I love you,” his simple touch tells me.   As if I have doubt.
“Thou knows I love thee, yes?”
So he simply smiled at Sherlock, a crooked hint of a smile that belied the delicious flutter of anticipation inside, and said, “Yeah, it’s all right with me. Quite all right, in fact.”
Adjusting the gas fireplace knob to “on” and closing the drapes, I turn back toward the room in time to see John sprinkling silk flower petals onto the bed. When he is done, he turns on the half dozen battery-operated votive candles he brought with us, their electric flames dancing in the muted light; I have no need to ask him what he is doing.  While I am not immune to the mood he is striking, what warms me more is his commitment to keeping our relationship strong.  He is thoughtful in so many ways.
“No, Jennifer, you are not an idiot, you are the smartest girl in the world.”  I sat down and hugged her to me, her untamed curls in my face tickling my nose. “After all, you are your grandfather’s granddaughter.”
How annoying.  He should be railing at the world on Sherlock’s behalf.
Andi warmed at the praise—Mycroft addressed her formally only when especially pleased with her work.
The Adam’s apple in John’s throat bobbed as he swallowed.  It should have been explanation enough.  But no-o-o, not for Sherlock.  Not for the man who expected every truth to be revealed, no matter the cost to the person baring themselves.
“Ha,” Sherlock grunted.  “Tis not likely, not unless thou grows a head taller, and quickly; Colin has been quite efficient and be well on his way to finishing the suit.”
The recording had been cut off abruptly. Clearly, Simon hadn’t taken kindly to John going rogue with the script.
“Sh-”
John startled at the deep voice behind him; he hadn’t heard Sherlock come into the kitchen.
I turn my laptop screen so he can see it, the webpage banner that blazes “Tea- What you don’t know CAN kill you!”
John flinched.  That time “Sir John” be not an endearment.  He said nothing, for were he to apologise, he would not stop there.  He would gather Sherlock into his arms, hold him tightly to him and never let go.  Kiss away the storm on Sherlock’s face until nothing be left but happiness, squires and the world be damned.  But this he could not do, not if he were to keep his promise of ensuring Sherlock’s safety.
As Sherlock walked in front him on the way to get their coats, John couldn’t resist the urge.  The slight swish under that dress was just too damn tempting.  He reached out and full-palmed that delectable arse, giving it a good squeeze.
John squeezed his eyes shut as if his head hurt. “Okay, let’s try this again. Derek is Simon. And Andi is…”
He starts rubbing me again, calming me.
John and Mayhew kissed. Soft, tentative explorations that Sherlock supposed would be of the kind two people getting to know each other would share.
I remember, I’m not an idiot you know!”
“As I was trying to say, Sir,” the agent said, his expression bearing no trace of irritation at Sherlock’s outburst. “The dog has been ringing the bell.”
“No. No, Sherlock, I do
Simon stared into John’s eyes, assessing his options, but it was hard for him to think. The crowd had grown despite bull-horned pleas by police to go home, and the noise had gotten louder. The helicopter’s blades continued to whirl, its chuf chuf chuf taking on an insidious undertone.
John was in the habit of setting the alarm to allow for the maximum time to sleep. Four 16 – hour shifts in a row was inhumane.  Who could live on 5 hours sleep?  And in the middle of the day at that?  It was just not how anyone could live for any length of time.  It reminded him of his residency days when he had practically lived at the hospital.  He had been much younger then; sleep hadn’t seemed to be so important.  Now he was doing it to put a big down payment on a flat, a flat of his own.  Soon this self-inflicted cruelty would be over; he was getting close to the amount he needed.
“I be telling you now.  Please, John, do keep up.”
Transfixed by his husband’s beloved face, and the compassion and sensibility of what Sherlock had said, John was conflicted. This was why he’d wanted to leave a note, goddammit! John splayed his hand over his mouth, thinking. And through the cacophony of emotions and thoughts fighting for dominance in his brain came an epiphany that sent a white-hot bolt of shame through his body.
Stifling a laugh of heady joy, Simon looked up from the paper and surveyed the sea of faces around him.
Looking back at Sherlock, John took a deep breath and said, “Yes?”
I am puzzled.  Are we now thanking each other for sex?  I understand proper manners, but this seems extreme.  If it is what John wants… “Thank you, too.”
The hand that has not left mine gently leads me to the sofa.  He lies down, pulling me with him.   We have no choice but to fit tightly against each other in the slight space, not that we would want it any other way.  He presses my head to his chest where I can hear his heartbeat, strong and steady.
Sherlock resisted the urge to read the text.
With a hint of uncharacteristic bashfulness, John finally answered. “I wouldn’t mind awfully if you had a good go at it.  Please, though, do tell me we can get out of these buggering awful outfits first!”
“Tis not the time to worry about your duties.”  John patted Aldus’s leg, his smile more genuine as his gratitude for Aldus’s recovery pushed aside the argument he had had with Sherlock.  “The important thing be that you be hale soon.  I just be sorry I did not know about Cedric; I hold myself responsible for not protecting you.”
“There’s plenty of food in the fridge. You should be good unless there’s an emergency of some type.  If so, give Mrs. Saddlemen a call, she’ll be glad to give you a lift.  If it's a true emergency, say like, you cut off a finger, dial 999.”
“I be at your service, Sir John.”  Sherlock lifted the blanket back up from where it had fallen, tucking the edges about John’s shoulders.
I feel John’s skin every day, his arms, his face, his neck, and most fortuitously, I have of late come to enjoy the particular pleasures of his back.  But this…
-----------------
“Yes, Sherlock?”
“John.”
The two years Sherlock had been ‘dead’ after jumping off bloody St Barts had been an eternity, had nearly destroyed John.  He refused to relive that hell.  He refused to allow Sherlock to make that kind of sacrifice again.
“Why can’t he just leave me alone." She let the call ring out again, knowing that if she declined the call, he’d know she was there. And setting the mobile on the brass‑rimmed table in front of her, she stood, listening to it ring for the third time. But this time when it stopped ringing, about a minute out, the mobile emitted one sharp ding. He’d left a message.
‘Dammit’, I curse to myself; I can’t wipe my nose on my sleeve.
“No, you don’t.  Because it’s on your list and I know for a fact you aren’t one…yet.”
The door opened for them before John’s hand touched the latch, and Colin flung himself at Sherlock, nearly knocking him over.
I am told to ‘shut up’.  Not by a police officer, but by my very angry husband (‘John!  There you are!’ hiccup.) who has managed to force his way to the front of the crowd.  No doubt a few bruised, if not broken, limbs, trail behind him.
Tied up.  Ha.  Probably some euphemism for running hair-brained after the source of a rare strain of Asian tobacco.  While intriguing to Sherlock, the importance of it would be incomprehensible to the rest of mankind.
This really would be a good place to end the story, and I thought about it.  But there is a little more I want to do, so there will be at least one chapter more.  My apologies for taking so long to get this one posted; I struggled to get the tone I wanted, but I think I got there.
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, I was.  It was a difficult night for you and I have to say I’m glad to see you’re doing better.” He waited expectantly; it appeared as though Sherlock had something more to say.
“Colin, thou has a brother.”  She pursed her lips.  How Laila wished she could see the expression on his face; his silence told her nothing.  Or maybe it did.  Perhaps he be horrified that she lied to him about something so important, and would never speak to her again.  Her shoulders drooped in shame. Not for the life she had lived, but for the secrets she had held so close to her.
Sherlock awoke with a start, blurrily reading that his watch said 1:38 p.m. Blinking the sleep from his eyes, he pushed himself up in the chair and looked in John’s direction, relief hitting him as he saw John say a few words to the nurse.
“Aksdjskakdl.”
A warm hand gripped his shoulder. “Sherlock.”
“You kissed him.  I saw!  That’s what Janice’s daddies do.”  To my mortification, she puckered her lips and gave me her best kissing imitation, sound effects included.
.’  But I do not.  For one of the first times in my life, I realise it is not about what I want.
William opened his eyes and touched Millicent’s arm.  “Tis rude of me, child; I mean no disrespect to your mother.  A fine woman she was. Every bit as fine as Sherlock’s mother. But tis something about a first love; it takes one’s heart captive and holds it tight in its warm embrace, as if no harm can come to you.  I think twas why I when I discovered what I thought to be her betrayal, I went a little mad.”
“Come on, Cedric.”  Aldus tugged at Cedric’s arm, urging him out of the tent.  “He be right, tis what Sir John would tell us to do.  Let me see to your arm and then we can set up a suitable cover from which we can keep post.  We cannot be too careful in case your attacker returns.”
“Only me.”  Sherlock’s heart quickened under John’s attention.
“I really must go, Dr. Watson. If you have further questions, please talk to Dr. McGregor. He’ll be able to fill you in with all you need to know.” She clicked off the call and turned off her mobile. Tomorrow, she’d have to see about getting a new number.
“Yes?”
John looked down the bed to Sherlock, a puzzled look on his face.
~~**~~
But Sherlock did not stop until he took John all the way to the precipice.  And over.
“Some men get better looking as they get older, and some get just, well, old.  You’re very definitely in the former category.  You are
Sherlock roused with a start.
“No, nope.” As if of its own volition, John’s head nodded slowly as he thought, his gaze drifting away from his screen.
Sherlock tipped the sword into the ground and gave John his full attention.  “Yes, John? What be important?”
My mind races.  I do not know what to do.  I cannot.  I cannot. I cannot…
"Would you like..." He tried again, his tongue sliding across his lips as his muddled mind cast about for words to end his sentence.
Plants, and lots of them. Books about plants. Plant lights. Seemingly, a unique food for each variety of the … many, many plants.
“Aldus!” Sherlock yelled with such volume surely all of England would hear him.
Since the time I died I have not seen my husband, and surely if any one belongs in Heaven, John Watson does.  Determined to find out if perhaps I missed John in passing, whilst the Judge took a break to confer with His council I surreptitiously looked in The Book, the one listing those who have entered the Pearly Gates, but no John H. Watson is listed, no John Hamish Watson, or JH Watson.  I see no variation of his name listed anywhere.  The only conclusion I can come to is that John has gone to Hell, therefor so shall I.
The next day Brian Phelps stood in the IT control room deep in the bowls of HM Prison Wandsworth.
The smoke from the candle, dirty and biting, nipped at Sherlock’s nostrils.  His nose twitched as he sniffed back the tickle to keep from waking John.  When the urge to sneeze passed, he puffed out the candle’s flame.  Twas nothing more at the moment that Sherlock needed to see; John’s wound be cleaned and he be sleeping.
Rose lifted her head, opened her mouth and, pausing for just a moment as if to check if she were doing the right thing, she filled the small space with a deep woof.
John cleared his throat and glanced away. And turned a shade pinker.
“Yea, a servant of
John’s quickly backs away from me, dropping his arm that was reaching for my waist.
John liked Clara, despite the obvious defect that she had fallen in love with, and married, someone like his sister.  She seemed a good sort, kind and responsible.  Who knew, maybe she could help Harry turn around. Odder things happened in the world.  He just hoped for Clara’s sake she didn’t get dragged down by Harry’s selfish ways; it would ruin a good woman.
but he needed every piece of evidence or fact they had, no matter how small. It could be useful in pointing him in Simon’s direction.
But something was happening back at the crossing, a commotion of some sort. A black cab sat in the road, and a flock of people gathered on the far side of its bonnet.
John rubbed his injured thigh as he thought, ruffling the blanket on his lap.
“Oh, do not look like that,” Sherlock said, dismissing John’s dismay with a wave of his hand. “Tis the sentiment you value. You did not want to taint his memory by acting in such an unchivalrous manner. My guess is that associating with prostitutes tis not to be found in the Knight’s code of conduct.” Sherlock snorted.
He had never personified his trophy, even to Sherlock it seemed too macabre to call it by the victim’s name and he had never found it necessary to assign it one.  Despite its lack of functionality, it really was no different to him than any piece of furniture in the flat.
“My… I don’t keep journals. I mean, Ella suggested I write a blog, which I do. So why would I keep journals, too?”
Rushing to the back door, Sherlock threw it open, stunned to see an empty space where the Land Rover should be.  Hurrying to the desk next, he nearly dropped the drawer in his haste to open it.  Looking inside he confirmed what he already knew; the car keys were not there.
~~**~~
Andi twiddled with a pen, juggling it between her fingers.
John’s hand stops mid-stroke, and taking off his glasses, sets them atop his book he has put down.  Turning to look at me, “What brought this on?  I thought you were happy at the cottage.”
Sherlock slammed the door as soon as it be only him and John left in the room.
“Whatever you say to me, you are free to say in front of my men. They be discreet.”
way he could walk out of the flat in this condition; it had to be taken care of.  NOW.
His voice hushed, John said, “Yes, I think tis enough; tis time for you to rest. Lay down and I will put a blanket over you.”
“Did you really think the forensic evidence would support the fact that you, a man 6” shorter than the true killer, murdered Magnussen?  You didn’t think this through, did you.  So to answer your question, ‘Why am I here?’  I came to get you out, of course.”  Sherlock felt it couldn’t be more obvious.
“But John, I think you look lovely, really.”  The laugh Sherlock barely contained, the little spurts of air forcing themselves from his clamped lips, said otherwise.
” face, the one he gives me when he considers something I have said or done, daft.  Unfortunately, I have been on the receiving end of too many of these looks over the years and have mentally cataloged the precise usage of each time he says “fuck”, whether by word or expression.  He has a surprisingly sizeable number of nuances; it is an entire vocabulary in and of itself.).
’, then?  You’re having sex with a
He didn’t know.
I look at the clock by the bed; it is half seven.  “But, we will miss the show.”  As much as I want to put the costume on, I do not want to disappoint John; he has been looking forward to seeing Cirque du Soleil since we booked our flight.
“What?”
John reaches behind himself and pulls up the back of his t-shirt.  Just a little bit.  Just enough.  I am already starting to feel exceptionally warm before I even touch him.  He feels for my hand, and finding it, presses it against the skin he uncovered.
“Ah, no, but we can’t have you falling over, can we.”
Flick.
The next Dear Boy chapter will come out as a one shot.  I wanted to write a holiday story of John and Sherlock's first Christmas and I settled on doing it in the Dear Boy world, which means I need to go back 8 years.  It should come out in a couple of weeks; I hope you will join our boys for it.  Chapter 19 in this story will be completed and posted after that, so it will come out in 4 or 5 weeks.   Thank you for joining me on their journey, it means so much to me!
Andi zoomed in, but the intruder was careful to keep his face down, hidden in the hood. “Shite. Criminals are so stupid; why can’t they be stupid enough to show their faces. Maybe he dropped his wallet.” Andi laughed. “I read about that all the time, that that’s how they catch people.”
Cedric’s glance swept between the body and the horse, and back, his forehead creasing.  “But, Sir, I cannot-”
As we now sit at the breakfast table holding hands, there is only one thought in my mind. Only one thing that will bring me happiness beyond measure~ I want to kiss John again and never stop. Even if I do stop breathing, I will die knowing it has been a very good life.  A
Sherlock put his hands up. “If you look closely, you’ll see that Agent Rasperson has the gun; it would be imprudent of you to consider me a threat to her. Now, if you don’t mind, I have other, more pressing matters to attend to.”
John pulled the front flaps of Sherlock’s cloak together.  Not so much to shield from view the body he wanted no one else to see, but to have an excuse to touch Sherlock.  To be close.
“Act bored.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“When does thou-”
Simon’s ego and curiosity could have kept him around long enough to see what Sherlock would do.
~~**~~
So he had lied, told John he had not read the drive, told John that it had to be ruined.
The gun on the table became the only thing John could focus on. If he could get to it, he could take the detonator. Derek wasn’t quite as clever as he thought.
With little decorum I rip the wrapping off, and as I realise what he has given me…us… I smile at him with unfettered delight, happy to know I no longer need to ponder moving from the comfort of our cottage.  For what the wrapping holds is an electric blanket.  (I do not know why I did not think of this before; I am supposed to be the “genius”.  Too often my husband proves me wrong.)
as she be punished?  I wrap her in cloth, pour pig blood on her in this area,” Sherlock walked slowly around the body, his finger pointing, cutting through the air this way and that as if he be mentally dissecting Mavis. “Make it appear as if she be beheaded.  Tis so much people see, yet rarely do they observe.”
Sherlock shut his eyes and replayed the meeting. There had been nothing suspect about Mayhew (Bayers?) sauntering along the path, approaching John. True, Mayhew had asked the time instead of asking for directions, as was the code, but the two inquiries had been so similarly mundane and cliché as to be interchangeable. And the man handcuffed to the chair beside him had looked remarkably similar to the man in the grainy, ten-year-old photo that Lestrade had given them.
“Is it no, or are you unsure?”
“Surely she isn’t destitute if she lives in one of those homes. They must be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.”
“Yes, you’re my date.  Of course, you are.  But could you keep your voice down please.  The whole world doesn’t need to know that, at least not until I’ve told Katie.”
“If you had done your
When Sherlock neared his peak, as he would have for himself, John pumped Sherlock’s shaft, twisting his grip as he closed in on its crown.  Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s back, and he held on as his body stiffened, warm fluid flowing over John’s grip.   Only then did John allow his own release, feeling his thighs become warm and sticky.
I swallow the lump in my throat that has formed there.
John is the first to break a long silence. “Thank you, Sherlock.”
“This,
“Are you going to explain to me what that was about?” He demanded.  “You are
This one was on John.
As John removed his cloak, Sherlock put a hand out, stopping him.  “No, I am not cold.  Never have I been warmer.  Tis you that warms me.”  A soft smile spread across Sherlock’s lips, lips swollen from kisses.  Kisses freely taken and freely given.  And he pulled John back into the circle of his arms.
“Wake him.  He will finish the cooking and you will look after Sir John.  He be resting, but I do not want him to be alone when he wakes. No doubt he still be weak.”
He deleted the text. And changed his mind.
“Focus? Focus on what?” John shifted his hips, not sure Sherlock had been successful in his goal.
that way.  Shaking the image from his mind, he set the picture back down and moved to the closet.
Sir John inhaled deeply, calming himself.  Looking up into the sky, the sun had moved closer to the horizon since he and his men had stopped; nighttime drew near.
“It appears as if I have no choice. If it’s Mycroft…” Letting his threat hang in the air, Sherlock released his hand from John’s and strode quickly to the door. Throwing it open, he ignored the dog that still stood there, aiming his vitriol at the being that had the ability to—but made the choice not to—think rationally.
John twisted around in his chair, bobbing his head to catch glimpses of Sherlock between the balloons. Sherlock practically glided through the kitchen, taking tea and a cup from the cupboard, fetching milk from the fridge, pouring boiled water. And as he did, he whistled. Not one of his classical pieces, but, from what John could make out, a pop tune. A romantic ballad.
“How far you think you’re gonna get? You shoot me, we’re both gone.” Simon stepped back far enough that John couldn’t easily grab the detonator.
None of the above.
“Nothing at all.”
He suddenly looks concerned.  “Sherlock, you do
“Eh, that’s what ya all say.” The wench pushed John away and covered herself. “Oh! Me be a
“It’s a sock puppet,” John said, taking the pieces from Sherlock. And pulling the sock onto his arm, he balanced the eyes and hair on his fist before they fell off. He added sheepishly, “My sister made them when we were kids.”
“Sherlock,” the Naked One spat, glaring down the length of his nose at Sir John, a full head shorter than him.  “I am the son of a Lord and there will be a handsome reward for my return.”
Relief flooded Sherlock; John be awake.  Forgetting they needed to hide their affections, he laid a hand on John’s cheek, trying to control its tremble so John would not know how fearful he be.
“But, anniversary or not, I want to tell you because it is true.”  Because I just discovered a private part of you that sends thrills down my spine and I want to visit it again and again and it makes me love you all the more.
“Jesus!  A target?!  What the fucking Christ has she gotten herself into?!”
Re-buttoning our shirts and carefully rearranging the evidence of our aborted attempt at a last fling in singlehood, hand-in-hand we leave the bedroom to greet our guests.  Katie, Mycroft, Greg, Molly and her third husband James, and Mrs. Hudson all gather in our small home, filling the space with laughter and love.  Well, more love, anyway.  Hugs and congratulations make the rounds, with much catching up to do for those who have not seen each other for some time.
He wanted Sherlock.
“Yes, okay, all right; I’ll be there as soon as possible.”  John nods his head again, slowly, reluctant to make such a promise.  “She’s at… okay.  No, no, I know where that is.” (‘She’?  Who is ‘she’?) Another deep breath and he says ‘thank you’, his voice barely more than a whisper as he disconnects the call.  His arm dropping to his side, John rolls the mobile in his hand over and over, his eyes fixed somewhere on the other side of the room, looking at nothing.
“Well, one of the main ‘symptoms’, as you call them (it’s not a disease, you know!), is just exactly what you were talking about, being, uhh, ‘consumed’ by me. When you’re in love it’s almost impossible to think about anything
“But, what?”
right now, and this was not John.
“I am sorry, John.  I did not mean to…”
Lying on his side, John tentatively reaching out his hand to smooth it across Sherlock’s flat abdomen, along his hipbone, along his….  Eyes closed he felt the velvety smoothness that was wet with pre-come.  He inwardly groaned.  He hadn’t thought his own dick could get any harder, yet here he was, feeling like he might fall off a precipice and Sherlock hadn’t even touched him yet.  Involuntarily he strained towards Sherlock, unwittingly inviting him to touch him.
“Exactly, John!”  I am glad he comes to see my point of view.
“What do you need me to do John?  How can I help you?”  My heart races as I imagine the worst, wondering if I am going to lose him to the dilemma about which he remains silent.
He tries not to, but he cannot help the “Oww!” that bursts from him, his mouth leaving me.
John laughed.  Not a giggle, a cackle, or even a hearty chuckle.  No, twas a full-body laugh that held no mirth. And when he stopped, the last of the sound leaving him, he stared at Sherlock, stony-eyed.
“But, John,” I bluster.  “I did it for you.  You were moping about, and I knew you would be too proud to admit you would rather go home.”
“Setting out treats for Santa.”  My husband made this extraordinary statement as if it were the most ordinary thing in the world.
He grasps a suitcase handle in each hand and rolls them to the door.  Out the door. To the boot of the car.  Next go the boxes.  They all fit.  Drat.
8:01. Four minutes!
to find out.  And to do so, he needed to figure out a way to trick John into revealing the truth.
“When?  Now?”
My home.
“I said it could be dangerous and
She drew a long breath, expanding her arms, puffing out her chest as she did, and blew it out slowly. And she did it again. And again, until the black veil was gone.
“By the way, I’m not leaving again,” John said gently.  “You’re just going to have to put up with me.  That is, if you’ll take Scotti and me as a package deal.”
Once John had started thinking there was a very real possibility he would see Sherlock again, he had played this moment so many times in his head, imagining what  Sherlock’s reaction might be when he saw him.  Would he conceal his reaction beneath a mask of stoicism?  Would he get angry and throw him out?  Would he…be happy?  Be glad to see John and smile, forgiving him?
“I’ll leave the frivolity to you. Isn’t that why you’re going on holiday? To have
But in the next second, Mayhew arched away from John, looking at him for a hard moment. Mayhew sprang to his feet and bolted.
John’s simple plea be ignored.  Whether due to stubbornness or distraction, he could not tell.
Cedric shrugged John’s hand off. “But, Sir.  He be too old, and neither has he served as a page. I hope—I hope you do not think of training him for knighthood; twould tarnish the title.  No, tis not right.”
choose?
Sherlock was perplexed.  Why in the world would John care what he put in his mouth?
John looked down at them and riffling them nervously, said, “What are these Sherlock?  Whose names are these?  These
But now?  After all these years be it wrong to keep Colin and Sherlock from each other? Was she wrong to keep Sherlock from William?  Whatever the consequences for her, even death, would not any possible reconciliations be worth the outcome?
“Oh. You have a point there.”
Tea.  I need tea.  I turn the tap on, filling the kettle; it overflows as I stare out the window, hoping,
“All right, if this is what you wish, then it is what we will do.”  All the way on my side of the bed I woefully wish him a good night, my hand pressed up against the berm, imagining it is him that I feel.
I cannot unbutton our shirts fast enough.  I need to feel his skin on mine.  I need to feel his heart beating against me with nothing between us but….us.
:  See John’s back.  Is there a radiance there which differs from the rest of him, a visible glow which somehow indicates its distinctiveness?
He sits up beside me and with the same tenderness I saw in his eyes last night (I think even though I am not used to such an expression on him, I could get used to it very quickly), he puts his hand on my face.  Is he going to kiss me again?  My heart flutters.
The better to observe.  The easier to be ignored.
Blotting her lips with a tissue she plucked from the box, she continued assessing her reflection.
Wait!  Be that an
Mrs. Hudson peered up through her glasses, looking through him. He’d known her long enough to know when she didn’t believe he was telling the truth, at least not all of it. And she was usually right.
No, I lied when I told him I forgot I wanted to kiss him.  What is it young people say now?  ‘As if’?
time ago…”  I pause, looking to make sure he catches the emphasized ‘
I lay on the edge of the bed, facing away from him.  He lifts my shirt toward my head, pulls my pyjama bottoms down a modest amount, leaving a hand-wide space; my lower back has lost some of its protection.  It is not cold but it has lost its warm cocoon.
I cannot stand it anymore; I must know how he did it.
“As you say, we just all die in the end, anyway.” John aimed the gun at him, his hand as steady as his gaze. “But I’d like a few days’ extension if you wouldn’t mind. There’s some things I want to take care of.”
Quickly dropping his now soggy paper, he gapes at me and then at the spilt tea on the table and then at his mug that has bounced twice and come to a halt several feet away, unscathed.
I look at him blankly, searching my memory for missed adventures, things or places I’ve longed to experience, but have not.  Nothing comes to mind.  I have lived, and continue to live, a very satisfying life.
“As much as I do not like the idea of thou being anywhere near the competition, I like even less the idea of Cedric being free.  But since thou does not plan to compete, then I should be the one to go.  My shoulder be better and I can wear the armour.”
Sherlock froze the video and zoomed in, dismayed that now that he finally saw Simon’s face, it wasn’t one he recognized; it had been a long shot, but he hadn’t been without hope, not when Simon’s actions had hit so close to home. They had felt personal.
He brings his cuppa into the sitting room with him and picks up the newspaper.
A soft mist fell on John as he sat along the promenade between Tower Bridge and the Tower of London, but he took no notice of that or anything else around him.  Most sitting there on a temperate June night, on the cusp between spring and summer, would have been enchanted by the pink and blue tinted lights on the bridge.  Would have found the lighted buildings along the skyline comforting, their presence a reminder of the indomitable spirit of London.  A city many centuries old that was the perfect blend of old and new.  A city that gave testimony to the idea that not all living things need have a pulse.
Sherlock, content to know that John was there, really
At that moment the door opened.  I pulled back quickly, hoping the nurse hadn’t seen, but instead, in walked Mrs. Hudson with Katie.  Shite!  I forgot I called and asked Mrs. Hudson to bring Katie here, that I wouldn’t be at home.  My entire body flushed in self-consciousness, and clearing my throat, I stood up straight, shifting my hand to Sherlock’s wrist as if taking his pulse.
unmistakably his voice.”
I’m glad Katie videoed the ceremony for us. Half full of nerves and the other half filled with excitement, I remember barely a moment of it; it was all so surreal.  All I remember is Sherlock handing me the hanky, and then before I knew it Sherlock and I were hugging and kissing, our cheeks wet with emotion, and everyone was clapping.  As quick as that, the ceremony was over; we were married.
Sherlock approached the entrance, making no attempt to conceal himself; he wasn’t under any delusion that Simon wouldn’t have the entire area around his bolt hole surveilled, already aware that he and Andi were there. He was also quite certain he had correctly deduced the location of Simon’s hideout—an abandoned building strategically located near his hunting ground, the Ram’s Head. Sherlock’s confirmation came via text as he picked the lock on the door.
John nodded, already missing the warmth in Sherlock’s voice.  Surely the aloofness was for Cedric’s benefit.  Was it not?  But he did not have time to ponder the difference, for Cedric had started talking.
“But thou be in pain, John.”  He did not so quickly forget the small laugh that had jarred John’s injury.
“Hm,” Sherlock grunted. “Be thou expecting a different lover?”
Ten months I have been writing this story (yes, I’m slow, lol) and it has been one of the greatest joys of my life to do so.  I have literally cried thinking it would one day come to an end, but, the happy part for me is there are more stories to be written!
But this time the lie was not about nearly blinding myself last Tuesday when the beaker of acid exploded.  Or how I am going to use him as a test subject for my new experiment.
His voice is firm but the softness does not leave his eyes.
?  You will not
John nodded at the bed of sheets and blankets he had arranged on the sofa, the corner turned down, ready for its occupant.
Lightly tapping twice, when no response came, he opened the door.   Still in bed, the blankets covered John completely.
“Yes, we have to go.”  His words are absolute, but his tone is not; he sounds as content as me. “We paid almost 125 quid per ticket and I don’t want to waste the money.  Besides, Molly said…”
“Shhh, lower your voice; Sherlock need not know I have told you.  Sir John said without Eduard we could use another set of hands, that Sherlock be perfect to take his place.  And when I asked him if he would train him to be a knight, Sir John did not answer.  Which I can only surmise means ‘yes.’”
“Tell me the truth; how serious be my injury?”
“I humbly beg your pardon for startling you, good sir.  I have been long in my journey and too hurried to stop long enough to do other than sleep. May I be so bold as to ask to accompany you in your meal?  I have little to offer you in return, save for my gratitude.”
When he entered their room at the inn, John masked his weariness as he sat on the end of Aldus’s bed, careful not to jostle him; the squire had come close, far too close, to losing his fight against the poison.  Forcing a smile, John asked, “How be the patient today?  You look much better than you did last I saw you.  Some colour in your cheeks now,” John said approvingly.  “Colin takes good care of you, I see.”
Finished looking around the flat, John heard Sherlock shout his name from the bathroom.  ‘Damn it, John!’  He berated himself; he shouldn’t have left Sherlock alone.  The man had nearly drowned and was exhausted; he could be feeling faint and fall in the shower.  John practically ran across the small living room, throwing open the door.
Sherlock’s gaze strayed to the door that still had not moved, and quickly shifted his attention back to Colin, daring him to say something.
I lick my lips, and as I am about to say it I know I shouldn’t, but I do; I can’t remember the last time I was this angry with him.  “You lied to me for two years, Sherlock.
to see John, he could not find it in himself to take John to task.  Dropping a hand onto John’s shoulder to hold him steady, he searched the room for the barmaid, signaling her over when he caught her eye.
“Do I have to answer you right now?  I have never given such an act contemplation; I need to think about this.”
Were we listening, we would hear coming from the telly the congratulations of our small wedding party, the pop of the champagne bottle cork as we assemble for the toast and a light dinner amid the chatter of family and friends.
“Sherlock,” John sighed again.  “Thou will not leave me, will thee.  Thou be mine.”
~~**~~
Sherlock restarted the clip from the beginning. And because he didn’t feel it was all masochistic enough, he put his earbuds in; John would be speaking, and he wanted to stream him directly into his brain. But as soon as John started talking, Sherlock ripped the buds out.
“Hello, Mary,” he said.
Lestrade looked more closely at John.  He knew it was a few years ago and the doctor had probably forgotten, there were so many patients that came and went, but he knew he was right.  “I’m right grateful for all you did, it was a close call with all the cocaine he had in him.  The good news is, he’s been off drugs ever since; in fact, that’s him over there, he’s the one that saved the suspect from drowning,” he said, nodding to where Sherlock hovered at the back of the ambulance.
Sherlock lurched forward and scrambled to his feet. “Ahh, no. I uhm, perfectly fine. Just fine, thank you.” He looked everywhere but at John as he sat in a nearby chair, his disconcertion disconcerting. He stared at the screen sat on his lap, willing himself to absorb the details of the video and not the man who sat a few feet away.
so…would it be wrong to call it ‘loving’?  Whatever one called it, he wanted more.  More of Sherlock’s mouth.  More of Sherlock’s strong hand on his cock.  More of the scent of the man who was, more than usual, driving him batty.
“And it’s a technological improbability; not close to where computer scientists are in their capabilities.” Sherlock watched Rose’s paws flicker as she chased after something in a dream. “Medication calculated to activate at the moment I gave the command so that she instantly went to sleep?”
With one small touch Sherlock had begun to do what the doctors and the psychiatrist could not do.  He had begun to restore John’s heart.
By the time John turned his head, the man was out of sight behind him, already helping Sherlock with the door. But instead of being ushered effortlessly into the building, John heard banging against metal. And a heavy thump.
It was now Sherlock who looked to the door and beyond; resuming his pacing, he walked the same staccato path back and forth.  And for the first time, Nika noticed the weariness on his face, the concern etched around his eyes and mouth that, with an educated guess, she knew had not been there the day before. Sherlock didn’t care about the chip. He cared about Dr. Watson. John.
“This is nice, John. Do we have to go?”  If possible, my body relaxes even more; I lean into him, molding myself to his body.  He makes a very fine pillow.
Mycroft nodded silently after his brother, regretting deeply it would likely be the last time he would see him a free man.
Sherlock could almost see Mycroft studying his nails, putting on an air of innocence as he deflected Sherlock’s accusation. For the sake of expediency, he’d let his brother have this one. “And we need a crew to move John and his equipment to one of the upper floors. He’ll be safer there.”
“Did they have to be
“SHER. LOCK. HOLMES!  TEN, NINE…”
Quietly leaving the flat, I set aside the usual inclination to congratulate myself on a job well done. This outcome was not in the hands of Giorgio Amici; it was written in the stars when time began.
“Can I help you?” A man walks into view; he looks vaguely familiar, but I cannot place him. A frown furrows on his face as he glances, in what I presume to be an attempt at discretion, at the gift-wrapped box in my hand. “Do you have an appointment?”
John is dying.
Sherlock felt the groan before he heard it, felt it vibrate through his head, taking the pain that was there and amplifying it to unspeakable proportions.  For once he wished he was a swearing man, anything to release the pounding that was scattering his thoughts into fragments of incoherence.
“Ahh, I see,” John said, his head bobbing up and down. “No, I do not see,” he admitted, the bobbing changing into a shake.
“No. No, I’m sorry, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  John shook his head, keeping his face placid, not wanting to give any hint he knew who Lestrade was.  As soon as Lestrade had approached him, he’d known exactly who he was; he was with Sherlock the night of the overdose and that was a conversation John did not want to engage in right now. He already had enough trouble silencing the memory of Sherlock in his head; to hear it spoken out loud might completely undo him.
done?
“Go get your coat, honey, you’re freezing.”   John looks no less chilled than I, his arms wrapped around himself, brusquely rubbing them; his teeth chattering.   I am touched by his concern; he is as uncomfortable as I, yet his thought is only for me.
“See?”
John floated on a cloud, as if detached from the rest of him.  No longer conscious of telling his body to move, it just
smoothly.  “No, I mean the day after.”
Out the flat door in record time, John pounded down the steps, bursting through the door to Baker St. just as a police cruiser, light flashing, screeched to a halt.
again.
Oh god oh god oh god.  I nearly suffocated John!  What if he were not awake to tell me he could not breathe?  I would wake up cold, wondering what the lump beneath me was.  John…  I cannot even think it.
Sherlock lifted his chin defiantly.
He couldn’t stop himself from blurting out (and he never
old.”
“But I need to change. Put on some shoes—”
“I would like to think you be right in that, but I do not deserve such merit; if he does forgive me, much of his ability to do so be due to you.” Laila squeezed John’s hand.
If not for himself, he needed to be there for Sherlock.
“Do you know this woman?” Sherlock snapped open the folded printout of James, practically shoving it in John’s face.
There were many times in the last eleven months Sherlock feared he might not survive.  Not due to the injury that caused a long and painful recovery, but because the one person he cared for more than any other was no longer by his side.  And though he had been separated from John one time before, the devastatingly long two years it took to destroy Moriarty’s web, that had been vastly different.  That time Sherlock had had a mission. A mission that when finished, would reunite him with his greatest friend and partner.
And finally, John spoke, his eyes clear and sharp. “Let me see if I understand this,” he said, each word deliberate. “I had a
Wondering, as two men in love, what the future held for them.
“Sherlock.”  His eyes fluttering closed, the name left John in a contented sigh.
“I… I don’t… My mother used to… habit…” Sherlock spluttered, increasingly lost on how to rectify his gaffe. What was John to think? Sherlock's gaze darted around the room, looking everywhere except at John and looking for anything which could prompt within him a reasonable explanation for what he had done.
Sherlock’s second revelation of the day left John reeling far more than the first.  And that was without sharing the small bit of information that he suspected Mary of colluding with Shirkov to end the detective’s life.
Who am I, you ask? Daring to presume so much about a man who obviously values his privacy? I am Giorgio Amici, servant to those who seek help navigating the oft bewildering maze of courtship. Some would call me a matchmaker, but that is far too simplistic a label. It takes an undefinable talent (I say, most humbly, that I possess this talent in abundance) to discern the needs of a client. Needs of which the client themself may be wholly unaware. Or unwilling to admit.
As Sherlock’s lips began to move against his, John’s eyes flew open.  Staring back at him were a pair of vibrant blue ones. Neither surprised or accusing, they simply watched John, waiting to see what he would do next.
I hear the mild surprise in his voice.  He knows my brother and I have never been close, but over the years we have set aside some of our petty feuds, realising we are all we have left after our parents’ deaths.
But now I am stuck with my plan.  Everything will be fine, it just may take a little longer than I initially thought until I get my brain back.
Sherlock’s smile wilted. “What do you mean? All I did was make you tea.”
A chuckle bubbled from John’s mouth. “I think not.  Jealous I would be, hearing you tell one and all you love them!  Hmmm, let me think.  Should be something that no one will know what it means, not even Cedric and Aldus…Eduard!  I forgot about Eduard!  Christ.  We need to go, love. Uhm, I mean Sherlock.”
“Of course, not.  And Sherlock?  Even if you did, don’t you fucking
Ha!  I understand!  He is teaching me another lesson.  Exactly what it is, I am not sure. He will be back soon, I know it. When I told him to move out, he left, but not for long.   My eyes flick to my watch; he should be back any minute now and then he will tell me what I have learned.
John smiles at me.  My heart goes flippity flip.
But during the two years he exiled himself he came to realize there were people he did care about, and he wanted to no longer take them for granted even if it meant to the detriment of his work.  In doing so, his ability to see those around him clearly had suffered more than he realized.  The mental acuity for which he was so well-known had become clouded to the extent that he had failed to see the threat in the room with him.  Mary.
“Your shirt?”  I point out that he has not yet removed it.
“What if I make it
So immersed be he in his misery, Sherlock had forgotten he be not alone.
And on the screens, each and every one of them, was the face of Moriarty.
“Sherlock, you haven’t got any shoes on,” John calls after me.
“What’s wrong with Papa?”  She looked from Sherlock to me, her eyes wide.
“Good Rosie. Good girl.”
Sherlock moved on. In his pocket, he gripped the mobile that had been in his hand since he left the house, knowing the sooner he identified Simon, the sooner he could end the menacing messages. The sooner John would be safe. But things weren’t always that simple, were they. To know that Simon had rummaged amongst John’s memories, using his own twisted logic to decide what was useful, what was appealing, repulsed Sherlock, making him feel somehow complicit in Simon’s violation.
), her head was gone.”
I sigh with happiness, this will take me all night.
I will be fine.  I think.
I can’t help but suck in a breath.  As much as he has evolved over the years, “fear” is still a four letter word to Sherlock.  I know he’s fearful sometimes, as is every other human being on the planet, but to get him to admit it…?
John fought a good battle, trying to engage his mind to stay awake until Sherlock’s return, but he lost, falling asleep; surely Sherlock would wake him.  As John had done every night since he and Sherlock had met, he dreamed of Sherlock.  Sherlock in his arms.  Sherlock, strong and beautiful and always his.  Only his.
And after a blur of motion, the video went black. Words appeared, like a film’s end credits:
“The other day when Katie left, I started thinking about how much tea you drink when you are sad, so I started searching for studies on the possibility of toxicity since you drink so much of it. I do not want you to hasten your death, John.”
John looked up at Lestrade.  “Will you get us a cab, please?”
“Thou be the smartest man I have ever known, but humans be unpredictable beings, and we cannot always know what they think.”
~~**~~
of having a lover and all along
“Where do you think I’ve seen
Sherlock.
Drat. Why have I failed to make him smile?  A real smile?  The Oh-God-How-I-Love-You Smile?  The one that makes my heart flutter, and makes me forget that anything or anyone else around us exists?  It is the smile he wears when he is happiest.  The one for which I would literally kill, though thankfully I have not had to resort to such an extreme.  Recently.
A prison never really goes to sleep.  The lights never fully dim, for total darkness gives those inclined to carry on the deeds that brought them there in the first place too much cover to hide.  Too much privacy to protect a man from unwanted sexual advances that those in polite society would call rape.  Give the mentally unstable too much blank space on which to write an alternate reality, to see things that weren’t really there.
“John, the only place I need to be is where you are.  Yes, I love the country, and I love London.  And I love the baby, but you… you I love best.  So if you are happy, then I am happy.  What was it you said?  ‘One thing I know is that one of the only ways I can be happy is if
Colin shoved Aldus out the door.  “We will be gone all afternoon.”
be no one alive who knew it. The only possibility being John and that was only
Shit bugger fuck
desire to come to Heaven and you have been already been admitted.”
“You didn’t have to tell me you regretted not kissing me.  You didn’t have to open up your heart to let me in; it was locked up pretty tight, I think.  You could have let ‘alone’ protect you.”
And received everything in return.
“I had the same reaction at first.  But as I thought about it, I understood, because I believe it is the same for me.  Not with Greg, of course, but with you.  I know I am not easy to love and whilst I have an unparalleled mind, that does not mean I am suitable for an intimate relationship.  And you, well, you John, deserve the very best, and I am not that. Not unless all you need was someone to solve crimes or pick locks, which I am quite certain is not accurate, at least not in your case.  You deserve someone who can love you with all the loyalty and affection that you give.”
“What are you talking about?”  Sherlock stands just inside the door, a grocery bag hanging from his hand, looking as innocent as you please.  That’s right, mister, pretend you didn’t ignore me.
“Sherlock?  Be thou all right?” John asked, half-awake.
I groan under the onslaught; he is next to impossible to resist.
John pulled the vehicle to the side of the road, double parking and causing a flurry of horns to sound, but he didn’t turn the motor off. He sat, looking at a building directly to the left of him. And when he turned his head, his face appeared in the rearview mirror.
“I wouldn’t advise that John, the police are more than likely keeping an eye on her…”
Sherlock’s eyes followed John.  When he could no longer see him, he listened as the doctor went down the stairs, went down without the hesitation there had been on the way up.
John does not pause as he butters his toast, missing half the slice of bread because he cannot be bothered to look up from his laptop.
“I think, John, that at some point it became what you would call an endearment.”
, he typed it into his mobile, not sure what calling him would accomplish, but maybe Angus—
Never had Sherlock considered that blessings or good fortune, or even luck, applied to his life.  Not until now.  And how fortunate he be. To be able to love, and be loved by, a man such as John was beyond anything he had ever dreamed.  But as he watched John, the man he loved so well, there be no other way to explain how his life had changed since they had met.  It did not mean life be unblemished, not at all.  But when things did go wrong, Sherlock had someone with whom to share his troubles, someone upon who he could depend.   Someone who cared about him.  Not just whether he lived or died, but cared about his well-being, his happiness.  It had to have been fated that they had met and fallen in love; their union be far too extraordinary to think it could have been otherwise.
“How can you be so sure?”
“I could do without the skull; one dame in the house is enough.”  She jiggled him playfully, certain it shouldn’t be a point of contention.
Tears fell to her cheeks as she talked; the grief and sadness from those dark days had never entirely faded.
email John.  Until one day he knew he had been deceiving himself in thinking he could possibly not want to write to this man who was such an anomaly in his life.  A potential friend.
“Neither,” John says, as he walks to the table where I now see a large black box sitting on the table.
A wry smile lifted the side of John’s mouth.  “Thou has no idea.   One time he cut his finger and one would have thought his arm had been fallen off, so dramatic be he, whinging and moaning.  But he has proved to be a faithful squire, and I, for one, would not like to fight opposite him in battle; fierce and fearless, he be.  He charges in as if he were immortal, unconcerned for his own safety.  Tis the kind of man one wants at thy side when stakes be high.”
Please note that I have changed the rating from M to E, and have added a Dubious Consent tag.
“Yes, you were.  You are right; many times I
“Mr. Holmes, of course. My time is yours. When do you need me?” Nika gently set the porcelain clock on a stack of silk packaging paper and rose to her feet. In the mirrored wall, she caught sight of her rumpled hair, her pallid, unrouged face and debated taking the time to refresh herself, but as she listened to Mr. Holmes, she brushed the thought aside.
Sherlock’s chin lifts and he breathes in heavily through his nose.  In as many ways as he’s changed in the years we’ve been together, there are mannerisms that have never left him, and this one means he’s having a minor snit.  He’ll be over it in a moment.  I pat his knee and try to relax.  I have to die someday, and what better way than with the man who gave me back my life?  I just don’t want it to be
“I do not know,” Sherlock whispered.  “But he be here. I feel him.”
I remember the first time I called him an idiot; it was the first time we worked a case together.  Though I meant it relative to my own brilliance, he took it as an offence.  Thereafter, I occasionally said it because he knew I did not mean it in its truest sense.  He would laugh and I could not help but laugh with him; his laughter made me feel warm inside. But that was years ago.  What does it mean now when I say it?
stand watch tonight.  I will stay with Sir John and see to his needs.  In the morn we will make a plan.  Now off with you.”  He dismissed them and turned back to John, pulling the blanket up over him; he did not want him to get a chill from the rain-damp air.
“I don’t know why it should be any concern of yours,” Sherlock had bit out, glaring at John. “You’ll not be here, and it’s not as if Christmas holds any appeal to me. Insipid holiday, every one chirping ‘Merry Christmas,’ ‘Happy New Year.’ Pfft. Highest rates of domestic abuse and suicide.”
“I understand.  I will not press you; I see it be difficult enough.  But I hope you change your mind.”  Fetching a piece of parchment from his pocket, Colin said, “Sherlock asked me to give you this.”
So you were
be Colin’s mother?  Which makes you…” Sorting the information through his brain, Sherlock glanced at John, who still wore that silly grin.
“Morning, good Sire!”  “Need you Aberdeen fish for your journey?”  “Hardware to repair your cart?”  “Ahhh! I have fine rabbit fur, the best in all of England.  Come!  Take a look!”
Rolling away from my husband, I unbutton my night shirt, lift up his t-shirt, and snuggle up against him once again.  I still cannot feel enough of his flesh, despite also resting my cheek on his neck, my hand on his abdomen underneath his shirt, and my feet in between his, but this is minimally better, because I am touching more of him.
The beeps on the heart monitor grew further apart, slower, until there were none at all.  The doctors left John with the body that had ceased to breathe. That had ceased to be Sherlock.
Ekaterina entered the world in innocence, and she needed a father.  To love her, to cradle her in his arms.  As soon as possible.
what’s going on? Does this…this…”
I throw back at him. For god’s sake, these two men are emotionally constipated twats.
, too soon, that one brief kiss was worth waiting a lifetime for. When he stood, he touched a finger to his own lips; they were moist and feathered with the most delightful tingle.
“Give me the sword.”
A grunt escaped Sherlock despite himself, and he tugged again to pull John up the last step.
to being in his birthday suit, a cavalcade of memories had been pressing against John’s brain, daring him to confront them~
In his bed, Sherlock laid and thought.
As rushed and strung together as John’s words had been, Sherlock understood what he said, but he did not understand what he
Quickly forgetting what Sherlock was talking about, John’s fingers continued tapping on his laptop as he slowly churned out his latest blog entry, ‘The Wounded Knight’.
“No, you be not ready.  Besides, we will have to wait until we be on the ground before I show you.  I would not want to strike my horse, would I!”  Aldus’ hearty laugh echoed into the woods, sending a squirrel scuttling back into hiding after it had had the temerity to peek out of the underbrush.
“…and you never looked at Mum the way you looked at Uncle Sherlock.
He turned from the mirror to his daughter where she laid on the bed, her blanket kicked half off, sprawled in total relaxation in the way only a child could.
John took Sherlock’s hand, letting himself be drawn into strong arms. Letting himself be encircled by Sherlock’s warmth as he laid his head against his husband’s chest and was soothed by the rhythm of a steady heartbeat.
The resolve of a final decision prompted John to push himself out his seat.  He went over the desk and paused before placing the drive next to Sherlock’s open laptop, his fingers lingering on it for the briefest of moments.  Finally leaving it where it laid, he turned to the detective.
We walk into the hall and he introduces me to more people than I care to ever encounter again in my life.  ‘So good to see you again, Bob…How are you, Iwan?  How’s business?….Carol!  Haven’t you grown up to be quite the young lady!…  This is my friend, Sherlock Holmes’.  (Friend?  Friend?!  I have been demoted!  Let us see how you would like to be introduced as ‘John, my housekeeper’.  I think you would not take too kindly to it.)  And with each greeting he places a hand on their arm, giving them a warm smile I thought he reserved only for me.  Take those smiles back, John, they belong to me!
In one swift motion, Sherlock whirled, grabbing the gun from Andi’s hand. Wrapping an arm around her and dragging her to him.
Sherlock read the text and read it again. He waited. Surely, there would be more.
“That was amazing!
My next words rush out, the quicker to be over with what I have to say.  “Well, I missed you so I went into your drawer and retrieved it; I needed something of you near me…”
"They might as well have hanged signs outside their windows saying 'No one's home, please come in.  Please, please Mr. Burglar steal our presents," Sherlock mocked, having little pity for the children that would now be waking up the next morning with nothing under the tree for them but dried pine needles. "When will people learn that there are those that believe in the spirit of
Despite the disparity of height between the horse and his own diminutive stature, Sir John’s sense of urgency necessitated he act with haste.  Refusing to wait for one of his squires to assist his dismount, he swung a leg over his horse and leapt down, his feet dropping to the ground with a thud.
Driven to keep moving, he had returned to the scene of the accident. He hadn’t wanted to go, the patch of pavement now his mortal enemy, but he had needed to find the cause if not the reason.
‘Love’.  Is thatwhat you call
John.”
live in, with unsavory and powerful people, is not entirely unlike the world
“You have my deepest sympathy,” Sherlock said drily. “What did he want?”
That was the truth he felt ill-equipped to share.
I turn my attention to my laptop, pretending to find something of interest.  His thumb still ignites a fire in my palm, but without the added incendiary of his eyes, I am able to give attention to our conversation.
Now it was John’s turn to be confounded.
Sherlock watched John watching him and he couldn’t help it. Reaching out to the hair that was still damp and mussed from a shower, he lightly touched the scar at John’s hairline. His eyes followed his fingers as they traced down to John’s jaw, feeling the raised ridge where a boot heel had met John’s face, saw the faint outline of a smaller scar where the heel had met his cheek. Sherlock closed his eyes and drew a deep breath, unable to bear the thought of what John must have gone through.
Bringing his palms to show he had nothing to hide, Sherlock put on his best ‘Don’t look at me’ face.
Pulling away, her body tall and lithe, her face nearly reaches mine as she asks, “Will I be calling you ‘Dad’ now, too?”  The impish grin on her face says she might even find the prospect fun.
“Well ain’t you that young fella was here with your friends a bit back? I’m happy to see ya look a lot less peaked than when you left. Another drink?” Picking up a dirty cloth, the keeper wiped a mug and filled it with ale.
Feeling a hand on his arm, he looked down. Andi.
She decided to err on the side of caution.
man?  He lifts his shirt all the way up and removes it, throwing it off the side of our bed.  I nearly faint, so heady is the expanse of John-skin before me.
face; he has been caught in the act and is amazed at how accurately I have deduced his motives.  Why he is amazed, I most assuredly do not know, after all, he knows my methods.
Party Boy.  Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Party Boy.  It has a nice ring to it.  I wonder if instead of wearing the deerstalker I should acquire one of those glitter hats I see a walking around.  On our way back to our room, I spy another outdoor bar; three times I have repeat my request for a drink.  My loving husband tells me it is because I keep saying ‘they carry’, instead of ‘daiquiri’, so he orders for me.  I love him so much.
Mary swore as her eyes locked briefly with Mycroft’s.  It didn’t occur to her she would see anyone she knew at the restaurant; she didn’t run in society circles.  As coolly as she could, her eyes continued moving past Mycroft as if his was just another face in the crowd. Squeezing the hand she still held, she whispered across the table, “I’m so sorry, love, I’m not feeling well.  Do you mind if we go?”  For added effect she smoothed her maternity blouse across her stomach and grimaced as if a sudden pain hit her.
In the dark cab on our way back to Baker Street, I make one last entreaty of my client. For his own sake.
Lined along the side of the road, in various states of decomposition, were near a dozen bodies hanging from the trees. As many times as he had seen corpses in his life, it brought shivers to Sir John's warm skin to see these. It took little for a man to find himself on the wrong side of a rope: attempted murder, theft of church alms...defamation of a man's wife.
Feeling the inexpensive paper against his fingertips, he debated opening the envelope and once again reading the brief letter, something he had not done in many months.  But there really was no need; he knew by heart every letter, every punctuation mark within as if they were seared onto the very surface of his brain, never to be erased.  Letters and words that, despite their unequivocal message, he at first hadn’t believed, wouldn’t believe.  But as the second hands on the clock ticked slowly through time that at some point ceased to have meaning, Sherlock knew that what John said had been true; never again would he see the man who had become the beat of his heart.
All the while, he is whistling.  The nerve.
“Actually, you already had one last night.”
The look he gives me is inquisitive.
“Sir John.  I asked you what you think.  How can you tell me if you do not look at me?”
Simon? What happened?”
Laila laughed with him. “Yes, a strong-willed one he is, but I cannot be angry with him, he is like my own blood. You will come back with him tomorrow, won’t you?”
“Let.  Go.  I command you!”  The Naked One bellowed, this time his shout stirring a flock of blackbirds from the treetops, their flight dark against the already gloomy sky.
I squeeze my eyes tighter against the assault.  Too real are John’s voice, the feel of his lips and hand on me.  I will lie here for a few moments more, be with John while I can.  John…
The vehicle sped the last stretch to Whitehall, its brakes screeching to a stop at Mycroft’s command. Yards away, a small group of people clustered, and Mycroft left the car, hurrying toward the group with a haste that Nika would not have thought him capable. She, too, left the car and hurried toward the commotion, hoping fervently that Mycroft’s brother wasn’t at the center of it. If anything were to happen to Sherlock in this debacle around Simon, Nika had no doubt who Mycroft would hold accountable. And it wouldn't be Simon.
I am not tired, but I pull his shirt down and his bottoms back up to cover him, and bring the blanket from the bottom of the bed and pull it over us both.
“We will speak of it later; the matter has not been decided.”  John pressed his lips together; twas the end of the discussion.  For now.
“Oh, right.”
It should have told him something that ever since he met the detective his overriding concern was to protect him, both physically and emotionally.  It should have told him something that the happiest, most comfortable times in his life were with Sherlock by his side.  It should have been abundantly clear how much Sherlock meant to him when he was almost on the brink of death himself when Sherlock ‘died’.
The smile John threw Colin went unnoticed as the lad be intent on Sherlock.
“You bull-headed...nevermind.  You’re not
“Tell me what, Sherlock?”
Colin reached for her hand, and she set the shirt aside to hold his hand between hers.  His hands were so very much like hers, rough from work, graced with long, slender fingers.  Strong hands that laboured to bring food to their table, put a roof over their head.  But he did not have knobby joints, swollen and painful from age as did she.  Oh, to be young again.
She cringed at her reference to Sherlock and tossed the mobile into her bag.  Taking one last look at her image in the mirror, she couldn’t help but think she didn’t look half bad for a woman almost nine months pregnant.
I am about to correct her when Sherlock gives the slightest shake of his head.  “Sherlock, please,” he murmurs to her, but he’s still looking at me, his blue-green eyes boring into me.
Struggling to breathe, every sense on alert, with difficulty Sherlock managed to say in a voice he felt fairly certain was his own, “Where’s Ekaterina?”  Best to stick with a safe question.
“What is it?”
“Kiss me.  Now.”  John said.
His voice gentle, his hand on my chest now caressing me, he says, “Oh, sweetheart, you don’t get it do you?  But how could you?  This is all so new to you.  So let me tell you.  It’s
“Thou did what thou thought to be right, yet it would have hurt me far more to have watched
Everyone, but the person to whom it mattered most, knew about Laila.  The room closed in on Sherlock like he be a small animal cornered by a pack of dogs.  And he fought back.
“What about yours?  Do you still have anything on it?”
“Cedric!”
John’s brow creases.  “Yes.  And
“I hate to point out the obvious, Sherlock, but it's been almost 3 years; what do you think you can possibly find?”
Instead of answering, Sherlock asks me another question; this time the worry’s sharper.
“You will be fine alone?” Colin asked Aldus as he ran after Sherlock.
Cedric’s petulance should not have surprised John, not after the things Cedric had said to him, but he did not know why he behaved so.  Yes, they were all disturbed by the sudden death, but Cedric had always showed an unswerving loyalty to him, even in the most difficult situations.
“Aahhh, yes…”  My eyes still closed, I relive the exhilaration, the ecstasy, of solving the most difficult case I have ever experienced.
“When did that get here?”  Sherlock asked, nodding at the tub.
“Kind sir, do
Sherlock is quiet, and for once I wish I could read his mind so I have fair warning of what he is thinking.  Surely it can’t be to my benefit.
Having anticipated the question, Sherlock went with the tried and true method: let her tell him herself.
“We can what, Sherlock?”  John faced Sherlock, staring him down.  “Get married?  Declare our love for all to see?  Have babies?  Tis not me who be stubborn.  You do not see the impracticalities of a life together.
be cooler for me.
Andi fixated on her own copy of the photograph, interpreting Dr. Juma’s “trust” as an implied threat. “Do you think it’s time we release the photo? It wouldn’t be necessary to divulge the actual reason we’re looking for him; we could use a benign explanation, say he’s a missing person. Which wouldn’t be a lie. Put it on social media, say it’s his mum or a partner looking for him.” The way she phrased it was so lame, but the idea was sound.
Hunching onto his knees, Simon creased the paper into a quarter of its original size.
“Yes, Sherlock, too.”  Lord he was tired.  Tomorrow would be a better day.  It had to be.
He could not remember coming to this room.  Hell, he could not remember drinking or anything else from the night before.  Be there anything else he could not remember?
“Have you ever had that moment, Sherlock, where you didn’t know what you wanted until it was right there in front of you?  That moment where you see something, somebody, and have an…epiphany?  ‘
.  His finger pointing at the sign, his jaw literally drops as he looks over at me and back at the sign again.
Andi glanced at the monitor she’d been watching when Mycroft texted.
“Love.  She sure has a funny way of showing it.  But I’m not jealous, Sherlock; that’s not what this is about.  It wouldn’t bother me for her to have lunch with a man, but the
“That’s the UK; it’s not going to do us any good here.”
now.  He is my betrothed.  My husband-to-be.
“Where the hell does he go?”  An angry vein throbbed on John’s forehead, his face a livid crimson.
“I also read that the first book was loosely based on real cases, but in the sequels you created the crimes from square one, which makes me think of a remark you made that your husband once called you a ‘great conductor of light’.  I take that to mean he is an idea person and you are the one who he bounces those ideas off of.  Not to mention there is a distinct stylistic difference between the first book and subsequent books.  Did you use ghostwriter for the sequels?   Your husband, maybe?  I’ve read some of the blog he abandoned…”
I shall take my leave.  Ah, ah, hands off.”  Sherlock tutted, skipping out of Cedric’s reach.
“I love you, too.”
“Uh, no.  Uh everything’s all right.  I imagined, I mean, I knew what I’ve seen of you is still in good shape, but Jesus…  I always figured your clothes must hide
Sherlock blinked. John had relaxed into the embrace, seeming entirely comfortable with the scenario, going so far as to wrap his own arm around Mayhew.
“If you did this, Mycroft, I will spend the rest of my days—"
The words pop out of my mouth unbidden, “Please, John, just one kiss?”  (Drat!)
I do not mind being an idiot if I am John's idiot.
“Photoshopped?” Sherlock asked.
smile was real.
“To whom did she say the room belonged?”
“Let’s find out once and for all if my wife is still an assassin.”
“We’ll move the chairs, bring my mattress in front of the fire and simply share the covers.  We don’t have to…” Sherlock grimaced faintly as if puckering on a lemon, “..snuggle.”
Not only would thou be vulnerable to arrest, but thou would also be vulnerable to Cedric.”  Folding his arms, Sherlock had flopped onto his back.  The matter be settled.
“What think you, Sherlock?” John asked.
“John…”
Crouching at the bottom drawer of the file cabinet, Sherlock fingered the folders’ tabs: Vernon, Michael G; Waghmare, Nishi H; Walton, Angela B; Watson, Dr. John H
He rolls away from me, taking my hand to put my arm around him.  But I stop him.
Beloved.  I like that one, it is new.  You are
I feel his skin on my fingers.  It is extra warm where the heating pad has been.  I do not move.  I cannot.  Just the feel of him beneath me sends me orbiting around the earth; I wonder if I will make it back to solid ground.
“I’m the one what?”
I deferred to his medical authority.
Sherlock, you masturbate.”
Message from Sherlock: John is writing today's entry.  Why?  Because I love him and he likes to write, that's why!  Is that not reason enough? Making John happy makes me happy.  Pail List, remember?  As I come to find out, it is a very fortuitous coincidence that today is the day he shares our story, for I find out he has kept another secret from me.  I forgive you, John.  I love you very, very much.  (Not YOU.  John!)
“Yes, stabbed with a knife or dagger he was.  But whose? What if it wasn’t Eduard’s?  Think, John.  Most knives are engraved with a family crest or its design is so specific twould be no doubt as to which family it belongs.  If we find the knife we may not know who killed Eduard, but we will have narrowed it down to a group of people.  One with a man named Gareth.”
No answer came from the other side of the door.
“Does thou think I have no reason to be affronted?”  Sherlock strode the short distance to the tub and peered into it.
Humph.  I detest when he uses logic against me; he has become far too skilled at it.  No, that is not correct.  He has
“John?” His best friend’s name caught in his throat. Why had they had such a petty argument? It wasn’t like them to be so churlish with each other, especially over…
Sherlock’s here. He’s waiting for you.” Simon studied John. Hmmm. It was clear John wasn’t up to the task of getting out of the car, let alone getting upstairs. Just as well. If he wasn’t fully awake, he’d be more malleable, and that certainly would be useful for a little while longer.
“Sherlock’s mobile?” John asked.
whatever you wish.  As to who he was with… it
“Sherlock?”
Moving through the softly lit room, John viewed piece after piece, busts and animals and full-bodied humans, absorbing their beauty.  He approached a particularly striking statue, standing six feet tall, that melded into the sturdy marble pedestal below it.  John appraised it with a keen eye; it had obviously been created by a true master, not unlike David by Michelangelo.  He admired the long, lean lines, the firm muscles of the nude that had they been flesh-colored, he would have not been at all surprised had they been alive.
Breathe, Sherlock.  Breathe  Breathe  Breathe… Breathe!!
“Turn around,” Sir John said to Sherlock as he moved toward him, a hard knot forming in his stomach as he realised why the man had walked out of the water so gingerly.  It had not been only because the water was cold or that he wore no shoes to shield his feet from the sharp rocks.  The man had been in pain.
“Hello, love,” he says, stretching to kiss me.  “Sorry about that, I didn’t mean to nod off on you.”
to go.
“Come on, hurry up!  I ain’t got all day.  If you don’t get a move on I’ll have to give you demerit points.  You.”  The guard indicated the man limping.  “Only a few more and you’ll be in solitary.  Wouldn’t like that would you?”
“So what shall we do today, John?” I tilt my head back and look at him upside down.  “We dock in Puerto Rico.”
Licking the hand that was on my chest, John wraps it around my shaft and without warning my glans is sucked into his mouth, his tongue swirling around me.  He squeezes my buttock, and
His epiphany was interrupted by, “Well!  What are you waiting for?
“Yes,” Mycroft interrupted, thinking it would not be useful for Sherlock to keep admitting to cold-blooded murder. “So you told me.  But why would he say he did it when he didn’t?  That makes no sense.  He has nothing to gain and I daresay a great deal to lose.  Why would he admit to committing an act that surely will see him incarcerated for a lengthy period of time?  Especially when he has a child on the way?”
Mayhew grunted an unintelligible response.
Finally staying put in one place, John dug his hands into his jacket pockets, pushing until they were stretched to their limits. And, his gaze on Sherlock intent, he said, “And when I saw your text, I thought, maybe…well, maybe you feel the same way.”
“Sherlock!  Compete in the joust?  I did not know you be trained.”  In his excitement, Aldus lifted himself to his elbows.  “Why I be surprised, I do not know.  As quickly as you took to the sword, it did seem as if you had some aptitude.  Now I know why.”  Aldus sagged back down onto the bed, weary from the exertion.
I heard right.
John sits back down on the bed, his smile tender.  “You’re not too old, honey.  You’re never too old to do, or be, anything you want; it’s only our bodies that get old, not our hearts or our dreams.  Now, here, try it on. I want to see how you look.”  He holds the blouse up to me, mentally dressing me.
“Dr. Rudnikov?”
“I hate to disagree with you, but he
Sherlock powered off the laptop and set it on the floor.
Stopping abruptly mid-stride, John nearly ran into him. Sherlock turned and, his fingers suddenly still on the half-wrapped scarf, looked soberly at John.  “I’m glad you’re all right.  Had anything happened to you…”
This was the first visible, and audible, admission of their attraction to each other.
“Budge up,” Sherlock said, one hand on the pillow, the other lightly touching John’s shoulder. And when John leaned forward, grousing that he was ready for a horizontal bed, Sherlock adjusted the pillow behind John’s shoulders and head until John nodded in confirmation that they’d hit the right spot.
I see I was gravely mistaken in my estimation of his devotion to me, but I will be brave.  I will show him how little it bothers me.
I take a deep breath; I need more air.
“Sit.  I will be right back.”
“What way?”
Finally turning the tap off after running enough water to fill the kettle at least ten times, I put the lid on and plug it in to boil.  While it heats, I hurry into the bedroom to get dressed, my mind racing through a dozen plans of action in case he doesn’t come home soon.
way?”  John picked up Sherlock’s hand where it still lay on his hip and moved it back to his groin.  Squeezing Sherlock’s hand, he made him cup it.
this host is known for being, well, a bit sharper than most, a bit more hard-nosed.  This isn’t going to be a fluff piece.”
you doing?!"
His head knew the detective was more than capable of taking care of himself, but still he couldn’t quell the anxiety settling deep in his belly.
As he heard Myrtle stirring, he stepped away from the bed before she could start talking to him; it was time to get to John’s chip. He had a desperate need to shower, but he would put a few hours in and then head upstairs for a shower and nap; he needed to be alert to do a proper job.
“Yes, I be Colin,” Sherlock lied.  Twas a detail that made no difference and he did not want to take time explaining who he be.  Either the blacksmith knew where John be, or he did not, and it appeared he did not.   Or perhaps he just not be saying.
“Okay.  Think about the moments after Moriarty shot himself.  What did you see?”
“This is no laughing matter, John!  Drinking tea can cause serious complications to your health!”  I am highly annoyed that he is not taking my concern seriously.
John laughed.
“Tis yours to choose?  He, like I, be a grown man.”
“John?”  I say, doing my best to calm him with a soothing voice.  “You can tell me.  Is it someone we know?”
But this time…this time, it was John who left.  Left with strict instructions not to be contacted.  As difficult as it was for him, Sherlock respected his wishes; John must have had a very good reason, even if Sherlock couldn’t fathom ever agreeing with it. The detective didn’t try to find him or ask Mycroft for help, save for the lone request of his brother whilst he was in hospital.
Taking in the tidy surroundings, he decided the best place to start was in the bedroom.  Mary would have few places to hide any links to her past, or her present extra-curricular activities for that matter, but he would not make the mistake of underestimating her ability to ferret away some important piece of information.  Intelligent and calculating, Mary surely could hide something of value even in as small a living space such as this flat.
any chance of true love in his life had passed him by.  He had been in enough relationships without finding someone truly compatible, without finding someone that made all thought of anyone else irrelevant, that he had given up on the thought of finding a lifelong partner.  And now, damaged by the war, he had thought that even if he found that one person, found the perfect mate, they would not want him.  Would not see past the scars, both visible and unseen, to discover the man beneath them.  How could they?
“Time for a dressing change.” Geoff smiled, his bulk clearing the way of John’s visitor. “Then it will be time for some rest, I think; he looks a bit tuckered. You can chat after that?”
“What be it, Sherlock?”
been talking about taking a trip, reviewing travel brochures for tropical locations.  He says it is to start working on his ‘bucket list’.  I do not recall a romantic getaway with a lover other than me being on that list, but then, I have not seen the complete list.
“Oh, my god, the look on that poor girl’s face; she’s going to be scarred for life.”
proper genius.”
“Turn on the TV. Your friend, the one you assured me died; he appears to be very much alive. ”
!  And just how would Mycroft know this?”
As Sherlock awoke, Mary relaxed the fingers that had been tightly locked onto the blanket covering her lap.  She had so far been successful in putting Sherlock off the scent of her revulsion toward him and she was not about to let herself be exposed now.
Clearing my mouth the best I can without the use of my hands, I try again.
But when Sherlock had touched him…
Mourners dotted the cemetery, placing holiday wreaths and poinsettias at headstones. Bowing heads and openly weeping. Draping a string of fairy lights on a marker. Talking in hushed conversations. Laughing.
“Be this true, Laila?  Be this William my father?”
Not until now.
“Yes, thou and me.  I know twas not at all an elegant proffer, but, I love thee, Sherlock.  And I want us to be together.  Always.”
. From what she surmised, only a handful of people knew of the chip’s existence: Dr. Watson, the Holmes brothers, Jax, and her—and the person who had implanted it; not that she had access to that information.
(See the end of the chapter for
symptoms.”
“You will what?”
With John finished examining me, I press my hand to the side of my face and moan again, trying to look as pitiful as I can.
“But you chose the command. Simon didn’t tell you what to say.”
“Yeah, okay. That’s good.” Awareness pressed on John that they had mere seconds left. “Don’t have time right now. You know.” John’s head dipped toward the bomb, a painful grimace carving into his face.
“Yes, I can see that.  But he isn’t going to the North Pole; we’re just taking him two miles back to Katie’s house.  And where did all the extra clothes come from?  I know Katie didn’t bring them.”
“Would it be contraindicated for him to stay under a while longer? There’s something suspicious in his images, and I want to take a look as soon as possible… How long? Good. I can be ready by then. Let me talk to Jax…Good talking to you, too, Suz…We will. Okay, bye.”
) didn’t always use it as a means to gain great wealth; they used for other, far more creative endeavors, for entertainment. And that made life interesting. Made it a challenge. But Sherlock was boring, just like the rest of them.
at some point fall asleep.  Not even you can stay awake forever.”
.  Be there for Katie.  This is about you and her, not you and me.”
She would make an excellent agent.
“How could thou think I do not want thee?”  Sherlock challenged, taking John’s hand to cup his own groin.  “Do not be so shocked; I know why thou goes on thy ‘walks.’ Thou be not the only one with needs.”
“Do you remember how crushed you were when he met that boy from Brazil?  You were so heartsick you wouldn’t eat for weeks.  We had to cancel your line of credit so we could get you home and see to it you ate.”
His eyes search mine to make sure I am truly okay with this.  I am, and I can see the moment he changes his mind.  “You’re really a pain in the arse.  You know that?  Do you always have to be right?”
I also have to give hugs to a few other friends who have been so incredibly supportive and whose ears I depend on.  Thank you, Devisama, Queenladyanne, and Thortonsheart!
He opens his eyes and I see their whites clearly in the dark, the pupils dark against them as he looks at me.
“Yes.  Yes, I would.  If it would not be too much trouble for you.”  I am very sincere in this statement; I have no desire to put John through, what could be to him, minor torture, but my curiosity is piqued.
“Tis none of your concern,” Sherlock snapped at Cedric, his hand outstretched to Aldus.  “Now give it to me.”
“Glad to see you, too,” John said to Sherlock, keeping his tone light, hoping Sherlock didn’t hear his pounding heart.
“He’s mine,” Sherlock said simply and without malice, lifting her arm off John’s shoulder as if it was an especially virulent form of bacteria.
“Sherlock.  Do you think you could
“I’m not gay.”
He heard The Slaughtered Lamb before he saw it.  People spilled out into the street, drinking their cares away after a long day’s work.  Sherlock pushed his way through the crowd, wrinkling his nose at the smells that assaulted it, shoving away unfamiliar hands that put themselves where they had no right to be.
“Oh, you and your mysteries, always in a fuss. And give John my love. Now, about those cookies…” Mrs. Hudson disappeared into her flat.
Would one day
“Anyway," John gives a quick shake of his head and brings himself back to the moment, "you were amazing!  I mean, you can deduce a crime faster than the rest of the population when you’re sober, but half-arsed…no, let’s make that
“Hmmm?”  John lied pressed against the warm body next to him, languid and content, as though it was the most natural thing in the world to be lying in bed with Sherlock Holmes.  And they hadn’t even had sex.  Yet.
I stare into his eyes.  I love you, Dr. Watson.  You are good and kind and wise and smarter than anyone I have ever known, except for me.  I cannot think of anything else but you.  There is nothing else I want to think about.
“Are you saying that my memories are still out there? And that this Simon has them?” It was as if John couldn’t decide which was more difficult to comprehend—that the memories still existed or that someone else was in possession of them.
His eyes widen in surprise.  “Our anniversary?  And what anniversary would that be?”
Maybe this was not such a good idea.  I will be free to think but there will be so many wonderful things I will miss.
Still hunched over the microscope, Jax said, “You said he’d been an Army doctor, right? Do you think the MOD had something to do with this? They have a pretty sordid history of experimenting on unsuspecting soldiers, and I—"
John glanced away; he’d seen a flicker of unease in Sherlock’s eyes that told him what Sherlock said was true.
“And don’t forget to look in on mum at least once a week, she’s getting older you know and could use the company.”  No matter how many times he went over it with his sister John knew that if she went on a binge she was likely to forget everything he told her.  It was the thing he hated most about leaving, having to entrust to his alcoholic sister almost everything of importance in his life.  His home, his mother.  His finances.  He would be lucky to see any one of them again once he came back from Afgahanistan.
“Come here, love.”
The smile on his lips reflects in his eyes.  As I look into them I feel as if I am drowning in an iridescent pool alight from within, and all I want to do is drown in them and never resurface.  By sheer willpower I tear my eyes from him.
“Why think thee this Gareth would want to kill thee?  Who do you think he is?  Does thou think thou has ever met him?”  John had debated with himself whether to tell Sherlock Cedric’s fantastic accusation, but no, he would keep that to himself.  What good could come from it?
“Why are you happy?”
“It is rather nice, isn’t it.  Holding someone you know well and care about.  Nothing better.”
Listening to the declaration that would take him from John forever, Sherlock’s gaze clung to John’s eyes.  Eyes filled with love.  And grief.
“No, Sherlock, I’m not going to kiss you.”  John keeps tapping at the keyboard.
“Texts?  What texts?”  He looks genuinely confused.
“So you remember being madly in love with him and he didn’t take any notice of you, well, not in that way, anyway…”
John loves me, completely…
“John wouldn’t be able to get your call; he, uh, doesn’t have a signal.” A fleeting grimace passed over Stamford’s face, replaced with a too-bright smile.
“As I said.”
John snatched his mobile from his pocket and called emergency services.  Taking off his jacket, he tore his shirt off as quickly as he could, bunching it up and pressing it firmly to the wound in Sherlock’s chest.  He had to staunch the blood flow, had to stop the life from pouring out of the slender body lying on the floor.
“Twas but the one person you saw?”  Sherlock asked, passing Cedric on his way to John.  He perched on the narrow space between John and the edge of the bed.
“Tis kind of you to offer, but I am not hungry,” John said, a rumbling belly belying his words. “Ale would be fine, just fine.”
“I made thou think thou I do not care for thee.”
“I won’t hurt you, Sherlock, it’s the last thing I want to do; I love you. So now that you know what’s coming, you can prepare yourself and maybe find out just why I like it so much.”
He looked lovingly at the face he had for so long believed in. Pushing his fingers into the dark curls, he whispered once more.  “It will always be you.”
Here he was, in the corner of a stable, the smell of the horses and their dung clogging his nostrils and with a dirty wench who he twould not have given a second look at were he not desperate to ease this
Good Lord how he wanted Sherlock.
Normally I would not entertain such a ridiculous proposition.  It was highly unusual and the added inconvenience of being away from my own flat, and my beloved London, for such a period of time did not appeal to me. If it were not for the fact the ghost was purportedly the spirit of Zacharias Janssen, the inventor of the microscope, I would not have given it a second thought.  I felt a great need to share with Mr. Janssen his miscalculations. Yes, he created a fine instrument, but with a few minor adjustments at its inception, several major plagues could have been avoided.
I cannot help but wonder if I am not his best friend.
“Hmph.  Thou commands me as if it were a hardship.”
“You can be a total idiot, you know,” he says in a hushed tone.  “I left you a note on the kitchen counter.  Did you not see it?  We ran out of sausage and I knew you would need a good breakfast this morning.”
“I don’t know.  If she is hiding the fact she has the flat, then I presume if there is anything to connect her to Moriarty’s death, or any other illegal activities she may be involved in, we will find it there.”
“Laila, please do not go.”  John moved toward her.  “Sherlock does not mean-”
Knew that John was dead.
I look at Katie, her face blessed with the smooth, dewy skin of youth; I feel my age as I sit beside her.  But I marvel that no matter how old the outside of me looks, inside I feel as young as ever.  I remember when I was young, thinking that when I got older being in love would somehow lose its intensity, that it would be comfortable and staid.  Now I know that isn’t true at all, love is love at any age. It’s thrilling and effervescent and the most exciting thing on Earth; it’s only the exterior of me that’s lost its shine.
feel them, they remind me of the plump worms I find in my garden.  I shrug.  If worms make John happy, then who am I to try to dissuade him of his romantic notions?
I cannot help but blurt out the question that has been weighing on my mind ever since Katie told me ‘Nan’ died.
Giving Sherlock a wan smile that he hoped be convincing, John said, “Nothing.  Tis nothing, love.”
“I love you, Sherlock.  You are my love, my life,” he whispers against my mouth just before he kisses me again.
ways he loves me.  I would be a fool to ever again doubt the depth of John’s love for me.
“Yes, yes. So sorry. A neighbor knocked at my door.” She rubbed her forehead, deciding what she would tell him. What
Getting as far as he could for the night, Simon clicked the app closed. He couldn’t say he was entirely unhappy that MODD 792 had been removed from its original host, Dr. Watson; having it back in his possession would give him the opportunity to see if, in reusing it, the new host would absorb the previous host’s memories. He hadn’t yet given thought to what benefit that could have, but what a delicious prospect; he was sure he could find a chaotic purpose.
a bit drafty out here…” I say.
people lose some acuity as they age, honey.  As superior as your brain is there’s no reason to think it won’t do so as well.”
“It’s been over 20 years, but yeh, sometimes.  Sometimes Katie gets this impish grin on her face and it’s just like I’m looking at Mary.  Or I’ll hear a song from our wedding and it makes me sad.  Things like that.  I guess…I guess it’s not so much that I miss her, she’s been gone so long, but I think about her.  I think ‘what if’.  What if she had lived?  How different would my life have been?  How different would my life be now?”
John blinked. Just once as he stared into the lens.
“Let me finish.  We would say we be brothers and would be housed together, work together.  With our skills, we would be valued.  And when we have secured enough money we would find a cottage somewhere and would not have to worry-”
My pelvis rocks in tempo with John as his mouth pulls on me, his lips venturing further and further down my shaft, his hand gripping me, stroking me as if he will never let go.
“I said, let me know when thou be done feeling sorry for thyself.”  John poured water into a tub, looking wholly unperturbed.
With my face to the sofa back, I do not see John come out of the room.  I refuse to watch him leave.  He brings out two suitcases (I hear their metal feet hit the floor) and several heavy boxes, judging by his grunts as he sets them down.  The door to his room shuts.  The door to my short-lived love life.
“Yes, John?  Something the matter?”  I stand still, my back ramrod straight as I attempt to appear dignified.  It is not working.
“She’s in Royal London Hospital.”
Having made our way to London the previous day, we are standing outside the church where Maeve’s reception is to soon commence.
John’s head snapped toward Lestrade at the sound of his name.
Sherlock called after him and, telling Aldus he needed a break, he trotted to where John stood, waiting for him.
Around the time Katie graduated Uni and moved in with friends, I moved out of 221b. It was purely by accident I did so.
Sherlock came to a halt and turned, looking at John. "This isn't going to work; I don’t want you to come with me," he bluntly told the smaller man.
“What happened? Why twas Eduard alone?” While he spoke, John bared Eduard’s chest to reveal a gash from which blood had stopped flowing.
“’Thingies’” He props up an inquisitive eyebrow up at my imprecise word.  “I think maybe one ‘thingy’ is enough for you.”
, confirmed for her the seriousness of what they had recovered from the patient’s brain.
“Were you with him when he blacked out or was he alone?  Do you know how long he’s been unconscious?”
“I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing,” Sherlock growled, “but I want no part of it. Go back to wherever you came from.”
“Just a minute, let me call Mary; I want to make sure she got to Brighton all right.”
I hold her slight frame in my arms.  ‘Daddy’?  I have not heard her call John ‘Daddy’ since she was eight years old, declaring herself too grown up to use such a baby name.
Pat. Pat. Pat.
Sherlock took the sword from the doubtful hand holding it out to him and, stepping to the side, without caution swung its blade wildly through the air.  He knew well his method be improper, apt to accidentally harm anyone who came close, not to mention himself, but twas part of his plan.
“Do we have to sit so close together?” he hisses, breaking, in record speed, his avowal to follow my lead.
That I am ‘everything good’ is debatable, but I do not feel like arguing.  I do not think I would be able to if I wanted.
“Shut up.”
Sherlock squinted, the world around him fuzzy. And swaying in a most disagreeable way. He leaned out the open vehicle door about to be sick, and a small but determined arm reached across the back of his shoulders, managing to stretch most of the way.
“No. I, uh, I didn’t go.”
“Sherlock, honey?”
“Everyday you choose to keep me as a friend when there is no one else you can be bothered with, you tell me you love me.”
Sherlock drew in a deep, shuddering breath.  Looking into eyes shining with happiness, without thinking, Sherlock stretched out his arms.  He needed to hold John.  Desperately.  But at the almost imperceptible shake of John’s head, he dropped them to his sides.
Mycroft lifted a brow. “Why would I lie? Sherlock would tell you soon enough; it’s one of his most unfortunate flaws, his mystifying need to share every minuscule detail with you.”
Sherlock’s thumbs suspended mid-air. Unusual behavior. How would he know if John had exhibited unusual behavior? The only person he knew was the “chipped” John, the John he now could not believe was anyone other than who he had always been.
The man standing beside Sherlock slipped the noose over Sherlock’s head and tightened it around his neck.  And tugging on the rope one last time to ensure it be well-secured to the beam above, he gave the signal that everything be ready.
The bespoke suit John wore, tailored on Seville Row at Sherlock’s insistence, somehow made John’s eyes bluer, his face brighter. The impeccable pocket square adding just the right amount of flare. Yet somehow, Sherlock couldn’t say he liked this John; he preferred John in his everyday clothes, having come to see them as the essence of John Watson–sturdy, sensible.
Sir Norman quirked an amused eyebrow.  “Be they lies?  I have it on the best of authority they be not.  I was merely doing a favour for a friend, passing on vital information to those who would want to know.  Sodomy be against the law, you know.  You be fortunate twas not you who I turned in.  I be sure you can agree you owe me a favour for that.”
“Now. May I proceed?” Sherlock shoves his still-gloved hands into the depths of his coat pockets and faces Dr. Watson.
The hackles of Sherlock’s instincts rose.
Perhaps he does not love me as much as I think he does, to be so happy whilst I am in such “pain.”
“He, who?” I ask, my hand freezing mid-squeeze on his knee as my eyes sweep the room now empty of everyone but servers.
.”  He glares at me.  “What I look like is not the point.  What I’m saying is that no
when Sir John be harmed?  Why did you not protect him?”  Sherlock’s eyes blazed with anger.  “Until Sir John awakes and declares otherwise,
the small matter of his fugitive status.”
John picked himself up off his dead hand, taking a few moments to shake it awake, then repositioned himself, straddling Sherlock’s thighs.  He rested his hands on Sherlock’s ample arse cheeks, massaging them, alternately pressing his thumbs into his coccyx.  Sherlock hummed lightly in approval, his eyes now closed as he relaxed into the attention.
And now here she was, at Mycroft’s request, ‘nursing’ the haughty sod after he had been responsible for her John being sent to prison.  Sherlock may not have fired the gun, but had he not taken John on his little mission, John would not have shot Magnussen.  John would not have been taken from her.
There it be again. Compassion. Anxious to escape the unusual feelings welling up inside and the way the room closed in on him as he became aware it was just the two of them, alone, Sherlock stood and put on his cloak. “Tis nothing I have not suffered before,” he said, practically dashing to the door in his haste to leave his confusion behind him.
Unable to breath, John tilted his head back.   The honourable man in him felt the need to make sure one more time, “Be thee all right?  May I go on?”
? And then if I accomplish that I will live to enjoy my triumph?  Do not be absurd.  The sword.  You be wasting time.”
It seemed Sherlock could sleep anywhere his body stopped moving except in his own bed.  At 221b he could be found sleeping at the kitchen table or his desk.  Astoundingly, one time John even found him taking a catnap on the toilet, his head looking painfully uncomfortable as it rested on the nearby sink.  But that was after having been on a case for three straight days without sleep, so John hadn’t had the heart to wake him.  Fortunately, for John’s sanity, Sherlock had not yet been known to fall asleep in the tub (drowning would come under the ‘bit not good’ category) and could most often be found recharging himself on the sofa.
Sherlock stared at the room divider for a moment. Spinning around, he headed for the chair, flopping into it.
But then I see him.  My beautiful husband walks toward me grinning from ear to ear.  I hurry toward him, the distance between us quickly consumed by my long strides.  When I reach him, I put my hands on his shoulders, searching his face for anything he might be hiding.  “Is Katie alright, John?  How is the baby?”
This year, John hoped no one remembered last year’s fiasco, but he wasn’t counting on it.  He would get to the ball just before midnight, hoping Tracy would have had one too many glasses of champagne, making his subversive interrogation of her quick and painless.
Thank you to the talented Burning_Up_A_Sun for once again combing through my chapter (they're getting increasingly longer; so sorry about that!) with her keen eye and valuable insights.  Love you, Sweetie!
Mycroft's stride into Nika’s house oozed ownership, notwithstanding the fact that the true owner, the person who had been generous enough to offer the use of her home at a moment’s notice, scurried through the door behind him, narrowly avoiding the door slamming in her face. It was at that moment that Andi lost her desire to follow in his inestimable career path.
.’, not wanting me to explain to the police officers how there came to be a dead pirate propped up against the trunk of a palm tree along the boulevard, fearing I would sound as if I were admitting to committing the crime.
“Russian?  Why would Moriarty interest the Russians?”
The fire that rained on Sherlock’s skin disappeared as he watched John’s face.  This must be what that book talked about.  Despite the chaos of the last few days, despite knowledge of the immense hurdles to come, Sherlock’s body relaxed.  And even if he couldn’t say he was in that moment happy, he could assuredly say he found a measure of contentment.
The clouds from the day before had not fulfilled their promise of rain; a strong wind had blown them away, leaving a sky full of bright yellow light.
“Stubborn fool,” Sherlock spat, leaning away.  “I only do it so we be free of Cedric.  When he be imprisoned, like the animal he be, we can-”
You obviously saw someone; you talked to them.”
“Who is Tom? Is that your handler? Your partner?”
Slightly out of breath and teeth tightly clenched, John’s hatred for the man sitting beyond Sherlock on the roof’s edge seeped out of every pore of him.  His eyes fixed on Moriarty, he single-mindedly reached into the back band of his jeans and pulled out the pistol, lifting it into position.
“I say, twas a sheep, not an ass, for which Sedgewick traded his wife.”
Such determination. After brief consideration, Sir John amended his thought. No, such foolishness.
I must be convincing (unsurprising, I know), for he takes my hand and, with great care so as to not disturb my ‘sleep’, moves it to my hip.  Then, as fast as a 63 year-old man with a bad shoulder and aging knees is able, he shuffles to the loo.
thought you were.  Those things never factored into why I spent a quarter of my life on Skype,” he said wryly.  “Except for health, they were things you
is a priority in my life).  He said he would visit and I would probably get tired of him and send him packing before his stay was over.  Hmphh.  Not likely.
In the dim light, Sherlock watched John’s face contort with rage.  With fear. With confusion.  And in the next moment, it all dropped away, replaced by a weariness that seemed to suck the life out of John’s body, leaving a well of emptiness.
“He told me nothing.” Sherlock paced the room, his hands behind him clasped so tightly together that his fingers looked about to snap. “My brother said I needed to meet him at hospital; that John was out of surgery. You’re Rudnikov? A neurosurgeon? Why did John—”
I do not stay back.  Perhaps he has forgotten to whom he is married; when the danger has passed I shall have to remind him.  Preferably with many, many kisses.  Everywhere.
My uncharacteristically sluggish brain begins functioning properly; I know why he wants to ‘use the loo’.  “Stay here.  I am afraid I will not be of much help, but I would like you to stay.”  I fear it may be days before I again have the ability to move.
?  There’s not one single thing you wish you’d done but didn’t?”
Colin’s eyes flew open.
know,” Sherlock said with a haughtiness that was laughable under the circumstances, “I infiltrated the club in pursuit of drug smuggler that has, shall we say, particular tastes.  Dimmock and his men were here and instead of letting me go, they left me here.  Like this.”  Sherlock raised his chin, displaying his best ‘miffed’ look despite his inability to adequately roll his eyes.
is the best present I have ever had.
Christ! I thought.  Janice with two dads - one she calls Daddy and the other she calls Papa.  I corrected Katie, “No, he’s not your papa.  I was just checking to see how his breathing is; he’s not feeling well.”
“The feeling is quite mutual, sweetheart.”
“John.”
Only the besotted paid such close attention, took such time and care.
said, ‘I’m attracted to it, or don’t you remember pointing out that humiliating tidbit’.  So-o-o, if you want to go with, you need a good cover.  If I may point out,
not yet, I talk to him, my voice low and quiet as I tell him stories of our life together.  Stories from our days at Baker St, the day we married, stories from other, seemingly ordinary moments which have woven our lives together.  Have made us
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. She won’t go to sleep on command.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t be so sure Detective Inspector.”  Sherlock replied as he knelt on the floor and looked under the bed.  Nothing but dust bunnies (whoever thought dust balls looked like a rabbit was an idiot) and one shoe.  Men’s.  He pulled the shoe out and getting up, dusted himself off.  Examining the shoe and appearing to find nothing distinctive about it, he dropped it back to the floor where it bounced lightly on the heavily padded carpet.
I rush to the veranda door; our burglar has not yet made his getaway.  Time yet to apprehend him.  “Bring your gun, John!’”
kiss, would still have to wait.
Sherlock nodded his head and said sagely, “Aaahh, well, that clears things up.”
is more important than John.
John looked at Sherlock thoughtfully, as if trying to place him. Not as if he didn’t know who Sherlock was, but that he had seen him before and couldn’t quite figure out from where.
In the cab on the way to the restaurant, Leonid’s anticipation grew; he felt more and more certain Mary desired to reunite.  Her new life must not have suited her, after all, since a young girl the only life she ever knew was one of intrigue.  To walk amongst the ‘ordinary’ could not have been an easy thing.
One person in the group, a boyish-looking man in his mid-thirties, his arm dangling around a petite woman who was starting to hobble slightly after a day of walking in ill-advised high heels, kept eyeing the tall, dark haired man.  Every time he looked back it felt as though the intense blue eyes had just shifted away from his direction, but he couldn’t quite be sure; he couldn’t get a decent glimpse of his face since every time he thought he was going to finally get a good view, that damn camera went up, obscuring his face just enough to make identification difficult.
needs more
Nothing.
sorry.  I shouldn’t have said that to you…and I promise never to do it again.”  I don’t add to my apology, knowing there is nothing I can say that will take back the terrible thing I just did.
going to believe this.”
Groaning, John squeezed his eyes shut. Not only could he not rid the image of the man’s face from his mind, there be that voice as thick and rich as cream, taunting him.
Reaching into his pocket, he took out his mobile. “I’ll just turn this off.” He didn’t mean to take his eyes off of Sherlock, but habit took over; he glanced at the screen as he moved to shut down the device. The text was from Andi.
Dr. Watson's wife.   Mycroft saw her immediate spark of recognition as Mary’s gaze settled on him for the briefest of moments.
Sherlock lifted his brows and shrugged, seeming to have nothing more to say.  But in a tone so quiet Sir John almost didn’t hear him, Sherlock said, “It’s a pity about the boy.”
“John.”
“John…”
Sherlock tapped lightly on John’s door and hearing no response, turned the knob and walked into the bedroom.  Moving to the bed, he hesitantly reached out to wake John, his arm stopping halfway.  John looked younger than he did when in prison; gone were the extra years those few days in lock-up put on his face.
He’d have to put that in his experiment rotation.
I drop my bag without a thought to where it lands, not knowing if anything exists outside the two of us, and taking three long strides I stand but a breath away from him.
“Uh oh.  What did you blow up now?”
John smiles sweetly at me and my heart goes flippity flip, flippity flip.  “Because I really,
“How will you see to Sherlock’s release?”
“Are you surprised that, since now the couple has come out, you haven’t lost some of your core readership?  This is an unusual path to take for such a well-established series.”
“Why would I have to put it up there for you to show me what it is?” Sherlock said as he put the mistletoe in front of John’s face.  How could it not be more obvious that it would be much easier for John to see it at eyelevel than up above his head?
Sherlock seated himself behind the vehicle wheel and closed the door, shutting off the overhead light.
What can I say, this story is a challenge to write.  Thank you for following along and making the effort worthwhile!
“No, Sir, no.  I would never blame you.  If anyone be to blame, tis me.  I knew he did not like Sherlock.  But never would I have thought-”
Why will he not tell me?
“John, opposable thumbs?”
Walking into the Sculpture Gallery, John was overwhelmed by the plethora of sculptures.  Most museums he had ever visited spaced their pieces well away  each other in order to give each piece the opportunity to be viewed and experienced individually, as if they each had lives of their own.  But not at Liverpool’s Walker Gallery.
Carefully transferring the saw to a tote he had found, he said, “One more thing…”
So while John is gone for months and months (how does it take so long to get to Cardiff and back?! ) I propagate a new strain of rose (I will call it the JHW after you-know-who), set up the parameters for my study on tea toxicity, and count the dust mites multiplying under the sofa.  Twice.  (1487, by the way)
“Ok?”  I look at him to see if, as he likes to say, he is ‘taking a piss’.  After his initial reaction I did not think it would be quite so easy to convince him.
“Yeah?”
Barely able to contain his excitement, he pulled the newspaper open, scanning page by page for the story. His story. Not one he’d written—he wasn’t a journalist, if that’s what one called the tabloid reporters who mixed barely-there facts with their own whimsy—but he had caused the story.
"Cedric, Aldus," Sir John called out, adding under his breath "obstinate bastard" as he dismounted.
I cock an eyebrow.  Really, John?  I only delete the unimportant things, and nothing about you is unimportant.  Nothing ever has been.
Grabbing the backpack from underneath John’s bed, she had set it next to him. “Take this with you. I called an Uber; they’ll be here in a few minutes.”
I go to the tournament, he will come to us.”
When John lived at Baker Street, Sherlock rarely saw him sleep.  John occasionally fell asleep in his chair or at the desk, but never had Sherlock seen him so comfortably ensconced.  Looking at his friend, the detective felt he missed something important by never seeing him rest like this.  Awake, John almost always looked as if he were in motion; there was something tightly wound about him.
“It’s obvious. His knowledge of homemade puppets and Chip, an esoteric TV character, indicate he came from a poor home where there wasn’t the money for store‑bought toys, and television was used as a babysitter, likely while both parents worked long hours. The armed service is often the only vocational option for those without the means for advanced education. And he was injured, likely in battle, or else the military wouldn’t have taken him; I could tell from his footsteps up to the flat that he has a limp that he tries to hide, quite unsuccessfully.”
