“I’m more observant than you think, Natalia.”
Rubbing the back of his neck, Peter held Bruce’s eyes with disbelief. “I just wanted to do something that mattered. Something that would help people, without a suit. This is to help Wanda.”
What was she getting at? The nerves, the lyrics. Wanda didn’t do anything without purpose.
The corner of her mouth twitched before she consented, downing the small bottle of juice before studying her fingers. “I am not angry that they built these bots.”
“Let her come.” Bucky swung his feet, chin resting on the railing now as the breeze blew his hair out of his face. “I don’t mind the company.”
Sam cleared his throat and gestured to Tony. “Stark, I know you brought a camera, why don’t we get some pictures?”
“JARVIS, time?”
Peter was wide-eyed as he looked through the glass of the observation room, studying the bots that he had been assisting Bruce with as they sparred with Bucky. Bruce’s eyes were fixed on the patterns, noting the timing, the degree of indentation when they were met with a vibranium fist (they weren’t supposed to be indestructible anyway), and other necessary maintenance or upkeep aspects that needed to be factored into their cycle planning.
“Natasha? What’s wrong?” The tired voice on the other end of the line sounded half asleep, but she didn’t know what else to do.
Bucky nodded, shifting to study her. She wasn’t meeting his gaze, eyes wide as she studied the cityscape with interest. “Have you ever come out here?”
Bruce couldn’t bite back the laugh as he picked up the cup, sniffing it to confirm the contents-- a London Fog. “You didn't mix up our cups and it isn’t even 7am. Color me impressed.”
“You aren’t as funny as you think you are.”
, Tony thought in mock-annoyance. He was glad someone bothered to listen to him, even if the someone happened to have been a source of embarrassment for him only twenty minutes ago. He let Bucky go without further comment, sparing a glance to make sure he had bothered to put on a helmet before addressing the rest of the assembled bodies.
Pulling his feet over the edge, he slid closer, pulling her hands from the railing to take them in his. “Who sings that?”
“If you had come to me first,” Sam said quietly, “you might know that I told her some stipulations to this. Everyone will be in the observation deck, JARVIS will be ready with barriers that were designed to deter even the Hulk, and no one will get involved unless one of them says a safe word of their choosing. This won’t be a typical spar. This is as much a therapy session as it is a training session. With that in mind, Clint, you need to trust me to run this. There will be every safeguard we can possibly have in place. Not only that, I trust Barnes with my life, man. Let Wanda trust him with hers, if that’s what you assume.”
This chapter is a bit shorter than my usual (I aim for 5000-7000 on average), but I hope you can all forgive that since I updated on schedule! :) Infinite thanks to h34rt1lly for dealing with how neurotic writing this chapter made me feel. Chapter title taken from a lyric in the song "Your Way With Words Is Through Silence" by A Day to Remember.
“Just watch,” Natasha spat, shushing them. Her posture had stiffened, eyes sharply fixed to Barnes.
“What does my lack of sleeves have to do with whether or not I give a damn, exactly?” Clint called from the other side of the door.
Pietro passed Natasha in the hall, pausing to study her face before she jerked a thumb over her shoulder toward Clint. “Go talk to him.”
Sam stood to match Clint’s height, holding his hands up palms-out in a show of truce. “You asked, so let me explain this. I didn’t just walk into Wanda’s room and suggest that she go blasting Barnes off the roof of the tower to vent her frustrations. I talked to her first, and though I can’t disclose everything we talked about, I can tell you that she explained to me how she felt. Hell, I’ll even let you in on the fact that she feels like the entire team has been tiptoeing around her like she’s a fragile child. She may be damaged, but which one of us isn’t? She’s still capable of making her own decisions. I’d go as far as to say that I think if you and Pietro had proposed the bots to her, followed by speaking to Bruce and Peter herself, the whole thing could have been avoided.”
Tony and Steve need to learn to communicate.
“No. I stayed in, on Tony’s birthday-- I was not ready to face the height. But now, it seems too beautiful to be afraid of.”
Elijah sighed, disappointed by the flippant attitudes Bucky and Peter displayed towards fashion. “Is there anyone that actually wants my help?”
“Is that a stripper cake?” Bucky asked in delight, roaring with laughter as he doubled over.
Wanda’s reply had come a mere minute later:
Barnes unfurled what appeared to be a leather jacket. Tony was unable to help himself from examining it, leaning over to peer behind Bucky’s shoulder as they silently judged the jacket. He couldn’t stop himself from bobbing his head in a content nod, internally musing that it couldn’t have been a better choice for Barnes if he had picked it out himself. Well… actually, it was probably a better choice considering he hadn’t picked it out. Steve knew Bucky better than anyone, and it showed in even the smallest gestures. Moto-style and weathered in all the right places, everything from the brushed-gray stripes on the biceps to the vintage pockets looked like a smart marriage of two New York City eras that Barnes embodied. He looked at Steve over Bucky’s shoulder, hoping his eyes conveyed approval.
Watching a classmate cross the stage, he realized diplomas were being dispersed. How long had he zoned out for? It didn’t matter, because O was dangerously close to P, and that meant—
First off, if you've been subscribed and waiting for me to update this fic, I apologize. I am a full time university student, and school unfortunately has to come first. I suffered from a lot of writer's block during my last semester, but now that I've wrapped it up, I'm back to writing more than ever. I want to thank anyone who's left comments, given kudos, and read up to this point. You guys are awesome!
“I promise you,” Sam whispered, pulling Pietro in for a hug, “I will get her to open the door. But to do that, I need you to go get some sleep, in a real bed. Let me sit out here and talk to her, even through the door, until she talks back. Can you do that for me?”
May grinned, slipping an arm around Peter’s waist as he slung one over her shoulder. The memory would make her happy, as much as he wasn’t a huge fan of pictures.
“Clint,” Pietro said slowly, taking deliberate steps until he was standing right in front of his caretaker, “she would never harm a team member. But she wants to prove this to herself. He will not harm her. Bucky is not the Winter Soldier anymore.”
“It’ll be a new year,” Bucky said smartly, earning him a swat on the knee from Wanda. “The tradition? People kiss. Supposed to bring good luck or some shit like that.”
A knock on her door made Natasha groan, not wanting company but knowing that refusal was futile. “What is it?”
for being my patient and honest beta. This chapter's quality improved exponentially with her help, as she always keeps me true to my vision and my plot.
Bucky could hear Wanda humming along beside him, her fingers tapping on the floor space between them as the song carried on.
вампир-- Vampire
“You look nice,” Wanda offered as Natasha leaned against the door of town car. “It is… good to see you out of bed, Natasha.”
he mused as they stepped into the elevator.
Metal fingers trailed from her shoulder, settling on her hand as an offering. With a twist of her wrist, they were palm to palm, walking through the door in one smooth step. Once inside, she felt heavier, as though the deck had been another realm they had resided in for mere moments.
The doors opened to the garaged, everyone else assembled around the assortment of vehicles. Bucky made a beeline for his bike, seeming to pick up on the tension surrounding Tony.
“If you’re not early, you’re late. He got that from his Ma.” Bucky shut the door behind him, rolling his eyes. “Honestly, Steven Grant Rogers, you’re beginning to resemble your mother. This is not 1934.”
“—and effectively learn to reign it in,” Bucky finished for him. “I still don’t like this.”
“At the risk of you trying to play dress up Barbie with me before I get a chance to get out of the car, yes, I’ll gladly go with them,” she sighed before following Clint to the car.
He heard the door sliding open before he felt the subtle vibrations of her footsteps, heeled boots clicking as she came to sit next to him. Wanda didn’t say anything as she settled, wrapping her own hands around the rail for support and crossing her legs under her. The wind shifted, carrying her perfume as he breathed in. “Heat, floral, and vanilla-- what is that?”
The elevators slid shut in time with Tony’s exhale. “JARVIS, is Sam ready?”
, Sam thought,
“I must need hearing aids, because I could not have possibly just heard Captain America suggest we give a teenager a potentially dangerous vehicle.”
Steve had followed Tony down to the garage without complaint, snickering with Bucky all the way down like they had some sort of secret.
Peter stood, surprised that his legs felt more sure than his head did as he strode to meet Principal Hughes, accepting the diploma and firm handshake with a smile. Exiting as they had been instructed at rehearsal (down the stairs to meet at the front of the stage in prep for the cap toss), Peter’s eyes kept straining towards the team and Aunt May. Only when the last person took their diploma did he regain focus on the task at hand. This was it— it would all be over in moments. There was no nostalgic tinge, no regrets. Unlike the movies, he was ready, really ready to move on.
“I do not think my rejection was the only factor, no,” she agreed. “Though my lack of interest in my powers since Lagos is probably more likely.”
“I am not frightened of you!” Wanda snapped, sending another stream of power towards Bucky— she missed once again, but narrowly this time. “ATTACK ME!”
“But we haven’t even talked about pants! What about a shirt? I NEED SHOES, STEVEN!”
“Everyone has been concerned about you avoiding your powers, Wanda.”
Peter let her pull him in for another hug and smiled before she turned and made her way toward the parking lot. He wasn’t expecting Mister Stark to pull him in for his own hug. “Thank you for coming, Mister Stark.”
“I guess it’s better than his two feet,” Tony mused, brow furrowing. “Or we could get him a car.”
“Is this… your periscope?” Bucky’s voice was tight, unsure of how to proceed.
As always, thank you to h34rt1lly for being my trusted beta.
Tony nudged a takeout cup across the table, chewing a bite of his breakfast burrito. “I could never be tired of looking at the tight uniform,” he countered. “But I did think you might be getting tired of Jarvis as your constant companion.”
“Okay, that’s the second mom joke I’ve heard today, who the hell started that?”
“YOU CAME INTO MY ROOM TONY, IT ISN’T MY FAULT YOU HAVE A SUDDEN PROBLEM WITH—”
“Open! This is a casual event with friends and you’re a kid!” Tony corrected as he consulted with Elijah for approval.
“Did I say that?” Clint feigned offense as he cut one of the pastries in half and dropped a piece on each of the twins’ plates. “Okay, yeah, I miss the two of you. Cut me some slack, this parenting thing is new to me.”
“I can handle that,” Bucky said from Tony’s other side.
“Let’s go see the kid make us proud,” Steve agreed, swallowing his other comments roughly before he got into a conversation he wasn’t ready to walk into so blindly. He exited the car quicker than Tony could, striding to the driver’s side in easy steps to open the door. Stark gave him a quizzical look before hopping out and bumping Steve’s hip with his own.
“You are not subtle.” Pietro was dumping the packet of sugar Clint had tossed at him, the third for his cup, much to Wanda’s dismayed expression. “Is this a family meeting?”
“Thank you for coming with me, Wanda,” Nat said quietly as they slipped on their coats.
“They said we would change the world,” Wanda answered sadly, “and so did Ultron…” Her voice broke into another sob.
He barely caught sight of Wanda’s flush before the lights went out and he was covered in confetti— complete with glitter. “STARK!”
Peter’s eyes widened with realization, spinning to look at Tony’s outfit. “Wait, Brendon URIE?”
“GET OUT. ALL OF YOU, GET OUT!” Wanda cried, sobbing as she sunk to her knees. “Coffee, coffee, coffee!”
Merry Christmas to all! This was a little sooner than I had planned to update, but here's some cheer during this holiday season. A HUGE thank you for the hits, comments, kudos, and bookmarks so far. I mean it, from the bottom of my heart.
“Are we sure they’re really ready?”
“W-what?” Her gaze widened, fixed on Sam’s face, as she moved her hands in front of her. Sam noticed the faint red between them, little more than a mist, and nothing like the power he knew she had.
Natasha didn’t know what to do in the Tower anymore. James had drug her back here, broken and unsure of how to live with herself. Here, in close proximity to Clint.
“I am ignoring it,” Jarvis noted.
“Bucky, you’re about to be voted off of the gift-giving team,” Steve stretched and stole a handful of popcorn from his place beside Tony, pointing an accusatory finger.
Our favorite Spiderling had to make his appearance.
“Fine, I’ll settle for an eclectic event.”
“Absolutely not!” Sam protested, looking as confused as Tony felt.
Hey all! This chapter is the band-aid I offer after what I did in my last two. I promise, there's a purpose to everything, just hang in there. If you're still following along, I want to say thank you.
Bruce made eye contact with Clint, who was frantically gesturing to stay silent. “I have a theory.”
“Pietro!” Wanda kicked him under the table. “It means Clint misses us.”
He waved goodbye as Wanda stepped out of the elevator, fixated on the many shades of red he had been surrounded by. This one was new.
Wanda only nodded, ignoring Sam’s hand but following him anyway. She didn’t say a word on the walk to his office, only clutched a blanket around her shoulders as she shivered.
Bucky’s eyes circled the room, looking for Wanda, and finding her leaning against the bar, head thrown back in laughter at Peter’s enthusiasm. He’d been taken aback by the way her skirt had caught every light source in the room all night, drawing his eyes to her again and again, unable to ignore her every move. The sheer magnetism of the sequins, he told himself as he crossed the room to hop up on the bar next to Wanda, who could ignore that?
Tony rubbed his forehead, unable to come up with a better suggestion nor a reason not to get the aforementioned one. Reflecting on Steve’s excitement was enough to sway him, though. If the gift-giver was already that excited, he could only imagine how the utterly unsuspecting giftee would react. That factor aside, this was a great distraction from his secretive planning that had been underway. Stark threw up his hands in a show of surrender, looking at Steve as he sighed.
“You always wear red,” Nat dismissed gently. “Well, and black. Unexpected would be, I don’t know, sparkles.”
Bucky lifted his glass in greeting, giving a low whistle as Natasha took Wanda’s hand to twirl her around, her skirt catching the light with every small movement. “Quite the outfits, ladies. You’re putting the rest of us to shame.”
Before Bucky’s scowl could morph into whatever rebuttal he was about to throw back, something black flew past Tony’s face. He didn’t have time to blink before a familiar metal arm snatched whatever foreign object out of the air. Steve, now fully clothed and looking rather smug, leaned against the door frame. A simple cerulean button up, left open at the collar, paired with gray slacks and a pair of Doc Marten loafers. At least he didn’t leave room to be lectured.
Steve was the first one to break rank as the pair approached, pulling Peter into a firm hug. Bucky nodded to Peter before giving him an awkward one-armed hug and a pat on the shoulder.
“You make it work,” Tony admitted, circling the room to get a good look at both of them. “Of course, I pay Elijah to make it pretty fail safe in the first place, but you know what I mean. Barton, Steve, get on with it.”
“I can’t believe you’re all here,” Peter blurted as he looked around. “Except… where’s Doctor Banner?”
“Wait a minute— where are Barnes and Wilson?”
“The door’s open.”
“I’m sorry, what?!” Bucky shouted in disbelief. “Isn’t this already hard enough for you and Clint? And for Nat? God, you want me to piss her off during her first spar with a teammate since Lagos?!”
“He is the only one I trust to get me obscure items,” Tony agreed and gestured to his jacket. “I could not be upstaged by Brendon.”
It was easier to skip the dwelling, the agonizing over possibilities, in favor of meeting Wanda in the garage. Nat lifted a hand and waved, seeing Wanda’s silhouette speaking to Pietro and Sam outside of the car. Happy had agreed to drive them today, back on security detail after a short holiday break, and familiar with all of the ins and outs of traveling in the tourist season. Sam waved back to her, lacing his free hand with Pietro’s and tilting his head toward the elevator. Pietro gave Natasha a nod as she approached, which was more than she’d expected, before he followed Sam’s gentle tug away.
“You got all that out of one session?” Clint gritted out, leaning against the door frame with a sigh. “That still doesn’t explain, if you think she would have agreed to the bots, why on EARTH you would suggest that she spar with Barnes! They could kill each other, Sam!”
“That’s not true, Bruce declined,” Clint pointed out dryly.
“Yes, sir. He’s been waiting on the common floor for forty-two minutes.”
“Please.” Bucky joined him at the bar, perusing the multitude of bottles before settling on finger of whiskey. “It’s a special occasion, might as well start early.”
“Clint, I—”
“Shall I call Wanda?” Pietro offered, digging in some hidden inside pocket of his jacket for his phone.
“No, no, no, and hell no. You stay here with Clint. I don’t want to think about you— dressing, or undressing— Barnes. I’ll go, since I’m clearly ready to go with time to spare!” Stark snapped, gesturing to his standard apparel of t-shirt and jeans.
“Son of a— get everyone to the cars, NOW!”
“10:52am, Mister Stark. I am certain I have not made an error.”
“Wanda, listen to me. You’re safe. Bucky is okay.”
“Steve can’t work technology,” Bucky snorted, tossing his ping pong ball into a cup before pulling out his own phone. “Scott, drink. You three, smile!”
, JARVIS affirmed.
His comment teased a smile to Wanda’s lips as laughter spilled into the air between them. She nodded, finding his words so ridiculous after what she had just shown him. Bucky’s hand wrapped around her shoulder as he let go of her fingers, enveloping her in both arms with one hand pressed to her hair. It would have been easy, to melt into his embrace, to tip her head in hopes that he might meet her halfway. Yet, none of it felt right-- not now, when he had only her own desires implanted in his mind. She had to let him decide for himself.
“Okay,” Pietro crack his fingers and gave an exaggerated air quote, “Dad.”
“Jarvis, if you’d be so kind!” Tony called loudly. “Start at sixty seconds!”
Монстр-- Monster
“That was Barnes, not me!” Clint countered, picking up Sam’s drink and walking off with it. “I swear, you will never see the payback coming, Wilson.”
“But they won’t,” a voice from the hall startled both of them, causing Clint to jump further into Sam’s office. “You are giving them no credit, Clint.”
The Commons had bedrooms, but they were primarily designed for guests-- not that anyone around here had many guests over. For now, while things were in progress, Nat was occupying one of the rooms. It was oddly hilarious to be a guest in “your own home” so to speak, having lived in the Tower for years, yet no longer having a place to really call her own.
“Tony Stark’s personal stylist, when he bothers to call me last minute to solve all of his problems,” Elijah answered as he held up two different pairs of shoes for Tony to deliberate between. “It would appear for this situation, I’m also here to style the entire Avengers team.”
“Did I authorize you to plan the food? Jarvis, is that a thing that I did?” Tony asked in mock-annoyance. Truth be told, he really didn’t care what they ate, but he knew that Clint did. There was entirely more food than they needed, spread across two tables that the caterers had kindly set up before being dismissed by security, but it wasn’t hurting his bank account enough to warrant more than teasing. “You know I expect everyone to eat two helpings at least, with the amount of food you can thank Barton for.”
“You’re lucky he has better fashion sense than you do, Barnes,” Stark deadpanned. “Otherwise you’d be wearing a silk shirt— and cuff links.” Without another word, he strode down the hall, wondering if there would be any more disasters that would prevent him from getting himself ready. Of course, it’s always a good rule of thumb not to question when things are going right.
Natasha had texted Wanda on Christmas morning, asking if they could go shopping together for the New Year’s Eve party.
“Maybe unexpected is not my calling,” Wanda called from behind the door. “This is a disaster.”
“The kid shoots webs already, I don’t think we need to employ another projectile here,” Tony declared as he chewed thoughtfully. “Next suggestion.”
“Sorry, Spiderling, this is mine— and you can’t borrow it!” Tony looked pleased with himself, nodding to Elijah as he gathered hangers and a garment bag. “Next contestant, I need to hang this up.”
Tony brightened, leaving his nearly-empty scotch in Steve’s hand and coming to usher Bruce in. “I wasn’t sure you’d be joining us, Brucie!”
“No, but I think there’s a rule that Hulks can’t,” Bruce countered as he sat back down.
Clint had drug the twins out of bed this morning with the promise of breakfast (even if morning for Clint was something more like 11am) if they came with him. When Clint had jostled her shoulder in an effort to wake her, Wanda had hauled herself out of bed, bleary-eyed and citing that there had better be coffee involved.  Pietro had taken some poking and prodding to rouse; he’d thrown a pillow at his sister when she called him lazy, and been dressed before Clint or Wanda could even cross his threshold.
“Sam… I need you to come talk to Wanda.”
“Then you doubt Bucky?” Sam interjected, looking surprised.
“I guess that leaves just you and me, Steve,” Tony ducked his head to conceal what may have been a blush and increased his pace to reach his R8. “I’ll drive.”
“I will.”
“Face mask?” She snorted at that, pulling her knees to her chest and letting the blanket fall to the wayside. “Only if you’re getting one too, Stark.”
How the hell had he just lost almost two hours playing “Dress Up The Avengers”? Come to think of it, that was probably an app someone had— no, no, now was not the time to investigate every whim his head concocted. It was time to round up the damn Brady Bunch he had spent all morning chasing after and be en route to Midtown High School of Science and Technology before they completely blew the surprise. With a huff he turned on his heel to shout at Bucky and Steve, both of which were murmuring quietly about something or other down the hall right where he had left them. “KNUCKLE AND CHUCKLE, LET’S GET OUT OF HERE.”
“That’ll be about 20 minutes.” In a flash of teeth and blonde hair, she was off, moving on to the next table.
I don't know where to start in terms of notes. This semester was rough, and I'm about to go into my last. That means infrequency, again, but hopefully not 4-5 months of it.
There was no preamble to the action. Bucky immediately began to circle Wanda, an intimidation tactic that any assassin was familiar with. Pietro heard Natasha sigh beside him. Wanda had no problem dodging Bucky, which was an immediate tip off for anyone watching that he was holding back.
“This is the groundwork,” Natasha declared. “You start where you’re comfortable. What can we add to this that would make it completely different?”
“I will show you,” Wanda asserted as she held up her hand, fingertips bright with red. “Will you let me?”
“Same thing I always get,” Clint noted as he pointed to toward the bottom of the menu. “Cheese Grits Breakfast Platter. Oh, and some of the pop tarts.”
“Why do you think they hid their plans from you?” he asked bluntly, leaning back to watch her. “It can’t be just because they thought you’d reject them, right?”
Now Natasha was really laughing, joining the hysterics Barnes had stirred up as Tony continued to look between them.
“At least you already handled the kids, and Bruce can handle himself,” Natasha said from Clint’s kitchen, dressed in a simple black sheath and boots. Oversized sunglasses perched on her head, presumably the ‘blend in’ portion of her outfit that Tony had just moments ago demanded. Not bothering to justify her sarcasm with a response, he turned to say something to Steve, only to find he wasn’t on the couch as he had been before he went to berate Clint’s wardrobe choices.
“Move!” Steve roared, trying to open the elevator.
“Peter. It’s fine.” Tony pointed at Steve, whose mouth was already half-open, and shook his finger. “Remember, lecturing disabled. Enjoy yourself, old man.”
“It is a well-known fact that I never miss,” Clint said casually as he clapped Scott on the shoulder. “But man, my poker face must be stellar if I roped you into believing otherwise. Yeah, bet fulfilled— that’s going on YouTube.”
Tony tugged them both in closer, grin broad and genuine (and maybe a little inebriated) as he heard the click of Bucky’s phone a few times. “Did you get a good one?”
Bucky flipped to the side and rolled to get behind her, landing a blow with his metal arm square in the middle of Wanda’s back. Her attempt to hit him with the conglomerated ball of energy missed, too wide and high to hit him. She shrieked in frustration, spinning to follow him with her eyes as he circled her again like a viper.
With Steve’s arm wrapped around Peter’s chest, Tony propped an elbow on Peter’s shoulder as they looked at Sam, ready for him to take the picture. Natasha nodded her approval of the pose, tipping her head to the side as she took her own read on the situation. Bucky and Sam took their turn soon after, with Tony taking the photo this time. Wanda had no problem posing with Peter, but convincing a very bored Pietro took a stern glare from Natasha. Tony checked the time and gestured towards the parking lot.
Wanda couldn’t help but laugh, beelining for her brother to tug him out of the chair for a hug. “You look quite dashing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love it,” Wanda whispered, looking at her reflection with wide eyes as she smoothed her hands over the fabric.
He glanced at Tony as they wove through the streets with ease (fast cars didn’t struggle through traffic, and Tony Stark had no patience for it), reflecting on how different he had become in the last two years. Pepper leaving him had been the start of a certain kind of self-awareness that didn’t seem to be there before. Beyond that, something seemed to have evolved as Tony aged— he seemed to have adopted more paternal traits than he would ever admit. This had been apparent ever since Peter Parker came into the picture, along with all the stumbling sentences and struggling circumstances that came with him.
“Pot of coffee, Clint?” The waitress inquired as he slid into the booth. He cast a glance at Wanda, rubbing her eyes and yawning, before holding up two fingers. She nodded, reappearing a few minutes later with two pots and three cups. “I’ll be back for your orders in a few minutes.”
“I don’t like lying, Clint.”
“She cannot hide from herself forever!” Pietro roared. “If we just keep relying on time to get her to heal, we will go nowhere. Lagos and Sokovia were—”
“Yes?” Peter sat up a bit straighter.
Wanda nodded, holding the door open for Natasha before sliding in next to her. Happy gave them a nod, navigating the streets with patience that only a seasoned professional could have garnered, before they arrived. A sales consultant met them in the elevator, probably due to some well-intended assistant of Happy’s calling ahead to let them know who was coming.
“Fine. When is this happening?” Clint was resigned now, accepting that he was beaten after all.
“WILSON, HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING MIND?” Clint howled as he threw open the door to Sam’s office. “That is the only feasible reason that you would suggest something that could get a fellow teammate severely injured, when we have a perfectly logical alternative!”
Peter had texted Clint to ask if Natasha would occupy Wanda, a sure signal that there was something about the bots that needed to be discussed. Clint tossed his phone to Nat, raising an eyebrow as she sighed.
Wanda shook, her tears returning with a vengeance as she clutched at her temples. The blanket fell to the floor, forgotten in the flood of emotions she couldn’t contain anymore. “I cannot bring them back. I know this. But I can keep myself for harming anyone else.”
“I thought we all agreed to blend in?” Tony muttered sarcastically, gesturing to Bucky’s metal arm.
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, sighing in frustration, before the question was answered for him.
Mister Stark still cracked him up— to the world he was Tony Stark, to the team he was Tony or Stark, and yet Peter Parker had adopted what could only be called an old man moniker. Tony approached them, holding his hand out to Peter.
The laughter waned as she slouched a bit, nodding in response. “I go every other day. We have made… progress, so he says.”
“Thank you, Natasha,” Clint caught her hand and squeezed it as she passed him. “I owe you.”
Wanda didn’t answer, eyes tracing the highs and lows in the skyline. “Could I show you a song?” Her voice caught on the last syllable, revealing her nerves. “I know you have your music on. If you do not wish for me to change it, I--”
Tony studied her face, half-hidden by stray pieces of hair that had dislodged from her bun, to survey the damage. Dark circles, heavy lids, and a pall across her skin that showed she hadn’t been upright to wash her face in days. He shook her foot, gaining only an eyeroll. “Come on. Let me take you out. You might feel better.”
Peter flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, averting his eyes from Bucky’s. “I wanted to make sure they could withstand a wide variety of damage, to make sure we were making mechanical and systemic maintenance checks instead of exterior ones. Dr. Banner had all the original work on these, I just helped out.”
“Maybe,” Tony allowed, mouth half-full of a street taco. “Depends on what everyone wants to do. I didn’t plan any games.”
Bucky quirked an eyebrow, now interested in whatever this request might be— it seemed like everyone had expectations of both he and Wanda for today. “What, are you going to ask me to lose?”
If you read my one-shots, please note that they are not connected to this fic in any way.
Wanda couldn’t speak through her tears, her eyes on Clint as she waited for him to look at her, to forgive her. Instead, he brushed past her as he left the apartment, not sparing a glance for anyone as he disappeared into the elevator.
She fiddled with her orange juice lid, one hand still clutching the blanket at her shoulder. “So you knew about them.” It wasn’t a question. Sam nodded, waiting for her to continue. “I have been in my room. I did not wish to talk to anyone.”
The usual sounds of silverware being dropped, heels clicking on the floor, and people arguing over who got the last of what replaced any grumbling Steve might have had left about how late it was. Tony had a point, they had no end time, and no one needed to drive home. “Are we going to play games?” Steve prompted Tony curiously.
“Even you?” Her voice jumped an octave in shock, sitting up to make eye contact with Sam.
“Barnes, you’re up,” Tony elbowed Bucky. “Beer pong falls under games. And Peter?”
“Alright, you don’t want to open the door. You don’t want to talk. I can talk for both of us, until you’re ready. How’s that sound?” He pause, but no answer came. “Thought so. Let me tell you what I think is going on here. You’re my teammate, and my teammates are my family. Your brother, Nat, and Clint are more your family than anyone else in this entire tower. You’d do anything to protect them. You trust them explicitly. And that trust is why it hurt so damn bad when you found out they’d been working on something behind your back— all three of them. Worse than just them, your whole team knew, and you didn’t. Am I on the right track?”
Hello again, readers! I hope you guys have been enjoying the frequent updates this summer. It's been great for me to be able to sit down and do some serious work on this story. Thank you to h34rt1lly for being my beta. :*
“I know you’re awake, and I know you heard us— maybe not every word, but you heard us talkin’ about you. Wanda, if you aren’t ready to leave your room right now, we can just talk right here. You need to talk to someone.”
“I know the risks!” Pietro shouted back. “But understand what I’m saying— Wanda is so terrified that she will lose control, right? I need you to push her there, because she would never hurt you. She wouldn’t hurt any of us. If she is pushed to the edge in a controlled space, she will learn to recognize the cues of when she’s close to losing her grip—”
“Better late than never.” Bucky laced his fingers with the hand Wanda was resting against the bar, drawing her hand up and pressing a kiss to her knuckles as everyone yelled zero.
“Peter Parker.”
“Room service,” Tony’s voice called through the door, “and we need you to vacate bed in order to change the sheets, ma’am.”
“You train too hard, too long,” Pietro scolded her as he shoved his half in his mouth.
“Fibrous refractory composite insulation that’s enhanced with ceramic alloys, over a silicon-titanium frame,” Bruce supplied.
Stark huffed and proceeded on his mission towards the elevator, trying to get back to his own floor so he could get himself ready instead of playing handmaiden to a bunch of genetically gifted (or enhanced) overgrown toddlers. Coulson’s mother hen tendencies and endless patience would have come in handy today, he mused to himself.
: Peter was, in fact, allowed in the building.
Tony and Peter disappeared from where they were running checks on the Ironman suit. Tony with the suit and all.
Still he couldn't help feel a bit melancholy when he got home at Thursday , the day before the trip. The trip where his friends -all two of them- would be. The only major tour of the year. A tour that was supposed to be at some big name in scientific companies.
"Well, you know that Field trip I wasn't allowed to go to yesterday? Turns out, it was here, and these are my classmates and stop looking at me like that! I didn't realise the trip was here OK?!?!!!!!!" Peter rambled.
He may or may not put his bag down a little noisily  on the  table to make sure he has his father's  attention.
"Sorry, I thought everyone knew though?" Peter says unsurely. Steve took a bottle out sending a pointed look to Natasha.
Cindy nods still looking aroung awestruck.
His phone projected a hologram of Tony Rogers-Stark,  Steve Rogers-Stark and Natasha Romanoff they looked slightly disgruntled,
"Everyone doesn’t come to me with problems kid, I give problems, I barely solve my own."
"Ok, ok, geez I won't but think about it ok? You deserve to be happy too. "
"Come on sleepyhead, spiders don't hibernate. Get up." Peter was tempted to try to convince Wade that spiders do actually hibernate, but decided it not worth the effort.
"WHAT THE FUCK PARKER?!?!" the scream in a familiar and unwelcome voice startled Peter from his phone. He looked at the tour group and actually took on the fact the people there seemed to be in his class..... a tour.... to his class. Peter felt a headache coming.
Flash was grumbling having lost ten dollars.  he bet that Captain America would win.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"Is this a boy talk?"
Ps. pining idiots are hard to handle. you should have seen Dad and Pops.
But he would have to be introduced as the heir of the Stark fortune as well as the prodigy to Tony Rogers-Stark. That meant people in high places would have to know him, Pepper promised that the overwhelming number of calls would die down after the initial few days, after they realise they'd gain as much of a favour in SI from Peter as they get from Tony. (which is to say absolutely none)
Peter looks around and finds a pen to stab Obadiah-Mandarin-Skull  with since he had taken the bullets out beforehand.
"He was being a bully" the star spangled dorrito replied self righteously.
Steve almost sighs in relief.
: why must you hurt me this way?
"No please, don't I can't call anyone with it its just a watch!" he hears someone protest.
East-West high was a fine example of American education system. Or well, the heavily embellished media version of it. There are 'jocks' who are dating 'cheerleaders' and bullying 'nerds' and asking for lunch money. Fucking Cliché is what it should have been called but some old dead fuck decided on East-West.
"Give Mr. Stewart temporary access. " he hoped she understood that he meant without  anything spiderman related.
:love of my life, sun to my moon peanut butter to my jelly, cool ranch to my hot cheetos, chimmy to my changas.
Spiderdumbass : I also have been stabbed repeatedly, so if you could call somebody?
" how did he even - he's a computer scientist " Danny muttered.
"Wha- Wh- DEADPOOL?!?!?" Flash sputters.
"No, no you should not. Wade, come on it’s been three months since your last kill, don't you wanna keep going?" Peter says frantically.
" Your eyebags are popping today?" she tries, and he points towards the class she had her back to.
"Be prepared tomorrow, I have a feeling you'll be called to the principal if Tony has anything to say about it." she says as though Peter didn't interrupt her.
What are you on about?
"Girls?" Ms. Trinket broke in, "I'm glad to hear about the internship Ms. Brant,  congratulations on the achievement,  but we do need to get on with the tour. "
×××××××××××××××××✗
He felt his star coming back before he could say anything else. He was close. He'd fall through.
"Come on, it'll be fun, imagine the faces when they see the avengers sparring with Deadpool and someone they think is an intern." Sam says with an evil grin of his own.
"I would advise to visit room No. 43 Peter"
"Nah, you're really caring, and everyone comes to you with problems to get them solved, ergo team mom."
"I'm going to give you all visitor badges. These babies are going to give you access for twenty four hours. So if you leave something after the fair you must retreave it within twenty-four hours starting from the moment you swipe the cards." she says pulling out a card from a box next to her.
"You came to a level one access gym -one that none of you ever use- to practice, today, all of a sudden?"
"Anthony?"
"Woah, woah woah dude, calm down you're looking for me, let him go" Peter almost stands, but then thinks better of it.
He printed out a couple of her specs which he's not really looking forward to show a room full of people, but It's criptic enough for no one to actually be able to build a replica.
He fell in love with many over the centuries, the latest resulting in the disaster with Jane. But never before did he fall as fastly and deeply in love before. Not throughout the cosmos.
"Righ, of course he does." he sounded slightly hysteric.
And since they finished with classes by three, the two decided they had some time to kill so they found an empty class room to do their homework. ........  Well, pretend they did their homework while just scrolling through their phone.
: hey Ned, Michelle is Peter ok? He got red all of a sudden and now hes just… face down on the table?
"Why not?"
Correct™avengers@quotes
"So what's going on with you and Thor?" Tony says and sits down opposing Bruce . Bruce wished the tea that sprayed from his mouth caught Tony and removed the insufferable smirk.
: Cindy?
Peter kisses him and immediately all his attention shifts to him. Whenever Peter kisses him Wade feels like he feels it with his whole being, every single of his senses focused on Peter. It happened the first time they kissed, still happens now, and he really can't see it stopping anytime soon. Peter is like a plug to all his senses that just pushes everything away.
"Woah there pops, let's calm down there, no need to get aggravated, all under control. " he tried to calm the man down.
"But I suppose you are the reason why I have him. So, I'm just letting you know that I'm asking him to Marry me tomorrow. " he smiled his angelic smile down at the terrified man.
"We're taking her to one of the resting spaces. She was probably up for days. Uh… don't worry about the tour though, I asked F.R.I.D.A.Y and she said something about sending someone down soon, so if you could just wait here- " the intern looked at Mr. JJ. Who nodded.
"Uh, yes robot, that's it, I'm a robot. beep bop" the robot says.
"Sorry, guys but I guess they didn't print passes out for you, you still have your own passes right?" The boys nodded and stood behind the line to scan the passes.
Besides he has enough to worry about after school, like how to keep Flash alive tomorrow.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
Phone : *you’re my dad, you're my dad boogie woogie woogie*
Ok, here's the thing, the school that he goes to, that is, this stupid, stupid school in Northern Westchester isn't…. Well Firstly he's very very far away from his baby boy so they can't meet regularly. Which, you know, booooooo. But also his school is and he can't stress this enough, shady as all fuck.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"You don't even hate him that much since SHIELD recruited him." Steve pointed out.
Let's play the reference game!!!!
: yeah. That one.
"The gym 462 is not equipped with a shooting range Mr. Dope ass fresh prince. "
"Well, you’ve gotta wait two minuts on the passes, but Gabe's actually gonna murder you if you make a move on him." Charlie arches an eyebrow as she types something in.
MJ slowly looked towards Fishlegs,
"I literally had nothing to do with the holograms. I wasn't even touching the phone!" Peter exclaimed.
@ potatogun you? Met? Him? Last? Week????
"No, nope, no you don't. " Cindy interrupts before they decide to greet death.
From: GeniusBossBitch
: worm? Do you two work there too?
Flash raised a hand and Bruce pointed at him indicating him to ask his question.
He didn’t even realize that he was nodding. Then it occurred to him, Tony would do anything in his power to get the book now. He could see it in the determination in his face. Why oh why did he find it so cute?
"HEY, YOU CAN'T THREATEN MY STUDENT!" Oh, look at that Mr. Tritter found his voice.
"Of course boss."
If you asked their tiny group what they would do if there was a field trip to Avengers tower a year ago, Ned would have laughed. Peter would have panicked and MJ would smirk and proceed to draw Peter's face in her crisis notebook.
"The top drawer in the table in your room babyboy?" Wade whispers to him and Peter simply nodded.
His suspicions were confirmed when there was a nervous giggle from the front, "uh, no actually, I'm-im in a relationship I meant any questions about the tour?"
Captain America opposes Homophobic group and tells them, "If gay people are going to hell, then I guess I'll see you there" coming out as Bisexual.
WTF He wasn’t supposed to come in the Tower.
AcaDec trip too Stark Tower Whoooooooooo
"Uh huh"
Mr. Warren had a smirk on his face.
"Sure, I have to go to a meeting wjth my team, but leave it on my desk later." Mami shrugged and left.
Crush was something normal people got, he wasn't normal, he was a warrior, and warriors did not have crushes or pine or moon, they wooed their beloved in a blaze of glory.
"And when you looked inside the book you found your picture? "
: he's talking to Flash and Elanor.
: we saw him.
"Familiar? How?"
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"And dad didn't kill you?"
: you're so mean. And I miss you too.
"Dude, do you even remember what day it is?"
He sighed and left the class, he wondered how to tell this to his fathers and not have them coming in his school repulsours ablaze and demand an apology.
you all should be there.
"Mini boss, could you make an appearance and give a speech at a tour today? I'm trying to fit it in Boss's schedule but it is not fitting unless it cuts into something. " Friday informed. Peter grew uneasy at the thought of a speech.
♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪Π
She looked towards Ms. Trinket to realise the constipated look on her face for the last week was because she was trying not to grin in glee, which she was doing right now by the way. It was creepy, if she didn’t know the safety protocols of this place, she'd be terrified of being a part of the saw franchise.
Peter could feel everyone turn their eyes towards him, well, since they probably would gather enough crap on him anyway,
"Besides It's rude to out someone without asking them" Bucky added nodding along because as Steve mentioned before, his best friend is an ass. Steve ignored him.
(Picture of Flash with a battle in the background there are robots and he got Captain America's back in frame.)
When Peter went inside he was pleasantly surprised to see Deadpool running around the living area, then his brain processed the fact that the other boy was actually  running for his life.
××××××××××××××××××✗
Deadpool is in the avengers tower. Deadpool is in the avengers tower kitchen. Dead pool is in the same room as Tony Rogers-Stark, and he's not even dead! What on god's green earth is happening?
:IK. Ik. She's amazing.
"We're not interrupting something formal are we? We could leave if you need it!" he asks sounding guilty. Apparently not noticing exactly who the crowds are.
"I still do not see why you need a Ravengers meeting, Bruce just got home from the month long voyage, you could have at least let him rest." Thor scowls at the laptop that was set up for them for the "Emergency Revangers Meeting "
"Fishlegs, anything to report?" she says
: can't wait for you to get back.
Clint, turned to Peter.
He shrugged,
"Remind me again brother, why I shouldn't rip this mortals spine through his mouth and feed his carcass to the crows?" Loki asked through gritted teeth. Flash whimpered.
: Peter has a girlfriend?
: why are y'all just springing this on us??!??!
"Hey sure I get it, but you think Thor's gonna ruin a friendship over that? Besides, why are you so sure that you're gonna get rejected? "
Ironman and Captain Murica continues to be one of the most frustrating couples in existance.
"You had shacles and a lock. Who the fuck in this day and age uses shacles and a lock, you took me in a lab. Do you even know who I am buddy? I can probably sue you for incompetence right now and I'd win."
I did not see that coming
@♛ queen ♕ he meant She's my girlfriend.
The demon never came to collect the boy from Howard.
I love my girlfriend
: I can't believe I'm friends with a sap like that.
"The paper kind. He looks so gorgeous, he always looks gorgeous,  he's just a beautiful person in general. *gasp* he's gonna have so many people after his attention now, and he's gonna realise how better he is and leave me!" Wade wailed, and it did nothing to quieten the class's mumbling.
He does however chance a look at Flash. The utterly gobsmacked expression he has is......  Gratifying. If only his fathers weren't so overprotective.
: not really?
Why did I bother.
"My name is Danny Fenton. I'll be your lab director till the shift is over. "
Cindy felt sorry for Peter,  whether or not he would like her back, he's about to be inconvenienced.  Eleanor is tricky, she gets extremely mean if she doesn’t get what she want.
: ned
"Well, dear that's not really anything you could do. " he says as he dunks her hand in alcohole again. She screams again.
"Hey, Peter! " she called out instead,
: you deserved that one.
"Holy crap that's Captain America and Iron Man"
"Why do you think he's in trouble F.R.I.D.A.Y? " he asks slowly already dreading the answer.
But inside, he was in turmoil. Because no matter how often it happened, or how capable he knows his husband can be, it does not get easier.
"We didn’t hand you a way out. You were locked!" one of the men ground out.
from: boss ass bitch
"Yes and he also kinda has all the Avengers wrapped around his fingers, -so I don't think you're in a very favourable position right now, especially with Loki and Widow in the same room. " Flash gulped and finally looked around at the other Avengers....... They did not look happy at all.
Tony cried in secret when he heard about his mother, he clenched his teeth when he heard about Howard.
"I..... have a field trip"
Yeeter @ parkour
"Well  they were skuffling. " Natasha tries to reason.
'It's so fine with me, you wouldn’t believe how fine I am with it. In fact let's get married so that the mom and dad thing is true'
It's very likely. He get in trouble a lot and a lot like them right?
She sometimes wonders how Peter doesn’t let it bother him. Flash and his group has been doing this since middle school, and Peter never not even once retaliated. Heck, if it were her, she would have killed Flash twice by now.
"I'm Peter's Teacher. I have a few concerns regarding Peter so I hope you could clear them up." Mr. Stewart tried for a formal approach.
Getting your butt handed by Thor?
Yes he knew his father is Iron man, but he is also undeniably human. He doesn’t have any inbuilt ability to protect himself.  Not like Peter himself, not like his father,  or uncle Bucky or Thor, or any other inhanced human.
"The labs are on the other side of the building. " MJ looked the most put together but she too looked worried.
"So Mr. Morita I really hope that that will clear any questions anyone would have about the adoption? " Steve smiled an all American boy sweet smile as though he and his husbands weren't grilling the principal and the teacher for the last half hour.
Peter gave her a flat look.
I stan one (1) badass woman.
They pause, and Tony squints at them.
"And Flash is too much of a douche for us to handle. " MJ says. Peter raises an eyebrow.
*************★
@ america's ass please come get your man he's been staring at the holograms for the last 15 minuts unblinking and I'm worried
"So he passed out on the horn and the horn went kept going off and it was really annoying.  But the first guy pushed him off and tried to grab the stearing wheel but he didn’t realise a police car was patrolling close.
Spiderman :.......
"Yes ma'am. " Peter sighed. he may face supervillains on a regular basis, but MJ is definitely up there as the scariest peoples he has met. (and he saw a lot of scary people)
°Steve's face looking at his phone, he lookes shocked, and stuck between happy and terrified°
"MJ, WHY?!???" the girl in question shrugged,
All they had to do was go through whoever was in the warehouse and that was it. Steve frowned even as he was running at the warehouse from about a block away.
Peter regards him for a second before turning to Ned and MJ.
Peter rubs his face and Tony approaches him.
See more
"Ok, you know what? Karen?"
Wade shifted, "Why?"
He was pretty sure he had slipped into parade rest at one point.
The figure wearing the hoodie turned for a brief moment and Peter's eyes bugged out. He ignored Ned's questioning looks to stare mouth agape at the person standing a few meters ahead,
"It was just a sketch of me " it was amazing how easily he dismissed it.
ShuriWithAB@ There'sABee?
There is a thump on a chair right behind him. And he berates himself on not being aware enough of his surroundings to realize that someone came that close.
"Jeasus christ on a rusty bike"
I am so sorry. I really am.
"Yup, more important definitely " Cindy nods
"Ned, listen, could you take a look at the codes of this one?" he asks handing his tablet to Ned.
From the corner of his eye he sees the entire table gape at them. Jesse's best friend
Shhhh we don't talk about my inability to recognize my feelings for Wade for a month.
I AGREE. I TOO THINK THE DR. BANNER IS CUTE!
"They're finished?" Peter said in awe.
"You didn't break anything today right Wade?" Tony asks looking at said boy suspiciously.
"Betty?"
Peter and Ned gave him an unimpressed look, MJ put her book out of her face to give him a MJ special  You Are Dumb™ look.
"Not to mention he's also ridiculously hot." The engineer sighs.
: …..
Aww White you do care.
See more replies
"Mr. Shuu, please, I  swear I didn't forge this, you can call my....." he didn't get a chance to finish.
"Yes Mr. Parker all of you includes you too" Peter lowered his hand just as Cindy asked,
Then Cindy looks closer,
"Well, OK I wouldn't do that to all the students, but if your homophobic ass of a teacher so much as looks at you funny he's gonna need a new identity on the other side of the world." Tony says.
"Of course not! I told Steve, he told Natasha and she told Pepper." Tony says defensively.
: that's just the first three.
It wouldn't really be a problem normally, but she took a one and a half month vacation from her work and decided to hang out in the avengers tower.
乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ
++++++++++++++++++++++‡
"Come on!" the other girl pulled her to a desk, presumably hers.
JFC thses are everywhere.  Are they actually breaking up?
"W-wel you see- uh I mean, that is-" his fathers are definitely amused.
"GET ON YOUR KNEES ON YOUR KNEES NOW. HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE EM. GET THEIR PHONES!" The guy who came inside behind everyone says.
Peter sighed. "No that's what Wade is gonna do. If he found out"
If that two bit spy thought she could just close the portal on his star like it was no big deal, then he was going to rip her throat out slowly and painfully so much so that even she would fear it.
Hi, I'm aro pan
"Hey, Peter man, don't listen to her, you're Peter, you're a guy no matter what she says." Ned tried to console him. He didn't  see MJ or Shuri approach, but both of them gave him a side hug. MJ gave the back of their teacher's head a murderous glare.
Will he go for her?
Reaching the food court, Peter left the Class to their own devices and telling them that they had to leave in half and hour or so. He was very ready for the day to be over. Peter grabbed Ned and MJ, (he didn't have to look to know that Wade would be following) and chose a table. So of course, most of his class had to choose that table as well. He even saw Flash sulking at the corner furthest from him.
"And it's absolutely fine when he threatens the safety of my nephew? Give me a break. we saw the security clip from a few minutes ago. you're lucky you're not toast yet." Bucky says and Peter realises that it would have to be a miracle to get Flash and His teacher out unscathed.
Flashback #3
Alas not with me! I has't the pow’r of god and Anime on mine own side
His luck on the other hand is absolutely bull. which is where the patented Parker luck came from, back when he was still a Parker.
"Any kind of explanation would be lovely. " Peggy says.
"What'd he do this time?" Peter asked curiously just as another man dropped from the vent and both approached him.
MmmmmmwacchaJ
@ Potts
MJ why?????
++++++++++++++++++++++‡
Ned frowned. If there is one thing that could get him out of a panicked slump it was righteous fury. (He and Peter are kind of similar in that regard)
"You knew about the team Mom and Dad thing? And didn’t tell me?"
" Hello, we're here for the tour from Midtown high?" He prompted as the young woman looked up from her computer with a marketing smile.
Peggy was impressed
"I remember that the day the two of you figured out your feelings for each other, and told me, it was the same day, and literally no one but the two of you seemed to think that it was a ground shattering revelation.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
"Yes, I am Flash, we're in the building! You saw what happened until now, I'm dating  Wade for crying out loud, why is it that hard to believe?"
He looked at them to see Ned smiling gleefully and MJ nodding her head.
"Alright Friday, where's Dad?"
"Hey, Michele, did Penis get you an internship too, since he's all buddy buddy with Tony Stark?" Flash mocked, Ned will forever be amazed at how stupid m the boy could be.
: et tu ned?
Ah yes, the surprise field trip, The teachers of Midtown High has kept their mouth shut about. the field trip they were going to have tomorrow. Apparently it was at some big name company and the students who had enough attendance to go, had their parents receive an email for permission.
"That was when May was in comfort therapy. She finished the paperwork with Mr. Rogers-Stark then to get Peter adopted. After Peter...... You know, then Mrs. Romanova-Potts said he should get some training as the heir of the company.  He was so shocked to know he was the heir. Then Mr. Stark figured out I was the one who hacked the suit that one time in the Vilture incident and he wanted to hire me, and Mr. Odinson-Banner thought he could use a computer expert.  And I don't know what blackmagic Mrs. Romanova-Potts and MJ did, but they communicated, and she thought MJ should be her intern."
That is the question which has been going through the head of one Peter Rogers-Stark when he was sitting bored in his Chemistry class, very much regretting his patrol the previous night.
Steve and Tony aren’t already dating in this, just thought I'd let you know. It’s pretty obvious though.
....... Maybe just a little bit but really it wasn’t ,entirely his fault.
He ate quietly, and ignored his classmates stares. He was glad For Wade though, he warned his classmates not to overwhelm Peter, his class and Mr. Warren seemed plenty intimidated by his boyfriend.
"I'm  Tony, hi aunt Peggy. " he smiled. Peggy's breath caught on her throat.
Peter walks in the security check by scanning his hand instead of the card as everyone else had to.
Peter nodded. "I know, I just- i don't want him to get more injured I guess." and Clint grimaced at that.
"Yes, and Bucky's captured by Hydra, but we will be out in the future. " the man smiled, it came more like a grimace. Howard nodded,
"It's iron patriot "
: no, it'd be more tolerable if it was sexting.
Before the Avengers could answer, the door opened again and a girl walked in, she looked around, saw the tour group (Ned waved hello) and decided that she was not dealing with this and promptly walked out. Asking Friday about another Gym.
my mother the great and kind woman, and My Brother,  he didn’t do much, but he's a furry, so he gets a shoutout.
"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU KNOW THE AVENGERS PENIS, HOW'D YOU DO THAT STUNT BEFORE?!?! "
: he a protective boi.
Peter: *tackle hugging his giant teddy* I love it thatnk you dad!
"He may be under a no kill rule but I'm not." Natasha mumbled darkly.
: well, frick.
"LATE training, and also, only the morning training session. I'll even let you all out of the evening session if you want."  Steve bargained. That seemed to work, the present avengers cheered and got up to let the rest of them know.
"What reality is this?" Peter finally decides to question.
It was Shuri who noticed them first.
Peter wasn't much offended, Shuri however, looked offended enough for both of them.
: yessss?
"You did get one thing wrong though, "
Pro: Peter looks adorable pouting
: asdfghjkl
"What do you mean Mr. Lang, you can't just meet any Avengers for a school trip" Mr. Shuu frowned.
Tony smirked at Flash,
Flash apparently didn't catch on to the fact that most of the Avengers want to murder him, so he askes,
"Hey babyboy. Missed you these last two weeks." He says when they break. Peter giggles nodding.
"Uh huh, sure we aren’t, and obviously You're going to talk to dad like an adult and not procrastinate. " in moments like these Steve can tell Peter got influenced by Tony's sass.
Steve looked at Tony longingly.
He hoped his grimace came more like a smile, "They're already here"
"What are you talking about? Peter left his work to help me with this tour since I have to be away for a while, if anything, I'm bothering him." Mr.Collins looked shocked as did the rest of the class, bar of course Ned and MJ.
The group entered the room, Peter was not not even the least bit surprised when Alfred told them to look around and made a beeline for the Brit named Arthur.
: fight me Thompson.
"Peteeeeyyyyyyyy" the voice drawled and Peter shifted a little, barely opening one eye to look at the offender.
"Why not?  you have enough shit to deal with as it is, why not just stop him?" Natasha says in a menacing tone.
Wade blinked at her then looked over to where Peter was in the line then back to Jessie.
They went inside beginning, what they thought to be another day of long grueling high school.
"Then why aren't you with them? Shouldn't you be on this tour too then?" Alice asked... Perplexed
"That was nice of you?" He ventures.
"Here?"
"Dr. Banner, Parker actually has an internship here?" He asked a perplexed looking Bruce.
"My fathers aren’t here yet. They're running late. " he steeled himself waiting for the other man's response.
"Uh, royal consort? Do they mean Brunnhilde? I didn't know you guys were dating? " Bruce's vice comes out slightly strangled.
When she entered most were facing their back to her. The robot, who was facing her, looked up to see her and let out a soft,
"what did you just say?" she walked towards Flash slowly and the boy gulped audibly.
"And where is your menace of a boyfriend?" Shuri asked deciding she didn't like Flash an doesn't really care about what he has to say.
You would.
Peter believes in him, and he'd be so disappointed. And that's just unacceptable. )
Breakfast was.... Quiet, he's used to eating with everyone, but it really is late, and jet lag is a terrible terrible thing.
"It's a chance, not a blessing, besides, I'd better keep him where I can keep tabs on him." Tony mumbled behind his mug. Though that didn't stop peter from hugging him.
"Well, OK then, oh, Pete can't  give you a security  pass in that  case, or Ned or MJ. " Alfred  says and gives the rest of the group guest level passes.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
A human disaster, at their finest.
But of course no one could actually know that he got adopted by Iron-man and Captain America, at least not yet, until Pepper handled the press.
.... Oh joy.
Excuse her?
Peter was done with those parties in the first five minutes, even if he was trying to remember all the people his dad introduced him to, (which is frankly a lot)
What tf happenned to make him laugh like that????
"Oh, Allfather's beard, don't tell me you didn't tell him you're in love with him? It's been ages Thor!"
Ok, but whomst the heck is @ perky?
"You're  WHERE??!"  ah so his dad  was with his pops.
"Mr. I'm-rich-and-I-do-what-I-want over here, decided that it would be a splendid idea to install a coffee machine at every room in the pent house, the common room, the workshop and who knows where else!"
"They meant you genius " Loki input from the safety of being on the other side of Thor
"My boyfriend. " Peter answers deadpan. Wade wanted Peter to save his name under "💀💩L" but Peter said it was embarrassing....... ( As opposed to all the heart Emoji.  His mind supplies helpfully )
She actually really likes all these science in the same place.
"I think I'm gonna faint" Cindy mumbled.
...........
I don't know if I should let them off or ground them even more.
"Wait your son?!" Peggy exclaimed.
: that's all the surprise there is?
"We have your Psa's for detention."
: the AI?
"Yup, not as much as spiderman, but yeah I'm strong." he flexes to prove his point.
Ned sighed and came out from behind her.
Just as Peter finished the thought the judges walked up to his stall.
"DUDE! You don't think we're going...... There are we!" Ned whispered seeming to be much more excited at the note than Peter would have liked him to be.
She and Betty thought it was because Flash wanted the Job so much. Anyway, they had no intention of being in the receiving end of Flash Thompson Bully extrodinare, so they decided to keep things on the downlow.
"What'd he do this time?"
"Trying to impress the father in law" he says as a mean of explanation.
They were getting ready to leave the Lab when a very frazzled looking Dr. Banner came in. He looked like he was running on coffee and energy drinks. Ned recognizes the look from seeing it many times on Peter and Tony. (seriously what is up with the sleep deprived scientist superheroes?)
Steve nodded,
"Hey, Pete,  let's keep the language to non genius level English? " the blue eyed blond says.
®®®®®®®®®®®®
"Excuse me? did you just call my son puny penis parker? because I'll have you know he is none of those things." another voice wafted in the room this time followed by a very irate Captain America and his Eyebrows Of Disappointment™.
IT'S SO FRUSTRATING!!!!! I'M STARTING SYMPATHISE WITH MJ!"
Alfred opened the doors and they entered. Peter was one of the last people that got in. Of course, he promptly froze when he did get in the room though.
"Ok" he says let's Betty go and takes the group in.
Peter's dads didn't get an email, which is a surprise to no one, after the first time he crashed due to overwork, his fathers were adamant about him missing classes whenever he could without dropping his grades. He got tutored by his family anyway.
The Princess of Wakanda radiates so much chaotic energy..... I love her!
: smh I'm missing so much drama.
: what?
Steve took a step towards Flash,
"EXCUSE ME, you can't threaten one of my students." Mr. Collins spoke up.
"Uh, yeah, sure, let's go" he waved at Alice just as she got through the door, and left with his family.
I don't know what possessed me to write this but here you go, I've never written confessions before, so please go easy on me.
"Oh, yeah sure old man, remember that we're going to Italy right after this. Ok, be quick" Tony kisses his cheek.
:.... That's… a lot.
They would need to have a public wedding with Media and influential figures later, but this... this is just for them and their family.
: the one Tony Rogers-Stark made?
"New student? " Peter frowned.
"Who the fuck was that penis? Where did you get two avenger look a likes? How did you even manage to bring them inside the building?" So on and forth, Peter was thanking uncle Bruce in his head for those self control yoga classes. But even then his patience was nearing it's limits.
"I didn't think you'd be so desperate Penis, you're so pathetic."
"Alright buddy, here's the deal, you keep your mouth shut the rest of the trip, and don't bother Peter or his friends. Ever. And you walk out of here alive. Do we have a deal?"
"Why there?"
Step 2 : Fail step 1
Ayyyyy meme white boy!
"Babyboy?" Cindy ventures carefully.
He just could never get the eye right, he knew tony would scoff, "It's just simple brown eyes babe". And Steve would have to conquer with there being absolutely nothing simple about those eyes thank you very much, it takes about months for him to correct a single skech of his husband.
The nurse that left him on the cot had to hurry back to help the others with Maria. It was like no one gave a second glance at the beautiful little boy.
Peter roundhouse kicked one of them making him fall on the other.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
"What gave it away?the red and black or the katanas?" Peter mused wryly.
After two rings the phone was picked up,
: Pete? That's a mighty side eye You're giving
"All she heard from me was the kid who bullies you could be there and she agreed." Tony shrugs.
"Hey cap!" Tony walks in on him drawing him yet again this time startling him into closing the sketchbook with a thump.
Anyway It seemed however, his keeping an eye on Shana came handy pretty quickly since, right in the middle of saying,
"What kind of unsightly person are you talking about? " he decides to ask slowly.  Peter could hear him telling FRIDAY to take him to the lab in the background as though he covered the speaker up.
Peter saw his class have the freakout of Tony freaking Rogers-Stark is standing in front of them, then he saw them process the words that he said.
They reached Ned and MJ. Ned was staring at Wade wide eyed. MJ had that assessing look to her face. They knew who Wade is. But this would be their first time meeting them.
Peter could imagine His pops frowning debating the best course of action
Peter shot Tony an incredulous look, "why would you do that?!?!"
Wait  no! Don't take him, I'll do anything.
Can I prithee recieveth a waffle @ Perky come back and vine with me you coward.
Eleanor was.....  How to put this? Desperate to be on the top of the social chain. Cindy feels some people just pity her at this point with this many rumours swirling around her. Cindy personally thinks It's really nobodys business who she slept with but that's just her.
Peter heaved another great sigh before deciding to just suck it up and go with.
"He indirectly asked me if I was getting money for buying new things by selling drugs." Peter sighed. Ned gaped at him
"We will be seeing the second employee gym today to show you all what goes on there, though, fair warning, not many who works in SI.... Likes to exercise." She chuckled.
He was going to have a long day.
"Excuse me Mr. Rogers-Stark sir" Eleanor raised a hand, the picture of the perfect student.
Tony : Here, I'll call you,
"Miss Jones is coming" someone yelps out and Betty is surprised by the absolute flurry of movement that passes the entire office.
Damn Stark really going for the dad jokes
"Flash!" Ms. Trinket yelps out.
: what Flash said without the degradation.
"Shouldn't you have been? It is a once in a lifetime opportunity." Jessie says from his other side. He looks around to see that they were trying to corner him.
: hmmm
He ignores the pummeling feeling in his stomach and focuses on Mary. If anyone asks, she is named after Mary Putnam the frist American Woman to study medicine at the University of Paris.  But anyone who knows him would know that it’s  absolute bullshit and he's naming it after his late mother. (Sorry pops)
Tony scoffed as he endevoured to make a plate inhumanly straight (cough unlike himself cough)
"Are you involved in buying or selling any illegal substances Mr. Parker? "
Case in point, right now his mind is refusing to think of anything other than the worst case scenario,  and really, thinking about all the time he had seen his husband injured really doesn’t help.
No one was paying much attention to what Betty was saying, too busy gawking at the building.
"Oh, god teach-" came the second male's voice "- great one, comedy gold right there, congratulations though you actually made the Black widow laugh"
Flash had his mouth open before anyone could say anything, a man wearing a pare of metal wings dived at him. Peter dodged, the next time the man dived at him he caught the man, the class then saw an arrow fly straight at Peters heart only for him to anticipate it and dodge, the arrow hit the man who was trying to hold him down.
"he doesn't really fight back. I  mean if he wasn't a whimp he'd stand up for himself right?"
He couldn’t help his eyes fluttering open, meeting Wanda’s to see the tears that were stuck in her lashes, no longer humming.
“I gathered that much,” he agreed as he opened his own bottle of juice. “I’m going to need a little more information to go off of if I’m going to help. You should drink that— it’s orange juice, and therefore the best source of nutrients on the face of this earth.”
She breathed out heavily, rolling to the other side of the bed with the blanket clutched to her chest.
“Come inside before you start to frost!” Steve shouted as he pulled his phone from his pocket, frowning at the time. “Why is everyone always late? We told them 7.”
Feet swinging over the edge of the balcony, arms hooked over the railing, and a priceless view of New York City at eighty floors up, Bucky couldn’t complain about living in the Tower with nights like this. It was peaceful, Jarvis playing music through the exterior bluetooth speakers, and nothing to do but look at the lights. Manhattan had perks that Brooklyn didn’t.
The door swung open, unbidden by Nat (though it wasn’t surprising), revealing a disgruntled Tony Stark. “I am very funny and I don’t need your opinion to validate that fact!”
Pietro raised his hand proudly, not even bothering to conceal his pride in his own joke. “That would be me— from what I hear around here it used to be an Agent Coulson, and you’ve stepped up to the plate to fill his shoes.”
“Open is more comfortable,” Peter consented as he shrugged, accepting the outfit. “Who’s next?”
As always, thank you to h34rt11ly for being my beta.
Sam slid down the wall to sit next to Pietro’s pillow. He reached out for the younger man’s hand, nudging at it to wake him up. The darkness didn’t conceal tear-swollen eyes when he blinked awake, unsure of who was there with him.
“Alright, that leaves eight of us, and Peter’s coming back here later for the party— which, for the love of all that is holy, no one tell him. This is a SURPRISE party, remember?” He shot a glance at Clint. “That includes hints, or comments about how great the food will be later. Got it?”
“It will be for the best. Please, do this for her, Barnes,” Pietro begged.
“It’s a perfectly valid suggestion,” Steve huffed, looking no less excited than he had before the faux-mockery. “And I haven’t heard any objections!”
Usually this would be the moment that Wanda would snap off some sort of comment to keep her twin brother in line. Tony waited a moment, expecting her to fill the gap, only to find her covering her mouth in an effort to poorly shroud her giggles. Today, apparently, he had two (well-dressed) pains in his ass to deal with instead of the standard solo perpetrator. Wasn’t it just fitting, considering they hardly acted like twins lately, for them to join forces in order to mock him. Thoroughly exasperated, he turned to Clint and tossed him a pair of keys. “Take your prodigies and get going. Natasha, are you going with them?”
Reference to Alexi: In one of the comic runs, Natasha is briefly married to a KGB spy by the name of Alexi Shostakov, aka Red Guardian.
Steve looked perplexed, wondering why Clint was putting so much stress on dessert, but his hunger was more pressing than this curiosity. “In that case, everyone get your food and drinks. Blame Clint for the amount of food you’re expected to consume.”
“Can Steve come with us?” Nat asked quietly, picking at her cuticles.
“Where are the girls?” Clint asked Steve as he got up in search of a drink.
A new stream of tears had already started to streak down Pietro’s face as he sat up, staring forlornly at Wanda’s door. “All she does is cry. It hurts— god, Sam, it hurts. I don’t need her power… I feel everything she does. But she will not talk. She doesn’t open the door.” His accent was more pronounced than ever, throat grated raw from his own sobs.
“Elijah?” Tony was beaming. “I know it’s 2am, but listen— yes I know. Elijah. I need the jacket Brendon wore for the last premiere.” Steve heard a pause and shifted so he could lean his head back to watch Tony pace in front of the windows. “Yes, the gold brocade. What? Come on, there’s no possible way that was the last one. You and I both know I will pay double.” Another pause and Tony was smirking, shooting Steve a thumbs up. “I expect it before New Year’s Eve. Yes, for a party. Sure, I’ll send Afranco my best. Goodnight.”
Wanda remained there for a moment, enveloped in the the love of her family, still shaking from the cathartic release of her power and emotions. “Clint?”
Tony was suspiciously silent, his mouth set in a hard line as he stood between Bruce and Steve. “JARVIS, activate the mics and speakers.”
“Stop picking on everyone,” Steve called as he stood to pace, noting that it was now five minutes past seven.
“I would not underestimate him,” Pietro agreed mildly. He’d been watching the exchange from an armchair, legs crossed at the ankle and utter amusement painting his face.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, clinking his water with Tony’s glass and tipping it back in a show of support. Tony had tittered about the party late into the night, wondering what constituted as the perfect festive outfit for the occasion. Steve had indulged him, folding himself into an armchair and sketching Tony in various outfits as his boyfriend tore apart the closet.
“Is there going be glitter?” Bucky asked from the deck, the sliding door still open as he tugged his jacket a little tighter around him. “I don’t want to wash any glitter out of my damn hair, Tony!”
“Sure thing. Pop tarts?”
When Peter and Bruce walked into the range, Sam was still puzzling out the errors, looking stumped.
“I have not forgotten,” Wanda murmured as she turned her attention back to the lights. “I only wish the lights did not snuff out the view of the stars.”
She didn’t answer at first, turning to clutch his shirt as she sobbed. Clint looked over the top of Wanda’s head to Bucky, seeing faint burn-like marks around his throat. Medical was going to have a field day if he had to haul Barnes down there like this, but with any luck, the serum would ward that off.
Bruce stepped in front of him, putting a hand on Peter’s shoulder as he shook his head. “I don’t think you understand how proud of you I am for this work. The things you’ve created here with just a framework program I had in place… Peter, it’s incredible. If you keep working, you’ll be able to design this from the ground up yourself.”
Scott stuck his tongue out, ever-childish, but obliged Bucky’s order and downed the last cup of beer on the table. “Come onnnnn team, we’re counting!”
Nat realized she hadn’t thought that far, and that Wanda probably didn’t care if they went to Saks off Fifth or if they went to Bergdorf Goodman.
“I’ll be there in 10 minutes. Sit tight.”
Peter laughed, stepping up to the rack to let Elijah walk him through the options. Presumably not wanting to rock the boat (typical Peter Parker) left him in a combination that Elijah had already put together for him. He disappeared to the bathroom, coming out a few minutes later in a pair of dark jeans, grey sneakers that looked entirely different from Tony’s white ones, a pale blue t-shirt, and a grey pinstriped vest that he was mid-buttoning when Tony swatted his hand away and undid them all.
“When I said we didn’t need to go overboard,” Steve mentioned cautiously as he circled the room and prodded at the strings of tinsel, “I meant we could just give everyone some beer and popcorn while we watched a movie.”
A knock on the glass startled both of them. Their shared reaction to turn towards the door must have been delayed by the early morning hour, only in time to see that Peter was waving as he ambled through the door. “Did I miss my invite to the science club brunch?” He held up a bag of bagels in offering, putting them in the middle of the table as he pulled up a chair.
Wanda bit back a laugh, handing her coat to the consultant and looking back to Nat with a grin. Natasha followed suit, muttering some approximation of thank you to the man as the elevator came to a stop.
“I thank you for that. I’m sure this is fine. Clint?” Steve waved him over, disappearing to put his clothes away.
Clint had done her the courtesy of letting her know he’d be at Tony’s personal shopper meet up, and Natasha had promptly declined Tony’s invite, citing her plans with Wanda as reason enough. Things were less strained overall, but she knew that whole situation was fragile. Truth be told, Wanda’s acceptance had shocked her— they were never fraught, as far as Wanda had led on, but she felt a certain responsibility for breaking apart the first stable place the twins had to call home after Ultron. Pietro wasn’t going out of his way to speak to her, but had seemed neutral at dinner a few nights before.
“I’m so proud of you. Your mom, your dad, Uncle Ben… Peter, they would be proud of you too,” May whispered, stroking his hair for a moment before pulling away and wiping her eyes. The team was at the bottom of the stairs, motioning from behind her that they would meet him in a minute before the majority walked towards the other end of the field. Only Tony stayed, hands in the pockets of his jeans as he waited patiently.
“Tell him I’m glad someone around here can be ready at a reasonable time, and send him after Barnes. I’m going to go check on Steve and get my clothes even on if it’s the last possible nanosecond before we leave.”
“Bots?” Wanda spat, looking disgusted at the word. “You want me to practice my power on another Ultron?”
Wanda's bots are ready for her-- but is she ready for them?
“He’ll still manage, one way or another!” Bucky couldn’t restrain the comment, and he paid for it in having to duck the shoe that Tony threw at him, snagging it in his right hand before it scuffed the wall. There was another knock as he chucked the shoe back to Tony while Elijah made general noises of distress. “Get dressed, Stark, before your ‘stylist’ blows a cork.”
Suddenly one hundred people didn’t seem like that many, and all the of the assembled support in the stadium seating surrounding the football field seemed that much bigger with their eyes all trained on the stage. Peter rubbed his neck, trying to ignore the flush of color to his face as the applause echoed. He couldn’t help glancing up at the assembled Avengers, only to be amazed that they were standing up and stomping their feet louder (or so it seemed) than anyone else. Aunt May, closer to the first row, was wiping her eyes and waving with her own unmatched look of pride. The flushed feeling now reached all the way to his ears, and Peter ducked his head with a coy smile. How had he gone from just a nobody kid from Queens to having this support system, this…family?
“I’ve never had a complaint!” She laughed, tucking his menu into her waist apron. “But if you really don’t like it, let me know and I’ll get you something else.”
“Is ‘something red’ a good answer?” Wanda snorted, picking up a black dress only to tuck it back on the hanger a moment later. “I don’t know. I want to wear something that is unexpected.”
“You need to train with Barnes.”
Wanda hadn’t left her room since the incident in the kitchen with Clint. Three days had passed since then, and Natasha couldn’t stand the environment inside their apartment anymore. Clint had only come home to sleep, making a point to ensure Wanda wasn’t out and about before he did. At any other moment, he was camped in the Tower’s shooting range, never missing a target but feeling no satisfaction in it. Pietro had been sleeping in the hall, his pillow firmly in front of Wanda’s door, as though if he were just there his sister may come around. There was no mistaking the sobbing coming from inside her room, and Nat was exhausted from lack of sleep, spending all night staring at Pietro’s sleeping form and listening to his sister’s sobs. She didn’t have any alternatives left, and she knew there was a risk that Wanda would ever speak to her again for what she was about to do. Still, it seemed like the only way to snap her out of her slump. Stepping out onto the balcony, Nat closed the door before pulling out her phone and dialing the only person amongst the team who might be able to piece Wanda back together.
“We’re going to get some coffee,” Wanda announced as she emerged from her room with Natasha. “We will return with some for you as well, yes?”
Антонина Иванов. Виктория Михайлов. Диана Соколов. These are simply a string of fictional names I pulled from Russian first names combined with surnames.
“Don’t start,” Tony warned as he consented to the white sneakers. “Where are Pietro and Sam, though? They agreed to be here.”
Peter and Pietro dissolved into laughter as Steve’s expression shifted from indignant to bewildered. It wasn’t clear if Steve understood the slang Tony had used or if he had merely reacted to the tone of Tony’s voice, but the specifics weren’t necessary when they cast another look at Steve’s face.
“We have a super-soldier, a serum recipient,” Clint began as he gestured to Steve and Bucky. “Not to mention a young adult with the metabolism of the two of them combined,” a wave toward Pietro, who shrugged in agreement. “And I like food, Tony.”
“Where’s the fun in holidays if I can’t make them extravagant?” Tony laughed as he tapped something on the control panel in the wall. “There. Confetti shower at midnight is set. Consider this your warning.”
Peter and Bruce exchanged a look as Bucky retreated to the elevator, raising a hand  to them before the doors closed, signaling his departure from the conversation. Everything from  this point on was resting on Pietro and Clint’s approval, and Wanda’s agreement. It sounded simple on paper, but neither of them were naive enough to believe that the work anywhere near complete.
“I enjoy face masks. You don’t have to ask me twice.”
Hello all! That was a long update window, and I apologize for that. The updates are going to be a bit sparse once again. I'm a college student, and I'm back in the thick of the semester. Expect updates once a month, with some months having more, and some having less. As an apology for the last chapter being shorter, the gap being longer, and the year getting crazier... Here's my gift to you guys. Enjoy something longer and lighter. As always, thanks to h34rt1lly for being my beta!
“They’re durable and challenging. I know you guys will adjust them, but as it sits, I think they’re working without error and as intended. When Pietro gives you the go-ahead to show them to Wanda, they’ll be ready for her.” Bucky stood and helped the pair to their feet before casting a glance back at the bots. “I think you’ve got a good thing here. But convincing her of that is a whole other battle.”
“I was just coming to see if— NOT THAT. I WAS NOT COMING TO SEE IF YOU WERE NAKED, FOR GOD’S SAKE I—” Tony put his hand over his eyes, leaning on the door frame and trying not to call this entire morning a wash.
Pietro scratched his head as he turned over the menu, puzzling out what he wanted. “What are you getting, Wanda?” His voice grated with lack of sleep. “Clint?”
“I’ve got it!” Steve jumped up so fast he nearly toppled the coffee table, clapping his hands together. “A MOTORCYCLE.”
Natasha smirked as she sidestepped Pietro to stand with Peter, sticking her tongue out at Clint’s befuddled expression. Giving Sam a nod, she nudged Peter to cue posing— he looked largely conflicted about the prospect of a slew of pictures, but obliged by smiling as Sam pressed the shutter. Clint had successfully inched around them, unknown to Peter but (most likely) just being selectively ignored by Nat, he stretched between them and pointed at Sam. Enthusiastic bunny ears went up around Peter and Nat’s heads as Sam struggled to keep a straight face and held up a finger to hold them there for another.
Pietro nodded against Sam’s shoulder, shuddering before he stood up and gathered his makeshift bed. “I need her to be okay. Please help her,” he whispered.
“The interior frame is similar to the way Tony constructed the Iron Man suits, but I decided to go with titanium rather than steel like he did. It keeps it light, and since these don’t need to sustain the same kind of impact damage, it just made more sense. The exterior is made with the material NASA developed for the exterior of the space shuttles, but is enhanced with ceramic alloys to keep it even more durable. Actually, the ceramic alloy enhancement was Peter’s suggestion.”
“Same here, Fury’s given me a pretty extensive list of missions. Luckily, we all get this Saturday off,” Steve tells them with a smile in Tony’s direction.
Tony's arrival complicates things, and everyone's in for a big surprise.
“You promise I’m not in trouble,” she asks clinging onto Tony’s hand trembling just a little.
“First of all chew your food because that’s gross. Secondly you know exactly where we are going so don’t ask, you’ll ruin the surprise.” Tony tells him throwing a wink at Jasmine.
“Because you’re really smart, and you seem nice, also you’re friends with The Tony Stark and you can come and go from the Avengers Tower whenever,” she tells him her hands shooting up when she mentions Mr. Stark.
Bucky crouches down in front of her and takes her small hands in his, “I’m sorry I scared ya,” drawly Bucky head lowered.
The idea of someone like Tony Stark being afraid was definitely a new concept for Jasmine, but she knew that Bucky wasn’t a liar, so it must be true. What could possible be scary about meet a few children? Jasmine knew why she’d be scared because meeting other kids always made her nervous because they usually didn’t like her. However, all the kids here like Tony Stark and this should be easy and fun for someone like Mr. Stark who always had to go to boring press conferences and be yelled at for saving people. Jasmine couldn’t help but wonder what made this so dreadful (a new word she learned) for the Avengers.
“Tony, don’t ruin the moment,” chastises Steve leaning in to kiss Tony again.
We need to save that stuff.
“No way in hell Stevie, just because kids and old ladies fawn all over you doesn’t mean the same for me. I’ll be a Shield doing some training drills,” Bucky tells them causing Steve to sigh. Tony guesses this is a conversation they’ve had before. It was trivial things like this that used to make Tony jealous when Barnes first came to the tower. It seemed like Steve was always around the guy and they were always talking, yet even when they weren’t speaking things just seemed comfortable between them (which was weird because silence drove Tony crazy). It would’ve been enough to make any normal person doubt themselves and their boyfriend. Not that Tony believed that Steve would ever cheat on him, but back then Tony was convinced that Steve was too good for him and deserved better, and honestly you really can’t get any better than a super soldier. So, for the first couple of months while Bucky was getting settle in Tony barely ever left his lab content to just waste away down there. Tony didn’t realize how this was affecting Steve and the rest of the team until Bucky came barreling into his lab one night demanding that Tony checked his left arm because it seemed to be pulling. Which led to a situation where Tony had no choice but to listen to Bucky chew him out about breaking Steve’s heart and how we were both idiots and if I didn’t go see him he’d lock both of us in a room together. Safe to say everything worked out.
“Now don’t crowd her,” Tony mutters leading the girl out of the lab and into the hallway.
"About an hour ago. Friday alerted me that you were on your way back so I decided to make ya some coffee," Steve explains coming to lean on the counter next to Tony. Reaching out a hand and gently placing it on Tony's cheek "You look tired, how about we head upstairs and I'll give you a massage".
“What are you guys talking about?” interrupts Mr. Stark walking back in to the room with the rest of the team a small smile on his face.
“Well she’s already broken into the Tower once without being detected so I decided to be cautious,” says Friday shocking Tony.
However, the statement about Clint who Jasmine knows is Hawkeyes makes her glance up meeting the eyes of the archer crouched above them with a smirk on his face. Jasmine had noted when she first entered the room that he wasn’t there, but Jasmine just assumed he didn’t like parties. Apparently, she was wrong.
Breakfast with the team.
“Wow, you must be super smart,” expresses Jasmine totally forgetting about the game she was playing on her tablet.
With a whoosh her room doors fly open, and Jasmine steps out.
“Super hero training of course what else?” questioned Peter.
“Umm ok Jasmine can you tell me how’d you get here, and what up set you maybe I can help,” says Peter softly trying very hard not to scare the girl. For once he’s actually glad he has such a kind face and voice.
“Wait- Peter you do hero training?” she questioned. Peter was just a really smart kid from school who had an internship why did he need training?
“Yeah, let’s go!” answers Peter enthusiastically. While Jasmine simply nods in response. Not feeling nearly as excited as Peter because she was just too nervous.
Next chapter should have some actual plot happen.
“You’re lost right let me take you back to the other children ok, there’s nothing for you to be afraid of you can trust me,” Peter tells her honestly.
The first few floors of the tower Ms. Potts talked about what type of energy the tower ran on and she also introduced us to Friday who spoke from the walls which Jasmine though was really cool, Ms. Potts said Friday wasn’t a real person but she sounded pretty real to her.
Behind Jasmine the three super spies were still arguing about whether or not hiding on the ceiling was creepy or not. Jasmine was glancing around the room when she meets a pair of familiar brown eyes walking through the doorway. She could feel her heart stop and her jaw drop, because Tony Stark had finally arrived.
“It’s no problem at all Jasmine, besides I actually like this part of the job. Bossing people around and making things perfect. Luckily for you I actually know a thing or two about interior decorating or everything would red and gold.” She giggles to herself. “Don’t worry about a thing. After you finish cleaning up Friday will lead you to the kitchen breakfast is almost ready. Bye.”
Tony had only taken a few steps away before Friday starts taking to him from his ear piece, “Boss, I did a facial recognition scan on the girl you were talking to just now,” she informs him.
"Boss," interrupts Friday "should I have Happy bring the car around?" she questions.
Walking through that double doors that automatically swing open for them because of Friday, Tony is meet with loud laughter and the sound of children playing. Everyone is seeming distracted and already having a wonderful time; for a moment Tony considers just walking back out again, but then he meets a pair of bright green eyes which look almost familiar. Before he can consider where he’s seen them there’s a deafening silence as every eye in the room turns towards him. Guess there’s no turning back now thinks Tony as every child in the room screams and sprints towards him.
“That’s great, she’s going to need to know about it if she’s going to join,” says Tony calmly.
Tony finds Jasmine, and we get a little bit of Stony fluff, but only a little.
Next chapter we'll finally have Jasmine meet the Avengers. After this point the chapters should get longer. Until next week!
“Huh,” mutters Steve right before chaos ensues.
Jasmine nods more to herself than anything before getting up and heading to the large bathroom. Who needs such a huge bathroom?
“Another all-nighter?” questions Bucky opening the fridge and grabbing a bottle of water. His long hair was wet with sweat (eww) and loose around is shoulders and he used his metal arm to pull some strands from his face. Of course, Barnes would know about his other all-nighters being a bit of a night owl himself. Tony didn’t think the guy slept at all really, there’ve been plenty of times where he’d come from a late night out of town or from the lab to find him standing in a corner (being creepy) or watching Disney movies. Not that Tony minded, they had their problems in the past especially once Tony learned about his parents but turns out Bucky is a pretty cool guy not that he’d ever tell him that, he already had one super soldier boyfriend and that was enough.
“This isn’t fair,” mutters Tony breaking away from Steve with a pout “This is the second time in less than a week that you’ve distracted me with affection. Either I’ve gone soft or you’ve gotten better at this.”
After a few minutes of standing back watching the others interact with everyone Jasmine had decided at this point to just stand back and observe because that’s what she was good at, even though she really wanted to talk with someone. She though she was over being shy, but nothing like meeting your heroes to remind you of your insecurities. Jasmine had her hands in her jacket pockets and her hood pulled low as she stood back she was so intent watching everyone interact she didn’t notice someone standing next to her until they spoke.
“Ignore Tony, and please take your time eating. You’re not in any rush and Tony make sure you actually eat something besides coffee,” Steve tells them walking over the kitchen to help Sam.
Luckily I finished planning out this story so things should go smoothly from here.
"I'll make sure I tell him that next time I see him," jokes Steve leaning down to place a kiss on Tony's cheek before walking out the kitchen.
“My names Peter, I’m an intern at Stark Tower. Can you tell me your name?” Peter asks finally setting the girl back on the ground.
Jasmine, Peter, and Tony headout.
Jasmine was surprised that none of the other kids noticed all the commotion going on over here, but a lot of the girls were gathered around Scarlet Witch watching her lift something off the ground with her magic and some of the boys had gathered around Captain America who was showing his shield around the rest of them were raiding the snack table with Thor.
“Hey,” calls the archer jumping down to land beside them “don’t drag me into this I was just watching to make sure nothing went wrong”.
“Umm,” Peter blushes nervously “yeah, I guess so, but I still have a lot to learn,” he tells her.
“Alright Jasmine, welcome to the Avengers Compound. It’s still a work in progress of course, but Peter and the rest of the internship gang usually show up and train together,” Tony tells her taking off his sunglasses.
-Tony-
“Alright, alright, I’m leaving,” mutters Tony knowing that if he doesn’t go see that children he’ll just feel bad about it later, and Steve will give him that kicked puppy look.
“Fine, but I can’t promise you I’ll be good company,” Bucky said with a sigh leaving the room followed by Sam who was on his phone.
“Actually, I was pretty nervous about meeting all of you today and I wasn’t really planning on talking to anyone”, he answers truthfully.
Tony had just started the coffee machine when Steve, Bucky, and Sam walked in from their usual morning covered in sweat. Honestly, thinks Tony only Steve and his crew would willing wake up at the crackass of dawn to go running of all things. Like have any of them heard of sleeping in.
Well that was unexpected.
For the first time ever, Jasmine is surprised to not be awoken by the sounds of other children screaming, but instead she wakes up to the morning sun pouring in through large windows. It’s startling and for a moment Jasmine almost panics before she remembers the events from yesterday.
“Don’t you know better than to flirt with kids you creep?” questions none other than Black Widow standing with her arms crossed behind Bucky. Jasmine didn’t even hear her standing behind them.
Ms. Potts also talked about a new facility they were building other than the tower that would help to train other members of the Avengers. She said it would be finished by the end of the year and she also said if we were really good then we would get to have a tour there as well. Which sounded really awesome to Jasmine, now that’s how you bribe kids.
This chapter is mostly filler with just a bit of exposition. We get a little Stony fluff as well.
He blinks a little surprised before smiling slightly “yep that’s me you can just call me Bucky though”.
“Oh, umm y-yes please.”
Peter had just gotten out of class and rushed to the Avengers Tower because he was already late to the event Pepper had planned. Technically speaking he wasn’t allowed to go as Spiderman however, he could go as Peter Parker an intern at Stark Labs. Who’s says you can’t have your cake and eat it too.
-Jasmine-
"Cut it out you two," calls Natasha stepping into the room and taking a seat next to Bruce to have breakfast.
So, Bucky walking over and talking to the girl was more of a heat of the moment situation, but after talking to her for a little while and hearing just how smart and charming she was he couldn’t help but wonder why she pulled away from her fellow students. Bucky also noted that the girl was insanely nervous and on edge. She kind of reminded him of Natasha in a weird way. Most people wouldn’t notice but Natasha was always looking around and checking her exits; its something ingrained into her after years of experience and always having something to hide. Bucky hopes this tiny girl doesn’t have any mind-blowing secrets to make her that nervous. At first Bucky considered it might be abuse, since it does happen commonly in orphanages, but he knows that Tony and Pepper are always looking into the places they fund and making sure that nothing illegal is happening; plus, the first thing he did before the children arrived was get a file on the teacher from Pepper.
(See the end of the chapter for
After successfully navigating through the Tower with the help of Friday, Jasmine makes it to the large double doors leading into the kitchen and sadly she didn’t feel any less nervous.
“Sorry Tony I didn’t mean to startle you, I was just checking to see if you were awake,” Steve tells him sheepishly. Honestly, how could Tony be mad at a face like that?
When Bucky agreed to come to the meet and greet he wasn’t expecting to enjoy himself or talk to any of the other children. To be fair he wasn’t convinced any of them wanted to talk to him anyways. Being a master of stealth made it easy to blend in undetected, and just observe the chaos of what was once the living room. Sam was bringing in a steady stream of snacks that Thor was eating just as quickly, Vision was laying out some books for the children to take home along with their gift bags, and the rest of the team (besides Clint who was sitting up in the ceiling) were greeting children.
From the corner of his shop he could hear small sniffles there she is. He walks slow and silently in that direction not wanting to frighten the small girl. He walks past DumE who turns towards him, but Tony places a finger to his lips keeping the bot silent. Luckily the other robots were on the other side of the lab or it would’ve been chaos in here, thinks Tony.
"Hey Jasmine," calls Ms. Bean walking over towards where she was sitting at the blue kiddie table. Jasmine, didn't really like the color blue, and would prefer something pink or purple, but last time Jasmine voiced this opinion the older boys poured juice on her head. "Jasmine, remember you only have a little more time on the tablet before it's Lucy's turn," Ms. Bean reminds her causing Lucy to glance up and scowl at her before returning to watching something annoyingly colorful on TV. If she does that one more time, thinks Jasmine refraining from sticking her tongue out.
Peter and Thor meet back up in the living room with the other Avengers who all looked a little worried especially Bucky and Tony.
“Alright let me go grab a photographer and then I’ll be right back,” he tells her standing up from his crouching position. His back was going to hate him tomorrow. Tony nods over to Steve and Bucky silently telling them to keep the girl busy while he finds a photographer that isn’t doing something now.
After that breakfast is relatively peaceful beside a few pieces of food flying across the table when Natasha and Steve weren't looking.
Tony had just finished taking tons of pictures with the kids and was ready to bolt from the scene when Bucky approached.
“Why?” questions Jasmine.
Jasmines felt her jaw drop as all the noise in the room faded away. She couldn’t believe it she was going to meet the Avengers. This is the greatest day of her entire life, that is until she gets to meet the Avengers then it’ll be the second greatest day. Jasmine was so excited she could barely breath let alone speak. She felt really bad actually, her chest was tightening, and she was hyperventilating. The tips of her fingers were tingling, ok she was having a tiny panic attack and she felt this bad because it was affecting her powers as well. Jasmine used to have them all the time when she was being bullies and having nightmare which is why she tied herself down.
As always leave kudos and comments.
She notices Falcon (Sam) at the stove along with Vision cooking breakfast and Hawkeye (Clint) and Natasha leaning casually against the large counter top taking. Glancing over to the left Jasmine sees a separate but attached breakfast nook. Captain America and Bucky were setting the table along with Thor. Antman was sitting at the table swiping some of the finished food and Dr. Banner was having some tea and reading something on his tablet. Not everyone had arrived at breakfast yet, but the mood was very domestic, and Jasmine suddenly felt like she was intruding.
“Y-You’re Mr. Barnes right?” questions Jasmine stuttering a little.
-Tony-
The sound of screams resonates through the room as the other children chase each other playing games of make believe, but Jasmine easily drowns out the sound. She's already completely absorbed into the Youtube video playing through the tablet, the video itself is about two years old and Jasmine is pretty sure that out of the twelve million views at least a million of them are hers. The bright flashes and the loud crashes are familiar to her, as is the dialogue of the person running while filming. It's a common street of New York, one that she personally has never been near but has seen plenty of news reports about. The street itself doesn't matter to Jasmine, but what's on that street is the famous Avengers Tower, well it used to be called Stark Tower at the time of the video. A video title, 'Alien Attack on NY' which is a compilation of many other recorded videos and news reports compiled together into one video that's about twenty minutes.
“No, of course not. What make you say that?” questions Tony trying to keep her calm and talking.
“Anyway, what made you think I was the ‘coolest’ kid in school?” asked Peter smiling a little at the word.
“You’re an amazing role model, and one day I hope you’ll be able to see yourself how those kids see you… how I see you,” Steve tells him leaning in and pressing their foreheads together. “You beautiful, strong, kind, and so very generous, and I love you Tony,” mutter Steve gently pressing a kiss to Tony’s lips.
Crouching down one more time Tony holds out a hand to the little girl “Hey there, I’m Tony what’s your name kiddo?”
Jasmine shifts nervously at that before shrugging her small shoulders. Tony stares at her for a moment before wondering once again why this girl looks so familiar. He hasn’t meet her before, right?
Lunch was always the worst part of any day, in Jasmines opinion, it’s right before naptime for the you the younger kids and everyone is always so rowdy. Nine times out of ten there’s always a food fight breaking out which causes everyone to get in trouble, even though Jasmine never participates (well no one sees her participate). She couldn’t understand why all the other kids thought a food fight was a good idea because all you got was dirty clothes, an early bed time, and no cookies. These kids are crazy.
“Oh, because I’m a hero of course… did I not tell you that” questions Peter staring at Jasmines shocked face.
“Nice work Boss,” Friday tells him through his earpiece. “Steve, Bucky, Peter, and Natasha are waiting for the both of you outside of the workshop.”
“So umm does anybody wanna fill me in?” asks Peter.
Sorry for the wait, but it's over now. Can't wait for the next chapter because that's when things get interesting and who knows maybe spiderman will show up.
“You know Jasmine,” interrupts Ms. Bean “if you went and played with the other kids then you wouldn’t be so bored”.
“Yes Boss, would you like me to open the door?” questions Friday.
“You can go in Jasmine,” Friday tells her softly.
“Alright,” begins Ms. Bean still staring at Jasmine “let’s eat and then get ready for quiet time”.
“Is everyone ready to go?” questions Happy from the driver’s seat.
Jasmine and the rest of the orphanage get an announcement.
-Tony-
Before he could open his mouth to respond, a voice interrupts them "Thanks for stalling him for me Steve, I'll take it from here," says Pepper standing in the doorway of the kitchen looking smug. Still very confused Tony looks back at Steve who's now wearing a similar smug look.
The moment the bus stopped so did Jasmines heart, the small amount of calm she’d felt while on the bus had vanished. Jasmine knew she needed to stay calm because if she looked suspicious then everyone would know she did something was wrong. So with one final calming breath Jasmine takes her first step off the bus and couldn’t help but look up in awe at the tower to finally be able to see it this close was definitely a dream come true. Now all she had to do was not get arrested and everything would be fine.
After a moment Bucky couldn’t help but notice the little girl who stayed back away from the group. She had on a purple hoodie with the hood up and if Bucky didn’t know any better he’d think she looked suspicious, but she was probably just nervous. Truthfully, he wasn’t planning on going over and talking to her at all, but the longer he watched her the worse he felt. Bucky understood what it felt like to not fit in and be uncomfortable in your own skin. The looked to only be around nine or ten years old, and being left out at such a young age must be awful. He could tell just by looking that the other children didn’t care about her at all which pissed Bucky off.
Jeez, he sure knew how to look like a kicked puppy, now Tony knew where Steve got it from. As if sensing Tony thinking about his Steve walks closer and places a comforting arm around Tony’s waist.
Until next time!
Which makes Jasmine both smile and blush “I-Um I’m Jasmine and it’s nice to-um meet you B-Bucky,” stutters Jasmine a little embarrassed at her own terrible speaking skills.
“Boss,” interrupts Friday.
“All right let’s make a deal Elsa, if you agree to attend the tour then I promise I won’t have Friday pull the fire alarm to cut it short,” Tony tells Bucky with a smirk.
Peter had just gotten to the ninth floor when his spidey-senses started going off. Before he had a chance to figure out where the danger was coming from a small girl appeared out of nowhere and crashed into Peter almost sending them both toppling down the stair case. Luckily Peter was able to catch her just in time. Hehe, just another day in the life of a superhero Peter thinks to himself.
Before Jasmine could have a total meltdown because of her situation there’s a knock at her room door before she could respond the door slides open and in walks Pepper Pots holding some clothes.
This was just a quick update because I haven't updated in a while, expect another one next week. You'll be introduced to more characters, and we'll have some more stony moments!!!
-Peter Parker-
(See the end of the chapter for
That’s right, Jasmine thinks to herself she’s at the Avengers Tower. She honestly felt like throwing up; what was she supposed to do now? Where was she supposed to go? Was there someone she needed to talk to, or maybe some forms to fill out? Jasmine couldn’t help but fill both confused and overwhelmed by these strange events.
Jasmine was actually enjoying herself for the first time in a while.
“Anyway,” interrupts Natasha stepping forward, “what do you think Jasmine? Do you want to stay here?”
“Don’t you want to play with the others?” asks a deep but quiet voice beside Jasmine causing her to startle and glance up. The first the she sees is a arm, but not just any arm but a metal on glistening in the light of the room. Slowly but surely Jasmine can feel her excitement rising as see meets the metallic blue of Bucky Barnes eyes.
When he walks to the door it opens automatically showing for worried faces.
The girl shakes her head slowly still trembling in his arms/
Being nervous wasn’t Jasmines only reason for staying away she’s also scared of being recognized by Tony Stark and possibly getting in trouble.
“Been watching a lot of My Little Pony huh?” questions Tony causing Steve to glare, “I’m kidding and you’re right of course”. Steve simply rolls his eyes before coming to give him a tight hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Actually, tell him to take the rest of the day off. I can make it back on my own," Tony grins as he picks up his red and gold suitcase. Flying home is a lot better than driving, and if he gets home quick enough he can lock himself in his lab before Pepper makes him do more work.
“That doesn’t apply when the person you’re meeting is actually a good person. We’ve all got skeletons in the closet, but it shouldn’t matter when we’ve all save the world. The past doesn’t define a person their actions do,” says Steve calmly.
At this point Jasmine was pretty sure she was just seconds away from having a heart attack. Being this close to the Tony Stark was a dream come true, but she was still scared to get any closer choosing instead to stay where she was before next to the bickering spies. Despite assuring herself many times that she didn’t need to get any closer to Mr. Stark she couldn’t help the longing look she kept casting back. Also, she still hasn’t had the opportunity to meet Captain America or Thor both of which were swaddle around the billionaire.
“Just happy to see you upright.” His tone was soft, hand scratching at his facial hair as she waved him off. “I’ll make that call.”
Scott wrapped the towel around his waist, grimacing as a glob of frosting fell from his hair onto the floor. “This will take weeks to wash out, Barton. Weeks!” Eyeing the table of food, Scott raised an eyebrow at Tony. “The entertainment charges a fee— food, a robe, and a game of beer pong.”
The title of this chapter is from an Against the Current song of the same name.
“You didn’t think you’d get to hit a major life milestone, your first one with this team, without a celebration did you?” Clint crowed.
“I almost killed him, Clint,” she wailed.
The man that Tony was referring to as Elijah turned out to be the tattooed one Bucky had noted upon entry, and it didn’t make him any less uncomfortable. “Elijah, you are…?”
Sam and Pietro did a double-take on the extra body before settling on opposing arms of the sofa to watch the show. “What did we miss?” Sam nodded to Elijah, who was currently chasing Tony into the bathroom down the hall. “Didn’t know we got a new team member.”
“Pietro, I think we need to have another discussion about announcing your presence,” Clint grumbled.
“For a week, it would seem, if it takes as long as Peter and Dr. Banner predicted. I do not mind. I am very tired.”
“What the hell kind of safe word is pineapple?” Clint shouted back.
“Yes, I told Wanda she needs to plan for 3-7 days off. It depends on how our reconfigurations go with the fight patterns.”
Enjoy the chapter! Thank you for reading. <3
“Tony, Steve, get over here,” Nat called, nonchalantly kicking Clint in the shin as she spoke. “Preferably before I have to use force.”
She nodded, pulling her knees from under her to stand. “I will go. I-- I just needed you to know, James.”
Steve didn’t put up a fight, taking the first thing Elijah handed him: a black jacket, white shirt, black slacks, and grey suede shoes.
“Come on, Peter— you’re going to be late for your own party,” Steve winked and gestured for him to follow, slipping his hand in Tony’s as they headed to the car.
“Tell me, therapist,” she snapped, “do you think my depression merely ended after time passed? Do you think that so many people dying at my hands got any easier?”
“Something you two geezers want to share with the class?” Before the day’s end he was surely going to burst a blood vessel.
They spent forty minutes surveying the racks, pulling things out to tote to the dressing room (with no piece limit to hinder their pursuits) until Natasha felt satisfied that the options in the store were exhausted. The first few things Wanda tried on— a pink skirt with a white chiffon top, a yellow floor-length gown, a green dress with a long train— were all immediately shot down. Wanda looked uncomfortable, shutting the door with a sigh after the third dress.
Nat was a creature of habit, gravitating toward black in most of her choices. Eventually, she settled on a halter dress that was dip-dyed red on the bottom, flowing and comfortable with a slit in the leg that would show off a pair of heels. Wanda assured her it was beautiful, complimenting her skin tone and not competing with her hair. As Nat handed her card to Geoff, she had to hold her breath to savor the look on Wanda’s face. The excitement was blatantly clear, and it felt like they had their footing once again.
