“I should have warned you, but you did insist,” John giggled, sweeping a hand through Sherlock's hair, petting and combing and fluffing. “You don't ever have to do it again. - I like the idea of rubbing it into your chest more anyway... making you smell like me...”
Sherlock could have fought him, denied him, twisted himself free, yet he held still with greedy impatience, perspiration running down his face, his neck, and beading in shimmering, quivering droplets down his strained back. John was met with a slight, firm resistance when he nudged further forward, the tight slide of their coupling obscenely loud, but all too soon Sherlock bared down to take him, to permit himself to be impaled, and John was bumping into him, inch by inch. It made his mind reel. It forced his eyes closed. It ignited a ravenous urge deep within.
to eat. Can eat virtually continuously, if they’re over zealous with the vast amount you offer. You need to make sure not to overfeed him. Make sure he doesn’t eat too much.”
Sherlock gave a small nod, stroking Orion’s neck, back, and then up under his chin, grinning when he tilted his head to lick and playfully chew on his fingers, “He’s beautiful…”
Scoffing, Sherlock rolled his eyes to look away, though didn’t argue the case, “You don’t want to kiss me.”
“It’s suppose good that he’s heard, and been around, other dogs,” Sherlock murmured as Orion began to strain at the lead, sniffing toward a huddled couple who were walking their way. One of them was a cancer survivor. “Socialisation is important. I would be a little worried if he hadn’t had
my type. Got a lovely arse on you too, while we’re on the subject,” John teased lightly with a small, brief smile, hoping his relaxed posture and spreading hands would calm Greg down. Put him more at ease with the idea. Just the idea. At least for now. “And you deserve sexual fulfilment as much as anyone. And I think between the two of us--” He motioned at Sherlock then himself. “--We can keep you satisfied. - Plus, you and I can gang up on Sherlock—”
“It’s been two weeks and four days since my last case. Is there nothing?” Sherlock asked him with a frown, feigning ignorance. “I’m at my wit’s end. - My website, my email, are full of morons with lost pets or deceiving partners. Tedious little things that would be over in an instant if they just
!” Greg announced, pulling out some handcuffs and giving them a wave. They clacked and jingled, catching the light with a frisky gleam. “How many times must you steal these?--”
Sherlock scoffed and loomed into his personal space, threw open John's coat, yanked his shirt from his trousers, and reached down to tug up a very worn looking waistband, “
…” A few tears escaped, glinting in the low light as they clung to his lashes, then fell, rolling down his cheeks to dangle and slip from his chin to paint his chest with a shimmer. "Always."
, I think. Makes you question and ponder things you might not have ever even considered before,” Greg assured him in a whisper, patting Sherlock’s naked back with a fond amusement when he rolled onto his side, fussed in complaint, and pushed his face into John’s chest. “Even this kind of thing. Weirdly.”
this? What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, feeling his hair stand up with a flush of prickling heat. The sight of John’s pink tongue wetting the skin of his mouth a dizzying turn on. It always had been. Sherlock would very often curse that tongue of his. “Are you...is this an
expected,” Greg said in mirth, watching after Sherlock as he chose that moment to discourteously shuffle away through the kitchen, disappearing down the short corridor to his bedroom without even a glance back. “Can’t believe he waited for you to come back, all angry with how late it was, because he demands to get
John kissed the words from Sherlock's lips, locking them away inside him to keep forever and skimmed his hand down Sherlock's sides, across his waist, crisscrossed them along his pelvis, rubbed them into his hips, until he finally brought them, caressed them, central to take hold of his cock, wrapping one around it and carefully, slowly, stroking it from root to tip. He pulled Sherlock's foreskin over the sticky, glistening crown before he twisted his hand and pulled it back down, glacier slow and without haste, feeding on Sherlock's reactions, on the feel of him in his hand.
making eyes at me?” he gasped when John disconnected their mouths and bumped their noses and brows together.
She sent him a warning glare but sat down in her own chair close to her present, “You’d best watch yourself young man, or there won’t be
,” John acknowledged with a snorting giggle, glancing down at himself again and pulling the fabric taut to try and fix things, only making it more distorted, more stupidly hilarious. “I bet Sarah didn't expect this outcome when she bought it...”
. The aforementioned ‘dog themed gifts?’” Sherlock asked around his remaining mouthful as he gave them a once over, rubbing his hands together in teasing act of glee.
… no it's – fine. It's fine. I, um, I might as well. Because you'll just... sneak up on me when I least expect it,” John told him, knowing his anxious movements said otherwise. He'd chosen then. Perhaps he'd already decided before he'd left the shower? Even so, he couldn't help but worry that this was a truly terrible idea, that all of it was terrible. He was terrible. What was this? What were they? When would his ridiculous feelings for Sherlock subside and break him, break them, make it all explode into jagged, agonising pieces? Why would he quit this? Shoving all thoughts to one side, John took a deep breath, knowing he was going to regret it all when things went sour, when he was left with nothing, and opened his robe, standing there in the traditional flasher pose, showing Sherlock his pants. His stupid elf pants.
“I'm not… I'm just – adventuring around your face, as you did to mine,” John whispered, flushing at his own words and remaining still, only partly aware of his thumbs as they stroked up and down Sherlock's spine, keeping a steady rhythm. “You annoy me too… but it doesn't change anything either. For what it’s worth.”
"Right..." John mumbled, his head throbbing along with his racing heart. "Indecent. Yes, that's probably the correct word for all of this..."
Frustrated, confused, and feeling like a complete idiot of a human being, filled to the brim with nonsensical contradictory thoughts, he did what he usually did in a tricky situation. He had a wank.
“You’d do no such thing, you love giving me dessert, even when I don’t deserve it,” Sherlock shot back and held out his hands, flexing his fingers impatiently. “Give me mine then.”
John’s hands suddenly came into view, covering his own quivering ones and Sherlock found him crouched before him, an understanding, if flustered and confused, smile greeting him, “You’re welcome,” he said, his cheeks a bright pink, “but, uh, yeah, a little… a little much.”
Inhaling his own saliva in shock, John coughed and snorted through his nose, holding his cards to his chest, “
Trapping hold of John’s digits with his, Sherlock sighed, “Should I apologise for whatever it was I said to make you angrily power walk?”
this game,” Sherlock seethed, tapping his foot angrily against the rug and clenching his toes. “Fine. Ask your stupid, silly, unnecessary, irrelevant, waste of time question.”
“You'll like this one...” John promised, then pulled back and unceremoniously rammed Sherlock's legs down, watching him scramble to right himself on his feet, their cocks bumping awkwardly with a moist slap. He untangled their limbs and left Sherlock, naked, dazed and wanting to walk towards his bedside table. John could feel Sherlock's eyes on him the entire way, felt them burning holes into the back of his head, and so he took his time retrieving his bottle of lube, and a strip of condoms, casually, sternly looking back at him. “Turn around, face the wall. Put your hands on it and spread your legs.”
John shifted, resting more of himself against Sherlock, feeling the need to say something, say many somethings, "...We could...
… but I work with the po – police.” He hiccuped, belched, and fought quickly not to vomit. “Wi' my friend.”
Sherlock shot him an annoyed look, lips ticked up on a brief, gentle smile as John removed his fingers, “The moon is needed as much as the sun,” he told him, keeping his tone low, the sound of Bach still surrounding them in the still night air. “You can’t be dull. You know how much I despise dullness. I won't have it. You have to be more to attract me. To keep me coming back.” Though his words were arrogant and laced in confidence, Sherlock’s expression of morose didn’t change, only his eyes shifted, sparkling for a second with a familiar energy. "I dismiss anything below my standards."
,” he replied, holding back the next few curt words and holding his smile in place. How else did she expect him to carry everything, on his head?
John just rolled his eyes with that fond smile and continued to massage his leg for a few moments more before trying to stand himself. He ended up leaning on his other leg while he shook the recovering one out though and used Sherlock as an aide. It felt good to be John’s support, as it always did, and he stroked a few fingers over his knuckles with fond contentment.
“... So it’s an embarrassing gift?” Sherlock murmured and began to smirk, holding out his hand with impish delight. “Let’s see then.”
A muffled whimper shook through him in return and Sherlock immediately clutched at him, legs buckling as he took a step forward. John kicked him back by the shins and pinned Sherlock up against the wall with a surge of boiling, churning passion, unsure if it was more anger or arousal that fuelled his movements. It felt good to slam Sherlock back, to crush into him, to feel the thin, taut material of his shirt and the hard, round mounds of the struggling buttons against his naked, burning torso. He knew that this was slightly 'not good,' but John also knew that Sherlock was adept at martial arts and could fight back, could push him away if he truly wanted to stop and John would drop this whole situation.
personal matters. You said something to him at the pub and you think he was teasing you or—” He followed when John wrenched away. “
, fades. I have never known when enough will be enough. When you might find you actually don’t like me at
“Go on then,” John said as Orion came back, growling around the stick while John went to tug at it. The dog huffed and snarled in play at their tug of war before he released it and sat for John to pet his head, stumbling over his own feet when the stick got thrown again.
idea,” Sherlock retorted in defence as he shuffled off to the side, flexing his own legs and surging up to his feet, smoothing the kinks from his trousers, shirt and jacket.
As he stared, Sherlock looked back at him from under a floppy quiff of hair and quirked an eyebrow, mouth pursing in immense displeasure, “You were supposed to be back
? Were they on our street? In the park? - I don't want to hear any more Christmas songs. I am going to go
“After what we’ve done, I’d say my virginity is on it's way out. - If it's not done with already. I suppose it depends on who you ask. Some consider loss of virginity to include oral sex, anal sex or mutual masturbation, after all...”
...” he stammered, choking on a shocked and uncertain laugh, yet the emotion on his face, the reaction of his features, a reaction reflected in his widening pupils, contradicted the anxious façade. He looked at John, then Sherlock, then John again. “Me?
,” he said, getting more and more curious the longer he stared at John. “But things that I like are not small…nor something that you know unless I tell you, and I
“Then I might have had to knock your heads together,” she said, reaching into the pile of torn paper for a hidden present. “Who wants to open the last one?”
, whether she has clean feet or not. It'll be just our luck we end up with bird flu,” John griped, putting a bunch of bananas on the side, as far away from the turkey as possible. “So… what
John's cock ached and leaked against his thigh, tight and hot with ardour, but he ignored it, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock, trying to commit everything to memory as he tickled against Sherlock's prostate, careful not to overwhelm. A trickle of pre-come dripped down the curve of Sherlock's abdomen and hip, caught in the periphery of his gaze. John wanted to clean it with his tongue, wanted to suck and swallow at Sherlock until he was gasping, pleading, begging for relief. Wanted to throw himself on the body under him and partake, relish, and enjoy. Though he didn't. John needed to be in control to ensure Sherlock got what he desired. What he needed.
“Don’t be mean to him,” Sherlock huffed, stroking his soft head and softer ears, accepting a lick to the cheek when he bent closer down. “Ignore John’s nasty, loud, inappropriate tone. He has
Sherlock hummed huskily, “Mixture of bad and good then, this spot in specific?” he asked, working on it with more determination. "Right... here... is it? Just
“Information?” John suggested, casually standing up to retrieve the cards and open it to count the, checking they were all there and giving his hands, his eyes, something to do. “Loser... answers a question?”
Sherlock glanced at the limp, small, length of his penis, and the peeking of his pinked glans from the delicate foreskin, “... Yes,” he answered after some deliberation, breathing calmly and looking as if he might drop off to sleep at any moment. John knew better, of course. Sherlock was tired, mentally exhausted from deluge of emotions that continued to course through him, yet he wouldn’t sleep. Not yet. Not until they’d finished their established method.
“Because one look at you and everyone thinks we're shagging!” John hissed, attempting to gesture with both hands and almost showing himself before he recovered clumsily, feeling another lick of roasting embarrassment. “Which is fine! But I either wish we
,” Sherlock chastised with a quickly formed frown and reached down to take the bird in his hands quickly with an efficiency that came from experience, picking it up and tucking it under his arm like it was nothing more than a fashionable clutch bag. “It is - as I’m sure you are well aware because you aren’t
,” John groaned under his breath. This was actual torture. This was against the Geneva conventions of cruelty. Not only did Mrs Hudson now, apparently, have a friendly relationship with his boss, his ex, but apparently they had discussed the size of his pants, the amount he had, and his constant need to fix his testicular positioning. He hoped the earth would swallow him whole. He wanted to disappear. Wanted to leave. “Thanks.
John hummed and shifted his head so their cheeks were pressed together and Sherlock could feel his breath against his ear, the heat of his cheek, smell his scent, while John’s arms wound around him, pulling him closer, “We have
too long, and I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I hated it and threw up all over his fancy fur rug. All right?”
, and if... if something changed or went wrong or... if certain things ended up not being anything at
John hummed, brushing those dependable, safe fingers against Sherlock’s scalp and rubbed his back again, “Do you want me to get you some water?”
“I would be broken,” John whispered in a harsh, strangled wheeze, meaning every utterance. He could feel every atom in his body tearing apart at the thought of a life without Sherlock in it. “I
Sherlock avoided eye contact with John, face stupidly heating at her words, whether she meant them how he heard them or not, “
Sherlock lingered at the bottom of the stairs as John opened the door and stepped out, “Yes…” he breathed to himself, distant barking echoing through his head as he took a few breaths and pushed himself onward, locking up and sliding in beside John.
considered sex?” Sherlock retorted with a haughty sniff and a defensive straightening of his spine. He waved a swift quivering hand towards John in mocking and pointed at the hard, jutting line of his erection, which John was very unsuccessfully concealing. John felt embarrassment scorch his skin in response. “And I thought you
Sherlock eyed the collection, a mottled flush covering most of his body now, and hesitated, a tremor running through him, “Or… or what?” he asked, lifting his chin and licking his lips, giving John a searching, challenging look. "What if I don't want to do as you tell me? I... I only take my orders from competent, intimidating, controlled, disciplined, and... and..."
Hesitating for just a moment, Greg glanced at Sherlock’s grimacing flushed face and perspiring brow for several studying seconds, before he rearranged him on the pillows and swooped down with a long, gravelly breath against Sherlock’s wet, parted lips, “Do you want it, you greedy boy?” he whispered, not having the time to really be satisfied with the imploring moan as Sherlock arched up for him.
fascinate. You fascinate me daily,” John promised, letting his thumb trail up to Sherlock's hairline and then back down to the corner of his mouth, “You're the most brilliant, wonderful – often frustrating - person I've
“Yes, thank you dears,” she said, setting the bowls on the side with a knowing smile. “Don’t forget to bring the ice cream and custard!” With that she disappeared back into the dining room again.
“Oh, yes,” the landlady said, moving the cracker from it and holding it out for John to place two nice slices of the duck.
would he want to date again?” Sherlock asked with a frown, looking at John and shifting. “You would want to date again?—
"I want to build you up, and up, and up, and up... and then I want to tip you over and watch you soar.
Patrick Blackett was an experimental physicist who made a major contribution to WW2 advising on military strategy and developing operational research. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1948.
"The first is that, regardless of modern distaste of the inclination, I am indeed an invert. I do not and will not consider it a perversion or a moral failing, and I request that you never again speak of it to me in such abhorred terms. What one man may do or feel with another is of no consequence of anyone other than of the parties involved. I will not accept being told it is shameful or unnatural, or that it makes one socially or morally inferior as a result, and I beg that you do likewise. If it is too your nature, as you have so alluded, then I will not have you think of yourself as being perverted, detestable, or abominable.
"Keep them if you like," the doctor said, following his gaze. "You can add them to the fire when we get back."
Returning the violin to under his chin, he paused before then raising the bow. The notes were hesitant at first, but grew bolder with a subsequent down-bow.
He heard the words, he stared at the earnest, open face, he ran through everything he knew about this man and then slowly he nodded.
"This was your fall back," he said slowly. "The solution to your final problem. You knew coming back here wouldn't be easy, but you did it anyway, because you knew that regardless of everything you had a plan."
Of course he was to make himself at home and so could make use of anything around, including the bookshelves, but he had declined to do so as of yet - there was plenty of time for that, seven days in fact.
The package was rectangular in shape, too shallow to be a watch box, too big to be cufflinks or a tie pin, too thin in be a necklace.
Board Game: Mahjong – Mahjong is a tile-based game which was developed in China in the Qing dynasty. Similar to the card game rummy, Mahjong is a game of skill, strategy, and calculation and involves a degree of chance. It is commonly played by four players, but there are two player versions of the game. Mahjong is particularly popular in Hong Kong, where it is also cited as one of the reasons for Hong Kongers being the longest-lived people in the world. It strikes me as a part of Hong Kong culture Mycroft would embrace while he is there; tea and Mahjong.
The breath against his neck was warm, the hand against his cock cool in contrast to his overheated skin. Blindly he turned his face, seeking further connection, and then their lips were meeting again, gently, almost lazily, and everything felt so good, so right.
“Right time, right place. It’s not that hard and it doesn’t even need to be him. One of the other players could have slipped it in. Or a ball boy. Or one of the stewards. No, getting it in is easy. He could have had it sent here, or passed on officially, but he decided to do it the sneaky way. This is a message. He wants me know that nowhere is safe, not from him. That and the fact he hasn’t forgotten. He thinks he owes me, for Toronto, for all the other things. He’s reminding me that regardless of how high I get, he will always be able to make me fall.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied pulling away to sit up and then stand up. “But not today. Today is for your birthday.” He reached down to pull John to his feet. “And I’ve found just the place and the table is booked for just over the hour, so you should probably go and change. Car will be here soon.”
A dozen questions all clambering around his mind fighting to escape; where to start, what to say? Who was he? What happened to him? Do I remind you of him?
"Now, tell me," the doctor said, joining him at the table, "have you ever played a game called Tafl?"
The cottage was welcomingly warm. The doctor had taken the time to add new wood to the open fire before venturing out after him. He had also thrown a towel over the drying rack to warm while they were out. It was all annoyingly thoughtful.
"Look through," the doctor said. "Someone else should remember him too. I'll be downstairs if- well, I'll be downstairs."
“Zhi Zhu, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu, Watson volley, Zhi Zhu goes for the lob and a beautiful smash there from Watson. He took his time, lined himself up, and smashed the ball to where Zhi Zhu couldn’t get to it.”
"I promise you that," the doctor continued. "I'm not going to lie, I want us to be sexually intimate, but I'm not going to force you. Understand? I'm not going to rape you. I'm not even going to touch you without your permission. Okay? And I'm certainly not going to kill you. Do you understand?"
The doctor was utterly perplexing, especially as he appeared completely sincere about it. He had tried to escape and now he was being treated to steak?
"You don't know what it's like. To live feeling as if you're missing something. It's not living. It’s barely existing. Trying to find something to fill that hole within you. But this,
Home Counties: the counties of England that surround London, generally referring to Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex, but can also include Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Hampshire and Oxfordshire due to their proximity to London and their connection to the London regional economy.
Opening his eyes, he found John looking up at him, even as his own right hand was curled around the nape of the doctor's neck, his left bunched in the doctor's jumper at the base of his spine. As controlling as the clasps were, the doctor neither showed concern nor moved to break the hold.
Sherlock looked at him, really looked at him. Had it been anyone else he might have considered them to be at least partially lying, but there was no deception in the doctor's face, no fallacy in his posture. Lies or no, the doctor honestly believed what he was saying.
Sherlock’s curls were soft as they slipped soothingly through his fingers. The high of their matches had faded, leaving them sprawled on the sofa drowsy but sated. Sherlock had been right about dinner, they would have had time to go out after the sex, but that would have meant moving and making themselves presentable to the wider world. In the end it had been an easy mutual choice to order room service and stay where they were.
There were no games that evening. Instead, Sherlock browsed the bookshelf while the doctor read through the copy of The Sunday Times he had bought while out. It was... nice.
We agreed to drive round after luncheon during which I probed my companion for further details of the man while making it sound more of curiosity than anything else. Inside, however, an excitement had gripped me leaving me anxious to discover just what sort of a man this Sherlock would be.
He looked down to see the slight frown on the doctor's face, the way the lines deepened and his eyes jumped, searching for answers. It felt good, to know that regardless of the circumstances, the doctor cared enough for him to want it to be the best experience possible, but that wasn't what he wanted right now. What he wanted was
Sherlock huffed and clenched his jaw at another onslaught of shudders, “Th-the weather is a force of nature, John. There is hardly a s-set pattern to such forces. They merely happen and whatever—”
John gave his fingers a squeeze, conceding to the point, "Very true. And those decorations on Oxford Street are
...sorry…” Fumbling back, Sherlock slipped on the fallen papers and crouched quickly to gather them up, fingers shaking as he tried to gain back control, failing to properly stack everything back together, bending the dog photo slightly. “Th-thank you. It’s...I...I...I don’t know exactly how you...you...but I…”
Slumping against the wall, Sherlock took a few shaky, inhales and glanced down at himself, drawing John’s eyes to the very obvious damp, dark patch at the front of his creased dress trousers, visible even in the low light, “These are quite expensive…” he said in a low complaining tone, the only sentence he’d been able to structure so far without stuttering. Sherlock reached down, seconds away from touching, but then must have thought better of it, as he rubbed at his thighs instead with a cough, fingers curling self-consciously. "I only just bought them last weekend--"
"Yes please," John said as he slowly pulled him closer. Orion, who had looked up at his name, was now looking at Sherlock with open curiosity and a hint of nerves, nose snuffling and searching.
Ignoring the doubt, the fear, the heartbreak of the future, Sherlock nodded and slid his hand in John’s, “As I’ll ever be.”
“I don’t know,” John shrugged. “My dad named him, so it might have been, though I know Gladstone was the name of one of our Prime Ministers.”
Sherlock snorted at the compliment but looked at him, his expression open and amused, “Give me your hand, you
John didn’t respond verbally, merely let him rest there, comforted, he knew, by his body heat alone. There was no need for anything else, not yet. Sherlock needed company and space simultaneously. Needed John to be there, whilst also being distant enough to allow Sherlock the time he needed. Time before the desire for more ultimately grew, as John knew it would. There would be no outward sign to it, though John would know it as if it was a physical being that tapped him on the shoulder. Like a voice would whisper what Sherlock wanted into his ear. John knew and he would willingly supply.
John blushed up to his hairline and gave an equally awkward smile, beginning to giggle, “We're such bloody idiots,” he snorted, pulling Sherlock in for a messy and oddly positioned kiss. “I couldn't not love you, you massive arse. Why would I want anyone else when you're here?”
,” John admitted rapidly, not wanting to get into anything else and finding it better just to get the fact he was difficult to buy for out in the open. He gave a half shrug at Sherlock's replying fluttering blink of confusion. “Whether to buy you a gift or... well, or not. - I know it's late-ish, but I
Grimacing, Sherlock gave a jolting nod, "I suppose 'worried' encapsulates it in it's simplest form, yes."
. - And the whole point to this was to give you some pleasure. To... banish that mood of yours and—”
other things. I realise you’ve been struggling with this, but I thought you…” Sherlock stumbled to a stop in the corridor and turned to face John, leaning against the wall with a narrowed gaze. He was still shivering and wouldn't look John in the eye, just stared resentfully at his shoulder. “What is it
“Top drawer,” John directed and wiped his hands on his jeans as he climbed off the bed, itching to strip.
that. - Please, Sherlock, just... just try and... try and understand it from my point of view. Try to get how difficult this is. How much is on the line and how it would--” John sighed sharply and curled his fingers into Sherlock's shirt, wanting to take it off and press their torsos together, to be naked with him. "I don't want to lose this.
"We'll have to make sure we know who's feeding him then, or we might overdo it," he replied, tilting his head to the side as they leaned closer still.
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows and then blinked, leaning back in surprise, unsure if he liked how easily John had tricked him, had shocked him, had gone behind his back for so long without his knowledge, “Oh. She was in on it, was she? I should have known.”
John grinned at the back of his curly head, “Oh I can definitely reach, don't worry about me,” he replied and opened the lube to drizzle between Sherlock's buttocks, soaking with the liquid before pushing his fingers between his cheeks again. His other hand reached up to grab at Sherlock's hair, pulling his head and shoulders back in a curve. “Mm. Good job you're flexible.”
“That’s preposterous and you are being absurd,” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes, tugging the jumper more tautly down against John’s torso.
“Okay…” Greg whispered, once again flitting his eyes to Sherlock while leaning in. John tried to convey a calmness he didn’t feel and cradled the warm side of Greg’s throat, letting shaking lips press, timid and light against his own.
you with my deductive reasoning and mutual understanding to the addiction of adrenaline, that we both crave on a daily basis…” He ignored Mrs Hudson’s rolling eyes and fiddled with his cuff. “The moment we met I felt a...
asking for lists. Christmas lists, birthdays lists, shopping lists. You are told what is necessary, what is wanted, what others would like, what they think they need, and you pick and choose what to get them from that knowledge, written and gathered alike,” Sherlock pointed out with a scoff. “It’s rare you know
consider yourself married to your work, or was that just something to stop me asking stupid questions?”
Sherlock pushed a quick, small, but rather tender kiss to John’s ear and sat back, finally beginning to actually rub the lotion, or oil, into his skin with kneading, digging, pressing fingers. It hurt. Hurt in the best possible way. John hadn't had a massage since his last physiotherapy session, hadn't the money or the inclination to seek it out again, though he knew he needed it. Had been told to try and keep up some sort of muscle treatment. “Tell me if I hurt you…”
“Praise kink?” Greg snorted as he took a seat at Sherlock’s naked hip, still not looking down but keeping eye contact, a building smug, mischievous expression coming over his face. “I
“Yes… I… yes…” he slurred in response, cock still twitching roughly from where it was trapped and squeezed against John’s stomach, still faintly pulsing out oozing droplets of liquid heat. “
“And I’ve been calling him Orion for the past… well, month almost,” John said as he finished off his plate and sat back in his chair.
“Surprisingly so,” John admitted with a sigh and nod, wincing at the acceptance. “They're... supportive too. More than they have any right to be.”
!” he whinged, pushing his palm harder and harder over John’s lips when he let the song continue, even through being smothered by Sherlock's sweet-smelling hand. The force at which John was stifled knocked the both of them into a wall, something Sherlock took full advantage of, pinning John in place with his hips, his legs, to huff at him angrily. “Stop. No more.”
…” he mewled around a wet, shivery brittle gasp, tears falling down the sides of his face as he arched his head back. John continued with a comforting hush, thrusting and pressing and probing first one finger, then two, then three, feeling the prickle of sweat cascade over his scalp and down his back. Sherlock took it, as he always did, rocking very slightly and letting out small, quiet sounds of mounting pleasure under his breath, held back only by his tongue as his lips parted. "Mm, yes."
!” Sherlock groused through gritted teeth, lifting his head, face and neck blotchy. “I had to wait and I am
“Er, yeah. Normally you tell everyone to shut up," John replied with a humourless, short laugh, looking at where his hand was now hovering. Midway between delving back into Sherlock's tempting hair or dropping back to the headrest. "I... I didn't hurt you or anything, did I? I didn't mean to tug or whatever it was that I may have done… even if it's... not... uh... any sort of pulling--”
The song circled in his head, playing on a loop, and he washed to the beat of it, scrubbing utensils and cutlery and sharp glinting knives. Some of the knives, the implements, weren't made for making or eating food, but John washed them anyway, trying not to cut himself on the dangerous edge of an already bloodied scalpel. It didn't bother him much anymore. He always washed everything with a few dabs of bleach and he'd seen the array of items that Sherlock had to play with, items that were either borrowed or bought through elusive contacts. They were professional and expensive and wholly unneeded in John's opinion. What would Sherlock need a Beavertail burnisher? More to the point, how did John know what one of those were on sight now?
, yes. Both. Of course. That’s completely understandable, I suppose. Especially with the puppy. How he’ll react to me –
“...I should do this more often,” Sherlock commented a few moments into it, when John was limp and shuddering, somehow caught between overwhelming relaxation and sharp, building arousal. “You have a lot of knots. And some ribs are out of place just a tad…”
Sherlock blinked, looked him up and down, and then burst out laughing, turning away to cover his face and bend at the waist, “I’m… I’m
!” Sherlock snapped and turned to walk with his new friend, stroking dusky feathers of brown and shimmering grey. “You know
Listening to her gentle footsteps as she left, Sherlock sighed, grateful to her beyond words, and let his eyes fall closed to focus more on sensation, on smell, on the sound of John’s breathing. He had been happy several times in his life, for different reasons, brought on by different events, different people, and he recalled them all in that moment, remembering and comparing and submerging in the memories of his family, his beloved dog, his first human friend, his first proper case, meeting Mrs Hudson, and finally, being introduced to John. If he believed, at all, in soulmates, he was sure John could be his. No one else had come as close as he had to making his life complete.
“Is that so?” Santa mumbled, tilting his head after a moment and giving John a soft, interested smile. “Who
gorgeous.” John looked up at the man's flushed cheeks, his fuzzy hair, his widely blown pupils. “I want to keep you like this
Sherlock felt his throat close up, flashes of fractured, painful memories battling for dominance, and hummed, “Obviously. German Shepherds are working dogs that were originally developed for herding sheep. Now, of course, they are the preferred breed for search and rescue, the police, the military, disability assistance and so on and so forth. They are a quite strong, intelligent breed. Very active and curious. Protective too.”
The lube had been left in easy access for John and he made himself comfy between Sherlock’s spread feet with a praising, appreciative clench of one knobbly knee, “
“Yeah?” John replied and Sherlock could hear the smile in his voice. “Well, I’m not going anywhere any time soon.”
“Mm. Put on a bit of weight since the last time,” Sherlock told him idly, watching and waiting. He would only move and aid John in his undressing if prompted. He liked being stripped steadily and by hands not his own. Liked regarding John’s face, his movements, his reactions as each piece of clothing, each barrier between his naked flesh and John’s seeking touch, was taken away. Sherlock was right about the weight, though it was barely anything at all, not as much as John would have liked. He was still too slender in some areas. Skin too taut over bulging muscle and curving bone. "A new scar or two in places."
Wanting to take full advantage of that fact, that rare gift, it didn't take long for John to stumble into the bathroom, get undressed and give himself a good scrub under that nicely steaming spray of heated water, shoulders relaxed, head turned up, eyes closed. He was unable to fully bask in it though, unable to take pleasure in how easily the sweat and smells of the day were being washed away, because he couldn't stop thinking about Sherlock. Not uncommon, not since he'd first met the man. He couldn't stop thinking that Sherlock's reaction had been better than he had anticipated. That Sherlock seemed in good spirits overall. He had been convinced that Sherlock would have gone into a snit, yet instead he'd seemingly loved seeing himself like that. It slightly boggled John's mind. Especially when the pants had led to kissing, kissing he knew he shouldn't really encourage, but kissing that he just couldn't give up, couldn't stop.
appealing, then. Happy?” John exclaimed and gesturing with one hand as he turned to look away in embarrassment and a stab of emotion. “Christ. This is…difficult.”
!” he whined through sharp intakes of breath and choking, overcome sounds of high pleasure. Sherlock wiggled only once, rocking instinctively back on John for more, then became, more or less, malleable and docile. He wanted John to take over, to be in control, to protect him and have him and comfort him and please him. Drive away his ripping thoughts and suffocating feelings with motion, sensation, and love. "Please."
Time passed as John’s lips moved against his, as his hands moved over his back, as his fingers touched at his nape through the collar, but all too soon John pulled back with a soft gasp, “You steal my breath away.”
John looked down at his paper, a nutritional diet it looked like, “Do you remember the case of the missing diadem?” he asked. “The family dog had just had pups. You kept looking at them every time Mrs Deasey looked away.”
Humming, amused and resolute, Greg reached to grasp a handful of curls, tugging enough to cause a soft, curious hiss, “Watch the attitude.”
“They want to torture me slowly with their out of tune Christmas melodies!” Sherlock exclaimed and dramatically twirled away, storming to slump down low in his chair. “I am
Sherlock touched the top of John’s wrist to stop him after a time and turned his head, giving John a wet, vulnerable, pleading look under his floppy, mussed fringe. Taking the prompt, John guided Sherlock down across the bed, plumping the pillow under his head, and petted his white, marble hip as he discarded his own trousers. His socks went with them soon after. Sherlock preferred them to be fully naked with nothing at all separating them, liked seeing all of John, feeling all of John, so he could explore with gaze and crawling fingers whenever he deemed fit to do so. John didn’t mind. It was always warm and comfortable and luxurious in Sherlock’s bed, atop or under the sheets, and against his smooth, smooth body.
John bit into it, spilling a few crumbs on his lap and ducked his head in a futile attempt to catch them. He nodded with a hearty hum though after a moment, “’S nice.”
. And look... look at me.” John always did that anyway. Never took his eyes from Sherlock for more than a few moments at a time. John knew Sherlock liked the eye contact as he was penetrated and stretched and worked open. It did something to him and in turn, did something to John too. "Look right at me.
“Not at all. I’d prefer it, in fact,” Sherlock answered, cheeks pinked and eyes flitting over John’s face, pupils dilating.
John stared up at him for several long seconds, then, taking a deep breath, he nodded and stuffed his hands into his pockets, "Do you have a girlfriend?"
” John moved to kick the door closed and then set about pulling off his shirt, yanking on it in such a zealous rush that the last two buttons pinged across the room to clatter somewhere behind the table. Throwing the crumpled material down, not caring where it landed, John reached for Sherlock again, attacking the long, pale neck with his mouth as he abused and adored the beautiful skin, working with Sherlock's motivated digits to strip the man of his shirt as well. "
“I thought he could be part of the family,” John interrupted, voice a higher volume to drown Sherlock out, as the edges of annoyance crept in. “And it was
“Not until your birthday, young man,” she said as she entered the room. He could just hear John using the phone, but he kept his voice low so Sherlock couldn’t hear what he was saying.
“Everyone does,” Sherlock sighed as he took John’s weight and heaved him further, holding him in a brief, warm, glorious hug before he reached down to push at his loosened trousers. More kisses were laid on John's skin, enough to make him quiver, and Sherlock hummed, sucking at the hinge of his jaw. “Do something useful and step out of them, would you?”
talking about me like I’m not here…” he trailed off into a wet, keening, wanton hum, eyes rolling back. He became exceedingly verbal then, trapped between Greg’s tickling, teasing, rough fingertips at his nipples and John’s hands-on and inside him. “
Greg dabbed at his face with alternating hand and sleeve, putting his mug aside with an agreeing nod, “Shame you can’t do that during cases.”
“I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock,” John told him, his hands brushing down Sherlock’s arms from his elbows and catching Sherlock’s fingers in his own. “You are the
Sherlock huffed, mind reeling, and gave John a sweeping glance, not seeing any lump or bump under his clothing where something could be tucked, then slowly held out his left hand, “I
…” he murmured with a tilting of his head, “a little bit, yes—You wouldn’t have met me if I hadn’t have told Mike I was looking for a flatmate - Therefore I was in control of our meeting via what I chose to expose to Mike and his association with you - And you wouldn’t have accepted my offer if I hadn’t
buying gifts – It doesn't have to be anything expensive or massive, you know. Just a token of my… appreciation of you.” John wiggled his toes in his socks, shuffling a little awkwardly at the admission. "I also like the look on people's faces when they open something from me. And I want to... see that look on you too."
Greg pursed his mouth and grunted in aggravation, cutting Sherlock off, “This is a threesome, right? Not a twosome where the odd one out just watches at the side.”
When Greg let the kiss end, tugging at Sherlock’s lip with a teasing dig of teeth, his eyes were hooded and smug, “So, what happens now?” he questioned with a considerable husky quality. Combing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, he then gave Sherlock’s rosy cheek an impish, tender stroke, letting Sherlock sway away from him. “Now we’ve established certain things…”
“What for?” Sherlock exclaimed, voice cracking and going slightly high-pitched. He shuddered at John’s replying glower and swallowed with a gasping shiver. “I... I came--"
Holding both of Sherlock's wrists tightly at the small of his back with one hand, John used his other hand to grab Sherlock's hip, then his rib and finally his hair, pulling his head back so he could see the flushed and panting face, upturned at the ceiling, "God... yeah, look at you. So dazed. So... so fucking out of control!" he grunted. It was all possibly the most reckless, stupidest thing that John had ever done, and it felt incredible. He felt as though he were intoxicated, delirious, as he vehemently thrust hard and deep. Losing himself to the slapping of their sweat-sheen skin. It was incredibly heady to see Sherlock this way, so human and debauched and needy. “Do you want me to stroke your cock?”
John frowned back at him in honest confusion, “You don’t have to get me anything,” he said, “but, if you feel like you have to, you can get me something later.”
have plans?” Sherlock asked with the beginnings of a frown, sitting up straighter and squinting, looking at the slope of John’s back, the tilt of his shoulders where he was leaning against the side, and the wiggling flex of his naked toes.
“Let me tidy this away,” John said, and Sherlock could hear him piling all the leftover vegetables into two of the bowls.
“If it’s just comfort that you’re interested in, not appearances, then wear them and check them out,” Sherlock said, leaning in closer and closer until John couldn't arch back any further. It was then that Sherlock kissed him on the lips gently, eyes flicking sideways to the dreaded pants, therefore missing how hard John blinked at the touch. “I thought you… liked my face?”
Growling, John stood and grabbed the lube again, soaking Sherlock in it and reaching for a condom without preamble. His thick, tight, rigid cock was red-tipped and swollen, leaking in broken, jingling, translucent strings that coated the inside of the condom as he slipped it on and gave himself a few tugs to ease the ache. He lined up, pushing the very tip inside the twitching, open, hungrily clinging body and held it, letting Sherlock become accustomed to the stretch, even as he reached for Sherlock's arms and pulled them backwards to hold tightly behind his back, forcing Sherlock to re-balance himself on his own two feet.
. It's... it's like pressing a bruise in a... in a weird way. Painful but surprisingly enjoyable. A bit... addictive. - It's a confusing feeling.”
Frowning, Sherlock tilted his head and turned his torso to look at John with more intent, “You...took an article of my clothing with you?”
.” With that said, as slowly and condescendingly as humanly possible, he extend a hand, palm upwards. “
,” Sherlock sighed with a dramatic eye roll. “Another time. Another drawing, dragging Christmas. Though I
, it'll be fine. - The gift giving is important to me. A small sign that I'm thankful for you being in my life, that's all I want to give. Just something. Something to express what I might not
, keep him in line. I doubt even these would do outside of this room, right, Sherlock?” Sherlock’s face went a dark speckled red, erection jumping and leaking against John’s hand, and he clenched his jaw, blatantly trying not to sullenly, angrily, pout. “If it was
Sometimes Greg wished New Scotland Yard would catch fire and burn to the ground. No one inside it of course (well, maybe
,” Sherlock breathed in evident intrigue and confused pleasure, his back muscles bunching as he wiggled and arced his spine further. He took it well for a first-timer. Holding his breath and shuddering as John twisted and crooked the digit with slow, pushing, hunger. His anger was a sizzling background noise of static to the crashing, fizzing, surging arousal at having Sherlock at his mercy, under his hands, on his finger.
“Go ahead, Mrs Hudson,” John said, his thumb brushing up and down the back of Sherlock’s hand. It was calming, comforting, and consuming.
He hummed the song under his breath whilst he waited for the water to heat, keeping it low in case Sherlock's sensitive and heightened hearing caught wind of it, and undressed, standing naked in front of the gradually steaming mirror. As he looked at himself, he didn't see himself, in fact, he looked straight through his own reflection and instead thought of Sherlock, remembered his reactions, his flush, his quivering thighs and arching back. How many people had done that? Made him squirm? How many had even the permission, the privilege, to touch and grasp and messily swirl? John shouldn't be arrogant over the answer he knew it would be, over the fact that he may be one of the only people, excluding a hairdresser, who'd sank their fingers through the man's hair, enough to make him shake, blush, and lose the power of speech. John shouldn't like it, but he did. God help him he loved the power it gave him.
Sherlock valiantly tried to hide by curling into a ball, attempting to make himself as small as possible, as inoffensive and forgettable as he could, but John knew the routine. Knew the tears were there, had seen them, had heard the congested, quiet, shaky sniffs as Sherlock discreetly wiped his nose on his dressing gown sleeve. Knew that this was his cue.
“Oh, Jesus Christ, get over here. You’re freezing. I’m freezing. Come here,” John grumbled, waving Sherlock over and turning to look away when Sherlock glanced at him. “Body heat and…all that. Come on.”
!” Sherlock exclaimed with a small rumbling laugh, reaching instead to hook his long fingers into the belt hoops. “Granted, men have to arrange themselves throughout the day for one reason or another anyway, but you do it
"Alright, alright," John laughed and, not a second later, Orion was by Sherlock's legs, sniffing him eagerly and barking up at him in eagerness, jumping up and putting his paws on Sherlock's belly.
. And Mrs Hudson already knows. Has already, without knowing, allied with you with the opinion to get rid of her,” he huffed, moving around to pick the turkey back up. “I’m getting sick and tired of the
Sherlock shrugged at her, “It’s for the best. For everyone involved. I’m not overly gifted in naming dogs,” he said, only realising his slip when it was too late and shooting up to his feet, finishing off his wine. “Dessert?”
naked,” John told Greg and smirked, taking a gulp of his coffee and looking over at Sherlock, keeping the conversation somewhat good-humoured, “Honestly. The man spends a fortune on clothes and hardly wears them--”
to happen now?” John asked in return, leaning over and up to press a warning smooch to Sherlock’s quickly pouting, twisted mouth, “We can kiss some more.
“I could… take you in my mouth during?” Sherlock offered when he’d finished giving the other fingers the same treatment, taking them into his mouth, against his writhing, promiscuous tongue. “You could touch me.
John shot him a look, but Sherlock kept his gaze down, "Yeah. Yeah, alright, fine. - Well, if we're not going out, perhaps we should just get a takeaway and chill?”
“You ask that as if it’s a real marriage, John,” Sherlock replied with a faked snort of amusement, heart thundering in his head, throat, chest, and fingers once again as he tried to think, tried to reason, tried to come up with an answer that wouldn’t push John away. He had no idea what this meant. Was Mrs Hudson right? Was he right? Was John interested or not interested? Why was he asking this now? “I can’t be the only person to say such a line to you or to someone you know. Many say they are committed to their work. Workaholics, is the word generally used. Work comes first for them. It’s their life, their passion, their entire reason for being--” He grimaced at his word choice and quickly tried to backtrack, knowing what he was saying wasn’t helping if John was asking what he hoped he was asking. Glancing quickly at the mirror, trying and failing to see John’s face and read his expression, Sherlock swallowed. “It was both. Back then. I was trying to focus and you were asking trivial, irrelevant, and yes,
There was a moment of deliberation, of John staring at Sherlock’s face, eyes, mouth, hands, before he stepped closer, leaned forward and pressed a soft and chaste kiss against Sherlock's parting lips, bringing his hand up to cup his cheek and hold him place. He kept his eyes open for a second or two, to see the blur of Sherlock’s own, to see them widen and flutter, and then he clenched his shut and indulged in the sweet scent of him, of the taste of his lips, the sensation of tingling goosebumps across every inch of his body as he held them both close. It was a simple thing. Their lips resting and bumping deilcately together, but it set John on fire.
"Looks like you're taking good care of the new family member," she said, packing away everything and scanning the next few.
“Definitely,” John nodded, trying to smother the bubble of laughter floating up his throat, tickled and endeared by his stammering. Flattered by his unmistakable open-minded curiosity. “It's, um, a safe place, as they say. - I'm happy for you to kiss me, if you want to try? More than happy, actually. But don't feel pressured and if it's not for you, then it's fine, it's not going to massively affect our friendship. We're not going to
“How about if we keep one piece?” John tried to negotiate while he tried not to burn from the inside out, tried not to think of what Sherlock’s lips would feel like against his. He feared what he might do, what he might think. What if it really did ruin them? What if it was all part of some experiment of Sherlock’s? To see what John may do if the opportunity presented itself? He couldn’t stop thinking of all the infinite possibilities, all the ways it could go wrong. Did he really want to risk it? Risk maybe altering what they had forever? “The, um, piece in the living room is okay. It’s high enough that it’s not in the way and it's not
As Sherlock leaned away again, gently batting Orion from his mouth, he caught sight of a thick stick near his foot, already wet with saliva, bark broken by sharp teeth, and reached for it quickly, lifting it high when Orion barked and jumped, “
Leaving an unperturbed Sherlock, John slipped into the bathroom as he heard her arrive and made a show of flushing the toilet, washing his hands, and padding to with surprised smile, "
The smile on Sherlock’s face diminished, “Yes,” he said, knowing how cruel people could be to their pets. “He shan’t be lonely any more.”
“Isn’t that... tiresome?” Sherlock questioned around a sigh, eyelids shaking closed and catching just the end of John’s thumb tip with damp, clumpy lashes as it skimmed by a second time. “You are the one person whom I don’t want to bore. I prefer that you find me unpredictable and
. - So you don't want to come with me then? Well, if you're sure?” John asked a final time and stepped towards Sherlock when he made a low snarling grumble of annoyance, brushing their hands together before pushing up onto his toes and giving him an odd embrace, their cheeks sliding warmly together. He hesitated, looking at Sherlock's ear, looking at the glossy curls that half obscured them, and then turned his head to leave a fleeting kiss at his cheek, “How about I bring you back some of that fudge you like? Will that get rid of this sour mood?”
Instantly pulled to him, like always, no matter how hard he’d tried not to be, Sherlock walked over until they stood within a few inches of each other, feet almost touching, “I fail to see how a date would be a gift if you...you say we do what is considered a date all the time, even without saying it’s a date - You told me no before. You said no. When I said it was what I was suggesting and you said no, and that you hoped not.” He couldn’t stop talking. He needed to stop talking. “So, is that...are you saying that’s changed?”
At the change, Sherlock rubbed his thighs again before putting his hands on his hips, then crossing his arms, then dropping them with false nonchalance to his sides, “
It started small: Sherlock leaving the shower, after a truly excessive amount of time, without fussing with his abundance of hair products, making his normally pristine, smooth curls go adorably fluffy and wild. Next came the hours of brooding, stoic, almost lifeless silence. The visible stiff tension in his shoulders and spine. A reoccurring retreat into his own mind, with only the occasional anxiety-laden heavy breath to show he was even still conscious and alert.
Clenching his eyes shut, high on John’s confident, come-hither, sexual prowess, Sherlock tried to focus, “I think I should tell you,” he whispered, taking a moment to breathe, dizzy with John’s presence as he leaned closer, inches from Sherlock’s face, “I have not really...that is I…”
John shrugged, looking a little more uncomfortable, his shoulders straighter, his fingers tighter, “I thought it would be a good idea.”
John must have felt his shivering though as he gave Sherlock a squeeze and the space behind his ear a kiss, “What do you need, Sherlock?”
?” Sherlock snorted, as he ducked away in a blatant sulk, his fluffy curls the only thing in sight once he buried his face into the swathes of fabric. "We're not
“Well, it’s not an uncommon pet,” Sherlock replied, looking at his gloved hand and squeezing firmly in silent appreciation. “What breed?”
again,” Sherlock huffed and gestured with one irritated, flapping hand, fingers signalling out certain ones with an arrogant, elegant circling, “I bought different thicknesses for
Trying to focus and keep still, Sherlock moaned again and grabbed for John’s thighs, clawing and stroking the tensing muscles there as he squirmed in abandon, greedily opening his mouth an inch more. Impatiently waiting, wanting, his body taut and juddering. He was close to the edge as well. John could almost taste it in the air. Like they were connected, somehow linked, exquisitely synchronised with each other. The concocted notion only made more prominent when Sherlock arched, flexing his hips forward, and let out a satisfied whimper as John's hands tensed against Sherlock's scalp and he bucked up, pushed forward, and pulsed hard and copious into Sherlock's mouth, until his tongue was coated with thick white. So much that he had to pull back to allow Sherlock to swallow.
we were together and...” John sighed, rubbing his face angrily, vibrating out of his skin. “Then I...”
“Sounds like jealousy to me,” Sherlock mumbled under his breath, though loud enough for John to catch. John sent him a mild glare, finding that a bit ironic coming from him. He watched with bated breath as Sherlock then tasted the elastic, fingered the fabric, and then checked the size. “Not cheap, which is perhaps the most surprising thing compared with anything else. And you
As his teeth sank into the strained flesh of that gorgeous throat, Sherlock gasped, grabbed for him with slicked fingers and violently shuddered, exhaling the most erotically gruff bark of sound that he’d made thus far. John let go just in time to see Sherlock’s body thrash, every muscle contracted and shivering, from his jerking thighs to his bulging biceps, cock jumping almost straight up to spatter semen in high arcs along his body, catching John’s arm as it went, dampening the sleeve of his jumper. Everything about him juddered in the aftermath, clenching and unclenching, and Sherlock whimpered through it, eyes rolled up and mouth dropping open. John had to move in, had to kiss him, had to suck at his lips, smear his mouth up his reddened cheek, couldn’t not. Sherlock deserved the praise.
Sherlock's long, lithe torso was already quite mottled with the blossoming flush of intense arousal when it was fully bared to the air, to John’s eyes, nipples rosy and pebbled, begging to be touched, “
“Yes, yes. Don’t have to rush me. I only need my shoes and coat,” Sherlock muttered stalling only for a moment on the landing, before pushing into the living room and putting down the paper hats, jokes, and the fish, staring at the dog photo that was still out on display.
“I don't want you feeling that you're a burden on me,” John whispered, taking Sherlock's chin and tilting it so that they could have more eye contact, “
him, Mrs Hudson. - I’m blaming you for this! I don’t like surprises of this...calibre. It makes me do...things. Stupid things.
“Well, he knows he has to go to the bathroom in the proper place and not all over the floor,” John told him, setting the timer on the microwave and leaning against the side as the custard rotated inside. “He knows the command ‘sit’ and ‘stop’, and… well, ‘fetch’. Not much else though I don’t think.”
Sherlock was silently still as he moved within, breath held until John’s pelvis bumped against his buttocks and he was fully sheathed, then he moaned and whimpered, low and long, “
! Absolutely horrendous! Probably couldn't carry a note even if your life depended on it! And yet... and yet I can't
is... this is me trying to put things into words. I'm not good at it… neither of us are really, but... but I
“Yea, yeah, I know that. And I… I can do it, not justify it for others, but... but I... I...” John cleared his throat and finally putting down another card. "It's more... more to do with me.
“I knew it!” John said triumphantly, slapping the bar as emphasis and then thumping at his own chest, pointing at his own face, his head, despite it being hat-less. “M' a detective… sorta.”
When John's index finger finally pressed in, Sherlock was a hot, shaking, panting mess, hands curled around John’s forearm to follow the movement, to feel the tendons and muscles working under the skin, “
Pulling back, Sherlock shot John a smile, “Of course,” he told him, stepping away and gathering the dog papers to put neatly on the mantel. He chose the space near the skull and then gave the hat covered cranium a pat.
The smirk wobbled for a moment, almost disappearing entirely, before it contorted and Sherlock took the underwear in his fingers, staring at the image, at the cut-out placed photo of himself, “That’s my face…” he uttered. “
“A date,” John replied, stuffing his hands in his dressing gown pockets, his stance oozing confidence, though his eyes betrayed his warring thoughts.
John hummed and turned to his own meal and the three of them fell into silence, broken only by the clattering of cutlery against plates and their glasses being occasionally picked up and set down on the table cloth.
“I don't know, just general stuff. Silly stuff...” he mumbled, shrugging, “And as many as we can be bothered asking. - We'll play a few hands and see what happens?”
“You're welcome,” John whispered, reaching for Greg's other hand across Sherlock's waist, “And… for what its worth, and because I know you need to hear this, you really
!” John groaned, head falling forward as he continued his brutal pace. “He might come again. If you keep touching his nipples – He likes it when he comes a second time, don't you, you clever boy? He's amazing, he's so
Sherlock gave John another look with his eyebrows pointedly raised, making sure he didn’t try and engage the woman in any sort of friendly conversation, and walked, with an inquisitive pup, through the shop, gathering up a basket as he went, “I
it?” Sherlock breathed, fingers of both of his large hands tangling as he cradled them together in front of him and spread their mixture, the evidence of what they did together, up to the centre of his chest.
Sherlock strode off, grabbed some kitchen towels and returned to wipe his back clear, before sitting down beside him, drawing his dressing gown around him, and kissing his cheek, "
This time she definitely noticed, and she looked over at him in concern, “Everything alright, dear?”
Being as pent up and overwhelmed as Sherlock apparently was, it didn’t take long for him to sheepishly touch John’s head in warning and arch, choking on sharply inhaled breaths and stuttering groans, cock throbbing hard against John’s tongue. John enjoyed the suspense, the thick dribble of pre-ejaculate before the impending climax, and waited, sucking and tasting, until the last minute, to which he pulled away and watched as Sherlock spilled copiously up his own torso with a grimacing whimper of rapture.
“Whether I’m married or not to my work?” Sherlock questioned, sounding puzzled and curious. “Why are you so—
, I know I’m prying, but... I’m just trying to fully understand it. Just a bit curious about how things work. - Do you get jealous? Is it open so
John raised an eyebrow and considered making a snarky comment but decided against it, following Sherlock's instructions and allowing his shirt to be unbuttoned and thrown to one side. Thankful that the fire was still burning low, keeping the temperature moderately warm in the flat as Sherlock carefully undressed him, his nimble fingers making quick work of his vest until he was topless. Sherlock then paused and began running his hands, his palms, knuckles, fingertips, nails, all over John's exposed torso, worshiping him reverently, gaze intent. Pout still very much in place. He glanced up at John briefly, dropped another kiss to his mouth, and then nosed his way down his throat, letting his lips roll leisurely over his pulse. It felt good, as it was obviously meant to, and John relished it, closing his eyes and breathing in the scent of him.
“It’s few, I grant you, but not all are closed. The big places are, as they are required to by law, but the smaller shops can get away with it,” Sherlock told him.
John was not proud of the clicking noise his body made as he pushed to stand up and he blinked awkwardly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's shoulders, “I
“It’s not a necessity,” Sherlock said around a small moan, one of his legs bending at the knee to flop aside to give more access. “I just have been thinking about it.
live without all of that and I'm --” He shifted uncomfortably, taking a deep breath. “I'm just scared of actually putting a name to what we have.”
“I’ll come too,” Sherlock told them, throwing a smile over his shoulder for good measure, peeking at John. John sent him a grateful look and one of his personal smiles that could only mean he was proud of Sherlock for doing a small thing. Mrs Hudson, meanwhile, tittered a farewell and headed back out of their flat.
“I find you relatively attractive,” Sherlock murmured in answer with a flippant tone, eyeing a gawking, and vaguely offended, Greg up and down with a gaze John already knew far too well. “If I agree, could you
"Oh, shut it!" John hissed, shuffling his hips backwards when Sherlock continued to tug and stretch with emphasis, a motion that only served to cause more pain, more humiliation, as the waistband slapped against his stomach weakly. “They
…. you know?” John found himself stammering in a nervous ramble, feeling sick in shock and shaking with an uncontrollable mixture of fear and elation. “I mean… if its up there… we could do it again? It's what Mistletoe is for?”
“Think he does,” John chimed in, reaching to pat Sherlock’s lower back through the plump fabric. “And he
“I’ll be here,” Sherlock said with a slow sigh and a nod, trying to catch sight of John in the mirror above the fireplace, wanting to watch him go. He could just about see him, a thin line of his face visible, but he stepped away a moment later. Sherlock looked aside once John had vanished from the reflection, but then he heard John stop again.
“It's not all bad. Genuinely. He's been good for me,” John said warmly, looking back with a grin, “The work and… having someone who understands me. It's helped a lot. I hardly ever get nightmares any more.”
"Oh Orion," John cooed, pulling the dog close for a hug, which the puppy fidgeted and twisted in until he pressed his nose into John's chest. "I'm
“That doesn’t mean anything. He talks about me anyway. We live together, work together,” Sherlock said as he followed. “What else would he talk about? The weather?”
“It's not something to be ashamed of,” John reassured him, pressing a few kisses to Sherlock's flushing cock, “You
John rumbled out a mortified moan and let his good arm swing backwards to slap at Sherlock's leg, “Less talking – more rubbing.”
don’t get to tell me when I can and can’t ejaculate!” Sherlock growled, thrashing for a few moments more, legs trembling, stomach shivering. “The entire point of this is to
John smiled fondly, “No…” Silence fell over the two men before John added, “and not just circumstance either.”
,” he repeated, lifting and bending his legs up against his torso in blatant invitation. John took it, as he always did, and knelt up to go routing through the bedside drawer for the lube, condoms and tissues, placing them in a neat line and within easy reach of his position on the bed. He enjoyed this part as much as the previous. Greedily savoured the fact he could do it, that he was perhaps the only person to be allowed to do it, or who would ever get the chance. “John…”
sense of humour,” Sarah agreed and wiped her lipstick off his face with a sigh. “You must find it at least a
!” Sherlock corrected around a deep, vibrating moan, peeking through his lashes at them both and swallowing when Greg strolled over, handcuffs dangling from his fingers. “What… are you doing?”
Frantically, with uncharacteristically clumsy fingers, Sherlock attacked John’s clothes, unbuttoning his shirt, “
“Bit obvious, was I?” John chuckled breathlessly, groaning in the back of his throat, a deep, buzzing, guttural groan, as Sherlock slicked his tongue along his frenulum with a teasing little flick. “
“Sherlock, I have to…sorry…” John gave himself two swift strokes before he felt the warm touch of Sherlock’s hand around his and gasped, staring up into his eyes.
“You can touch… any part of… of me that you want,” Sherlock whispered, staying as still as he could, shaking and twitching and heavily breathing, until he seemed to get bored with it, impatiently so, and pushed back into John’s hands, rocking his hips. The underside of his buttocks and the hot shape of his tensed scrotum, skimmed John’s thighs. “
. His name is Toby. Good dog. Friendly. Smart. Fantastic tracker. Half spaniel and half lurcher. A bit clumsy, but endearingly so.”
It didn’t help that during these weeks of hell, there had been four cases. Four that had lasted a few days each, at most. Meaning hours of crappy coffee and even crappier meals. Sleep patterns twisted and turned upside down, inside out, and flayed alive.
nice,” Sherlock nodded along with him and only realised he was leaning in toward him when his nose bumped into John’s cheek. He choked on an embarrassed gasp and turned away as John licked his lips, collecting the crumbs with his tongue as he looked Sherlock over. “
“Good,” John said, shifting under Sherlock’s legs to sit up as well, “because Mrs Hudson spent hours making it.”
“Little difficult for her not to. Especially when we did it in the hall,” Sherlock drawled with some tinge of arrogant pride.
our relationship,” he replied curtly, tying a big floppy bow and then staring down at the bouquet of mistletoe. “It doesn’t matter what anyone else thinks.
“I said I would help--” John objected, tensing to get up, though he stopped abruptly, probably because of their landlady.
He pushed open the front door quickly once he was at the flat, heading straight upstairs and kicking off his shoes, though he left his coat on, using it, for the moment to hide the pants as he tried to think of somewhere else to stash them where Sherlock wouldn't see, couldn't find, or was able to deduce, in anyway, what he had received. The possibility of trying, however, of rushing to his room to hide, was ended when John walked face-first into Sherlock, knocking his forehead into his shirt-clad torso. It made him stumble and grunt, muddling his already messy mind.
. Stop being such a baby.” Keeping one hand on the turkey, stroking her feathers and keeping her from walking or jumping off the table, Sherlock then lifted John’s fingers to drift lightly down her long neck. She blinked at them calmly, watching and clucking, and Sherlock moved John’s hand down her back. “There. See? It’s
?” Sherlock snorted, leaning into him and then shooting him a slight smirk. “Go get out of your work clothes. - Perhaps try the underwear on while you’re at it.”
nice, in fact- affection," John mumbled, grunting in desire when Sherlock kissed him and hip bumped him back into, and then down on, the sofa. He fell down with a slight bounce, twitching at the cool touch of leather, and shot a mild glower up at Sherlock's face. "
They tripped when John rocked up into him with a muffled grunt and tilted the fridge, then crashed sideways together into the worktop. It jolted Sherlock’s hip with a twinge of discomfort, yet it only made John’s kisses, his hands and hot breath, all the more stimulating, and Sherlock drooped wantonly, letting himself be manhandled. A whimper escaped him when John sandwiched him into a corner, an embarrassing sound that Sherlock knew John had heard, judging by his low, pleased hum, and one he’d deny ever came from him. The desire seeped outward to encapsulate more of his body the longer they kissed and grappled shakily with one another, and Sherlock shuddered, feeling light-headed, when he felt himself stir in his trousers, becoming confined against the back of his zip with a rush of blood.
“I’m not,” Sherlock assured him, giving a long look at the pinched corners of John’s mouth. A mouth he’d kissed. A mouth he now knew the sensation of. It was beguiling, poignant, and gloriously addictive. He dropped his gaze swiftly, taking up one slice of toast to occupy himself with.
! She'll be smug. We don't want her smug, do we? - Don't want to... to encourage this behaviour!” he warned.
Laughing, Sherlock pushed closer, bathing in John’s affection, inhaling him deep, and closing his eyes, “Highly improbable then…”
to gag you? Because I will. I have the supplies to do so. I’m quite good at rendering people mute, as it happens,” Sherlock groused and with a pop, and a wet squelching ripple, something cold dribbled against his upper spine. He dipped one dexterous finger into it and spread it down in swirling, wiggling, curving sweeps. "In a plethora of ways."
It shattered the ambiance and broke the tension between them, and John jerked with a choking cough, beginning to laugh so hard that he had to bend at the waist and bury his face into Sherlock's chest, “
'im,” he continued to whisper, eyes looking up fleetingly to meet Santa's before dropping down to the bar, to the puddle he'd made. “An- not just love, but
“...Possibly,” Sherlock mumbled, glancing around at the cluttered space with a frown. They needed to clear an area.
Greg laughed through his nose and gave Sherlock’s slackening face a glance, captivated when Sherlock pushed his head into the firm dig of his knuckles with a very small, barely-there whine, “I doubt that you’re too soft, John. You can handle him better than anyone,” he said quietly, turning to suddenly take in the bedroom and then stand, strolling around to rummage through drawers. “Although…”
!” Sherlock all but cried out, temples and nape drenched with sweat. It was difficult for him to keep upright. Every time he breathed, shivered, and moaned, his legs would threaten to buckle, muscles tight. “Fuck me… do it, John. Fuh-fuck me!”
Sighing happily, Sherlock tilted his head against the pillow, tucked his chin down, causing the comical six chin effect, and watched with a sluggish blink, “I like it,” he admitted in an almost inaudible whisper, arms and hands remaining still at his sides. For now they only twitched in their need to reach out. John knew he would touch soon and he couldn’t wait. Relished the tease of the wait. “I have a few theories as to why, but I also just...
,” he grunted thickly, grabbing for John’s wrist with a vice-like, bruising grip, and dropping his head on John’s naked shoulder, panting there, leaving small, warm trails of saliva as he turned to nestle into the crook of his neck. “Stop… what
. As you normally do. You ignore me until it’s “John, fetch me my phone!” “John, pass me a pen.” “John, drink this.” “John, come here.” “John, take this unidentified tablet and see if it kills you.” “John do this…do that!”—I saw the sky turn, I saw it get that little bit darker, but did you listen to me?
“It's unexpectedly soft...” John murmured lowly, tilting his head and then beaming up at Sherlock with a bubbling laugh, thrown by how utterly farcical it was, “I've never stroked a bird before… well, my mate had pigeons when I was a kid, but they're just overgrown rats with wings. This is – surprisingly cool, actually.”
“Will you?” Sherlock whispered, looking overwhelmed and emotional once more while he sat up, leaving the cushion where it lay as he shuffled over to sit on it, perching sideways across John’s lap. He peered closely into John’s face with narrowed, misty eyes. Examining. Considering. Studying. “You will not bore of me then?”
Sherlock flushed and made his glare all the more irked at how carefree and unconcerned his landlady was, “He didn’t kiss me back,” he told her. “Not that I expected him to. I didn’t even
“Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride, in a one-horse open sleigh...” John mumbled idly as he swilled away the mass of popping bubbles off a now shiny and clean saucepan, watching them gather in a bobbing, floating clump in the basin, awaiting for the time John broke through them to grab the bowl beneath. "Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way; Oh, what fun it is to ride, in a one-horse open sleigh."
said it. ‘Not a twosome where the odd one out just watches at the side.’ Choose and choose quickly! You’ve already cut into my time—”
Feeling shaky, Sherlock rubbed at the fabric of his socks and stood up, taking the fish with him to fiddle with, “I’ll...get my shoes and coat,” he told him, stomach turning over. “Don’t forget the lead.”
Pouting, Sherlock rolled his eyes and defensively, shyly, bent his arms down to try and hide his face in his elbow, “This was
“It's bothering me a bit, yeah,” John replied, pressing and pushing a hand to his head, trying not to stare at Sherlock's tenderly curious expression. He seemed almost hopeful. He shrugged again. “I
a crime scene...” he muttered, not certain he really wanted to divulge the information, yet finding he really had no other choice now it had been thrown into the open. “It was sort of…
Greg groaned and turned on the light. “Go away,” he said, heading to the kitchen. “I’ve had a long day and I don’t want you ruining my moment of peace.”
!” John stated, pointing dramatically at his own temple and then at Santa's large grin, wagging his finger. “She was cunning!
“How did you think I was going to react exactly?” Sherlock questioned in curious interest, tugging John by the belt hoops for another kiss and then smoothing his hands up and down John’s shirt, getting rid of wrinkles and creases, before he palmed over his shoulders, down his arms, pushing the coat off. "What were you afraid of?"
John grinned and stole another quick peck before pulling away completely and heading to his chair where his shoes were hidden, “I think I might wear those gloves Mrs Hudson bought me.”
“No chicken or turkey?” Sherlock asked her as he turned from them both, using the living room windows to watch their reflections, to spy on John. He knew John was happy living at the flat for the moment, though he also knew John could be happier, that he was forever chasing something else, something outside of their little world. Women mostly. Boring women with boring lives, which would no doubt end in a boring wedding.
“Whoever wins gets to decide what it is. Could be anything. Or nothing,” Sherlock told him and when John shakily put down his next card, Sherlock placed his, glanced down, and then glanced back up. “
John chuckled and nudged him back, letting their noses bump with another ache of desire, “So, uh, fancy Angelo's tonight? Can't really be bothered cooking. Not after doing those dishes. Not knowing I'd have to do them
you're in for a surprise then,” John chuckled throatily, bringing his hand back up to spit on and returning them to slick and stroke in circles. He bit at Sherlock's lips again. "I can't wait to educate you."
!” Greg exclaimed around a shoulder shaking laugh, leaning back in mirth, a blush of his own on his face. “Not good with the ol’ blowjob, eh John?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but turned and went back to the front door, opening it to leave, “You should invest in a better lock,” he uttered as he left, shooting Lestrade a grin. “On the door
. Yes. Yes, fine,” Sherlock told him and grabbed for the nearest pile of newspapers, shifting through them, then giving out a crushed bundle. “Here. These ones. The rest I need.”
John chuckled and followed Sherlock's lead, swinging the bag a little at his side, "You're going to get him to sleep with you, aren't you?"
is it? What's funny!” Deciding to see for himself, John wandered into Sherlock's bedroom where the full length mirror was and opened his robe again, shifting to see what the fuss was, what had made Sherlock lose all control of himself, and it didn't take long for him to understand. "
Crowding into Sherlock's space again, not caring that his erection was smearing pre-come across the fabric of Sherlock's trousers, John eyed him up and down until the detective blushed, shifted apprehensively and went silent, “I'm going to kiss you. Right now…” he surprised them both by saying, “because it's either that or I punch you in your smug fucking face.”
Letting out a small, hitching whimper, Sherlock tilted his hips and took himself in hand, nudging and crumpling the lace bow with the side of his little finger as he began stroking. It was shaky and a bit clumsy, but with one of John’s hand in his hair and the other crawling its way down his heaving chest for a rosy nipple, the technique really didn’t matter. John liked it anyway, liked how innocent, how inelegantly that Sherlock held onto his shaft and rubbed the beading tip, liked knowing he was putting him off, taking his focus, distracting him. It made Sherlock writhe all the more.
Taking it in his free hand, Sherlock tested the strength of it, bending and twisting it, inhaling the scent of genuine leather, “Thank you. I’m sure he’ll love chewing on it.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock nodded at the both of them, “Fine. - Mrs Hudson’s choice first though,” he said, tucking the violin up under his chin, giving the bow a dramatic flicking flourish.
“Stop spoiling the fun,” John said, elbowing his arm as he picked up what was undoubtedly some sort of soft toy for the dog.
John's cheeks flushed as he realised exactly what was going on, "There isn't any paperwork, is there."
Sherlock looked him over, scowled, clenched his jaw, his hands, and then marched over to press against him so roughly, so eagerly, that John stumbled a few steps, “
The action didn’t move him physically, but rather psychologically, emotionally, pushing all the air from his lungs and Sherlock lifted his eyes to look at the dog, the puppy, who recognised him, was greeting him, “Hello Orion,” he managed and reached to touch his head, stroking his ears, bending down to be closer. “Pleased to meet you.”
“The ones I saw weren't bad. They could hold a tune… mostly,” John told him, following to sit on the arm of Sherlock's chair and lean his arm across the headrest. “And we both now know that it's not the carollers you don't like, not the songs, nor me singing them. You just wanted—"
, come to my house for cases,” Greg told him. “You text, you come to my office or, if you’re desperate, you call. But you’ve come to my home, probably because Mrs Hudson’s away and John is out for the evening.”
Alone, Sherlock leaned back and let the smile fall from his face, taking deep, slow breaths, and gripping at his own knees. He was overwhelmed by it all. By the shift, the change, in their relationship, their life, and he was abruptly incapable of stopping himself from shaking as he thought about how bad it could get, how he might lose John if he did something wrong, something that put him off. Surely there was only so much John could take and deal with? When would his patience run out? When would he give up, realise what he felt was gone, and leave? Some part of Sherlock knew this wouldn’t happen, yet there was still a piece, a sharp poking piece, that reminded him of the differences between them, of his past experiences, of the person that had come before. He had once thought of someone as a friend, had enjoyed their company, formed a solid relationship, and yet they had drifted apart. He didn’t have many friends, not like John, never had, if he lost John, he’d be alone once again.
“We might have to get Mrs Hudson to look after Orion on those nights,” John said as though he were making note of the weather.
Nodding, Sherlock let out a large, deep sigh of relief, “Much,” he replied in a rush of breath. “Yes. So very much.
?” John asked in puzzlement, taking another drink, then another, and another, until everything came snapping back into place and he remembered, remembered that it was Sherlock's alias. “Oh!
“You should be flattered,” he told her, allowing her mothering without complaint and a wrinkle of his nose. He felt like a child again. He remembered all the moments where his own mother would wipe his face, ridding his nose, his chin, his cheeks of mud, food, suds, and the sticky residue of sweets. All the moments where Mycroft would tend to him, moping blood and vomit from his clammy skin using his silly, fancy, initial embroidered handkerchiefs. “It’s not often that I divert to such tactics to consume every last drop.”
.” John groaned, biting his lip so hard that he could taste the metallic taste of blood on his tongue. “I feel that I... that I have to warn you—
? Is that so?” Santa asked, finding that fact all the more entertaining and looking John up and down, brow furrowed, bushy eyebrows drawn together in disbelief. “You're a
Somehow, Sherlock’s eyes got wider still in response and his hands fluttered to a stop, digging in like crushing talons as his body abruptly convulsed in tight, juddering waves. He choked on air, breathing quickly in, out, and then, quite surprisingly, moaned. Moaned long and loud with heat radiating off his cheeks and hips rutting forward. It petered out into a drawn-out, startled, overcome whimper and left Sherlock panting heavily in John’s grasp, against John’s face. He looked horrified, embarrassed, and the most confounded John had ever seen him. The silence that followed was deafening.
Humming, moving to half slump over him, Sherlock reached down to undo his trousers, getting his hands wet, “Do you want to taste
“Seems like it tonight,” Greg muttered, eyes jumping towards Sherlock’s room as an echoing sigh of agitated dissatisfaction rattled from within. “Impatient bugger.”
Wanting to watch that change in his face, watch all that certainty and imperviousness get replaced with shocked delight, with aching want, John waited until Sherlock had reached with his right hand, fingers lightly grazing along his flushing pelvis, down, down, down to where he was still growing, still lengthening, and around to draw a line up the underside, before he swooped in and grabbed a fistful of his hair, yanking his head back to arch his throat. It was a lovely sight, lovelier still when Sherlock gasped with an open mouth, shaking and bucking up, erection filling out with a thick jolt. John was addicted to how perfect it was, how instant the reactions came, how unique and unexpected his strongest erogenous zone was. Was this why he always played with his hair? Was this why he’d claw and tug and scratch whenever he was overly annoyed? How hard was too hard?
Sherlock froze and then tilted enough to peek up at him, “It was that obvious?” he murmured, giving a gusty sigh and running a shaky hand through his fluffed up hair. “I am surely losing my touch if I am
John exhaled a growl and moved once more, as quick and forceful as a lion, pulling his fingers out to grab Sherlock's waist in a bruising grasp and bending him further, one hand slapping against his back until Sherlock's face was at the right height as the smears of pre-come. He then held him down, crushing him into the mess, into the unforgiving, unyielding wall, and bent in a crouch to bury his tongue into Sherlock's hole, licking around, spearing in and giving a few licks before pulling back and giving the cheeks several loud slaps.
Savouring the tensing and fluttering around him, John bit down on his lower lip, "So good," he agreed. Sherlock was fever-hot inside. So enticingly so that John was thankful of the condom, which dulled at least some of the sensations. He carefully pulled out, letting Sherlock feel every ridge and bump of his cock, and then pushed back in again. Grinning when he felt him tense and gasp out loud at the first bump against his prostate. “Just
“No, no,” she said with a wave of her hand. “You two go, I’ll make some more cookies. Perhaps with this new mixer!”
“...What... what about it?” John asked, not being able to see anything wrong with how it seemed from his point of view. He shifted, tugged at them nervously, and pulled one half of his robe over. “I don't understand! What's
Slowly, Sherlock shuffled over to him and moved tentatively close, not sure what to do with his hands, “Like...
John ruffled the slushy snow from his hair, his trousers, and stomped it from his shoes the instant he hopped in from outside, hating how quickly the snow that morning had turned from light and fluffy, to wet and heavy in seconds, drenching and lathering the pavement, the buildings, the lights, the people, in a cascading curtain of greyish white. It had been another brilliant wonderland at first, everything crispy and pure, the perfect weather for a friendly meet-up with Mike Stamford and his cheerful, bubbly wife, and a happy exchange of presents. Then the sky had darkened, the wind had changed, and the descent of mushed, dirty melting ice, had rained down on them, catching everyone by surprise in its attack. John could only thank his lucky stars that he’d worn extra layers on a whim, keeping the soaking chill from fully reaching his torso and feet, otherwise he was sure he would have become an even grumpier grump than he currently was.
John pushed two fingers back inside without warning and pressed against Sherlock's prostate, watching him practically topple over with the shock of the sharp jolt, “Nobody told you about that feeling, did they?” he smirked, coaxing more pre-come from Sherlock's heavily hanging cock with a few gentle rubs against the swollen gland. He couldn't exactly see, but he could hear. Hear the thick dribble. “I want to fuck you. Christ, I want to fuck you
Adding a little more lube to the stiff latex-clad line of himself, John shuffled further into position, tangling their legs together and bending an arm up as a pillow so he could be closer, have them touching from top to bottom as much as physically, humanly possible. His other hand reached down to align his cock, feeling the heat of Sherlock through the condom as he tentatively touched the tip against the puffed stretched rim, sliding in with tiny increments. He reached around halfway inside and held onto Sherlock's stomach, anchoring and altering them both for an easier glide.
Until, of course, he had seen the black door of 221. Then he hated things a little less, felt a jolt of happiness course through him instead for the thought of home, of warmth, of comfort, of space not taken up by smelly, loud, annoying strangers. Not to mention that it meant he could at long last relieve himself of the bags that were cutting off his circulation, that he could have a wee, could get a hot drink to chase away the cold and could sit down, in his chair, in front of the fireplace.
He had slumped bonelessly to the floor at being left, tucking his uncoordinated arms under his chest, “
... well, he's... he's..." John flushed from head to toe, cheeks blazing at the connotations of the words and cleared his throat, dragging his index finger through the gathering condensation. He drew a smiley face and watched it cry, watched its upward facing smile drip down. “He's... he's a... he's a bit of
Sherlock stared at him, captivated by every movement, every pore, every thread of colour in his irises, “Lunch…” he echoed, hardly able to concentrate with John so close to him.
, okay? I'm really trying to... to get this... to get through things. This isn't easy for me, and you
“You’re welcome to join,” Sherlock replied, giving a nod of greeting to the poodle owner as John blinked up at him, then looked away with a hum and an almost pleased smile. Orion, meanwhile, came to say hello to them, distracting Sherlock as he brushed by before turning back to the poodle, who sniffed back at him in curiosity and greeting. “Though he might not want to sleep with me, with...
...” John humphed, righting himself and forcing a smile, tugging on his coat, trying not to be obvious about putting his hands in his pockets. “Sorry, didn't, uh, didn't see you there.”
“It’s personal,” she replied, quickly stuffing the instructions away. “Now, why don’t you call that taxi? They’re sure to be expensive today.”
He fell asleep on the way there and when he was roused by the shaking hand of the cabbie, as he stumbled out onto the pavement, as he made it inside and climbed the stairs to the top, John's stomach, his body, revolted against him. He made it to the toilet just in time, skidding on his knees and banging his head on the lid as he lifted, but at least it wasn't on the floor, wasn't something he'd have to clean up later. It was horrible, yet it was for the best, and time passed him just as blearily, just as quickly as it had in the pub, until John didn't know what time it was and his stomach was clenching for what felt like the fifteen hundredth time, forcing him over the toilet bowl again.
“Only when he deserves it, I hope?” Greg smirked. “Don’t want to inflate that already bloated ego of his.”
to gag me?” John asked, turning his head slightly in an attempt to look at Sherlock, shocked to find the thought more appealing than it really ought to be. “Bit deviant that...”
,” Sherlock grumbled under his breath, peering in through the window, eyeing what he needed and where it was stored and shelved, planning a route through the small, short aisles. The less need to linger, to socialise, the better. There were only three people at the counter. Two slowly perusing, one of whom was stealing. Bracing himself, Sherlock brought Orion close and reached to push open the door, shooting a smiling John a warning glower. “
“Dr. Watson, we heard that you were here,” he said. “Sir Philip D’Aeth of Knowlton Court suddenly fell ill, and Dr. Millbank is out, making the rounds. Could you please come at once, sir?”
At last we descended into a secluded room somewhere in the basement. Even though we had been here a number of times, it was always at night, so I had only a vague idea of the building layout. As soon as we locked the door behind us, Holmes pressed me roughly to the wall. I dropped my valise and clutched him to myself as we kissed; our hats fell off, but we couldn’t care less. I was giddy, intoxicated by my lover’s taste, relishing faint notes of his tobacco. His skillful tongue was doing wonders to mine. In turn, I took his mouth as I would later take his body, and he moaned, enticed by the promise. I could feel his rigid member through layers and layers of garments between us. The garments had to be discarded, but for that we needed to warm up the room.
Once he adjusted and was comfortable, I fucked him faster, pumping his stiff cock at the same rhythm. His heat was welcoming, comforting; it engulfed me as I buggered him harder and harder. Stroking his cock, I could feel the swollen veins against my palm. John’s stifled moans turned into whimpers, for he was barely managing to keep his voice quiet. Even though our household knew about us and faithfully guarded our secret, being loud would never do at Baker Street. We could neglect discretion in one of my hiding places, but in our flat we were gentlemen.
We arrived at an imposing solicitor practice in the City. Numerous clerks were bustling about in a large, crowded office. The choice of place was strange for such an intimate matter, especially considering how particular the Holmes brothers were in terms of privacy. I could feel sidelong stares and hear hushed whispers as we headed to one of the meeting-rooms. It turned my stomach, but I marched on, trying to preserve my composure. Mycroft was so much better at that.
Holmes hunted down foreign spies one by one. Having eliminated the net they had comprised, he finally approached the last agent. Such an undercover mission isn’t something new for him. In 1891-1894 he was presumed dead, and destroying a criminal syndicate which Moriarty left behind would be a far more convincing reason for Holmes to stay away from home and the person dearest to him. Holmes’s travels which Watson writes about in EMPT are just too implausible. It’s far more believable that Holmes tracked down all Moriarty’s accomplices and finally returned to London to catch the last one—Colonel Moran. Some two decades later, the last one is Von Bork.
“I’m very sorry, John. You put so much effort into arranging it and I was looking forward to visiting the city of your birth on a vacation for once, not on business.”
I drove to Paddington, and when I alighted at Jackson’s doorstep, a wave of memories swept over me. Sherlock had been keenly interested in my short list of prospective practices. He had learned everything about each and accompanied me here. His approval rang in my ears, “...you got hold of a better practice than your neighbour, my boy. The steps of yours are worn three inches deeper than his.” His contented smile was bright before my eyes.
“So, my story. I am a chemist by profession. Until recently I worked for the government in a laboratory at St. Bart’s. In my spare time I was carrying out research and discovered a substance which could change the world. My experiments on tissue samples showed that the new chemical compound was entirely harmless for humans but lethal for the invaders. It was a potential weapon, and very effective too. Someone from the lab must have spied on me since I hadn’t yet shared my findings with anyone. The Division tried to arrest me right on the street as I was returning from work. My chemical bench was burned along with my papers, but of course they would wish to eliminate all risks. I’ve been on the run for almost a month, but they finally managed to find me.
“You always have that dazed expression when you lose.” Holmes waved his hand nonchalantly. “And judging by the lack of nagging about the mess in the room, you’ve lost a considerable sum.”
Attention from the press became too taxing. There were more and more invasive questions, so I stopped giving interviews, even though it meant that Sherlock would hear less from me. I poured all my love and longing into the stories. Occasionally Mycroft would get scandalised and cross out the most indiscreet passages. I must admit that having him supervise my writing wasn’t without merit.
Next, Holmes asks Watson to act as a decoy which Watson did many times too. I don’t buy for a second that Watson wasn’t aware of this role. He makes it appear so to enhance the effect in the story, but I think it’s pretty clear that Holmes shared the plan with him or Watson saw right through it:
His pupils dilated, and he licked his lips. God, he was delectable. My prick stirred, starting to harden. Holmes swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. Countless images flashed through my mind and countless sensations rose in my memory, tempting, titillating… Not just yet. His hand withdrew, and he collected himself visibly. His face was an inscrutable mask again, but the glint in his eye remained.
Billy brought in a beautiful doll and a lovely set of toy soldiers. Mrs. Langley nearly cried. We had tea with the dear old lady and then Billy accompanied her home with the presents.
The parallels: a wrong path in life/a wrong relationship. They’re criminals both by trade and by being a couple (since homosexual relationships were outlawed at the time). The symbolism aside, the rest is not even subtext. It’s text, and it damn looks exactly what it is. There’s no need to make interpretations like in other Holmes stories. It’s right on the surface, in your face. The more I think about it, the more I become convinced that ACD was not only sympathetic with the queer community, but that he probably was a flaming bisexual just as Watson, but whether he acted on it or sublimated it into his writing is another matter.
When the forest opened and its twisted branches didn’t obstruct the view anymore, we found ourselves on a driveway which led towards a magnificent Regency manor-house surrounded by an impenetrable-looking tall brick wall. By the heavy iron gate the driver signalled with his lantern three times. As soon as we had passed through, the gate was closed behind us with a sharp clang.
After that, Holmes explains his reasoning, and as I have noted above, plainly confirms that Watson’s help was invaluable:
Exhausted and shivering, I gazed down into the swirling ice-cold waters which had swallowed Moriarty. My nemesis was dead but the game was far from being over. He had boasted that his organisation had not yet been defeated, and I was inclined to believe him. Moran would surely contact the rest of the gang and perhaps they would become less discreet with me seemingly out of the picture. There was yet another reason to postpone my resurrection: were I to reappear, John would be targeted again.
to relieve his pain, there’s only oil in Holmes’s house. No opium or morphine, considering his past.
And a quick note on how Watson, our dear flaming bisexual, never fails to appreciate good looks in people, even if they are crooks through and through:
“Yesterday, at half past four in the afternoon, a severely injured individual was brought here for treatment,” the man said. “Where is he now?”
We turned away from the window, and our gazes fell on the Christmas tree Mrs. Hudson had decorated in that homely, heartwarming way so dear to us both.
“Darling, we’re in London,” I said softly and stroked his side when the train came to a halt at Victoria.
One day the doctor could grow weary of Sherlock’s antics. Watson remained appreciative of the fair sex. One day he could wish for a conventional union, for a wife and a family. He would leave Sherlock, and Sherlock would spiral down into self-destruction again. This time it would be much worse, for Sherlock’s attachment to Watson was no youthful infatuation.
One morning I woke up to loud voices somewhere near me. There was also furious rustling of papers mingled with stomping around the room.
When we reached a narrow alley with linen drying on washlines stretched from wall to wall, our dogcart came to a skidding halt, and the next moment we were tearing through discoloured sheets and clothes. We were dashing from one winding passage to another, the black carriage always looming behind us on a wider street. The throbbing in my bad ankle grew into a raging cold fire spreading from the once-torn
That story began on the 20th of December, 1894, when I was dressing for a meeting with my army comrades. On a whim I dug out from the chest my old uniform and tried it on, wishing to check whether it fitted. Surprisingly, it did, although on the previous occasion, five years earlier, I considered myself to be somewhat stout for it.
We went to the bathroom where he prepared for me a hot bath with essential oils. He undressed me, and I submitted myself to his ministrations, for he enjoyed it as much as I did. When we settled in the bath, he washed me thoroughly, lovingly. His hands almost made me forget the problems which weighed on my mind, yet I had to stay alert.
One morning, I realised that Sherlock looked better. After breakfast he didn’t lie down but seated himself in the armchair, smoking and thumbing through newspapers idly. Still lack-lustre, his gaze wasn’t as apathetic anymore.
- These two friends are on first-name terms, calling each other Hugh and John, respectively, though they are by far not as close as Holmes and Watson. Which returns me to Sir Ian McKellen’s point that surely Holmes and Watson would address each other by given names;
Our steps resounded in the dark, abandoned structure as we ascended the creaking stairs. I grabbed John by the wrist—his presence and steadfast support were reassuring—and we prowled like two night creatures on the hunt. The window in the drawing-room commanded an excellent view of the street and the window of our own sitting-room. We settled ourselves in a dusty corner and admired the bait set for Moran.
“You know life in the army inside out while I obviously don’t. Success of the whole case depends on you. After all, you yourself brought it to my attention. Do you want it to be solved or not?”
, with great respect to the man’s loyalty. Watson offers to take a note to the school about their sad discovery, and to that Holmes replies:
A slick substance was smeared across my palm. At a close look, the flush on his cheeks bore a suspicious resemblance to rouge, and his paleness seemed enhanced by white powder while the crusts around his lips—
I believe that I am one of the most long-suffering of mortals; but I’ll admit that I was annoyed at the sardonic interruption.
Stamford nodded and smiled, his shrewd brown eyes growing sad for an instant. Behind his cockiness he was still very young, hardly more than a lad.
was published on the 25th of June and immediately was a great success, even though the two earlier novel-length instalments had gone mostly unnoticed. It only proved the effectiveness of the short story format. Herbert Greenhough Smith, the editor of
With that he staggered out in the open where he could be seen. I helplessly watched the black carriage charge at him from the other side of the street. He darted off into an aisle between the vegetable stalls of a small market nearby, and I lost sight of him. The black carriage slid sideways into one of the stalls, sending cabbages, carrots, and turnips flying. People screamed. The carriage turned around and drove away.
The following is the passage which was already touched upon in another post and its tags. I second that it was totally a good use of two hours, because Holmes whistling and singing? That I’d love to see!
“Mycroft, I appeal for your understanding,” I said in a milder tone. “You live your life as you deem best for you. Please allow me to do the same.”
“I just sent a note to the municipal office, and someone showed up,” I kept insisting. “You don’t suppose I would bury a stranger at my own expense?”
”. But ultimately he fails to see the true nature of a family he befriends. As one of the reviewers at goodreads put it, his help makes surrounding people “lazy and entitled rather than grateful”. It is an interesting parallel with Doyle himself who soon after that became quite rich thanks to Holmes stories. Did his family, who had had to struggle, become lazy and entitled when ACD helped them out? He spared his sisters from the necessity of working abroad as governesses (which might have been unsafe for a woman alone in a different country, entirely at the mercy of her employers. Perhaps such Holmes stories as “The Solitary Cyclist” or “The Copper Beeches” were in some ways inspired by ACD’s sisters’ work). Thanks to financial security ACD was able to provide the best treatment for his first wife, who had contracted tuberculosis, and thus extend her lifespan for much longer than doctors had predicted. ACD provided stability and prosperity for his mother who had raised him and his siblings practically alone. However, ACD’s sons by his second marriage did lead a playboy lifestyle, so there’s no definite answer.
To tell the truth, revisiting the past in my mind’s eye requires quite an effort. Sherlock deliberately misguided me when he said that Mycroft’s men were about to catch Moriarty. How naive it was of me to have believed! Knowing Sherlock, I should have realised he would do anything to keep me from harm, even including resorting to deception.
“Yes, being so suddenly uprooted was annoying,” Sherlock replied with a sardonic sniff. Then his wry smile disappeared, his eyes becoming serious. “John…” he said and faltered.
4) The struggles of Holmes’s young cousin are based on ACD’s experiences when he worked in Shropshire and Southsea in his early days. “A young doctor, named Verner”, who bought Watson’s practice and was “a distant relation of Holmes” is such a great Easter egg ACD put in NORW.
John had a true talent. At last I realised it, as did the rest of the world. His stories gained a tremendous following, and John became a celebrity. Reading his interviews in the press uplifted my spirits. It amused me how John repeatedly declined to answer questions about his personal life and wife, referring to his wish for privacy. Instead, he discussed at length his experiences abroad and combining his medical practice with writing. He always managed to sneak in a casual reference, a seemingly nonsensical play on words or a joke that would fall on the deaf ears of the public but held special meaning for me. Whenever I was on the verge of a nervous collapse, I thumbed through the newspaper cuttings or grabbed a volume of
“However, my explanation could cost you your life if my brother’s measures fail. They will arrest you as an accomplice.”
This story is told in third person, but the style is unmistakably Watson’s: the poetic language, a sense of duty and patriotism, and those peculiar descriptions of affection between Holmes and Watson. Why tell it this way then? Because it’s crucial for the build-up of mystery. Had the story been told in Watson’s usual first-person narration, Holmes’s appearance wouldn’t have produced such a dramatic effect.
Surely, he was delirious. I ignored his protests, of course, and was at his side in an instant. He tried to squirm away from me, but I overpowered him. Using force in such circumstances was more than justified, so I had no qualms about examining him against his will. That led to strangest results.
At our request various training equipment was delivered from London. We boxed, exercised, and went boating regularly on a small lake we had found in the depth of the forest. All of this worked wonders for John’s physique; he knew perfectly well what he did to me by rolling up his sleeves or discarding his shirt altogether. He teased me by flexing his arms or assuming the pose of a weight-lifter until I couldn’t tear my eyes from his sun-kissed body. Completely alone for many miles around, we swam in the lake naked and basked in the sun on the shore. The boathouse by the lake became one of our favourite places for carnal pleasures.
I could make neither head nor tail of this queer business. The toy was ordinary and absolutely new, so it offered no information as to its previous owner, had there been any at all. The crate smelled of lye soap. The meaning of this detail escaped me, which added to my frustration and confusion.
Months went by as I hunted down one criminal after another and, unbeknownst to them, maneuvered them into making mistakes which led to their imprisonment. By early 1893 my work in Europe was done: Moriarty’s mercenaries were all either convicted or now served the British government. I proceeded to India, planning to finish off the American branch last as it was quite self-sufficient. My luggage contained a considerable collection of
It wouldn’t do to finish yet, so I stopped, and my prick slid out of Holmes’s mouth. He trailed long, wanton kisses over my bollocks and then had me turn around and part my legs wider. His tongue slipped between my buttocks and lapped at my hole, making me gasp and curse. My mind went quite blank—no thoughts save the sensations of his tongue teasing the rim of my hole and thrusting inside. I groaned, exposing myself more. Slowly, gently, he worked me open as his tongue was going deeper. I frigged my prick, consumed by the growing need.
We retreated to the washing-room where we filled a large brass basin with warm water and lathered up fragrant beldi soap. Having settled down on a wooden bench, we scrubbed each other thoroughly until we were covered in the creamy foam from head to foot. I cleansed my entrance which required little preparation due to the vigorous intimacy we had had recently. Vaseline was on the shelf next to essential oils and clean towels—in this establishment everything was well thought of.
“No. A respectable-looking gentleman with a severe bout of asthma came in, saying he’d forgotten his medicine at home. He stayed in the consulting-room while I went to the dispensary. When I came back, there was no one here. I was heading outside to search for him in the street, and then it happened.”
—I knew Sherlock would stay in bed for days. With proper eating and sleeping his physical condition gradually improved, but he remained terribly subdued. It pained me to see him like this. As always happened when a black reaction was upon him, he withdrew into himself completely and it was impossible to tell what was passing through his mind. Hour after hour he would lie on the sofa, staring at the ceiling. Bodily he would be in the same room with me, whereas in spirit—miles and miles away. Yet there was a positive side to it: he abstained from the cocaine and morphine he would often use in such situations. At nights we slept entwined in each other’s arms. Although he wasn’t in the mood for anything amorous, my simply touching him seemed to give him consolation.
Afghanistan had indeed made me a light and fretful sleeper. That night I woke up seemingly for no reason, but something had brought my instincts alert. They’d saved me on many occasions while I served, and even though in civilian life they often proved to be a case of shattered nerves, I never dare ignore them. I lay in the dark, listening to the ringing silence of the house, and then I heard it—a low, monotonous sound which repeated at irregular intervals. My mind obligingly supplied memories of the unspeakable terror I had encountered in the Afghan caves. For a moment all I wished was to flee blindly without turning back. It took me an enormous effort to suppress that urge and rise from the couch. I was in London, not in the Middle East anymore, I told myself. The curse of that godforsaken land had no power here.
Mycroft took the papers from my trembling hand, threw them into the fire, and made sure they burned completely. Then, with a curt inclination of his head, he rose and sauntered off to the adjacent room. Seconds later, from that room emerged a dashing young man who was the picture of robust health.
Cursing myself for giving him such a shock, I undid his collar and loosened his necktie. The search for brandy or any drinkable alcohol in that consulting-room proved to be fruitless. There was none. I didn’t venture as far as the dispensary but stumbled upon smelling salts in one of the drawers of his desk.
Thankfully, the good inspector found a four-wheeler. Rattling back to Baker Street, I was trying to calm down, my fingers wrapped around Holmes’s wrist. His pulse was fluttering and somewhat arrhythmic. He was seated beside me, still unconscious, with his head laid on my shoulder and his nose buried into my frock-coat. I was angry with myself for not having insisted more firmly that he eat. I was angry with him for his stubbornness. He was not yet fully recovered from his three-year absence when he had often pushed himself to the limits of endurance, tracking down the remaining part of Moriarty’s syndicate.
When they break into Milverton’s house, Holmes doesn’t hesitate to take Watson’s hand to lead him through dark passages. He doesn’t take him by the wrist or forearm like just a friend would do, but by the hand, instinctively. A lot of touching is going on in the darkness, and the thrill of danger clearly has erotic overtones:
“Wild flowers and herbs, newly grown leaves and grass, and the rich, fertile soil. No trace of soot,” he drawled dreamily with his eyes closed.
I continued the massage, moving to his collarbone, where there was another scar: the entry point of the bullet. As my fingertips slid over its rough surface, a thought crossed my mind. Half an inch down, and the subclavian artery would have been ruptured, not grazed. He would have bled out before he was brought to the British lines. We would have never met.
Holmes bowed like a seasoned actor in front of his admiring public, but then he suddenly paled and grasped the edge of the kitchen table. I dashed to him.
I complied, and in a few minutes the three of us had extinguished the fire. The consulting-room which John had furnished with such care was a sorry sight: the area around the desk was damaged most—documents, books, the curtains, the chair, the carpet—all burnt and dripping wet. From the wall hung the mangled remains of the chandelier which would have been on the level exactly above John’s head had he sat behind his desk at the moment of the explosion.
Leastrade threw the pantry door open and recoiled in surprise. In the light of a small candle a bedraggled old woman was bustling about the pantry. She was dressed in a tattered misshapen dress and had a dirty shawl wrapped around her head, her face so grimy that with her crooked nose and a scowl she looked like a witch.
“Well, you do get carried away when it comes to your favourite subject. Ah, the science of deduction. I love you all the same.”
“I am Doctor John Watson, and you are in my surgery,” I replied in soothing tones. “Don’t worry, you are safe here.”
Roaming through Kensington towards Knightsbridge I found myself relieved. Perhaps it was for the better that our rendezvous was postponed. There was a murder to be investigated. Park Lane, where the Honorable Ronald Adair had lived, wasn’t particularly far, and although I had learned the particulars from the newspapers, visiting the crime scene was in order. I had to admit with dismay that the prospect of work helped me to keep my head clear. I was longing to see John, and yet I was such a coward.
Moved beyond words, John hugged her, and she returned his embrace with a gentle smile. My heart clenched; I put my arms around them both.
He watched me with heavy-lidded eyes, following the movements of my fingers as I was undoing my necktie and collar and then unbuttoning my waistcoat and shirt. My headache abated somewhat; my heart was beating faster under his gaze raking over my body. I sauntered closer to him and stripped in a slow, graceful manner. Teasing him stirred my blood, warmth spreading along my chest and neck and rushing to my groin. John had a catching of breath when I shed my trousers and drawers and stood in front of him completely nude, as Nature had created me. I hadn’t perceived myself as beautiful before we became lovers, yet the way he looks at me and speaks to me, the way he touches me and describes me in his writings made me feel it. It is wonderous.
“And this is a special delivery from the Hamleys management for your granddaughter and grandson,” Holmes continued, ringing the bell.
We had a wonderful, lazy morning admiring the view of the mountains from the hotel veranda. I was waiting for a sign from my opponent, but there seemed to be none. No one approached me and no message was delivered. Therefore, I decided to take the next step by continuing the journey to Rosenlaui, a neighbouring village over the hills. Although a little surprised by the change in plans, John didn’t object. The landlord was especially insistent in suggesting that we visit the Reichenbach Falls on our way there. His fervour caught my attention—he might be assisting Moriarty, wittingly or unwittingly.
Stamford indeed proved to be an apt assistant. Together we managed to stop the bleeding quite swiftly. It took us more than two hours to finish the repairs and close our patient. Having finished, we put him carefully onto the couch and went out for a smoke.
Or the case of a husband who disappeared without trace. No, Hastings doesn’t meet Poirot at an opium den, but instead Inspector Japp brings this case to Poirot and makes a bet that Poirot won’t be able to solve it without leaving his flat. Poirot takes on the challenge, calling himself
“Thanks to his travels, Smith is well-acquainted with a number of rare tropical diseases. One of them, the so-called atypical Sumatran malaria, has practically the same symptoms as the current influenza, except that it is not airborne and invariably kills within three or four days. Convenient, isn’t it? A person dies of malaria in the influenza-stricken city and that raises no questions whatsoever. Simply genius!
We got out by the decrepit rusty gate and made our way across the garden through the lush grass. Inside, the house was full of natural light, its rooms tidy if sparsely furnished. The hall led into a spacious parlour and a library to the left with a dining-room and a kitchen to the right. I left the basket of food there and followed Holmes up the stairs.
First of all, short stories are written from Hasting’s POV which is a direct reference to Watson and Dupin’s nameless companion. At the beginning of this story Poirot is getting restless without a case, just like Holmes does. But unlike Holmes, who laments the lack of ingenuity in criminals, Poirot is so self-important that he seriously assumes that criminals are too afraid of him to commit any crimes.
I have to admit that I admired his courage—very few of the cabinet ministers dare to confront me with such audacity. My intent to intimidate him had failed. Watson was no coward. In fact, there was only one other person who could stand up to me in this manner. It was rather satisfying to find out that the man was a match for Sherlock.
“Dr. Watson,” he said. “There is one more thing to be finalised. If you would come with me to the solicitor’s office to hear out Sherlock’s will?”
My brother is also a proud man. Therefore, when Sherlock had a wish to improve his living conditions, he refused any kind of help from me. He was compelled to search for a flatmate and thus met John H. Watson.
This story has so many points I’d like to bring up for discussion that for convenience I broke this analysis into two parts. Charles Augustus Milverton had a real prototype—Charles Augustus Howell (1840–1890), who was an art dealer, had a reputation of a blackmailer, and was found dead at strange circumstances (
After it got dark, we retired early, as it was prudent to spare the single candle we had. Neither of us was in the need of sleep yet, and our choice of a pastime, if predictable, was deeply satisfying for us both. In the process we made another discovery: the ancient bed creaked atrociously. Those loud, high-pitched whining sounds must have reverberated throughout the entire house. We were very glad no one else was there to hear it.
More and more glimpses follow as the story nears its culmination: Holmes is irritable, Holmes can’t sleep, and when the solution dawns upon him, Holmes cries out,
Our hands remained linked. I hoped this human touch would comfort Holmes at least a little. As if reading my thoughts, Holmes smiled weakly and closed his eyes.
—The following days turned into a single blur. I didn’t notice time in my drunken stupor. The long-suffering, dear Mrs. Hudson pleaded with me to eat, as my mother used to plead with my father during his sessions.
Having finished my message to John, I tore out the pages and put my cigarette-case over them on the rock beside which I had left my Alpine-stock.
“You may go too, Rance,” I said to the constable as I started my incision. “I’ll let you know if he survives.”
We were there in fifteen minutes; a grim butler showed me into a luxurious study and closed the doors behind me. I expected to find the sufferer on the sofa in the centre of the room, but instead, by the fire in the armchair sat Mycroft Holmes.
I got to my feet to get a better look, and Sherlock reposed on the sofa, apparently fatigued. The Colonel proceeded with showing me his little collection and then told us of a local robbery which had taken place at the neighbouring estate not long before. Naturally, it caught Sherlock’s attention, but I nipped such a development in the bud by reminding him that he was to rest and not to get involved in new conundrums. Sherlock acquiesced with a comic resignation that amused the Colonel. The three of us talked about other things, and in a few minutes my dear was yawning.
At the same instant Holmes and I dashed down the stairs. Saville ignored Lestrade ostentatiously, and just as Lestrade was about to grab him, Saville attacked the Inspector. We ran up to them in mere seconds, but the fight was already over—Saville had got hold of Lestrade’s weapon, hooked an arm around Lestrade’s neck from behind, and pressed the barrel to Lestrade’s head.
Upstairs, John’s bedroom—the larger one which we had shared—was as cosy as if we had never been away. Our double bed was made up with fresh linens. I sensed slight tremors in John’s hands while we undressed each other. His racing heartbeat and the urgency of his kisses were born not only of passion. He was nervous just as I was, just as we both had been years ago, the first time we had been intimate. John blushed under my gaze, uncomfortable and ashamed, when I had divested him of his clothes and he was lying naked on the bed. His body once was toned with rippling muscles, stout and powerful. Now ribs protruded from under his sallow skin, and his belly was sunken, no trace of that roundness about it which I had so adored. It broke my heart even more that John was distressed by my gaze. His full stand flagged and so did mine. I extended my own withered arms, riddled with countless needle punctures. He contemplated them mournfully, trailing feather-light caresses along my damaged flesh. It was ugly, yet he cherished it nonetheless, his eyes shining with a steadfast resolve to cure my wounds. Our gazes met, and the shadow cleared from his face, for he realised that I accepted and cherished him just the same. There was no one else in the world for me, no one more desirable than he. It rekindled the fire in us. Our first union was hurried and sloppy; neither of us was able to draw out our pleasure, but it didn’t matter. Too overwrought to sleep, we worshipped each other’s bodies throughout the remains of the night.
, his feelings for McPherson being most likely unrequited. Then McPherson fell for Maud. And Murdoch, loving him selflessly, agreed to be a messenger between them.
“I’m intrigued by the prospect of observing your Watson as a flatmate,” Mycroft said as we sat smoking in the Stranger’s Room.
, where a vice-like tentacle had grabbed me. My limp was getting worse and worse. Holmes was out of breath too, pale and gasping for air like a fish thrown ashore. Something—a discarded bottle or a brick—got under my feet, and I tumbled down in a heap. I knew I wouldn’t be able to get up.
“I’m sure you selected the best one. After all, it was you who found our Baker Street flat,” I replied.
The newspapers were as boring as they had been before John Hector McFarlane had come running to our door. Lestrade’s shrewdness was praised everywhere, of course. Someday I’ll set the matter right. When I write up this case, I won’t change the names of its participants. Since McFarlane’s reputation was restored by the press, he shouldn’t mind, I think.
Providence had granted me the greatest gift imaginable. Despite having renounced religion long ago, I hadn’t renounced God. As I passed the village chapel, something came over me; I walked in and prayed, prayed as fervently as when I was a boy.
“Bless you, Doctor, it won’t be a full-fledged search. Why, have you anything to hide?” Lestrade quipped with a predatory grin.
which of course upsets Watson, but let’s pause for a second: if Watson really was that inefficient, would Holmes continue to rely on him? (Holmes did that in many cases, e.g. HOUN or SOLI). Why would Holmes listen to Watson’s impressions so attentively? Because Watson is actually perceptive, even if the whole meaning might escape him sometimes. At this point it seems to be more of teasing than a real rebuke since Holmes instantly amends:
“Want you in me…” Sherlock murmured, panting. “I should be fine for that, but it’s better to… would you?..”
John entered, appearing his usual self at a cursory glance, but within a few seconds it was obvious that something was amiss. There was a glint of recent agitation in his eyes; a thin reddish welt on his neck was half-hidden under his collar; he wore a different coat from that he had donned in the morning; he held his valise in his left hand; and bandages on his right wrist were peeking from his sleeve.
Continuing to debunk the myth of Holmes’s indifference and rudeness to other people. Look at this man:
“Agatha is a code word for the police. They are visiting at eleven, which gives me half an hour to disappear.”
I paid the cabby and sprang out of the hansom the moment it stopped. My heart hammered wildly as I ran up the front steps, pushed open the door, and made for the consulting-room through the smoke-filled corridor. From its opposite end John was hurrying to the consulting-room too, carrying a bucket of water.
“Out of the question,” I replied, getting dressed. “I must send them off on the wrong track. Otherwise they will be at Victoria before us and we won’t be able to board the train.”
(1910). Unlike Holmes, whose health problems are due to neglecting his own well-being while working, Poirot is fatigued by numerous cases, many of which he took because of money only, having no particular interest in them.
Archie Swinsby was a man-about-town with a flat in Albany who acted as an intermediary between wealthy clients and soldiers as well as telegraph boys. Instructing his protégés to initiate risqué correspondence and knowing where clandestine trysts took place provided Swinsby with numerous options for blackmailing. Before recruiting a new employee, Swinsby tasted the goods personally. I was to lure him into a male brothel nearby.
In my thoughts I vowed again to do everything I could to atone for that dark time I had put him through. There was a square morocco case in the inner pocket of my jacket, and I sensed that the moment for it was right. When I had pondered a gift for John, I had been at a loss. In the old days we had given each other some practical trifles which conveyed the sentiment of caring by being useful or enjoyable, like a walking stick or a box of cigars. But that would be too banal for this occasion. What else? A piece of jewellery, which would not be practical and hence prosaic? He already wore my ring on the fourth finger of his right hand as I wore his, on the little finger of my left hand. Another symbol of matrimony would be superfluous, yet I still wished to present him with one. He could have moved on during our separation, could have entered a conventional marriage to raise a family of his own. But he hadn’t. He had waited for me instead.
Like I’ve mentioned before, Christie was not the only one who borrowed from predecessors. Doyle himself was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe. Poe’s Dupin is an eccentric which leads a secluded life with his companion, tends to talk in soliloquies, investigates for amusement, and keeps silent about his findings until the time is ripe. Doyle borrowed the concept from Poe while making his own works less graphic in depiction of violence, less wordy, and more dynamic. However, Christie, in turn, did not just borrow some characterisations from Doyle. In several cases she copied details almost verbatim and nicked a couple of plots as well.
“This time no charges will be pressed, and there will be no trouble. But you have to be careful. These vultures only profit from such kind of thing.”
“You studied well at the university. Thank you for your help,” I said and shook his hand. “Why did you not qualify?”
After a brief pause he let me in, his cheeks flushed a little. He was in his nightshirt and dressing-gown. There was a tell-tale tenting of the nightshirt—his prick was at a half-stand under it. He smiled ruefully as my gaze travelled from his groin to the lowest drawer of the bedside table where we kept a phallus-shaped toy we occasionally used. The drawer was slightly open.
“Yes, the injured did mention his name before he died—he indeed called himself Mr. Stark Munro. I have already been interrogated by
“Yes, sir. Your brother checked its contents personally, and as per his instruction, it was placed in your room.”
“I’ll be the judge of that. Too much excitement is bad for you at this stage. You must rest,” I replied, putting a pillow under his head and covering him with a blanket.
Their relationship had been steady for six years when Sherlock finally relented and agreed to introduce Watson to me. I had a minor case on my hands which served as a pretext for Sherlock’s visit to the Diogenes Club.
—We hardly exchanged a word on our way to Kent. As soon as the train began to move, Mrs. Hudson busied herself with knitting. She looked haggard, her complexion devoid of colour, dark circles under her eyes and a deep crease between her eyebrows that hadn’t been there before. My behaviour had aggravated her own distress. With a pang of remorse I averted my gaze from her and peered out the window. The monotonous sound of the wheels lulled me to a sleep which thankfully brought no lasting dreams.
“I might have some objections to the style, but that doesn’t mean I didn’t like it,” Holmes parried airily.
“Occasionally, but I haven’t made any particular plans yet,” I admitted. “It’s still years away, isn’t it? Besides, you love the city, Sherlock!”
And of course, the moment Gibson raises his fist in a fit of fury, Watson is on his feet, ready to protect Holmes, and Holmes doesn’t turn a hair.
Mr. and Mrs. Turner were most considerate hosts. They didn’t force their company on me, and I kept to myself as much as I wished, occasionally lending my hand as a doctor to treat Mr. Turner’s rheumatism. Mrs. Hudson’s plan worked: visiting the nearest public-house was out of the question. For the sake of propriety, I had to stay sober until returning to London.
Seriously, it’s as if Holmes says, “In your face, Milverton. There might be some rumours, but you have nothing on us.” Well, “partner” has various definitions, but consider this: in his
Our private fancy ball proved to be an absolute success. Sated, exhausted, and boneless, for a long while we lay in a tangle of limbs, skin to skin. John had discarded his tunic and undershirt, so there was nothing between us. I had cleaned us up lazily, and now we were sharing the afterglow.
“You have done very well, John,” I said, trying not to ogle him. “The case is solved. Tomorrow you and I shall visit Colonel Warburton and help him to untangle himself from the situation he was forced into.”
A week passed in the calm before the storm. John avoided going about on foot, especially in the less safe areas of the city. A trusted cabby drove him wherever he needed. I stayed in my various refuges while our Baker Street flat was empty. The Irregulars watched over it from the outside but noticed nothing unusual. That week was busy, for I had learned that Moriarty was planning to eliminate Lord Knightsborough, the judge appointed to preside at Jelland’s trial. Lord Knightsborough was one of the few judges who wouldn’t be intimidated by Moriarty’s connections and hence wouldn’t give him a chance to slip away from answering to the law.
This story, for instance, involves a cross-dressing American young man who together with his partner in crime was getting money out of Britons by cheating at cards. Spoiler ahead: this young man was found dead in a train compartment which he had earlier boarded disguised as a woman, accompanied by his partner (who went as far as following him to England from America). The young man’s older brother had tried to get him an honest job and to separate him from the influence of the said criminal partner.
It’s a fun thing that Watson of the canon is less snarky than the Granada Watson. He’s so in love with his Holmes it hurts:
2. This is followed by a country idyll. I adore the plural possessive which is usually reserved for married couples (and they absolutely are):
“Oh, publishers,” I grumbled at the mention of that particular peeve of mine. “That was the most daunting part of it all. They kept rejecting it for five years, and I had to rewrite it again and again. Finally, Ward, Lock & Co. deigned to accept it. It shall be published in
John and I rose to greet him when he entered our sitting-room. Judging by his robust, complacent countenance, business in the office was going well. The complete downfall of the former Moriarty’s network had provided him with more leverage than ever. The best international spies he had obtained for his use had clearly proved their value.
So perhaps ACD deliberately propagated these misconceptions about Holmes and Watson which became widely-accepted cliches. Why would he do that? Because of his impish sense of humour? Or to make those who actually read the novels and short stories question the cliches and look past them? Maybe both?
When we wished to be completely at leisure, one of Holmes’s small refuges for his undercover work served the purpose. We called it affectionately our fuck-nook. It was safe, but we had to be careful lest we should be recognised and followed. The cab took us to the southern outskirts of London, where endless rows of dull brick buildings stretched far into the bleak countryside. We alighted on a shabby backstreet and walked the rest of the way until we reached the familiar place which from the outside looked like an abandoned workhouse.
The man’s face was bruised, and there was blood all across his left shoulder, seeping through a makeshift bandage. The blood was scarlet, arterial; it was dripping rapidly down his arm as he was carried. There was no time to be lost. I told Stamford and Rance to lay the man gently onto the operating table which stood by the window, shielded by a screen from the rest of the consulting-room.
The work which lay ahead of me seemed hideous in its magnitude. At times I had dark episodes of despair, thinking that I would never reunite with John and have my life back. But even at the distance of miles and miles John managed to warm me with his light. His first short story was an amazing surprise, and I cherished each new one that followed. He spoke to me in a language only the two of us could understand. He was thinking of me. He loved me and waited for me. That gave me strength to fight on.
Watson saluted again, turned on his heel, and marched to the door, his back ramrod straight. The tunic covered his pert buttocks but tantalisingly repeated their curve.
“I had no means to establish a practice upon graduation and the army seemed a sensible choice,” I replied. “The risk was worth it. Or so it seemed.”
My progress slowed down. I spent most of the time in my drab, bug-ridden hotel room sleeping. In my dreams John and I were together again, enjoying our domestic intimacy. I didn’t want to wake up to a reality where I was alone and on the run. The game held no appeal without John by my side. Even in my waking hours I daydreamed, imagining John’s voice, his smile, the way his eyes always lit up when I came home… I remembered his touches, his scent, the gentle brush of his moustache against my upper lip… My mind was losing its clarity.
“When I was younger, its hustle and bustle stimulated me. Lately I find it too overwhelming at times. Our country outings, though, are always soothing for my senses. Fits of the black mood… tend to be less severe in the countryside.”
I was already at a half-stand from having his rapt attention fixed upon me. He licked his lips and swallowed, the bulge between his legs growing. Not taking his eyes off me, he disrobed with quick efficiency of a military man. Smiling, I reached out and pulled him up to his feet. He leaned forward to kiss me, but I slipped away from him and made for the warm room where the air was sultry and relaxing. The stone floor, the tiled mosaic walls and ceiling—every surface in the room gave off dry, healing heat, exactly what we both needed.
John was very pleased with the prospective buyer. They scheduled their meeting for the beginning of July. Upon our return to London, Verner and his wife visited John in Kensington as per their appointment, and the deal was settled on the spot. John had a most favourable impression of the young couple, pleased that he was leaving his practice in good hands. Later that day I met with Verner too, and he assured me that he had received my cheque. I didn’t show how surprised I was, seeing as I hadn’t sent any yet. There could be only one person behind it—my brother was annoyingly persistent in his meddling.
“Well, perhaps it’s his coping method. He’ll come around.” Mycroft shrugged his shoulders, helping himself to fresh coffee and croissants.
“I insist that you eat a regular, not-celebratory dinner before you go,” she said. “Look at the two of you, outrageously thin!”
My hunger didn’t escape his attention. He raised an eyebrow and gave me a most provocative stare. My pathetic attempts at self-control clearly amused him while he was recounting to me every piece of gossip he had gathered in the officers’ club.
Watson immediately has a sense of affinity with Mr. Cubitt. It is clear from Watson’s description of the man:
him into taking a holiday. Even in The Adventure of the Reigate Squire Holmes wasn’t that pigheaded.
While Mycroft listened to my stilted narrative, not a muscle moved upon his face. I forced myself to meet his piercing gaze, even though I could hardly bring myself to do it. I had failed Sherlock. I had failed to observe. I had failed to help. I was the reason Sherlock had sacrificed himself.
—Today is one of those quiet days at the very end of the year when there’s nothing else to do except sit at home by the fire and reflect on the past. I’d rather not dwell on the future at the moment. I’m only glad that Holmes managed to sneak away from America for the holiday season without endangering his undercover mission. How we’ve missed each other! His homecoming was the best Christmas gift imaginable. At least he can rest for a while from his Irish-American guise. As has been his custom since his return, he preferred to sleep in and won’t rise until lunchtime, so here I am, alone in our sitting-room, ensconced on the sofa and scribbling in my notebook.
“I am afraid that we are compelled to postpone that until tomorrow, my dear Mrs. Hudson,” I said. “But there are some directions for you which you must follow to the letter for your own safety. If I am not much mistaken, tonight one individual shall try to assassinate me with an air-gun, so please stay away from the windows and convey this same warning to Jenny and Billy as well.”
It was a cold and damp autumn evening, the never-ending rain hammering monotonously against the window-panes. The flickering fire in the grate hardly dispelled the omnipresent chill. Wrapped in the blanket, I was sitting in my armchair, contemplating a case brought to my attention by Lestrade. At first glance, the case wasn’t difficult, and yet some details didn’t make sense. I devised theory after theory, rearranged the pieces of the puzzle this way and that, and still failed to find an answer. All facts were at my fingertips, but the solution escaped me. It was annoying. I had smoked a heap of shag tobacco during the evening and was intending to smoke another during the night.
“Oh, sweetheart.” I grasped his hand and pressed my lips to it as I sat down on the side of the bed.
I came hard, filling John up with my seed. He gasped and arched his neck as he kept riding me. An instant later he reached the crisis too, shooting thick white spurts all over my stomach and chest. I could even feel the tang of his essence on my lips.
“Definitely. This also implies that the clock wasn’t a part of a time-bomb either. Perhaps it was used as a hiding place for a primitive bomb or someone simply poured gunpowder inside the case.”
“I hope you don’t mind that I appropriated it,” John said, his voice tight, as if he wished to elaborate but couldn’t.
Dear me, Watson, your obvious is showing. Either you forgot to edit the former statement or you left it that way deliberately for your perceptive readers. Then again, she could have given Holmes a double room suite with a bed in each room, but that would’ve been superfluous, right? Since Holmes had intended to be there alone and met Watson at the den after the arrangements had been made.
The ladies fell silent; very carefully, Billy prodded my arm with his forefinger. Jenny made the sign of the cross, muttering a prayer under her breath.
The other. My blood ran cold in my veins. It could only be about John. Somehow my instincts told me that it was not Mycroft’s rooms in Pall Mall or a patient’s house. I hailed a cab and rushed to Paddington. Driving up to John’s surgery, I was horrified when I saw black smoke billowing out of the broken window, shards of glass strewn on the ground below. On a bleak, foggy day lighting indoors was necessary, which had enabled the gang to use the same plan here. The servants I had selected personally, so the culprit must have been a patient.
“Why, yes. If a perceptive, wise lady and a licensed doctor of medicine believed my acting, it should most certainly work on Smith.” Holmes chuckled and rubbed his hands, clearly oblivious to my growing wrath. “My plan went a bit awry, though: you were supposed to keep your distance. No matter. Go fetch him. Tell him I’m at my last breath and wish to speak to him before I die. He won’t miss an opportunity to gloat.”
it would be only natural for them to destroy Holmes by hurting someone dear to him. Had Watson died by their hands, for Holmes it would have been worse than his own death. Similarly, Holmes kept Watson out of the fight as much as he could. It entailed the three-year separation which was also tragic in many ways, but at least Holmes succeeded in protecting Watson.
Mrs. Hudson’s brother-in-law met us at the station with a dog-cart. Mr. Turner was an amiable rotund man in his fifties, the epitome of a hard-working English farmer. He drove us as carefully as he could, having noticed that I was unwell. When we alighted by an old but sturdy farmhouse and were ushered into a cosy drawing-room, Mrs. Turner welcomed us, as boisterous and enthusiastic as ever.
Her voice, now clear and strong, was ringing with indignation. I grasped her hand and kissed it, and the next moment was on my way to Kensington.
“No, not anymore,” I murmured, leaning forward to take his hand into mine. “I’m so relieved that you are not ill.”
In a moment John joined me, and I was struck by the happiness shining in his eyes. He was walking on air as if he had emerged victorious, having placed the biggest bet in his life. I couldn’t help smiling at the sight of him.
January of 1890 was a particularly dreary month as I recall. The New Year hadn’t been happy due to the raging epidemic of the Russian Influenza which had originated somewhere in Siberia and reached Britain by the end of December. By January it was at its peak in London. The scourge made no distinction amongst the classes, mowing down everyone from a factory worker to the Prime Minister, who was on his sickbed for over a fortnight.
We broke the kiss and for a few moments breathed each other’s air, sobering up a little. Then Holmes pulled away and lit the lamp on wall. Beside the lamp there was a mirror, and below—a chest of drawers which contained clothes, make-up, and other necessities for disguises. I started the fire in the water heater in the corner of the room. Soon it would be warm enough to be comfortable. Half of the room was occupied by a big, sturdy bed. A worn rug covered the floor. This place even had a decent water closet. On the whole our hideaway was not bad at all.
Within four weeks I was in France, tidying up any threads I had missed. There wasn’t a day when I didn’t think about John. I would see him in my dreams, reaching out to me, his lips moving, but his words carried away by the wind. Upon waking I would feel that something was wrong, very wrong. The feeling grew more and more insistent until I was unable to go on in ignorance. Rather than asking Mycroft, I used one of my own connections to bring me a person who would definitely know how John had been faring.
We spent Christmas Eve quietly, having ordered a nice dinner from Simpson’s. With Mrs. Hudson gone to her daughter’s in Fulham, we had the house to ourselves and lounged upon our bearskin hearthrug the whole evening. The years of separation and loneliness had passed; we didn’t dwell on the sad memories but enjoyed the present instead, getting the most out of it.
She shook her head as I passed her on my way out. Her disapproval would not dissuade me, although I knew how distressed she was. It reminded me of my brother again—reasoning with him had been useless.
“No, but since then I could never work as a medical man. You might say I got off lightly. That fellow, for example,” Stamford glanced towards the surgery, “must have really ticked
Mycroft bombarded me with upbraiding missives which I ignored. One crisp, frosty morning in New York I dragged myself out for a walk in Central Park. Winter idyll was all around me: courting couples on the promenade, husbands and wives watching their children skate on the frozen pond, and nannies strolling with perambulators. Suddenly it occurred to me how selfish I was being. If John were to meet an attractive lady who could give him the comfort of a family circle and the joy of fatherhood, should I begrudge him a chance at a happy life? What kind of love would deny him that? If, on the contrary, his health had declined from the constant stress, I was duty-bound to hurry. In any eventuality, I had to see for myself what was going on and thus I had to free my hands the sooner the better. That very day I set myself back to work with renewed energy.
“I accept your apologies, Mr. Holmes,” she replied with a twinkling eye. “And you shall certainly keep your promises
I do enjoy stories about Poirot, both in the books and on screen. I think the adaptation with David Suchet is superb and done by amazingly talented people. But still, it’s not difficult to say why for me Holmes stays number one.
2) Some scholars consider Watson’s birthday to be on August 7, but since Holmes stories are in a way ACD’s self-insert, I settle for May 22.
During the rest of my stay at the Turners’ I pondered the next course of action. Sherlock was alone upon his quest. Considering his mood swings and his tendency to work himself into exhaustion, isolation would be very hard on him. There had to be a way of sending him a word of encouragement.
I couldn’t help being astonished by the effect of an intriguing case on Holmes, despite having seen the transformation many times. His black melancholy had disappeared without trace, replaced by fierce energy and excitement. Under different circumstances I would have been glad. Instead, my temper was rising.
It was not. The next morning I accompanied the police to the falls, and there we examined the place together, bit by every bit. The verdict of the official forces offered no comfort, confirming that which I had feared most. There had been a struggle, and it had been fatal for both opponents. Recovery of the bodies would not be feasible.
