Cas then has to leave with Balthazar but leaves with Dean’s current email address and phone number burning in his pocket.
A week later and you are still being sick in the mornings, your breasts ache and your belly is slightly more rounded.  You place a hand upon your belly and offer a prayer of thanks for this new gift and another title to match wife, mother.  Dean is overjoyed, excitably whooping when you confirm what both of you have tiptoed around for weeks.  He is even more attentive and loving, coming home in the middle of his working day to make sure that you are well.  You have to chase him away back to the fields when he gets under your feet for too long.
You should ignore the heat in your stomach and try to hide it in your gaze.  You have always been tempted by what the church calls unnatural and a sin.  You keep this part of you so secret; you have been present at the executions of so called sodomists.  But in your eyes they have only been guilty of falling in love.
Calais, you smile at the memory.  Calais when the whole court decamped to France was when Dean first kissed you.  In a darkened corner of a back room, terrified in case anyone saw you but he kissed you tentatively as if you both discover something new born and want to treat it gently.
Although do we really have it anymore?"
“Nah not since we were kids,” Sam explained, watching his brother with proud eyes.  Castiel wasn’t sure why but he felt quite relieved that Dean and Jo were not a couple. He again pushed that treacherous thought into the back of his mind.   He didn’t know why, this was the third time he had seen Dean, he hadn’t even spoken to him and Castiel was entranced by the man.
In desperation you sneak into the hospital unit of the camp which is mainly for soldiers, when the doctors are not looking you steal some antibiotics.  You have the medicine now all you need is the patient.  Dean is marching back after a day on the boot tracks and he looks like death, you shout at him angrily ordering him to come to you.   He does trying to hurry; the other guards jeer at him and salute you.  You inwardly wince but yell to them that you want to teach the boy a lesson for not being quick enough and your comrade’s laugh and march away with the other prisoners.
Noticing this Sam made an excuse to go to local library, he said he wanted to look for a Latin translation of something and he left the pair standing opposite each other in the motel room.
“No, it’s the dumbest idea I ever heard of.” Dean scoffed
Castiel had stood so close, personal space was something he had never understood, but he understood the undertone of desire, their faces were so close together and Dean had watched him lick his lip, his lustful eyes staring before he pulled away, awaiting the anger and disgust to come his way from Dean, but the hunter hadn't shouted, instead he grabbed Castiel's wrist, the angel feebly tried to pull away "Don't" Dean growled, feeling an itch on his skin that needed scratched as he plunged his lips on to Castiels.
“That you fancied me at thirteen?” Dean fingered his coffee cup thoughtfully.
“I was taking a walk,” Castiel replied
He sighs and tells you this should be how you spend your last night.  He kisses you gently but passionately growling that if this is to be your last night then he doesn’t want to spend it fighting.  You let him drag you to the bed kissing your flushed cheeks.  He tells you that he loves you that he always will.  You bite back a sob and you let him move against you.  You plead against his lips that he makes love to you.
It is an opening to a gentle thaw, he speaks to you now even if it is just to thank you for food in front of Samuel or ask you to wash his shirts.  But he still does not look at you with kind eyes, he looks through you.   You are struggling with this pregnancy, it is making you weary and even simple tasks like hanging up washing are tiring you.   Your first pregnancy you were so happy and carried Samuel in ignorant bliss but as your time approaches you know it will be early winter when the child arrives and you start to fear for your life as many mothers and children die in winter childbirths.
And those that didn't succeed at least made the angel's life a living misery and one day Crowley, supposed that he may get the news that the angel was dead.
He argued that he couldn’t be grounded as he was meeting Dean the next day to play more football.
And then he realised the love in Castiel's grace is for him.
You feel ashamed that you give into it and also that you betray your friend by fantasising about him like this.  After one potent time you avoid him which is difficult on board a ship but you lock yourself in your cabin, ignoring knocks from Dean and his brother.
He then asks you why you are a whore, you feel the shame he brings about in you rear its ugly head and try and turn away but he grabs your wrist and demands an answer.  You look in to his eyes and hiss that you have no choice.  You tell him that like him you were ripped from your conquered land.
Women, men, wine, good food was all for the taking if they wanted to take it.  The brothers are silent as Crowley talks, defiance in their eyes.  You can tell that they would have been warriors of their clans back wherever they came from.  They have been ripped from all they know, their homes and families taken by an empire they despise.
He has never looked at a man, till Cas. And Cas is his best friend; he is a shitty friend to do this to him. The angel is so broken and yet so is Dean; it was perhaps always going to happen between them after everything they had gone through. But it's just meant to be sex. Like always. Satisfying a craving because Dean is straight, he just needed Cas.
Zachariah Kellerman, the manager of the whole holiday camp was waiting for the family when they arrived, “Chuck!” he greeted, his suit of the highest standard “It is so good to see you,”
He beckons for you to sit beside him, a smile tugging on his lips and you exclaim as he pours you a goblet of wine.  He passes you the goblet and you skin tingles briefly as your fingers brush together and you are startled to see that he visibly jumps too.
Kansas Infantry regiment.  You beg Dean not to go, you remind him he has a son and he cannot leave his son.  But he tells you calmly that he cannot be seen to be a traitor, he wants to fight for the cause.
Become God for him.
You look to the empty horizon and swear you can still hear the cries that stab your heart.  You turn back into your cottage, to prepare for you death.  Sacrificing any comfort you could have had on your deathbed, you will have no company or loved ones but that is the sacrifice you want so your daughter can live.
Castiel hated her even more, but tensed when he saw Hester crossing the dance floor to go to Dean, interrupting his dancing with Vivian to ask where Jo was. Castiel leaned forward to try and hear what was being said. Satisfied that Dean’s hands were off Vivian for at least two seconds, all he could hear was “She is having a break,” Dean hissed.
“You not dancing Doc?” Zach Kellerman asked coming to Castiel and his parents side.
You realise then what is truly holy.
He smiles and kisses you again.  He sets to it straight away, abandoning the field to finding wood. Over the next two days he builds a new bed and burns the old one.  It is night time on the second day that it is ready and you are lying on your backs in your bed.  It feels new to you both despite the fact you have been married nearly six years you have not spent much in your marriage bed.
Dean wasn't gay, he hadn't known what he was doing on that dark night, but it didn't stop him, didn't stop him pinning Castiel to the car bonnet, pulling their trousers down and rutting hard against each other, feeling the fire in his gut, telling him it was good, telling him it was what he wanted, what he needed, that he wanted to hear Cas scream his name into the star filled sky.
He tapped his foot to the music rolling his eyes at his sister Anna beside who was making sure her make-up was ok for the one millionth time since they left home, his father bit back a snort from the front and caught his son’s gaze from the rear view mirror and Castiel grinned, he would never find a greater man that his father, he was sure of it, he was 18 years old and his father was his hero.
Crowley had been jubilant, not being able to contain his glee but should have has asked for the body and so to all purposes to the King of Hell, his minions, to Hell, Earth and Heaven. Castiel, angel of the lord was dead.
In the burning mess, time blurs and they are naked moving against each other, letting their bodies melt together, melt into one. Dean bites the angel's shoulder; Castiel sucks at Dean's neck as the pace picks up frantically.
Castiel tries to shrug him off but instead melts into the kiss, throwing his arms around Dean and clinging to his shoulders as he melts into his kiss.  And it’s exactly the same as it was years ago except they are fighting, fighting with their tongues and pushing against each other with bodies, hard enough to bruise.
A mambo opened up and Hester bounced happily, “Mambo! Come on!”
He cuts you off by grabbing fistfuls of your damp shirt and plunging his lips on yours.  You are stunned momentarily before attacking him back passionately grabbing his head and trailing your hands through his long hair.
All the circle of the Queen will be taken; you look back and think you were all too reckless.  You realise that you thought yourselves invincible, because you were close to the Queen.  The woman Henry VIII had chased for years, this clever woman who had toppled cardinals and Spanish Queens. Being her ally and friend was an honour and very rewarding.
Castiel started to listen to the music and felt less like an idiot, rolling his hips backwards and then in the opposite direction, he felt Dean’s hand on his hip again as he gently brought them together, throwing Castiel’s arm around his neck and ground his own hips against Castiel's.
The first time he touches you, you almost faint, your whole body burns and you realise this is how it feels to be touch by a living God.  A God on Earth.  But the touches become an often recurrence.  Brushes of his hand upon your shoulder, your back and fingers that brush against your hand.   You never dare return these touches.  He is Pharaoh, he is sacred and you are unable to touch him even if you heart constantly tells you to do so.
Castiel nodded, "Put everything that you don't want me to see behind a wall and I won't see it and I won't be able to go behind it without your permission. We have to be quick about this, the demons won't be long. But we have to be sure that we are going to do this."
The Impala slammed to a stop and Dean was out of the car before Cas could exclaim, Dean hoping that escaping the car would stop delay the words that threatened from his mouth.
Castiel couldn’t hold back the smirk, “I’m sure you are.”
He won’t ever let you go.  Your new soul pulsates with love, you new soul made with part of Dean’s.  You are truly soul mates.
This is nothing you have ever experienced before, you both know it.  How can it be wrong?  How can it be a sin when you feel such joy, peace and love?  Love. He kisses you gently and you know you have found something, something pure.
It reaches your local town and you start to hear more of this black illness.  It is quick and lethal, there is nobody that survives.  It starts with swellings around the groin and under the arms.  They would get a fever and fluid gets on their lungs, vomiting blood.  It would take sometimes days before the victim would die.
Castiel felt his stomach plummet, “So what’s wrong, what’s the matter with her?”
You had never known anything like it when he entered you, your name on his lips pressed against sweaty skin.  You have been blessed in this life to have known love.  It is that what gives you comfort during the long night.
But nothing could have prepared him for the assault of feelings and memories that Dean had hidden behind the wall he had created. The warmth overwhelmed and stunned him.
You never realise that the threat could come from you.
All those thoughts of guilt, of disgust in the rear view mirror are burnt away by the flames of his lust as he makes quick work of undoing Castiel's white shirt while, their kiss passionate as Dean's heart pulsates insanely in his head sending blood quickly to other places in his body.
Again he thought of his parents and Zachariah and didn’t want to create a bigger scene so he nodded vaguely and let Hester take his hand and drag him to the nearest kitchen.  Castiel really wished he could say he had a headache like girls did and make his excuses and go. “So Angel, what do you want? You can have anything you want.” Hester said opening one of the large fridges, “A brownie, some milk….”
There is movement and the door to your cell opens, you are surprised to see him standing there.  The air leaves your lungs as Dean explains he has bribed his guard to have one hour with you.  Only when the door closes and you both alone do you touch each other.  There is no lust, only love you do not have much time.  You spend it kissing lazily and talking of times past.  You talk of the times you have loved each other.   You talk of Calais; you talk of even earlier when you were cheeky pages together.
Dean nods.  He understands your fear but wonders if you are truly being you, you only get one life and are you truly living yours.  You shake your head and tell him it is foolish, these are desperate times and everyone is trying to survive.  He tells you that you cannot have it both ways; you cannot help him and be a soldier of the Reich.  You cannot be both and soon you will have to choose.
“Hey Cas,” Castiel whips around to see Dean leaning against a car on the opposite side of the road,          Castiel swallows, he looks like he has been waiting a while, “How did you find out where I lived?” Castiel asks “Stalker much.”
Sundays are even worse.  You have the shame of walking behind him as the congregation look at your high belly and newly returned husband.  Normally the whispers didn’t bother you, but they do now because they are also aimed at Dean who stares straight forward and makes sure there is some distance between you both.  It is you who should carry the shame, not Dean.
Sarah becomes fearful for you very quickly, you have only been in labour a short while and already want to push.  Sarah says there is too much blood and you are in so much pain, all you want is the child out now.  Your cries bring Dean charging in with the doctor, the doctor examines you and tells you that the baby is trapped and cannot get out naturally.  You moan in pain and Dean grips your hand as Sarah brings in hot water and the doctor gets out a scalpel and needle and thread.  You look to Dean fearfully but he brushes your hair and tells you everything will be fine.
“Dean I was not ready to-“ Castiel started but Dean turned angrily interrupting him
In my old griefs, and with my childhood's faith.
Naomi demands you to return to Heaven forever or you sacrifice your grace.  It is a choice; it is either being an angel and Heaven or choosing a mortal life with Dean.   Sam looks pained to Dean who is shaking his head and telling Naomi to go fuck herself.   Who is she to demand that of you?
The pair broke off gasping for air and Dean opened his eyes to see the bright blue ones sparkle with desire, “And that was?” he said shakily, clinging to the angel to steady himself as his legs felt like jelly.
He still doesn’t say anything to you as you shrug your clothes back on in the dawn light.  He just lies on his bed and watches you with languid eyes that watch you before drifting back off to sleep.  You smile softly and leave him to your slumber.
“She wouldn’t do anything stupid, would she?” Sam looked to Dean mortified.
You close your eyes and await the storm, the disgust and the hue and cry that would lead to your downfall.  But instead when you open your eyes he is standing closer to you (you thought that would be impossible in your cabin).  There is no disgust in his eyes or anger, only wonder and something else.
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
In a second he is by your side asking if you are alright, if you need anything to eat anything to relieve the pain.  You smile and shake your head saying you are alright; all you need is a bit of time.  You ask him where you are and he explains that he has brought you the lair of the men of letters.  He tells you about Henry Winchester and how they found this undercover lair that has become home.
You tell him to look at you but he shakes his head, stubbornly looking at the ground.  Look at me you order again.  He looks up and he starts as you place your hand upon his cheek, ironic that the last time you did this you were healing him after you had half beat him to death.  He hoarsely says it is ok, that he understands you deserve to go home you deserve to be happy.
You return from town with two letters and you sit at the table for a while before you open them as you recognise both the writers.  One is from Crowley who had left instructions in the event of his death that you this letter was to be delivered to you, you find 30 dollars in the envelope and gasp.
“Wow…” Dean gasped softly, taking in the full view then he looked across to the angels face, staring at the way the moonlight touched his pale pink lips and made his blue eyes almost sparkle even more.  Castiel smiled softly at Dean’s reaction then leant over and placed a soft kiss on Dean’s lips.
Soon enough the hour is over and when he is taken from you, you have tears rolling down your cheeks.  You don’t care that you are going to die, what hurts more is that Dean is going to die also.
Crowley tells them this. He tells them to forget them to forget their homes, they are lost to them and the sooner they realise this the easier it will be for them.  You clutch your sheet to your chest as you listen to Crowley preach.
Dean did not know what to think, he was in shock and in the shock he almost missed Cas call to him.
Dean held up a shirt and Castiel smiled softly, taking the shirt “So what’s your plan now?” Dean asked as Castiel signed a simple good luck and his name.
You finish fixing your dress and look up when the tallest man you have ever seen get out of the barred wagon.  His face is slightly bruised and there are chains that almost look like they are festering around his wrists.  His eyes are a bluey green and his hair is long and chocolate colour.  You are intrigued because you have heard of those Celts of Britannia and how vicious they can be.
He found himself at the staff quarters and despite the sign that said “No Guests,” curiosity made him go past the sign and keep walking, he didn’t want to go back to the façade of the world of mambos and perfect dresses just yet.   He was walking along when he saw Sam walking along struggling with three watermelons, “Hi!” he yelled running after him, he saw that Sam was walking to a building where music was blasting loudly into the summer air.
Castiel felt on a high he had never felt before as he went to sleep that night, kept replaying the moment they kissed over and over again.
“It’s not illegal is it?”
What surprised Castiel and made his gut burn was that Dean was now dancing with a man; in a very similar way to he had with Jo.  Now Castiel had not expected that, Dean for all that he had shown was your typical guy with attitude, with the sunglasses and tight jeans, the black leather jacket.  But here he was dancing with a man and nobody around them battered an eyelid.
Finally Castiel found words, “Where’d they learn to do that?” he stuttered because he had never seen it, ever before, not even at school.
Castiel followed Sam through the dancers, trying not to stare or even bump into them; he raised the watermelon up to his chin and followed the back of the insanely tall Sam whenever any of the dancers challenged him by looking at Castiel in eye.  He could see their questions and their judgements in their eyes. Castiel was still getting used to seeing men and women gyrating their hips into each other.
"Dean," a voice interrupted his thoughts of fungal foot infections, the only voice that made the hunters heart skip a beat and the airs on his arms prickle, "Cas?" he looked around to see the a very exhausted angel and immediately Dean jumped up, "Hey! Hey! Cas! What's happened? Are you ok?"
The captain orders you to write down all the names of the sick as they are going to be moved to another camp.  You blood runs cold as your commander informs you that if they are sick they cannot do their work so they must go.  You have heard of bigger camps to the east where the sick are sent to and they do not come back.
Dean bit back the anger that was threatening to spill over his mouth and inspire him to lash out, "don't you give up Cas," he screamed internally.
There is a glare from the snow and the room is filled with bright light as you open your eyes.  You wince instantly from the pain in your abdomen but not as bad as when you were last awake.   You are fully prepared to be told your baby is dead.  You blink at the surroundings before you hear a snuffling sound from nearby.  You look to see Dean sitting beside you in a rocking chair cradling something in his arms gently humming to it.  You croak his name and he looks to you and you see him sigh in relief before asking you whether you would like to meet your daughter.
Dean tries to scoff but it comes out in a strangled cough, "Why not?"
At first you think you are dead and panic because it is so hot you fear you have gone to hell.  But then you taste blood on your lips and you hand travels to the crusted blood on your temple as you hazard opening your eyes.  The light makes the pain in your skull even worse and you let out a little moan.  You see bodies all around you, you have escaped certain death as your horse is dead but inches away from you and has narrowly missed crushing you.
They had agreed that it was a one off, that it was too risky to become too close, angels, demons, monsters would use it against them and Dean wasn't sure he wanted to ever do that again. The guilt sickened him when he saw the hurt in Castiel's eyes replaced by a steely stoicism. And they couldn't be caught doing that, they couldn't. He was a hunter, known for loving women and he wasn't gay.
Castiel and God have not been on speaking terms for some time.  Ever since his father had abandoned the world to the apocalypse, he had felt abandoned by the one who he should love and obey most.
“Yeah you did, but what about me? What about the fact I told you I needed you after you left me once already in Purgatory!” Dean paced angrily like a trapped animal in a cage, his hands shaking with anger.
All the feelings, the pain, the hurt, desire, lust, affection, anger and the love, the pure pulsating love...the love...
Dean pulled over halfway back to the motel and got out of the car, angrily staring at the stars, “Cas!” he shouted, “Come on man! I keep on praying to you, I know you can hear me!  Me and Sam, we want you to come for Christmas!  We got a tree, eggnog and presents!”
“I didn’t need your protection!” Dean yelled his voice wavering with anger and something else, “I needed you,” he looked at the angel “I wanted you!”
You wish you had savoured those days in Calais, because it all fell apart so quickly after the Queen gave birth to a daughter and not the promised son. The king at first did not show his disappointment, the next child would be a boy.  The court was still hopeful to match the king’s optimism.   But now it had a more cautious glare and that glare was turned towards the Queen and her circle.
The itch is driving him crazy and he looks to the stars as if to seek some advice that he knows he would not accept. His hand hovers over the handle of the door of number 13; he bites his lip to stop the ironic wry smile that would have normally filled his face. He pushes the door open, quick to walk through and to shut the door, looking at the bloody sigils that are written all over the walls and windows, the salt at the windowsill, the devils trap at the door.
His meaning completely lost on Hester, she continued. “Last week I took a boy away from Jamie, one of the games girls.” she scoffed, “not that I wanted him anyway, but she asked him, What does she have that I don’t have? And his reply: Two hotels.” She giggled and Castiel smiled.
You get up the next day and the day after because a farm will not tend to itself and you have Samuel to look after.  You may have broken your marriage bed but you will not forsake your promise to Dean to look after his son.  You spend the money Crowley gave you wisely and plough the land yourself planting the seeds you bought yourself.  You hear of the battles not far from where you live and you sleep with Samuel curled into you, praying that the battles come nowhere near your farm.
You collapse to your knees in prayer, offering prayers of thanks for this news.  You pray for all of those who have died, for Lincoln for everyone.  But most of all you pray for Dean, you pray that he is safe, that he is on his way home.  Then you look to your belly and sadly note that it will all unravel soon so you pray that whatever comes to pass that Dean is happy and healthy.
Dean smiled, “Merry Christmas Cas.”
"I saw the centre of your grace." Dean countered, stepping closer to the angel, "But I miss it, I miss the warmth."
Note: The illness that swept Europe in the 1350's was the Black Death.
“A few hours, I was frightened to ring your doorbell.” Dean replies looking up.
“Since when do we do anything customary and besides it is morning,” Dean replied pouring more eggnog in their glasses as Sam moved to get his presents under the tree, “Dean this is for you,” Sam said placing a present in front of him and one before Castiel.
Castiel chastised himself he really didn’t want to go into that trail of thought and in doing so he had completely missed the fact that Dean had left his dance partner and was making his way over to Castiel.
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
Castiel grinned, he didn’t mind helping, he just found company really awkward, he knew his family got him, but he wasn’t really interested in appearances like everyone else, all he knew was that he wanted to change the world and the world was all ready for him to step into it.
It was just a normal morning; you were walking to the tennis courts, Dean throwing his arm around your shoulder when the guards arrived to take you away.  Dean looked so scared but so resigned, while you panicked for him.   You felt such fear as words floated in the air but did not register adultery, incest, treason and arrest.  The Tower.
Castiel was still thinking of it when the Novak family were being shown to their table by Zach Kellerman, she recognised the waiter who pulled out a chair for Anna as the waiter who had been taunting Dean, “This is Dr and Mrs Novak, Angel, Lisa, and this is your waiter, Alistair Gould.  Yale Medical School,” Zach introduced, earning an impressive smile from Castiel’s father, Castiel could not help but think how Zach wanted it to work, Alastair was specially picked for his medical school and also so that he could romance Anna clearly, “Alistair these people are my most special guests, get them anything they want.”
Pharaoh brushes your tears away while gently telling you he could not live with the knowledge that after he died that you would be expected to die also.  He, the man who could order anyone’s death could not bring himself to order yours.  That he could not kill someone he loved.
You promised your dead wife that you will look after her at all costs.  You give her the best cuts of the meat when you can get it.  You can give her the lion’s share of the food because you want her to be strong.  Your green eyed girl is all you have left of your family.
The young man who Castiel was the tallest person he had ever seen jumped to attention, going to the back of the car and Castiel followed, pulling out his father’s medical bag, hearing Zachariah telling his father that he had kept aside the best cabin and telling him that there was an ex rockette doing a dancing class much to his mother’s chagrin that she wanted her husband to rest on his first holiday in years.
“It’s part of the deal. I just want to help you out and this is how I can do it.”
“Hopefully not for much longer,” Castiel said, realising that lying to Dean came way too easily.
“Dean, I hate to ask but I don’t have thirty dollars cash right now. Do you think you could pay for Claire’s field trip and I can pay you back for that and the battery after my next paycheck?”
So after spilling the slushy syrup all over their front, cleaning it up, repairing the machine, getting at least five more ‘thank you, sirs’ from the teenager, clocking out one hour past the end of their shift, and their car struggling to start in the parking lot, Castiel was done with the day.
He closed his eyes and allowed himself to savor the moment before they pulled apart.
“They like being at their mom’s though. They always have so much fun at her place.”
He tried to sit up, but it seemed to be a fruitless exercise. He groaned, then muttered under his breath, “Fuck.”
“But first, let’s go say hello to our neighbor?” Dean gestured in the vague direction of her house, an expectant look on his face.
Dean realised that Cas wasn’t too comfortable with the idea of just picking up what he wanted and putting it in the cart, so he decided to do it for him. As he placed the plant carefully in the cart, he asked, “See any other colours you like?”
When his eggs were ready, he ate them with all the enthusiasm of a condemned man who’d just been given his last meal, and Dean spent the entire time trying to think of an excuse to join Cas in the garden. Failing at even that, he cleaned up and took a couple of Tylenol, then went back into the living room to straighten it up.
The movie hadn’t been quite what he was expecting though, and he suspected that Dean would have preferred something with less romance. But he hadn’t complained, which made Castiel happy.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” Dean murmured, before his face coloured and he took a long sip of his coffee.
“Don’t worry about buying the battery, I got it,” Dean said easily, his hand squeezing softly on Cas’s shoulder. “You wanna take my car back with the kids and I can stay here until I get this thing running? I can call Bobby and have him take me to grab a new one.”
“Because… because once I started kissing you, I realised I never wanted to stop. I-”
Dean looked from his best friend, to the screen, and back. “Like who? Richard Gere?” Cas looked almost like they were blushing now.
“I know. And we’re going to make it work. But even if she did miss out on this, it’s not the only opportunity she’ll have.”
“Social situations don’t make me anxious. You know that, don’t you?”
Despite his attempts, Jack’s wails could not be stopped and Dean was not dressed enough to try and comfort him. As quickly as he could he rushed into his closet to throw on some sweats, feeling extra bad that he was basically ignoring Jack’s cries, but the moment he walked back out, Cas had made his way upstairs and had already swooped Jack up into a hug.
“I guess so,” Dean replied forlornly, hoping to get a smile out of his friend. It worked a little.
Cas reached over and pulled out the purple bottle, then read the label as if it contained the secrets of the universe. “I hope I do this correctly. I’ll try to be gentle.”
“You really need to learn how to stop Sam from asking too many questions, man. He doesn’t stop on his own,” Dean muttered and poured Cas another glass of whiskey.
“Dean maded you coffee too. He told me to ‘mind you.”
Cas was undaunted in his mission, however, and within seconds, Dean was stripped bare, his clothes thrown unceremoniously across the room, and Cas was biting, licking, and kissing every bit of skin he could reach.
“What if I am?” Dean was instantly on the defensive, and he considered ending the call, but Sam would just call Cas if he did, wouldn’t he?
The smile that broke out on Dean’s face was breathtaking, and his cheeks coloured. “Thanks, Cas. I’m, um… glad you like my food. I enjoy cooking for you.”
“I do not.”
“It’s fine. I’ll speak to her in a moment.” There was going to be a lot of talking that night, between Castiel and Claire, between Castiel and Dean, and they took a moment to gather their thoughts before attempting to handle it. “She probably wouldn’t have stopped if you wouldn’t have said anything, so I appreciate you trying.”
“Okay.”
Castiel allowed himself to really look at Dean’s face, and it didn’t matter that he’d known him for twelve years, the beauty before him still took his breath away. It wasn’t just his external beauty either; Dean’s soul shone as brightly as the first time Castiel had seen it in Hell.
“Okay, your principal didn’t say much besides the fact that you yelled at your teacher in the middle of class. She doesn’t seem to think you’d do it for no reason but she can’t seem to get you to explain why. Could you tell me what happened?”
His heart had been in his throat, because he really thought he was going to be brave, he could taste the words on his tongue and wanted more than anything to be able to taste Cas’s lips. But he’d chickened out.
In the end, they just couldn’t make it work. The Gas-N-Sip job wasn’t enough to pay for electric, heat, and water, and the mortgage just stopped being paid. The bank had no choice but to cease the home and Castiel had scrambled to find anywhere that would accept their shotty credit.
It’d been a really long time since Cas had seen their friends. They’d hidden away for almost a year, sticking to only seeing Dean and Kelly, telling themself it was better that way. But Cas realized they missed seeing everyone, and since Dean would be there, it wouldn’t be too overwhelming.
“What?”
Castiel noticed how Dean's face coloured at Mimi's words, and when Dean saw Castiel watching, the colour on his cheeks deepened further.
“Oh really?”
Cas didn’t look as convinced at Dean’s assertion as Sam did, but he sat down with them, and they spent the rest of the evening going through every detail of the case and working out the best way to get access to the house.
He busied himself with making breakfast, and found himself dwelling on the situation a little more. For a moment it had been funny how curious Jack was but now it left Dean mortified that he’d been so careless and hadn’t locked his door. What if it had been Claire who needed help? He wouldn’t even be upset if Cas yelled at him for being such a dumbass. He should’ve known better than to not expect one of the kids to pop into his room from time to time, especially if they needed help.
By the time Dean got back the house was back to the way he liked it. Had this happened hours ago, Dean may have been thrilled, but seeing it now all he felt was a pit in his stomach. It was close to midnight. How long had Cas stayed up cleaning? How much unnecessary stress had Dean just put on his friend’s shoulders? He needed to fix this. He promised himself he’d talk to Cas first thing tomorrow.
“Hey, guys, we leaving anytime soon?” Sam called from the car, pulling Dean out of whatever the hell that was. He had to admit that on occasion Sam’s interruptions were welcome, and he let go of Cas’s shoulder with a feeling of relief.
“Did you… choose to feel heat?” Dean asked but Cas shook his head. “I may have overestimated my current powers,” he said quietly, and began cutting up his omelette into tiny, painstakingly symmetrical pieces and slowly eating them.
“I’m… fine?”
Once the introductions were over, Rebecca explained with a fond eye roll that Brian was in charge of the food, before they each had a bottle of beer handed to them.
If Dean knew anything about four-year-olds he knew the things that they said were almost always unfiltered so he braced himself for Jack’s answer.
The feelings Dean had for Cas had been simmering under his skin for so long, he couldn’t remember a time when they weren’t there. But he’d convinced himself that Cas could never feel the same, so when things came to a head in that storage room - when Cas said all that stuff about how Dean was actually fuelled by love, and that knowing him had made Cas care about the world before sacrificing himself to save Dean’s life - Dean’s feelings became even more confused.
“Are you worried about them?”
“I’m indifferent to temperature, Dean. I don’t feel heat or cold unless I choose to,” Cas informed him and, as if to prove it, he took the coffee mug into his hands and took a sip of the still scalding hot coffee. He winced.“Ow,” he said, perplexed, and put the mug back on the table.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Is there something wrong?”
Dean looked up to see a woman standing in the doorway by the reception window. She was shorter, with a tight blonde bun, and was wearing a brown matching skirt-suit. She looked how most generic principals in movies did.
“Tell me.”
“Oh.” Dean only knew two gay hunter couples, and
Sam blushed, and Dean high fived her before giving Sam a nudge.
Dean looked extremely proud of himself, and Castiel's question about the poor lighting died before it reached his lips. His guess was that Dean was trying to save money, and it hadn't occurred to him that Castiel's low grace meant his eyesight was not much better than that of a regular human.
What did his friend see when they looked in the mirror? He wanted to ask, and he almost did, but he didn’t think he wanted to hear the answer. If he knew Cas, which he was pretty certain he did, Dean was sure all Cas saw when they looked at themself in the mirror was disappointment. Dean didn’t think Cas saw their eyes the same way Dean did: the same shade of blue the sky turned after a rainy morning; Cas didn’t see the lines around said eyes the say way Dean did: years of memories laughing by each other’s side, smiling as Claire and Jack discovered all the wonders around them; Cas didn’t see their lips the same way Dean did: late nights talking on the old couch Dean’s parents had in this very room, sharing secrets of their hopes for their future, the same lips that uttered soothing words to their loved ones when times got too tough. Cas would never see themself the way Dean did, Dean knew, so instead of asking a question he didn’t want to hear the answer to, he simply said, “I think you’re beautiful.”
Dean set one plate down in front of Castiel, then sat down with his own food and pointed at it with his fork. “Meatballs and spaghetti. And yeah, I know I ain’t no lady, and…” he raked his eyes over Castiel, “...you’re definitely not a tramp.”
“Cas, hey… what’s wrong? You’re not in that much of a hurry to get back to the bunker, are you?” Dean looked genuinely concerned for Castiel, and in that moment something snapped. He couldn’t carry on like this any longer, and as he flung the door open he yanked Dean inside, kicked the door closed behind him with his foot, and shoved Dean roughly up against it.
as she jumped in the car every day. He loved getting the chance to hang out with them, help them with homework, and earn good night hugs as he tucked them in each night.
Dean could have sworn that Cas’s pupils were dilated, and he was pretty sure he saw that gaze shift to his lips for a fraction of a second. That couldn’t have been what Dean was imagining though, could it? Cas was an angel of the lord, and even if he was currently shopping in the flower section of a garden center, he was still a heavenly warrior. You could be a warrior and also like flowers, couldn’t you?
Cas’s expression was stunned, and perhaps worried, but they nodded. “I think that’d be good,” they agreed.
By the time Monday afternoon rolled around and it was time to pick the kids up from school for the first time, Dean was nervous to say the least. He probably checked the clock five hundred times that day, convinced he’d missed pick up. By the time he was in the car with Jack’s car seat strapped in, Dean had half convinced himself that the daycare wasn’t going to have his name on file and arrest him for attempted kidnapping.
As Dean got his breathing under control and tried to get the feeling back into his fingers, he looked over at Cas, who was staring intensely back at him.
“Purple isn’t my favorite color,” Castiel replied. They hung the purple one back on the rack, knowing they most likely wouldn’t wear that color to work, not with the royal blue vest they had to wear.
“Fine?”
It wasn’t something Dean had ever done before, but in that moment he couldn’t think of anything he wanted more. He nodded enthusiastically and gave Cas’s dick another stroke. “Do it. Fuck me, angel.”
“Yeah, it costs thirty dollars and you only gave me the permission. Everyone else had their money.”
Mimi peered at Castiel, and her smile faltered a little. “You’re feeling anxious, aren’t you? I know these gatherings can be daunting, but try not to worry. No one’s gonna make you mingle if you don’t want to.”
Castiel had no way to know how much their words meant to Dean, how already there was a piece of him that was carefully filing those words away to pull out and listen to when his self doubt inevitably creeped in from time to time. But Dean was still incapable of expressing too many emotions and knew trying to tell Cas how much it meant to him would turn into a babbling mess, he wound up deflecting as he usually did.
Thankfully, it turned out Sam was right about the case; it was all over in a couple of hours, and they left behind a very relieved and grateful family. After that, all they needed to do was find a motel for the night and relax before moving onto the second case in the morning.
“Yessss,” Cas hissed, clutching at Dean’s bicep when he stroked again.
“No, no. It’s perfect,” Dean said, sounding almost awestruck. It made Cas’s heart skip. “Jack’s right. You look gorgeous.”
Cas sighed, and picked up the tin to apparently look at the pattern on the outside. “It seems that William and Ruth were driven apart, just like Jack and Ennis. Not for the same reason, of course, but-” He stopped talking and reached inside the tin. “There’s something stuck to the bottom.”
“There’s a barbecue on Sunday, two houses further up the road. Come along if you can make it; it’s at three p.m., and the whole neighborhood’s invited.” Mimi said suddenly, changing the subject and ignoring Dean’s obvious embarrassment.
“Cas, I work from home. I’m already always here. I can get the kids from school and bring them back here. It’s no big deal.”
“What does my dislike of certain vegetables have to do with Sam’s debt?”
With a sigh, he went back downstairs and into the living room to check on Dean. According to the clock on his phone, it was seven minutes past five am, not that that meant anything, because Dean had been asleep for over twelve hours at this point. He could possibly wake up at any time; Castiel just had to watch over him, and wait.
It was quite inconvenient though, especially as eating spaghetti was difficult enough at the best of times. It was, however, just as delicious as everything Dean cooked, but messy, and Castiel was glad that his grace was strong enough to clean himself up after he'd finished eating. (Yes, he knew that he should probably save it for fighting the ghost if it ever actually showed itself, but cleaning himself required very little grace).
“Well, it’s about fucking time!”
and his own special lyrics involved freckles, for some reason, and by this point Dean would be happy if he never heard the song again. On top of that, Cas was
It sat alone surrounded by a variety of trees and bushes, and there was a lush, green lawn out front. The building itself was at least a hundred years old, and had a kind of weathered feel to it, as evidenced by the chipped paint on some of the windowsills, and the windows being in need of a good wash. But the blue paint that had been applied as a way of contrasting with the red brick while emphasising the exterior features was in excellent condition, and Castiel would guess that it had been painted fairly recently.
“Where’s Dean?”
When he eventually lowered the mug, he put it down on the counter and gave Castiel a sheepish look. “Cas, man… I’m really sorry about yesterday. I don’t know-”
The guard tells Dean to get out, he is first to be behead since he is the most titled.  You learn you are to be third, Dean looks to you one last time a smile upon your lips before climbing the scaffold.  You cannot comprehend his speech of the crowd.  All you know is that Dean is going to die and you are going to watch him die.  The axed shall strike the neck that you kissed and sucked marks on to.
“You said you needed it.” Castiel said firmly, trying to look away.
Gasping, but not in pain, in need, keening noises filled each other’s mouths as trousers were pushed down to ankles and the burning sensation of lust being fulfilled as hips moved against each other.  Some would have said rutting against a car with a human was degrading to an angel of the lord, Castiel was not that innocent or pure anymore, but when he felt himself burn up with desire, when he came for the first time, screaming Dean’s name into the starlit sky, the angel had never felt anything so pure.
He walked with Hester and they chatted politely about their days and what they had been doing, Castiel tried not to roll his eyes as every topic of conversation seemed to always end up back to how wonderful Hester was.  In the end the pair sat on a seat by the lake near the golf course.  Castiel watched the ripples of water of the lake, the moon reflecting off them and thought about how different the previous night was compared to this.
“Something,” Dean said softly staring into Castiel’s eyes, they weren’t sparkling but they were fully dilated and Castiel wasn’t sure whether it was just from the drink now.
Then Dean Winchester happened.
What he is not getting used to is the fact he came from a very small school, merging with other schools in the area, he has already been split up from Balthazar his friend since Nursery.  And Balthazar makes friends so much better than Castiel does.
You have no joy anymore; you look at the thin figure when you wash yourself clean in the river.  When Samuel does something clever, you smile but the smile never reaches your tired eyes.   One Thursday Crowley does not turn up, you are confused and wonder if he has found someone new to harass.
Because you cannot possibly be a whore when you are in love.
“Yeah well I was ready, I was ready for you to come back, for you to be there, I told you I needed you, did that make no difference?”
You bribe a guard to bring you news of the trial and you are not surprised at all when he comes to you with news of the verdict.  Guilty.  The King is mad, because he is willing to sign the death warrants of his wife and mother of his child and the warrants of five men who he has known since childhood.  The King has gone mad with power.
But sometimes you feel reckless when he looks at you and you lose yourself in his gaze, he bits a smirk at you and you turn away blushing.  You look forward to the dusky evenings or nights when you retreat back to your cabin or you find darkened corners of the ship.   You kiss and make love, enjoying each other’s bodies.
The wonder that he had felt, the ecstasy, the feel of Dean moving in him, making him burn up, making him feel like his grace wanted to fly as Dean and the angel moved together.  The hunter had been so gentle, kissing him softly, kissing the angels eyelids and the green eyes had stared into his, so bare of his normal guardedness, so open to Castiel that he had opened the floodgates of his emotions, let himself feel and let himself fall in love.
They close the gates of heaven and hell, there are still the occasion hunts for monsters, but the glare of demons has gone from the Winchester’s mind.  Just because one evil is gone doesn’t mean they all are, is the Winchester way.
He sighs “Or is everything I have done part of your benediction, part of your plan?  Have you always wanted me to have free will?”
Dean choked on his beer, “It was a joke Sammy.”
Castiel now didn’t seem as assured as he was before, a blush appeared on his cheeks that in the dark could still be seen “Yes Dean…I hope you didn’t think that I was being too presumpti-”
He takes you again, twice before dawn rises and it is just as good as the first time.  Each time you feel that burning that melts you completely and sends you soaring.  You still don’t talk much to each other; in fact you barely say anything at all.
The only thing Sarah chastises you for is not coming to seek help from them instead of taking Crowley’s offer.  You let the tears roll down your face, hindsight such a bittersweet thing you find.   You are a young mother who misses her husband but carries another dead man’s child, you realise in Dean leaving you has set you on the path to destruction.
Jo is in trouble, Dean reveals a bit more about himself and Castiel tries to fix things...
"You know I can't," Dean groans, his jaded eyes flash with warning, "Cas, you know I can't, we agreed," Cas moans and Dean continues, "This is not meant to be happening,"
“You know what this means?” Dean asked, Castiel looked confused, “Presents,”Dean said excitably
Castiel grimaced as he could see where this was going, Hester smiled a big beaming smile which revealed white teeth and made her hazel eyes sparkle, Castiel supposed she was pretty, “Oh great,” she cooed.  Castiel looked to Zach and her parents who were making happy smiles.
Crowley makes you struggle for a month before returning.  He buys your produce and laughs at your scrawny figure telling you it could all be so much easier for you if you were not so stubborn.  You look away and he tucks a finger under your chin and forces you to look at him.
He collapses to his knees again, “I love him,” he gasps, “I cannot give him up, but to leave the grace of your love, forever.  How? I love you too still.  After everything. How can I choose?”
Then it all unravelled so quickly.
“Oh Anna’s going to decorate it,” Castiel drawled earning a glare from his sister
A new emotion to the angel, need.
But Dean does not.
This is not fake.  This is real you tell yourself as you look up into his green eyes and tell him that you hate going with the others.  You tell him that you would have no other’s hands but his on your body.  That you hate fucking others now you have discovered something better with him.   Why have pewter when you could have silver?
Kindness, Love, Loyalty, Friendship, Passion is what makes Dean…Dean.  And you love all of it; you are in love with him.  This hunter who has never given up on you, who tells you repeatedly that he needs you despite the fact you never really believed it till now. You also realise just how much you also need him.
He starts babbling asking you if you are coming for you have deserted the army now. You cannot hide from the wrath that will follow you.  You shake your head and tell him that you cannot go with him, that you will seek your punishment as penance for what you have turned a blind eye to.
"What?" Dean challenged, breaking the stare off, "Just because I don't have much faith in the nativity or god-"
And after the explosion, all that was left was desire, lust and need.
If you would like to know more about the Holocaust- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Holocaust
Dean went back to Iraq a week later.
Silence erupted between them, suffocating them and making the crackled tension between them ten times worse.  Castiel watched the hunter’s chest heave, watched as the jade green eyes never left the angels, his cheeks flushed, his lips wet.  This was too much for the angel and he looked away from the burning gaze of the hunter, he had to get out quickly and made to leave but in a flash a hand grabbed the angels wrist “Don’t” Dean growled in a different tone, it was needy and shaking with a new tension.
Castiel was in the centre of Dean's soul and the love at the centre of it is for him.
Castiel stared at their conjoined hands shocked, then up to the profile of the hunter's face, he let his thumb rub over the hunter's skin, his throat constricting not sure what to say.
He looks at you and you swear that your heart skips a beat and you take a step forward and draw your fingertip along his jaw and let it drape down his chest.  His green eyes watch you carefully and you realise you still have not spoken to each other.
You later find out that he has been killed in a tavern brawl between himself and man of a married woman he had used in a similar way to yourself.  You do not grieve as you do not feel anymore, you put the money he gave you somewhere safe, ready to make it last as long as you can.
Which was getting sawn in half as a magic trick, it wasn’t that he didn’t like Hester, she was harmless enough but he didn’t like how he was being thrust into her direction as Anna was being thrust in Alastair’s.  He was so thankful for to be excused from the entertainment finally being able to be by himself, walking in the warm night air able to be himself and at one with his thoughts.
But everything has led to this moment right now.  A warehouse two angels and two hunters and a very hard decision to be made.
“Yes,” Castiel admits, he pulls something out of his trenchcoat pocket, “I did need to say a Goodbye,” he whispers placing something in Dean’s hand, “But not to you.”
“Jo that’s my business, what I do with what’s left after Sam.” Dean said brushing Jo’s hair. Castiel cocked his head at Sam who was blushing and trying not to pay too much attention to their arguing.
But morning comes too quickly and interrupts your memories, you are to die and the King has granted mercy.  You are to be beheaded; the queen too is to be beheaded with a sword.  Her five supposed lovers are to be slain with an axe.  Lovers you scorn, all innocent.  The only thing that the Queen was guilty was not having a son and marrying a monster.
"As if Gabriel would talk like that, he would have probably turned the sheep into wolves first before delivering the news, telling them to go to Nazareth instead of Bethlehem." Dean joked; making Sam smile but Castiel cocked his head.
“Are you having a good time?” Dean asked softly, his voice just loud enough for Castiel to hear. He had that intense look in his eye again and it suddenly felt like the two of them were in their own bubble. It made Cas smile.
“Nah. It’s what friends do.”
“You agreed,” Dean retorted, “I just didn’t push further. Come on. Let’s try these on.”
“Oh.”
“Are you okay, Dean? I didn’t hurt you, did I?” Cas asked, with a frown.
Dean huffed as he got out of bed and made his way to the bathroom, his morning wood straining against the inside of his boxers. If he’d been at the bunker, he would’ve taken care of it while he was still in bed, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do that here, in the bed he was sharing with Cas. It felt dirty, but not in a good way.
He will deny it until his dying breath that nearly fell on his ass after jumping out of his skin, shouting, “Jesus Christ! Jack, what the hell?”
They left before it got dark, adamant that they were going to stay in a motel, and return in the morning before heading back to the bunker. After all, as Sam pointed out, there was no spare bed… an omission that would be rectified before their next visit.
At bedtime, after tucking Jack in, Dean made his way to Claire’s room to say his goodnights.
“I see.” Cas took a long sip of his coffee, and Dean got the impression that that was the end of the subject.
Dean shook his head sadly. “So, he wasn’t only denied the chance to be with the man he, um… loved, he was killed because of his sexuality too.” Talking about that in front of Cas felt awkward as fuck; after all, he’d told Dean he loved him, but he hadn’t meant it the same way as Dean did when referring to William. Dean still wasn’t sure if Cas was aware of the difference, but he wasn’t about to touch that subject, given the current tension between them.
Sam jumped up and stood between Castiel and Dean “No, Angel.” he looked to Dean then back to Castiel. “One of the counsellors knows a doctor, a real M.D…just travelling through New Paltz one day next week. We can get an appointment but it costs $250.”
And like a row of dominoes falling over, the stopping of the apocalypse, the civil war in heaven and the lead up to swallowing the souls of Purgatory and becoming a pseudo god, everything had led him up to this point.  He walks to the altar and stared at the cross in front of him.
The pain is the worst you have ever felt and it goes on for hours, you try and hold down your screams and never know that Dean is outside on his knees praying, tears rolling down his face as he begs God to help you.  It is a natural fear for a soon to be father that he will lose you both in this trial as often is the sad case.
Five years and they realise what they are to each other.  Enough to keep on saving each other, they would die for each other, because they love each other.  The emotion is old but the knowledge is new.
The Saracen is giving you your freedom.  You realise that there will be no more nights of water and talking to him.  You did not realise it, but you have become friends.  But as soon as you take the reins of the horse you are back to being enemies.  You realise the man before you is no infidel.  He is an honourable, righteous man.
Castiel felt his face burn up. He looked to the three of them and felt ashamed. He thought he could just come in and solve the problem, just like he always did. Castiel had wanted to make things better because that’s what happened, but he couldn’t, could he?
“Me too,” he breathed, chasing after the ball as it bounced over back towards Castiel.  Castiel watched the skinny boy run to him, wearing well-worn jogging bottoms and a Super Mario t-shirt which looks far too big for him.  Castiel noticed he had light blonde hair that had been shaved short for his new week at school, but Castiel is quite amazed by how green his eyes are, they almost shine.  He doesn’t realise how much attention he is giving the lad until he realises he asked him a question, “Huh?”
“What..” Castiel swears his heart has just stopped at what Dean has just said to him and he feels the soft hippy music of the café blur away and he feels sick, because fifteen years later Dean finally decides to admit what Castiel has only ever possibly suspected and it is so much worse than he thought because Castiel is not over Dean Winchester.  But Dean Winchester is married and what does that say about Castiel, he has to get out of here right now and he doesn’t realise he has grabbed his coat and is running from the coffee shop, Dean yelling after him.
He knows that you are also gay and you panic slightly stepping back from him.  He tells you not to panic, that he would not tell anyone ever.  That he always suspected as children, that you were the reason he realised he was gay.  You shake your head and look about fearfully and tell him that the main reason for being how you are is because you fear what would happen if your commanders would find out.
Two months later and neither you or Dean have spoken to each other.  But it changes when Dean reports to the lines ready to go to fields with bruises all over his face.  You learn that he was insubordinate to an officer when he helped a fellow inmate back last night and was punished for it.  You feel a flare towards the person responsible for the beatings but it was an officer’s order.  You are here to follow orders.
You blink back tears as you watch him he gently sits on the bed beside you and places the child in your arms, she is beautiful.  She has a crown of jet black hair but that is all she has inherited from Crowley.  Everything else is you, right down to the blue eyes that watch you; you let her tiny hand grasp your finger.  Dean then asks what is his daughter’s name and you look to this marvellous man, this good honest man and wonder if he is too good for you.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, confused and bemused, "It's yours Dean, it has and always will be yours," he replied gruffly, as he watched Dean lift his hand and cautiously placed it on the angel's chest. Castiel smiled and mimicked the gesture placing his hand upon Dean's chest, pressing hard he could feel the human's heartbeat rapidly, "I miss the warmth too," he said softly.
You follow him dumbly not really thinking at all and don’t realise you are in a room together till you hear the guard shut the door behind you.  You are still quite dumb when you watch as Dean strips his top off throwing it to the ground.  Your eyes are drawn to the bruises that speckle his chest and you find that you are warm as your eyes take in his body.
Castiel stared at Alastair dumbfounded, “Some people count and some people don’t.” Alastair said matter of fact and pulled a book called The Fountainhead out. Castiel stared horrified. He thought that people like this surely couldn’t exist, people who only thought of themselves, but here was one in the living room standing in front of him. “I think it’s a book you’ll enjoy, but return it I have notes in there.” Alastair continued.
When he finally hears Sam's breathing slow to a deep low rhythm, Dean is off the bed grabbing his jacket and his keys and when he reaches the door, he looks back to his brother and his face creases into a fond gaze. He quietly opens the door, ignoring the twisting guilt in his stomach when he realises just what he is keeping this from Sam. But it is for his safety. It's doesn't involve Sam so Dean won't involve him but it still sticks in his stomach keeping stuff from Sam.
I love you. I love you. And I hate you for leaving me.
"This is just another example of your lack of faith," Castiel sighed
He hisses when the cold December air hits his skin, taking the air from his lungs and making it stick in his mouth and burn his throat and his face fixes into a determined grimace as he walks to the Impala, when he sits in the car he catches his eyes in the rear view mirror he quickly looks away, not sure whether he can even look at himself.
“For your protection!” Castiel yelled, emotions flooded him, exasperation filled his veins, when would Dean ever learn that the angel would never let anything near him “I couldn’t let the Leviathans get near you.”
You lost your wife last winter when cold got on your chest and would not leave.  You are still grieving from your Sam’s death but you keep going because you have your green eyed daughter to look after.  She is your world, she misses her mother but she rarely shows it.  She tries to hide that she cries at night and when you hear her cry you go to her and hold her trembling form.
But it was a moment and swiftly it had disappeared and the guard slammed back up in Dean’s eyes and Dean never showed love, only lust, coming back for more and more, different motel rooms, different nights, like Castiel was an addiction to the hunter.
He works with loads of women who send him looks but always at the back of his mind is that night from a few years ago, that night he kissed Dean Winchester.  It turned out he made the right decision, he heard about Dean in the last few years of being a party animal, drinking, drugs but a damn good soldier, Cas would have just been an experience for Dean, not anything else.
Castiel has his benediction.
Only Sam, dean and Castiel would be hunting so close to Christmas, since they really didn't do Christmas and if they did it was a hit and miss affair that was usually some fried chicken, some beers and watching a game of football. It wasn't the Winchester's favourite season. Last year, Dean and Castiel had been in Purgatory and Sam had been trying to pick up the pieces of his life that had been left.
Perhaps one day he will.
"Yeah are you going to smite me?" Dean joked,"But seriously Christmas to me, it isn't about Jesus or God, it's about love, family, the people I care about and the faith I have in them. My family, you and Sam, that's what I have the most faith in."
Within his bending sickle's compass come:
“Yeah,” Sam agreed, “You think they were a couple, wouldn’t you?”
He kisses you then and you let him, his tongue feeling foreign in your mouth as his arms wrap around your back.  He ignores the tears that fill your eyes as you lead him to your bed, thankful that Sam is asleep.
Nobody in the circle had prepared or even entertained the idea that the Queen to keep miscarrying, for her to rail angrily in jealous fits against King for his mistresses.  He roared at her reminding her that better women had turned a blind eye, comparing her to Katherine.  The passion of the new Queen which had fascinated the King now irritated him; the royal marriage was falling apart.
And now it's clear as this promise
Castiel choked on his coffee, “I dunno, because were thirteen year old boys, who knew what we were feeling, it was a strange time, I dunno…I thought you would laugh at me…”
Immediately Dean jumped up, “Look-“
Castiel wakes Dean up in the middle of the night and they make love, slowly and languidly. Castiel worshipping every part of Dean’s body, some would call that blasphemy but Castiel knows it’s the purest love he can imagine giving to another.  And he loves Dean most.
You chance one more look and he is still watching you as you ride away.  You may never see him again or even worse you may oppose him someday on the battlefield.
The angel claws at Dean, pulling his t-shirt off and tugging at the belt at his belt, moaning into Dean's mouth as they push back on to the bed. Dean's head is foggy with lust as he presses his lips against Castiel's collarbone, the angel gasps, and Dean is starting to know the angel's body too well.
"Because you love me," Castiel breaths on his cheek.
He didn't want to hurt Cas and when he looks down at those blue eyes he knows he is hurting Cas. Dean isn't gay, but perhaps he isn't straight either.
A few months down the line Cas opens the local paper to find a picture of Dean and his new wife on his wedding day.  He has to try and fight back the tears that want to spill down his cheeks because he is with his family when he reads it.
Castiel snorted. But then felt sick as he watched Vivian return to groping Dean and stroking his face and neck.
“Have you prayed to him?” Sam asked mixing some eggnog up in the kitchenette.
Castiel watched entranced as Dean picked up Jo and threw her up in the air as she was a feather and the crowd oohed and ahhed but Castiel noticed Kellerman who was making gestures for the dancers to stop dancing so enthusiastically, immediately the pair split up and picked two members of their audience to dance with.
Giving up would go against the grain of Castiel.  So he narrowed his eyes at Dean and stepped forward, feeling so much braver than he actually was. Interrupting the squabble that Dean, Jo and Sam were having by announcing firmly, “I’ll do it.”
“Oh really, why?” Castiel said then thought better, “Seriously it doesn’t matter, it all worked out for the best, because it took me a few years after that for me to figure out that I was bisexual, getting involved that young would have been too much too young.  But it would have freaked everyone had I said something.”
Your father knew of your secret and called it a flaw; he tried to beat it out of you before you died.  It is why at nearly thirty you are still unmarried and wonder if you will feel attracted to the future wife that awaits you.
“It’s a club, a very specific club, where the clientèle preferred their dancing a little bit more…” Sam had the grace to blush, “they normally do their mambo but not in the way you see here at Kellermans.  Dean used to do it with a guy, but last few years they have accepted Jo as his partner.”
Castiel felt like an idiot, blushing he looked around at the other dances but felt a tap on his shoulder and “Watch.  Watch my eyes,” Dean ordered and Castiel stared into those green beauties he was scared he might get lose in them, but continued to roll his hips as per Dean’s instruction, getting more confident with the beat of the music. “Good,” Dean said softly and Castiel blushed, offering a little smile.
And if they cried for ten minutes in the car after calling Dean for help, no one was around to witness it.
Dean looked startled and a little scared, and Castiel had a flash of memory from many years ago, when he’d done something similar to Dean in an alleyway before viciously attacking him. This time he had a different goal in mind, and although he hated the idea of forcing himself on Dean, he would keep the kiss as brief as possible. It only needed to be long enough for the ghost to show itself, and then they could hopefully return to some kind of normality. Back to the life where Castiel knew where he stood with Dean, and wasn’t being constantly tormented by glimpses of a life he could never have.
Dean stomped away, muttering about meeting them by the car in fifteen minutes, leaving Sam and Castiel staring after him.
I know.”
“Really?”
Despite all of the worry, and the weirdness with Dean, Sam was the same as he’d always been with Castiel. He treated him with kindness and warmth, and regularly asked how he was feeling. It was obvious he was aware that something wasn’t quite right between Dean and Castiel, but he never once brought it up, preferring instead to discuss other things with him, like lore, or Jack and Eileen. Castiel really missed Jack, and so did Sam, and they’d had a very emotional talk about him one evening which had ended in a hug and them both promising that they would always be there if the other one ever wanted to talk.
“Ugh, that’s gross,” Dean complained, earning a disapproving look from Cas, and a bitchface from Sam.
As he’d hoped, there were a number of cans of paint, and Dean decided that if he mixed the colours from a couple of tins he would get the shade he wanted. Once he’d got it mixed sufficiently, he grabbed a brush and a ladder, and got to work.
Dean wondered if they would move back once he and Cas had gotten rid of the ghost. For some reason, that thought didn’t sit well with Dean, even though he knew they wouldn’t be living here more than a couple of days.
There was silence on the other end of the line for a few seconds, before Sam answered. “Okay, why not. I’ve got a few things to do here before I leave, so I’ll be there tomorrow, early afternoon.”
“Yes,” Dean interrupted.
“It’s okay,” Jack shrugged.
Dean shook his head. “Nope, it’s all good. But I think we could do with a shower.” He was starting to feel pretty gross; plus, he liked the thought of showering with Cas.
“Dude, it’s not like you need to impress anyone with them. You don’t need to hide them away from
The same conversation had happened then as was happening now. Castiel had looked at their friend and told them that they were so very worried about Dean. And Dean had looked back at Castiel and said the same words Castiel said now.
“Your dad is my best friend, I’d hope I was able to make them smile.”
“Fine!”
“What? You’ve got your thinking face on.”
Looking as excited as a kid who’d just been told they were going to the candy store, Cas said, “I’ll meet you by the car,” before striding back out to the front of the house.
“And maybe we can knock before coming into Dean’s bedroom? I know he will be happy to help you but we should always knock before coming in Dean’s room, okay?”
He tiptoed his way downstairs, knowing if he was caught by one of them his bad mood may turn into words he’d regret later. Dean Winchester at least knew his own faults and he definitely got a bit of his father’s temper.
Castiel got to his feet, and immediately missed the little warm body he’d been holding. If it wasn’t for Dean and his dislike of cats, he might have been able to keep her. Maybe even bring her back to the bunker. There was a small part of him that knew he shouldn’t blame Dean - he hadn’t even given him a chance to say no, after all - but he chose to ignore that. He was certain the end result would have been the same, regardless, and he would still have been annoyed with Dean anyway.
A few seconds later he received a reply.
Castiel could tell Dean was trying to lighten the mood and not for the first time that day, Castiel thought just how thankful they were to know this man.
Steeling his resolve, Castiel abruptly removed his hand from Dean’s mouth. With a gruff, “I’m sorry, Dean,” he pushed forward to brush his lips over Dean’s.
It was a woman’s voice, and Dean and Cas looked at each other as if silently asking who it was.
“The hell are you doing, man?” he said gruffly when he entered the kitchen and watched the angel standing on a chair and attempting to turn off the alarm.
Once they’d made sure Chuck was no longer a threat, and Jack became the new God then promptly disappeared after a quick goodbye, Dean was heartbroken all over again. He couldn’t say anything to Sam because he was also grieving, over Jack and Eileen… and actually, probably Cas as well.
He could feel the disapproval emanating from Dean, but he wasn’t going to let it stop him. “I don’t believe I am ready to retire from hunting yet, and I’m guessing that Sam isn’t either.”
“No. I’m scheduled tomorrow through Saturday though.”
“For us to kiss to draw out the ghost.” Dean glanced up at him, and noticed how nervous he looked.
“Hey, hey, hey, come here,” Dean called, reaching his arms out to pull her into a hug now that she was close to the couch. “I’ll help you.”
“Talk to them tomorrow. I know you two can figure this out.”
He patted Cas on the shoulder as he walked out towards the garage, hoping he sounded convincing.
Cas would never be able to find the words to express how much he loved that.
So Castiel knew deep within that Kelly wouldn’t change up their agreement and ask to have Jack and Claire full time, but the feeling of being the least successful parent at the moment still didn’t sit well in Castiel’s heart, neither did the worry for how Claire would react to the news of the move.
After about ten minutes and a seemingly endless succession of crappy daytime shows, Dean was about to go back to the window when Cas came through the door.
Dean opened the French doors then, and poked his head outside, interrupting Castiel’s thoughts. “Breakfast’s ready.”
They repeated in their mind. Even if they taught Claire and Jack that they were allowed to have big feelings as long as they took the time to talk about them, it still didn’t mean Castiel’s knee jerk reaction wasn’t to yell when they were disrespectful. It was a constant learning curve for them too.
The confusing and at times combative nature of his and Dean’s friendship since they’d taken the case had him on edge. He knew that they were going to have to present an image of a happy couple, but how easy that would be remained to be seen.
There was no doubting Dean’s happiness at Castiel’s swift return from the Empty, but there had been an awkwardness that lingered between them whenever they were in each other’s presence. Castiel’s declaration of love had been momentous for him, but Dean clearly didn’t reciprocate, and as the time went by, it became easier to spend as little time together as possible.
“Told you,” Dean said, before doing as Cas asked.
Brian was standing behind an expensive-looking grill, holding a pair of tongs, and wearing an apron which bore the words ‘The Grillfather’. It looked like he was greatly enjoying himself, and Castiel watched as he chatted amicably with Dean while he placed burgers on the plates Dean was holding out. Once that transaction was completed, Dean stopped by a table laden with other food items, and by the time he returned to Castiel, the plates were full.
"You did a great job, Dean. It makes the outside of the house look brighter."
With Jack already on his tangent about elephants and how awesome they were, Dean made sure to nod along to what the kid said and ask questions when appropriate but he couldn’t help but notice how angrily Claire stared out the window, her jaw clenched tightly as the houses in the neighborhood passed by.
“Has she ever gone hungry?” Dean asked suddenly, causing Castiel’s head to whip up.
“You two gonna get her one,” Benny asked.
Dean leaned over Cas and went in for another kiss, breathing into Cas’s mouth as he slowly slid his hand down over Cas’s chest and abdomen. When he found the waistband of Cas’s jeans, he lightly trailed his fingertips over the skin; skimming backwards and forwards a few times before finding the zipper and lowering it.
Not to mention his adult-sized roommate.
“Yeah!”
“If that was my garden, I would plant lots of flowers.” The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them, and he caught the inquiring look Dean shot at him.
Most likely it was both of those things, but Dean hoped that they would get past it once they were living together, just the two of them. Otherwise, things would get pretty miserable for both of them.
“No. Yeah. Shut up,” Dean replied as he turned his head coyly and blushed a little.
“Cas, I’m so–I’m sorry. I know–shit. You’ve told me before to not step in with them and I was going to let you handle that and I shouldn’t have said anything. I’m sorry. I can go apologize if you–” he moved to stand up but Castiel grabbed him by the forearm.
“Why don’t you bring Eileen? It’d be good to see her too.”
He threw himself into his work that day, trying to work through his thoughts.
“I’ll pay you rent, okay? It might be slow but I’ll pay what I can. I swear.”
If their conversation hadn’t already been sad enough, hearing Claire declare, “I don’t like living here,” hurt more than Dean cared to admit.
Looking around the ground floor, Castiel was impressed to discover that it was just as nice inside as it was outside. The decor and furniture in the living room was in dark tones, perfectly in sync with the feel of the house, and creating a warm and cosy atmosphere. The kitchen was spacious, and fitted with modern cabinets and what looked like the latest gadgets.
“We will see you then.”
I'm really proud of myself that I managed to finish this fic and I hope you enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing it.
“Fine.”
“You try living with twelve years of pining and eye fucking. It’s been fucking torture, and I’m really happy for you guys.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said again, pointedly.
Their back ached as they sat on the hardwood floor and learned against the wall. Claire’s room was still sparse, with basic light blue walls that had likely been there for years. The curtains were the ones that Dean had previously hung and there were no decorations on the walls yet. The only aspects of the room that were distinctly Claire were the line of geodes and other crystals she’d collected over the years and had now placed on her windowsill, as well as the teal bedding with cartoon cats. Kelly had plans to come over in a few weekends to help Claire with decorating since the two of them were obsessed with home improvement shows, until then, Castiel knew Claire probably wouldn’t feel satisfied in her new room.
look. He knew exactly what Castiel wanted to do. “You wanna watch Pretty Woman, don’t you?”
feel unwanted. He was a family man. Sure, he probably would never have one of his own but the family that he did have, the family he had gained over the years through his friendships were the people he cared the most about.
“I wish you wouldn’t put so much pressure on yourself.”
Surely Dean didn’t understand the magnitude of this offer. Didn’t understand just how desperate the situation felt for Castiel. They wanted to be able to handle this on their own, to have a way to financially support themself and their children, but the universe seemed to be conspiring against it all. Dean’s mere suggestion that he would be willing to allow Castiel the chance to get back on their feet by staying with him was a gift, one Castiel didn’t know if they could accept.
” they went to explain, wondering if Dean’s offer only extended to Castiel. Surely their friend wouldn’t want to have three extra people in his home.
“Well, there’s so much green already in the garden, it can’t matter too much, can it?”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, then went to the fridge and rummaged around inside it, coming out with some bacon and eggs. “Just let me grab some breakfast, ‘k?”
“I should let you get back to work.”
After another moment of concentration, Dean felt his muscles relax, and warmth began to spread across the front of his boxer briefs. He gasped at the sensation. Cas groaned in approval. That beautiful groan sparked a fire in the pit of his stomach, and he moaned in response and pushed his hips harder into Castiel’s lap as piss continued to gush from his dick.
.” His eyebrows raised suggestively as a mischievous grin spread across his face. “In fact, I kinda have to go already. You wanna try it today? Like, right now?”
Castiel beamed at Dean’s suggestion. “Yes, I do.”
Once he bottomed out inside of Dean, Cas rocked his hips slowly. “Dean,” he moaned breathlessly, “You feel so
?” Dean countered with a snarky grin.
“Bed it is, then,” Dean said, excitement suddenly taking hold of him. “I need to brush my teeth, but I’ll meet you there in a few minutes.” He pecked Castiel’s cheek as he rose from his seat.
Cas broke away softly to trail little kisses down Dean’s jawline toward his ear. Dean gasped when he felt Castiel’s teeth on his earlobe. “Are you ready?” Cas whispered.
“A camel’s hump stores fat, Dean. Excess water is conserved in the bloodstream.” Dean shrugged. “Anyway, urination always remained something of a novelty to me when I was human, and since I had to do it every day anyway, it gave me a lot of time to...experiment.”
“I would do it myself, but since I have my grace back, I…I can’t.” Cas looked down at the mug of coffee in his hands. “Anything I drink just lingers in my vessel’s stomach until my grace reduces it to its subatomic particles.” He paused. “From what I understand, it is not a standard sexual practice, so I understand if you’re not interested.”
“Please,” Castiel begged. “Let go.” Dean obeyed, spurting piss as Cas fucked him harder. The beautiful sight pushed Cas over the edge. “Dean,” he moaned as he came in Dean’s ass with a final deep thrust. He slowly pulled out and collapsed next to Dean.
“Cool, so, uh...should we do this in the shower?”
Dean tried to let go. His bladder resisted. He’d never pissed himself
Cas was harder than he’d ever been and desperate for relief. As his lap was slowly soaked by Dean’s dripping warmth, Cas bucked his hips up to grind against Dean’s hardening cock. As his spurting stream slowed to a dribble, Dean reached for the lube on their nightstand.
“Well, no,” Cas confirmed, “I discovered it when I was human. I could never get used to it, the endless cycle of drinking and urinating and drinking and urinating. The human renal system isn’t terribly efficient, by the way. The dromedary model is far superior. Camels can happily go months without water; humans can barely go a week.”
“We can, but it’s not necessary. With my grace restored, I can easily clean up the bed afterward.”
Cas nodded and made his way to their bedroom. He reclined on the firm mattress and reached down to feel cock through his sweatpants, already beginning to harden with anticipation. Dean followed soon after, awkwardly standing in the doorway.
“Yes,” Cas breathed against his neck.
“Like this? Right now?”
“Cas,” Dean gasped, reaching down to stroke his aching cock, “I’m gonna—” A strangled groan rose from Dean’s throat and cut off his sentence. His whole body tensed as a thick load spilled onto his abdomen. Cas fucked him deep as he came. As his body relaxed and his cock began to soften, Dean hummed in blissful appreciation of the way Cas was filling his ass. “Fuck,” he breathed, “I want you to come in my ass.” He glanced up to meet Castiel’s intense gaze, a mischievous glint in his eye. “You know, I kinda need to piss again.”
Cas furrowed his brow.
Their bodies automatically slotted together in a spooning position. Cas waved a hand over the sheets, instantly cleaning the mess they’d made. “That was so good,” Dean murmured, already sinking into a nap to recharge. “Thanks for suggesting it.” Cas smiled and kissed the back of his neck.
Cas slowly removed Dean’s underwear and kissed the underside of his cock before taking the head between his lips. He slipped out of his own clothes between kisses. He licked and sucked slowly, giving attention to every inch of Dean’s dick, then to each of his balls, and down his perineum, until he was tonguing Dean’s hole fervently. This was the part that always made Dean whimper. “Please, Cas,” Dean begged. “Please, I need you.”
“It goes by many names. The technical term for it is urolagnia.”
Cas sighed. “I’m being serious, you know.”
Cas smiled softly and sat up. “Come here.” As Dean reached the edge of the bed, Cas pulled Dean down into his lap and kissed him. Dean straddled Castiel’s hips, relishing the friction of the familiar position. He rutted against Castiel’s warm body as he deepened the kiss, nerves calming as they fell into a comfortable rhythm.
“You’d have to ask Chuck about that oversight, but I’d rather not have a big hump on my back.”
“Please, Cas, I need you,” he repeated, getting more desperate every moment he wasn’t being fucked. Cas admired how beautiful Dean looked with flushed cheeks, tensed muscles, and a drooling cock. He pushed in further, making Dean groan.
Those were the magic words. Cas spat on Dean’s twitching hole and sat up on his knees to position himself. With Dean’s legs over his shoulders, Cas teased Dean’s entrance with the head of his cock. He pressed in slowly, making Dean gasp. He paused to make sure it was a good gasp. Dean’s hips jerked as he whined, “More, please,” through gritted teeth.
Castiel expected more yelling, what they didn’t expect was Claire to begin sobbing again. “You took away all of my friends. Over and over you took them away,” her cries broke something in Castiel and they couldn’t stop their own tears from flowing. “I don’t want to live here. I hate this house. I hate this room. I hate you.”
“Hey, uhm, battery’s low. I gotta charge my phone, talk to you later, okay?” he lied without really waiting for a response and hung up.
Dean could see in the rearview mirror that Claire’s attitude already had Jack on the verge of tears.
Dean locked eyes with Cas then, and as they stared at each other, Dean thought about how his friend had gone from a badass warrior angel who blindly followed orders, to a guy who cared about bees and flowers, and even humanity. (Unlike the rest of those dicks with wings). The more time he spent on earth, the more he seemed to look at the world from a human perspective, and he’d clearly become comfortable with that.
“I don’t know my multiplication facts. I don’t know how to do it.”
How they loved her.
“Not yet. Give me your phone.” Dean held his hand out and took the phone from Castiel, then opened the camera app and set it to selfie mode.
Cas rolled his sleeves back down - much to Dean’s disappointment - then picked up his coat and went to put it back on. Stopping him with a hand on his arm, Dean said,
“I don’t want to… not yet,” he whispered, his deep voice an octave or seven lower than Dean had ever heard it.
Dean seemed to notice the eight year old wasn’t in the kitchen and looked over at Cas.
Kissing Cas felt just as amazing as it had the first time, and Dean lost himself in the sensations as he explored Cas’s mouth with his tongue, before Cas returned the favour. Their mouths moved together perfectly as if they’d done it a million miles before, and
He hung out with his brother for about an hour but since they were both old men now, they couldn’t hang out all hours of the night like they used to.
Being nosy, Dean peered into Cas’s closet and looked through some of the items. In fact, most of the items he saw looked far older than a few years. At the far end of the closet were some of Dean’s favorite pieces Cas wore. A few oversized sweaters Cas only put on when they were at home. They were in different shades of blue, purple, and pink, all a similar soft fabric and Dean couldn’t stop the smile that tugged at his lips when he thought of Cas in them.
“Y’all will work it out, I’m sure. I just didn’t expect it to take this long, is all.”
They stayed in bed even after Claire took Cain out of the room. Castiel had been a bit of a bad influence on Dean, keeping the man in bed sometimes an hour or longer after his alarm clock went off, but it was a Saturday morning and this meant there was no school or work that forced them to actually get up and be adults.
Castiel twitched a little. Their room was Dean’s office, and though Castiel had the option to put Claire and Jack into a room together, they felt the kids had sacrificed enough in the move, so Castiel decided that they would try and take up as little space as possible. That meant sleeping on the pull out bed in Dean’s office. It also meant that the early riser in Dean tended to check his work emails in the mornings despite Castiel still trying to sleep.
“How many orders do you need to fulfill this week?” Castiel asked, pulling Dean from his thoughts.
a shower? Nice.” Dean stepped into the room and spun around to take everything in.
None of what was happening was what Castiel had anticipated, and he instantly lost himself in the feel of Dean as their kiss became almost frantic. Dean nipped at Castiel’s lips and thrust his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, and when Castiel slammed Dean harder against the door, Dean placed his hands on Castiel’s ass and ground their hips together. The sensation of their groins coming into contact set his veins on fire, and he released Dean’s mouth to let out a gasp.
Their best friend was clearly not thinking.
He climbed out of the car and walked around it, waiting for Castiel to do the same. The house loomed ominously in the fading light, and looking up at it, Castiel was reminded of the first time he’d seen it, and how he’d imagined that it might look creepy at night. No wonder so many people were inspired to write scary stories, when settings such as this existed.
“You’ve said.”
“It’s true,” Patricia agreed with a nod. “Love at first sight; how darn cliché are we?”
“No, I-” Cas started, but before Dean could ask him why the fuck he was disagreeing with him William was back, and he was blocking their way.
“You wanna eat with me again?”
As the sound of Dean’s wood saw faded and he took off his noise canceling headphones, his stomach started to grumble indicating it was lunch time. He’d been working all morning on a new desk design he wanted to sell on his online shop for his woodwork and he was loving how it was turning out so far.
"Here." Dean handed the clothes over, as Cas took them with extreme reluctance and stared at them like they might bite him.
“Hey, hey, breathe,” Dean soothed from the other end of the phone but Castiel couldn’t bring themself to. They felt stupid for calling Dean like this, for not being enough of an adult to solve this problem on their own. Now they were putting their own wellbeing on Dean’s shoulders and asking their best friend to help fix a problem that Castiel got themself into.
“I don’t remember seeing this mug before. I like what’s on it, though, even though I don’t understand the reference.” Castiel traced a finger over the words.
In fact, he was seriously beginning to wonder if the super awkward atmosphere might actually drive more of a wedge between them than there had been before they came here. If they’d stayed at the bunker, they would probably have gradually worked through it at their own pace, wouldn’t they?
It was slow going, and sometimes Castiel still felt like they weren’t being very successful at life, but little by little they were realizing that it didn’t matter. Life was going to twist and turn whenever it felt like it. There would be opportunities eventually that would fit Cas’s future plans but at least Castiel had the chance to breathe. Working at Bobby’s allowed them time with their kids, it gave them dinner time back and bedtime with the kids and even lunch every day with Dean, it gave them a chance to lounge on the couch with Dean and their secret stashes of ice cream. It gave Cas a chance to feel like themself again.
“Like ducks? I read somewhere that they change all their feathers and can’t fly for some time,” Sam asked, because of course this was something his nerdy brother would ask.
Luckily, Castiel had spent enough time around Sam and Dean to understand that humans often pretended to dislike people they cared about. It was baffling, but then so much of their behaviour was.
“Yeah but that sweater looks really pretty on you. Why’d you change it?”
it was going to be more difficult to pass that off as innocent.
His tone felt off, but Castiel didn’t know what was behind the sudden change. Yet again, it felt like they were talking a different language… or misunderstanding each other, at the very least.
“Thank you, Mimi. It was nice to meet you.” Cas’s deep voice seemed to startle her, and she flushed before going back to her car.
When he was spent, he collapsed onto Dean with a grunt, and as they lay there catching their breath, Dean absentmindedly trailed his fingers up and down Cas’s back. Cas murmured contentedly into Dean’s neck, and kissed the skin there as his breathing evened out, and Dean wondered if his angel was about to fall asleep. But then he heard a tired voice speak.
Dean can still remember the first day he’d seen Cas dress in clothes they felt most themself in. It was six or so months after the two of them had had the conversation and Dean had gone over to Cas’s house to make homemade pizzas with Cas and Claire (and baby Jack too but he wasn’t quite eating solids then). Claire had been talking on and on about how she and her mommy had gone shopping for her daddy’s birthday and bought him the prettiest sweaters. It was her insistence to get Cas to wear one of them that got Cas to huff and puff their way upstairs and come back down in a floppy light blue sweater. It had a strip of silk around the bottom and Claire deemed it the prettiest sweater ever when she saw it.
Clearly annoyed at Dean’s outburst, Sam turned to his brother angrily. “Dean, what is your problem? Why do you constantly say no to every case I bring up, without even listening to the details?”
Dean looked embarrassed and rubbed the back of his neck with his hand, as he always did when he wasn't quite sure what to say. "Yeah. I mean thanks." He looked down at the ground and scuffed at it with his toe.
But anyway, right at this moment, he was struck by the unfairness of a society that didn’t accept the love between Ennis and Jack, and it was hard for him to hold back the tears that were prickling at the back of his eyes.
Cas propped himself up on his elbow and watched Dean’s expression, as a slick finger began circling and probing at his entrance. It was so very typical of Cas to make Dean feel both unnerved and cared for at the same time, and Dean nodded in encouragement as Cas’s finger slipped past the ring of muscle. It was a strange sensation, but not unpleasant, and Dean was already sure that it would be the best sex ever.
“You don’t have to make a decision now, or soon, but I just want you to know you have people on your side Cas. You don’t have to keep doing any of this alone. I don’t want you to do any of this alone.”
“The picture,” Dean croaked out as he tried to get his breath back. “That’s what’s holding him here. It’s in the kitchen, we’ve gotta burn it.”
The sound of Dean’s beloved Impala had Castiel swiping at their eyes, and checking themself in the mirror hoping they didn’t look as upset as they felt. They plastered a smile on their face as they heard the sound of their son yelling out the window, “Daddy! We’re here to rescue you!”
“Do you want to maybe make lunch and then come hang out while I work?” His heart kicked up speed in his chest, making him feel like an idiot. But he always turned into a babbling idiot around Cas, especially while trying to see if they would want to spend time with him. “Unless you wanted to relax before work. That would make more sense actually. What am I saying? You definitely don’t want to help me out when you probably have a million other things to do.”
there was no denying that that kiss was hot as fuck. Dean sat stock still and stared straight ahead as he tried to dampen his feelings of arousal. Cas shifted in his seat, and that didn’t help matters at all.
“You work today?”
But what else were they supposed to do?
The burst of different colours really brightened up the garden, and Dean could see that Cas had put a lot of thought into how he’d arranged the plants.
“Hello… hey, there.”
“Uh I just wanted to tell you that the blue slushy isn’t working.”
“Because Dean will get mad?” Jack asked, like it was a casual conversation the three of them had had before. It was one thing to feel as if he’d made Cas and the kids feel unwelcomed, but to hear Jack ask such a simple question made Dean’s heart ache.
Cas smiled even wider - if that was possible - and led Dean out into the garden. Gesturing with his hand to indicate the flowers, he waited for Dean’s reaction.
Dean bobbed his head a few times, taking more of Cas’s cock in each time. Cas sounded completely wrecked, and his hands gripped at Dean’s hair as Dean teased his balls with his hand.
Sam shook his head, before taking another mouthful of beer. He seemed a little nervous, which was now beginning to make Dean feel nervous too. “Yeah… no. See, it looks like this ghost only attacks people who are LGBT. The house was bought most recently by a gay couple, and they had to move out after it tried to kill them. A pair of hunters were brought in to try to catch it, but it didn’t come back.
Castiel reached the kitchen and put the coffee machine on, and when it was ready, he poured himself a cup and went out into the garden to admire his plants once more. Crouching down, he began smoothing out the soil, before moving onto the next patch… and the next, and he completely lost track of time. It wasn’t until Dean appeared in the garden, a cup of coffee in one hand as he ruffled his hair with the other, and yawning softly, that Castiel realised it was late morning and Dean had only just woken up.
of the people were great.”
“It’s fine. Thank you for letting me wear something not ruined.”
Deciding he would attempt to distract William and maybe even reason with him, before dealing with Cas’s weirdness, Dean reached out to stop Cas from hitting the ghost again.
It had started soon after the disaster with the vampire’s nest a few months ago, and at first, Castiel thought it was just because Dean wanted to rest after that incident. But it was becoming increasingly clear that he was deliberately avoiding taking on any new cases, and every time Dean turned another one down, Castiel’s fears grew.
“But why?” Jack whined, clearly upset if Dean had ever heard it.
“Fine.” He turned to Cas then, and his tone had softened. “Cas, you and I will work together as fake boyfriends, if that’s okay with you.”
“Yeah.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I kinda feel bad for those guys who did all that work on the house then had to leave. Man, that really sucks.”
“I just wanted-” Cas started, but then stopped himself and shrugged halfheartedly. “I guess not.”
Currently Jack and Claire were doing fine in the backseat of Dean’s car watching something on Dean’s phone, but Castiel knew it wouldn’t be long until the two of them were complaining about being hungry and tired.
“‘M gonna grab something to eat.”
Mimi blushed sweetly. “Why, thank you. Would you like to come in?”
“Yes.” Castiel nodded, and smiled back, but there was something about the way Bob was looking at him that made him feel uncomfortable; like he was being assessed, though for what, he had no idea.
They could see the battle within their daughter. For Claire, anger shot up in her quickly and burned ferociously when things didn’t go her way. But her inferno never lasted long, especially when she didn’t receive heat in return. She always tried though, to keep up her anger, always ready for a fight she’d never get.
Dean dragged his thoughts back to the present, and took a step back, because whatever was happening between him and Cas was too confusing. Plus, this really wasn’t the place to be thinking about such things.
“You saw it?” Jack curiously asked and Dean had to stifle a startled noise behind his fist. He was simultaneously embarrassed but finding this hilarious at the same time. How did parents do it?
Cas shrugged, “Maybe a little…” but Kelly seemed to think they were being dumb. She nudged them and said their name in her best scolding mom voice. “He asked to talk when I get back,” Cas added, knowing their voice had a touch of worry.
As Castiel inched his face closer to Dean’s, their bodies pressed together and he tried not to enjoy the way it felt. Reminding himself that he was angry, he glared at Dean, who stared back with his eyes widened in surprise. His breathing had become rapid and shallow, and his chest was heaving.
"You might not care, but I do,” Dean started, wondering if he had anything that would fit Cas. His build wasn’t that different from Dean’s, after all.
Dean knew that was ridiculous, so before he lost his mind completely he tore himself away, and went into the living room. Turning on the TV and plopping himself down on the sofa, he tried to distract himself from thoughts of Cas's hands and bare arms by searching for something to watch.
Dean could’ve used a handbook on all of this. Going from zero roommates to three as well as a shared custody arrangement where he only had one roommate every other week. It might have been helpful to know how to handle all of it. Especially since for the past decade he lived alone, full bachelor lifestyle, not a single child in sight. Before, he didn’t have to worry about pissing with the door open or having to make sure he didn’t walk out of his bedroom ass naked every morning because there were kids around. But now he really did because like the idiot he was, that’s exactly what happened.
she was just trying to help me out. I know she doesn’t think ill of me for not being able to afford anything and needing her to handle most of the kids’ expenses but…” The next words were the hardest for Castiel to admit but they knew if they didn’t say them now, they probably wouldn’t say them again to someone. “I don’t know if I even deserve them at this point. I can’t give them anything right now. I feel like I’m barely their parent. Honestly, I barely feel like I’m human. I just want to crawl in bed and sleep for a year. I keep thinking that things are getting better and then something happens and it just feels so overwhelming.”
Looking at Cas’s few sweaters and remembering that feeling from that day, Dean hoped Cas could get back to that soon. Dean wanted to see that kind of happiness on them again.
Their emotions were all out of whack tonight. What were they thinking allowing just a few compliments to set their heart all aflutter? They’d been complimented by Dean a thousand times in their friendship, so why now would it be any different?
Cas tangled his fingers in Dean's hair, and Dean got his hands underneath Cas's shirt as they made out like a couple of teenagers, which was pretty funny considering Dean was the wrong side of forty and Cas was as old as existence.
Dean ushered them over to the kitchen island and motioned for Castiel to take a seat, refusing any help in heating up the dinner. He even insisted on eating a second helping himself so that Castiel wouldn’t have to eat alone.
“You like living alone.”
“You make things needlessly complicated.”
“What am I supposed to do?”
“He’s the best man I know, although…” Castiel said, before repeating Dean’s words from earlier, “...it’s not all been sunshine and rainbows. We’ve had some difficult times too.” Even as he said it, Castiel wondered if he should, despite Dean telling the group they were chatting with previously the exact same thing. This felt different, somehow.
Fixing the house and meeting the neighbors, huh? Sounds like you two are playing house. :D Let me know when that ghost turns up.
sorry, honey.” Her shoulders drooped a little but she still refused to look at him. “You are allowed to be mad at me and not want to speak to me, okay? But we can’t change the fact that we are moving today. So if you don’t want my help, can I trust you to do it yourself? You were right when you said you’re able to do it by yourself but I would like to help if you’ll allow it.”
“You’re not going to forget, right?” She asked for the fourth time that night.
Castiel felt Dean squeeze his hand in what was clearly supposed to be a gesture of comfort, but only served to confuse things further. It would be a lot simpler if he didn’t have such strong feelings for his friend.
“You up for watching a movie?” Dean asked suddenly and hesitantly, while avoiding making eye contact with Castiel. There was still a fair amount of food on his plate, which he was prodding at with his fork, and Castiel felt a slight pang of guilt that his unhappy mood might have affected Dean’s appetite.
“Good morning,” Cas finally said back. As much as they knew they needed to get up, they felt they deserved the indulgence of trailing their fingertips across the contours of Dean’s gorgeous face. How did they get so lucky to see that sight every morning? Seeing the love they felt reflected back in Dean’s eyes made the moment even more perfect.
“I just don’t know what I’m going to do,” Cas cried.
Of all the days for the slushy machine to stop working, that particular day was definitely not ideal. Especially with the overly chatty customer watching Castiel the entire time and trying to engage in conversation. Usually, Castiel enjoyed getting to know the people who ventured in and wanted to talk to them, opposed to the rude customers who wouldn’t even say thank you for wishing them a good day. But on an already crappy day, having the added crappiness of this teenager repeatedly calling Castiel ‘sir,’ ‘dude,’ and ‘mister,’ though as polite as Castiel knew the kid was trying to be, still added to the shit.
Dean suddenly understood, and he couldn’t help feeling sorry for the poor bastard. Being stuck on Earth for years - decades in William’s case - twisted ghosts until they were fuelled by nothing but vengeance. Hell, it had even happened to Bobby. Whatever the circumstances of William’s death, what remained of his mind had obviously become fixated on the one thing that had caused him so much pain in life. Releasing him from that anguish would surely come as a relief.
Dean watched Cas flee into the garden, and tried not to cry. He felt like shit, and not just physically.
“Hello, Sam. Dean’s cleaned the entire house.” Cas flicked his gaze to Dean, before quickly looking down at the phone again.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. Noticing that they’d all finished eating, he realised it was the perfect time to show Sam and Eileen around before the conversation got any sadder. “So… guided tour?”
“Awww, would you look at you two,” Brittany said, before nudging Matt in the side and giggling. “Relationship goals.”
“What did I ever do to deserve you?” Cas said, completely cutting Dean off.
“Awww, Sammy. I think Eileen’s talking about you.”
Maybe moving to Dean’s hadn’t been a mistake. Maybe it could work out.
“Are you sure?”
he thought, as he concentrated on not coming in Cas’s mouth.
pretty real. Did you mean it?” Dean stared up at Cas, feeling like he was laying his heart on the line and hoping it didn’t get broken.
Castiel had avoided looking at Dean while he spoke, but as he turned his head, he found Dean staring at him with a soft smile on his face. Castiel had no idea how sincere Dean was about what he’d just said, and not knowing was almost too much to take. He had to resist the urge to drag Dean away until he found somewhere they could be alone, and just ask him. Or kiss him… Dean’s reaction would surely give him his answer.
In theory it had made sense. Castiel needed a place to stay, Dean had the space. And of course Dean knew that Claire and Jack would be living with him too, that had never been an issue, but the fact of the matter was Dean simply did not know how to live with other people.
Dean grabbed two mugs - Cas’s special bee one being one of them, of course - and filled them both with coffee, before heading out to the garden to tell Cas the news. Dean waved at him to come over, and while he waited, he took a moment to admire the flowers. Because sometimes you just have to stop and smell the roses.
So, Cas was still playing that game, huh? Pretending Dean hadn’t done something to upset him. He wasn’t going to let that go this time though; he was determined to apologise properly.
He pulled almost all the way out, then thrust back in, and Dean lifted his hips to meet him, causing them both to let out loud groans. Cas pulled back again, and when he thrust back in it was harder and faster, and
“Yes, we should,” Cas agreed, but he made no move to pull out his phone, and neither did Dean. The truth was, he really didn’t want to speak to Sam until he was clear about what was going on between him and Cas.
“I think maybe it would be okay if you were my step-dad,” she announced, like it was just a casual thing to say to someone. Dean had to laugh.
He could play dumb and pretend that he’d forgotten - it wasn’t like they would be staying in the house long term, after all - but maybe he could use the opportunity to his advantage… to show Cas how important his friendship was to him. If they were around other people, Cas wouldn’t be able to avoid him, and Dean could be the best fake husband.
