“Jesus, Cas, it isn’t personal,” Dean switched on the television and held the remote out to him. Cas did not take it. “You should just stay here and watch some trash TV or jack off to some porn or something. Something normal.”
Dean approached the window with caution, and with a reserved hope, not wanting to be played the fool twice in one day. The lightning flickered again, casting brief bursts of light into the hotel room and it illuminated Dean’s face. He felt emptier than he had in a long time, looking out onto the world that was one angel short. And what’s worse is that nobody else seemed to notice that something important was missing. He had to carry that burden alone.
Their time together was limited and they both knew it. Rather, they were sickeningly aware of it every minute of every day. Cas could hardly spare an hour to sleep, tossing and turning throughout the night, never slipping into a deep enough slumber to dream. He knew the consequences of this were beginning to show on his face. The already dark circles under his eyes were puffy and shadowed like bruises; the redness of his sunburned skin had already faded and peeled, leaving something sallow behind in its wake; his eyes were eternally dim and tired, desperate for rest.
“Maybe not,” Sam granted, “but he doesn’t blame you. I think he just doesn’t always understand you.”
Castiel saw no other choice except to take it in stride and he reprimanded himself for ever expecting and hoping for more. It had always been too much to ask for.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Sam assured him quickly, “we get it. Things are hard right now… just take your time.”
Castiel took another wary sip and smacked his lips distastefully, but at least his second reaction wasn’t as severe as the first.
With his hands still cuffed, Castiel reached out to her, his body folding to one side. He very barely touched her ankle before he was yanked upright and hit hard across the face. He slowly turned his head back. Sophia had flinched further away, retreating as if burned. Her wide eyes met Castiel’s and sought forgiveness. She didn’t understand, she had it already. He didn’t expect her saviour, just a favour… just one.
Dean hadn’t kept Castiel safe. His desire to just didn’t matter because in the end it was Ezekiel that saved him. It was just god damn luck and coincidence, and Dean couldn’t just rely on that in future.
“So the first time you did that you screamed bloody murder,” Dean reminded him, “I remember running into that bathroom… it was not a pretty sight, Cas.”
“I couldn’t understand them,” Cas told Dean once he sat behind the wheel. He omitted the sound of his name from the truth. “They were so loud. There were so many voices crying at once…”
His relief was short-lived, however, as he remembered the tapes. He had stupidly claimed that he had never taken them, but Dean was sure to notice when he opened his drawer to find them missing. Lying had already proven to be the death of him. Cas changed his clothes before gathering the tapes in his arms. His only option now was to put them back exactly as he had found them whilst Dean was in the shower. But Dean wasn’t known to take excessively long showers, so Cas knew he had to be quick.
“No.” Dean caressed Cas’ cheek with his thumb and kissed his forehead. “I don’t believe that. Sam doesn’t believe that—,”
Sam looked at him and stood frozen in place, and Dean closed his bedroom door between them. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought Sam finally walked away a few minutes later as he couldn’t hear him out in the hallway. His brother knew when to leave him to his own troubles. Dean opened the bottle and tossed the cap aside, knowing he wouldn’t be needing it with only half a bottle to drown himself in. He settled himself on the edge of his bed, his room dim aside from the one bedside lamp he left switched on, and took to drinking steadily.
Dean grinned and elatedly kissed him one more time before looking around for Dorothy’s old helmet. He would be lying if he said he hadn’t tried it on once or twice and posed in the mirror, imagining riding around Oz and fighting a flying monkey or two. It was a tight fit, but he liked the old-time look of it and felt it suited him just fine. He nestled it under his arm and went back over to Castiel who had taken the initiative to carefully wheel the bike out so they could both mount it.
“It’s too bright,” Dean said. He was already seeing spots and his retinas threatened to burn if he looked directly at the rip.
Cas eased himself up onto the hood beside Dean and naturally leaned into him; arm against arm, thigh pressed to thigh, hand touching hand. Cas smiled delicately. Daunting as it was, Cas couldn’t truly recall the last time he had. It felt like the first time in forever. Dean must have thought so too, since he leaned into Cas and took the smile sweetly between his lips, kissing him and capturing the briefest of moments for all that it was worth. Cas knew Dean deserved more than the fleeting and the weak, but he didn’t want to believe that he’d never be more than just that. He’d heard Dean, heard the waver in his usually solid voice and the nearly imperceptible cry behind each and every word. Cas had done that to him. Not for the first time, and not for the last. But he had to believe that Dean was still there for a reason—there and falling effortlessly into his arms.
Together they walked clumsily down the hall, leaving and forgetting their planted trap in Sam’s doorway.
But Sam didn’t do as he thought. Instead he withdrew and disappeared quietly down the hall without a word; not even something ill-mannered under his breath. Dean stood stark still, the beer in his hand momentarily forgotten as he stared dumbstruck at the place Sam used to be. He wasn’t sure whether this meant he had won the fight—if winning or losing was even in the cards to begin with—or if their disagreement was just on pause.
“I want to stay here… after we save Mary, I want to come back with you,” Castiel whispered, “I can’t stay there in... the ruins—,”
“What are we going to do with him? I mean, we can’t just let him go,” Sam said, mostly thinking aloud to himself. “The only thing I can think of is to take him back to his own world…”
“I hope you don’t mind, but I was flipping through his Bible. It has been a long time since I last read the scripture.”
While Dean was in Purgatory, he’d hoped that the celestial energy would guide him to the missing angel, but the unfortunate truth was that Purgatory was just too big a place. Dean couldn’t imagine where the monster pit started and where it ended, or whether it was just as infinite as the universe itself. In which case, he was surely walking in circles in what was quickly becoming a suicide mission to find Castiel—preferably alive.
“It’s all good,” Dean accepted the apology but looked ashamed for doing so. He rubbed the back of his neck roughly.
mortality until they think about it, whereas Cas felt it all the time. He thought that perhaps humans simply familiarise themselves with the sensation until they are no longer aware of its constant presence.
“It’s not about fault. It’s about will. Dean, do you really not remember?” Castiel tilted his head slightly to the side, his eyes searching Dean’s imploringly. Dean suddenly felt uncomfortable, like Cas was able to see right through him to his very soul. Who knew if all that angelic crap allowed him to do that?
“It’s fascinating to think how far humans have advanced since then,” Cas continued. He had lost all interest in everything since Sam and Dean left, and somehow that interest just reignited. Talking to Dean distracted him from all of life’s irrelevances. He felt like he had valid things to say, and he knew Dean would genuinely listen.
Castiel frowned and wiped his hands clean on a napkin before following Dean back to the car in a dense silence.
“Not enough,” Dean argued. Much to Cas’ surprise, Dean ran his hands up along his sides—starting just above his hips and stopping at his armpits. “You’re skinnier already. You keep going on that way, you’ll be nothing but skin and bones.”
Dean thought, but didn’t say. “He was my best friend. It isn’t about how I could use him. Or you. It’s just… I miss him.”
Cas peered at Dean’s small desk and at the contents that were neatly placed on top and then knelt down to open the drawers. He couldn’t honestly remember where Dean had told him the tapes were, whether they were in his desk or his bedside table, and which drawer of the three in each. It felt wrong, but Cas was reduced to trial and error as he opened the first, the second and then the last without success. Dean’s desk drawers were more cluttered for the most part—the contents of some almost seemingly tossed in without much regard, with some unnameable items in the midst that Cas assumed Dean never actually used. He ensured they were all properly shut before moving to the bedside table. Within the second drawer, he found the vast collection of tapes and gathered them neatly in his arms. As he stood, two tapes fell and he winced at hearing them hit the floor, fearing he may have broken them. Immediately he bent to retrieve them, all the while taking care not to drop anymore, and noticed something peeking out from beneath Dean’s mattress. Castiel hesitated, aware that whatever Dean had stashed there likely wasn’t meant for his eyes, but his curiosity was impossible to ignore. Swiftly, he set the cassettes down and carefully pulled the mystery item free.
He winced and tried again. “I can’t. I t—told you… M—Metatron used my grace for a spell. From the angel tablet.”
As it reached quarter to six, Cas felt a tightness in his chest that he was now, unfortunately, all too familiar with. It was a growing anxiety around his unopened door. It was the dread settling deep in his gut when he didn’t hear approaching footsteps in the hall. Cas swore the room was so much colder whenever Dean wasn’t there, even with the overzealous heating blowing in through the air vents. He looked at the stereo Dean had left behind and he cursed its silence. It didn’t seem appropriate to listen to it on his own, with only the one cassette tape left in the slot.
“You haven’t looked at me all night,” Dean said and tossed the remote down onto the couch; he had no intention of sitting there tonight.
He went back to picking at his food and inspected a small green herb from the top of his steak. He held and grinded it between his thumb and forefinger, and gave it a curious sniff. Whatever it was, he couldn’t identify it and couldn’t recognise the faint scent either though his first thought was that it appeared fresh. Cautiously, he put the herb into his mouth and chewed; instantly regretting it when it got stuck in his teeth and felt dry on his tongue. Though only mildly bitter, Cas found it to be assault on his senses and his face wrinkled up in distaste.
That tape too burned. Its ashes were swept away by the wind. That gift—the memory of home. The memory of Dean—washed away with Cas that day. And maybe it was with him still. Maybe Cas somehow knew in death that Dean hadn’t forgotten him. And Dean had forgiven him for all the trials and tribulations they endured together; for all the mistakes that were made.
“Would you mind ordering now? I have other customers to serve,” she asked, her patience quickly wearing thin.
The waitress looked down on him in pity, her brow furrowing with concern. She tapped the side of her notepad with her pen in thought and peered back towards the kitchen.
But Purgatory wasn’t the place. This wasn’t the time. It was a boundary he had never crossed. And Benny was watching. That, and his angel just admitted to leaving Dean to fend for himself in the land inhabited exclusively by monsters. Dean didn’t know what to do with this harsh truth.
The woman uncomfortably cleared her throat but didn’t wait for them to part before she strode away without another word. Dean could just make out the sound of her flats on the vinyl floor as she left.
So... it has been a long time since I last updated. I wish I could say that I was too busy to write more often, but that simply isn't true. It's true I was never in a proper lockdown and have been working throughout this entire panini, but I could definitely write more often if I tried harder. I can't guarantee the next chapter will be posted anytime soon, but I promise to try harder. However, I will be working on a chapter for my other unfinished Destiel fic before coming back to this one. I hope you enjoyed this chapter-- I admit I deleted and started it over numerous times haha. Until next time xoxo :)
“Or was,” Benny pointed out with a casual shrug of his shoulders. “We’ve been looking for months, Dean. Perhaps your angel is long gone.”
Dean was dangerously close to backing out now, and nearly gave into it when Castiel didn’t let him go.
It was hard to bury the hilarity of what he had just witnessed, but he ultimately felt sympathy for the angel. Whatever ‘horrendous’ thing he had just eaten likely tasted far worse against his tongue. Dean couldn’t imagine how molecules tasted, but Cas had complained about it often enough to give him the sense that they weren’t at all appetising.
Cas had heard voices echoing from the end of the hall the previous night, the volume swiftly amplifying as their argument became more heated. With his door closed he couldn’t quite make out the dispute in its entirety though he could paint a picture now with what he had overheard. It was a squabble that he didn’t have the energy to defuse, nor did he have a rightful place to try. He knew he shouldn’t interrupt and involve himself where he wasn’t wanted, so he simply kept his distance, hoping for it to die down on its own. Which it did. Or at least he thought it did. Dean’s sudden insistence for a road trip, just the two of them, was evidence to the contrary.
Eventually, Cas was almost able to convince himself that he had long since stopped feeling the pain. He told himself he had become numb to it. He tried to believe that he could only endure so much before the agony peaked… but that was nothing other than a beautiful lie. His pain had no threshold; it never ceased or faded or fell into the relief of commonplace. Castiel hoped he would one day get used to it. Because he sure as hell wasn’t about to die anytime soon.
“I do think about you often,” Cas admitted seriously and peeked into the bathroom to inspect the state of the shower and hoped desperately for good water pressure—something he hadn’t yet found at any single place they had stayed for all these weeks.
Thanks for reading, guys! Please leave a review or a kudos for this story if you're enjoying it so far :)
“You know why you can’t, Cas,” Dean rejected the offer. “It’s not safe out there for you. The angels—”
When it came to Dean, you had to talk fast or not talk at all—and for Cas, even after all was said and done and everything had already slipped into the realms of the past, that sense of guilt wouldn’t leave him. And somehow, someway, he always found himself shattering Dean’s hope and loyalty. And for that, Castiel could never be sorry enough.
Castiel stepped closer so he could see Dean better through the vapour. Dean’s gaze was absolutely riddled with questions and concerns. Cas wanted to dispel them. Immediately.
Dean raised an eyebrow and seemed to explore Castiel’s face for a moment or two, and Cas held his breath, almost expecting the cup to be knocked clean from his hand or to be simply left holding onto it forever. Then his chest finally deflated when Dean reached out and accepted his offer, taking it and turning to get into the car. Cas followed and settled himself into the passenger seat. He set the newspaper down on his lap and the coffee between his knees so his hands were free to open up the painkillers. His stomach had mostly settled but the headache seemed stubborn in leaving without some kind of assistance, so he tipped the bottle into his palm and started to close the lid when Dean suddenly smacked him lightly on the shoulder with the back of his hand.
This time Cas had little doubt that Dean meant it. And he wasn’t about to risk whatever friendship still remained between them by testing the sincerity of Dean’s threat. How could he possibly endure being left behind? Being unwanted by the one person whom he wanted to want him?
It had been perplexing discovering that the so called apocalypse-ending-righteous-man would have had a subscription to Busty Asian Beauties had he only a more permanent residence.
… They say it like it means something. Something important. Like… more important than anything else. What does it feel like?”
“No, it’s not serious. It’s just two guys having a chat…” Dean puckered his lips timidly and his knee shook as he tapped the foot that wasn’t pressed to the accelerator. “Look, say this
Cas often displayed his affection through action rather than words. He expressed his devotion best through touch. And as he placed one delicate kiss on the skin of Dean’s neck—his lips lingering there for a few moments too long—he felt Dean’s body soften against his. He felt the weight lift from Dean’s shoulders as the promise washed over them both in the warmth of each other’s arms.
“Cas made a lot of mistakes. A lot of bad choices. And he hurt a lot of people, including his own kind…” Dean took in a shaky breath and looked to the floor, “Including me. But it was never without reason. Cas always had too much heart. He was a good man… Better than what I deserved.”
him. That was the part Cas couldn’t dismiss. The man had stared so intensely, his eyes wandering so thoroughly, that it had to be more than coincidence.
There was a long, heavy silence before Sam finally let out a dejected sigh. Dean looked up to meet his eye and saw that Sam’s expression had softened considerably. There still loomed the dread of what more there was to come and where Dean’s decision could possibly lead them, but, little by little, it was being buried beneath his sympathy. Sam placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. Dean got the distinct feeling of being more like the little brother, and though this wasn’t the first time, he was still a little taken aback. He’d gotten so used to being the big, protective brother, mother, and father to Sam that it still felt foreign to him whenever their roles somehow became reversed. Even after all these years, and after all they had been through, Dean never thought he was someone worth taking care of.
The bunker was silent and still. The halls remained tranquil and undisturbed, left void many hours prior after its occupants went to bed—even if Castiel never actually ended up sleeping. Relieved, Dean finished patting down his hair and rubbed his tired face against his arm, forcing back a yawn. He tread clumsily back towards his room without any haste, convinced by the silence in the bunker that no danger lingered here. With his room immediately in sight, Dean slowed and went to reach for the handle but the door was already open and a hand clamped down hard on his wrist. Dean startled and reflexively pulled against the grip on his arm, but the fingers only pressed tighter into his skin.
“I believe it,” Cas put his own bag down and circled the small room once before sitting down on the edge of his bed, at a loss as to what he and Dean were supposed to do now. Dean didn’t seem to have any ideas either as he put the beers into the fridge to cool down, his lips pursed in thought.
“Believe it or not, this actually isn’t all that bad,” Dean said, appraising the room quickly as he tossed his bag onto one of the beds.
Castiel covered Dean with the blanket, drawing the material up under his chin to keep him warm. It had to suffice for his protective and all-encompassing arms. Dean shifted in his sleep, nuzzling deeper into the blanket and the pillow beneath his head. Cas smiled sadly, taking just a minute longer to linger and watch Dean so at peace. Then, he kissed his cheek, stood up from the bed, and slipped carefully and quietly out the door. He closed it behind him softly and went to Dean’s room, getting dressed methodically in the hopes that a steady pace would keep him going. It would be so easy to just stop and sit there, convincing himself he would leave in a minute, or maybe two, or perhaps even more. He shrugged on his coat and slipped on his shoes, all the while trying to focus his mind.
“Yeah. You’ve gotta start with the good stuff. Heaven forbid your first real experience with music be something shitty,” Dean said and tossed some cassette tapes into Castiel’s lap.
Dean settled himself in the driver’s seat and waited for Sam to force Castiel into the backseat before joining him at his side. He glanced into the rear-view mirror, his green eyes locking with blue. Castiel’s glare was filled with torment and rage, like there had never been any love or compassion behind those eyes before. Dean swiftly looked away. Sam pulled his door shut with a little more force than was necessary and switched the radio on. The station crackled and whirred as the signal faded in and out the further they drove down the winding road toward the highway. The sound put Dean on edge.
Dean pressed play on the tape and grinned to himself when the music filled the dense room. Castiel seemed unsure as to how he ought to respond. It was impossible to tell whether he was enjoying it or not, and he probably didn’t know himself.
For a while he lost himself in it, even sometimes sharing bits and pieces he found especially fascinating, and he often expanded upon it with what he already knew; stopping only to take sips of his coffee. He could tell from Dean’s expression that his recollection of facts was starting to bore him, but the hunter hadn’t asked him to stop either; instead allowing the former angel to ramble on. It made Castiel feel better just to be able to focus his attention on something else for a while.
“Well, that’s ominous,” Dean muttered and cleared his throat. “You come from a world in which my brother and I were never born. And it has been destroyed by a war between the God Squad and Team Satan, right?”
“You have no right to say what he would or would not think of me,” Dean ground out through bared teeth.
“You have strange priorities,” Cas shook his head and held the shirt firmly against Dean’s wound and hoped it would help stop the bleeding. “Where did you put the keys?”
Cas often dreamed, and it wasn’t all bad despite what the wrangled state of his sheets the next morning would suggest. The nightmares were consistent—aggressively so—waking him, shaking, and sticky from sweat, his lips and mouth dry. While this happened most nights, the sense of dread never escaped him. He was always alarmed after opening his eyes to the dark, cavernous ceiling above him and thinking it was a tomb. The claustrophobia of it all was enough to deprive him of breath.
Castiel now knew the taste of his own blood better than he knew anything else. It coated his tongue and settled comfortably in his teeth. After a while, the metallic tang had lost its effect on him. He spat periodically, staining his lips and chin red, no longer caring to wipe them clean on his shoulder. It was sure to wash away the next time they decided to sink his head into the full pail or force the nozzle of the hose into his mouth and turn on the tap until he threw up the contents of his stomach, coughing up water onto the broken cobblestone.
“It’s wonderful,” Cas said and he offered a timid smile. It was the most he could give, though he couldn’t have appreciated Dean’s efforts more.
Fretting under his breath, Cas circled the kitchen with both hands in front of him, trying to find some kind of cloth or paper towel he could sort himself out with. The pot on the stove spat aggressively in his direction, demanding his immediate attention. He scampered to it and hurriedly turned down the heat, smearing the butter and flour concoction everywhere. It was hard to say whether the apples were actually burnt or if it was just the mass amount of cinnamon that had turned them that colour, but Cas still wrinkled his nose at the failure.
Cas pulled into the service station and peered out through the windshield. The wipers battled against the pouring rain, his view disrupted by the haze. He saw who he assumed was the store clerk through the window and two truckers loitering just outside, likely enjoying a cigarette or two as they waited for the rain to settle. He checked the time on his dash and began to fret over how long it had been since he left the bunker. The vehicle he took from the garage had sat idle there for so many years and no longer ran as smoothly as it probably once had. He had abandoned it some ways back at the side of the road, continuing on foot until he found a less conspicuous car he could steal.
Castiel had to question where in his subconscious he believed he had the right to those rare restful nights. How could he possibly grant himself any peace when his brothers and sisters were out there lost and barricaded from Heaven?  Whenever a dream was followed by a subsequent nightmare, Cas took the onslaught of panic deservedly—gripping the sheets in trembling hands and allowing the dead weight to fall upon his chest. Though, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t keep it from alleviating. Eventually, he could breathe again and the heat left his face, and his sweat turned cold. By the time morning came, it had dried, almost as if nothing had ever happened. But of course, the pattern would repeat itself all over again a mere few hours later.
“We should go,” Dean sighed and suddenly pulled away and got out of the car. He moved so fast that Cas couldn’t be entirely sure, but he swore he saw a particular bulge in Dean’s boxers that hadn’t been so prominent earlier, and he realised that maybe his touch had more power than he had thought.
“I’m gonna stock up on some snacks. I won’t judge you if you wanna pick up some porn,” Dean said, “my personal recommendation? Busty Asian Beauties. You can’t go wrong.”
Dean was special. And Cas could hardly imagine a future without him in it. By losing his grace, Cas started to feel the vulnerability that had always lingered within Dean, and it terrified him. Terrified him because it meant that that future he hadn’t been able to imagine was now taking shape in the recesses of his mind. It felt possible now in ways it never had before. And despite his own risk of dying being probably equal to that of Dean’s, he found he only had concern for the hunter. Dean was someone worth protecting. No matter the cost.
“Nothing,” Cas said. He bit his bottom lip tensely and also stood, keeping his hand over the dried cum on his pants. “Have a good shower.”
“Well, shit is dirty in the literal sense. Though, did you know that Ancient Egyptians used pessary made of dried crocodile dung as a form of contraception?”
“Shouldn’t we invite Sam?” Cas asked timidly, not wanting to make Dean angrier than he already was. Dean slammed the trunk shut and Cas winced, suddenly unsure as to how he ought to stand or where he should put his hands. Dean’s expression was jarring, and Cas considered the idea of sitting in the back seat rather than in the front alongside the hunter.
Cas could hardly comprehend what was happening. All he knew was that it hurt to be moved. It hurt to be touched. Instinct told him to flinch at the feel of their hands. Their grasps were too tight and the texture of their skin too rough, together fighting under the weight of Castiel’s limp body as they heaved him onwards. It was so dark outside, everything encapsulated by shadow except for the two steady streams of lights ahead that called to them. Castiel blinked against them. His heart battled inside his chest, beating rapid and loud. Fear had snared him. Even saviour felt dangerous.
“Oh, Cas… I was just thinking of what we should do for lunch tomorrow. Any ideas?” Dean said as he picked up the keys from the kitchen counter.
“Hey, hey, you’re okay,” Dean tried to soothe, suddenly startling from his long-needed slumber in the chair by Castiel’s bed. He shuffled his seat in closer and gently took Castiel’s free hand into his, smoothing his thumb over his knuckles.
It didn’t help that Castiel was getting better at hiding it; masking it behind a stern expression and keeping himself occupied as if there wasn’t this heavy depression weighing him down like wading into the ocean with stones in his pockets.
Castiel still didn’t seem convinced as he eyed the bike warily and suddenly held onto Dean’s arm, squeezing just a little too hard.
For the remainder of the drive, Dean switched cassettes and explained the history of each band and song, having to try and raise his voice above the noise so Cas could hear. It was baffling to him how Dean could somehow retain so much information on things that Castiel himself had never actually heard of throughout his very long existence. It seemed like a lot to take in in such a short amount of time, but he tried to remember the facts in case he needed to recall them later. Mostly he just liked to see Dean get so animated as he talked, using his hands to emphasise the supposed brilliance of
Cas struggled to comprehend the question. But he knew that his fear had suddenly found a reason to creep back through the fissures in his consciousness and settle there at the forefront of his mind. Drunken, they immediately began to intensify. The memories of his nightmares flashed distorted before his eyes.
The window was cool and fogging as the car became warmer on the inside than the outside from their body temperatures. He didn’t dare rub the fog with his sleeve, instead opting to view the world through a veil of mist where all the colours between the grey sky and black road blurred. But he recognised the stark red motel in which they were staying as it passed them by and he quickly turned to look at Dean who seemed oblivious to having driven straight past it.
Unable to ignore him any longer, Cas got up from his chair and went to investigate. In the library, Dean was rearranging the shelves, likely out of boredom and in an attempt to self-soothe without the use of alcohol. Castiel suspected it wasn’t working since Dean’s expression still seemed forlorn as he heaved another stack of books from one side of the room to the other. He also suspected Sam would have numerous disapproving comments to share were he present to see it.
Dean lifted up the pan and turned to empty the contents onto two empty plates. He froze when he saw Cas standing there still with that dumb smile on his face. Dean set the pan down on the counter and scurried to turn off the stereo. His fingers fumbled with the buttons, pausing and rewinding and replaying before finally hitting stop. The kitchen fell into silence. Dean turned and looked at him, reaching round to his back and struggling to untie the knot of his apron.
Dean was suddenly so afraid that Castiel might change his mind. He realised there was more to lose than just Cas’ memory. There stood the living, breathing angel that a part of Dean truly loved, and he was unwilling to let that go.
Like the stars, Castiel was already dead… all that was left was the fading light trapped in a lonely, faraway world.
“Clever,” Dean mused. His eyes glanced briefly at Castiel’s lips, and then he bit his own bottom lip in temptation. “I’d kiss you but…”
Dean didn’t try to move away, and Castiel wouldn’t have let him anyway, his hands tangling into the material of Dean’s shirt and actually pulling at it without purpose. Cas just wanted the hunter close to him; wanted to feel Dean at his side and under his hands and in his arms. The car grew warm with their combined body temperatures and the windows fogged with their heavy breathing. The scent of alcohol permeated the backseat, which lulled them more into each other’s sides.
He allowed Castiel to keep trailing behind him as he went into the library and sat down in front of one of the books Sam had left open on the table. He flipped it back to the first page and started idly reading it, though not really caring about the contents. He was sure it was yet another boring, convoluted volume from an extensive series of other boring and convoluted books. As was most of what Sam spent his free time reading.
But when a car backed out of the parking lot, its headlights streaming through the thin curtain covering the window, Castiel saw that Dean was lying there awake, watching him. Cas turned his back to the hunter, curling up even tighter so that his legs started to cramp. That look in Dean’s eye… it was like he had known all along that Castiel was suffering. It was like Dean was watching over him, protecting him from harm.
who has no say in this,” Castiel sat forward in his chair. “If there’s one thing I have learned since being dragged into this world, it’s that you humans have such a tiny perspective on a much bigger picture. I’m talking about power that is well out of the realms of your understanding. I’m talking about a boot stomping on an ant, and all of creation is the ant. There is no question about killing this thing. There is no moral argument against saving the abomination—,”
“I’m sorry about this morning,” Dean said, “it was shitty of me to stumble in like that. I didn’t do anything too stupid, did I?”
Castiel began putting the books in place slowly, reading the spines of each as he put them down. Once he was finished, he stood up to gather more but paused to inspect the work Dean had already done. Like with most things, there had to be an order to them that only Dean understood. To Cas’ untrained eye, there was no rhyme nor reason to the new organisation.
“What are you doing, Dean?!” Sam hissed. His eyes were wild; wide and manic with untethered dread. Dean knew that Sam knew. He knew everything without having to ask. The guilt was all over Dean’s face.
Cas turned around and saw Dean standing in the doorway. The hunter blinked sleepily at him, his eyes mostly unfocused and his mouth sat partially slack as though he had only just woken up. Cas straightened up and wrung his gloved hands together. For some reason he felt like he had been caught doing something he shouldn’t.
“You could have called… you know, if you wanted,” Dean said, his voice going quiet. He started fiddling with his beer bottle, peeling off the label slowly and crumpling it into a small ball.
Dean knew he should be used to all of Castiel’s mind tricks; being touched between the eyes or on the shoulder and appearing somewhere else without feeling much of anything aside from a little nausea, being sent back in time which left his insides in a state of shock for a week or two at a time, or reliving the exact details of a memory. He should be used to it; after all, Castiel was prone to using his powers without first thinking of asking permission or giving some forewarning, but Dean, this time, recoiled from Castiel’s touch without knowing why.
And that look of pure ecstasy in his expression told Cas that he wanted this just as much as he did; he wanted Cas in his arms, in his bed; as a permanent fixture in his life. And Cas was willing and ready to give him all that and more. He had just been waiting for Dean to ask.
They were both ridiculously out of tune, but Dean had an assurance about him that made it all seem so purposeful and effortless. The hunter threw all his energy into it and tapped the steering wheel in time to the gentle beat and raised his voice for the chorus. It clearly didn’t matter to him when Cas’ voice faded into indiscernible mumbling at the parts he couldn’t remember. Accuracy wasn’t important; but his participation was. And that gave Cas the confidence to sing louder and he swayed into Dean’s side with a whole-hearted ease.
Dean knew that this time wouldn’t be any different, unless it was somehow worse. The angels falling was a tragedy; the mess of Heaven pummelling down onto Earth, and there didn’t seem to be any resolution in sight. How does one go about fixing something like that? And Castiel surely felt helpless with his grace stolen and his body now that of a mortal man. What could Cas do? Dean certainly didn’t have any ideas to offer, and nor did he have the ability to comfort the now former angel they way he needed and deserved.
Thinking back, Dean realised that that energy had always surrounded Cas like… well, like a halo, but the years had somehow intensified the angelic power. Like the time they spent together somehow nurtured it and made the sensation grow in strength. Which was strange to Dean, since he’d thought that familiarity would only weaken it, or at least make it easier to ignore; after all, you can get used to anything if you’re around it for long enough.
Sam and Dean always walked around armed, no matter where they went. They went to gas stations and diners and pizza places with a gun in their belt. For Castiel, this had become commonplace. If any possible threat approached, both boys pulled out their guns and pointed with perfect aim. It happened so often Cas no longer so much as blinked. For them, it was a precaution. A valid safety requirement that had boded well for them thus far. So perhaps it wasn’t unusual for other civilians to carry weapons on them also. In fact, Castiel could recall him and the Winchesters having guns pulled on them numerous times. He no longer blinked at this either, even with the barrel pointed at his head. He couldn’t discern when it was appropriate to worry.
Cas got to work on the buttons of his shirt, taking it slow and watching Sam’s demeanour for any sign of unease. But the state of his bandages and bruises didn’t perturb Sam in the slightest as his well-accustomed eyes studied them closely. He wasn’t so easily flummoxed by battle scars; the sight of death had put life, no matter how frail or broken, into a hard-headed perspective. It was all too familiar. Sam didn’t ponder it for too long before getting to work removing his bandages one after the other. Cas sat patiently and shifted as needed. He was glad to have helping hands involved in this process. Still, even after all this time, he wasn’t used to healing this way.
She looked at him, almost in pity. The angels had said that she was kind, and they were right. Cas could see that in her. He could see the doubt and apology in her eyes as she second-guessed what was to come. She wasn’t one for torture or needless slaughter. She had only wanted to do right by her siblings, and acted out of fear, overcome by broken wings and confusion.
Dean blinked again and winced at the pain in his shoulder as Castiel grabbed it. And then he was being dragged—near lifted and carried actually. He couldn’t fight even if he wanted to. Dean allowed Castiel to take him wherever he wanted, and then he felt the swift sensation of passing from one world through to the next.
Dean didn’t answer him and just kept on driving. They passed the turnoff where the portal had been and continued on to the nearest lake which was at least another half hour from there. He slowed down as they neared it and went steadily over the slightly uneven dirt terrain to be close to the water’s edge. Dean got out of the car, ignoring Sam’s questions and protests, and opened Castiel’s door. The angel slowly got out, staring at Dean as if asking if this were okay. Dean nodded faintly and watched as Castiel carefully tread down to the water.
Dean closed the door with a quiet click. He stopped and tried, with little success, to tidy his dishevelled hair. He could feel its wild appearance without needing to see it in a mirror. Of course, he couldn’t recall shifting much throughout the night, and he thought it likely wasn’t possible with how he had been enveloped in Castiel’s arms. It must have been Castiel’s fingers running through it and his face nuzzling into the soft tresses. After all, that’s how they had been positioned when Dean woke up. He could feel Castiel’s warm breath against his scalp and the gentle prod of his nose as he nestled deeper into his hair.
Dean hadn’t heard Castiel coming into the room—he never did—and he jumped at the interruption. Automatically, he withdrew his hand from the carving and retrieved his beer, purposely sipping from it and acting aloof. He stood upright—or rather as upright as his fuzzy intoxication would actually allow—and acknowledged Castiel with a faint nod of his head. His heart was still racing from the unexpected company.
“No, I really don’t,” Dean cut him off, “and I don’t think it mattered anyway. We were smashed off our heads.”
“You always say that. About everything,” Dean sighed, “and I get it. You think you’re doing the right thing—”
“I’ve slept,” Castiel told him plainly. He slipped the blanket back up over the top of his head and shut his tired eyes.
Dean hesitated, but then decided there wasn’t any harm in giving Castiel what he wanted. There was only so much the angel could do with these answers, considering he was still bound to his chair with no conceivable way to escape the bunker, let alone this universe. Dean sank back down into his chair and rubbed idly at his chin, contemplating where to begin and how best to phrase it. It seemed an impossible notion to put the events of that night—and all those horrible weeks since—into words. But he had to try.
“I don’t plan,” he answered easily. Castiel crawled, rather clumsily, from the front seat into the back and leaned against the backrest with a smile still playing at his lips.
The small part of him that didn’t want to die just wanted to be held, to be caressed and comforted and healed by time and attention. He wanted to rest in the warmth of Dean’s bed and fall into the first truly peaceful, dreamless sleep he ever had. That’s all he needed to survive, and perhaps it was enough to
“When you had your wings and harp, Cas. It’s different now. You have weaknesses you’ve never had before. I can’t risk my ass trying to save yours.”
“It’s all good,” Dean interjected quickly. The label on his bottle came off in one large piece. Dean crumpled it into a ball and dropped it in the trash before leaning back against the counter.
“I can’t feel him,” Dean admitted in a quiet, broken voice. “It’s been months and I still can’t feel him anywhere.”
Castiel had to admit Dean had a valid point. They weren’t exactly a conventional pair, and Castiel was far more chaotic than most. He had hundreds, maybe even thousands of angels on his back seeking to claim his head for bounty. He was a target for strong biblical creations that could—and would—kill him and anyone that tried to stop them without hesitation. Castiel could never be anything more than a fleeting moment in Dean’s life—and perhaps this was it. Perhaps by tomorrow, everything they had would be gone.
Dean was taking up more than his fair share of the bed, his limbs seemingly splaying to take up most of the room. Cas teetered ever closer to the edge and so he half-heartedly nudged Dean’s hip, already knowing he couldn’t, and wouldn’t, be moved. Eventually, Cas gave in and found that it was simply best to just hold on and hope for the best. Soon, however, Dean surprised him by holding his arm and pulling him in closer, rescuing him from the treacherous cold tiles. Cas sheepishly shuffled closer into Dean’s side, his back against Dean’s ribs, accepting his unspoken invitation to share.
Cas shook his head, sure now that he probably shouldn’t have brought it up. He must sound so foolish. “Well, no… but I think I remember some of the lyrics.”
Dean decided he wasn’t to be trusted and knew to keep his distance. Instinctively, he felt for the lighter in his pocket and peered at the ring of holy oil on the floor, ensuring it was still wet.
“I might hold you to that,” Dean agreed after a moment or two, “I’ll explain it. Or… I’ll show you. Either way.”
That night, or rather in the early hours of the morning not long before the sun was due to rise, Dean crept out of bed. He peered out through his open doorway to the dark hallway, half expecting to find Sam hanging around waiting for him as if anticipating Dean all along. But, as far as Dean could tell, nobody was there. The bunker was dense with silence. But he knew
“We may kill you. Eventually. But first, you’re going to send us home,” Tabbris said. It was an empty order. They knew just as he did that he was powerless to get them back into Heaven.
Then Castiel stopped at the one thing in the room that didn’t belong. Even though it was outdated when considering that everything now was contained in portable devices and Bluetooth speakers, the stereo was new enough to stand out from all the other contraptions littered around the room. Castiel peered at it curiously and tentatively touched one of the buttons, causing the cassette slot to open. He closed it and then opened it again, trying to understand its function.
Dean had spent an hour each day there, having distanced his chair from Castiel’s so he could watch him from afar and feel less inclined to speak. Not that Castiel took issue with that—never arguing for or against Dean’s abject silence. Instead, he sat as still as ever under that singular burning light, looking pointedly at nothing as the time passed. Patience seemingly came easy for a creature of millennia. For Dean, however, patience was limited. He’d decided to mimic interrogations for Sam’s sake, making a point of going to see Castiel and returning again, apparently frustrated at the angel’s refusal to cooperate. Still, he hadn’t admitted the truth—that Castiel may very well answer him if only he would ask. Despite having advised Sam to approach Castiel with honesty, little had changed. The hunter’s words went unrecognised by the angel, with his silences heavy with purpose. Why Castiel still ignored Sam, even after all this time, escaped Dean, and he’d finally had enough.
Castiel slumped further down in his seat, his expression perturbed and his demeanour exhausted as he tried and failed to understand Dean. They were perceptively from two very different worlds that were never intended to collide.
“Where were you with the warning sticker?” Castiel huffed and finished his water and then drank the leftovers of Dean’s glass too for good measure.
His body still felt euphoric with intoxication and his mind was without inhibitions, allowing him to finally act upon all those nights he thought of Dean whilst clasping his own dick in his hand, pleasuring himself at the image of Dean’s body beneath him. He’d longed to feel the warmth of skin against skin, hips grinding against hips and to feel the heat of Dean’s pleasured moans against the base of his neck. What he’d never been able to accurately imagine, however, was the stiff ridge of Dean’s jeans against the inside of his thigh. Dean lightly thrust up against Castiel, guiding his hips down against him in a desperate need for friction. Castiel’s jeans were becoming increasingly tight and uncomfortable, his own cock swelling now, and he just needed Dean’s hands on him. Anywhere on him.
He felt locked in place for the longest time, leaning against the side of the Impala and he ran his hand down over his face, thinking perhaps he was just exhausted. It would certainly explain the hallucination, maybe even the feeling of Castiel’s presence as well. He couldn’t be blamed for what he couldn’t control; the excuse was entirely reasonable.
Dean’s heart sunk in his chest, knowing he should have asked Castiel sooner. His fear of losing the angel had stopped him from giving what Cas needed: his help. And now he hated himself for it.
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean demanded to know, his eyes intense as he stared the former angel down.
Closing his eyes, Cas focused on the sun kissing his cheek and the steady rise and fall of Dean as he breathed. It helped. The more he fixated on where he was and who he was with, the better he felt. Unlike most things in life, this was easy.
Cas withdrew and tugged off his shirt. Dean immediately followed after him, his eyes alight and eager as he took Cas in and admired something within him that Cas couldn’t recognise or even imagine. He traced the edges and soft curves of Castiel’s body, his calloused hands exploring him one more time.
Cas knew it was unavoidable. He was poison to those around him. But he kept trying to delay the truth for as long as he could because his greed made it impossible not to. He continued to take what he did not deserve because it made him feel good.
Cas once had to take care not to break the things he touched. The differences between Heaven and Earth were boundless. There had been a lot to learn from the very moment Castiel’s feet first touched the ground. Of course, back then, his curiosity had been stifled and frequently frowned upon by the other angels. His duties had taken precedence despite the urges he felt to explore, and he had left much the same way he had arrived. It had been just over a century before he was to return to Earth… and he never would have believed it then had someone told him that he would never truly be welcome home again.
There were angels hunting Castiel down, enraged at what he had inadvertently done, and their desire for revenge was palpable. But it could never outweigh Dean’s desire to save him. The hunter would gladly take on any angel that dared to cross him, and he wouldn’t hesitate to gank any of those now wingless sons-of-bitches that wanted to take his Castiel away.
Dean slipped past Sam and went into the bathroom. In the privacy of those four walls, Dean only then began to realise the weight of his decisions. He began to see the future that loomed ahead of them, and the dangers that threatened to capsize their lives.
He felt Dean flick his tongue through the slit of his cock, making him whimper as he started to feel a tightness in his stomach and testicles, and a great swelling in his erection. He was already so close and the sensation was driving him wild. He couldn’t form any words of warning for Dean; breathless moans passing his lips without restraint, and he couldn’t ease the tension forming between his shoulders as he arched again against the seat. His eyes shut at the growing frenzy, his hands tangling into his own hair to try and garner some control: but Dean had effortlessly consumed his willpower. He had nothing left to tether him to reality; because surely this was just a dream—a damn good one at that.
“I’ll leave you two alone,” Cas said smartly and stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind him.
“No, tell me. Please tell me,” Cas needed to hear it in Dean’s own words. He wanted to know that Dean, for all this time, had wanted him equally in return. Castiel longed to learn that Dean had thought as frequently about this as he did, maybe even touching himself in the next room when Cas hadn’t known it.
As he saw this, Castiel felt it was safe to move, which he had been struggling to restrain himself from doing from the very moment he pushed in. Dean was tight around Castiel, and the pressure and warmth was something outside even the bounds of Castiel’s imagination. He decided that no matter if he had read or watched more in preparation, nothing could have primed him for this.
Castiel would miss Dean. He would miss him more than he missed his grace. More than he would miss his life.
This could never be replicated again, but that wasn’t to say they would never have something even greater—because Castiel knew that Dean was not going to pull away this time.
The need to eat didn’t fade in periods of immense distress, and he still had to drag himself out of bed to use the bathroom despite wanting nothing more than to stay buried inside his blankets, wallowing. It was just exhausting. Though now he held much greater respect for humans for somehow coping with their physical needs whilst suffering from their emotional ones.
“That’s not true,” Cas murmured gently, standing up gracelessly. He half reached towards Dean who, in turn, took two tentative steps back away from him. Castiel withdrew his hand.
“Dude, I know you’ve only slept a couple hours and this is the first pit stop we’ve made all day, but do you have to eat like a fucking pig?”
With the last of his appetite lost, Cas set down the remainder of his sandwich and left the last mouthful of bitter coffee in the bottom of his mug. He felt around his pocket and set the money he owed on the table with the rest as a decent tip for his waitress. Standing up, he felt eyes on him. He peered up at the counter and saw a man watching him. He had his chin nestled into a worn scarf, the collar of his scruffy coat turned up. Cas just barely saw the greying stubble on his chin, the colour matching the salt and pepper hair he had buzzed close to the scalp. As he turned and met Castiel’s eye, his jacket moved to reveal the bulge of a gun in his waistband. Cas tensed. The man clenched his jaw and appraised Cas carefully, looking head to foot and back up again before becoming distracted as the waitress returned with his coffee in a takeaway cup. He thanked her and handed over a few coins, hesitating on the spot before leaving.
A weight dropped in Dean’s chest. With trembling fingers, he shoved the phone back into his pocket and picked up his shotgun. He clenched onto it tightly for another few minutes until the portal closed, the burning edges of the rip melding seamlessly back together.
“I mean any relationship that became more than a fling has never ended well. And you and me? We’re both chaotic. Doesn’t exactly seem promising, does it?”
How long before something else came along, maybe something even worse? What could Sam’s search for Dean bring down on humanity? After his trip to Hell pushed Sam straight into Ruby’s manipulative hands, Dean worried what his disappearance would mean for his brother this time. Because he would try anything and everything to find him, never mind the risks, just the way Dean knew
Castiel shivered again and finally gave into the cold, shifting across in his seat so he was leaning against Dean’s side for warmth. Dean allowed Cas to sit so close but the former angel decided not to press his luck and try resting his cold cheek against the hunter’s shoulder. That was something that he understood would probably breach Dean’s personal space—a concept that seemed to be a metaphorical bubble from which Dean sometimes ventured out whenever he stood close to Cas or embraced him. Cas never ventured into the bubble anymore though he oftentimes wanted to. This was the first time in a long while that he had crossed that line without first being invited.
“I am an angel in a land of abominations. There have been things hunting me since the moment we arrived,” Castiel explained.
“Jesus Christ, what are you two like best friends now?” Dean looked incredulous at the fact that his name apparently appeared frequently in the conversations his brother and Cas have with each other.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably and his eyes flickered upward to the cavernous ceiling. “The angels… but…”
Castiel hadn’t seen the waitress approach their table but Dean looked suave, confident and prepared as he leant his arms against the table, his head tilted to the side. Dean’s lips quirked into an easy smile and his eyes gleamed with an irresistible shimmer of misdeed, and Cas could only watch with a pang of jealousy settling in his gut.
“You’re losing all the best parts! Look, you’ve gotta keep turning it around and taking bites from different sides. That way you don’t imbalance the amount of bread to the amount of fillings, see?” Dean lectured, genuinely a little distraught over how Cas was butchering one of his favourite foods. But then Dean just laughed as he watched the former angel fail to follow his example. “Or just enjoy it any way you want.”
Dean blinked. Now, he understood. He realised why Castiel suddenly seemed so apprehensive and frozen in place like a deer trapped in headlights. The longer he stayed here on Earth—and in the bunker—the less willing he was to return to his own world. But the reason why still eluded Dean. After all, they had given Castiel no reason to stay. What was there for him here? What was worth being here when his brothers and sisters were suffering back home?
Dean bit his lip, trying and failing to shush his pleasured cries. The sound escaped anyway—raw and breathy and vulnerable. And the sound erupted as he reached climax, the curses passing his lips like water through clasped hands. Cas watched him as he arched his back and raised his face to the cavernous ceiling, falling apart and loving every moment.
Castiel nodded slightly, each and every one of his movements tainted with heartache—his mind obviously torn between what he should do and what felt right. Dean recognised that look. He had seen it in Cas all those years ago, and he had chosen to do the right thing.
Cas silently retrieved his own drink and sipped steadily from it, the sound of his wildly beating heart still pounding in his ears, the tips of his ears bright red and the hairs on his neck still prickling like an electric shock.
They both fell quiet and all that could be heard was the faint buzzing of someone’s television a room or two over and the dripping of the shower tap in their bathroom. Castiel squirmed a little and swallowed hard against a lump in his throat. Almost cautiously, he turned to look at the shadow of Dean beside him. Dean, who so often permeated a false air of self-assurance, now seemed timid. The hunter was uncharacteristically quiet when often times before he had made a point of making a quippy remark of some kind—most referencing things Castiel didn’t understand. Cas wished he would say something—anything—that could enlighten him as to whether it was okay to move in closer.
Sam considered his words carefully before daring to explain himself. Cas could recognise the contemplation and the doubt that nearly tied his tongue into knots.
Cas shivered again. “Yes,” he breathed. He wanted it desperately. Suddenly more than he had ever wanted anything else. The desire struck every cord inside him and owned his will. This hunger was stronger than he was.
So Dean stayed there under Castiel’s ever attentive scrutiny until the angel finally spoke up. “You are a very peculiar thing…”
Dean wouldn’t even give him the benefit of a response, which only fuelled Benny’s intrigue and he would ask more and more questions, trying to wear the hunter down. And Dean honestly managed to hold his tongue for the longest time, eventually giving an actual answer entirely by accident rather than by choice.
Dean truly began to consider the prospect and wondered if it was possible; if he really could do such a thing.
He could hear the water running for all of five minutes with the occasional shivered curse echoing from the bathroom as Dean battled the cold shower before giving up much the same way Castiel had. And Cas smiled fondly as he listened to the hunter in the next room, though it didn’t escape his attention that Dean was fully undressed now with nothing but a door separating them. It was impossible not to picture him naked, and remember what it felt like to kiss and caress his body. And he hoped now that the opportunity to do it again hadn’t escaped him, since his touch had aroused Dean not even a half an hour before.
“Wasn’t a bright sticker like you recommended,” Cas pointed out lightly, swallowing the correct number of pills with coffee and effectively burning his tongue again. He winced and shook his head in utter disbelief that he somehow hadn’t learned from the past dozen times.
“To do what? What do you need me to do?” Cas leaned up and took Dean’s nipple between his lips; sucking gently.
There was a long stillness with just the faint sound of the television emanating from the corner. Dean didn’t really listen to it; just allowing the audio to fade into an incoherent drone in the background. In fact, he almost forgot it was turned on at all. He was too focused on Sam’s extended absence, wondering if he had left the two of them alone on purpose. With his cheek rested against his fist, he gazed at the blank wall directly across from him until his eyelids started to droop. The lack of sleep had finally caught up to him and he was far too tired to fret anymore. The chair was comfortable, and the faint scent of leather lulled him to sleep.
“I think there are some days where you just can’t pretend to be happy,” Dean interjected, “like… some days it’s too hard and you really can’t do it anymore.”
winning. Many of our soldiers have fallen, and we are running low on viable vessels, but we were surely defeating them. Until Lucifer reappeared.”
“Yeah, yeah. I know,” Dean rubbed his heavy lidded eyes and finally sat upright in his chair. His stomach and head protested.
Cas followed him to Dean’s room and watched as he got dressed. Dean paused midway and tossed some clothes to Cas who quietly thanked him and pulled them on. The shirt smelled like Dean. Like spiced cologne and gunpowder. It was what Cas imagined warmth to smell like. Something inside him ceased to ache.
Dean pushed past Sam and stepped into his room. He opened up his dresser and sifted through it for a clean shirt he could change into after a shower. Selecting one, he inspected it only to find splatters of blood or gore of some kind that hadn’t come out in the wash; it was hard to say what kind of monster it belonged to, but, whatever it was, it had ruined one of his favourite shirts.
“Steak, well done, with fries,” Castiel ordered and handed her his menu. He looked around at the few other patrons at the bar and even he was able to tell that they had no intention of eating anything—she just had no desire to be at their table any longer than she absolutely needed to.
Castiel thought Dean was being far too kind to him. Too generous. Too understanding. Cas had done nothing to earn such genuine affection, and he resented himself for somehow receiving it anyway, and then resented himself even more for not arguing against it.
“Yes! Yes, I’m sure,” Dean gasped, suddenly starting to come undone at Castiel’s touch and he groaned as he ejaculated into his hand.
Sam had said it so severely, and Dean’s sense of vision was so desperate to blur, that Dean had readily denied it. He had so painfully reasoned against the matter-of-fact of it all because it hurt more not to. But there came these little things, like tiny broken shards of glass you couldn’t see but could always feel embedded in the skin of your feet, which reminded him just how that purity had felt and why it was that he wasn’t feeling it now. It left such a sour taste in his mouth, a taste that only liquor and denial could cleanse.
“If you’re really so worried about these other dimensions, then why don’t we just kill him and be done with it?” Dean turned to face him head on, and took a long, purposeful drink of his beer.
Cas’s hands were swiftly struck with nerves and he fumbled with the slowly forming dough. His cheeks were flushed red for the first time in a long time. He kept his back to Dean to obscure the discolouration.
doing the right thing,” Cas interjected, desperate for Dean to understand and to believe him, and maybe even forgive him. Though from Dean’s unchanging expression it appeared Castiel’s hope for that was simply wasted.
world, after all. He knows all there is to know about it, and, let’s face it, that’s intel we really need.”
Castiel shook his head in confusion. What did they have? Or, rather, what was so terrifying about it?
Cas, though retiring to the safe confines of his bed at night, always withdrew from it in the morning. He began each day by making coffee; passably, but never well. Then Sam would join him to cook breakfast, though Cas would only attend to the toast—usually burning it and having to try and salvage it by scratching the black crust away with a butter knife. On worse days, he had to scrap it and start all over again. Eventually, Dean would join them, emerging from the dormitories wrapped up in his robe, his hair dishevelled from sleep and his heavy-lidded eyes ringed by dark circles. Cas imagined that Dean often tossed and turned throughout the night, perhaps even more than he did. He wondered what kind of nightmares taunted the hunter. But Cas thought that it was probably best not to ask.
Castiel hesitated a moment before sitting beside him, thigh pressed to thigh, and embraced Dean with his arm.
on the counter and moving to the split bag of flour that coated the floor, then the browning apple peels piled by the stove, and finally the near-empty jar of cinnamon that had been banished to the corner.
anything… it’s…” Castiel fell silent, his eyes glistening and dejected. It became obvious to Dean that Cas and Castiel both had held so much hope for their father. They had both believed in His goodness. Their faith, though tested, had held strong despite each thread of hope breaking.
But a part of him simultaneously thought he ought to retreat. The music lured him in, but the second voice singing elatedly along somehow suggested a danger he should probably stay away from.
“I love you too,” Dean breathed out, “I really freaking love you. Even when you don’t believe it, I do love you.”
Where they had already begun—probably even long before the night in the Impala—this moment was not the end.
Castiel took a turn with ease and accelerated even more as the road straightened out for the foreseeable future. They had no destination in mind; they didn’t need one. They could go anywhere or nowhere at all as long as they had each other. As long as the barrier of two different worlds wasn’t forced between them.
“No. Don’t move,” Dean said quickly, his breath hot against Cas’ neck, right below his ear. Castiel shivered and the hairs on his arms stood on end.
“Sam and I think that we need to split up… to look for these portals,” Castiel explained gently, “for every portal we get to, there’s a lot more that we miss. If we want to save your mother and find the Nephilim and shut these portals for good, then we need a strategy. Even if it isn’t one we like.”
The only room they had not gone to was Sam’s. There was an unspoken rule there that they both just knew without question. And every day they passed it without hesitance, their minds instead going to the war room or the laboratory or elsewhere.
Despite the allure of the former, Dean chose the latter. The payoff wasn’t as good, but the cost wasn’t quite as dear as opening the floodgates and expressing the burdens he wished never to voice.
“I’ll keep that in mind for next time,” Cas promised. He was honestly relieved. As he’d had nothing but time to dwell and sink further into his grief, a minute to call Sam and/or Dean would have been a welcome escape. He’d actually hoped that either one of them might have called to ask for his assistance: to pick his brains for answers, or to have him sift through one or more thick tomes from the shelves for information. But they either hadn’t needed him or had sought another source as not to bother him.
Castiel braced his arms on the toilet seat and rested his head down in the crevice of his elbow. His stomach churned again at the horrid smell of his own sick and he clumsily reached up to flush it. His body heaved at the small effort and he coughed against his skin, trying with all he had to keep the remaining contents of his stomach down. The burning in his throat was vile, the lining essentially eroded by alcohol and bile, and the taste that lingered maliciously in his mouth tempted him to be sick all over again.
Sam gestured at the GPS on his phone, his hands moving fast and flustered. Dean couldn’t possibly see the small screen from the driver’s seat, particularly with his attention on the frequently winding road, with the dial on the speedometer inching farther and farther from the legal limit. With Sam’s constant complaints and impatient commands to go faster, Dean couldn’t even hear the GPS telling him where to go when, which had resulted in them having to turn around at least twice already.
Castiel beamed, relieved that Dean was willing to partake, and the tension between them had already started to alleviate. Dean’s posture softened and his hands slid to a lower position on the steering wheel. In turn, Cas shifted comfortably in his seat and folded up the newspaper; sure now that he no longer needed it. They each had something else to think about. But Cas’ thoughts still turned to Dean; admiring his profile and observing his unkempt hair. There had always been little time in the past to appreciate Dean in detail. But now, looking through human eyes, it was hard to imagine what used to keep him otherwise distracted. Since being on Earth, Cas had developed a fondness for humankind and found value in their unique qualities. He often sought the meaning in their actions and wanted to understand and relate to their undying determination to not only survive but also thrive.
Their eyes would meet, heavy with purpose and knowing. Dean would smile at him whenever Sam wasn’t looking. It was the same flirtatious grin Dean usually reserved for the women he met at bars and diners, the same alluring smirk that he paired with a seductive passion in his eyes. Dean had obviously perfected the look over time, and there was no mistaking it; it frequently left Castiel breathless and in a daze. Each time Dean gazed at him and gave him that tempting smile, Cas was hit with a sudden rush of ecstasy that was also tainted with shame. As much as he savoured these moments, he couldn’t help but resent them too. The worst part of it all was simply that he knew it would all lead to nowhere. It was an absolute torment to want to touch and kiss and caress someone, and then never be able to. And he suspected that the look was entirely empty. He didn’t think that there was any true lust there behind Dean’s eyes, considering how he often shied away from his touch in public spaces; their occasional embraces short with a perceptible tension in Dean’s shoulders—though his hand sometimes hesitated at the small of his back, lingering whilst the rest of him pulled away, and his fingers would grasp the material of his coat for just a few seconds before letting go.
So instead of doing as he should, Cas instead whimpered and moved weakly into Dean’s arms, near collapsing against his chest. And, like he promised himself he would never again do, he started to cry. There was no sobbing this time; his cries were silent and steady. His tears stained Dean’s shirt, immediately ruining yet another perfect thing.
“I really freaking love you,” Dean said, his voice muffled by the wind and his helmet and the roar of the motorbike. But it felt incredible just to say it. To say it and to mean it and to know deep down that Castiel felt it too.
It felt weirdly invasive to be showing up at his door like this. It was as if he had caught Castiel in the act of something truly embarrassing, though there was actually nothing odd about watching TV—even if it
“We do,” Castiel interjected, “I keep telling you, Sam, power like that isn’t safe in anyone’s hands. Let alone in the hands of the Lucifer’s son.”
Suddenly he felt the blankets being lifted and the weight of another body beside him. Dean’s arm draped easily around Castiel’s waist and his breath was warm on the back of his neck. Cas stiffened at first and he opened his eyes wide; startled.
Dean was quieter. More distant. Near completely isolated. He could barely meet Cas’ eye, and his expression remained completely impervious to the music as though he wasn’t really listening to it. Cas realised that Dean’s hair was all the more unkempt and damp after a shower, and there was a hint of pink to his cheeks that never seemed to fade. His eyes would flitter from wall to wall, from the floor to the ceiling—always avoiding looking at Castiel. If he didn’t know any better, he’d think that Dean was embarrassed. Or perhaps the word
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle—genuinely this time, with the faintest flicker of admiration gleaming in his eyes. “There you are, Cas,” Dean smiled gently, before the edges of his lips turned back into a saddened frown. He pulled the coat closer, burying his arms into the material and then nestled his chin into the collar, drawing in as much warmth as he could. Before Castiel could make sense of what Dean meant, or try to ask the hunter to clarify for him, the lights abruptly blew out, finally leaving them in total darkness just as Cas had predicted.
He was afraid of either answer. Dean neither wanted Castiel to stay or to go, and no amount of thought had lessened his confliction. Instead, he simply lost sleep and steadily drank—making more of an effort to clean up after himself to hide how much liquor he actually consumed—and tried to lose himself in cases that failed to present themselves. Nothing had truly helped.
It was so good to hear his voice. Castiel’s heart skipped at the sound and he couldn’t help but well up inside. He tried to smile at Dean, but his expression was too caught up in emotion, the mayhem of the moment keeping him so tightly wound up he could hardly think. He shakily wiped his dirty hands onto his own clothes, missing the apron on his front entirely, and tried to hide the remaining mess behind his back. Dean hesitated to enter the kitchen, moving slowly with the faintest of smiles playing at his lips. He took in the state of the room in a pointed sweep starting at the ‘
This too was a sensation he never could have possibly imagined. Never before had he been this struck by heaven. Nothing had ever felt quite so glorious or significant. Dean took his lips between his and kissed tenderly, his thumb gently grazing Castiel’s cheek as the former angel came down from his high. And then Castiel collapsed onto him, his cock sliding out with more orgasmic jolts running through him.
Castiel pressed more warm kisses to Dean’s neck and let his lips linger at his adam’s apple. How could he possibly begin to describe his feelings for Dean? Especially now when his heart was still racing a mile a minute and his head was swimming with irresistible devotion to the man he so loved?
“Heaven wasn’t perfect, Dean, not by any means… but it was still home. It was all I knew for a very long time and now it’s all gone.” Cas reached one hand up and clutched onto Dean’s sleeve.
He had to ponder the idea that maybe the women Dean so often affiliated himself with weren’t the type of people he would settle for had he the option of a genuine relationship. And if so, was that something the hunter wished to have? Did he desire something more?
,” Dean explained. His body seemed to withdraw from Cas a little. Though the shift was very slight, Cas definitely felt colder.
“So lucky,” Dean grinned, chuffed, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Such things didn’t often escape Castiel’s notice anymore. He knew each of Dean's smiles far too well and could see when it was tainted in some kind of quiet sadness. But the reasons behind it still managed to elude him.
He cleared his throat uncomfortably and pointed at the glass of water, feigning that’s what he was reaching for all along and Sam was quick to give it to him. Cas swallowed it down quickly and his stomach instantly began to churn. His throat burned and, unable to refrain himself, Castiel threw up onto himself.
“Dean. Just look at it,” Cas reached out his hand, tentatively touching his fingers to Dean’s forehead, ignoring the hunter as he instinctively flinched. “Really look at it.”
Occasionally he could still hear angel radio, but the voices had begun to fade more and more as the angels omitted him. And the longer he was human, the harder it was to listen in. It was like trying to tune a radio when there weren’t any available stations. A lot of the time he heard nothing at all. It became impossible to know where the angels were or what they were doing, and this allowed his imagination to run rampant. Worse, however, was that he realised that whatever presumptions he had made could very well be underestimations. In truth, the chaos out there could be far worse than he had ever pictured. Cas had been on Earth for a number of years and he still felt alienated. Humanity was confusing and complicated and incredibly intricate. Worst of all, humanity could be fragile. The angels could be heavy-handed and dismissive, caring only about their own cause. They had a tendency to look down upon humans as being lesser creatures, and so they were likely to allow people to become trapped in the crossfire or to even use them to their own advantage. Without God’s rule—or anyone’s leadership for that matter—the angels could be at war.
Cas trailed his hand down and touched Dean’s inner thigh, making his breath hitch, so he traced upwards to Dean’s crotch, palming him gently through his boxers. Dean was already hard, the material of his boxers tented, and he thrust up into Castiel’s hand. He slipped Dean’s cock free from the material and stroked along the length of it carefully and the hunter moaned against his lips.
?” Cas groaned and turned his back to Dean. He tugged aggressively at the blanket and buried his head beneath it, but the thin layer did nothing to muffle the drone of Dean’s cassette tape. He knew without needing to look at the time that it was far earlier than he would have liked. It was shocking in itself to see Dean awake before him, but the surprise quickly wore off, leaving him exasperated.
“He doesn’t like being called Cas. He finds it insulting,” Dean explained. His heart sunk as he remembered the venom in Castiel’s voice when he corrected him only hours earlier. Dean had instinctually taken to calling Castiel Cas almost from the very beginning, and had used the nickname fondly ever since. Until now. Now the word was something blasphemous. Like he were cursing him with a word far more vulgar. And this somehow left its mark on Cas—his Cas—and it wasn’t a mark that could be wiped clean.
“You coming in or what?” Dean asked and edged cautiously into the water. His shoulders tensed and he crossed his arms over his chest.
Cas knew that were it Dean in his place, he’d still love him despite that and more. There was no obstruction too great and no burden too heavy that could rob him of the sensations he felt right now in this moment.
Now that Earth was free of the leviathans, Sam wouldn’t be in any immediate danger, and sure, he could look after himself. But Dean couldn’t help but wonder:
Sam shifted in his chair, most likely kicking Dean’s foot under the table. Cas propped his elbow on the table and pressed his cheek against his open palm. It seemed that no matter whether he lied or told the truth, he would always disappoint them. He wished to do better. To be better. But he didn't know how. He couldn't think where to begin. Despite this, he was determined to try.
He opened the packet using one hand and his teeth, his other hand still holding the magazine as his eyes scanned over the article. While this Lady Gaga woman was certainly baffling, the article itself had nothing interesting to offer, and while it described her outfit in great detail, it failed to explain
Dean swore there were eyes always watching him; not with a healthy curiosity but rather with ravenous, hostile intent. They would glow in the dark, blinking purposely and moving silently from one place to the next. They circled him constantly, biding their time, playing with their food before eating it. Whether they were vampires, werewolves, leviathans, or some other nasty creation, it simply didn’t matter. They were all out for Dean’s head and he knew that he was trapped there like Ripley on the ship in
He heard Dean come out of the bathroom and then the flick of the light switch followed by the hunter settling into his own bed. After that, there was silence. It was dense and eerie and Cas curled up into a tighter ball, his hands gripping the blanket anxiously as he tried hopelessly to push his depression aside. He hadn’t mentioned his unrest to Sam or Dean, having decided not to burden them with his problems since they had already given him a roof over his head, food to eat, and their clothes to wear, which was more than he even deserved.
“Cas…” Dean whispered. The hunter stepped into the room and easily took Castiel into his arms, holding him protectively to his chest and rubbing his back as he cried.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand in his, feeling the hunter’s warm skin against his own and he playfully pulled at his sleeve, “I’m glad you liked it, Dean.”
Cas nudged Dean’s shoulder with his own and smiled sheepishly, “the road less travelled by making all the difference?”
Dean winced as Castiel’s grip tightened on his throat and his fingers dug into his windpipe. Already he could feel his face growing hot, though surely it would very quickly turn cold as the life was squeezed out of him. Dean tugged at Castiel’s sleeve, and he thought how the material of this coat was once the greatest comfort, but now it was tainted by the shell of the person wearing it. Sam quickly took advantage of Castiel’s inattentiveness and locked a singular Enochian handcuff around one of his wrists. Cas thrust his elbow back into Sam, throwing the younger Winchester toward the Impala. It was distraction enough for Dean to kick against Castiel’s knee, forcing him to buckle. Dean barely just slipped from Castiel’s grasp, and he fell in a heap in the dirt, gasping for air, but his throat still felt constricted and ached from the effort.
Dean kissed between Cas’ shoulder-blades and took to smoothing his hands up and down the length of Castiel’s sides, caressing his muscles and ribs. Cas instinctively leaned into the touch, almost wishing it was capable of healing the way his own touch used to be. He closed his eyes, sensing the oncoming, inescapable dread.
“What difference does it make? We break everything we touch, Sam. Even without trying,” Dean reminded him, his voice cold and distant.
Cas believed Dean wasn’t fairing any better. His usual hearty appetite had faded into picked at meals; he had turned away from beer in favour for much harder liquor, having come to bed twice already with the odour of booze strong on his breath and a definite intoxicated sway to his steps. Cas had found him one night hunched over the toilet, heaving not from alcohol or something he ate, but rather from a horrid dream of his own. Dean had managed to describe it in a few hushed words, surely downplaying the true disconcerting details and keeping the worst of it to himself. But it had been enough to make Cas physically tremble. When they went back to bed after, they held each other tighter than they ever had before.
“Well brace yourself because it’s a good one.” Cas could hear the smile in Dean’s voice. “Now, my high school experience was short lived, really on and off over the years. Life on the road will do that to you. But there was one week at a school in Nebraska that’ll be all the high school experience I’ll ever need. There was this guy in my history class—massive douchebag, he made Biff Tannen look like a sweetheart.”
He hadn’t been able to help but glance at Cas in his rear view mirror, watching as the angel sat quietly with his hands clasped together on his knees. Cas was only this quiet when he thought nobody would notice, and for once Dean saw just how lost he really looked. Cas had stared at his hands, eventually wringing them together in what Dean assumed was misery, but still, Dean didn’t ask questions.
“You can take the bed if you want. I have no use for it,” Castiel offered and stood up, gesturing hopelessly to the newly vacated space.
Castiel blinked in surprise and looked to Dean with a mystified raise of his brow, and Dean smiled back at him with a sly coolness that suggested a peculiar ease. Dean was comfortable with this new arrangement that had been thrust upon them by circumstance, and Cas was absolutely baffled by it. Until now, Dean had set the boundaries and moved into Cas’ personal space as he pleased; knowing the invitation was always open to him.
When he emerged from the bathroom, showered, dressed and his teeth brushed, he smiled fondly as he saw Dean trying to toss the magazine back into place before Cas could see him; moving too slowly to get away with it. The hunter ran a hand through his hair, casting his eyes away in fake disinterest, but he must have known that he had been caught red handed.
When the thing that stole the light of his world did it for the sake of banishing him to the dark… that was when he grew truly afraid.
Dean got into the Impala and drove out onto the open road, without any specific destination in mind. He spent so much of his time driving, going from one case to another. Sometimes it was weeks before he came home to the bunker again. Yet somehow, Dean wasn’t yet sick of driving. He often hated the lack of company, driving with the seat empty beside him. But he couldn’t deny the soothing feel of wind against his skin and the ease of old rock music in his ears. Dean took whatever he could get without the shame of asking for it. He could admit what he felt and take comfort in Cas’ arms… or he could drive.
Castiel’s portal? Despite all his aversions to the angel and the numerous ways he had tried to evade him, Dean thought that maybe he truly wasn’t ready to see him go. Dean didn’t feel ready to say goodbye.
“Right there… And…and,” Dean said breathily, trying hard to focus and explain, “And earlier, on the road. I feel like I’m seeing him.” He shook his head weakly, feeling worse as he admitted the truth.
Castiel finally took Dean’s erection into his hand and slowly caressed the length of it, starting from the base and working up to the head before going back down again. He purposely took his time and watched Dean writhe beneath him as he so desperately wanted more.
Castiel’s eyes briefly drifted up and down the length of Dean’s body, observing the unkempt state of his hair and the two-day-old stubble on his chin. He peered curiously at the loose-fitting tee—the healing wound Cas had patched up peeking out on Dean’s exposed collarbone—and further down to the boxers that had somehow ridden up further Dean’s thighs to look almost like briefs. Then, looking back up, Cas met Dean’s alluring green eyes.
“Jesus, whatever happened to steady hands? I’m not a piece of meat, Cas, I can feel that,” Dean withdrew from his touch; suddenly on guard.
Dean knew that Cas would want to make his death mean something. He knew Cas would live on in his name. And that was almost comfort enough.
There was a lot to be said of Dean’s soul, and, gazing at him now, a lot to be said of his body too. Castiel had pieced him back together when saving Dean’s soul from Hell and there had been intricacies involved beyond that of using his powers to restore him. He knew this body well. But now there had come to light a way in which this body now stunned him: he now saw intricacies he never knew existed, or had, in his angelic blindness, never properly observed before. It was the subtle hint of stubble on his jawline, the faintest flecks of soft gold in the green of his eyes, his gentle lopsided smiles when he thought no one was looking, and the pale freckles dusting his nose and cheekbones.
That was until Dean’s were walking away. His bricks were fully withdrawn, and Castiel had none left to rebuild with.
“You take that back,” Dean said, casting a glare at his younger brother’s back, knowing he couldn’t see it.
Castiel glanced up, his face guilty at having been caught rummaging through Dean’s things without first asking permission. All earlier reasoning about shared clothing and not much else had slipped his mind as if the thought had never come into consideration before opening the bag. He realised how awfully evident it seemed like he had stuck his nose where he shouldn’t have, and now worried he had breached some kind of undefined boundary.
alongside them. At the time, it seemed only right to etch Cas’ legacy permanently with theirs. After all, they owed him their lives. The world could never have been saved without Cas—Dean would never have found the strength. He would have been a burden on his brother. The let-down. The one to be defeated purely by the raw terror of it all.
He focused his gaze as best he could and very barely made out the glowing edges of the portal as they sealed shut and vanished into nothingness. And then Castiel’s warm hand caressed Dean’s cheek, his thumb brushing along his cheekbone gently.
When the silence became suffocating, Sam gestured to Cas and then wiped his hands clean of him. “That’s the last of the stitches. Things might still feel off for a while, but it’ll get easier with time.”
Tabbris picked up the bucket and emptied the tinted pink remains onto Castiel, drenching him in the same water that had almost killed him. He was bathed in it. The threat and promise of relief taken away and wasting away on his skin and clothes. Looking forlornly at Sophia and her flat eyes, Castiel wondered, despite everything, whether he deserved to die in her place. She had only tried to rescue him from his suffering. And, he was sure, she would have passed his last words onto Dean, ensuring the weight of each one carried and filled the voids in his broken heart. She would have done that for him. But he had failed her; failed her just as he had failed all of them and the Winchesters too.
Sam stepped around the car and stood beside Dean who was now leaning against the hood. Together they watched the angel as he turned his face to the sky and allowed the sun to kiss his skin. The wind gently swept through his hair and blew the fabric of his trench coat around his legs—much the same way it had done to Cas in that old photograph Dean found in his Bible. Dean imagined Castiel opening his arms to the world, were it not for the cuffs keeping his hands in place. He was finally getting the chance to appreciate everything he had lost back home. All that he had never been granted even before the war, with all of Heaven firm in its inhuman resolve.
It was what Castiel had said in Purgatory when he was really trying to say goodbye without having to utter the words. Because goodbye wasn’t for them. All this time, they always found a way back to one another, and though they knew it was different this time, neither of them dared say it was the end.
Castiel’s eyes flitted down the aisle and locked with Dean’s, the depths of blue desperate for a way out of a conversation he didn’t know how to partake in and had no interest to continue. Castiel glanced back and forth between them, much to the woman’s ignorance as she never paused for breath. But, Dean saw and he understood. Squaring his shoulders, Dean walked up to them with a definite determination in his step. Only when he was tucked right into Castiel’s side did she stop and contemplate the situation, blinking with confusion and what appeared to be frustration at the rude interruption.
“Dean? The motel is back that way,” Cas said, breaking the silence finally and he sat upright in his chair to gesture back the way they had come.
“War room then. Grab us some beers, would you?” Dean called, already heading back the way he had come. As Cas pulled three beers from the fridge, he could hear the distant shout of Dean looking for Sam.
A nurse stepped into the room and was shortly followed by Sam. And just like that the conversation ended before it could even truly begin. Dean’s mind was rattling with suspense and a rightful sense of foreboding that perhaps the worst was yet to come. Castiel’s comforting gaze and apologetic eyes couldn’t communicate as effectively as he hoped they could—either Dean didn’t see them or he thought they were the cruellest lie. The hard truth had to wait. And Cas could tell that Dean was hoping that it would never come.
Sam nodded and peered down at himself—he could hardly believe it. Everything had happened so fast that there hadn’t really been time to retain the memory in its entirety. Dean was sure that Sam had holes his recollections the same way he did.
Now he had to resort to a commercial of a woman in a bikini sitting on the beach eating a burger. The camera slowly panned in on her and focused on the sauce dripping from the burger onto her hand, the focus trailing from her mouth to her breasts with the actual burger barely in frame.
There was something about Dean that always left him longing even though Dean was already there beside him, and Cas could never explain it.
But then, without knowing it, the word started to become something more to him. There came to him a faint fluttering in his chest that he couldn’t explain, and an invisible tether that kept pulling him back to Dean. Sometimes when he looked at Dean he felt something so utterly indescribable, but so very divine. And slowly, Cas couldn’t help but to start applying words to the sensation, and strangely he found that they always fit.
“Wanna join me?” Dean stopped in the doorway and turned to look at him. Even exhausted and bleary-eyed, Cas couldn’t ignore the glorious splendour of Dean Winchester standing naked before him.
Sam shook his head minutely and flashed Dean a warning look, silently ordering him to keep his mouth shut and to keep his numerous complaints to himself until the angel was out of earshot. But with him now upstairs in the residential part of the bunker—a mere few rooms away from Dean’s—perhaps the opportunity would never actually present itself.
"Look, it's just that you weren't exactly looking after yourself. So don't you think lecturing me is a bit hypocritical?”
“No. No, not concerned. But I dunno, I feel like you’ll be concerned anyway,” Dean fumbled and failed to capture the words the way he intended. Which immediately sparked Castiel’s concern.
It was always difficult to talk about Cas. Before, with heavy liquor lining his stomach and blurring his senses, it was hard but somewhat manageable. Even if he awoke hungover and mournful for some time, he was able to get past it, his mind hazy and unable to truly retain the words that had hurt him. Now, Dean didn’t want to hear the words that a completely sober mind couldn’t expel.
It was the same as never having existed in the first place. Everything he had done and endured would have been for nothing.
He set his phone aside and clambered out of bed, his bare feet touching the cold tiles for what felt like the first time in forever. Without allowing himself much time for thought, he gathered up his sheets and blankets, stripped the pillows, and carried the dirty bundle to the laundry. He wasn’t much good with laundry. He’d accidentally dyed multiple pairs of Dean’s underwear a baby pink, not realising he was supposed to separate the colours from the whites. A few days later he’d seen a flash of Dean’s pink waistband as he bent down to retrieve something, and, had he not still felt guilty for the mistake, he would have laughed. Right now, he actually blushed to think that Dean likely still owned and wore them. Cas grinned, thinking how nicely they must pair in the dresser with Dean’s cheetah print boxers. Cas liked to think he had accidentally made an improvement on Dean’s usual layers of denim and flannel, even if they were obscured by the said layers.
The tension eased from Cas’ shoulders, his muscles loosening when freed from Dean’s scrutiny. The hunter didn’t seem to know anything like Cas had previously feared. In fact, Dean seemed absolutely clueless—completely unaware of what had transpired in the privacy of his bedroom.
Wordlessly, Castiel stepped out of his room. He trailed behind Sam down the hall, trying to pat down his wayward greasy hair the best he could and straighten out his clothes. Cas looked a right mess, and he knew it too. The obvious solution was to shower, but the notion had become far too complicated to be acted upon. There was little that could be done now anyhow. Sam had already seen what had become of him and his judgements were surely set. Cas fought every urge he had to apologise and bit his tongue hard.
“Sam’s right,” Castiel assured him, “I’m alive. I’m breathing. I’m in the bunker. What is there to worry about?”
“You aren’t wrong,” Cas agreed. His posture tensed and he fell suspiciously quiet as he looked searchingly at the floor, and he could feel Dean’s eyes boring into him with sparked curiosity. Slowly, Cas brushed his fingers against Dean’s naked thigh and he glanced nervously up to witness his reaction.
Castiel frowned at him and sat upright, lifting his cheek from his fist. Dean sat opposite Sam and avoided Castiel’s gaze, knowing he wanted to ask questions and offer comfort of some kind—to whatever extent he could without fully understanding the situation or the despair that was eating Dean up inside.
“Why do I have an awful feeling that it’s before 10?” Castiel’s voice came out muffled, but somehow Dean could make sense of the almost unintelligible muttering.
But it would. The truth always demanded a pedestal from which to scream, and Dean was going to hear it loud and clear. Cas only hoped Dean could still love him after the words left their ears ringing and their hearts heavy with grief.
“You weren’t thinking. I didn’t want you to go but you weren’t thinking and you left,” Dean ground out, his voice hitching slightly at the end. He ran his hand roughly over his face and through his damp hair.
“When would I have had occasion?” Cas pointed out. He could just barely see the lake through the line of trees.
“Go to the next hotel, curl up in bed to watch television and eat some junk food,” Cas told him. He picked up the blanket that had been left abandoned from all those nights ago when Dean had covered him with it after their drunken encounter. “But first, I am too cold to even think.”
“Why would I do that?” Cas felt more lost than ever, and, like he so often did, felt as though he was failing to understand a very simple concept. It was a feeling that continued to alienate him from the Winchesters—from all of humankind for that matter. Honestly, he sometimes felt completely dim and useless.
Most interestingly was the dungeon—frantically feeling one another in the pitch black room, their bare knees scuffing against the cement floor. And Cas had ground into Dean with everything he had, taking him the way he always wanted to. And there, finally, Cas got to bring out the handcuffs, just as he had often daydreamed.
Unexpectedly, Castiel picked up a cloth and automatically started drying them, though his expression suggested confusion at the process. It seemed he was merely mirroring whatever he had seen Sam and Dean do, though Dean never realised just how closely the angel was watching. He didn’t think what the angel could have possibly observed from the mundanity of their day to day lives.
Castiel had to disagree. That was entirely his obligation—a duty he served himself and intended to see through. Were the Winchesters to die, Castiel could never forgive himself. He swore to himself that he would sooner die than watch Sam and Dean perish. Which made leaving them so imperative. But that didn’t make it any easier.
And then Dean parted his legs without hesitation, guiding Castiel more into a position where the head of his cock prodded the rim of his asshole. That alone had Castiel reeling and he breathed out a shocked “oh,” at the sensation and at the implication of where they were heading.
So... it's been a long time since I last updated. I don't really have a decent excuse other than: life is hard. I intend to keep going until I finish this but I'm also writing non-fanfiction content so I won't promise fast updates. But I am so thankful for your patience and I hope you enjoy this chapter. :)
Castiel sighed but quieted and listened to the melodic music. Had he heard it in passing and had to venture a guess as to whose music it was, Dean would never have been his first guess. He’d already grown accustomed to Dean’s usual classic rock, which, as Cas recalled, was usually loud and fast-paced. Not that Cas was arguing. This music was far better suited for him and it helped ease him more into the subpar comfort of his warm bed. This was music he could fall asleep to. He hummed quietly and nuzzled his nose into the blanket.
Dean gestured for Cas to come closer. Cas obliged, shuffling toward Dean so his arm was wrapped around him rather than draped. Dean slipped one of his legs between Castiel’s—tying them to one another.
“Well, what do you normally watch?” Cas asked curiously, making an effort now to talk so he wasn’t so conscious of Dean being so close to him. “Aside from porn of course.” His cheeks flushed again.
He held Castiel’s hands and entwined their fingers together. Cas leaned in closer to him and rested his head upon Dean’s shoulder, all just to secretly divert his gaze. And he stared guiltily at the wall beyond him as he said,
Dean was everything Cas believed he wasn’t. Dean was the righteous man whose mistakes were never due to a misguided sense of self-worth. Where Castiel had learned how to love, Dean had always felt it, and perhaps that was truly where their differences began. And that’s what made Dean so worthy of forgiveness while Cas could never justly earn it.
“Cas, we’ve been over this. You’re a terrible liar,” Dean sighed, chugging a large portion of his beer. Cas recognised Dean’s grip of the bottle tightening and the dark shadow of concern that had swept over his eyes.
He could still hear Dean down the hall, his heavy footsteps coming and going as he moved, his heavy efforts to do whatever it was he was doing, the heavy repercussions for touching whatever it was he was touching. Everything was heavy with Dean unless he made the effort otherwise.
He wasn’t so naïve as to think that this was anything lesser than it was. This wasn’t something to be taken lightly, not for himself or for Dean, and he found himself suddenly and inexplicably struck by a wave of nerves and hesitation. Hesitation not because he didn’t want to, but because he did, and he did not want to do it wrong. He understood that this somehow went beyond what they had done already—and in more ways than just the physical. And the fact that Dean was there, opening himself up to Castiel with trust and devotion, had Cas pausing in his actions.
“Thinking bout me, I hope,” Dean laughed with an obvious wink, trying yet again to make Castiel blush.
Deep down though, Cas knew that the door to the bunker would forever be open to him. Though he didn’t deserve it. He was trying hard to force himself to forget that there would always be a home waiting for him.
Dean had burst through the door with his hair soaking and clothes dripping, wet from the storm outside that had caught up to him not long before he had pulled up outside the cabin. And Cas had stood, shocked, staring wordlessly at the state of him—his shirt clinging to his chest, his expression cutting and terrifying, but somehow oddly alluring too.
“Lost in thought,” Cas murmured distractedly and set his bag down. He pulled awkwardly at his shirt that was now clinging to his still slightly damp torso.
He slid his thumb through the slit of Dean’s cock before stroking back down to the base, all the while angling him towards the bed. Dean easily allowed Castiel to guide him and lowered himself onto the mattress without pause. He was sitting exactly where Cas had pleasured himself a few hours before. Just thinking about it made Castiel’s cock twinge, and he growled quietly, cursing Dean’s name under his breath.
“Why do you always have to be so stubborn?” Castiel sighed and knelt down, carefully draping the coat over Dean as best as he could.
There was something troubled in Dean’s expression. He looked at Castiel as if the former angel could very well disappear at any moment. That maybe he wasn’t even truly there to begin with. Dean looked at Castiel as if he were something fleeting and unattainable. As if Cas was an idea rather than a reality. And Castiel couldn’t get past that glimpse of pain he saw in Dean’s piercing gaze and he had to wonder what it meant.
Dean was clearly exhausted when he stumbled into Castiel’s room the following morning. Cas could actually smell the faint scent of beer emanating off of Dean. He realised the hunter must have been drinking into the night, but he couldn’t estimate for how long or how many bottles he had consumed. At the very least, Dean seemed mostly capable of walking what was almost a straight line, and he was clearly aware as to why he was there. It seemed like a premeditated decision rather than one made on a drunken whim. Cas sat up in bed and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He could feel his hair almost standing on end, probably having tossed back and forth throughout the night; he remembered doing so long before he fell into the clutches of sleep. Yesterday he had gotten far too close to acting upon his desires, and he knew what kind of consequences would have followed had he done so. He couldn’t dare risk making such a mistake—another mistake of a different calibre. Only when he felt he had decently reprimanded himself did he close his eyes and sleep.
“And if leviathan want to take a shot at us, let them. We ganked those bitches once before, we can do it again.”
After that Benny never brought it up again, but it was clear that his patience was wearing thinner the further they went. To him each step felt like movement in the wrong direction, and every interrogation, he knew, was tedious. But he never complained. Not because of Dean’s threat, but rather because he could see the utter desperation in the hunter’s eyes, though Dean often tried to hide it.
Dean was sometimes the person that came home after all hours, falling over his own feet as he collapsed fully dressed atop his bed. And when he was this person—this person he had never wanted to be—he woke up to find the blanket tucked over his shoulder, and his socks tucked neatly in his shoes at the foot of his bed. He would watch Sam as he got up in the morning and sleepily poured them both a cup of coffee, his eyes heavy-lidded and ringed with dark circles like he hadn’t slept all night.
Castiel nodded solemnly and continued to push the cart into the next aisle. He wrinkled his nose at the contents of tins and jars that he didn’t know or understand and likely distrusted the names of. Dean grabbed what they needed, sighing and rolling his eyes at some of Sam’s specific health-conscious requests. Castiel paused suddenly, picked up a jar and turned it around in his hands. Dean continued down the aisle, leaving him behind for just a moment, before looking back only to see Castiel opening the jar, putting his hand in, and eating something.
Dean tangled his fingers into Castiel’s hair, ensuring they were tied together in every way imaginable. Cas took Dean’s hands, entwining their fingers together. As Cas laid back, gazing longingly up at Dean, he felt the comfort of home at his back. The bunker finally felt like home, just as he was intending to leave it.
Dean hadn’t switched the heating on in the Impala despite the icy air that was surely tickling both of them through the jumpers; leaving them with goose bumps up their arms and legs. Cas had his legs crossed on the seat after taking his shoes off without having to be asked by Dean, knowing he would be concerned about the leather. He stared at his hands clasped in his lap, wringing his thumbs together slowly while he was lost within himself.
But Dean wasn’t there now. All the lights were switched off, casting the kitchen into ominous shadow. It made Castiel think of desolation. It looked lonely in there, he decided—like no one had ever been there before. He shivered and quickly turned away, never stepping a foot inside the open doorway. On the way back towards his bedroom he diverted and went into the bathroom again, retrieving his towel from the rack and hanging it over the shower door. It seemed pointless to go back to bed only to lie awake, anxious and fretting over everything that was completely out of his control. He tried to focus his attention on the shower, taking care to lather himself with soap and shampoo his hair. As he washed his face, his hands brushed through what was quickly becoming a full beard, and he decided to shave it. By now he knew how—it hadn’t been all that difficult, considering—but he hadn’t made much of a habit out of doing it. It was the one chore he usually left undone until eventually he saw himself in the mirror and became struck by the dishevelled state of his reflection. He knew Sam and Dean saw it too: the mess that he was. Not that they ever said anything aloud to him, though they probably shared a few words with each other whenever he was out of earshot. Cas wrapped his towel around his waist after drying his hair and coated his chin in foam, selecting a clean razor to use. It hadn’t escaped his notice that Dean’s solitary razor had suddenly gotten a companion; the two razors, almost identical, sitting vertically side by side on the counter—an unspoken suggestion that Cas ought to shave.
because the desires dissipated the instant Cas tried to picture someone else in Dean’s place. Were it a stranger at his side, their fingers gracing the skin of his back, their music playing on the stereo, and their scent left on that second pillow, it would feel as though there was nobody there at all. Cas could be enveloped in another’s arms and still feel desolate because it was Dean whom he wanted to be held by.
Dean slowly turned and took the book from him, tracing its spine carefully before allowing Castiel to open it to the correct page.
There was no hope for Sam and Dean to reconcile now. Dean knew he would find it hard to forgive him when they inevitably returned Castiel to his own world, abandoning the angel in the apocalypse to suffer in the ruins of Earth and eventually die at the hands of a demon. Dean didn’t want to picture it, but he couldn’t force the thought from his mind. It came to him in his sleep or on drives like these. Times when it was quiet and he was faced with the prospect that these nightmares could become a reality.
“Dunno, I just felt like it.” The bed creaked as Dean also tried to find a comfortable position, readjusting the pillow at his back. “I was listening to some music and figured I should share it.”
“Look, Cas, we can still make this work. I was bugging you… coming into your room all the time. I can give you your space, alright?” Dean said, still trying to reason with him.
Dean nodded briefly and sat down, casting his eyes momentarily away to regather his thoughts. He saw no reason to lie. What use would it be to withhold the truth from him? To shake his head and pretend that the past was the thing of a horrific nightmare? That it was impermanent and rewritable, and that all those desperate prayers had never passed his lips?
“That’s unlikely. But thank you.” Castiel smiled sadly. He folded the map and tucked it into his coat pocket before taking his leave.
Castiel stood awkwardly inside his room with his feet very barely outside his door. He watched them curiously, but his expression turned fearful once he realised he had been spotted. He shuffled back slightly and pushed his hands deep into his coat pockets, fumbling with the material in his efforts to mask his true concern.
Dean stood again and walked forward with a newfound strength. He stepped right over the ring of holy oil, his demeanour firm in its resolve, and Castiel actually retreated. The angel stepped backward, near stumbling over his own feet, and Dean towered over him—standing straighter with his broad shoulders pushed back, whilst Castiel shrunk in on himself with his shoulders slumping forward.
“Don’t do this, Dean,” Sam pleaded, “I understand you miss Cas… and I know you loved him. Believe me, I know. But you
Castiel was so often rigid and calculating, but only in the most captivating and easy of ways. On anyone else, those features would come off as cold and unsociable, but on Castiel, they fit the way only perfection would. Because it wasn’t something he wore. It wasn’t something Castiel chose in place of an inviting smile and an open eye. He didn’t fake it. Castiel was only ever his own pure self… but Dean had thought he was the only one to see it.
“Hey, I’m not judging. It’s what I would do,” Dean said and raised his hands in a display of self-defence.
Sam’s advice was solid, but it was easier in theory than it was in practice, and for the remainder of the night, Dean lied awake, restless, still dreaming of his angel coming home.
“Allow me,” Cas said with an easy smile. He reached around Dean and carefully untied the apron, allowing his hands to grace the skin of Dean’s back once he was done. He peered up through his eyelashes at the hunter and realised Dean was watching him, his eyes intense and focused. Cas moved and lifted the top of the apron over Dean’s head, gathered the material into his arms, and half-heartedly folded it.
“Humanity isn’t without its perks, Dean. There’s much to consider—even hypothetically,” Cas responded carefully. The words felt like lies on his tongue because Dean had this air about him that so often made Cas vulnerable to telling the truth—but now there was something in his watchful eyes that made honesty feel dangerous. He tried to sidestep the whole truth to how humanity settled uncomfortably in his chest.  Instead of admitting how mortality felt burdensome and cruel to him, or how the stolen grace had left him in the void, he sought out whatever words he thought Dean needed to hear.
“The Winchesters. Always the Winchesters,” the angel scoffed, “also obvious. I should never have asked… but I wanted to make sure you’d cooperate. And I wanted to have a little fun.”
“Well, while we’re sharing secrets…” Dean moved into him. “I love that you’re making me pie. I don’t mean to get all soppy about it and I’m not about to break into song or anything… but it’s probably the nicest thing anyone’s ever done for me.”
In the dark, the world suddenly seemed ominous. And Dean got the distinct feeling of being trapped with a wild animal.
In a way, Dean almost envied him. Sometimes he had to try so much harder to get the same level of interest.
“You don’t have to eat it, Dean. In fact, I’d advise that you don’t,” Cas said with some urgency and tried to remove the pot from the stove. He had to throw it in the trash before it made Dean sick or Cas die of embarrassment. He thought it was all too possible for the two scenarios to exist simultaneously. Being dead would make it especially hard for Cas to live it down. The memory would haunt him from the grave.
And from Dean’s comment on lending him the nude magazine, he realised that maybe he hadn’t been as subtle as he had thought. It sounded as if Dean knew what Castiel was sometimes doing behind closed doors, which now embarrassed him. He was worried that perhaps if Dean knew that he had been pleasuring himself, then maybe he also knew what, or rather who, Castiel thought about whilst doing it.
As Dean pushed his hair back, Castiel couldn’t help but be distracted. His heart was still racing, reminding him he was afraid and guilty and ashamed, but there still came a pang of lust for the hunter. And though he knew now was not the time, he took a brief moment to regard Dean as he stood before him. Suddenly Castiel could hardly remember what daft idea had driven him to leave in the first place.
Dean was gone when Cas woke up. Sitting up, Dean’s blanket fell away from him, leaving him bare—though he certainly didn’t recall falling asleep with it atop him in the first place. He rubbed his eyes and forced back a yawn as he stood, flinching when his feet touched the cold tiles.
Castiel ground his hips against Dean’s and moaned into his mouth and then lightly tugged the hunter’s bottom lip between his teeth. He wanted every part of Dean and was now hopelessly overwhelmed at having him. This was really Dean beneath him as he moved and straddled his thighs, and it was really Dean leaning up to kiss him after they took a moment to part and breathe.
Dean deepened the kiss, pulling Cas in closer all the while with his fingers knotting into his hair. Castiel moaned—the sound like a soft, vulnerable quiver—and repeated, “All of me,” this time with absolute conviction. He wanted Dean to feel every inch of him; to possess it and claim every part with his lips. And he wanted to take Dean; to hold and caress him entirely, and to mark his skin with his teeth. Cas stood upright and placed his palm on Dean’s chest, pushing him flat on the bed before straddling his hips. His belt hung open around his jeans and Dean hooked one finger through the buckle and pulled it loose—tossing it away with the abandoned shirt.
Castiel’s eyes flickered down to Dean’s lips and he leant in that little bit closer but made no other approach. He wasn’t prepared to try kissing Dean without first knowing that the hunter wanted him to. It seemed that they had reached a point where Dean was once again comfortable being around him and Cas didn’t want to jeopardise that. But hope still lingered in Cas that maybe one day, in the distant future, they could be something more.
“Roll that up will you?” Dean requested, tugging the collar of his coat up over the skin of his neck.
Ducking into an alleyway, Castiel knelt behind some dumpsters, hopefully concealing himself from any watchful eyes. He heard no footsteps after his halted, and so he remained there and allowed himself to breathe slower and deeper. He had to concentrate if he hoped to make contact with the angel. It hadn’t gotten any easier since that first day, and he suspected it hadn’t since he left the bunker. He was already drained, but he had to ready himself to be drained even more. He knew the consequences, but also that the needs outweighed them. Cas had to suffer the pain if he ever wished to help his brothers and sisters. It certainly seemed a fair punishment for what he had done. He didn’t deserve for it to come easily to him.
Cas didn’t have to ask why Dean hadn’t taken Sam with him. They were both all too aware of the answer. It bristled between them and bit like ice down their backs. Reminders of Castiel’s abandonment didn’t sit so well mostly because neither of them had ever forgotten it in the first place. The details weren’t about to fade from them any time soon.
“Roleplay?” Cas tilted his head slightly to the side and furrowed his brow; confused. He was sure he had heard about the concept of roleplay before but couldn’t understand it in this context. But now Dean had sparked his curiosity and he longed to know more.
The realisation dawned on him and his steps slowed with growing dread. It had been so long. Too long. And he had done nothing to rectify his actions—he still had no idea where to begin… if it were even possible. He knew there was little he could do if there was actually anything at all, but he hadn’t even tried. Instead, he had shut himself off from the reality of what he had done, using Sam and Dean’s prohibition on media as an excuse to hide. In truth, there had been so much time between Sam and Dean’s departure to Dean’s return, and Cas had taken so little advantage of it.
“Hmm.” Dean knew it was so much more than that. That was an answer he’d already tried on and decided didn’t quite fit right.
He wanted to kiss Castiel, but, with his hand having already reached out slightly, Dean retreated. His hand hesitated, and then withdraw, his heart heavy and burdened and lost because he couldn’t kiss him the way he wanted. If he did, there was no way Cas would let him go. The angel would find a way to die at his side. And Dean would not let that happen.
Dean’s spirited smile collapsed. Castiel’s eyes dipped in order not to see it and mourn. He tried to refocus on the gesture he was trying to make with this ridiculous pie endeavour, and he drifted solemnly to the sink to wash the grease from his hand. There was a distinct clink of glass landing in the trash behind him as Dean presumably chugged his beer and discarded the bottle. When Cas turned back, Dean was retrieving another bottle from the fridge, leaving Castiel’s untouched on the counter—the offer had not been rescinded. Desperate now to be rid of the lump in his throat, Cas reconsidered and accepted the drink. And he realised, with some surprise, that there was no physical basis to this painful lump at all; the beer went down without obstruction. It consoled him—being reminded he was not in fact drowning. He paused briefly for a few deep, savoured breaths and then drank again.
Sometimes, it didn’t even occur to Cas how broken Dean must feel whenever he failed to touch or kiss him.
Castiel wandered around the room, his attention drawn to the numerous books on the shelves and the various historic artefacts and weapons the Men of Letters had hoarded over the years. Dean quickly grew fed up with reading and peered up from the page to watch the angel instead. Castiel had to reach up with both arms just to trace the spines of some books with his finger, the cuffs pulling whenever he had to reach too high. But at least he seemed genuinely interested, even if he didn’t pull any particular book out to actually read just yet. He probably wrongly believed he wasn’t allowed. But giving verbal permission would divulge that Dean was watching him, and he wasn’t willing to admit to that.
Cas idly stirred his tepid bowl of half-eaten oatmeal, having already lost all interest in finishing it. It was already beginning to solidify into an unappetising ball of mush that he would much rather flush down the sink than consume. He set his spoon down in the bowl to turn the page of his book and traced the lines a few sentences in as if to remind himself where he was up to. It was so easy to lose focus. He had previously failed to notice just how distracting Dean could be, but now he had become impossible to ignore. Cas couldn’t overlook the heavy-handed way Dean conducted even the most basic of tasks: pushing, pulling, lifting, and dropping things roughly and loudly.
Sam was speechless. He stood at the top of the stairs and stared down in horror at what he had just witnessed. When Dean finally met his eyes, something in Sam’s expression turned pitiful, like he had always known that Dean was this weak and broken thing. Dean couldn’t stand to have his brother look at him that way. His jaw tensed and he brusquely grabbed another beer and opened it, drinking quickly and consuming a quarter of the bottle in one go.
Eventually the waiting grew to be too much, and Dean’s uncertainty on what he should say shifted into what he knew was probably very misdirected rage. He didn’t know how to say sorry or how to explain himself because he really hadn’t done anything wrong. If he had, then he’d be able to move on with the knowledge (no matter how awful) that it was his fault. At least then he’d have a reason why. But this? No, this was on Castiel.
The pink in his cheeks flushed bright red when they finally parted. Castiel smiled easily; pleased and entirely unperturbed by the quick onset of passion. He took pleasure in taking the intimate moments wherever he could get them. He was fascinated to explore Dean and all new sensations whenever he could.
He wanted it to stop. He wanted everything to end and take him along with it. That spark? That nerve to live that had found him so suddenly? It was just as quickly falling away, snatched back by this unforgiving shower of fire that threatened a torture beyond even his past traumas.
“Do you think about fucking me raw, Cas? Fucking me so hard I forget my own name?” Dean breathed, biting gently below Castiel’s ear.
Though Cas couldn’t tell whether it was about him or about what they had done. Worst case scenario included both. And he didn’t know how to fix it this time, especially when Dean was sure not to let him even try.
Dean ignored him, but his hands clenched into fists at his sides and his skin rushed hot then cold. His heart drummed aggressively inside his chest, the pulse coursing through him and momentarily deafening his ears of everything other the heavy beat. Sam knew all that Dean had been trying to deny to himself for all this time. Sam knew Dean was seeing ghosts.
“And you really scared me,” Dean admitted, “I’ve never…” He cleared his throat again. “I’ve never seen you like that before. I’ve never seen you cry.”
Dean circled the table once before selecting a chair and sitting down. Or rather stumbling down and almost slipping off the edge to the floor. He was sober enough to steady himself and kick his feet up onto the table, but the room wasn’t entirely in focus. He could navigate his way from one room to the next without incident, but all the details in between had faded into oblivion. Dean sipped his beer—having actually forgotten how many he’d had already—and idly peeled the edges of the label off.
“Not as much as it does you,” Castiel answered honestly. Though it was annoying, he could still probably manage it for another half hour or so before either relenting to get up and fix it or to switch it off altogether.
Cas felt Dean nudging him in the back. He cautiously peered out from his blanket, his stare turning piercing when Dean continued to prod him. Dean stood clad in his makeshift pyjamas: a loose fitting tee and dark boxers. Cas was momentarily surprised by the absence of his ridiculous grey bathrobe, but then, in the corner of his eye, he saw it draped over the back of his desk chair. It was a touch too warm in Castiel’s room, the air vents inexplicably channelling most of the bunker’s heating there, but he hadn’t yet needed to shed any further than an unbuttoned shirt. Since Dean had sacrificed the supposed comfort of his oversized robe, he guessed the hunter was more susceptible to the heat.
She turned around at the sound of the door breaking off its hinges and bared a mouthful of pointed teeth. Cas held up the machete instinctively and shifted from one foot to the other, his expression blank with sudden dread. The vampire stood upright and stormed towards him with her arms outreached, her sharp nails soon gripping onto his shirt and pulling him in. Dean struggled with his leg trapped beneath a heavy wooden table.
Sam dragged Castiel out of the bathroom and sat him down, offering him food or drink as he paced back and forth, flustered; forgetting that Cas was an angel that didn’t need neither food nor drink. Dean reminded him of that fact in a quiet mumble and stood aside, leaning awkwardly against the wall as his brother took the remaining seat.
Their past was built of mismatched bricks, each moment a unique shape stacked perilously with the next. Their story was a structure that somehow stood despite all reason demanding it topple. And it was only since Castiel became human that these bricks became uniform and solid. They’d come together—truly together—for the first time. And that threat of collapse had finally receded. Until now—now that he was about to put everything back on the line.
It wasn’t their place to change what had to be outside of their control, and so they set out only to retrieve their mother and bring her home where she belonged. Sam had expressed time and time again the dangers of time travel or world hopping, and of jumping from timeline to timeline and from place to place. He had babbled endlessly about the postulations around chaos theory… the whole kill a butterfly and trigger a storm nonsense that Dean had stopped listening to not long after the spiel started. Whenever Sam had resumed his tirade Dean had feigned some kind of interest but hadn’t really been taking in a word of it. He hadn’t felt any need to at the time. Because he wasn’t so concerned with the state of worlds that wasn’t his own—they were alternate dimensions for a reason. They’d come into existence as a product of a decision never made or a road not taken. Maybe there was even a world in which he’d be happier, yet Dean had already rejected the idea, knowing that here—this world. This sad, broken, little world—was home. All he had wanted was to save Mary. Everything else, as far as he was concerned, didn’t matter.
“I’ll talk to him,” Dean said finally, his entire being still wanting to stay where he was. But for once he decided to ignore his instincts, and told himself to save Castiel, when his Cas had always saved him.
Dean laughed again, but this time with some actual humour, “I’m really glad you didn’t. Can’t even imagine how that conversation would have gone down.”
Cas was quiet for a moment as he huddled in on himself and stepped closer to Dean so the water was almost up to his armpits. His whole body felt tingly and almost numb as the cold bit at his skin and left goose bumps up his arms.
Dean was the first to come down, and he near collapsed onto Castiel’s chest, out of breath and overheated. Cas took Dean into his arms, finally withdrawing so they could embrace one another as wholly as possible. Dean nuzzled his face down against Cas’ chest, kissing his skin and murmuring hushed words against his collarbones.
“I don’t really want to talk about it, Dean,” Castiel mumbled. What he wanted to say was that Metatron was only a part of the problem. Cas himself had played a part and deserved to die just as much as the Scribe.
Things had been tense between Sam and Dean ever since Dean was caught kissing Castiel. Neither of them had spoken much, and when either of them dared to open their mouths they only ever argued. Dean was still unwilling to discuss what had happened—or rather what Sam had seen. He still had no regrets about what he had done, but rather just for getting caught. Ever since then, Dean had found himself wishing for Castiel to be near and hoping to see him in the halls or to overhear him by the stereo listening to Dean’s cassettes.
“Good. And maybe you’ll have the chance to have the soppy, lovey-dovey talk you’ve been wanting,” Sam grinned.
Sam had one in a headlock with the demon knife lost somewhere at his feet. His face was concealed by blood and dirt and matted hair.
“Castiel,” Dean cleared his throat and stood behind the empty chair directly across from the angel. His hands grasped the back of it, helping to steady himself as he stared hopelessly at Castiel.
By now the space between he and Cas was slim to none, and yet the angel hadn’t made a move to strike. Briefly, Dean felt almost chuffed by this. Mollified. He got the sense that the miracle he had long ago asked for had somehow been granted to him after all. But the closer he got, the wilder Cas appeared. The Impala’s headlights highlighted the stains of blood and dirt on Castiel’s clothes, which, though not unusual or something Dean had never seen before, somehow made him into something war ravaged and cold. Overtime, Dean’s Castiel had slowly started to perceive and understand appearances, and even went so far as to take more care with his own by keeping clean and presentable.
“Then we wait and try again… what’s with all the questions?” Dean shot him a piercing look, but Cas didn’t see it. He was clearly trying not to.
Dean sidled in a little closer and peered diligently at Castiel’s shaken features. His gaze travelled from Castiel’s eyes, paused momentarily at his lips, and then continued down to their clasped hands.
It might start taking longer to update now since I'm writing two stories at the same time and working during the day. Also, I'm going away to a Supernatural convention in less than 3 weeks, so some chapters will likely be delayed (but still coming!)
He would text him early in the morning, sometimes one message after another until Cas replied, telling him he
They were questions Dean allowed though he never went into much detail in his answers, as it was hard to describe what so often went by unnoticed—again, familiarity made everything very commonplace. But then when those questions ran out, Benny’s curiosity focused more on Dean. More specifically: on the mysterious angel that he was dead-set on finding.
“Maybe take a trip upstairs,” Dean suggested. Castiel hadn’t been the same since he came back from Purgatory, and while Dean was still concerned as to who or what brought Cas back, he thought that maybe Cas turning off angel radio was more important. Cas had been trying to work the case in the hopes that he’d help where he could—where he was allowed to—but he couldn’t exchange his brothers and sisters for the people down on Earth. Healing one didn’t heal the other.
“Of course,” Castiel vowed, and Dean could see he meant it. Cas was going to grant him his dying wish to not just look out for his little brother, but also to stay alive. Dean couldn’t kiss him, but something told him he didn’t need to: Castiel knew, and the angel wanted to kiss him too, but didn’t for all the same reasons.
Still, these physical troubles were nothing compared to the emotional burden he carried with him. He was all too aware of Dean’s absence. It felt unfamiliar and wrong to be seated behind the wheel, the faint buzz of the radio playing into the empty air. Cas was all too used to acting as a passenger, sitting at Dean’s side and listening to the roar of his cassette tapes.
Dean had expected a far more furious reaction than the one Sam gave him. His voice was too soft. Too sad. Too rueful. Where he could have pushed on and put a door between them, the faded anger in Sam’s words stopped Dean. Stopped him cold. Briefly, without reason, Dean almost apologised to Sam. Almost promised to rectify his mistakes.
“Not here,” Dean answered finally. He left his hand there against Cas’ skin for a few moments longer, “He didn’t care, Cas…tiel. He decided it was a mess we made and should clean up ourselves. He granted us a few minor ‘miracles’ and that was that.”
“Do you have to keep changing channels like that, Cas?” Dean called out from the bathroom, the door sitting ajar as he stood at the sink with half a face of shaving cream left on his chin. Cas brought his knees up to his chest and continued clicking the remote repeatedly from channel to channel without settling on a single one.
Thanks for reading this next chapter, guys! I hope you enjoyed this one :) Let me know what you thought in the comments, and keep an eye out for the next chapter!
Sam was the first out of the car, digging in the trunk for an array of weaponry. Dean lagged behind him. He wordlessly opened the back door for Castiel who stepped out and stared ahead at the portal with a furrowed brow.
“I would,” Cas said sternly, “if I left you for anything, I’d forever blame myself. And I’d expect you to do the same.”
“Uh, steak as well thanks. Medium rare,” Dean said, his eyes darting back and forth over his menu, evidently wishing he had more time to consider his options, but he had cracked under the pressure of the server’s disapproving gaze.
Castiel held Cas’ Bible out to him, waiting patiently, knowing that Dean would eventually take it. Because how could he not? It was the one thing Cas had left behind. It was the place where Cas had kept a happy memory—maybe one of the happiest. It was where Cas had placed that photograph, protecting it and the moment it captured safe from ever perishing.
“Absolutely not,” Cas said, firm in his resolve. He was positive that his voice would not appeal to anyone’s ears, certainly not to Dean’s, and he was sure to get the words wrong.
Dean believed he was already on this path… so far down, in fact, he couldn’t possibly find the way he had come. But Sam wasn’t there yet. There was hope for him. There was a chance he could stop himself before he became lost and blind to the good life he had yet to live.
“I know I’m going to regret this,” he sighed finally and shook his head in defeat. “I don’t agree with this. I still think this is stupid and reckless, but if you want to take the risk then that’s on you.”
They travelled the precarious dirt road to a cabin located at the edge of the dense forest. The wheels of the Impala dipped dangerously into the wet earth and threatened to trap them somewhere along the quiet path. Dean was only concerned for the state of the Impala, muttering incensed curses each time a wheel slid into the mud. Castiel, however, couldn’t bring himself to care about anything beyond what they might find at the cabin.
Sam frowned and lowered his duffel bag, a little taken aback by Cas’ aggravation. But Dean understood. He glanced only briefly over his shoulder before looking purposely away, one hand reaching up to rub firmly at his temple.
When Castiel awoke, he immediately recognised the stiff, sterile feel of hospital sheets. He had been in a hospital bed only a few times before, but often enough to be familiar with their distinct weight and texture that was unlike sheets found anywhere else. It wasn’t a comfort to be here again, though he supposed it was better than the alternative—which was a shocking revelation after months of existing only in a state of constant duress where suicide seemed imminent and inescapable and sometimes the most horrid, terrifying kind of welcome.
Maybe if he had kissed him sooner or held him longer… maybe then they wouldn’t be here saying goodbye for the last time. And a part of him wanted to do it all now and just hope it wasn’t too late. He thought about caressing Cas’ cheek in the palm of his hand, leaning in close and kissing him gentle and soft and sad, but loving too.
“I didn’t mean the screaming,” Dean interrupted, “I meant the apologising. I don’t even get what you’re sorry for.”
“Really? After all he’s done for us?” Dean glared back at him in disbelief. “After saving our asses back there?”
Cas just looked like the best version of himself, which Dean hadn’t seen in a long time since something always seemed to get in the way: whether that be Castiel’s vessel falling apart from the leviathan writhing inside him, or dazed and drowning in hospital clothes that were almost two sizes too big, to being covered in filth and with overgrown hair in Purgatory.
“Again, strange priorities,” Cas mused and made sure Dean was comfortably in his seat before closing the door. He shivered against the cold, his hair dripping into his eyes and his torso felt completely vulnerable now with no shirt on, but he took no time to retrieve a fresh shirt from the trunk. His priority now was to get back to the hotel where he could ensure Dean’s safety. He climbed into the driver’s seat and started the car, allowing the heater to blast hot air directly into his face.
Dean’s expression softened and he lowered his sleeve from his nose, remaining apprehensive as he placed a gentle hand on Cas’ arm. Gently, he rubbed the length between his shoulder and elbow. “Cas, come on. Just… how bout you get up, take a shower, and I’ll get you something to eat? We’ll start there, yeah?”
Cas heaved again, but his stomach was so empty and raw by this point that nothing came out. He spat into the open toilet, his mouth still slick with tangy saliva, and then he withdrew to wipe his lips against the back of his arm. Sitting back, his head started to spin and pound in protest, and he resisted the temptation to curl up on the floor with his bare skin against the cold tiles.
The cashier hesitated, minutely dumbstruck for a moment. He awkwardly turned to collect Cas’ change from the drawer. “It is bad weather today,” he granted eventually.
“Music you haven’t listened to,” Dean explained over the stereo. He turned around, his eyes clearly alight with pride. “Starting small, remember?”
The waitress jotted down their order and swept away from the table, leaving Dean behind in a daze, his mouth agape and his eyebrows comically raised up his forehead. Castiel snickered softly and took a sip from his complimentary glass of water, but it was too late to try and mask his amusement.
“I’ll see you in the car. You’ve got two minutes and fifteen seconds,” Dean beamed and ruffled Castiel’s already messy hair before disappearing out the door.
“Okay… okay,” Dean murmured, smiling at first with a wet shine to his eyes of threatening tears, then his face fell. “Alright…”
They kissed again. This time, it was final. It was delicate and irrefutable… but Dean didn’t know it was Cas saying goodbye.
But now, with Dean drawing attention to himself, Castiel again started to picture the contours or Dean’s body. This wasn’t difficult as Dean was wearing so little as it was, compared to his usual jeans and multiple layers of flannel and/or leather. Cas imagined tracing Dean’s naked hip and the inside of his thighs and kissing at those damn collarbones. He contemplated what it would be like to taste the inside of Dean’s mouth, to bite at his bottom lip, and to feel the heat of his skin flush against his own.
He knew he should say sorry, though sorry, in his mind, would never be enough. He knew he should probably try his best to explain himself, but he didn’t know how since he hadn’t chosen to let go in the first place, and he hadn’t spent a day since not hating himself despite trying his best at the time. He thought maybe he could just focus on how happy he was to have Cas back, but he knew that it would sound forced, never mind just how strongly he really meant it. Cas would see right through the distraction and think: you’re happy to have me back but that doesn’t change having been left behind in the first place.
“Nothing to be sorry for,” Dean dismissed with a forced casual shrug. He opened the door quickly. “Your bath is getting cold.”
How could Dean so easily act as if nothing had happened? How could he pretend that his fingers hadn’t been in Castiel’s waistband? That his hands hadn’t trailed along the ex-angels hipbones? Did it not occur to Dean the way it did to Castiel that the hunter could have easily pulled the pyjama pants down instead of up? Cas shivered at the thought and he turned up the volume of the television in an attempt to force the idea out of his mind.
Sam and Dean had made a routine of pestering him various times throughout the day, always asking how he was and what he was doing, and insisting he look up lore for them that he was sure they already knew. They were trying to keep him busy from afar. Sam was subtle in his efforts to keep Cas on his feet: asking for his help and giving him various chores to complete within the confines of the bunker.
“I want to,” Cas insisted and moved Dean’s hands out of the way. It could be the last time he would ever get the chance to do this.
She looked back at him again. “Sophia. Not that my name means much to you. We never met in Heaven. Not even once. Not when you were a trusted soldier or an admired leader… or a genocidal dictator.”
“I could help, Dean.” Castiel wasn’t sure if he truly believed that anymore. Maybe, once, he could, but now that time had long since passed them.
Dean loved saying it. He could hide his face and laugh at the words, but they both knew the sincerity.
So far he hadn’t let off a single shot. Though he suspected his luck would eventually run out. It always did, after all. Dean leaned his sawed-off shotgun against his leg and dug his phone out of his pocket. Sam hadn’t contacted him, which implied nothing chaotic had happened since he left. Dean started typing, his eyes darting up now and again to check on the slowly closing portal.
He waited for the pain to plateau but his resolve was wasted. As they cut, they decided to go deeper and deeper, not because it truly avenged them, but because they wanted to. There was no end to the suffering here, his or there’s. What he had done to the angels was unforgiveable. But what they were doing to him was undeniably reprehensible. His mistakes did not warrant this kind of abhorrent abuse. Their falling did not excuse finding pleasure in his pain. He knew that now. And he was sure never to forget it.
“Oh, he knows.” Dean knelt down in front of the wolf, purposely placing the blade at the crook of his neck. The sharp edge served a very clear warning. “Where’s the angel?”
Diverting his gaze, as if disinterested in the very subject matter he was about to bring up, he asked Sam about the energy that came and left with Castiel.
“Perhaps a quick dunk might clear your head,” the angel suggested and gestured for Sophia to come closer.
The same way he no longer bothered to watch the news, as he had done immediately upon Sam and Dean leaving on their hunt.
“Come here,” Dean whispered, pulling Castiel in again and their lips met in a much softer kiss. Their hands suddenly seemed clumsy and unsure but still longing to touch one another as Cas held Dean’s hips and Dean tangled his fingers into Cas’ hair.
Castiel felt that all too familiar stinging in his eyes and he wiped furiously at the blooming tears before they could fall. There was no time for them. They didn’t have a place here. Forcing them away was easier said than done though as he wiped under his eyes again and blinked a few times too fast. They burned his lash line and blurred his vision, taunting him with what couldn’t fall but could still break him. He did what he could to ignore them and pulled a thread free from his jacket, pulling it and pulling it and wrapping it around and around his finger. The tip of his index finger began to go pale, and then red, and then purple as he pulled, wrapped and tightened. He watched the colours change and focused at the pulsing beneath his skin before the feeling faded into nothing.
Thanks for reading, guys! So sorry this chapter took so long!! Writer's block is actually the worst. But I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Let me know what you thought in the comments, as I always love hearing your feedback. Thank you for being so patient with me! <3
It seemed stupid to ask. How would the imprisoned angel from another dimension be at that moment? Probably no different to how he was when Dean left. But Dean had to know. Since giving in and allowing his mind to wander to Cas, Castiel had inevitably started to invade his thoughts too. And Dean wanted him to be okay.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You think I don’t get bored out there? All the mind-numbing research before the action?” Dean said, “That and being in such close quarters with Sam for so long… like, I’m used to it, but I’ll always welcome hearing another friendly voice.”
Dean couldn’t believe that Cas would have the audacity to say such a thing, not after everything they’d been through together.
“Do you like to fuck yourself when you think of me? Do you touch your hard cock and imagine me making you come?” Dean continued, now moving to kiss at Castiel’s neck. His breath was hot against his skin. Cas shivered.
“I got bored waiting for you,” Dean said, “I’m going to be disgustingly adorable and say that I missed you.”
“This is a vessel, Dean. It’s always been anatomically correct with the inclusion of tastebuds. They simply just didn’t work the same way as yours while I had my grace.”
That’s how it started; sensing his angel, and missing him even more than he thought possible. He’d fall quiet whenever the feeling came to him, as he tried equally to force it away and to take comfort in it. It gave the illusion that Cas must be there somewhere nearby. Which was really just a cruel trick for his mind to play on him.
“Morning,” Cas murmured. He offered a reassuring smile, but it felt half-hearted even with all his energy put into it.
Scared because maybe this time he would actually feel it. History dictated otherwise, but that didn’t stop him from thinking:
How could he say goodbye to someone he hadn’t yet confided his love to? It would feel and sound hollow, because there was more weight to the word than he had allowed himself to let on. Because Cas, wherever he was, if he could hear him somehow—which Dean wanted, but couldn’t, believe—wouldn’t understand what it truly meant. He wouldn’t know just how damn hard it was letting go.
Sam looked between them and cleared his throat uncomfortably. He shoved his hands into his pockets and swayed back and forth on his heels, “Sure. As you do… in the bathroom.”
Thanks for reading, guys! I hope you enjoyed this chapter... and this slow build up to, let's be honest, even I don't know what haha :P Stay tuned for chapter 4.
Even Dean’s accusations fell back on him, revealing the self-loathing he felt within; expressing how, in the end, Dean still blamed himself. Sure, he had done everything to get Castiel out, but it hadn’t been enough, and Dean simply couldn’t forgive himself for that. But apparently Castiel didn’t need to. It sounded like he had nothing to forgive Dean for, but how could that be?
Castiel blushed a deep scarlet and clumsily took off his shoes and tucked his socks neatly into them. He was delaying the inevitable, not because he didn’t want to swim with Dean, but because he did—he was almost afraid of this desire, and wasn’t so sure of his restraint. There was a chance of him staring too long or standing too close, and he believed it wasn’t his place to initiate such things. He moved wherever Dean wanted him, and tried to wait for invitation.
They’d had little time to talk and even less to be together. More and more portals seemed to be opening across the globe, keeping Castiel occupied almost constantly. It was a lonely life, Dean decided. One that he didn’t wish to live forever—no matter how short forever may be.
Purah and Tabbris paused and looked to one another, considering her proposition. Watching, still only half there in the moment, Castiel knew what was to come. He had been an angel for an awfully long time, and he had done many great and terrible things. Castiel had killed, and sometimes he had liked it. He had become God and slaughtered in the masses, not just because of the power the name itself gave him, but because it had felt good. Castiel had always resented this intrinsic part of himself; the cruel part. He had since wondered where it had come from and why he had never been able to dismiss it in its entirety… and he knew now that it was an eternal part of him that existed in every angel of Heaven. Castiel was one of the broken few who recognised love and kindness and was able to nurture it. He had gone against nature to better himself.
“Hey there, Jumpy,” Dean greeted, “did I frighten you with my devastatingly good looks?” He gave a suggestive wink, chuckling to himself. Something had Dean in good spirits—Cas assumed the comfort of home had something to do with it.
Perhaps one day, after he and Sam had long since perished, other hunters would reside in the bunker, continuing the work the Winchesters had lived to do, and they would see those initials. Maybe they would learn who their predecessors were and what they had done—the good and the bad—and they’d see that '
Dean didn’t respond as he turned the car around and pressed firmly on the accelerator, ignoring the speed limit in his despairing efforts to get home. He wanted to believe Cas was safe in the bunker. That nothing could penetrate those walls and harm him. But something had lingered inside all along—inside Cas. And there was no hiding from that. The faster Dean drove and the nearer they were to home, the more Cas believed that.
Had he been back at the bunker, there wouldn’t have been much of him left aside from an empty shell that existed purely for the sake of existing. At least out on the road he had somewhere to be and other things to think about, and Dean always there in the next bed. That last week of tense silences and muted rage had shattered the mirage of living as if he were actually coping.
Cas thought Dean’s demeanour had changed so abruptly that it must have been something he had said, and he couldn’t figure out exactly what it was about his words that had really gotten under Dean’s skin. Was it simply because Meg had been a demon? Was Dean, like the angels, opposed to Cas having had a bond with a demon? It certainly made sense to him considering the history both of them had had with demons in the past, and Dean with Meg specifically. But his time spent under Meg’s care was common knowledge to the hunter and surely shouldn’t still bother him now; especially not since her death and Castiel’s disunity with all demons since.
