And from there, it was a lost cause.  Somehow, Dean managed to forget his trepidation and his hangover and the fact that
“Ummm…”
, because he wasn’t a
Benny’s voice broke.
…and his brain came to a screeching halt.
Two, now that I know where I'm going with this story, I've had to go back and add Jo's name to the previous chapters.  You'll see why.  Really, nothing's changed, other than Jo is mentioned alongside Sam, where appropriate.
Uncertainty had begun to erode the edges of the man’s smile, and he now set the tongs down and took a step forward, a crease appearing between his eyes as he gazed at Dean with concern.  “Are you all right?”
Benny met him at the door.  His eyes were bloodshot, but there was no trace of alcohol on his breath.
Dean was vacillating alarming between falling even closer into Castiel’s orbit and withdrawing as if in fear of reproach.  Castiel’s resurrection had been a whirlwind of tears, hugs, and
“You don’t have to.”
Before he could formulate a reply, an incoming Slack call began chirruping.
It was odd how that could sting, even though it was exactly what he should have wanted.
“I’ve been working on my Master’s for a while.  It’s been a few years, but I’m working full-time, so…” Dean scratched at the back of his head.
Together, they breathed, allowing their chests to rise and fall against each other.  Castiel, still running his fingers through Dean’s hair, wondered at this very human need to interrupt such a pleasurable activity for something as essential as breathing.  Not that it was unpleasant to lie here beneath his love.
“You don’t mess around with guys?”  Cas asked quietly.  Dean stared.
would increase a progressively more irritated Castiel’s resemblance to a grumpy kitten, which in turn would send Dean into yet another fit of near hysterics.
“I suppose I’d better,” came the rueful reply.  “Thank you again.”
No surprises, no last-minute edge cases, no major feasibility issues.  Handoff meetings at this company had an unfortunate tendency to uncover nasty surprises, although that typically wasn't due to any failing on Castiel's part. Zachariah, the product-manager-who-thought-he-was-a-
‘Yea--hey, I didn’t say anything about getting laid!”
3)  Sammy will one day save the world in a fit of organic-grass-fed brainpower, while Jo punched the Nazis into submission.  And finally,
, his brain chirruped unhelpfully) bedsheets and escaping through the window.  Further inspection, however, left him feeling rather like a idiot (
Dean winced as the triple-pop of the Slack notification sounded again, signaling the fifth ignored message from Cas.
) humming, and the sway…sway…sway…
Dean blinked.
A hand on his left shoulder had him looking back up again at Cas’s soft, understanding expression.  “It’s okay, Dean.”  He said quietly.  “You don’t have to tell me.”
“—perspective is very important for the feasibility of—”
After their father had dumped Sam and Dean with Bobby and his (at the time) new wife, Ellen, and stepdaughter, Jo, Dean had done his very, very best to prove that he could be good, that he could take care of Sammy, so that his Dad would be proud of him when he came back.  He had never even taken seconds at meals unless explicitly offered, no matter how his eyes lingered on the serving dish, and had instead insisted that Sammy and Jo (of whom he was quickly becoming just as fiercely protective) take what they needed.
“Enjoy your lunch, then, both of you.”
Dean dutifully handed over the pepper-shaker and absently watched Cas apply it liberally to his eggs.  “But you’re so…” he waved a hand, “chipper?”
Compounded by the most stunning set of shoulders Dean had ever seen.
“...son of a bitch.”
, insisted his brain), since upon looking out said window, he realized that he was on the ground floor of what was evidently a pretty little cottage in a field of blatant middle-class suburbia. Complete with neat little hedges.
But when he peeked up at Castiel, now setting down a plateful of bacon and eggs on the little woven placemat before him, what he blurted out instead was:
Also...it is with great sadness that I have learnt that my family will be traveling in August, and I cannot participate in GISHWHES.  Please, if you are gishing, gish a good gish for me.
Castiel sighed and rubbed his temple, holding up a finger in a gesture for quiet. His forehead twitched and his eyes closed in concentration. A moment later his eyes opened, and they weren’t happy. “I have until tomorrow then I am under orders to return.” His jaw was tight in unspoken frustration.
Castiel looked as if he wanted to argue but instead he let out a steady breath and nodded his head once. “Let’s head back then. The sooner that is done, the sooner you can all return to Heaven where you belong.” He nodded for the Angels to go ahead of him and Dean cocked an eyebrow when Castiel waved him ahead as well. Castiel looked over at Aberia, who was picking up her blade where it had been discarded next to Naomi, holding it away from her as if it were a snake ready to strike. Dean nodded his understanding and jogged to catch up with Sam and the others. Castiel walked up beside her and looked down at Naomi’s form. The burnt etching of her wings spanned several feet in either direction, revealing the skeletal husks they were in life. Her eyes were closed as if in sleep and for once she looked peaceful, something Cas was sure she had never felt in this life.
oath unbroken….as penance for my previous actions…perhaps Father and the other Angels could one day forgive my sins against Heaven…”
Naomi led the group, her hands held formally behind her back, the picture of authority to the other Angels. “Castiel, I’ve been considering this situation with your wings, and I must tell you I don’t much like it…” The other Angels eyes narrowed as he snapped his wings to his side. They had been continuing to heal, and he’d hoped the other Angels wouldn’t notice, but here they were. Their anger was almost tangible.
“You did what?! What deal, Cas!? Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean growled out as he grabbed Cas’ arm and swung him around to look at him.
“Dean…” Castiel began but saw there was no way to avoid it. He straightened his shoulders and looked directly into Dean’s eyes, hoping he could understand. “I promised The Empty he could have me without a fight if he would relinquish his claim to Jack’s soul.”  Dean got dangerously still as Cas' words sunk in. His eyes tightened and his mouth drew up in a line.
“Are you getting enough sleep, Jack? I know it’s difficult to get into a sleep pattern after your grace is lost,” Cas said as he looked over at Jack’s tired eyes. HIs face was full of understanding and concern.
“Now, now, brothers and sisters. Let us all get along. Castiel has finally come home to help us keep Heaven running. We acknowledge his sacrifice,” Naomi said, but with the other Angels around, she threw skepticism on the word sacrifice. Castiel looked over to her and shook his head minutely. She would always be a master manipulator.
“Sure, Sammy. What other happiness do you wanna crap on?” Dean barked out as he sat on the edge of bed, and Sam sheepishly sat down beside him, tucking his long hair behind his ears.
Castiel lifted one eyebrow in mock disbelief as he rolled his eyes huffily. “The scent of perfume on your clothing and neck would have the better question to be
The sound made the hair on the back of his neck stand up like he’d been shocked. The sensors in his brain tried to register Cas’ otherness as danger but he overrode that fear as he leaned back and slipped off his t shirt, letting it mix amongst the bed cover. Cas smiled happily at his reveal and he drug his nails softly down his chest, making Dean’s eyes roll back in his head and his breath shutter out of his mouth. “Oh fuck Cas, yes…” he groaned out much to Cas’ delight.
This chapter contains sex scenes. This story is intended for readers 18 and over only.
“You really suck at this,” Sam said with an eye roll.
“You can make it in four. I’ve seen you do it. Get here, not for me, but for you. If Naomi gets to you three before you can get here...then I would rather have died in Heaven.” Cas’ voice was heavy and tired needing Dean to understand the urgency.  He needed him safe more than he needed to comfort him right now.
“Well, I’d say it worked. I…” Cas stepped forward then, dropping his helmet and putting his arms around Dean.
“Yes…” Castiel said softly, his forehead scrunched in confusion still. He gripped Dean's shirt in frustration and tried to pull him back down but Dean resisted and Cas' strength was no longer what it was as an Angel, much to his frustration in this moment.
Sam walked ahead of them and put his hands out toward Mary and Jody in a last-ditch effort to save everyone a lot of embarrassment. “Hey, why not let me check the car first.
“Angel or human, you are mine, Dean Winchester. Body and soul,” Cas said with a teeth-clenched growl as he slid out and back in, hard, making Dean whine. Cas slid his hands up his sides, gripping Dean’s hands in his own and holding them on either side of his head as he continued his thrusts. Dean moved with him, their warm breaths mingling together as their noses brushed.
“Oh, old pal, you don’t seem happy to see me,” came a nasally, almost British voice that Dean could not place.
They sat together on the edge of the bed, watching the sunset in the bay window cast beautiful streaks of pink and gold into the room. They whispered and shared things they’d never been able to share in life, their secret thoughts and feelings, the walls that had kept them apart. They laughed and held hands and felt the weight of years melt away.
!” He raised his voice to a less than nonchalant shout and Claire snorted behind them.
Cas swallowed and looked toward the ceiling, trying to find the courage to say what needed to be said. “You know why. Things with you and I aren’t like how they are with Sam or Mary, are they Dean?”
“Well, to make a long story short, God is in the process of making new Angels…” Castiel spit it out with as little pomp and circumstance as he could. He withheld the point that Chuck had been getting his input on their design. He knew with absolute certainty that information would be make with a great amount of hostility.
“Castiel, I’m the big G…I know you. I know everything.” Chuck shrugged his shoulders as he gave a reassuring smile.
"Care to join me or are you going to draw me like one of you French girls?” he said with a raised eyebrow and sarcasm dripping from his tone. Castiel began to unbutton his shirt, the first hint of uncertainty in his eyes. Dean saw his fingers trembling slightly and he sat up and cupped his face in his hands and laid one chaste kiss on his lips.
Aberia whipped around and tucked her wings in, anger simmering controlled under the surface. Debriel stepped up and put a hand on her shoulder. “It’s enough Aberia. You’re being insolent. Commander Castiel, what would have us tell G?”
“Wha…” Castiel began but Chuck snapped his fingers and he was gone.
-----
Dean’s face flushed as he felt Cas trace his skin as he’d done to him earlier and he nodded, looking up at Cas through his lashes, knowing what he wanted, and wanting to give that to him. Give as much of himself to Cas as he could. Just as Cas wanted to give him the world, Dean wanted to give Cas
“Aberia, get them to the side of the stage. This area is too wide open to defend,” yelled the other Angel as he removed Jack’s chains. Dean guessed he by the depth of his tone. The armor was distinctly gender neutral. Mary and Sam were both standing back to back, looking nervous. Aberia ushered them over to the side of the stage, spreading her wings wide to shield them from view. The other Angel came to stand beside her and did the same.
“Cas, while blunt, wasn’t wrong about what he said about dad, and I will make my own choices. Cas and I…we…” Jody grinned proudly and crossed her arms over her chest as Dean struggled to find the words. He looked to Cas, who nodded encouragingly. Dean looked to him for help.
Mary stood above him, hesitant about what would do the trick. She grabbed her hunting knife and plunged it into its neck, which might severe his spinal cord or just piss him off. Regardless it would distract him enough to give Dean a moment of respite.
-----------------------------------
Castiel chuckled and Dean felt it vibrate down to his core. He groaned like he’d been punched then felt Cas’ finger sliding into him. The sensation was a relatively new one for him, though he teased himself this way in the shower sometimes when he was alone. He froze, fear creeping in, when Castiel slid his finger tip inside, feeling for that nub, that special place inside of him. Oh…oh there it was. Dean cried out as Castiel flicked across it while continuing to blow him with his surprisingly talented mouth. It wasn’t going to take much to push him over the edge but Castiel was damn well going to do it. His body was alternating thrusting forward into that hot mouth and riding back on the finger that was bringing him white hot pleasure. Shit, how did he even know how to do this?
"You okay?" Sam asks.
Dean kneels on Cas' left side, and gently touches his right hand to Cas' left shoulder.
"Okay," Dean confirms. "Okay. Um. How do you feel?"
Dean will wait. It's the only option he has. Cas will come back.
Dean fights the urge to clench his jaw the same way Meg just did. He smooths out his features, and remains calm.
These questions are much easier to answer. A soft smile appears on Dean's face as he lets his heart speak for him. "Well, I guess I got a little faith."
"I'm going to find you, Cas," he whispers. "I promise."
The doctor raises the lights in the room, and Cas blinks in the sudden, harsh glare. "Good, good," the frazzled doctor says, and she looks to Cas' left side, as if she's thinking about asking Dean to move. She must think better of that plan, because she moves around to Cas' right. She examines his various injuries, takes a look at his stitches, asks a series of rapid-fire questions about his condition. Cas answers as best he can.
Dean shakes his head a little too violently. "No," he says softly. "No, but it was close."
He drops onto his bed as if from a great height, and again experiences the bizarre sensation of having the wind knocked out of him without needing to breathe. It feels like someone hit a reset button.
"Trust me, Jack. I got this," Dean mutters out of the corner of his mouth.
Dean remains vigilant, constantly scanning the darkness on the horizon, checking behind them, looking for any hint of movement. It means that Jack sees Cas first.
"Cas?"
Holy shit, Dean's a ghost.
He reaches out and picks up the book, and it's so easy. Dean smiles to himself. Montage accomplished.
So Dean gets more aggressive. He starts moving objects, displacing them just enough for it to be eerie. He scatters books around the library, opened to convenient pages. When he can muster up the energy, he painstakingly underlines the relevant parts of the text.
"I will," Dean promises.
Led Zeppelin.
Hazel and Dylan run back in, pick her up by the elbows, and drag her out. They slam the door behind them, and Dean can no longer hear anything. He doesn't have a heart anymore. Or a heart is all he has left. He swears he can hear it still pounding out a rhythm that sounds like "monster."
Dean turns to look back to the portal through which he came, but there's nothing there. Nothing behind him. Nothing in front of him. Nothing around him.
So when Sam goes out to the garage, Dean follows. He's getting better at the whole walking-through-walls thing, so slipping straight through the car door to rest in the backseat seems easy. He tries to stay still as Sam opens the driver's side door and folds himself into the driver's seat, calling Miracle up after him. She settles in the passenger seat as Sam starts up the car, and Dean can still feel the familiar rumble of the engine vibrating through him. It's comforting and alien at once, feeling something that makes him feel so alive when he knows he's not.
It's for Cas. It's for kind, brave, unyielding, stupid, beautiful Cas, who gave everything he had to save Dean.
A third voice scoffs. "Like we should be listening to anything he says."
It's impossible to tell exactly where he was standing that night, but Dean figures that he's close enough. An eerie peace settles over the barn as he comes to stand under the one functioning light, darkened but unbroken. He switches off the flashlight.
"I wanna make a deal," he says.
There's a gentle, dim gray-white haze hovering just above Cas' eyes as he blinks them open. It reminds him of the low fog that clings to fields on autumn mornings. Just as chilly, too. He shivers a little, the air wherever he is a bit too cold for comfort. Where is he? Cas turns his head to look, but only manages to twist a few degrees before pain sparks bright before his eyes. A long, narrow line burns on the right side of his neck, running up from his collarbone to wrap behind his ear. His blood seems to be running right below the surface of the cut, searing his flesh. It must be a deep one.
Most days Dean shuts that voice down, but it's helpful on this, his last day.
"He's been here too long," Dean says, and the stab of guilt is worse than any knife. "We'll get him outta here. He'll be okay."
That's it.
Dean panics. Before he can think, he shouts, "Stop!"
He's heard before that when you die, your life flashes before your eyes. Dean can't see it but he feels it. He feels the joy and pain and love and rage burn through him. The love most of all.
Smack.
"Dean?" Cas whispers.
Dean starts making a list of possible spell ingredients, places conducive to a portal, conditions that could make it right. It saves him from having to remember where bits of information are located, and from moving half the library into his room, which he's pretty sure Sam would notice. Instead, he scrawls his findings on a piece of paper he keeps hidden in his room. Sometimes he'll go through a dozen books without adding to the list. Sometimes the list gets shorter, as Dean finds new evidence that contradicts something he'd found earlier. Writing is a struggle in and of itself, but mustering the energy to lift a pen to paper and scratch out a bit of hope...it's too much, some days.
Moving forward is seeming like a less viable option by the second.
He tries to limit his thoughts to saving Cas, and nothing else. Anything else can be distracting. But there's a price for his focus.
The kids exchange glances. Then Dylan nods, and they all break into a run, sprinting out the door past Dean.
Few people have visited as many planes of existence as Dean, and he's completely lost here. It doesn't feel the same as anywhere he's been. This place lacks the heat and pressure of Hell, the sharpness of Purgatory, the blank soothing calm of Heaven. It's too bright to be the Empty, doesn't put the chill in his bones.
"Yeah, well, I've had time to think," Dean mumbles. "And uh. You're right. I have been doing it my whole life. But well, we have free will now, and uh. Maybe I want something else."
Dean scrambles up from his bed and runs to the garage.
He stops breathing when he reads the caller ID.
Sam gets in the car, and Dean turns the keys in the ignition, bouncing his left knee impatiently. He shoots a mild glare at Sam, tilting his head as if to say, "really?"
Fuck.
Rituals, spells, ingredients, potions. In desperation, he hunts the storerooms. He finds a few of the things he needs, but not enough. There's nothing else Dean can harvest from the bunker, and he has no way out.
, he thinks. He doesn't say it out loud. Doesn't want to waste his potential last words on a self-deprecating joke. Besides, it's hard enough just to keep breathing when it feels like drawing air into his body displaces everything else inside him. He can feel his blood draining out of him, streaming from the wound in his back, but he doesn't feel like he's losing anything. There's not enough space in him anymore. It feels like he's too large for his body, or maybe his body has shrunk. There's too much of him for this world, or maybe the world doesn't have room for him and the burdens he carries.
He murmurs the lyrics like a prayer as he drives.
The Empty really is an apt name. Endless, featureless nothingness stretches in front of and behind Dean, and he just keeps walking.
Based on the slash in his neck and his current environment, Cas guesses he must have been hurt, badly. Loathe to make any major movements, Cas wiggles his toes, which all appear to be in working order. He starts to catalogue the sensations in the rest of his body, noticing several twinging muscles, a deep ache in his chest that he suspects are several broken ribs, and a sling holding his right arm to his chest. He tries to take in a deep breath, and hisses at the way his expanding lungs press against his fragile ribs, and notices another line of pain burning up the left side of his abdomen. Stitches, he thinks, and some serious ones. He tries to remember what happened before he woke up, but the memory, like the room around him, is shrouded in mist.
Now it's Cas' turn to laugh, because if there's one thing they've both been guilty of, it's wasting time. "I understand," Cas says. "And Dean, you know what I want. I want you. All of you."
What Cas did for him, what Cas said, what Cas felt, it wasn't easy to handle. Dean has grown over the years, but there's a younger, more selfish version of himself that would have raged at Cas leaving him like that, leaving Dean to carry the burden of their love alone.
Dean walks straight through the garage door and -
Dean watches the tears stream from her eyes, and knows that this is uncharacteristic for this woman.
Sam doesn't realize it, but he and Dean fall into a pattern. Sam sleeps, and Dean reads. Sam wakes, and Dean retreats to the darker corners of the bunker, places less traveled. He waits in storerooms, examines dusty basement shelves, pokes through hidden corners. Occasionally he'll find a stash of spell ingredients or a strange object that looks promising. Years spent in the bunker, and he'd never even seen half of it. There's only one place he avoids, and that's the dungeon. Walking too near it makes Dean feel like he's buzzing, like his atoms are about to separate from his form and go shooting off in a million different directions. He'd say it makes his teeth itch, but they don't do that anymore. Going near the place he lost Cas just feels wrong, somehow. It's an open wound in his universe. Dean does his best to stay away.
------------------------------------------------------
She wasn’t wrong, Castiel admitted to himself. He didn’t look forward to eternity missing his friends…his family…but he preferred it to never remembering they existed and the life he had with them. Remembering there was life outside of this sterile, cold place was all that kept him sane some days.
Dean stared dumbly at him until he sunk down on the bed and put his head in his hands. “If…I would like? Cas…Christ, man. You don’t know? You can build me this fucking perfect house and you still don’t know? This is the most laughable bullshit I have ever dealt with and I helped defeat God and then ended up dead on a piece of rebar.”
Dean nodded and traced it lightly with his fingertips. “It doesn’t hurt…” Cas added.
Like Cas could
“Do what?” Cas said as he stood stoically on the other side of the island, studying Dean.
“Would you care to join me?”
Dean tentatively put his own hand over Cas' and squeezed, fighting back the doubt that had so easily rushed his mind. “And she’s getting that…From Jack. They have far more in common than you two do, if you haven’t noticed.”
Castiel’s eyes grew heated, absorbing every detail of Dean’s face. “Dean, I have turned my back on Heaven to serve your purposes. Instead of Angel Radio, your prayers and your voice are all I wait to hear. I am yours to command…and they hate us both for it. Heaven commanded me to save you from Hell, but you have changed me in all the ways Heaven is afraid of…You make me want things. Human things.  Friendship. Sex…Love. You make me want a life I can’t have unless…”
“CAS?!” Dean bellowed into the phone, making Sam and Jack jump.
“My thoughts exactly. This isn’t like Dean not to answer, and I’m surprised you aren’t more concerned about your brother.” Mary snapped as she and Jody both nudged past Sam, into the dark parking lot while Claire brought up the rear.
“Sammy, the ever-present cock blocker,” Dean growled out as he gently pulled away. Castiel blinked like he’d been in a daze and Dean smiled proudly. “Dude, you are not at all presentable.” He looked him up and down and his clothes were a jumbled mass of wrinkles and his hair was a disheveled mess.
Dean started to argue, pushing the bedroom door closed as he stepped forward. He immediately shook his head and revved himself up for this argument. “Cas, no I…” but was abruptly cut off by Cas and his look of sheer desperation he let slip through was enough for Dean's words to get caught in his throat.
“You dirty Angel,” Dean said with a proud smile before he couldn’t hold back any more and he came, hot and streaking out, landing across Cas’ naked chest and chin, some even painting across his cheek. When Dean looked down and saw it as he came down from his high, he thought he might come all over again. He hit his knees, his weight finally giving out over two orgasms so close together, and slammed his mouth over Cas’, tasting himself on the Angel’s lips, and it was good.
---------------------------
Dean rolled his eyes and nudged him back. “It’s no fun alone. Sam’s too busy being domestic and you’re buried in your cover. I’m like Anna asking you to build a fucking snowman every day.”
Dean grimaced and sighed as he stood up to get fresh coffee. “It’s true. In general, our lives are pretty miserable. Blood, guts, death, a laugh a minute.”
“Do you think Sam and Dean would have been better off without me?” Castiel said quietly as Chuck returned to his desk.
“Yes, she is,” Cas added with a knowing smile of his own. “And she cares for you
Chuck nodded as he turned back toward the table, writing down on his notepad. “Good note. See, this is the help I needed!”
“Son of a bitch…” Dean growled out as he followed him out.
“Well, Mary and Other Bobby are an official thing…. It’s still a little weird but she’s happy, so that’s good to see.” Dean said with an uncomfortable shrug. She’d tried to hide it for a while but Dean was far from dumb and he’d finally had her come clean about it, and then gave his blessing.
“I’ve been sent to retrieve you,” Aberia said firmly as she looked past him and at the group below. “I’m afraid I am too late. You’ve obviously already been defiled. You stink of it.” Her face wrinkled in disgust and Dean could see Cas’ shoulder blades tighten in anger. His cheeks turned a darker pink at her statement, knowing there was not really another way to interpret her statement.
Dean nodded in understanding. “I get it. Easing into new things can be good, but don’t take so long to ease in that you miss living.”
“Come on, Castiel. We have to get you out of Heaven…” Aberia said as she grabbed his arm and pushed him out of the door, unseen by the crowd. He was too wounded to argue or fight her grip as he let himself be led out.
Dean gritted his teeth and threw his chair back from the table, making it screech loudly against the concrete floor. He stormed off to his room without a word, letting his door slam behind him. He leaned against his door and crossed his arms in front of his chest. Only then did he let the tears he’d been holding back fall.
Sam, who had been about to sit down jumped to his feet. Jack stepped closer. “What? How? When?” Sam stammered out. “Is he okay?”
Naomi shrugged softly. “Just a small modification. A tracking sigil and the removal of your anti-tracking tattoo. I admit that was a slip on my part not to remove it before. However, in my defense, I really did not foresee this wing issue arising.”
“Adrenaline rush?” Dean said as he kneeled next to the chair. Cas' eyes were wide as he nodded silently. “Just breathe through it. Your heart will stop racing in a minute, when your body realizes your not in danger anymore." Cas gripped Dean’s hand and Dean squeezed back reassuringly.
“You can have that,” Cas said as he pulled away slowly. “I have always wanted nothing more than to stay by your side.”
“Liar.  I’m good at reading faces. Some people think I’m psychic,” She said with a grin as she tapped her head. She nodded her head to Mary and Bobby. “Those two ain’t just friends and you’re missing someone pretty badly. If I’m wrong, it’d be a first.”
“Sure, Cas, whatever you say….After you,” Dean said with an exaggerated wave of his hand as they headed toward the door. He tried to exude confidence he didn’t feel but when Cas' hand brushed against his own as the room door closed with a soft click behind them, he took it up in his own. Castiel looked to him, gratefulness in his worried eyes, and they headed toward the elevator. They passed only a couple of others on their way, all of these stuffy business suit types who were too busy on their phones to pay attention to the two very dangerous beings passing them in the hall. If they’d been paying attention, maybe they’d have felt the hair on the back of their necks stand up as they brushed past an actual living Angel whose nerves were making the air taste electric…but they noticed nothing. As the two of them stepped off the elevator, onto the main floor, Dean felt queasy. Whether it was the elevator, the situation, or the fact that he’d skipped lunch, it didn’t matter. He clutched Cas’ hand tighter as they turned the corner to the restaurant. A hostess was waiting at the stand, her dark black hair pinned back in a neat bun. She smiled her best retail smile as they stepped up to her. However as soon as she got a good look at the two of them, her forehead creased. She recovered quickly but her eyes still held a confused look that they didn’t quite understand.
“I don’t know, something with more pazazz at least. Not just a big ol’ syringe,” Dean says.
“What?” Dean says again.
“I’m an angel of the Lord,” Cas says, straightfaced.
Cas is bewildered, he stumbles around for a moment, looking every which way. Dean wastes no time. He rushes over and embraces Cas. His Cas. Alive. Cas yelps but Dean doesn’t care. He’s got his best friend back. There’s so much to talk about.
“Cas, I think we should move,” Dean says one night in bed. Cas is glued to his backside.
Jack laughs, “Typical, too many assignments and not enough time. A break will be nice.”
“Okay,” Dean stammers.
They don’t say anything more. There is no need. Dean tugs at Cas’s elbow to lead him back to the farmhouse. They finish the night with ice cream and Jeopardy. A wonderful end to an otherwise terrible day.
“You want me to buy the Magnum P.I. shirt,” Dean asks skeptically.
“I wasn’t there to cast my ballot,” Cas huffs.
“Many with LO-HGM do have atypical Herophilus Gland activity prior to manifestation although they may not realize it. The soul works hard to make itself known. Have you ever had any recurring intense or vivid dreams? Typically involving another person.”
“You are interested in me, romantically,” Cas clariflies to himself.
Why now? Did his Herophilus Gland decide to unrepress itself? Maybe his soul got tired of his shit and wanted to pack up and move out. Did it want to Bond? Not like that’s on his to-do list. Hell, it didn’t mean shit half the time. Mom and Dad were Bonded and their marriage wasn’t perfect until Mom died. Sam and Eileen weren’t Bonded and they were a great couple. Solid as a rock.
Dean is currently just in his swim trunks though. Last time he got the opportunity to sit on the beach and do nothing was Los Angeles and he didn’t stay long. He wants a tan. Unfortunately, Cas insists on applying sunscreen every two hours.
“You’re gonna love it if your Dad goes on that cruise, sweetheart,” Dean murmurs.
Cas feels a sudden urge to examine his shoes. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“Hey guys, turns out I don’t want to be an all powerful being responsible for all of creation so I quit,” Jack says before noticing Cas. He throws his arms around his father. Cas does the same.
“Yes, I have noticed,” Cas replies.
“Yeah, don’t think you can get out of being my personal huggy bear just because you're an angel of the Lord. I need my beauty sleep sunshine,” Dean says.
“Are you saying Cas is in love with me?”
Dean winces and tries not to think about it. “If your father asks, you didn’t get it from me. Don’t need him thinking I’m a bad influence.”
Cas sets Anna down on her perch, before loosening his tie now that he has two free hands. “Thank you so much. It’s been a long day, thankfully the clinic was quiet. I mostly did wellness exams today. I’ll have to show you a new patient of mine. It’s a young scarlet. She looks exactly like Anna did when she was a baby.”
He copies down a few suggestions into his notes. It isn't long before the information has dissipated from his mind. The discomfort that comes with forgetting lingers much, much longer.
They lay in bed together, the heater making concerning noises. Dean’s’ really got to get that checked. Cas’s grace rests against his chest. It brightens and fades ever so slightly in time with Cas’s breathing.
Cas really wasn’t kidding about the sleighride. Dean does insist on paying for his own ticket. This whimsical jaunt ain’t cheap.
“You got something to do around here?” Dean mutters, between mouthfuls of his sandwich.
“Cas,” Dean says softly, the unspoken
“There are things I will miss about it. Perhaps I had a crack in my chassis from the start. I don’t think it matters. Even if I am uncertain of the future, I like what my life has become. I wish to see how it ends up,” Cas says, squinting as the sun gets higher in the sky.
Dean would say Cas is being pretty restrained. There are not that many emojis, it’s a tasteful amount.
The private dinner. The lack of beer. Dean desired to tell him something.
“I know. I know. Thanks again!” Jack says, reaching over and unceremoniously plucking Nougat off Dean’s lap and draping him around their neck.
Dean expects Sam to blow a gasket. Sam, however, is thrilled
Jody pulls Dean aside, soon after he starts working.
Dean tries to backpedal. There’s got to be another explanation. “I’ve seen demons though. Fought them. Never seen an angel. Aren’t angels supposed to come down to us hairless apes in white robes and halos? Wings? You look like a tax accountant. A handsome one. Don’t get me wrong. Just not angelic,” Dean stammers out.
“You want me to stuff a suitcase inside my suitcase?”
She’s my favorite too:)
“Hello Dean.”
Dean’s pleasantly dreaming, face down in his memory foam when an unpleasant screech of his alarm wakes him up. 5:40 am. Just enough time to grab some coffee before he’s due to pick up Cas.
Driving the roads out west really had been a great idea. They led him to Cas.
A few minutes later, Dean sits on Cas’s bed, fidgeting from side to side. Cas does not miss the way Dean licks his lips as Cas disrobes.
“Dean,” Dr.Mills says gently “Manifestation is a very intense process on the soul and body. Fever, cold sweats, vomiting, diarrhea, and nausea are all common during this time.”
“I find your lack of faith disturbing. Think
“No. No. I’m sorry Cas. I haven’t been with, um, traveled with someone in a long time. I’m kinda rusty at this whole thing. Of course I want to stay. I just don’t want to be a burden or anything,” Dean says, flustered.
Sam points a banana threateningly at Dean, “I will hurt you.”
He is so much more beautiful than Cas remembers. Those green eyes still make his knees go weak.
Dean had been watching Cas more closely and at this point it seemed the most logical choice.
Dean swats at Cas’s knee, “I can see you’re so thrilled to be in her.”
“Of course, Dean.”
Dean is busy admiring Cas’s taste in cookware. How can he not love a man with so much Le Crusant pots. Sam never understood these things.
“Dean, I’m so happy for you,” Sam says, over the phone.
What kind of horror show are the angels running up in heaven?
Cas hates mornings but he’s apparently all too willing to wake Dean up at the ass crack of dawn to drive into the park. The sun hasn't even broken the horizon as they drive from Lake Village to Canyon Village.
Butterflies flutter in Dean’s stomach, “Dragonite?”
“I told you. I would be Mewtwo.”
Dean raises his eyebrows, “Really? Cause’ of my natural smarts? My good looks? My give em’ hell attitude?”
“In here, Cas,” Dean yells. It looks like his options are frozen birdie bread or potato puffs. He’ll go with the puffs.
“What about this one?” Charlie asks. The shirt is a cheerful red, with palm trees strewn about. On each tree sits a large parrot, colored pink and gold.
The hiking up on the coast was great, if Dean is honest. He really does enjoy the outdoors and he admitted to Cas walking more than a few miles in the rainforest was nice. Peaceful even. They did see a lot of wildlife as always. Cas could spot a woodland creature from a mile away. There were sea otters this time. Dean can’t imagine trying to survive in freezing cold water but they were adorable.
Dean takes a moment to really study Cas, there are bags under his eyes and the faint outline of fresh stains on his vest. His boyfriend was having a shitty week and now Dean’ just making it worse by being a little bitch.
“I mean it in the best way buddy. Never change,” Dean replies. “Anyway I’m going to hit the sack. Try not to wake me up when you haul your ass into bed.”
“Not too bad yourself, handsome,” Dean purrs. “Feel like kissing?”
“I take it, that's the kicker?” Dean guesses.
On a whim he gave it to Cas as a gift. He wanted Dean to play it for him in Baby. So here they are. Cas sways side to side with the music, looking content.
“I can’t answer that.”
“Sweetheart, I will knock out any windows you want or fix the counters or replace the toilet. If I screw something up Jack can just mojo it back into place. We’ll figure this out as we go. I promise,” Dean reassures Cas, nuzzling his soft hair.
“My Anna-Banana knows she is the most adorable animal in my life. Right love?”
Cas’s eyes shoot to Dean’s shoulder. “Dean.” he says without meaning too.
“Come on Cas, you were excited about this. We get to see the Redwoods on horseback! This place has some of the most unspoiled coastal redwood groves anywhere in the world. You read me the pamphlet yourself,” Dean pleads.
Dean glances toward the door when he hears the click of the door handle turning. “Mr. Winchester,” A middle-aged woman with short gray hair greets him as she enters, “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Dr. Jody Mills.”
He’s perfect.
“Yeah, yeah. No problem. Just a minute,” he stammers as he runs out of the store, beer long forgotten. Cas shakes his head and plasters on a smile for the next customer. Thankfully the rest of the line is routine purchases and not rude dumbasses or that horrifying monster that tried to eat Kevin, the sales assistant, once after covering him in cheese.
It starts with a teeny tiny white lie. Okay, it’s a full-blown falsehood but Dean really, really wants it to be a reality.
The five of them eat dinner and invite Jack to game night. It’s become a nightly tradition since Dean and Cas arrived. Eileen and Cas have been destroying Dean and Sam at charades so Dean puts Jack on their team.
Bobby raises his eyebrows but shakes on it with Cas nevertheless.
Cas doesn’t respond right away. His breathing is heavy and he seems to be lost in a post-orgasmic haze. He’s got a delightful pink flush all over, his limbs loose and relaxed.
Dean’s starting to see Castiel’s point. This isn’t good.
In Baby, it would have been thrilling. With the camper, it’s nerve wracking. Dean can only imagine this must be a nightmare to drive in the dead of winter. With this many pull outs though  it does give him the opportunity to stop and rest.
“Is he being picky again?” Cas asks.
“Yes.”
He can hear Cas’s snort but he doesn't say anything. They drive to Jackson in silence.
A part of Dean, the hunter trained to fear the supernatural, wants to bulk. There’s more. There must be. All the same, he knows that fondness and devotion in Cas’s voice. It’s how he feels toward Sam.
Dean puts Baby in park. “Yeah. I’ve survived enough Novak family dinners.”
“I’m your huckleberry.”
“He’s a librarian. Cataloging librarian. He gets grumpy if you leave that part out. Actually, Cas isn’t a grump. He’s just weirdly intense about his job. Cause’ he cares. He cares so much. About everything in his life. Everyone.”
It’s more crowded than Dean thought it would be, but the photographs didn’t do it justice. He sits on the tram, stuffed in with other park guests and listens to the ranger talk about the history of the park. Dean only half listens, he stares up at the canyon walls. They dwarf everything below.
Cas doesn't say anything, only climbs on to Dean’s lap and kisses him. Eventually Cas pulls back, smiling wide, but wincing at the awkward position. Dude does have a bad case of humanity afterall.
Cas tugs Dean’s elbow, getting his attention.  Beyond the kitchen is a small hall with two rooms on the left. “The one at the end is Jack’s. This other one is ours.”
He pushes himself out of bed and walks over to the bathroom mirror. He needs to look at the mark some more since the hours he spent gazing at weren’t enough. Dean pulls up his sleeve to reveal the print. It’s changed.
Dean stiffness. He hadn’t meant it like that.
“Change it. dammit Cas, change it to anything else,” Dean snaps.
Cas knows he’s fighting a losing battle. Dean is in full mother hen mode. As well, Cas doesn’t want to be unnecessarily obstinate in front of Jack. “If you insist. I’m on the old north road. Umm, I’d estimate a few miles from the intersection of 4th and Wesson.”
Not that Dean doesn’t want to. It’s just a lot.
The Novak home was out in the woods. Housing got cheaper, the further you went from the ocean.  A lot cheaper if you lived up an old dirt road in a janky house with constant repair problems. The one benefit was that there were several abandoned logging roads on the way. Places that were perfect for pulling off and getting up to trouble.
“Precisely. I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
“Laurelin,” Cas supplies. He jumps when Dean makes contact with his soul mark, nearly knocking noses again.
Dean gently pulls out although Cas hisses a bit. He’s gonna be feeling that fuck all night long. Dean’s dick twitches at the thought. Cas finally comes down enough to remember to clean them up with a flick of his wrist.
“You wanna bang?” Dean asks, despite Cas already rolling onto the seat to assume the position.
Dean studies Jubilee for a moment before shrugging, “Won’t deny it. Look, Benny will be here soon. I can have him tow it to my place if you want.”
Cas huffs but gently squeezes Dean’s knee before getting out and fast walking back to the Gas-n-Sip.
in her opinion.
Sam almost put on the vastly inferior
This Castiel looked around before leaning in and whispering in Dean’s ear, “We need to talk, Dean. Alone.”
“Carry on My Wayward Son” has been playing on repeat. Fifteen times for the last hour and a half. Dean loves Kansas but he doesn't love them this much.
Dean devised a foolproof plan for this theory. Film.
“No one is asking Cas about marriage except
Dean blinks. He is in the camper again. Looking at Cas. A very human Cas.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
When Cas goes to pull away though, Dean doesn’t let go.
Sam rudely taps his glass with a fork, “If I may.”
Dean stares at him.
The doorbell rings. Jack leans over to look out the window. “Kevin’s here.”
Well, Dean found the rain. He’s always loved the beach but his beach days didn’t involve getting gusts of cold rain blown right into his face. Cas insisted that the beach was wonderful on sunny days. The sun better show its face soon.
“You know what they say. Well, what Dean says. The best price is free! Umm, minus the costs of parts,” Jack mutters. “Also don't worry about the color. I told Dean it’s got to stay Jubilee gold in your honor.
Dean needed a portal to Hell. Only a few ways to do that. The easiest one was to get an angel to do it. That’s why angels were on Earth at all. Open up Hell and throw the demons back in.
Cas examines his arms, the Dazzling Magic dahlias cover every itch below the elbows, only leaving a small opening for Lissuin. “Dean, they bloom because I love you.”
Dean wasn’t familiar with familiars. Sam had ~the Gift~ but there was no way in hell Dad would have ever let him bond with a familiar. Sam didn’t learn much magic until college and never took a familiar. It wasn’t that uncommon these days.
Dean’s not sure why. Perhaps the outdoors are better without the pressure of hunting or he just likes spending time with Cas. The lake is crystal clear. Dean can see the fish swimming underneath the boardwalk, taunting him. He almost wishes he brought a boat so he could catch a few. He adds it to the list of things to do.
Dean turns his attention back to digging around until he finds a bag marked “Anna: Casual Shirts”. “I assume we’re having a Novak family board game night to celebrate your return?”
Dean pats Jack on the shoulder, careful not to disturb Nougat, “I know. You’ll get there. Wanna drive?” Dean asks as he pulls his keys from his jacket.
Dean had to hold Cas back at several new agey gift stores they had stopped by on the way there. If he hadn’t, the camper would be full of nothing but tea towels and themed scented candles. Looking around, he was definitely right to do so.
Of course Sam would do something like that.
Cas beams. “Will you need an accessible room?” Anna glides back down, landing softly on Cas’s shoulder.
Sam actually laughs, the turd. “You found yourself a life Dean.”
After thirty times, Dean is close to breaking. They’re almost to the coast but if Dean hears one more chorus of “Carry on, my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done,” He’s gonna lose it.
But you just don’t find an angel. They find you.
Dean feels himself relax ever so slightly. Maybe this will be only kinda-sorta terrible.
Dean snorts, “It’s because I get so nervous I feel like I’m going to puke. I was hoping to pick up where we left off but one look at you in the bread aisle and all my stupid feelings came rushing back.”
Dean drives Jack to town often to get lunch and use the PokeStop. Apparently the bunker isn’t important enough to have its own. Assholes.
Did Cas just accuse Dean of eye fucking him? He definitely was but there is a world of difference between longing stares and consummation. Who calls it that anyway?
Cas can hear Jack slide Felix’s enclosure closed. “The engine give out? See Felix, Marvin’s a good snake and takes his food when it’s offered. We could always think of getting a more modern car, Dad. I think you’d like a smart car if you gave it a chance. Marvin, that’s all you get today.”
Dean reaches out, as he often does to inspect the flowers. Except he bypasses Cas’s left hand going straight to the right.
Dean looks down at the table, “Have you told Jack?”
“I’m glad you're here too.”
“If by mojo,” Castiel says, using air quotes, “you mean my grace. Then yes. It fades with each day. Slowly, yet steadily. Drip by drip.”
“No problem, buddy.” Dean opens his bag, unsure if putting his clothes in Cas’s closet would be weird.
“Really?” Dean asks incredulously. “Does everyone in the world know about this except me?
It’s a deep dark secret but he also gets Spotify for his phone. His piles of mix-tapes would take up too much room in the camper. He stuffs his favorites in the glovebox of the Ford.
Okay maybe
“Hello! You must be Dean,” someone says behind him. Dean should panic since someone has appeared out of nowhere but like father like son, Dean supposes.
“What about this one,” Dean asks an hour later, holding out his phone for Charlie to examine the Hawaiian shirt in question. It reminds Dean of those paper cups with the jazz design but with flamingos vomited across it.
“He did that picture thing didn’t he?” Jack asks. He looks a little embarrassed. It takes a great effort to suppress a smile at the memory.
Jack is Dratini. Sam was going to put Dragonite but figured since Jack is three, dratini is more appropriate. Jack pouts a little at being compared to a worm. Dean doesn’t blame him.
“I need some supplies. More importantly, so do you,” Cas responds.
Well, Dean always liked the west.
“If you’re not busy, why don’t we go fishing tomorrow?” Cas says as he sees Dean out.
Huh. Cas may have a point. He wonders where Cas learned this touchy-feely stuff.
Dean avoids his gaze, reaching up to itch his shoulder, “That obvious?”
“Hmm,” Cas answers.
“Yeah, but like in a buddy way.”
Sam opens his mouth, probably to tell Dean how great this heart-to-heart was. Dean runs to grab some beer from the house to avoid any more of the touchy feely crap.
As Dean lays down, Cas curls around him like an octopus. Dean falls asleep with Cas’s warm breath in his ear.
Dean’s eyes dart up. The angel is staring at a blade embedded in the cabin wall. It sits above the angel’s right shoulder, a hair’s width from his neck. Somewhere in Dean’s mind he really hopes the blade hasn’t gone all the way through the wall. It’s gonna leave a mark
Dr. Mills begins writing, “You noted that your treatment goal is to stop the pain.”
A Benny did in fact go and build himself a community a few years back. The coven has been growing. He and the other members have even been taking classes at the Leahy Institute of Supernatural Learning. First it was every hunter, now supernatural beings are signing up. The classes Benny took aren’t even related to the supernatural. He took one of Sam's classes on conflict resolution.
“How much time have we got?” Dean inquiries casually as he works two fingers in and out of Cas. Poor guy is tense with pent-up frustration. He squirms around Dean’s fingers.
Dean crosses his arms, “You can’t make me.” There, argument over. What’s Cas gonna do?
“My beloved. I was always yours.”
He never believed that familiars possessed greater intelligence until he started hanging around the Novak family. He called Anna a glorified chicken as a joke years ago and she wouldn’t stop pooping on the Impala until he apologized.
“Thank you Anna-Banana. At least you’re useful,” Dean says
Cas continues to butter the corn and tries not to stare. Dean is absolutely gorgeous tonight, well-rested and radiant. His eyes are playful and bright as he grins at Cas. He’s
Dean spent nearly a year chasing their shadow. Hoping for a miracle.
Dean can’t help the amused snort, “Hey, I took you up on your offer. Are you trying to nicely say I need to stop being a dumbass?”
Cas hesitates for a brief moment, “I hardly trust a cruise line to provide a high level of care for Anna. There are only several extra perches in a variety of materials, an extra scale, extra toys, additional packages of her freeze-dried veggie chop. And sunscreen.”
Dean’s heart rate slows as his breathing returns to normal. “Okay fine, you’re not an alien. So what in god’s name are you?” Dean asks. He’s come this far.
Castiel stands up and grabs Dean by the collar. Walks him back against the door. Dean doesn't resist.
“Go ahead,” Cas says contently.
“Hello Dean,” Anna belts out as he lands. Cas visibly jolts.
Dean beamed. He pulled Cas close and whispered in his ear, “When you fell from heaven.”
Dean shakes his head.
at you Cas,” Dean marvels. “Fuck, I need you inside me.”
” Eileen signs. Sam’s face drops.
“What’s wrong Cas?” He asks softly
“But, it’s Tuesday. Shooting practice is always…” Jack says as Sam practically hauls him up and shoves him out the door. Now it’s just Dean and Cas.
Tell her she’s my favorite Leahy
It’s late by the time they get into town. Dean is exhausted but Bobby gave him the rest of the week off. This three-week absence was an “extended field call” according to his boss. That deserved some time off.
To say Cas’s family was unusual would be the understatement of the century. They were all incarnated angels. Cas’s parents were very devout and very ambitious. They weren’t gonna wait around for the apocalypse to happen. They were gonna raise an angelic army on a remote off-grid farm and use it to build a better world.
Sam gives Dean a classic bitch face. “The ugly deer. Really? Not even Sawsbuck?”
“Yes, I know,” Cas says carefully. The world seems to tilt on its axis. The possibilities blooming in his mind. “We’re like family.”
Benny thanks them for their help. He hands Dean a business card and tells him to stop by the coven sometime.
“You seem very apprehensive about this,” Cas obverses.
“Dean, why would I want to “get rid” of you?” Cas questions, using air quotes. The kind he uses when he thinks Dean is being ridiculous.
Dean texts Sam before he goes to bed. It’s easier than having to talk. The only sound in the camper is Cas tossing and turning trying to get comfortable on the dinette cushions.
“Not the flowers,” Dean says, sounding awestruck. “The frickin’ tree.”
Jack brings a list of activities that he proudly states are the best way to bond with one’s fully human father. He researched the topic among his non-supernatural friends. It’s hilarious to watch the two of them try and figure out how to put a line on a fishing rod without celestial magic. Cas gets flustered but gives Dean a knowing look as Jack reads out instructions from Google. Cas is happy.
“Would you mind if I told Sam?” Dean asks.
No. That can’t be right. All Dean has done is stare at him. He can barely talk to him. If he had a crush…
Cas smiles to himself, “You care deeply for your pets Jack. That’s all. Felix has been like this since we got him. I’m very proud of you on your test.”
Speaking of Cas. There’s a message from him. It’s a video he recorded from the back room at his clinic. Cas worked as the avian specialist at the local exotic animal veterinary clinic. Half of the memory on Dean’s phone is probably from videos Cas has sent. They get all kinds of weird-ass animals in. Last week, Cas had treated an injured toucan.
Sam returns with an old fold-out of the continental United States. Eileen takes it and pins it to the wall. She pulls a knife from her boot and hands it to Dean.
Dean is about to snap but stops himself. He takes a few deep breaths. He needs to focus on communication.
Dean tosses the knife in his hands. It’s a small weapon, utilitarian in nature. Good for close quarters combat. It will do.
“Look at the time. Shooting practice. Eileen, Jack let’s get to it,” Sam orders. Eileen is trying not to laugh.
He’s halfway through describing the Christmas party debacle the first year they met when his eyes happen to catch the time. “Did you just let me run my mouth for ten minutes? Christ. Why didn’t you stop me? This has gotta be so boring for you.”
Cas’s eyebrows squish together. So even he doesn't know what Jack is talking about. Jack stuffs several mouthfuls of cereal into his face before continuing.
“Were-pires,” Dean corrects. He can feel his anger wash away. Cas has the ability to gentle Dean with just a look. Dean hates it, even if he also loves it.
Cas waited for Dean to continue.
Cas walks Dean back until he’s pressed into the oven. “I would like that very much,” he purrs.
Trench Coat introduced himself as Castiel Novak, the kids were Clarie and Jack.
He’s rummaging through Cas’s freezer, trying to find an acceptable vegetable side dish; he may have forgotten one at the store when he hears the front door open.
It’s a little past 1:00 am, which gives Dean time for a quick nap. He moves Baby around to the backlot, to a secluded corner so they don’t get caught with their pants down. He flops over onto his back in the backseat, taking the time to stretch his legs out as much as he can. It starts to drizzle and Dean drifts off to the sound of rain hitting the roof.
Dean packs his supplies. Leaves a voicemail with Sam. Throws the burner into the river.
Worry turns in Cas’s stomach, thinking about the possibilities. Was Bobby doing alright? Sam, Eileen, and Mary were fine as far as he knew. Did Dean have a serious illness? He desperately wants to make sure Dean is okay but he holds his tongue. He agreed to that.
“Do folks—is any of that normal?” Dean mutters.
Dean tries not to panic. “Text him back and say I’ll be in after midnight.”
Dean is falling in love with the guy.
Jody sighs, rubbing her temple. “There’s some coven around here, bunch of hippies that don’t kill people. I don’t trust them but they haven’t done anything. Some punks showed up a few weeks ago and have been harassing the members. It’s getting tense.”
“The central message was to learn to live in harmony but the entire premise of this franchise is for these creatures to fight each other,” Cas observes.
So when Dean saw his neighbor pacing in front of his shitty car, his familiar screaming, in obvious need of a jump, Dean offered. It was suburbia after all and that’s what neighbors did. Be neighborly.
Cas turns, he’s smiling though. “Yes, Dean. Thank you for spending your time with us. I have treasured the last few weeks and I look forward to our future travels. Alone.” There is an emphasis on the last part.
God, he has to get a handle on himself. He can’t spend the entire trip bitter and horny. He needs a distraction.
There at the bottom, right after the rating of 4/10 for the lack of bacon on the double-bacon burger was the message:
Cas runs his free hand through Dean’s hair. “I like it like this,” he murmurs.
Dean knows. He’s grateful for that but he needs this.
He turns around to see Cas, parrot in one hand, smiling brightly at Dean.
Dean nods, “No problem buddy. Anything you want.”
Dean’s brain tries to comprehend this new information, “Lucifer. Like Lucifer Lucifer. Satan. The Devil.
Cas blinks rapidly, shakes his head before surging up and kissing Dean. Dear god, he’s kissing Cas. Their noses bump awkwardly. Cas’s teeth clank against his own. It’s damn awkward but it’s the best kiss of his life. He backs Cas up against the wall, tilts his chin and deepens the kiss. They keep at it until Dean has to let up for air.
That fucking shirt. He had the shirt custom-made years ago to annoy Sam. “My Hawaiian shirts are too much but you want that thing? I have no idea where it could be,” Dean responds.
“Cas?” He asks. Dean was too nervous to do this at dinner, with Cas’s full attention on him.
Cas was a vet, working toward his avian certification, he worked long hours a few days of the week. Dean would pick the kids up from school and watch them for him. He learned how to take care of the birds. He justified it by telling himself it was the neighborly thing to do. Cas would bring him produce from his gardens. He introduced Dean to practically every witch in the area and suddenly
Dean prompts his brother, “Read it.”
“I’ve had it since Jack was born. I needed it as a means of transportation. It was in satisfactory condition. I must admit I did not think I would get attached to a machine. I suppose it's fitting it would break down now,” Cas says. His hands on the hood of the car, as if he’s about to lay it to rest.
“Your concerns are not misplaced. Gabriel assures me he can keep everyone in line but I’m not under any illusions about my family. I’ve stayed away for a reason.”
Cas doesn’t respond right away. He squishes his eyebrows together as he contemplates the question. Or maybe he already has an answer and is trying to find the words to say it.
Jack considers his assignment, “I like Togepi. I can see myself being a Togepi.”
You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. We can’t stop now,” Dr. Mills says.
Dean stiffins a little. “Calm down. He may not want to be interrogated by a nerd.”
“Sure Cas, Let’s be pals,” Dean announced.
They see wildlife. They see so much wildlife. Bison, elk, deer, all sorts of little critters. Cas even tracks down a bighorn sheep on a steep cliffside near the north entrance of the park. Dean noticed that bears were on Cas’s list but he’s not too keen. Still the wildlife hasn’t tried to attack Dean or steal his soul.
The pump clicks off. “Dean, you do realize you’re the only one who stares at him like that. You know, with those heart-eyes. “
“I should tell you about Jack,” Cas says. He’s staring out the window at the overcast skies.
cw / brief scene with a needle and syringe.
wasn’t the right movie.
Dean can navigate this minefield like the good neighbor he is. “I know the airline charges an arm and a leg but why don’t you check the extra bag if you’re that concerned? I can’t fit this all in my suitcase.”
Jack glances back at the list, reading it once over. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, and Yes. Oh, I need the extra water filter. I want a backup in case my other one gives out.”
Dean gets his bag from the camper and Cas gets out to unlock the door.
Dean thinks. His first meeting with Cas wasn’t exactly smooth. At least not on Dean’s part. Cas is probably talking about the part after Dean managed to stop panicking about the flannel. The corners of his mouth pull up in a slight grin. He can see where this is going.
“Yeah. Eileen and Sam have the hunting thing covered but I’m kinda tired of living in this windowless place. You, me, and Jack should find some nice place in town. That has windows. I’ll build you a garden. It’ll be fun.”
“Don't you dare talk about him, you don’t have the right,” Dean spits in anger. This creature talks as if he knows things. Like he knows Dad. Like he knows Dean.
They stop by their shitty apartment so Sam can get some sleep. Another reason Dean wants a place of his own. Then he doesn’t have to hound someone else to repair the fridge or replace the washer in the laundry room that’s been broken for months now.
Dean almost spits out his coffee at how serious and earnest Cas sounds. He’s still a weirdo, angel or human.
A light fills the camper. It’s source is the ring of light atop Cas’s head. It shines a brilliant gold. A halo.
“What exactly would you call what you have with him right now? The two of you left best friend territory a while ago,” Charlie says.
The angel’s face doesn’t register Castiel's question but his feathers rustle. The two of them just stand there for what feels like hours. Wings spread, faces cold and remote. Dean figures this is some kind of angelic pissing contest. He’s vaguely reminded of those bird mating dances from the nature documentaries Cas insists on watching.
“I told you, we are not changing the name,” Sam says.
Some translation Cas recommended.
He’s hot all of a sudden. He can feel his face burn. He might be sick.
“I apologize Jody, I am working on his table manners,” Cas laments. Some things don’t change.
“Okay. Let’s bone. Dean Winchester is ready to bone.”
Cas had been hauling around a half-formed soul for a while so humanity wasn’t a complete change. Not better or worse than being an angel, Cas had told him. Just different.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Morning,” Dean says. He puts on his best smile.
Cas shouldn’t feel this possessive, but he likes it very much. More than anything, it’s Dean. His Dean.
Cas locks eyes with Dean, they widen ever so slightly in what Dean assumes is mild panic. They’ve gotten pretty good at having wordless discussions in front of the kids over the years.
Calling AAA will have to suffice.
The holding pattern they’ve been in for years now is nice. It’s easy. It’s safe.
“Hello Dean.”
“TV made it look sexier,” Dean groans.
“Dean,” Castiel says, inches from Dean’s face. Apparently angels don’t understand personal space. “I brought you some lunch.”
“I’m not an angel. I literally didn’t know you guys existed until last week. So you're losing your memory. So am I. It happens when you get old,” Dean says, trying to comfort Cas.
Dean flails around. Tries to get some leverage but two wings pin his arms. He struggles. He can’t get up.
This feels different. It’s a little hard to stargaze, there are lights from the other campsites. Dean can see the stars all the same as he lays on the roof of the camper. The guidebook was right. Zion is beautiful.
“I need some time,” Dean answers.
The guy narrows his eyes at Dean, gestures for him to lean in.
“Dean, bears are extremely rare in Kansas,” Cas says.
As Castiel pounds Dean into the mattress that night, Dean really does wonder if that little display earlier was some kind of mating ritual.
“I believe we’re going the wrong way,” Cas points out, leaning forward from the backseat.
There’s not a lot of privacy in a camper. They change next to each other, respectfully not looking, of course. Dean can’t help but see it out of the corner of his eye. A tattoo on Cas’s ribs, in a script he has never seen.
Jack lights up as they take the keys. Jack’s got an appreciation for classic cars, thanks to Dean. Cas still drives the same awful pimpmobile he did a decade ago. Dean wonders if he keeps it running to spite Dean.
Dean isn’t surprised. It’s Cas. Makes sense he owns a nursery with someone who tried to kill him.
“Come on, sunshine,” Dean says, throwing Cas’s pants at his head. “Breakfast isn’t gonna make itself.”
Instead, he grabs a six pack, opens the camper door, and sits on the stairs. The beer tastes awful. Some cheap crud he bought days ago. It will do. Cas is standing across the visitor center parking lot. He’s talking on the phone to Jack presumably.
Dean looks over, “You’re soul done cooking?”
Dean is a little uneasy. He has scraped by all his life. Now he’s relying on Cas to cover his expenses. Cas had offered and assured Dean he could well afford the cost. Dean had protested, he really had. Cas’s soft smile and the reassurance that he wanted to give this to Dean was all it took for him to give in though. He’ll make it up to Cas in a few years.
“You,” Cas hisses, “have been doing nothing but staring at me for weeks. I want you to explain why.”
Castiel continues to fuck him.
“Heya Cas. Nice to see you. Gotta run,” Dean blurts out. He turns on his heels, the wheels of his cart screeching as he rushes back the way he came.
Okay. So Cas probably doesn’t want to get rid of Dean. This was a relief.
Dean leans against the classroom door, trying to force down the kale wrap Sam had given him. Kale was bad enough but it has hummus and guacamole, an unsettling combination. The shabby structure Dean remembers has been refurbished into a proper learning space with attached offices. Sam is beginning construction on the new workshop, after he nearly blew a hole in the wall during one of Eileen’s ASL classes.
Cas shakes his head, “No. It’s a mainstream cruise line. They’re having a themed Mischief and Magic sailing this summer. He is quite pleased with himself. Apparently these cruises sell out well in advance but he was able to weasel his way into reserving a block of rooms.”
Dean’s eyes snap up, “No, I just, are you sure? There’s no going back...” Dean trails off.
Cas reaches across the counter and squeezes Dean’s hand, “He’ll be okay Dean. He woke up with a slight fever. Michael’s been keeping him company.”
The flannels are tempting. Cas pulls him along, “You already have plenty.”
He had a family.
Sam smirks, “You really are gone on him. I mean I knew that but I was not prepared for how bad you have it for Cas.”
Dean gives a quiet laugh, turning away to hide his smile. “Thanks, Cas.”
The kid shallows hard. There’s something about Cas when he lets his powers bleed though that really radiates I’m a celestial being energy. Dean finds it kinda hot.
Cas deflates, “Tiring. Tanya came down with the flu so Nora’s been out. I’ve been on the night shift three times this week. Gabriel and Michael are at each other’s throats. The furnace at home broke. Mrs. Quakers developed a case of bumblefoot. We’re out of nacho cheese for the hotdogs and pretzels until at least next week. I’ve had multiple customers regurgitate on freshly mopped floors. The slushy machine keeps breaking, despite my best efforts to fix it and the light bulbs keep exploding. And Jack is under the weather.”
“Jack has long dreamed of going to college. I am so proud of him and so happy to watch him grow into adulthood. I cannot say it has been a completely smooth transition for me. Raising Jack has always been my sole focus here. I have been somewhat wistful as of late.” Cas says, his smile barely fading.
Cas returns to find Jack cinching his sleeping bag to the pack frame. “Text me when you get to the trailhead please,” He tells Jack as he hands him the water filter.
“What gives you that idea?” Dean chokes out.
Dean is the human in this situation. He knows what normal human behavior is. Sure, his teens were spent desperately trying to raise Sam since Dad was gone most of the time. There was also the part where he has been hunting constantly since he was a child.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a while. Dean lets silence settle between them.
“I do apologize Dean. I sensed you weren’t truly hurt. If you would have been harmed in any way, I would not have hesitated to kill the intruder. Becoming human has taught me restraint  though,” Castiel says. He smooths back the hair stuck on Dean’s forehead and gently places a kiss on his temple.
“I am awake, Dean,” Cas mumbles. “I’m just…"
Dean is pretty sure his heart is going to pound right out of his chest. He wants to tell Cas he loves him. Instead he gapes at Cas like a fish. Cas throws his arms around Dean and hugs him tight.
“Yeah. Yeah. Maybe once we’re done with our roadtrip of self-discovery,” Dean says. He makes Sam promise that his list of additional questions for Cas would be under one hundred.
There’s a cough from behind him, “Dean Winchester, I hear everybody is talkin’ about you these days.”
Dr. Mills waits patiently until Dean can finally collect himself. He awkwardly coughs, “So uh, what, uh, triggers it to fire back up?”
“You into canning? My wife was. Women could make the best damn jams around. You can have em’ if you want.”
Of course it was Dean’s luck that his angel is a son of a bitch.
Dean finally lets go of his wrist and Cas immediately misses the contact. “Was your day shit as well?”
“I am truly sorry. I thought you understood what the flowers meant and didn’t feel the same way. I was happy to have you as we were,” Cas murmurs, not knowing what else to say.
Classic blunder on this kid’s part. Cas isn’t amused though. The lights flicker rapidly. He leans across the counter, right into the assbutt’s face. “I won’t ask twice.”
“Yeah?”
They plan to spend one more day here before traveling on to the Sawtooth Range. It’s out of the way but Cas insisted they needed to actually camp. Spend some time in nature. Apparently they weren’t getting enough already.
Cas should ask for clarification but doesn't bother. Gabriel has never been one to give clear answers and Cas has more important things to worry about right now, like the fact that he has installed the wheel tracks for the drawer backwards.
Dean sits and stares at the pages of research notes before him. This is always his luck. He gets a contract to research a supernatural creature that’s ridiculously rare. He can’t just dig around the research databases that he pays good money for. No, Dean had to search through what feels like every damn book he owns and the dozen he checked out from the university. Mercifully, this research doesn’t require him to sit in the archives for hours on end.
They’re eating dinner in Castiel’s kitchen. It’s a small space, no dining table. Just a counter with stools to sit at. It’s more than enough for the two of them though. Dean really only goes to his cabin to sleep.
“What about Craters of the Moon?” Cas asks, holding up the map on this phone.
There’s another pulse from the back of his head. It doesn’t hurt this time. “I mean, yeah.”
“Okay, great. We’ll be there in twenty. Don’t get eaten by bears or anything.”
The night air is temperate around them as Dean leads them past his workshop, towards the forested part of the property.
Dean usually had them over at this place, it had the space and Dean’s multiple grills. However, Dean asked to have one over at the townhouse. Just the two of them. It wasn’t that unusual. Dean may want to marathon Dr.Sexy undisturbed. Bobby had decided to come to visit Dean for several months. Cas suspects that Bobby may make the trip to Kansas permanent since they were both happier but they would probably need to buy another TV.
Cas is living the life he’s chosen, faults and all. The times he needs help being human, Dean is there. Cas isn’t alone this time.
“Very funny. Everyone in this family is a damn comedian,” Dean grumbles. “You need something bud?”
“I’m so sorry Dean.”
“They are purely decorative at this point. Part of me will always be different. I am human in every way that matters,” Cas says, still lying in bed. He’s always slow to rise.
Dean averts Cas’s gaze, “I left Cas. There’s plenty of people who aren’t involved in this life. Who don't go chasing after monsters.”
Eileen smirked at him as she signed,
Dean throws back the last of his beer, “Ain’t exactly got a lot of experience.”
He leans against the cab, shoving a day-old muffin into his mouth. He really needs to cook actual food. The sun hangs low in the sky, evening fast approaching. The other travelers around him come and go. Well, if they can. There’s a woman with an RV that’s given out.
Dean sits, looking at the paper in front of him. This is important. He’s trying to raise an upstanding citizen. Dean will show him the error of his ways.
It gives Dean the excuse to constantly refer to Cas as his husband. Cas approves, if his little delighted shiver was anything to go by.  Dean now has an excuse to introduce Jack as his son too. Step-son, if Dean really wants to get technical
Cas made roast lamb tonight. He’s been trying out recipes to offer his guests. Dean doesn’t mind being a guinea pig.
“I mean, Bobby is being a royal pain in the ass. He looked out for me when I was a kid. He got hurt real bad in a car accident back in March. I’ve been trying to take care of him but he’s up in Sioux Falls. It's been hard. You think it's that?”
Dean squirms a little. His shoulder itches. He tries to ignore it.
He can hear Sam say. Fuck him.
He opens his mouth, but Dean cuts him off, “Don’t. Don’t you dare apologize Cas. It was unexpected and I wish I didn’t get the shits but it’s mine. The doc’ said this was like half a Bond The itchin’ is because it wants to complete the Bonding. Not that you have to or anything.”
Cas studies Dean, “Are you sure?”
Dean snapped back to reality. “Felt my what? Fuck man, what form are you in now? Huh? Holy gas station attendant?
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s curious though. He wants to know Cas but he doesn't want to scare him away by prying.
Dean’s alarm goes off an hour later. He regrettably gets out of bed, stuffs another muffin in his mouth and gets out of the camper to resume his drive. Trench Coat is still there, staring at his pimpmobile, as if his gaze will miraculously cause it to start.
Cas had informed him one night, after too many craft beers that he’d taken a doula course back when Kelly was pregnant and found the lack of information on Nephilim distressful. He’d been collecting information on the topic for a few years. He had expanded out his research to include much of the supernatural.
Dean leans over the sink, splashing cold water in his face. It doesn't really help. He feels raw, like an exposed nerve. As if Cas could see through him and discover his feelings. Maybe he’d be repulsed by them and tell Dean to leave.
“Whatever makes you happy, sweetheart. And an endowment? They got funders now?” Dean asks.
“Well, technically we don’t have to be married to qualify for a mortgage but it makes the process easier,” Dean squeaks out. Did he just ask Cas to marry him? Because it sounded like he just asked Cas to marry him.
“Sure, why the hell not.”
“And you, What do you want?” Cas asks, capping the sunscreen, seemingly satisfied with the metric fuckton he has rubbed into Dean’s skin. He’s not asking about the road trip.
Before Dean could ask, Castiel waved his hand ever so slightly and the stains disappeared from the flannel. Poof. Gone. The puddle of slushy on the floor was gone.
Dean knows where this is going and he doesn’t like it.  “I sure as hell wasn’t helpful. I moped around for months and then pissed off to Vegas.”
Gabriel’s not the only one with access to small town gossip. He and Meg bonded over being forced to attend summer bible camp when they were kids. She works at the diner in town and tells Cas that Dean eats there every Friday with Sam when he inquires. She gives him a wink. Odd.
But a friend of Bobby’s had asked for help. A bunch of folks who lived up in an old logging town on the coast. Folks started going missing or dying with bizarre trauma to the head. Authorities chalked it up to natural causes or getting lost. That was obviously a complete load of horseshit.
Dean has maybe thought about possibly moving out. With Cas and Jack. Get a house with actual windows so Cas has some place to put his houseplant collection. Dean could build him some raised beds for the garden he mentioned wanting.
Dean’s not over the hand holding thing but it’s with dawning horror that Dean realizes what he’s agreed to. He’s gonna spend two weeks with his best friend and the love of his life in a tiny cabin. He’s not going to be able to hold the line. He’ll confess his feelings and probably fuck up whatever they have going. He pretty sure if Cas wanted him he would have made a move by now.
It’s March and officially one year since Dean met his angel. Doing this today seems appropriate.
“You’re also not subtle about checking out men. Or telling me how attractive you find Dr.Sexy.”
He approaches with the hat. Cas freezes and watches as Dean gingerly places it on his head.
“Do you wanna make out? It’s cool if you don’t. Wasn’t sure about angel etiquette or preference you know.”
“There is no need for alarm Dean, the engine simply overheated. I was about to call AAA for assistance.”
Cas and Dean are left alone.
She smirks, pulling a print out from her pocket. It’s got pictures and everything,
“I am well aware that what Cas and I have is, well it’s a little gay,” Dean responds. He’s grown as a person over the years, he can admit that now. He should get a prize.
Cas catches him glancing at the signs.
“Sir?” The cashier, the handsome one, had come running over. “Sir, are you okay?” He squeezed Dean’s shoulder tight, concerned Dean had done serious brain damage colliding with the machine. Slushy continued to drip everywhere as other customers stopped what they were doing to gawk at Dean.
Sam doesn’t say anything. He knows better to interrupt Dean when he is attempting to have a genuine conversation, “I'm gonna get my teaching credentials. Like, actual legitimate ones, from a college. Blowing up your house is a great skill for hunting to have but I think we could offer more general ed stuff. Not quite sure on the model here but you know help with education, job training, shit like that. I know it’s not directly related to the supernatural but a lot of us in this world are down on our luck. I think we can help. I want to help.”
“I took a “Thriving with Teens” course when Jack turned thirteen,” Cas says. Damn, he really is a mind reader.
“I love you Dad.”
Dean squirms. Castiel is sincere in a way that disarms Dean most days. He tries to deflect, “Thanks. You know most people usually tell me it’s fine. That I was just stressed or something.” Dean knows it’s a shit excuse. A lot of things he’s done in his life aren’t fine.
Dean waits.
“I can’t feel my fingers,” Dean says, the bed dipping as he shifts around.
Cas doesn’t look all that surprised, “We’re going to hustle pool?”
No matter, Dean frees himself after a herculean effort.
As usual Cas is fast asleep. Nothing much has changed since they upgraded their relationship from travel buddies to boyfriends. They kissed more and Cas was shameless about snuggling in bed but Cas hadn't gotten handsy with him. It seemed just a Cas thing but Dean was thankful right now.
It was a little niche but Cas had grand plans to make it a series that included other supernatural beings.
Game night doesn’t go as planned. Jack ends up destroying them.
“Strange, Jody? Half the people in this damn town are strange.”
Singer’s Automotive is closed for the night. Repairs will have to wait until morning. Dean had planned to drive past Jackson, stopping only for gas and a place to dump his wastewater. Camping sites were always hard to come by in these places, but most times Dean can find some place to pull off for the night. The problem is Cas doesn't have any place to go. So they sit in the parking lot, eating the last of the stale muffins and some ramen Dean cooked three days ago.
Dean grimaces, “I’m good. Super.” Dean’s earlier mood is gone, replaced with nervous, unsettled energy.
“Did you have another way for me to show my appreciation in mind?
Cas is only human. He embraces Dean, hugging him as tightly as possible. He’s allowed that much.
Dean throws Cas’s sensible shoes on the floor but folds the pants. Cas doesn’t need wrinkles in his work pants. Dean curses himself when he remembers the lube is the glovebox. He hurls himself over the bench seat to awkwardly retrieve it, tossing it to Cas.
Dean scratches his shoulder. “Kinda have for a while. Cas, you don’t have to agree to anything at all. But I needed to say something because there’s really no other way to interpret my mark and I didn't want it to get awkward”
Plus Castiel seemed like a good dad. He saw Claire and Jack off on the school bus every morning and spent a lot of time with them. Claire was a pre-teen, going through a too cool for school phase. There was one memorable afternoon when she tried to talk her dad into teaching her how to throw knives. Jack followed Castiel around like a shadow. Dean was pretty sure they were a witch, the way they carried around a snake all the time.
For his 40th birthday, Dean decides to retire.
It’s just Dean’s luck though that he ends up near broke in Mount Shasta.
Dean wiggles his eyebrows, as he takes the lube from Cas and spreads an absurd amount of over the dildo. “You love it, sunshine.”
Dean peers out the window, across the field to the pit he helped Sam dig. It’s now a crater.
“Quick question, You’re my boyfriend right?”
“We do not concern ourselves with the affairs of humans, Dean Winchester, but We know what you want,” The chorus had sung.
“No. Cas you are not considering going. Absolutely not," Dean warns.
When Dean bought the place twelve years ago, most of the interior was straight out of the ’70s. There were sigils painted in blood on the walls that wouldn’t come out. Those details didn’t bother Dean. It had a master bedroom that was big enough for a king-size memory foam mattress. It had a garage for Baby. No HOA. It was perfect.
So what if Cas had been in love with him. Dean was the first to really understand him back then. It made sense that Cas would imprint on him.
Cas gestures at his intrepid car, “What happened to your, and I quote, “give em’ hell attitude.” I do recall you claiming you can fix anything. You’re being defeatist because you don’t like Jubilee.”
It shocks him how easily the words flow, “Button-down, pressed pants, sensible shoes and this god-awful trench coat. Makes him easy to spot in a crowd. And the ties. This motherfuc...he’s got like a million ties. He has a son, Jack. Great kid. He’s so much like Cas. Spooky almost. I’m tryin’ to steer Jack in the right direction. The kid hadn’t seen
They make it to New Mexico in the fall. As they head towards Albuquerque after touring the Very Large Array, Dean decides to finally tell Sam he’ll be in Lawrence soon. It’s been far too long since he has seen his brother and Eileen. More pressingly, he is still trying to find the words to tell Sam he won’t be staying.
Eileen is definitely not going to allow him to throw any knives in the wall anymore. He doesn’t need to. He reads guidebooks like a chump and makes honest to god plans with his boyfriend like a functioning human being instead of a retired hunter who is having a midlife crisis.
Dr. Mills sits down on the tiny stool and taps her clipboard, “I see you teach industrial arts at Lawrence High. My daughter went there. It’s a good school.”
Farm is a strong word. It’s ten acres of overgrown fields and one dilapidated barn. The farmhouse is in rough condition. Cas isn’t even sure why he wanted to move out here for a year during his sabbatical. He’s perfectly capable of writing and conducting his research back in the city but his work has been draining the last few years. He wants a chance to just get away.
Dean swallowed, trying to play it cool. “Are you a witch? One with a weird-ass sense of humor. Come on, angels aren’t real. I don’t know how you Vulcan mind-melded with me but I don’t think you’re an actual angel, okay. Look, it’s an expression. You know for when...fuck man, I thought you were kinda hot.”
“There are methods to reverse the process.”
Cas raises his eyebrows in confusion, “That’s what pie filling is for.”
“Yeah. You do. We do you big ol’ sap.”
“I’m glad you liked the course,” Dean tells the guy, he doesn’t need to piss him off.
Jody shrugs, “I don’t need you to know anything. I just need you to do what I tell you.”
“Don’t get smart with me,” Dean says. “We’ll visit of course. Someone’s gotta make sure you don’t destroy the entire state in some magic related catastrophe.”
He pushes his jeans down far enough to get his cock out to slick himself up. He positions himself against Cas’s entrance and almost cracks up at the sight beneath him. Cas is just Winnie the Poohing it with his vest still buttoned up and tie flung over his shoulder. It shouldn’t be sexy but it is. Cas is always so beautiful.
Dean awkwardly shuffles past Cas and walks down into the bathroom. He’s red as a tomato. He can feel the sweat on his forehead and the back of his neck. His heart is racing. Jesus Christ. He’s got it bad.
“Cas, it’s summer.”
Dean pats Cas on the shoulder, “So you’ve got empty nest syndrome. Happens to the best of us.”
The worst one by far was the one where his soulmate ruined a perfectly good hamburger by smearing godawful condiments on it. He’d woken up in a cold sweat that night.
Cas huffs, “Jack, I think you are far too good natured to be Mewtwo. I feel you are more similar to Mew. If anyone here is Mewtwo arguably, it would be me. ”
What Dean did was stare at the photo for a moment before forcing out the world’s weakest “Thanks, pal” before awkwardly shoving it into his wallet, next to the photograph of Sam and him as kids with Mom.
Dean busies himself with making eggs as Cas gets his ass out of bed. He showers and puts on fresh clothes. He smells faintly of Dean’s shampoo.
As he drifts off to sleep, Dean nuzzles against his neck. “Can I ask you, something sweetheart?”
The hike is shorter and less steep than Dean thought. He read the guidebook but was prepared to ascend a mountain. It’s a brisk walk up a large hill with a lot of switchbacks, the worst invention known to mankind. They find a place to rest below the overlook.
I am sorry. I shouldn’t have said that shit. You wanted to go live your life and you did. I’m working through some bulltshit but that’s not on you
Or at least he was three weeks ago. Cas was definitely going to tell him he found himself a new man or he was promoted and was moving to go work in a more modern, sexier Gas-n-Sip.
Married life is pretty good so far.
After apparently ruling out something physically ailing his soul, he’s afraid she’s gonna ask about his childhood.
Jack flaps off a few days later. Dean made them all pizza the night before. Homemade too, none of the frozen shit. They play monopoly again and Jack wins after a grueling battle.
“Angels are watching over you.”
As they wait for Benny, Cas and Jack attempt to justify the smart car. It’s economic, environmentally friendly, and very adorable. Dean is unmoved. It’s “too wimpy.” This man can be so absurd at times.
“I was being supportive!”
“I’ve already committed fraud with you. Hustling pool hardly seems worse,” Cas says. The AAA thing was not fraud. A little white lie, at most.
The feathery fucker lands in front of Dean, wings held out in a threat posture. He looks Dean over. Dean can see the contempt. Perhaps he considers Dean not even worth mocking before he rips him apart atom-by-atom.
“As I told you, it isn’t a secret. I trust your brother will have the necessary discretion. I appreciate your concern though,” Cas says before returning to the grave matter before him.
If Dean wasn’t an asshole he wouldn’t have favorites but he is. Anna is the best since she’s essentially Cas. Of all Cas’s non-magical birds, however, Colette is his favorite. They’ve gotten along ever since Dean first met her. He figures she has a thing for hunters. The Galah belonged to Cas’s dearly departed husband. Maybe he and Dean radiated the same energy.
Dean swallows. He desperately tries to think but nothing comes to mind.
After Dean is ready, it takes all his concentration to get his harness situated and the dildo in place. His hands shake as he slides the condom down the shaft. Getting it properly slicked up without squirting lubrication across the bedsheets now seems like an impossible task.
It was awful to leave like that but Dean felt trapped. He needed a way out.
Cas hasn’t talked a lot about how he makes a living. That suits Dean just fine. Dean’s not too eager to share either.
He had some furniture delivered. He spends far too long putting it together. Gabriel comes over and tells him that he should have gotten a PhD in power tools instead of history.
All he wants to do is go home and watch Jeopardy with Jack. But as fate would have it, today was the day his Lincoln Continental’s engine overheated on the drive home.
Dean almost cracks up. “Are you asking if I had wet dreams?
“Yeah. Of course. Good thinking.’” Dean mutters. He stands up and tugs it off in one fluid motion.
Cas is a warm weight against his back. For some reason, Dean hasn’t had nightmares. He’s always been plagued by bad dreams. Occupational hazard. Now he doesn’t dream so much as sleep. A whole eight hours.
“By what?”
Dean jerks his head down. The inflamed patch of skin is no longer an oval, it’s taken on a much more distinct shape. The outline of a handprint.
“So are we gonna continue on our road trip of self discovery?” Dean inquires, wiggling his eyebrows.
Dean slides into the driver’s seat after Cas gets him to settle in between them. They listen intently to Jack’s detailed account of the past few days. Dean reaches over to gently squeeze Cas’s shoulder. He’s with his family again.
Dean was sure pulling the essence of creation out of a cosmic wavelength of celestial intent would involve at least some powerful spell using forbidden magic.
Travel buddies definitely slept in the same bed, told each other their most intimate secrets, and made plans for the future.
“Kinda,” Dean says. It’s the best explanation he can think of.
“Call me, Dean. Promise me that,” Sam tells him as he hugs Dean good-bye.
“Night Cas.”
“Kinda hard to miss it since you hauled me around the exhibits and read each and every sign aloud,” Dean says, shaking his head.
Jack smiles at both of them. “Hey, I’ve got an important thing to discuss with everyone.”
Cas makes him take an online home buying class. Dean just wants to move but Cas insists they can qualify for a larger home loan if they complete the class. Some state program for first-time home buyers.
Bobby’s presence had certainly improved Dean’s spirits. He had already drawn up plans to build Bobby his own place on the property. Recovering from the illness that plagued him had also helped immensely. The only symptom that remained was the itchy shoulder. Cas makes a mental note to give Dean more of the oat milk lavender lotion he liked.
Cas leans in close, “I will remind you, I do know magic. Now, Balthazar isn’t bringing a significant other…”
Not a good sign. Dean walks inside as Meg starts to argue with her customer.
Dean had promised to help Jack repair his damaged chain after he got back from his trip but Dean’s last text didn’t say anything about that. Did it? He and Dean had been conversing about a roadside burger establishment Dean was not satisfied with. The last text Cas received was a lengthy review of the bacon burger. He frantically pulls it up, scanning for any details he missed.
“I’m still very confused, Dean. What?” Cas' voice had taken on the annoyed tone that Dean loved egging on and he bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
“But Aberia…” Debriel began to argue, stepping forward and away from the other Angels, his hand extended toward her.
“You’re sure you okay to do this? Maybe we could…” Dean began.
"Is he coming home?" Jack added quietly as he looked from Sam to Dean, his eyes full of hope. Dean took his beer and sat down calmly at the table. He was enjoying dangling the good news in front of them and they both came to sit down across from him.
“These humans are better warriors than you may ever be, and they do it with no special powers or wings. Dean and Sam were both chosen by Heaven as hosts to Archangels. Jack is the child of an Archangel. Mary is one of the best hunters in the world through sheer training and willpower. I do not have time to list all the ways they could best you. Let that be enough. You would do well to show them some respect.” Castiel nodded to Dean and he lowered the blade and stepped to Cas’ side.
“Wasn't planning to if I could help it,” Cas murmured, and Sam bit back a laugh.
“Where…where the Hell has this Cas been?” Dean said in a breathless squeak as Castiel ripped his long sleeved flannel off and literally ripped his t-shirt from his body. Oh shit.
“Is it time?” Dean said with a flutter of pushed down anxiety only Cas would pick up on. Castiel mourned the soft, relaxed feel of Dean’s body only moments ago. Now he felt every muscle in Dean’s body pulled taut as a string. Anger welled up in him again. How dare they take away what little peace Dean had.
Dean winked as he slid his palms along his thighs teasingly. “Practice makes perfect, sweetheart.”
“Happy New Year Cas and Dean!” the text read. They both realized it was midnight by the time on their phones. They both smiled as they sat their phones down.
with before we got here?” Jody rolled her eyes playfully and tried to fight back a grin.
“Mom, it’s just a vamp. One. Uno. I’ll take care of it myself if you’d rather wait outside for Bobby,” Dean grumbled as he checked that everything was where it should be.
Jack walked in moments later, having tried to give Dean a few moments of his own before including himself. Castiel smiled happily as his protégé entered. The other Angels looked on with further hesitation.
“I mean, did you see…” Sam was leaned over speaking with Mary when Dean and Castiel entered. Dean cleared his throat and Sam startled slightly. “Crap. I can’t get used to you being able to do that again, Cas.”
“Yeah. Kid deserves some fun after the year he’s had,” Dean murmured as he saved the photo in his phone.
“And that makes it better?” Cas growled out as he gripped his hands together. “I can never atone for the things I’ve done. I’m not the one you should be looking to for help to design new Angels.  I am immensely flawed and seem to do nothing but make things worse…”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to offend…” Castiel’s low rumble of voice came from the door.
Cas, his shoulders rolled forward menacingly and his eyes tight with anger, raised an eyebrow as he locked eyes her with. “Though I have no more authority in Heaven or over you, I suggest for your sake you take it as such.”
“Just cake today,” Cas added with a now apologetic smile as Dean tried to hide his displeasure at the woman’s comment. “I suppose we could get a cake and cupcakes since we will have company…Dean?”
“Then stop running from me,” Dean said, amusement sinking into his slurred tone now.
“You get her number?”
Cas shrugged and removed the pillow, looking down at him with pure love, and Dean couldn’t restrain himself from brushing back a stray strand of hair as he smiled. “I’m fairly certain everyone in the bunker would have gotten very tired of the noise and the broken lightbulbs, Dean.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said as he leaned back. Dean opened his eyes and could not control a grin of his own as he looked at his Angel.
Castiel sighed and composed his thoughts a moment, frustrated at his inability to make her understand. “ I served Heaven faithfully for a very long time. Heaven was what I was created to serve, but it is not my home.. It is nothing but a painful reminder of everything. I’m sure when I am not around that Naomi has probably hinted at terrible things I have done. Am I right?”
“I’m yours, Dean,” Cas whispered out, his voice a spark in Dean’s ear as his chest heaved with need. “Let yourself go. You’re safe here with me. I swear it. This is your Heaven. You can do anything you want. Have
Castiel nodded his head at Dean, acknowledging he wasn’t wrong. “Mary, she has done many terrible things in the name of protecting Heaven but by far her biggest sin in my eyes was her stealing my memories and turning me against Sam and Dean…. She had me practice murdering Dean thousands upon thousands of times. She is a dangerous, manipulative, bitch as Dean has so eloquently described her.”
Dean laid the menu down on the dresser to his left and toed off his shoes. “Nah, let’s get unpacked first. I’m still good from the snack stop we had when we got gas. Sam dragged my ass out of bed so early, I might just like to watch some tv for a bit….unless you want to go do something? I don’t want you to be bored.”
Jody stepped forward, putting herself between Cas and Mary. “Look, Mary, I know I’m not Dean’s mom but-“
Dean stared up at the white ceiling panels above him and the counted the tiles. There were 30 full tiles in this room. He’d counted them ten times already, but sleep wasn’t going to find him. He knew he needed to sleep. Other hunters would need to rest soon, and it was his shift to rest…but it just wasn’t coming. He shifted on the gym mats he’d arranged on the floor and stared at the shadows of the desk and chair they’d shoved against the wall to make floor space. The door to the room was propped open so he could keep an ear on the noise of the evacuees. There was a small honey colored stream of light coming from the propped open door and no movement to indicate anyone was there, but Dean shifted his legs and stared at the crack of open door. He just knew….
“I won’t be bullied into letting you make drunken decisions you will surely regret, Dean,” Cas said as he crossed his arms over his chest, hiding the fact that he was digging his nails into his palms in a desperate bid for self-control.
What he didn't expect was Dean's blunt reply. “So, you’re gay?”
Dean huffed. “We were going to do this when we got back…”
“It was an accidental oversight. Dean has been distracted with caring for me. I know it seems strange, but going from Angel to human, my senses are overwhelmed…As an Angel I was able to just file away unnecessary sounds, feelings, etc., As a human, it’s more of a learned skill to be able to control my emotions and be able to process things. The air conditioner blowing on my skin, an itch on my arm. None of these were things I dealt with before. I can’t fully help anyone to understand and though I have been through this once before, it does not seem to be making it any easier. Having someone around has helped though.” Cas looked to Dean then, his face radiating gratefulness to the point that those on the couch squirmed in discomfort at the intimacy. Everyone was quiet, letting Cas' body catch up to the current events that they were safe until Jack cleared his throat.
That label didn't sit fully right with Cas but he stewed on it as he stalled. “Angels don’t typically have a sexuality, because they don’t see humans as potential mates…I mean besides Lucifer, Gabriel and Balthazar…and Anna.”
------------------
Chuck was sitting at the drawing table, jotting notes and sketching when Castiel popped back into the room. He seemed more than a bit flustered from the trip having not traveled so rapidly in quite a few years. Castiel braced himself against the wall to stabilize himself.  Chuck didn’t move from his seat but his voice clearly indicated he knew he was there.
“Oh, go to Hell, Debriel,” Aberia barked back. Debriel laughed and playfully brushed her with his wings. “Nah, but the Commander’s been I hear. Like to actual Hell and back!” he added with excitement in his tone.
The Shadow stood up abruptly, making the table tip slightly. He glared down at the others, making Dean even more sure he’d never have confused his Cas with this one. “You’re lucky today, Castiel, but I’m patient, and with the rate you seem to die, I’ll see you again, and you won’t have Go….Chuck, to bail you out one of these days,” He murmured as he stormed off. “Don’t even see why he keeps wasting his time saving you…”
Dean pulled out one of the many credit cards in his wallet that matched his current fake ID and he handed both to her, smiling to try to put her at ease after her embarrassment. "That sounds perfect..." He scanned her shirt for her name tag and read it aloud. "Dawn. Thank you."
“The kid wants to know, so tell him,” Dean said as he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall again. Cas looked to Sam for support, but Sam gave a shrug. They both knew Dean when he was in this type of mood, and that there was no safe exit strategy.
Castiel huffed an angry breath out of his nose. “Heaven has made it very clear over the years they do NOT need me. Only now…”
Dean’s forehead creased as he thought more about it. He shook his head softly in disbelief. “Well, fuck, I didn’t ask to be punished too, and why the Hell do you care what those dicks think anymore? They’re not your real family. Look what they’ve done to you…and Chuck? Cas, I really don’t think Chuck cares who you are with. Some of the things he talked about when he was here…” Dean shuddered visibly.
“Who is she?” the bartender said with an understanding smile as she leaned on the bar. She glanced down and saw everyone was satisfied so she gave her attention back to Dean. “I see a lot of glum faces here. She stand you up?”
“Avoid touching me. You’re not as slick as you think you are, Angel.”
“They love each other. It hurts them to be apart,” Jack said matter-of-factly. His forehead creased in confusion as to why they didn’t see what he saw.
“Answer it, Dean,” he growled out.
“When do you have to go back?” Jack added quietly.
Dean cleared his throat and swallowed hard in an attempt to find his words. “Then you know what you have to do. What we have to do, and it’s time we get it done.”
He hadn’t had a moment alone with Cas since everything went down, not with five angels crowded around him at all times. He eventually given it up and gone to his own bedroom last night, hoping that Cas would come to him when the work was done but when he awoke the next morning, it was clear his Angel had not come to him in the night.  He was further disappointed when he found Cas and Aberia talking softly in a corner of the library. It had taken Dean a bit by surprise when Castiel had pulled him aside and asked his permission to let Aberia stay with them a couple of weeks.
Cas leaned forward quickly, putting a hand on the back of Dean’s head and pulling him closer. Their lips met, swallowing up whatever Dean was about to say. Their first kiss was warm and wet and tasted of the good Scotch Dean had shared with only him while everyone else raided the beer in the fridge. Dean’s hands moved, one to rest on Cas’ waist and the other to rest at Cas’ upper back as his tongue teased open his lips and deepened it to more than one chaste kiss. Cas' fingers gently tugged at Dean's hair as the kiss lingered and Dean's hand moved down his spine. When they finally parted for air, Dean sighed in great relief as his eyes devoured Cas’ face and his thumb gently stroked his cheek.
"Debriel!" Aberia hissed out with warning at his question but Castiel sighed softly and gestured for them group to stop. Aberia's jaw was tight with displeasure at the decision as she glanced behind them, nervousness and self preservation urging her forward.
Sam shook his head firmly and stood by him as Dean pulled open the Demon’s shirt and began to carve a binding sigil into his chest. The demon screamed out, but Dean’s face remained blank as he finished his task robotically. When he was done he stepped back, careful to not disturb the paint line of the devil’s trap.
“And we have at least two full days more of it. Sleep, Cas. I’ll watch over you,” Dean said with a wink that made Cas roll his eyes, but he nodded as his tiredness now took his body from one emotion to the next.
Cas raised an eyebrow and walked closer to him, peering into the duffel with concern. “I mean, it wouldn’t be the first time for me, but why?”
“What’s wrong?” Sam said from the backseat, his hand finding his seat belt and flinging it off.
“Fuck, Cas…. yes, you damned tease,” Dean groaned and let out a soft laugh.
“I don’t do it because I have to,” Castiel said softly into the safety of his alcove.
“Yes, you serving as a vessel for Lucifer to kill his sister would be considered having a bit of history,” Naomi said with disgust in her tone.
“ANGELS!” screamed the demons in a terrified chorus. Their shrieks combined with the voices of the Angels made Dean sure his ears were bleeding. He could even feel the warmth of the blood sliding down the side of his face.
Cas’ pants were around his ankles, one leg hanging off the back seat as he laid across the length of it, while Dean crouched on his knees between his legs, his mouth eagerly wrapped around his dick. With his shirt unbuttoned and his tie lying against his exposed flesh, Castiel made a debauched sight as he braced his hand against the back of the driver’s seat.
Castiel nodded in agreement. “Heaven has long spread false rumors about me, Aberia. They could not comprehend why I would choose to stay with Sam and Dean if my reasons were not purely self-satisfying and pleasure seeking. The irony of that is that my years on earth have been fairly unpleasant.”
Castiel held his head in his hands and murmured, “Thousands…”
Dean was very much regretting his attitude now. “Do you want me to beg, Cas?”
“You did. You did,” Dean said with a laugh. He’d tried to hide how he'd been struggling over the year. They’d drug him out hunting and he’d done his best to carry on, but he’d been pretty careless he could admit now. He was lucky to be alive and he considered himself doubly lucky to have Cas here tonight. He was feeling like a sentimental sap. He squeezed Cas’ hand under the table again and Cas looked to him with a cocked head, confusion in his eyes. Dean shook his head minutely.
“Just me…” Castiel said without making eye contact. He stared straight ahead as if his answers lay in the small stretch of illuminated road before him.
“What can I do for you now before we have to head back?” Cas shimmed his underwear and pants up from his ankles but left the button undone as he sat up, his hair a wild halo around his head that made Dean grin wildly.
“I will always come back to you, Dean. You are my home,” Castiel said with assurance ringing in his tone as he pulled Dean down with his hand on his neck now.
“A law that could cause you to fall is pretty damn important, Cas,” Dean growled out as he crumpled a change of clothes in his hand.
Chuck gave his attention to the waiter now, the storm clouds in his eyes from earlier now gone, leaving nothing but a friendliness Dean knew did not always lurk beneath the surface.  “Three steaks, best cut. Medium all around? Okay great. Thanks,” Chuck ushered him off again without waiting for Dean or Castiel to answer.
Dean shivered at Cas’ words and the Angel took that moment to gently lay himself on top of Dean. They were skin to skin for the first time and it was intoxicating. Cas rolled Dean to his side and they resumed exploring each other with their mouths. Hands found and cherished mutual scars. Teeth nipped along necks, shoulders, anywhere their mouths could reach. Dean figured out quickly Cas had a thing for ears, and he took that to full advantage, sucking his earlobe into his mouth and nipping at it at frequent intervals. Cas would then dig his nails into Dean’s back, which definitely did it for him. It was an endless cycle of give and take and they were lost in being together. They were drunk on each other’s skin, both being so desperately touch starved. In the very back of his mind, Dean knew he’d never experienced anything like this, even though no sex had been had. He’d used sex as a distraction most of adult life, never letting him feel safe in another’s arms. With Cas, he felt utterly safe…but he wasn’t sure how to move them forward, his own erection an exclamation point between his legs urging him forward. Cas was obviously in an equal situation but they’d never discussed this part. How do you ask an Angel if they want to…
------------------------------------------------------
HIs plush lips even more swollen from kissing, Cas murmured against Dean's ear. “Do birthday wishes normally work so fast? I still maintain it
The shock that came over Cas manifested itself in a disbelieving sound. “Are you
“Oh, it really doesn’t matter. Come along, Castiel. I’ve already been away far too long, I simply do not have time to stand around and debate all night, ” Naomi said as she gestured for Cas to follow.
“This wasn’t on the tape you made me,” Cas said with great appreciation for having that knowledge.
“She has her own motives for everything she does, Jack. I don’t try to understand them,” Castiel added hastily, avoiding making eye contact with Jack as he said it.
“Dean, it’s Aberia. Castiel is gravely injured and we need to tend to him. We do not have time for tactfulness. Naomi attempted to kill Castiel in front of the assembly of Angels. Many of us rebelled. Some of us left to assure the commanders safety. We’re at your home. You apparently aren’t safe where you are so I believe he would like you to return here…”  Aberia allowed Cas to reach out and grab the phone back from her, a look on his face of great displeasure. She chose to raise an eyebrow in defiance that made him eye roll, even as in pain as he was.
Dean stared at the tabletop. “And it doesn’t matter anyway…. Cas is in Heaven. Not like he'll ever be happy enough there for the Empty to come for him... The Angels need him to keep Heaven running, and they said it was probably…. forever…” He said as he swallowed deeply. “it’s…It’s not like any of us can go bring him back. ”
“Do I have to explain why we might have been too preoccupied to hear them?” Dean said with a warning glance.
“I tried to stall but I can only do so much guys,” Sam murmured in apology before they trailed inside like scolded children, Claire bringing up the rear with a smug smile.
“No one else will get the pleasure of ending Naomi’s life. I have never been one to enjoy ending a life, but I will make an exception here. To think of sinking my blade into her chest...Of removing her poisonous influence from our lives forever...I can only be sorry I cannot inflict that pain as many times as she had me practice killing you. Over and over and over again...” Cas’ eyes looked far away in that moment and Dean knew he was back in that place, brainwashed by the bitch in question. “She took pleasure in it. Fairly reveled in seeing me end you. It would be unfair of me not to return the favor.” He looked to Dean then, his eyes dark and dangerous and Dean swallowed nervously.
Castiel heard the banging on the Bunker door and growled out, “To Hell with pants. I will handle this!” He all but leapt from the bed, naked and angry.
“Oh shit, yeah, Cas,” Dean groaned as he felt a teasing finger at his entrance.
Sam shook his head with feeling. “You don’t understand, mom. Cas is….” Sam began but Jack interrupted abruptly.
Naomi huffed in frustration. “Castiel, really. This obsession with those humans is just that, an obsession. Nothing more. Your fascination with them is beyond me. They are ants in the grand scheme of the universe. The fact that we are tasked with protecting their souls is baffling to me, but it is the task we’ve been assigned. The Winchesters are no more important than any of the other billions of souls in our charge.”
Naomi smiled in that way to gave no room for argument. She had the face of every Angel he’d ever killed. One of the utmost certainty in their righteousness. It made Castiel shudder to think he’d once had the same look about him. “We need Jack. He’s coming back into his powers, and when that happens, he will be more powerful than all of us combined. He needs to harness that power here, with his true family. We can guide him and teach him to lead us all. The new Angels with respect and revere him and the remaining Angels know of his power enough to accept his leadership. He can bridge the gap between us all.”
Sam observed them both. Dean fussing over Cas, his hand rubbing soothing circles along his back as he whispered calming words. He suddenly understood why Dean hadn't wanted to come home yet. “We wouldn’t have come if we’d just known Dean…”
long.”
The Angels plan their return to Heaven and Cas and Dean must decide to do with their first tastes of freedom
Sam sighed and ignored his barking tone. “I’m sorry, okay? I didn’t understand. I think I do a little more now thanks to Jack.” Dean raised an eyebrow in a gesture to continue.
Dean stiffened behind him only slightly, but it was enough for Castiel to notice. “Cas, I want that too, fuck. So much…but I’ve never…” He hesitated, his cheeks flushing softly pink. The mere mention of it made his heart hammer in his chest. Cas rolled them both suddenly so that he was on the bottom, Dean’s chest weighing down his own.
Castiel nodded once. “She has gotten sloppy and let her anger get the best of her. She is very dangerous right now.”
Dean rolled his eyes playfully. “Fine. You’re not wrong, and no I don’t wanna talk about it. What’s my bill?” She smiled and wrote up his tab. He got his wallet out of his back pocket, fished out a few bills and tossed them on top of the bill. “Have a good night,” Dean said before gesturing to Mary he was heading to the hotel. She nodded and went back to talking to Bobby, a bright smile on her face. Dean’s eyes narrowed in suspicion before shrugging and heading out the door. The hotel was only a parking lot away from the bar. It was all but abandoned, this being a sparse strip of highway. He made his way slowly across the lot, his hand in his pocket to grab up his hotel key. He crossed the grassy barrier between the parking lots when he froze in place, a familiar voice grabbing his attention.
Castiel finds out what Chuck's been doing and Dean runs into some trouble and has an unexpected savior.
“If I have been, it has not been due to anything you’ve done. I suppose…” Cas walked closer and dropped his voice. “My last human experience was so immediate and jarring that I am…easing into it.”
“Cas? Is that really you?” Dean looked down at the Croccata then back at Cas. “If this is another damn monster trick…” He growled as he raised his gun slightly.
“Well, not to point out the obvious, but Sam and Dean haven’t helped in that regard either. You’re all three a magnet for trouble…” Chuck said as he scratched out more notes. Silence fell in the room for several minutes. Castiel was anxious to pursue all the questions he’d been wanting to ask, but he hesitated to interrupt.
Cas smiled then, a soft knowing smile that he would have liked to have shared with Dean and Sam if he dared take his eyes off her. “You are not my family, Naomi. Everything I did was in defense on this world, this world that our Father created. You are the ones who failed. You chose to do what was best for you, not Heaven. When I had the audacity to stand up and say no, that enough was enough, you villainized me for it.”
“Exactly right, Sam,” Castiel said quickly as he raised his head to rejoin the conversation. “So, I was safe from having to fulfill my end of the deal, however, the Shadow made it very clear that when I died as a Angel, my after life would be anything but peaceful. Angels, when they die, go to the Empty. Its simply how it is. However, it is supposed to be sleep. The Shadow wasn’t going to let me sleep...Every moment would be torture. So, my choices were to remain an Angel and be tortured by the Shadow when I die or choose to become human and have the chance to let my actions choose where I go when I die, as humans do.”
be witchcraft.”
Dean knew that look and he licked his lips in pretended innocence. “Oh, stop bragging. At least you got to finish.”
Castiel held a hand up. “That is still my Father. Spare me the details…” A small smile began to creep up on Cas’ thick lips. “So, you think I should disregard Heaven’s orders?”
“Yeah, because being human worked out so great for him before,” Dean said with a venomous growl, surprising even himself at the rage in his voice. He felt his hands trembling, softly and hopefully unnoticed as he considered human Cas...and everything he and others had put that vulnerable version of the one he loved through.
Dean, Sam, and Mary looked to Jack. Dean spoke softly. “How do you know? That’d be a hell of a lot of demons….”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, a smile coming to his lips despite the annoyance visible in his eyes. Dean quickly closed the space between them and wrapped him in a hard hug that Cas slowly brought his arms up to reciprocate. Dean could feel the hesitance in his touch and nervousness pooled in his gut again.
"In that case, Hell yeah," Dean said with a husky, self-satisfied laugh. However, his laughter quickly turned to moans when Cas took him in his mouth and took him every other way he could. Dean decided then and there he was definitely going to like it here.
Claire came over to them then and leaned against the wall as well, next to Cas. “Crowds,” she murmured and Dean and Cas both nodded their agreement. “Kaia and I are a thing,” she added bluntly and Dean and Cas both looked to her in tandem confusion.
He shook his head sadly and he let out a tired sigh as he turned back to gesture at Naomi. “Aberia, I’ve seen too many angels die because they refused to alter their mindsets in the least and I’ve never rejoiced in any of their deaths, nor do I rejoice in Naomi’s now. Am I glad she is no longer a threat to me or those I care about? Of course, but no matter what they do to me, they are still Angels. We are all connected. For better or worse.”
Mills,” Mary bit back. “Isn’t this like some form of bestiality to you Angels?” Mary wrinkled her nose at Castiel, who clenched his jaw and found the carpet with his eyes as Dean had.
“Will this place really keep us safe from the others?” spoke up a blonde, small boned Angel that had entered reluctantly, feeling the cave-like quality of the building as she entered.
“Dean’s right, Aberia,” Cas said as he glanced to Dean and let a small smile of pride flash over his face, fairly comfortable in Dean's assessment of Naomi, but unhappy that Dean was also correct in his assumption that he would be a target. “He’s had enough dealings with her and knows enough of my dealings as well. She wants you to disavow me and join with her to help her paint the narrative that she is the victim and I am the villain, as she has done before. She doesn’t want to kill you. She gave me half a dozen chances, and those are just the ones I know about. Before that, she brainwashed me regularly to maintain control. Also, she knows Chuck will return, and she won’t want your blood on her hands when he does. If she can spin this back to her favor, she will, and your deaths on her hands won’t allow her to do that easily. I know her better than any Angel still living. I know what she’s capable of, but I also know what her limits are. She doesn’t want more dead Angels...except me. Your deaths are not her goal. Your obedience is.”
Nodding in agreement, Cas glanced out the window. “Yes, it has. Claire told me she and Kaia have been hunting as well, so I think they are handling some of the smaller cases. Not that I approve but as she said quite vocally she does not need my approval. If it makes her happy, I am glad. Since it is my fault she was exposed to the supernatural in the first place.”
” Mary’s tone was no longer scandalized, but anger simmered under the surface.
Dean smiled and patted them both on the shoulder as he met the last step. “Yes, I am. I had mom drop me off. I figured you two were pouting without me around,” Dean teased as he headed for the kitchen.
human and should not be doing…whatever they were doing…with
“Thank you for allowing me to meet your…your family,” Aberia said as she paused to find the right words as they strode together down the empty corridor, their soft footfalls the only sounds as she spoke. “Though I do not see the appeal, I understand that they are important to you.”
“Work together…You’re grace combined should be enough to override the safety mechanism…” Cas said as he pulled away and bared his cuffed wrists to the assembled Angels. The combined seven Angels touched the cuffs, letting their grace flow through their fingertips. The cuffs clattered loudly to the floor, making them wince and glance around nervously.
Cas’ speech made Dean close his eyes and swallow once as he pressed his palm to the kitchen counter. “How do you do that?”
“Where are you going?” Dean said as he watched, warily, from the doorway.
“You are completely insufferable,” Castiel added as he ran his thumb along Dean’s jaw line, unable to hold a grudge while his body was screaming at him in such a way. Dean leaned into his hand and would have purred in contentment if he could.
Dean and Castiel use their last hours together wisely, and an uninvited guest arrives at the bunker door
“A raging bitch? Yup,” Dean added as he took a swig of his whiskey.
(See the end of the chapter for
“NO!” Dean exclaimed a little loudly and seemed flustered as the older woman from the aisle before squeaked her way onto this one. “No, I mean, yes we’re close but not like you’re my brother and we’re related close. Definitely not that. I mean, unless…unless that’s how you see it, and yeah so, yeah that would be fine too.”
“She wouldn’t…” Dean began but the skeptical eyebrow lift Cas threw his way made him reconsider. “Okay, fine. You’re no fun.”
. He wanted this. He wanted this more than he’d ever wanted anything in his life that was strictly for him. For once he could be selfish and have something…someone…who was only his. Who wanted only him. He’d been so damn selfless his whole like that the thought of having this made the hot pangs of lust lick like flames somewhere deep inside of him. It mingled and merged with his,
“You’ve got no opinion on the matter?” Dean interrupted, finally grown tired of Chuck's emotionless expression.
, and though I may not
“They may move us to the subbasement if we aren’t careful…or we could just drag a mattress to the Dean Cave…Or…” Dean continued to hypothesize as he put the car into reverse and pulled out of the parking spot. As he pointed the car in the direction of home, he threaded his fingers through Cas’ own and cranked up the radio. Cas’ Grace still hung on the chain around Dean’s neck and he took unspoken delight in bringing every piece of the man he loved home with him. Dean and Castiel had both gotten a lot of fresh starts before…but this one…this one meant something more. This wasn’t just a fresh start on an old story. This was a new beginning. Their new beginning.
Some Sexual Content Ahead.
Castiel and Aberia stared one another down for what felt like eternity but was more like twenty seconds, until Jack suddenly walked up the stairs with purpose. Castiel turned his head to speak but Jack stood next to him, shoulder to shoulder, smiling in such a charming way as to stop two Angels from arguing.
“How could you forget to ask? That’s kind of important. And what’s going on in Heaven?”
tell Dean no for anything.
Cas startled and tucked his wings at his sides. He’d noticed after only a few weeks, but he’d thought it best not to bring it up to any of the other Angels. He’d not fallen as the other Angels had after Metatron’s Spell. His Grace had been stolen before he could Fall, so he’d often hypothesized that staying for any length of time in Heaven’s gates might restore them. He’d never been desperate enough or foolish enough to try it, however. After only a couple of weeks, he’d seen new feathers emerge, strong, glossy, and unsinged. It was a small consolation, a very small one in the grand scheme of things.
These were fleeting thoughts as Dean stared out the window, looking out into the formless night. He’d asked where they were going, and Castiel had replied by punching the address into his GPS. It was a small park near where the Heaven portal lay. Dean couldn’t say he wasn’t relieved Cas had at least been smart enough not to agree to meeting in Heaven. At least Dean could be back up at this location. He glanced over at Castiel, watching his silhouette illuminated by the dim lights of the dash board. His eyes were tight and his face was pinched as if in pain.
Dean stared in awe at the bedroom. It had a large king size bed as the centerpiece, with a deep hunter green comforter woven with shades of blue and silver among it in accent threads, a red plaid blanket laid neatly at the end, as if an afterthought. The headboard was polished wood and helped prop up the fluffiest pillows he’d ever seen. Another, smaller tv, sat atop the dresser across from it and it had a stunning view to the outside from a beautiful bay window that stretched the length of one wall. It was simple and understated and...perfect down to the last detail. It was something he’d have dreamed up if he’d ever allowed himself to go there, but the Bunker was as much of a home as he could have ever allowed…and in the end it felt more like a tomb than a home.
“Eileen is with him now as well,” Castiel said softly as he saw the pain cross Dean’s face.
“We’re both a little too drunk for me to feel good about that,” Dean said with sincere remorse but Cas just smiled.
Dean huffed and crossed his arms as he leaned back in the chair he’d pulled to the side of the bed. “Then continue on. I’m not stopping you…”
when you told me the one thing you wanted was the one thing you couldn’t have.”
-------------------
“What happened?” Dean spoke to Mary as she looked around. She too pushed against the bonds holding her down, though she too could tell it was useless.
A long silence hung until Dean cleared his throat and glanced over at him, his fingers now still on the steering wheel. “But you’re into dudes exclusively now?”
Sam started to argue but Mary cut him off. “Food then you, me, and Jack head back. You two.” Mary said as she directed her gaze at Dean and Cas. “You take the time he needs but you keep your phones charged and on. Otherwise we do this again.” Dean and Cas nodded in unison, looking embarrassed and rightfully chastised.
It seemed like forever but Castiel looked toward Dean and nodded his head. “Yes, I do.”
Dean grinned at Cas' disgruntled tone and he slid his hand under his shirt as he spoke, smiling wider as he felt him shudder. “No, me and the Angel of the Lord Castiel had sex in this bed. You’re regular old human Castiel.”
“Dean, I’m sorry but my time is extremely short and unpredictable, and there are things I have to say.” Castiel leaned closely and looked into Dean’s eyes. He nodded slowly and Cas removed his hand. “Dean, the time may come when I can return here. There are events happening that might make it so. I can’t tell you why or even when, but please trust me. I need to know if there is a reason for me to come back here, to you. Am I better off where I am? If so, I will accept that answer but I cannot continue on with the hope of returning to you not knowing…not knowing if I am wanted. If I am better staying in Heaven and serving them, I will do it. I don’t want to be a burden. Do you understand what I am asking you?”
Cas lifted one eyebrow thoughtlessly at Dean’s slip of a nickname, but he darted his eyes away again. “I don’t know what you mean.”
say, Dean?” Dean’s face hardened and he looked down at the cheap hotel carpet while Cas’ face hardened in a different way.
----------------
“So you notice that, but don’t notice it’s been more than a hot minute since I went out chasing tail?” Dean said with a light laugh as he stepped to the fridge and pulled out a soda, determined to make his point that he’d changed.
Dean swallowed hard, his hand gripping the towel with white knuckles. “Then why are you still over there?”
“And nobody drives buzzed,” Jody added quickly as she shot a look to Claire.
Castiel had deepened the kiss again, taking particular care to memorize the feel of Dean’s mouth against his own. He let the feel, the taste, the gentle warmth all be filed into his mind with all the other memories he held over his millennia of living. He’d need these memories in the time ahead of him, alone, with no one to talk to the way they did. The Angels were so obtuse that he could scarcely stand them, let alone confide in or befriend them. The older Angels hated him, and the younger Angels were more toddler than adult. No, he had only his family here and he would have to leave them again in a matter of hours. He felt anger course through him as suddenly as an electric shock. He was angry that they were again being forced apart, that he had to serve those that would seek to only use him over those who loved him. He redirected his anger to the willing body beside him and his fingers dug only slightly harder as he struggled to control himself. He wanted to bury himself in the light that was Dean.
That soft sentence was enough to make Dean shake off his own feelings and he spun around, his arms crossed over his chest. “OH, it was only for a second. I know. I was there, remember? Only dead for a second…” Dean grumbled as he stomped out of the room.
“That he loved us all and to keep each other safe….” Jack added softly. He and Dean locked eyes and nodded.
Cas glanced again at the door to their bedroom, trying to relay to Jack to stop the flow of conversation. “It wasn’t that bad…We can discuss it another time, Jack.”
Debriel was looking on with a mixture of confusion and concern on this face as Castiel argued his case. “Aberia is only staying a couple of weeks, Debriel. I have no intention of her staying on Earth.”
Dean and Cas are finally allowed some time alone without the worry of Naomi or other Angels to bother them, but is anything ever that simple? An unexpected dinner guest may complicate matters.
“Oh, you knew Alistair? Sam killed him, you know.” Dean said as he nodded at Sam. “And the Angels  kicked his ass before that…”
Cas came and leaned shoulder to shoulder with Dean against the counter. “Well, I have noticed you have been drinking far less since we’ve all been back home together…” Castiel stumbled only once on the word home, hoping Dean wouldn’t notice. He did.
Dean shook his head, lowering his body onto Cas. “If we do this and you don’t come back home again..”
“Cas, this is every bit of lore, case studies, and research I’ve been able to scrape together from the archives about Angels who became human. I know there are still a lot of questions you have that we can’t answer, and this doesn’t give all the answers but I thought it might give you a starting point. There aren’t that many cases even whispered about, and even less documented.”
Dean winced and went to sit next to him, checking his breathing reflexively as he brushed a stray strand of hair from his forehead, which was damp with sweat for the first time in Dean's memory as well. “I won’t fail him this time, Chuck.”
. His throat was dry as he asked, “For science?"
“Chuck? God was…okay. I’ll make coffee...” Sam said as he turned away and walked back into the living area where a coffee pot sat on top of the microwave. Dean dug out their phone chargers and plugged both of their phones in and grabbed up one of his long sleeved fleece shirts to toss to Cas. He'd noticed him shiver as he'd extricated himself from the comforter and he was rewarded by Cas catching it effortlessly.
Sam shifted uncomfortably. This was far out of their comfort zone. “Who…If Cas is who you want, I support you like I always have. I’m just a little surprised is all…”
---------
“About who? Humans? Angels? Because I don’t see that!” Castiel blurted out in frustration as he ground his teeth.
“Castiel, you look terrible…” Jack added matter-of-factly as he stood at the end of the bed, his hands resting on the edge.
Cas could feel Dean looking at him but he kept looking out, trying to ignore Dean's reflection in the glass before sighing and letting his shoulders fall. "This is going to make you uncomfortable.”
Dean swallowed hard and took a sip of his now cooling coffee. He muttered from his cup. “I’m not the one making it awkward this time, Cas.”
“Here we are,” Dean mumbled as he turned the knob to Cas’ room. Sam had already gathered Cas’ presents and left them in a neat pile in the chair nearest his bed. “Have fun?”
Cas walked hesitantly over to Dean, lingering just behind him. “Because of you, Dean. You must know that. All of this is thanks to you. You made me want to make Heaven better. You showed me that there was always another way. Heaven is what it is now because of you.”
”Oh, well, I mean we didn’t really plan this. It kind of just happened on a hunt back when Sam was helping Garth out with some research…” Dean scratched the back of his neck as he stole a look to Cas, remembering that night with a glint in his eye.
Cas stayed stone faced as Dean’s face reddened in anger. “Would you make you feel better if I told you I wasn’t’?
“Bullshit, Cas. What? You don’t want to soil your Angelic self by touching a human as corrupt as me? That Angel…whatshername…said the very touch of me corrupts. Don’t act so surprised I remember that. One tends to remember something like that. Is that….that what you think?” Dean pinched his lips together and went to reach for the bottle Cas had disposed of, frowning at its’ absence.
in danger?” Claire wiggled her eyebrows at Sam as Jody and Mary had their backs to her. Sam's eyes begged for help but Claire just shrugged her leather-clad shoulders.
“Well, that wouldn’t be much fun now would it?” cooed a tall, broad shouldered female demon at the foot of the stage. She had blonde hair cut in a harsh bob at her chin and she gave a devilish grin. “You’ll be dead soon, though, so no worries there.” She jumped up on the stage, the black leather suit she was wearing creaking with her movements. Her voice boomed through the coliseum. “Ladies and Gentlemen, well you know what I mean, welcome! Today we crown the new King, or Queen, “she added with a wink, “of Hell. Too long we have dealt with weak, foolish, or absent leadership! Today we become a force to again reckon with!” A cheer rose through the crowd mixed with whistles and catcalls. “The winner will get the pleasure, the honor, of killing our most dreaded foes, The Winchesters!” Boos and hisses thundered around the room. It shook the building, making bits of ceiling rain down. “How many of our numbers have they killed? How many times did our own King help them, our enemies?!” The crowd was getting out of hand. Dean could swear he felt his bones vibrating from the jeers and stomping. He thought about praying to Cas, but what could one Angel do against hundreds of demons? He’d only die with them…and that was unacceptable. He tried to shut down and not reach out to Cas in an inadvertent prayer.
“I mean, I couldn’t let you sit in Hell, even if it was the first seal. Castiel…he seemed to always have a penchant for compassion. Going back farther than there are books to tell it. He never did exactly as he was told, that was true…but it was always because he saw the need for mercy. For goodness. Even when I was all old testament. I took note. I knew his need for compassion would be strong enough to save you. Other Angels before him turned back after being sent or died trying because they were afraid. He’s special…Don’t mess it up.” Dean gritted his teeth but thought better of arguing with God and nodded as he studied Cas’ face. “He’s going to sleep for a while. Here…” Chuck held out Cas’ grace, dangling from a chain. The bottle was corked and glowed only softly now. Dean tentatively held his hand out and wrapped his fingers around it delicately, looking confused. “It doesn’t need to go back with me, and he would want it with someone he trusts...and anyway…in case of emergency, break glass.” Chuck laughed at his own clever joke then waved his hand as Dean glowered. “Okay then, well I’m off. Nice seeing you again I suppose. Hopefully you can all stay alive for a bit, okay? You make a lot of paperwork when you die.” And he was gone.
He sat down heavily on the bed now, his face cautious as he looked up at Cas. “But?”
“No. Haven’t heard. I’m sure they are heading back to the hotel soon. The show started at 9. I was just watching some Netflix….” Deans aid as he glanced at the tv and the Are You Still Watching was plastered on the screen. “I….might have taken a small nap.”
-----------------------------
“There are several bedrooms upstairs in case you decide to have company. There’s never any need for people to house in groups, but many choose it. It truly is whatever makes them happy now. I have procured a spot for Sam and Eileen’s home right across the tree line for when the time comes. Here, this is the main bedroom. There is a master bath off of it, though there won’t be a toilet. No need of course. However, we found people requested bathtubs and showers as it was said to be more than a means of getting clean and seen as a pleasure of sorts, so we added them in.”
Dean smiled then looked down. “Nah, I’m good. Not much in the mood for that either.”
“Yeah, yeah that’s fine,” Dean grumbled as his phone beeped and he pulled it out to type again.
Sam took all of this in, every minute change confirming what Jack had suspected. “Son of a bitch… It is true, isn’t it? You and Cas….”
Naomi sighed dramatically. “Can’t we get past that? There is a much greater picture to deal with now. It’s time…” She said as the Heaven Portal began to glow in the sand box sigils. “It’s time…to go home.” Cas threw one desperate glance around him, knowing he might never be able to walk Earth again. He stared at the sunrise, his face beginning to be illuminated by the orange glow. He took in a breath, knowing there was a chance this was his last moment ever on Earth.
“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my life, when you’ve got a king size bed to fool around on, you use it. Come on, Angel…” Dean stuttered over the last word and his face froze, studying Cas. “Sorry…if that bothers you…I didn’t…”
“Oh, I can fix that.” He blinked and before Dean’s eyes he was suddenly wrinkle free and his hair was back to its familiar coif.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue but shut it abruptly, studying the crowd of Angels around him. “This isn’t a request is it?”
