With an anxious sigh, John laid onto his back, folding his arms under his head and staring at the ceiling. Assessing Sherlock’s condition, he made mental notes for the man’s treatment plan, drawing up a few different scenarios. Of course, the best option would have been being back in London, where John could fetch the right medicine and conduct the needed examinations for a proper diagnosis, but he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t agree on abandoning the case for the sake of dealing with the breakdown of his transport. John couldn’t help but crack a half-amused smile at the mental image of Sherlock protesting. The doctor wondered, though, how long Lady Beresford would tolerate having a sick guest in her house, when that certain guest was supposed to be accomplishing an assignment that included keeping her out of harm’s way. Her mansion wasn’t a private hospital, and she wasn’t Mother Teresa. John feared her reaction, seeing how two-faced she was.
A content smile appeared in the corner of the detective's mouth. He loved making John Watson speechless. And he was up to continue to do so. His hand sneaking under the pillow, he rolled out a small plastic bottle of lube, and popping off the lid, smeared some of its content onto his fingers. The  other hand travelled between the doctor's buttocks, and John hissed as the cool gel met his anus.
Sherlock turned around slowly, without saying a word. Facing his flatmate, he regarded him with a blank face, studying every tiny part of the man's expression, trying to deduce an explanation for his sudden rage.
“I hate to disappoint you, but I really have no idea.”
“I know what you mean. Her elder son, Patrick, thinks that she’s too cautious and afraid of following this modern world, just because she prefers the beaten path instead of taking risk.”
As usual, the 'thank you's are in order to you, my readers, everyone who left kudos or comment, I truly appreciate it!
“I am,” Sherlock cut in firmly. “I
a voice inside said.
John swallowed hard at the memory.
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed. He still couldn't get accustomed to Sherlock's candor. “Might as well that.”
“Don't make me repeat it, you heard me fine the first time, you berk,” John grinned nervously, clenching and unclenching his fists agitatedly.
Ever since that trip down memory lane, Sherlock had desperately longed to revisit the sensations that John's closeness offered. Remembering them wasn't enough anymore; he needed the real feeling instead of the images of his subconscious memory.
the Work are what matter to me, what I would do anything for. You complete me, you are my conductor of light, my partner-in-crime, my friend, and I don't want to be without you. Apparently, a romantic relationship is the deepest connection between two individuals, body and mind.” Sherlock’s mouth curved into a smile of awe. “I have never even considered starting one with anyone before, but now, I want to have that with you.”
John blinked, and his brow furrowed in confusion. “It wasn’t?”
John wondered. It was worse than the game ‘Taboo’.
Finally sorted out the chapter count, so now the total number of chapters are added. 33, that's it. :)
“You should know by now that I rarely joke, especially if it’s about you,” Sherlock raised a brow in mock admonishment. “Do you remember what I told you that night? I said that you are what I always needed, the company I want forever. I meant it then and I mean it now.”
John wiped away a teardrop that rolled down Sherlock's cheek, and Sherlock bit his trembling lip at the tender gesture, struggling to keep his tears at bay.
“How can you be so bloody calm about it??” John exclaimed. “Does the thought of your brother gawking at you having sex, moreover with another man, not freak you out? Does it not infuriate you?“
Alarm shadowed John's expression. “How many times have you done it?”
Jeez, I can't believe there's only one chapter left! :)
The awe on John’s face, as always, warmed Sherlock’s insides. Like rays of sunshine after cold, rainy days. Again, Sherlock realised that he couldn’t exist without John anymore. The doctor wasn’t only his conductor of light, but the very sun in the sky of his life.
“Nooo!” He roared, his hands cradling his head, shutting his eyes tight. “What is happening to me?” He whimpered wearily.
“Look at you. You're so responsive,” John marvelled.
“Shit, we’ll need some lubricant,” John gasped as Sherlock slowly started stroking him. “There is a bottle is my–” But the sentence got caught in his throat, and his eyes widened when Sherlock's mouth wrapped boldly around his cock without warning. “Sweet Jesus,” John inhaled sharply.
“No, Sherlock. If it's a relationship you want, not just occasional sex, we're taking it slow. Baby steps.” John needed Sherlock understand that they were about to enter a serious field, and it wasn’t a game. Sherlock raised his brow perplexedly. “Nothing physical for a while. This whole thing is so sudden; I need time to come to terms with whatever is going on between us. We talk, get to know more about each other, go on dates—see if we can make it work. I want both of us to be sure about this thing between us when the time comes to take it to next level.”
Pausing the clip, Sherlock sent the media player's window to the tray and launched the internet browser.
Pulling the 'here-we-are-again' face, Sherlock turned his attention back to something interesting, namely John's body. Gazing absent-mindedly at his partner's torso, his eyes followed the blue lines of veins running into every direction under the skin of the muscular chest.
He never knew anything—apart from solving a complicated case—that could elicit such an intoxicating feeling. He never gave his body and its reactions much credit, but the sensations woken by John's touches were beyond his expectations. His body betrayed him with the unexpectedly pleasant reactions—the anticipation of the gradually intensifying stimulations, elevated heart rate, pleasant shivers, adrenaline rushing through his veins, the growing excitement, the fine, uncontrolled pulsing and convulsing in his genitalia, the engulfing heat and, eventually, the explosion, shaking his whole being to the core—and it was simply incredible.
“I should get dressed,” he added after a moment of silence, but didn't move. It was apparent that there still was something on his mind.
Sherlock looked at him in wonder. “Are you sure? People might talk.”
John had to gather all his willpower to hide the thrill—and anxiety, to be honest—that Sherlock's nod elicited. He inhaled deeply, bracing himself to utter the life-changing reply.
John couldn’t stop staring. Sherlock looked ever so young. Beautiful.
“Well, Sgt. Donovan and Officer Anderson could have learnt something for further use..”
Thank you very much for the feedback on the latest chapter! x
Sherlock found that the new situation of John and himself being involved with each other was even more exciting than any case. It promised so many new experiences, possibilities, many things he had not explored with anyone before. John being his conductor of light, partner in crime, best friend and colleague made him the perfect person to introduce the inexperienced detective into the world of love and take him onto the road that Sherlock wouldn't have stepped on otherwise. No one else was interesting, smart and loyal enough to entice him there. John Watson turned his life up-side-down, and Sherlock Holmes didn't mind it. With his affection, trust and love John brought the incomparable, unique thrill into the detective's life, something he hadn't known before.
Looking into the mirror, the same weary, distressed face stared back that he had seen so many times after his nightmares. Inhaling deeply, he ran a hand through his hair exasperatedly, fighting the urge to tear the strands in despair.
Receiving no other reply than mere silence, he walked up to the desk, curious what the detective was so much engulfed in. Peering at the screen above his flatmate's shoulder, John's face flushed in embarrassment. The glimpse of naked male bodies entangled with each other was enough to regret his curiosity. A man watching porn was not a big deal, yet it was Sherlock Holmes, the man considered to be asexual. There had been times when John Watson wondered about the genius's sexual experience. He hadn't been sure that Sherlock's mind palace had a room for theoretical and practical knowledge of sex until their first time together. To the doctor's relief, Sherlock was a healthy young man with needs and desires, however his sexual appetite had been dormant for years.
“The flat's clean...” he noted low-key. Perplexed, he tentatively sank down onto the edge of the bed. When John didn't reply, he continued. “Does it upset you this much because it was me who you were with in that recording?” The question was so unexpected that the doctor's rhythmic breathing stopped. “I am a man, not a woman... furthermore, being involved with me is not very flattering...”
Downing the remains of his coffee angrily, John leapt out of the chair and darted out of the shop. He was mad at himself for not having seen it right away and making a fool of himself by believing even for a minute that what had happened could have been real.
“I don't intend to,” Sherlock’s firm voice stated.
“Stay with me,” Sherlock mumbled tiredly, looking at John with puppy eyes.
John still went on dates, but with Sherlock’s possessive nature and demand for John’s undivided attention, they usually ended in disaster. John often consoled himself with the thought that had he even managed to get a girlfriend, he might not be able to maintain a relationship with his insufferable, selfish flatmate around. Still, not even his bad luck in dating could have explained what had happened the night before. John surely wouldn’t have taken advantage of his friend and use him a substitute for a girlfriend.
"Why..?" John muttered, his eyes still on his flatmate. "Why are you doing this...? You're not..."
“Joooohn! That's MY laptop!”
“I think we've already passed that point. That night a few months ago should answer your question.”
“This was the third,” Sherlock said quietly.
The detective nodded.
The old man didn’t mind sharing information of the family, which John thought could be useful for their investigation. “Do they quarrel a lot?” he inquired cautiously.
“I am,” John stated in a hoarse voice, trying to do his best to disregard the detective's flirtatious attitude.
Sherlock squinted at him, slightly tilting his head in wonder.
His trembling fingers hovered above the wound tentatively, and his eyes searched John's, asking for permission to touch.
“Shhh, John,” the detective whispered huskily, placing a finger on the doctor's swollen lips. “Let me finish. I wanted to see all that in order to store every little movement, gasp, moan in my mind palace for further use.” His baritone caressed John's ears, making every cell of his body tingle. “I wanted to see how you respond when I touch you,” his fingers lightly squeezed the doctor's neck, so briefly that John almost whimpered by the sudden lack of touch; “kiss you,” he breathed a little kiss onto the palm of the ex-soldier; “fill you, so that I know how to elicit that reaction from you again.”
Sherlock dropped onto the other body, skin meeting skin.
Hello again! Finally a new chapter. I'm sorry for the lack of update but, as i said last time, I  had an operation (as far as it seems, it went fine) and I'm still in recovery.
“Sure. You thought I was coming on to you and said that you weren't looking for any of that kind of stuff, considered yourself married to your work.”
Sherlock lifted his head and looked at John breathlessly. His heart skipped a beat at the sight that greeted him. John watched him with dark, hungry, lust-filled eyes, swallowing his cum as if it was some delicious nectar. Sherlock's  heart missed a beat. People didn't even want to be near him, while this man wanted his
John’s thumb squeezed Sherlock’s fingers. The fact that there had hardly been anyone caring about this brilliant man saddened and angered John. What was wrong with people? How could they not see what a precious person Sherlock Holmes was under the facade? If someone took the effort to see beyond the rudeness and arrogance, they would find that the detective was just like any other person, hungry for love and care.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is unnecessary,” he growled tiredly, rolling his glassy eyes disapprovingly. “We have a case to solve, I can't waste precious time by lying in bed. I'm fine!”
“You're the expert at sentiment and such,” Sherlock waved a hand. “I’ll leave it up to you. I don't bother about such mundane issues. It's just stating the obvious, after all.”
“Good,” John gulped, looking both nervous and excited. “Just give me some time to get dressed.”
“Yes, John, don't be tedious, just say it!”
John faces the hardest battle of his life; will it end with victory or failure?
“Sherlock, tell me. Please.” John took a step closer, the colourful leaves crunching under his feet. “Maybe it's something I need to hear.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered against the heated forehead, nudging him gently. “Wake up, we must get out of here.”
Now, this chapter is an important one in this fic, a milestone. With the amount of angst and turmoil of raw, deep emotions, writing this part wasn't easy, so I'm quite proud of how it turned out - hope you'll like it too.
“Well, the whole process is not that amazing.” He knew he was going to crush that beautiful smile on John’s face, but he couldn’t hide the truth. “As a matter of fact, it's extremely exhausting and dangerous. After a few times, there's the possibility that it could do serious damage. Eventually, it can kill you.”
“You’re really an idiot sometimes, you know,” John smiled softly.
The second chapter, ta-daa!
“Who wouldn't like it on you? You two were meant to be.”
“You bloody sexy creature, you...” John murmured in awe, drinking in Sherlock's bared body. “God must have been in an extraordinarily good mood when creating you.” He slid his hand along Sherlock’s torso. “You're not only a genius, but your body is the most perfect piece of work ever.”
“Fuck it, Sherlock,” John's enraged voice filled the room, “how dare you!?” Sherlock could envision the rage, John’s nostrils flared with the intensity of his anger. “You indifferent, arrogant prick! Does anyone matter to you at all? Is there one sodding person in this entire fucking world who you consider more than just an object to experiment on? You've already conducted experiments on me without my knowledge, drugged me, manipulated me, misled me in order to prove or disprove a point. I told you that was unacceptable, and yet, what do you fucking do?! How could you? How could you do that to me?!”
Sherlock's mouth curled into a happy smile. “We are.” He returned the caress. John’s heart filled with heavenly warmth at the two little words and the tiny gesture.
Sherlock nodded weakly and, leaning back, shut his eyes once again.
“I know you like it,” Sherlock breathed heavily, savouring the look of awe on John's face.
Though letting himself be exposed to the despised feelings was frightening, the experience of having John closer than ever was intriguing, something that Sherlock was eager to revisit.
“Huh?” John blinked owlishly, his startled eyes snapping at the detective. Could he have said things aloud?
"I don't think I have to find another gift to you after all," Sherlock smirked when pulling back, flushed and eyes bright.
Sherlock stirred in the middle of the night at the nagging urge to empty his bladder. His senses waking, he felt an unfamiliar weight on his shoulder and waist. Recalling the last memories of the evening, he remembered having been tucked in bed, and that—at his request—John stayed with him, caressing his hair. Now they were in a completely different position. John’s head rested in the crook of Sherlock's neck, his arm draped around the detective’s torso in a warm embrace, while his leg casually rested on Sherlock's calf. They hadn't been this close since that drunken night.
“Damn you, you sodding git,” switching on the bedside lamp, John  inhaled loudly, annoyance mixed with frustration and helplessness, yet heavily tainted with the voice of love and forgiveness.
John smiled happily. Sherlock easing into mundane aspects of life and love filled him with pride and affection. The self-labelled sociopath transforming into a feeling human of his own volition, in front of John’s very eyes, was something beautiful and bewildering, and John was immensely honoured to witness such a persona change. The fact that Sherlock did it for him made him even more flattered.
That closeness had felt so damn right. Waking up beside Sherlock, his beautiful face being the first thing to see, greeted with that precious smile was amazing. John’s heart still fluttered at the memory. Under other circumstances, he would have relished the experience, snuggling up to the genius, savouring the feel of the warm skin and soft hair against his palm and inhaling Sherlock’s lovely scent.
(See the end of the chapter for
The muscles of John's cock contracted under Sherlock's tongue, before the hot semen filled his mouth. John cried out, throwing his head back in pleasure. Having read about the appreciation for swallowing the partner's ejaculation fluid, Sherlock didn't release John's jerking cock, but deftly latched his mouth around him. He was revolted by the mere idea of someone ejaculating into his mouth, but for John, he was ready to overcome his aversion. He wanted to have John Watson in every possible way, wanted to consume him to the very last cell, until their flesh, blood and minds merged into one. The discovery shocked him; he never thought that one day he was going to let anyone that close, wanting to have them in such a raw way.
“I think so.” Sherlock's kiss-swollen lips curved into a tiny smile.
“You shall have to live with the fact that you're dating a criminal,” Sherlock sighed with determination.
“So do you,” he breathed against the ex-soldier's face.
“A man committing multiple crimes—nice prospect. The list is getting longer and longer.” John laughed. “Duvet theft, personal space violation and bigamy. What else is there?”
“I'm not revealing all of my dark secrets just yet,” Sherlock smirked.
he recalled Sherlock's reasoning.
“You are wrong.”
“Come on, John, will you keep up? Would you like to take things to the next level with me tonight?”
his mind screamed.
“Stop pretending to be oblivious. You know very well what I'm talking about.”
Thank you for the amazing feedback, I'm really grateful!
“Tell me the truth, Sherlock!” John’s jaw clenched, and his expression mirrored desperation and anger. “Just once, be honest with me.”
“Apology accepted.” Sherlock said quietly.
John's erection twitched under his fingers as if saying something to him, and Sherlock understood. This time,
John contemplated the words in silence.
“You’re right. I’m not sure about you being able to have…” John searched for the right term, even though he didn’t know either what the proper word was. “...those kinds of feelings for me.”
“And the younger son? Do they have differences too?”
Sherlock sat motionless, still staring at John. “Please?”
John valued promises, regarding their violation a crime. Being aware how important and crucial this certain vow between them was to him, Sherlock reckoned that John would be disappointed in him. On the other hand, John was just a human being, prone to failure and temptation, and knowing how desperate Sherlock had been to revisit physical intimacy with him, he might reconsider his approach. Sherlock wasn't sure which would have been the more likely scenario. Yet, he had never been famous for obeying rules or for restraining from doing things spontaneously, and certainly, and this situation wasn't the time to start doing so. He could always blame his feverish state for his actions.
“So you want us to become a...
John stroked him with more pressure, and Sherlock felt his cock growing in the warm hand. He exhaled soundly, arching into the touch. Wet lips peppered tiny kisses on his length, before being engulfed in the tight heat of John's mouth. Sherlock groaned loudly and threw his head back on the pillow. The sensation of John's mouth around him, sucking lightly, was so new and pleasant that he swore to store every bit of the feeling in his mind palace.
Sherlock's look mirrored confusion. "What are you aiming at?" He furrowed his brows.
John's calloused fingers caressed Sherlock's erection. The tender, cautious touch was nothing like his limited experience when he was young. The hand fondled him with such care and affection that Sherlock never imagined to be possible.
“It's not what you think,” he noted indifferently. “And just so you know, Mycroft doesn't have issues with being gay. He has his little dirty secrets himself. “
“If your spouse doesn't oppose it...”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don't care who knows that I'm shagging you,” Sherlock said nonchalantly.
“Sherlock, this is really childish!” John threw the paper onto the coffee table eventually, having enough of the screeching concerto. “We should talk!”
“How long?” John gaped at the detective.
The sight was so adorable that John had to restrain himself not to burst out laughing.
"Ever since you entered my life, I find myself experiencing things I have never done before. I have never had a friend, let alone a best friend, now here you are. People didn't care for me, now here are you, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Lestrade.. I have never been anxious about anyone's safety, now I worry about you all the time. I have never indulged myself in ordinary things, now I let you take over my life."
“John, we are..." Sherlock mumbled in a daze.
"No, it's not that, I truly appreciate your intention, it's just..."
Smirking, Sherlock leaned down and parted John's lips with his tongue as he kissed him deeply, exploring every inch of the cavern of John’s mouth. The sensation was intoxicating. He needed more. Did kissing skin feel different than the lips? Was its texture and taste more distinct? More exhilarating? He needed to experiment.
John caressed his warm cheek reassuringly, apparently realising how ambiguous his reaction could be. “No, you didn't,” he murmured hoarsely. “I just want to be sure that you... that you’re completely aware of what's going on.”
John's face flushed in embarrassment, his look dropping to the glass in front of him.
Both Sherlock and John might sound a bit OOC, but remember, this is just one of the many interpretations of their story; this work focuses on the soulsearching, inside battles, and intends to capture the emotions in depth and show that everyone has issues, everyone is human and there are thousands of reasons that influence our actions. Nothing is black or white.
John swallowed hard, never breaking the eye contact. “Not what?” He could swear his low voice was wavering.
“Touch me,” John whispered softly. “Experiment.” At Sherlock’s wide-eyed look, he added, “I’m giving you permission. I know you want to, your mind needs the data. Go ahead.”
are,” Sherlock muttered, sneaking his long arms around John's waist from behind, and rested his chin on the shoulder of John’s puffy winter-coat.
“Whatever, forget it,” John sighed resignedly, before rephrasing his thoughts.  “You get off on the visual image.”
Sherlock looked up, his expression ever so innocent and young. “Because I think I also have feelings for you.”
already Sherlock and the word sex in the same sentence was more than ridiculous)? John ran a hand through his wet hair in utter frustration, staring at the different shades of green tiles as if expecting them to answer his questions.
John’s eyes narrowed. “Did she propose to…?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It's definitely worth a 'take two',” Sherlock drawled, snuggling up to John's chest and wrapping his long arm around the man's waist. “John?”
"Sex doesn't interest me, that's true," Sherlock cut in. "But it's not just sex, it's sex with you. I wanted to give you something special this Christmas, a gift you like, and as your life is lacking of sexual encounters these days, I thought this could be the perfect present. The fact that you like me helps," he shrugged.
"I don't want to lie to you."
John discovers things about Sherlock...
?” John prompted with narrow eyes. “You don't know what love means. You don't understand the concept of a relationship; you're ignorant and oblivious to what being involved with someone really means and requires. You’ve only just seemed to get around to accepting me as your friend. So while I'm flattered by your idea, I don't think that's what you really want.”
John arose from the ground and checked his phone. “Still no signal,” he frowned. “I’ll go and get some help. Hopefully there's some coverage closer to the mansion.”
I promised two chapters per week, so here's the second update this week!
“If I wanted to get off, I'd grab you and serve myself,” Sherlock said courtly, reproach tainting his tone. Cutting the guessing game short, he provided the answer. “No, I wanted to see ourselves during the act. The way we move, breath, cry-”
John chuckled. “Always? I can recall times proving otherwise.”
Tightening his lips in distress, Sherlock doubled the bow's pressure on the strings at the thought, wringing some angry notes out of the violin.
“Actually, I've already got used to you behaving oddly and having different views than normal people do, so it's not really you I'm angry with. No, before you misinterpret what I'm saying, I'm annoyed by your indifference to the issue indeed. I don't even dare to think of what could have happened if it had not been me who entered, but Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade or even worse  the inspector suddenly felt like raiding our flat accompanied by Donovan and Anderson...God, I'd have died in embarrassment..”
Sherlock tightened his hold and squeezed harder, before switching to his mouth once again. This time, John didn't have to comment about pressure and speed, Sherlock learnt quickly as he gauged his partner’s body language. Inhaling the musky scent of John's arousal, Sherlock swirled his tongue around the flushed erection with newfound eagerness.
“Want to know what I have learnt from the video?” Uttering huskily, Sherlock lips brushed John's earlobe.
And the final chapter follows next Sunday! :)
“If you don't feel comfortable telling them, I won’t push it,” John offered. “We could go on without a fuss, the others learning about us along the way as it comes. I'm fine with that."
Was John having intimate dreams of him? This was more than he had hoped for.
But he was only one side of the coin.
“They have to understand and accept that I need you. Without you, I'm not happy with them either.”
Running his hand through his damp hair, he looked around in both direction of the road, squinting to spot any vehicle coming this way. He was already pondering which way to set out and try his luck, when a tiny red spot appeared on the eastern horizon, approaching slowly.
John was stunned at his friend's reasoning. He had never thought of love like that. “Uhm, Sherlock, that's all about feelings, which are not your area.”
Chapter title: Theory of a Deadman - Hurricane
“I don't want to disappoint you,” Sherlock spoke quietly, almost in a whisper. His voice was desperate. “I don't want you to be ashamed of me.”
The young Holmes was watching his spent lover with pure affection. In the post-orgasm glow John looked much younger, the sweaty forehead and dilated pupils made him even sexier.
“Oh.”
“The thing is that–” He trailed off. This was the moment of truth;
“What we did last night,” Sherlock uttered tentatively, suddenly embarrassed, “that was…good. Actually, I, uhm, would like to revisit the experience, if you are amenable.”
John stared at him wide eyed, apparently finding it hard to believe he was hearing these words from him. Sherlock didn’t blame him, it was unbelievable even to himself.
Hardly did John leave the room, Sherlock yanked out his mobile. 'Dear brother, I'd leave for an urgent business overseas if I were you. Avoid Baker St 221B for a while at least. Or expect a missile called John Watson. - SH'
“Oh right,” John sneered. “You Holmes brothers... One needs a respective vocabulary to you. Seems like both of you have a twisted aspect of privacy issues.”
“Garlic. Herbs. I surely will like this. Where are the plates?” Sherlock asked.
“I don't. Just come over and don't worry. And please have a snack before you come over not to get tempted. Understood?”
“This must have happened hours ago. He is freezing cold.” Lestrade said.
Suddenly Sherlock sank down on his knees by his side carrying a tray with fried leftovers and other things. John sat up and licked his lips. He took a fork and started to eat. But then he had a closer look because there was something glittering.
“This is your bedroom, Sherlock. Mine is upstairs.”
Greg returned and turned the lights off. They left together joined by security. Mycroft's driver rode carefully but very fast through London and they reached Mycroft's townhouse very quickly. The butler took Greg's overnight-bag and Greg followed Mycroft into the study. He pulled off his shoes and sat down on the sofa pulling his legs under.
“Such a challenge!” He cheekily replied and waited for John to react. And react he did. His whole body moved into a bow-like form and his good leg kicked forcefully against his body.
His longish hair covered John’s groin and tickled his skin. It was the best feeling he could imagine. He had to force himself not to pull his hair and force him completely down.
“A bit of a headache still but I had worse. I am angry about myself for having walked into that trap. It was stupid to go there alone.” He shook his head.
“Well, John, probably. He is much better with these things.”
She moved off the bed and stood behind him. She slung her arms around his thin body and held him for a moment. He tensed and had no idea what to do.
“Well, Mike, I have been to hell and back.” They talked for a while and finally exchanged numbers. Of course, Mike offered his help and of course, John denied him.
“Sure. We are very clear.” John nodded.
“You should get dressed since we don't have a pool that would give you an alibi wandering about the garden like this.” Mycroft shuddered.
They rode back in silence. Back at the hotel, Sherlock snatched the evidence from forensics and banned them from their own lab. They knew him by now and simply left him alone.
“I know what my brother is doing. Has been doing in the past. I know what he likes.”
He placed his palm flat on his body and softly stroked over his chest and stomach. He constantly leaked. He didn’t even react when John tickled his soles. He knew how ticklish he was and there wasn’t a single twitch.
“You were shot. Because of me. You needed help. You could have died without me. I couldn't let it happen.”
“Yes, sure. I am sorry, I must have fallen asleep.” He shook his head and reached into his pocket. Then he turned his head to look at the night-stand. But there wasn't any key.
“The bath is downstairs. I had Mrs Hudson lay out some towels and other things for you.” John followed him downstairs again and saw him disappear into his bedroom. Just for a second, he wondered about coffins and old sod.
Somehow, he trusted Ian to arrange protection. He hurried upstairs and had a look out of the window. There were men walking around and in two cars. He calmed down and turned to look at John. He was asleep. Sherlock quickly used the loo and pulled a chair close to the bed. Then he settled. He knew how to stay quiet. He knew how to not move at all. He was a perfectly trained slave after all.
“Hands on your nape!” The second order and Sherlock followed it. He walked around him again. His eyes focused on his groin.
His knees bent a bit and he saw John look at his rather impressive cock. He undid the gag and John coughed which did him no good with his head forced back. Sherlock freed his cock and moved the tip over John's lips smearing pre-cum all over his face. John hiccupped and didn't dare to make a move.
“No, these are for white wine. You need to take these.” Sherlock wouldn't look into his eyes when he corrected him. But he did correct him. Greg's choice had been wrong on purpose because he wanted to know about Sherlock's reaction.
“Where was I?” Sherlock sighed and then told him.
“Be with him. Enjoy the ride. Take the day off tomorrow.” Greg drank his beer. John finished his beer, too. They left and John wanted to pay for the snacks but was denied.
“I want to trust you but your body language was too strong. It screamed
“I don't believe he will. But should he resist or even fight, I will have a tazer with me.” Mycroft replied.
“I will make a healing cream for you. I think I know what is needed.” His nose almost touched John’s flesh.
“Why are you even here? After how I treated you? After what happened to me? How can you even touch this?” He sobbed and John could hear he was about to hyperventilate.
“Me? You know I don’t do such things. People.” He sounded offended.
“It's our bond. You feel like me sometimes. Don't worry.”
He gently pulled Sherlock’s hair to make him move. Slowly he got up and turned his head. His face was tear-stained and Greg handed over a tissue. Sherlock snatched it from his hand and blew his nose.
“Sherlock? I know you are not asleep! Don't act like a child!” He saw him flinch. He knew him and that's why he waited patiently. And after a few minutes the duvet was lifted up and Sherlock peered out from beneath. He looked desperate.
When Sherlock sat on the passenger seat, he still couldn't believe it. Their luggage was in the trunk and now he actually enjoyed the ride. The car was nice and he could look outside. For the first time he saw where he actually had been all the time.
He saw how Gregory paled beneath his permanent tan. He saw John biting his lips bloody. After it was over, there were tears on his face and he angrily wiped over his eyes. His hands were shaking and Greg looked up at him.
Ian was extremely worried. John's behaviour was weird and so was Sherlock’s. But he knew that Sherlock simply wanted to adjust and please his dom.
The evidence disappeared into the drain.
„John?“ He asked and lifted up his hand. John took it.
“You don’t need me giving you reasons, you sick fuck!” John shouted angrily.
“Go after him if you need to. I won't leave this house.” He smiled up at him.
“Did they say why?” He asked and the man shook his head.
“I can manage one more night.” Sherlock said but it didn’t sound pleased.
He blinked his eyes open and he saw his big brother. He actually felt much better at once. Surely, he would help him find his dom. He could always rely on him. He also remembered Greg. He was a police officer. He would help, too. If he asked nicely enough, surely they would stand by his side and bring his dom back.
They collared him and pulled a harness over his head. Something poked on his hole, something cold and metal. He tensed but soon just tried to relax or he would hurt himself. He knew what was coming and right he was. A bondage hook got inserted into his arse. He was tight because he never had bottomed for anyone. But he took it. The hook was connected to a d-ring on top of the head harness. The higher he lifted his head, the less pressure he felt inside his behind.
“Normally, he wants you to do his
“Let me suck you, John. Please, I need to suck your cock. I need to make it better!” Sherlock pleaded.
Now he stood in Ian's office and was given several actual books. Sherlock raised a brow and wondered about computers.
“Mr Holmes is upstairs in the master bedroom with his brother and his doctor. He would like you to come upstairs right away, Sir.”
The following morning John woke because he felt too hot and actually restricted. He couldn't breathe properly. His hands came up and he hectically moved. Finally, he made it out of the blanket and blinked into his brightly lit room. He turned his head and found Sherlock still asleep. He was completely covered by the blanket and only parts of his hair showed. John shook his head but smiled. He was disgustingly sweaty and slowly rolled out of bed to not wake Sherlock.
Greg giggled.
“What do you need?” He quietly asked.
“Sherlock? What's wrong? What happened? Did you find anything?” Sherlock blinked and slowly focused on John.
His dom watched him for a few seconds but finally left. Sherlock heard him hop down the stairs and relaxed a bit. He finished with a final polish and left the brush to dry. The bucket got stored away. Sherlock checked for the last time and found it good. He walked downstairs and found his dom in his armchair.
“You are impossible.”
The Italian sighed deeply and took the machine. Gently he placed his head forward and moved it over his neck. Sherlock thought how good it felt.
„If you spit it out or even throw up, I will make you clean the floor, am I understood?“ John hissed.
“You have to be more polite to her. She is a very nice person.”
“Yes, please. Make a bowl for Myc, too. I am sure he hasn't eaten a thing and you wouldn't get him to eat risotto. But he will eat dessert.” A small smile came up on John's face because he remembered what Sherlock always said about his
“Well, I shall get up then.” He slowly stood and Sherlock stood with him. His hair was all tousled but he didn't touch it, didn't move it back.
“Drink this, please.” Sherlock took the mug and sipped the hot fluid.
Again, they locked eyes and Sherlock started to hump the ground. Hard. Until he groaned and came. It was obvious he came and added his cum to everything else already inside the diaper.
John took a look directly at his throat, which was right before his eyes. He sucked on his neck and left a mark. Now Sherlock moaned and he opened his eyes again. They were almost black by now and his fangs had come out.
“How is Sherlock?” Greg dared to ask.
“Yes, of course. No worries.” The last he told himself. He sank back into the bedding and pulled up the blanket. He faced Greg who still was out cold. He saw Mycroft being pressed against him. He felt Sherlock against his own body. He felt Greg's pulse again and it was getting better and better. John was pleased and placed his palm on Greg's chest. Sherlock moved closer and held him tight. John fell asleep listening to the crackling fire.
„I don't want to have anyone who looks even remotely like you. I want to enjoy that and I can't enjoy it if I get constantly reminded of what I have done to you.“
“What about mushy potatoes and scrambled eggs? Tea with honey?” He suggested and now Sherlock looked carefully up and into his eyes.
“Remember to be careful, mate.” John said and it made Sherlock look up.
The camera was on when Moran was on his knees sucking Mycroft off. His palms were flat on his thighs and he was bloody fantastic. Mycroft looked down and then directly grinned into the camera. This Moran was really good and his hands came up and were on his head. He held him in place when he started to fuck his throat. He deeply moaned and swallowed around his head. Mycroft came deep down and he swallowed everything and cleaned him afterwards. Then he just sat on his heels waiting. Mycroft scratched over his scalp whispering:
Sherlock’s body twitched but he held his position. He knelt in his corner to the left of the living-room window. His hands were folded on his nape and he knelt straight up.
“I feel stupid…” He muttered and Greg smiled.
“Bring the baby-phone, please.” Greg nodded and Mycroft walked outside and sat on the swing lightly kicking his feet and starting to swing. He waited for Gregory.
“Hey …” John quietly said.
“Sherlock was seeing his brother this morning for breakfast. They probably talked about us.” Greg quietly laughed.
“I felt it. I was you. I picked a soldier and sucked him dry. You sucked him dry. And there was Mycroft, too.” John shuddered and Sherlock looked a bit sad.
Sherlock smirked.
“I could assist you?” Sherlock stood again but John wildly shook his head.
“John also told me about your livestock. Are they in your home, too?”
“What are you doing here? Is everything OK? Any problems?” John asked thinking about his injuries.
“I am glad to hear that.” It was the only reply he could think of and Sherlock looked at him tilting his head.
„I believe so. Are we OK, John?“ Sherlock asked and John just hummed. Greg looked at them. It was such a sight.
“Would you like to try? I would do it for you even though I normally don’t dominate. But I’d do it for you. If you need me to do it, I’ll do it.” Sherlock said.
He looked into the mirror and found his cheeks showed a pale red. He shook his head and finished his bathroom routine. He walked into Greg’s bedroom where he had just changed the sheets.
“Are you sure you can deal with it?” They locked eyes.
“I need you to listen to me, John. I will explain some things to you and I know you won’t like a single word of it. But you need to know. I can only ask for your understanding and help but I’d understand if you’d need a time out. A real time out.”
“Don’t be difficult.” Sherlock tried to calm down and while being pulled back into the stable, he somehow managed. He feared the consequences of difficult behaviour.
“Talk to me, slut. Which one do you need?”
„Will you please dry your hair while I make fresh tea?“ Sherlock nodded. He knew his way around and helped himself with a fresh t-shirt and dry socks, as well.
“Can I go up?” Lestrade looked dead serious.
„As you wish.“ They finished their drinks and finally, Sherlock stood and stretched his body.
“No, of course, I meant us. The two of us. Together.” John quickly added.
He was convinced that John Watson was a very good teacher. He had taught him good behaviour already. He would be able to teach him how the sex worked, too. He wasn’t stupid, was he?
“I fell asleep...” He shook his head.
“Except you.”
Sherlock didn't move. He only watched. Felt.
“I do.” Sherlock filled a second glass and John slowly came over. They clinked glasses and drank.
“Sit down, my lovely. Lean against me and relax.” But Sherlock shook his head.
“Please, do not answer my question with another question.”
“Slut?” He was towelling his cock when answering.
“You are not displeased?” He shook his head.
Finally, the lamb was taken away and another drink was poured. Sherlock sat up straight awaiting the inevitable. John was excited and fiddled with his cutlery.
“No, I won’t let you run off all by yourself. This is too dangerous. I don’t want you out there alone.”
“You won’t have to because I am going to ask him. But just for threatening me, I will punish you later. You may look forward to something.” Sherlock stood and got into his coat. He leant over John and kissed him.
“I am never sure and you know that. It’s always difficult but I keep trying.” Sherlock quietly said.
“I know we said to buy stuff together but I wasn’t able to wait. I already bought some toys.” Expectantly he looked at John.
“Yes, please!” Sherlock was fast and stood by his side like a child under the Christmas tree waiting to be allowed to open the presents.
“I am still a bit frail. I will have a salad later.” He avoided the second question because what he needed was right in front of him.
“Sure thing, I will give you a call.” Then he looked at Sherlock.
“I like it, my lovely. Very well done.” He praised and let it disappear into his pocket. Sherlock relaxed again and sighed.
“You have this in your desk?” She asked raising a brow.
During dinner, they actually talked about the swing. Sherlock was very interested in the swing and the whole suspension stuff.
“It used to ride?” Sherlock nodded.
The next time he woke it was by John himself who stood right in front of the desk and pulled his hair. Sherlock’s head shot up and then he slid from the desk-chair and fell on his knees.
They entered the passage-way and slowly moved forward. They passed several alarms and made it to the door into the castle. Greg was bathed in sweat. He needed his second injection. He fell back a bit and reached for his pocket.
“Yes...” It sounded rather desperate.
Sherlock was panting and his cock was dark red and twitching. John still held him by the base of it to prevent him from coming.
“The only person I could think of is Molly. She had always liked him. But he wouldn't see, she is a woman after all.”
Sherlock was on fire; John could clearly see that. He wondered what kind of case Lestrade had given them. The excitement washed over John, too.
“He was sleeping with Sherlock?” John sighed and rubbed over his forehead.
“I am always there for you, Sherlock. You know that, don’t you?” Greg offered.
The only glamour he had used on him was when he had bitten him. He had sealed the bite-marks for him and numbed the place so he wouldn’t hurt and heal better. Everything else that had happened between them had happened because they wanted it.
Sherlock’s whole being lightened up. Then he blew his nose again.
John patiently waited until Sherlock sighed.
“You don’t have to. You gave me a splendid time and now we will relax together. Come on and let me help you undress.” Greg approached him and just lifted his arms. Mycroft understood and pulled his jumper off of him dropping it on the hardwood. The t-shirt followed and then he slowly unbuckled his belt. He grinned when feeling his cock half hard.
didn’t come this far to not get what I want,” is the throaty response.
“Perhaps he’s trying to prove a point.”
“There was no other way to get through to someone as dense as you.”
Molly shrugs awkwardly. “Just stating my opinion.”
Sherlock cracks a small smile and rises from the stool. “Thank you for all that you do, Molly.” He says lowly.
John approaches the board and pulls the familiar object out. “Remember these needles, Sherlock?” He dangles it in front of his face.
“I contacted Mycroft, but it was a dead end.”
“No, John, I don’t think you did.”
“Right, thanks, Sherlock…you too.”
“Maybe he’s changed his style.”
“I did it,” John says weakly. “I murdered those women.”
“I think so,” Sherlock murmurs.
“We must be looking for a first time offender, then.” He looks across at Sherlock. “Someone we’ve never heard of, maybe?”
Molly obeys, handing the blood slide to him. “If I were to take a guess at possible suspects, I’d say you need to look out for someone with medical knowledge and easy access to medical facilities. Those puncture wounds are spot on the jugular vein.”
“I’m afraid that defense won’t hold up very well in court.” Sherlock gets in his face. “You stupid, brilliant bastard.” He presses their lips together firmly.
With that, he retreats to the kitchen, where he gently wipes the syringe free of John’s prints.
“We’ll be off, then,” Sherlock announces and heads for the door with John on his heels.
“I’m surprised you haven’t solved it yet.”
“Your
“Any suspects?”
“Our pathologist rarely overlooks things. What are you expecting to find?”
Sherlock scoffs lightly. “Where would they have trained somebody to acquire and use morphine with such precision?”
“Will I?” He spins and fires a couple more shots.
“Many things; all of which are unpleasant.”
. The lack of evidence at each scene suggests the work of someone who’s done their research. It’d be fascinating if it weren’t so damn frustrating.”
________________________________________
When they part for air, John takes the upper hand and shoves Sherlock toward the couch. Sherlock falls back onto the plush material with John falling on top of him. John makes quick work removing his clothes until he is just in his trousers. He starts on Sherlock’s long coat before a pair of large, pale hands still his efforts.
Lestrade huffs. “We’ve been working our arses off and haven’t come up with a single bloody thing!” Apparently, the whole Yard also feels the strain of this case.
Lestrade makes no attempt to argue and exhales. “Blimey.” He glances at the body, scanning it. “Those look like the same markings as the first victim.”
“Nngh, so bloody good!”
“That’s not to say they obtained the prescription elsewhere,” Sherlock tried to reason, “such as another part of England or even another country in the UK.”
“Do you think he’s working alone?” Lestrade asks.
“I suppose so.” He pauses. “I’ll be heading out tonight. Just wanted to let you know.”
“What?” the copper asks innocently.
“Right, I’ll be in touch,” he announces.
“I mean it, Sherlock. I’ve always admired you. I gave you so many signs that I was interested, but I kept getting overlooked. I was pretty sure you felt the same way, but you are a such a stubborn prat.”
John cups his stinging cheek and watches as Sherlock starts pacing.
“Sherlock.”
“Did you find anything while I was out?”
“I don’t have much to go on.”
Sherlock gives him a look that says ‘am I ever not sure?’ before continuing, “She bears an identical puncture wound to the right side of her neck. The bluish tint present in her lips and nails indicates the poison of choice was morphine. These findings are consistent with the first victim.”
He tames the eagerness that flares up within him. Sherlock has a weakness for serial killers. He’s never bored with them.
Lestrade exchanges glances with the other officer. “Well, if this is what your instinct is telling you, I suppose we could take him in for questioning. I really hope you're both wrong, though.” He hauls John to his feet. “Get the door for us?”
- wish you officers a lovely evening.” He smiles awkwardly.
John increases his pace, his hands roaming across Sherlock’s chest. It’s not until John massages Sherlock’s nipples that his body stiffens and eyes widen. John moans at the reward of warm, thick fluid filling him up.
John sighs. “That's a shame.”
“Maybe we are overlooking something—something that’s right in front of us.” He shrugs and sets the cup down before returning to the book on his lap.
The conversation pretty much ended right there, until John suggested they check with every hospital in London to see if any morphine was missing from their supply. Each vial of liquid morphine was present and accounted for at every hospital. Their security cameras revealed nothing useful.
“I received a confession.”
John gulps and looks up at him. “I had no choice…”
Sherlock stands in front of him. They stare at each other before Sherlock lunges forward and smashes their lips together. The force causes John to drop the needle and crash back into the wall. They release weeks of pent-up emotions through the harsh clacking of teeth and frantic clawing at something intangible.
“You don’t have to be so gentle with me. I can-ow!” Her hand slaps against her neck. “What was…what…did…”
“It’s possible we haven’t seen him before, but a first time offender isn’t this
Sherlock nods and disappears from the room. John wets a kitchen rag and wipes himself clean of their mingled bodily fluids. He takes his sweet time putting his clothes back on and sits on the couch, wincing at the ache in his arse as he does so. When Sherlock reappears, he’s fully dressed with his cellphone pressed against his ear.
“How so?”
“It’s set up like someone with a vendetta, however, I’ve searched through my entire database of likely suspects, and I’ve ruled each of them out. The morphine and prostitutes don’t add up to anyone.” He sighs. “I’ve never taken this long to solve a case before. It’s driving me mad.”
John releases right after, untouched, his come splattering across Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock pulls a face at the sticky mess. John collapses down onto him, only adding to Sherlock’s discomfort. They lay like this for a few moments with Sherlock’s mind whirring.
John comes barging in after him. “Lestrade, you know he hates being interrupted.” He glances at his flatmate. “Sorry, Sherlock. We’re on our way out.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes in response.
“I don’t care at the moment,” comes the low response.
“On what grounds?”
“Does anything in this line of work ever make sense?” Sherlock snaps. “You should know by now to expect the unexpected."
“You’re beautiful.”
John flashes a confident smile at his flatmate before walking past him out the door. Sherlock glances at Lestrade, unamused.
Lestrade draws in a breath. “Please, let me know if anything turns up. Anything at all, even if it seems insignificant. Will you do that?”
“May I go clean up?”
“Call me bloody crazy, but I’m attracted to you.”
Sherlock quirks a brow but doesn’t respond. Instead, he sprawls out on the couch with his hands pressed together and drowns himself in the stormy recesses of his mind.
Sherlock grunts in response. John drops his head every time his prostate takes a hit. Thin trails of precome dribble down his pulsating shaft.
Sherlock stops at the entrance and turns. John accidentally runs into him. Sheepishly, the shorter man takes a few steps back, his face turning a light shade of pink.
Sure enough, a phone call to every pharmacy in London proved that John was right. A handful of people in the area are on morphine, and it’s the pill form, not the liquid, so every person was ruled out.
If the circumstances surrounding their escapade were different and if Sherlock were contributing more, he might experience a flood of pride at making John feel so good. However, these are downright horrible circumstances, and he is just a passive partner, so John's pleasure doesn't mean as much. Sherlock chews on his lip while observing John’s blissed-out expression. Droplets of sweat make his body glisten in the evening light.
“Hush.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to respond, only to close it. There’s no way he can defend his foolishness...not when he realizes the signs of John’s mutual interest have been there since they met. The spark…if only Sherlock pulled himself out of his denial and faced his feelings, they wouldn’t be going through this right now. Damn his emotional incompetence.
“He wants the bodies to be found because he makes no attempts to move them or cover up the crime scene,” John adds.
Sherlock fires one more shot into the wall before plopping down in his chair. “I’ve ruled him out.”
The man crouches down and pulls up her tight blouse to expose her abdomen. There, he carves a series of markings into the soft, pale canvas. Clandestine groans, her throat gurgling. The man squeezes her hand in an almost soothing gesture as small trickles of blood escape from the fresh wounds. With the job done, he cleans up and closes the door quietly after himself.
Originally, I had the ending where John just goes off to prison, no questions asked (which is very unrealistic, as there is only circumstantial evidence connecting him to the crimes), which meant his actions were all for nothing. Although Sherlock would've satisfied his sense of justice, he would've felt devastated after losing John in such a way. So, in a sense, both of them would've lost. I had to give John a redeeming moment as well. I can't imagine him going full-blown psychopath over a crush, basically. I tried to make Sherlock's conflict evident, but does covering for John seem like something he would do? Would Sherlock ever choose his affection for John over his sense of duty to the Yard? I'd love to hear any thoughts on how this all turned out. :]
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobs, but he keeps his gaze steady. John steps in front of him, their bodies almost touching, and lowers his voice.
“I appreciate the detailed analysis, but I already know that much.”
John sits with his book and flinches with each shot. “It’s going to cost you a fortune to get that repaired,” he comments.
“Yes, yes, Sherlock!” John shouts.
Sherlock snorts. “How sentimental.”
With his gaze fixed on the dart board, Sherlock carefully takes aim and tosses another dart. It sticks right in the middle target. John bought him the board in order to save what’s left of the wall. Sherlock’s taken to it quite well, which not only pleases John, but also their landlady, Mrs. Hudson.
Suddenly, she falls to the dirty carpet below, where a series of convulsions wrack her body. Within seconds, her body stills, her wide eyes transfixed on her supposed customer.
“Doesn’t that sound a bit far-fetched? The bloke steals morphine from a hospital in another country and travels here to kill prostitutes with it? Why not kill them in their country? Why London?”
A pair of intense, silvery eyes bore into the woman resting on the grungy ground. He doesn’t look up at the man who tried interrupting his deductive process.
________________________________________
“Moriarty liked writing your name,” John states. “Could it be someone affiliated with him?”
“So, this means we’re looking for someone who has medical expertise and access to hospital drugs, right?”
Lestrade stands next to him. “We viewed the motel records. Nobody has checked into this room in over a month.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I'm afraid not, Lestrade. I have my suspicions that John committed these crimes.”
“You think so?” John laughs. “Sherlock, you either feel it or you don’t.”
John ducks his head and smiles shyly at the praise. Lestrade jots a few things down on his notepad, possibly to make it look like he’s doing something.
John looks up from his book. “Sherlock, you’ll solve the case.”
“This just got even better then!”
Tossing the bottle of lube aside, John grabs Sherlock’s member and lines it up with his prepared entrance. Without warning, John slams down onto the hard organ, a shout escaping his lips. Sherlock hisses at the tight sensation. He squeezes John’s hips so hard he’s sure there will be bruises later.
“Stupid. That was just bloody stupid!” He smacks him across the face. “And brilliant. Very brilliant.”
________________________________________
“Well, I’m thinking someone’s out to get you.”
A light red paints Sherlock’s cheeks. “Well, yes, but it’s been a while…”
________________________________________
“That’s not a bad idea,” Lestrade pipes up. “You guys have a word with the pharmacists and let me know if anything comes up. We don’t have many leads, so we’ll take anything we can get.”
“Of course. The killer knows that would expose them. There’s been no signs of forced entry, so they obtained a room key somehow,” Sherlock explains. “We’re dealing with a brilliant, methodical bastard,” he adds under his breath.
“For God’s sake, John, he’s taking the time to carve my name into their flesh! Clearly the killer wants me to see something.”
He leans in and starts nipping at Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock makes a face at the wetness. Sweat sure looks better at a distance than felt up close. John draws the delicate, pale flesh into his mouth and sucks hard, causing Sherlock to wince.
Sherlock blinks. He honestly doesn’t know what to think about that. Someone owning him? Well, he quickly decides he doesn’t like that thought very much.
John kisses back and follows him when the kiss breaks. Tears well in his eyes, giving Sherlock a heart-wrenching glimpse of the old, vulnerable John.
John cocks his head to the side. “Who are you-”
. Ironically, that word perfectly describes their meeting. The man nods and steps aside, allowing her to enter. A single candle on the dresser creates more shadows than light in the darkened room. The man quickly looks around before shutting the door.
Sherlock waves his hand dismissively. “It’d be too much effort on his part.”
At the morgue, Molly is about to slide the prostitute’s body inside the fridge when Sherlock approaches her from behind. She jumps, like she always does, and whips around, her gaze softening.
Sherlock hums thoughtfully, his gaze hardening at the sample. Molly notices and glances over his shoulder curiously.
“Greg, I think he already knows. That's why he didn't want us to come. He knows this is dangerous. He went to free him without us.”
He breathed and opened the door. He stepped outside and walked down the stairs. He opened the next door and stood outside. Only then he realised he had no shoes on. But it didn't matter. Shoes weren't important. Breakfast was.
“There is nothing about it. I don’t understand …” He shook his head.
He elegantly stood and walked to the light. He looked more closely at the cuffs around his wrists and held them close to his eyes. He somehow caught the clamp on his left nipple and pulled. He hissed and jumped on the spot. He even swore. He normally didn’t swear but he let go of his control because he was all by himself.
And after one month of rest and treatments for his skin and also solving loads of Greg's crimes, he finally moved into Baker Street. Everything had been cleaned and stocked up and smelled fresh. Mycroft had found the most interesting items to decorate his flat with. And Sherlock even liked them all, mostly the skull that had even been polished. Sherlock was extremely pleased and happy.
“Really?”
“I can live with you watching. But not Gregory...” Mycroft shook his head.
Sergej took away the spreader-bar but instead tied his long legs up. His left was tied to his thigh and the right was pulled up into the rope-system. His head hung low and he was relaxing further.
He saw a quite surprised looking dom who soon enough became very angry. But he didn't whip him anymore and he didn't shock him anymore. Instead he simply left the room and Sherlock stayed behind still tethered to the cross.
appeared.” Greg thoughtfully said rubbing over his non-existing stomach.
“Oh, forgive me, Detective
“I know this man. From before the agency.” He roughly whispered.
“Sherlock, there you are. Where is John?” Greg asked looking around.
“No.”
“Security reported no visitors at Baker Street. John Watson did not leave the house. We expect them to appear before the court. He will have to let Sherlock run by himself for a while. They are not a married couple and he won't be allowed to join him when he talks to the state lawyer before his witness account.”
“Sherlock? Please? Wake up and talk to me. Please, Sherlock?” His eyes opened and shone in a light red.
He got up and dressed quickly in yesterday’s boxers and shirt. He didn’t button it up but left the bedroom.
Finally, they were ready. This time Sherlock was with them. Mycroft was first and Greg was behind him. But Sherlock managed. Sometimes he stumbled because the boots were heavy. But he made it and finally stood by the sea. He turned around and looked up. His face hardened and he kept walking.
„We will be leaving on Friday and stay for the night. Wish us fun!“ Sherlock grinned and donned his coat.
“Oh, he sure has. History, politics, and psychology. He also is the heir of his father meaning he will get the seat when the old man dies.” Now Greg had to sit down.
Greg returned from his quick wash and Mycroft quickly went into the bathroom, too. Sherlock felt rather cold but didn't complain. Instead he waited for Greg to tell him what to do or what happened next. Greg though simply opened the wardrobe and retrieved one of Mycroft's dressing-gowns.
Sherlock looked at his watch and raised a brow.
John laughed a bit cruelly and kept fucking him roughly. His self-control was perfect and he didn't come. Instead, he violated him and kept him on the edge for a very long time. Only when he felt Sherlock go halfway limp, he pulled out and Sherlock shouted. At least he meant to shout but couldn't anymore. Instead, a wailing sound came out of his mouth because this had hurt. He was turned around and their eyes met. At once Sherlock forgot all about the pain. There was John, his dom, and the way he looked at him was indescribable. He was proud of him and Sherlock relaxed. He knew he needed this. John always knew what he needed even if he didn't like it.
“So, this is the reason I am here, I suppose?” He asked.
“Will do. Anything else?” He asked.
“Absolutely…” He croaked out the word and blushed a deeper shade of red. John smiled.
“I have to leave you for a while. You will have to stay in your closet. I will make sure to be back in time. I will also make sure you won't be bored.” Now he giggled.
“Whatever you desire, John.” John licked his lips and tilted his head. Then he simply turned away and left for the sofa.
“Did you lie to him?” He asked.
“What happened?” He demanded to know. Their eyes turned towards him.
“Jim, can you hear me?” He spoke softly and looked for any sign that Moriarty was able to communicate. He also took his hand between his large ones and held it moving his thumb over his skin.
“The same here.” John quietly chuckled and splashed through the foam. Suddenly his stomach rumbled and he sighed.
This with Gregory was different though. He couldn’t spoil this.
The moment the man woke up again, John pressed him against his thighs and pressed two fingers on his jaw to force his mouth open. He panted and sobbed and it aroused both of them. Sherlock hadn't used the loo and now freed his cock. He moved closer and took aim. Then he pissed. The man gurgled and tried to move away but John won't let him.
He opened the door and walked downstairs to prepare breakfast but when he entered the kitchen the butler already was busy as was a cook and a maid. They all turned around when he stood there.
His hair had grown quite a bit and John still was obsessed with it. He always used a rope to pull it back into all the other ropes around his body to force his head into a strained position.
Now though he wondered about it. He wondered about it because of John. John seemed to like it. Perhaps it would be different with John? But how was Sherlock supposed to find out? Perhaps John didn’t like to have sex with men.
Then he slowly approached Sherlock. He carefully touched his arm.
He watched John for a few more seconds but he simply ate. Sherlock turned away and showered. He dressed into one of his bespoke suits and made himself ready for the day. He wanted to buy several things for John.
“Really? You went to see Toby?” Sherlock came over now, too.
“This is serious, Lestrade. It’ll need some time.” Greg nodded.
He still looked at the camera while tears fell freely. He saw that John was pleased with everything and it actually calmed him down a bit.
He shook his head and checked on his team who followed Sherlock and Ian.
“Well, you certainly brought some riding gear. Only not for riding.” Greg grinned and was happy when he saw him flush and cast his eyes.
Greg showed the text to Sherlock who simply nodded.
“Close your mouth, John. It’s not very attractive.” But Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock ran over the promenade and tried to look down. He stood on the wall of the promenade and stared down.
He had woken when the activities outside in the living room increased. He had heard Greg on the phone and move around. He was also typing wildly. Something must have come up and he urgently needed to find out what.
John followed him into the kitchen and leant against the counter. Sherlock looked over his shoulder.
Suddenly John stood straight and his eyes were wide open. Then he pressed his fingers against his temples and groaned. He fell against David who held him up.
John hadn’t noticed anything since he was still concentrated on his food. He looked happy and relaxed.
“Don’t you have to go to work?” Mycroft shook his head. He could work from home later after Gregory had left.
Sherlock had accepted punishments meaning John had to dish them out. And they needed to hurt. Really hurt. He wasn’t supposed to orgasm and like them.
“Buy it a bit tight. A size smaller than your normal size.”
“What is bothering you?” John asked. “You are not in any pain, are you?” He raised a brow. Sherlock shook his head.
“That actually sounds a lot like Sherlock. But you handled it well, I have to say.” John said.
“I suggested dinner for all of us at our place.” Sherlock looked at John.
“You are probably right. When are your next days off?”
Since he knew what he had mixed, he knew what to do to make it better. He was quick and returned to John’s side.
“I don’t know what to do anymore…” Greg shook his head and sipped the whiskey.
Finally, John was so aroused, he simply lowered his head and sucked his cock. Sherlock tore his eyes open and came into John. He even bucked several times and probably hurt John but he didn’t complain.
“We should change.” Mycroft suddenly said.
Very slowly, John turned his head and gave him a once over. The lanky man stood there like a deer caught in headlights.
“No, I don’t.” Sherlock was stubborn and he sighed.
At last he was gagged with a bit-gag attached to another harness which went around his head and chin. Everything sat tight and the black leather brought out his porcelain skin. The man looked pleased.
“Yes, it is. I like it. This is very nice. I feel a bit overwhelmed. May I sit down for a minute?” Now Mycroft looked a bit worried when Greg slowly walked over to the sofa and sat down. He felt his mate getting cold and clammy. He was shivering. He started to smell. Something wasn't right. He followed him and knelt by his side taking his hand. He was sweating by now.
“Why?” He asked. Mycroft shifted on his chair. It was something he only allowed himself to do when he was alone with Sherlock. Or Greg.
“You too, Sherlock?” Greg asked taking the plate.
The two men stood in front of him and talked about him as if he wasn't there.
“My sister said Mycroft said to keep away forever.” James just nodded.
“I have already given the order and now wait for the result being texted to me.” They looked at each other.
“Maybe later. Not today. Today it's us.”
“That vampires could fly.” Sherlock grinned.
“I see. But I haven't heard it.” And he placed his palm back on his stomach. Mycroft walked backwards but Sergej followed with his palm on his body until Mycroft bumped against the wall. There was nowhere to go and Sergej pressed down. Mycroft sucked in his breath and they were only inches apart. His head was leaning against the wall behind him, his stomach was sucked in and he was standing on his toes.
“I am very sorry, Sherlock. See you later.” Sherlock didn't react and Greg stood. His bones cracked and he walked away without looking back.
“John, thanks for calling.”
“What do you want?” He asked looking at his brother.
“You don't have to, Sherlock. It's all fine.”
“You are probably right.” Mycroft sighed.
“I am sorry, Sherlock. Would you like one, too?” Sherlock nodded.
“I think I have to ask some more.” Sherlock just tilted his head. John leant forward and only whispered.
“I think he actually does; you know? He wouldn’t have looked at the flat otherwise.”
He had it for months buried deep inside his wardrobe. He had thought a long time about when to give it to John. Now it was Christmas and it was the time for presents. He had already neatly wrapped it. But still it lacked something. Perhaps some nuts or chocolate on the side, everything arranged on a plate or something?
“Myc watched you for quite a while from the distance, it seems. It's because he never dared to speak up.”
“So?” Mycroft asked. John sipped his tea. Sherlock didn’t answer. Finally, Mycroft moved closer and it made Sherlock stand. John straightened in his chair.
“I am sorry …” John tilted his head. Sherlock never said sorry.
“The light was first dimmed as the other guests will tell you, too. The moment everyone, except me, of course, was distracted, the light went off completely. I could hear someone moving around the table to prepare the intended killing for the
“You think?” He nodded.
“Raven, he is already torturing him. He sent his fangs.” They all heard the growl.
“I am sorry, Sherlock. Sit up, please.” Sherlock didn’t sound very pleased when he did and looked at John. His hair was all tousled and he looked just sexy. Hot. John stopped giggling and slowly reached out. His fingertips touched Sherlock’s cheekbone and then moved down towards his lips.
“What’s your advice?” John asked.
“Would you like to go on an excursion with me?” Ian looked at him to see his reaction.
“No need, pet. Just go and hurry.” Sherlock took the given opportunity and quickly left for his shower.
“Really?” John looked rather interested, Sherlock thought and nodded.
He returned into the living room and sat in his armchair. He only wanted to watch him wake. And it didn’t take long. At first, he twitched, then he groaned and finally, he blinked his eyes open.
“Bath.” John stuffed them into the bag.
“Sure thing. You have dressed already. So, let's go.” He gestured to the door.
“I see you enjoyed yourself. Nice! I will enjoy you when we are back home.” He smirked and pulled out both the plugs. Sherlock relaxed a bit. Then John also took off all the restraints and pulled him up. Sherlock couldn't but groan.
„I am sure there is. But first we are going to eat. Come on, let's sit.“ He pulled at his hand and Sherlock followed. He sat and watched John put all the goods on the table. And Sherlock ate everything he was offered. He ate the sandwiches, the fruits, and the cold meatballs. John handed over a wet wipe and shook his head all smile.
“Are you still hard for me?” Sherlock nodded hectically.
“No, I can't leave him. I will be all alone again. Lonely. Unloved. I can't do it. Without my dom, I will return to drugs. Lots of drugs.” He wildly nodded making his hair fly. The rubber-band had gone loose somehow and Mycroft simply stared at the masses of dark hair floating around him.
A pang suddenly shot through Sherlock and he remembered something. Something a bit not good. But it disappeared as quickly from his mind as it had shot through.
“Mrs Hudson is still asleep. And I don’t want to ruin your day with a burnt breakfast.” John rolled up his sleeves and started on his breakfast. He was hungry. Sherlock joined him at the table with his warmed blood.
perfect submissive.
Sherlock had been more tired than he thought. He fell asleep listening to the soft breathing of John by his side. John had moved closer while he slept and pressed his nose against his skin.
“Thank you. This is fantastic. I had no idea you could cook.” He shrugged.
“I am too old for this…” He muttered and turned his head to look at Sherlock who had stolen the blanket by now. But he was awake because he grinned.
“No, I haven’t. I will lose my virginity to you, Sherlock.”
“He sure had but he could cope better. Where Sherlock stroked back with words, he spun intrigues and destroyed them.” Greg's eyes widened.
“Such a good boy! Just for me, aren't you? Such a proper behaviour!” John murmured the praises and felt how his sub relaxed beneath him. Finally, he massaged some ointment into his back and it felt so good.
“Let's find out.”
Sherlock’s wrist hurt but he had needed the wake-up call.
“Come closer.” John sat against the headrest and had a clingy Sherlock on his lap at once. It took him mere seconds to pull John down and, on his back, so he could rest almost on top of him. He was hot. John adjusted carefully beneath him trying to avoid his prick.
“Right away.” Greg replied.
Sherlock grinned.
“Who is Greg?”
Sherlock turned to John.
“So, you would assist me sometimes? Could be dangerous.” He smiled again.
John watched Sherlock looking at them. He took his hand after having picked up his bag.
“I need the loo, please?” Right now, he already had to cross his legs.
Sherlock's head shot up and he focused on his brother. And Mycroft smiled.
“Why is it in our living room? You could have placed it inside your room upstairs?” He sounded completely serious about it.
“He is barely alive.” John muttered and started to touch his body for injuries. He didn’t react at all. John got his little torch and opened his right eye. He shone into the sea of black and got no reaction.
“Myc, Dr Kim took them off.” A smile came back up.
“Hey, sunshine…” Greg softly said looking at Mycroft who was stretching his long limbs by his side. A small smile came up instantly. His eyes were still closed.
“Perhaps?” Now Anderson moved between him and Lestrade.
“You need to be strong. He needs you to fully recover. And believe me, he is not angry with you. He is angry about himself. He thinks he has failed. Now he relies on your help and support. He doesn't like to be weak, appear weak in the presence of others, mostly you.”
“Oh, I am so sorry.” He sounded even sincere and John wondered who Miriam was. Had been.
“Thank you...” John let go of his face and was about to get up when Sherlock just grabbed his wrist.
This was good, very good, but he wondered about a plug. He had allowed him though to choose and chosen he had.
“Why don’t we relax and have a drink?” Quickly, Mycroft stood and nodded.
“Then let me.” He roughly said and John nodded. He lifted his head and they locked eyes.
“No, I simply forgot the bottle of wine I had bought. It’s a bit late but I really would like to have a glass. What about you?” He asked retrieving it out of his room and opening it.
“You said something to Sally. Probably something I would have been beaten for.” A small smile was on John’s lips. He shrugged nonchalantly.
“Come on, Sherlock. I will find some clothes for you.” Sherlock and Greg walked back upstairs where Sherlock simply shed his clothes and placed everything neatly folded on a chair. Again, Greg's eyes rested on his nipple-rings and Prince Albert. Sherlock didn't notice but went into the bath. Greg listened to the noises while he looked for something to dress for Sherlock. Finally, he chose some trackpants of Myc's, a t-shirt and socks. He laid it out on the bed and waited.
“I only want you to be happy here with me.” Mycroft said.
“Are you done already?” John asked but Sherlock shook his head.
“Walk around and sway your hips, bitch.” Sherlock carefully made a few tiny steps but with his hands tied and the enormously high heels, he didn't make it far. He fell down and it hurt. He groaned.
“There you are. Be careful with that. And get out of that bloody shirt, will you?” John stood and looked at him.
“Good morning, John! How are you doing? I have someone making you breakfast!” He walked over to him and expectantly looked at him. John rubbed over his eyes. He was dressed in the sheet of his bed since he had no fresh clothes.
“Lift up your dress and turn around facing the bed.” Slowly Sherlock reached for the fabric and pulled it up. He turned and looked at the bed.
“There are probably some Sherlock needs about two minutes for. I counted maybe three as an 8/10.”
“Yes, really.” He gently smiled.
John worried his lips. He needed to talk to him. Sherlock needed to tell him what bothered him that much.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I bet they are lining up to get to you.” Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock swallowed and suddenly felt cold again.
“I am sorry about the slippers.” He seriously said. John just had to smile.
“What are you talking about?” He quietly asked.
“Don't be. It was me who made you drink too much. How do you feel? Do you need a pill?” John asked.
“Oh, yes! You have been asleep! I totally forgot! I will talk to someone awake!” He pushed him out of the way and walked by John’s armchair.
Sherlock finally opened the bags and pulled out the clothes. He held up a pair of jeans, two t-shirts, and a sweater. Everything had a luxury brand, of course.
“Please, get on your back again and try to relax.” Dr Kim gently touched his sternum and looked at him.
“It's too late now.” Sherlock whispered and pulled a face. Tears fell from his eyes.
“Very well done. I am very pleased with it.” He pulled him back into the salon where his dom danced with him again.
“Well, if you so wish, I am telling you not to pack a suit! As much as I love looking at you all dressed up, I don’t want it on our weekend.” Mycroft looked at him.
“Yes, we are. Thank you.” Sherlock nodded at the hair-stylist and left with his brother. Inside the car, he took Mycroft's hand.
“Here, let me, please?” He quietly said holding up the towel for Greg to see. Greg relaxed into the bed and closed his eyes.
Suddenly John’s voice rumbled up from the pillow.
“Don’t get upset. Nothing is going to happen to you. No one will hurt you.” Sherlock was panting but John was also able to see his arousal pressing up against his pants. He didn’t mention it though.
“Sheee no worthy. No.” He quietly belched once and closed his eyes.
“There is nothing else to talk about.” He simply shrugged it off.
A while later the flat smelled of cookies and a cake John had created, so they could bring them tomorrow.
He quickly hit the button to send his text before he started to think too much about it. He swallowed and found his throat rather dry. Next, he called his brother who picked up very, very quickly.
„This looks very good. Have another ice-cream. Tomorrow you should be back to normal, I believe.“
“Well, he has other ways to deal with his brother.” Greg said with a smile on his face.
.” Greg nodded his OK and kept standing there while Mycroft got ropes out of his bag. He tied his wrists on his lower back and the feeling was intense. But then he bound his cock and balls, too, making him whine. It was throbbing and pulsing and he swayed on the spot. Finally, he got out a collar. It was almost the same as John's but had more engravings on it. Greg just lowered his head and Mycroft buckled it around his neck.
“No, Sherlock. Not now. Take your time. I am stopping this right now until further notice.” Sherlock reached out for John, still on his knees, but John turned around and left for his old room upstairs. Sherlock fell back on his heels and his hands rested on his thighs.
“Yes, slut, I did so very much. You were perfect. The meal was great and tasty. Everything was neatly arranged. You were the perfect host and I am very proud of you.” Sherlock blushed.
It was bliss, blinding white lights, stars moving before his very eyes. When he was spent, he looked up at Sherlock whose face was plastered in sticky cum and so was his neck and shirt. He looked taken aback but not angry.
“May I rest in the garden, please?” A very quiet question but Mycroft was glad he did even ask.
“What do you suggest?” He looked at Greg.
“Did it study?”
“I am not leaving you behind, my love, I am going to Tesco.” John spoke against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock mumbled something unintelligible.
“Sergej, what brings you here?” John asked. It wasn't a warm welcome, Sherlock thought.
“Does your leg bother you?” John sipped his coffee and stretched his leg under the table.
“As always.” They nodded.
He hurried home and even spent the money on a cab to be fast enough. He arrived at Baker Street and just shoved the key into the lock when he felt someone close. He quickly turned around and saw Greg standing there.
“Please, Master. I really hadn't noticed. I was working.” Sherlock looked up at him. Pleadingly.
“I’ll let you do it at your own pace. I only want you to concentrate on the task. That’s why I am going to blindfold you.” John looked at him again but slowly nodded.
“Would you do it again?” Sherlock quietly asked and John looked over his shoulder.
“You don't know what they did and that is what actually angers you.” Greg calmly replied.
“His guitar?” He asked and Mycroft slowly nodded.
“I think I am getting the idea.” John nodded.
He met John's eyes whose legs were loosely over the almost dead body. His cock was still half-hard. Sherlock jumped over and pulled the soiled condom off. He pulled down his trousers and sank on John's cock. He started to ride him placing his palms on his chest.
He heard him come out of the bath and turned around slowly. His eyes roamed over his body and widened at the sight before him. This man was absolutely gorgeous. He smiled.
John lowered him back down and on his side. Sherlock felt his cheeks being parted and a plug was pushed inside. He groaned when it got secured with another strap. Thinner ones came around both cock and balls.
The emotions ran through Sherlock and his guts coiled. This was all new. New emotions and new feelings. He had to sort through them and he had no idea how.
“That's true.”
He had just taken it away from John because he was using it to hide his erection. Sherlock pretended not to notice anything but of course he did notice everything. The bulge had been obvious. It was a rather interesting bulge. Sherlock needed to find out more.
“He was triggered due to what happened to Moriarty. He even tried to help them. He collapsed when we talked about relationships. I am very, very worried about him.” Mycroft seriously looked at him.
“I’ll better be going, Greg. Thanks for your time. Say hello to Mycroft from me.”
And last night, he had offered him to stay in his bed. Even though Ian had to sleep alone in there, he had been able to smell him. His blanket and his pillow smelled like his shampoo and shower-gel. Ian had slept well.
“No, it's like electricity running all over my body and through my veins.”
It took his dom a few minutes to come back to himself and he focused back on it. His hand relaxed.
“You look well-shagged, Mr Holmes.” He said and Sherlock closed his mouth. He also blushed. Then he gingerly tried to flatten his wild curls.
The pie went into the oven and he poured wine into a decanter. He polished a glass and carried it over. He found her sitting on the bed leaning against the headrest. He handed her the wine. Then he set up the little table in the room and she watched him all the time sipping the wine.
“Get on your fucking knees, slut!” Sherlock scrambled to obey and pulled his long legs under. He spread them by default. John slapped his cock several times very hard until he wailed. The sobbing continued.
“Don't leave me!” He begged him desperately but John wasn't able to reply. He just watched Sherlock fold his limbs on the floor. And then he didn't speak or move anymore. His eyes were shut tight and his body looked sweaty. He shivered.
“I wonder if you would like to do it again. I wonder why you submitted so easily.” John smiled and offered his lips. Sherlock gladly kissed him and then raised a questioning brow.
“We could need her help. I simply can't go out yet. And you won't leave me alone. She can do it.” They looked at each other.
John leant against the bondage rack and crossed his strong arms over his chest. One leg was over the other and he looked completely relaxed.
“Yes, it has. I did some research and I want to show you something.” John shrugged and expectantly looked at him.
“No, I know you like your bloody beef and you shall have it.” Both men suddenly thought about the hands and feet and the head which still sat in their fridge. They grinned at each other and kissed languidly until Sherlock’s stomach rumbled again. John shoved him off.
He could hear people walk by and cars drive on the streets above him, but who would look down? He had chafed his wrists open by now but couldn’t get rid of the rope.
He sat on a bench in Regent's Park holding his face into the bit of sun which was provided in England. God, how he missed the heat and the desert. The tremor in his hand was getting worse, too. The weather would be changing soon. He could feel it already. He sighed.
John checked his mobile while Sherlock went through his bathroom routine. There was a text from Greg. Suddenly John wondered how Sherlock had managed to hide him being a vampire around Greg when he was living with him.
“Yes, why not? I can do it. It’s like chemistry. Like an experiment.” Sherlock said and John had visions about beakers with sauces inside and things like that. But he didn’t say anything.
“Bela, this is my mate, Gregory.” He pointed at Greg and the vampire relaxed when he heard that. Instead, he hopefully looked at John but Mycroft just shook his head.
“Yes, I do.” He sighed.
Greg grinned shaking his head when following Mycroft upstairs. He stood close behind him when he unlocked the door. They walked inside and Greg was surprised.
“I know. I don't want you to change fundamentally; to change who or what you are. I love you. I fell in love with you because you are different. But some things have to be considered.”
“I don't know what to say. I did not expect this.” He quietly whispered.
“Ok, that’s how we’ll do it.” John binned the shredded bread and took a second helping. Sherlock just sipped his wine leaning back in his chair and watching John.
Finally, there were noises coming from outside. John was hurrying down the stairs. He probably wondered if the Christmas tree was still there. Sherlock grinned.
“But you’d like to have them anyway.” Sherlock was already collecting the needed things.
“Face the camera.” Sherlock turned and directly looked into it. The red light was on already.
The rope from his cock cage went up to his wrists again.
Mycroft and Greg looked at each other.
“I can do that. Yes. I know I can because I remember doing it all before.” His face lightened up.
“Can't you reach your cock like this?” He asked. John tried but it didn't work.
“I can give you a wash, Myc.” Greg whispered and Mycroft almost choked on thin air.
Sherlock looked for the second set of linen napkins and found them in the back of the kitchen cupboard. But they were fine to use. He folded them nicely and placed them beside their plates. He also found a candle holder and a candle. He added it, too. He looked at everything and finally put a plant from the window sill in the middle. He was pleased with his arrangement.
“Centuries ago, I saved the life of a Lycan's princess. They owe me. The pack promised I could call in one favour and they would come and help. I think, now it's the time.” John looked at him.
Now he was stuck in a dingy bedsit in Brixton because he couldn’t afford more in London on an army-pension. The room was damp and his body ached. He was tired because he couldn’t sleep. His limp had gotten worse. He also had to see a therapist because otherwise he wouldn’t get his full army-pension. He hated the therapy and he hated the therapist.
“No, I won’t. I love you, Sherlock. I worry about you. Constantly.”
“Thank you.” He chose a pin and stuck up his hair. It also looked nice because now his neck was free. John actually realised that he hadn't collared him again after the baby-play. And he wouldn't do it now.
“Jesus, John, you look hellish.” Now John remembered his name. It was Mike Stamford.
The sun slowly came up over Regent's Park when he heard Greg rummage in the bedroom and walk into the bath. He smiled and decided to prepare breakfast. He would brew coffee and quickly dash downstairs into that café. He had never been allowed there but now he was, wasn't he? Now one would forbid him. He had no money though.
“Can’t wait…” Greg replied.
“What poor doctor?”
“They were perfect. Thank you.” He poured another coffee.
“Hey, tiger. I will shove everything into their behinds I can think of. But nothing warm which belongs to you.” Sebastian couldn’t believe his ears. He just kissed him and didn’t know what to say. Moriarty smiled and Sebastian just had to tell him.
After some more snogging they got dressed properly and Mycroft carded through his short greying hair. Greg hummed. And then he took the opportunity to finally tell him.
“Come on in, Mycroft.” He smiled and gestured invitingly inside.
“Show our client how eager you are to please him.” That was a sentence which triggered his cock to swell. The man was indeed very pleased.
“It just hurt …” John roughly whispered. Sherlock stopped and turned back around.
“Ask John to be on the safe side.” Sherlock insisted.
“Because I told him Sebastian was with you. In your bed.” John grinned and had fun.
He sighed and straightened up. John was gone from his life. His brother had seen to that. Now he was free to do as he liked. And he would today with Ian who had kindly offered to spend time with him.
“Nothing. It’s all fine.” John replied without looking at him.
“I told you to blow your nose. Clean it.”
Now John just looked surprised. He also looked still angry.
“I don’t need my leg for getting laid.” Now it was John who raised a brow.
“Yes, it is, Gregory.” Greg grinned and shook his head.
He was curious what he would come up with.
It was late already and he wasn’t able to concentrate anymore. He was dead tired and wanted a drink. He poured a whiskey and fell into an armchair. His eyes fell on the rumpled bedsheets and the chaos Sherlock had created while John was gone.
“There we are. You know how to behave.” John whispered while they stood by the stairs.
“I want you to return unharmed because I can't ever lose you. You are my dom and I rely on you. Sometimes there are feelings inside me I can't explain. But I know how I felt when you were shot. I was scared. Scared I would lose you. Since you have changed your behaviour towards me, I feel much better. But still I know my place, know where I belong.”
Greg opened the door and smiled at him. This was a good sign, wasn’t it?
And he imagined Gregory's fingers and hands all over him. He imagined Gregory tie him into a suspension-rack and push him around. He imagined Gregory fucking him while being tied up. And he came. He groaned and spit out the water running down his throat. His body shook and he panted coming back to his senses.
“Don’t shrug it off and away if you don’t like it, Myc.” Greg said.
“Dr Watson, it is really very urgent. You can change after we have arrived in the safe-house.”
„I am sorry. How can you ever forgive me?“
Right on time, John entered the flat. A huge smile came up when he saw that Sherlock was home and even made tea.
“Yes, we did. I will arrange an appointment with one of Miss Adler's male employees.” Sherlock nodded.
He stared onto the carpet. Someone circled him, ruffled his hair, and moved his palm and fingers over his scars. He shuddered but didn’t move.
“Ian!” He yelled at his back and that stopped him. He carefully looked over his shoulder.
“I don’t want you to cook for me. I want you to be with me.” Sherlock said.
“The slippers are not important. I have some in my bag that you brought. And clothes.” He pulled the bathrobe close.
“Would you like a coffee?” Sherlock asked. But Greg shook his head.
The bigger problem would be his feelings. He needed to be ok with punishing him. He was supposed to dish out whatever punishment was suitable. He didn’t have to like it. Perhaps, it made Sherlock feel even worse when he saw John’s discomfort with it.
“No, I want you to enjoy and relax. So?” He insisted and it earned him a smile.
“Oh…” Sherlock hummed and leant back in his kitchen chair. The Chinese was delivered and John got to the door and paid the delivery guy. They quickly ate directly out of the containers.
John had had no idea that vampires were able to cry. His emotions clearly bothered him. He wasn’t used to having them and he didn’t like having them at all. He couldn’t really cope right now and was overwhelmed by his feelings.
“Yes, Master.” Sherlock bowed and wanted to get on hands and knees to crawl away but John stopped him.
“Listen, love. I suggest a fine meal tonight and we talk. I will explain what I like and what we need before we start this. When the items you have ordered arrive, we will go through them together. I want you to touch them and perhaps even try them out alone and by yourself. OK?” John asked.
Tears ran down Sherlock's face, leaving bloody traces, and Jim just smiled. Sebastian took his fangs and put them in a little box. Jim took it and left. The pain was over-riding everything and Sherlock was barely able to realise that the was pulled out of the chamber and placed into a cage. He had to sit all hunched in there since the bars were made from pure silver, too. There also was a camera in the corner of the room. He wasn't tied up anymore or gagged. He was too weak to try anything anyway. He just sat there and waited.
“Yes.” The answer came quickly and John smiled.
“Don’t look at me like that, John.” He shook his head and John straightened up.
John was holding his mobile and scrolled through his inbox. He grinned making Sherlock a bit uneasy. He hadn't seen that kind of expression before. Mycroft saw the soldier, the fighter.
“Outside. I already texted them. It’s all fine. They won’t be storming in.” There was a serious expression on Mycroft’s face and again Greg wondered when and why they would storm in.
John shook him once but he was gone. His pulse was just fine though and John wasn’t worried. He undid the ropes and everything else and just left him on the blanket for a minute. He brought the bottle away and picked him up carrying him into the bedroom.
They locked eyes and John saw how happy Sherlock was. He lifted both arms and John came closer. They hugged and when John lifted his head their lips met and they kissed. Just lightly and their lips barely brushed over each other’s but it was enough for now.
A while later, Sherlock was bored. He was alone. He wanted John to come back. He wanted John to make him dinner. He was hungry.
“Perhaps, it is better to wait with the rack at home.” Sherlock quietly said and John nodded.
“This is not your fault, Sherlock. I should have listened to him this morning. Instead, I became angry and left him without a clue. I should have stayed and explained.” Greg roughly whispered.
He didn’t have to wait long. He sat on their sofa when he entered the living room and curiously looked at him.
“I think I have everything upstairs in my bag. I will have a look when I am dressed. At what time do I have to go?”
“Lovely bastard.” He grinned and John shook his head slowly typing his reply.
“Perhaps I should.” She nodded. They quietly drank their tea until she spoke some more.
Sherlock’s body was limp, he was sleeping. John's hand on his chest wandered slowly down his body until it reached his belly button. Sherlock murmured something in his sleep but he didn't wake up. He moved around a bit though and his back was pressed against John. He pulled him a bit closer and his erection now pressed against his bum. This felt a bit too good.
“I know that. You are not used to this. Just please try not to break me.” That made Mycroft smile.
“You should know I’d do anything to help you. No matter how or what is needed. Be assured I enjoyed it very much and I might use it to edge you to madness someday. If I wouldn’t like it, I wouldn’t have done it. Are we clear?” John asked rather sharply.
“I am glad you found me and let me live with you. I feel like chosen. I feel like I am important, worthy, and liked again. Loved.” John sighed and looked up again. Sherlock just sat there and looked at him. His lips were slightly apart and his eyes were wet.
The examination was over quickly and Sherlock didn’t make a fuss. Dr Malvin promised to share the results as soon as possible and left again.
“Gregory?” Mycroft stopped him by calling his name. He turned around again.
“You haven’t eaten a lot, Sherlock. No wonder you are way too thin. You need to eat.”
Mycroft had given the order to kill John Watson on sight. There was no risk to be taken. Sherlock was more important than to interrogate the insane dom.
“Since I returned, I did nothing much because I had to somehow survive on my army pension.”
“Sleep, mate. I will be outside.” John hummed and turned on his other side. Sherlock got up and donned his dressing-gown. His brother followed him glancing at John for the last time. He didn’t wake.
John felt extremely good and now put the hat on. He looked at himself and grinned. Then he smiled. Then he posed. And then he felt utterly stupid and put the hat on top of the table until they were leaving.
“Even if we had such a thing, I would never do it.” Greg sighed pecking a kiss on his freckled shoulder and let go.
„Today I want to try something new.“ He announced and reached behind him. He held up a leather mask and pulled it over Sherlock's head. He shoved the deflated butterfly gag into Sherlock's mouth. The mask left the eyes free and had little holes to breathe. He adjusted it and pulled the strings tightly. He knotted it off at the bottom and closed the buckle, too. He also pumped up the gag and finally, the opening was closed and buckled tight, too. A short part of the hose hung outside and the pump had a little ring to be attached to the side of the mask. Sherlock groaned again and leaked a lot.
“I got overwhelmed, I admit it. Thanks for holding me back. Otherwise I would have spoiled my fun.” He pulled him down and kissed him in the most tender way making him moan.
Obviously, tradition said to put it beneath the tree. But the tree was monstrously big and it would completely disappear. John would never find it.
“Come here, please.” John went over to him and was pulled close. He hugged his broad frame and John hugged him back. He felt his cold body and hard muscles and tenderly rubbed his face against his chest.
„Why are you wearing his clothes, John?“ Sherlock finally asked shedding his coat and hanging it up.
“I did. I also need to tell you something.” John tilted his head in asking.
It became worse when his dom inserted a stainless-steel rod into his penis. Sherlock knew he only owned electric rods and he started to shake and tremble. He imagined he could hear his cruel laughter but of course, this wasn't possible.
“Will do.” They kissed again and Sherlock pulled and tugged until John rested by his side on the bed.
“No, I am feeling perfectly fine…” John thoughtfully said and finished the drink.
“Since we have cleared the air between us, we could now proceed to the nice parts?” Greg asked. Mycroft carefully looked up.
“And I really shouldn't talk to you about it. About how I failed her.” He sadly shook his head.
A piece of rope fell and Greg swallowed. Mycroft spread his legs and made a step forward.
“You mean he has ...”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and his head came up. Their eyes met and John raised a brow.
Mycroft approached him when he was dressed up and just slung his bag over his shoulder.
“Thank you, Master.” Sherlock was very surprised and it showed on his face.
“Our first appointment is due in half an hour. He is a regular and I want to simply demonstrate the suspension rack. He asked for it but he always asks for too much.” Sherlock slowly nodded.
John cleared his throat and his hips moved away. His grip loosened and Sherlock let go of his hands. His hands quickly became cold.
“So?” He just said gesturing for her to follow him into the living room. She delicately sat on an armchair and looked around. Suddenly he handed her a drink and she was surprised. She carefully sipped but found it good. She looked up at him. Big brown eyes looked back. He was such a handsome guy, probably bi.
“Open wide!” Sherlock obeyed instantly and John moved his cock over his face and lips until he was close. Only then he pushed back into his mouth. Sherlock’s eyes closed with lust and desire and he moaned around John.
“God, this was amazing…” He groaned and gently kissed his neck while he undid the buckle for the ballgag. He gently removed it from Mycroft’s mouth and he heard his jaw crack. He also took off the blindfold and watched his eyelids flutter. He slowly blinked his eyes open slowly licking his lips.
“What am I supposed to do?” Sherlock asked.
“That's why I am here. I will help you.” Greg said reassuringly.
“Very good idea. I will heat this up right away.” Greg took the box and placed it on the counter. Sherlock looked at him and opened his mouth. Greg tilted his head and looked at him.
John wondered what was going on in Sherlock’s brain but he didn't ask. Perhaps he needed this. Thinking alone.
“John?” At once, he entered the bedroom carrying a mug with tea for Sherlock.
“Because I want you to stay with me. I like you. Otherwise I wouldn’t have offered you this flat-share.” John all but snorted.
John and Sherlock stared at the box and then at each other. They stepped up close and suddenly John kicked the box very hard. From the inside came a muffled noise and both of them grinned. John looked up.
Then he heard the zip being pulled down and the body-heat emanating from the man. He heard him slick up his cock and then he felt him poke against his hole. And he was huge. He really was thicker than his dom. And he screamed the whole time while he forced his massive member into him. It hurt so much he had tunnel vision and felt very sick. But if he threw up, he would choke on his own vomit.
“Why are you upset, John? What the fuck happened?” John bit his lower lip and looked at Greg.
“Forgive what? And get up.” Sherlock quickly stood.
“You are telling me, if I’d put ice-cubes on your cock, you could still bring it up?” John asked.
“Well, never mind. I will tell you and you will tell him, won't you?” He said.
“It was a horrible sight, Dr Watson. I knew this woman for ages. She was with me since…” He shook his head and bit his lip. Emotions were such a disturbance. He was angry with himself to appear weak in front of Dr Watson. He didn’t mind Sherlock to see but the doctor was another thing.
“I kindly ask for Italian...” Sherlock replied. It made John grin.
“Yes, Master.” John pressed down a bit and Sherlock closed his eyes. It had hurt.
Sherlock stood slowly and his bones cracked. John slung his arm around his slim frame and murmured:
“I saw what you did for me.” They looked at each other and John held up his head as if waiting for something. Sherlock wanted nothing more than a kiss. He came closer and pretended to examine his face. In the process, he brushed his lips over John’s temples. He didn’t jerk away, Sherlock noted with interest. He had to be careful. He couldn't lose him because he was acting wild.
“This was amazing! You are a very happy man, John! Let's get it to bed and have a few more drinks. We can talk tomorrow morning.” He watched John binding it back to the crib. He switched off the light and closed the door.
“No, you don’t. I officially borrowed you. It has been cleared already. Don’t worry.” Mycroft had entered the dining room and took coffee, too. He sat down by Greg’s side.
“I am very happy for you. I already told Mrs Turner next door that you finally got over it.” She looked very pleased and walked back into her flat.
“Luke, what a nice surprise.” Greg grinned and shook hands with Mycroft’s head of security.
“It’s OK to be excited but I need you to relax. Can you do that for me?” John quietly asked. Sherlock looked at him for a few seconds and then simply shook his head. Tears welled up.
“No, Master.” Sherlock whispered. He really didn't want that but he also didn't want to be filmed and whored out.
After a while flesh slapped on flesh and he fucked him.
“What’s going on, Sherlock? What do you expect? I just made her go away! And you would know if I dished out a punishment!” John's eyes slanted while looking up at him.
“Isn’t this nice?” Greg asked looking up at him. Mycroft looked over the water.
“Off it goes and charm them, fuck them, handle them. It knows what I want.”
Soon enough he snatched his coat and pulled Sherlock up. He had him in a dead man’s grip and pushed through the water.
The pain made him move like a fish on the sand. He shook and twitched and his body flew from side to side. He strained his body so much; he made a half circle on the hardwood. On his back.
„I would like a drink now. What about you?“ John asked. Sherlock hummed his approval and shoved him off. John landed on his behind and looked up. Sherlock smirked down and it sent another wave of arousal through John.
His hands were tied with handcuffs on his lower back and he was led into another room. There were cameras and lights all over the place. There was a huge bed with black latex bedding on top as well as many other things normally used in a BDSM club.
“Let's change the topic back to the rescue of Sherlock Holmes, shall we?” Even his voice was cold and she thought he was just the right one. She had made the right decision coming here and she relaxed.
“I thought you only wanted my body. But I came to like you. A lot. I believe I love you. I can live with you only caring for my body. It’s more than I ever had.”
“I’ll even order takeaway for you but it’s too late.” Sherlock shook his head.
“I don’t know.”
“What are you trying to do, John?” John mumbled something like
Ian looked down his body wondered if his trousers were open or something.
“I had a wonderful night, Gregory.” He smiled.
“You will fuck me.”
“He told me he had to take over your therapy because his colleague whom you have been seeing for all these months isn’t a real therapist.”
“I knew why I didn't let this man close to you...” He shook his head. Sherlock didn't ask.
There was silence in the room and Greg's hopes went poof. But he stayed on his knee and kept looking at him.
“Telly?” They ended up watching crap telly and had a good time.
Suddenly they both turned their head when Sherlock deeply sighed and started to move. Mycroft stood from his armchair and sat on the bed instead. Greg stood behind Mycroft and placed his hand on his shoulder.
John wasn’t aware of the fact that everyone thought they were a couple. Neither was Sherlock.
The light in here was bright though and he put a towel on the toilet lid.
Sherlock carefully looked over his shoulder but John wasn’t looking in his direction. Sherlock grabbed a belt, a pair of denims and two shirts for John, too. On his way, he also found silken boxers. He bought him some in different colours, too. Only then he was pleased and paid. He returned with the bag.
John turned around and smiled.
After half an hour, John took the ring gag and the clamp off but the clamp was attached back on the nipple it originally came from. The pain elicited a suppressed shout and a strong twitch from his cock. He whined and looked down. His prick oozed precum and he was close to losing his battle.
“Ok, first the safeword. Your safeword from now on will be
“I meant two words, Sherlock. I meant Mycroft and romantic.” Sherlock grinned.
“I need to think about a lot of things regarding these games we play. Details and such. But let me tell you that I am already a very, very happy man.” Sherlock smiled and John beamed at him.
He hadn't been happy at all when realising both Sir Holmes and DI Lestrade would join them. But he had clearly underestimated them. Mostly his commander, Sir Holmes. He had heard rumours about his past but that was the past. The way he moved though and looked over them was something else. It told him a lot and he was secretly pleased to be under his command.
Suddenly he dashed deeper into the grounds with John on his heels. He picked up a shoe and a few metres on the second.
“You are wonderful, John. So beautiful for me, so obedient. You are perfect, John.” He whispered the praise and heard the noises John made.
“Will you tell me?” Sherlock stood and smirked. Mycroft was able to see the bruises and light rope-burns from the washing-line. Mycroft raised a brow but waited until Sherlock was clad in pyjamas and an old well-worn tee. They walked over and sat in the living room. Sherlock was still relaxed and sort of happy, so he even offered a drink.
“Good morning, you two. I thought your mate would like some real breakfast?” She looked at John who licked his lips.
“John! Where are you?” Sherlock was able to hear his brother, too, but from a certain distance. He also smelled wolves. Wolves?
Sherlock took the opportunity and quickly was by his side embracing him from behind. John’s arms were pressed against his body and he let out a surprised noise.
“Forgive me, please, Master.” He whispered and disappeared into the bath to empty and clean the bottle. John didn't acknowledge him when he returned to his side but Sherlock spoke anyway.
“I wondered about your job description. I mean, yesterday while we were riding, you looked like a pro. You could keep up with him.”
“I know, Sherlock. She is mean to you and I am trying to stop it, OK?  I will talk to Greg, too.” Sherlock would have preferred to talk to Greg alone but he didn’t say so.
He looked at his watch and found it was time to go back to the hospital. He had read the text from Greg who had told him he brought him food and that he was all fine. He also told him about meeting Mycroft and asked for some beers at their local.
“I am afraid so but I have to tell him. Otherwise, I’ll be bored and that’s not good at all.”
„Hey, don't worry. Since I have been living with Sherlock, everything turned out to be alright. I was much better, I found myself a job. It only worked because I thought that Sherlock was Sherlock. You know what I mean.“
He once shook his head to get rid of the pictures in his head. Beneath him laid his dom and trusted him. He didn't want to disappoint him. He would fuck him into oblivion and make him orgasm. Several times.
“It was great. Very good intel. Wipe that scared expression off its face, please? There is no reason.” But he kept staring into Sherlock’s eyes. And he clearly felt it. Something had changed between him and it. Him. Sherlock.
John returned the look and tilted his head.
“Give me a colour, please.” He said while buckling it.
John rather quickly forgot about it.
All in all, it made him feel better. He knew that his mind had changed since being trained by the agency. Sometimes he wished for orders because it made his life easier. Sometimes he wished for his dom's reactions, any reaction. And sometimes he just wished to be comforted, to be held by his dom.
“I want it right now. Stables!” Sherlock followed John outside and was pushed into a box. The two men who worked there didn’t even react. They were used to slaves everywhere. They didn’t mind. They weren’t slaves. They were well-paid workers and wouldn’t ever breathe a word about what happened here outside this place.
The smell hit him. Sherlock had pissed and voided his bowls into the cage. John stood in front of him and looked disgusted.
“Like he always did. Does.” Their eyes met again. John saw his fear and decided.
“Thank you...” A single tear ran over his cheekbone and he quickly cast his eyes. Dr Kim gathered his things and stood.
“Attracted his interest, apparently. The point is, you really think someone working in such close proximity to Eurus is going to be let off without a file? Please.” Sherlock turned his attention back to the body. “It’s not him, anyway, and it’s not Eurus. It feels… stunted, cut off, it’s not natural.”
“Yeah, I said it was bad.”
Molly jumped, turning towards him. “Oh! John! I didn’t see you there.”
Mostly John’s benefit.
James frowned, cocking his head to one side. “No. Why would I do that?”
For a second, John and Sherlock stared at each, then comprehension dawned on John’s face and he closed his eyes, leaning back. “Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ.”
“I don’t know.” Sherlock heaved a heavy breath. “I don’t like not knowing.” It just didn’t make sense. Why indeed? Why go to all that trouble to carve East Wind into a man’s chest? It couldn’t have been on Eurus’s orders.
“Alright, so what are we thinking then?” Lestrade asked. “A guard, maybe? From- Sherrinford, or wherever it was that you said your sister was- locked up, or-,”
No way.
“And,” echoed Sherlock again. “It means East Wind.”
“Oh, that’ll be John. John Watson,” Mrs. Hudson affirmed. “The both of them are off somewhere right now- on a case, I believe, but I’m not quite sure.”
“That’s it,” he muttered, and a door flew open in his mind palace. He crossed over the threshold and found himself in a courtroom.
It wasn’t really a question, but Sherlock answered anyway. “I’m not sure. His message was… unclear.”
“…nearly had an aneurysm trying to read that rubbish.”
“I agree,” said Sherlock, turning to face the two of them. John raised an eyebrow. It wasn’t often he and Sherlock saw eye-to-eye on moral issues.
“You were born in England, raised in a middle-class family, attended public school, had a perfectly average life; you’re used to blending in. You’re a distant relation of Molly Hooper’s; you sit in the background, you observe keenly but say nothing. You don’t get nervous easily, but when you do you fall apart completely. You’re single, partly because you’re not interested in anyone, partly because you have a deep-seated fear of commitment. How does that figure into your plan to rehabilitate my sister, I wonder? You know it won’t be an overnight process. You’re habitually quiet, stubborn, careless when it comes to your private life but careful when it comes to appearances. You’re insecure, ashamed of yourself, unemployed at the moment, reflective.”
Molly shifted nervously. “Around 24 hours, why?”
“Alright. Tea?” He held up one of the steaming hot mugs. Wordlessly, Sherlock reached up and took the cup from him, John walking over to the table and settling himself in front of his laptop.
eurus: im gonna kill you all
“What I do in private- what I do when I’m alone in my own mind… now there’s a question for the ages. Sherlock tried to crack it,” Eurus confided, her voice tinny through the loudspeakers in the control room. “He couldn’t.”
“Sherlock?” John asked curiously, and Sherlock shook his head to dispel the concept. He lifted one of the man’s arms off the slab to examine it. “Sorry. Far more likely the shot was fired by someone short, from the second floor of a building, probably built late-1990s.”
John appeared in front of him, facing him head-on, and Sherlock gestured upwards; only this time, it was the courtroom that fell apart around him, and the morgue came into view again, rising to surround him until he was back in the physical location of St. Bart’s, keenly aware of Lestrade’s presence close by.
“Sherlock, what the bloody hell was that?” asked Lestrade, and Sherlock realized that at some point, Lestrade had crossed over to his side of the body.
“Sherlock,” John warned, but Sherlock pressed on, advancing until they were practically toe-to-toe. Still, James stood straight and tall, gazing calmly into Sherlock’s eyes without the tiniest hint of exasperation on his face. “This is the greatest mind in the world, and you can’t just waltz in there and expect to- you’re not even a therapist.” Sherlock’s tone turned incredulous, and he turned to Mycroft, disbelieving. “He’s not even a therapist. He’s got a degree in mechanical engineering, for Christ’s sake,”
Sherlock waved a hand in the air, and John disappeared. “The court calls Greg Lestrade to the stand!”
“So is it some kind of code, maybe?” John guessed from beside Sherlock. Sherlock turned his head, inspecting the letters carved into the man’s chest as if with a very sharp, precise knife.
Eurus’s answer was disbelieving. “Aren’t you?”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said warningly from beside him, but Mycroft ignored him, striding blindly towards the doors of the control centre only to find his path blocked.
“A meeting,” offered James carelessly, and opened his mouth as if to say more, but froze when he saw the gurney in the middle of the room, on which was a dead body covered in a white cloth, the subject of the investigation from whose crime scene Sherlock and John had just arrived. He turned ever-so-slightly toward Molly without taking his eyes off the body and asked, “Is this it?”
It was almost polite. John pushed off the parked gurney and grabbed the manila folder on the counter, handing it to Sherlock, who opened it and spread the pictures out in front of him.
Sherlock and John both stopped dead, John turning to face Mycroft, who at that moment seemed tired, worn, and almost… vulnerable. Shaky.
“And how, exactly, is playing with a fidget spinner going to help solve the case?”
“Look at all the blood in the photo.”
Molly giggled. “You’ll see.”
Mycroft opened his mouth as if to respond, then closed it. He glanced up at Sherlock. “I assume Dr. Watson is staying for this?”
John appeared, pacing nervously, still wearing his coat.
“Why not?” James shrugged. “We’ve got to spend this time together. I may as well learn something from it, and you may as well have something to do. Besides,” he added, “if you’re going to have me kill myself, I may as well get something out of the deal.”
“John,” warned Sherlock as Mycroft snapped, “Watch your mouth.”
“The word was written specifically so that its pronunciation would be clear, so it’s not an official language or dialect, it’s something someone would use if they were typing in a different language but didn’t have that language’s keyboard. Judging by the parts of the mouth it uses, the way the tongue moves- Bahde Junub. Bahde Junub.” Sherlock moved away from the table, walking a few quick steps to fire up his brain, get it moving faster. “Bahde Junub, Bahde Jun-,”
In the control room, Mycroft’s heart skipped a beat. What the hell was James thinking? Panic rose with the bile in the back of his throat, and he rose quickly, feeling like he was going to be sick. He needed to get James out of there now.
“Let me out, James.”
“John, do me a favor, will you, look in those files and find what food was in this man’s kitchen.”
“I know what you do in private,” James countered. But Eurus only laughed.
James nodded, turning to leave. John watched him go, the volume of his footsteps receding, and when all was silent within the flat, Mycroft spoke. “Alright,” he sighed, tapping his umbrella against the baseboard. “I’ll find another-,”
“Whoa, whoa.” John reached out and touched Sherlock’s arm as he passed, and Sherlock froze. “Business where?”
John had just opened his mouth to demand answers when Sherlock stormed back into the room, looking as upset as the older Holmes behind him. John closed his mouth, straightening up automatically. “Mycroft,” he said with a nod, his tone cold and rather clipped.
“Right, but where would someone hear second-hand about Eurus? She’s a secret, isn’t she?”
John snorted in reply. “Well, last I checked, his security system was rubbish.”
John inhaled, pulling his hand away as his heart dropped. “It’s Eurus, isn’t it?”
James’s eyes flick down at the violin and then up, and John noted the perpetually mild expression on his face. “No. No, I’m afraid I don’t.”
“I’d like to discuss my potential escape from Sherrinford.”
“Why would I do that?” Eurus asked, and James once again abandoned his usual careful method in favour of more reckless phrasing.
The words shook him out of his addled thoughts and back to reality; he looked up to meet John’s eyes and saw reflected there his own confusion. John was just as confused as he was. John saw so little, and Sherlock saw so much, but at the end of the day, they were both equally lost.
He hadn’t been the least bit prepared for the job he’d been offered.
John and Sherlock exchanged glances before John stood and walked over to the door to open it while Sherlock fell back into his armchair. John opened the door to find an exasperated Mycroft and James Breakwell standing on the landing, with Mrs. Hudson, who seemed to be mid-monologue, right behind.
“Of course I’m serious, Molly. Don’t worry, it isn’t your fault. Look at the evidence.” With one gloved finger, Sherlock pushed one of the photos towards Molly. “He was lying on his face, his right arm is positioned as if he was clutching at his heart, so he’s right-handed.” Sherlock moved back towards the body as he spoke, lifting one of Faddies’s wrists. “Slight bruising on the wrist scratches and swelling around the ring finger; the scratches aren’t deep enough to be anything other than nail scratches, and there’s red residue around the marks from low-quality nail polish; so most likely a woman with sharp nails, pulling off the ring. She shot him, yes… but that’s not what killed him.” Sherlock spoke quickly, gesturing towards the photos. “Gunshot wound, yes?”
“Possibly,” murmured James, staring intently at the body’s top half.
Finally, John couldn’t take it anymore. “Are we going to talk about this?” he asked.
james: lol go ahead but teach me violin first
Sherlock frowned. “What?”
John’s confusion lasted a split second more until it dawned on him. “Oh… are you here to identify the body? Is that- is that why the body’s here, not in the morgue- like it should be?” he said pointedly, but Molly didn’t seem to take the hint.
“You said something,” he said to John, heart pounding, “something about Mycroft’s intuition.”
Eurus sat back, then regarded James, the both of them placid, unruffled, and James felt the first spikes of frustration run through him.
“Probably keeping our fine city safe,” suggested Cureton, “with the aid of Sherlock Holmes’s brilliant mind. Solving crimes together in perfect harmony."
“It’s awfully sweet of you to do this for us free of charge,” Mrs. Hudson called in the general direction of the landing in-between the first and second stories of 221B Baker Street. She climbed the final step leading up from the first floor and stood there, a cup of tea between her hands, gazing up with mild interest at the handyman screwing in the new fire alarm where he stood atop an aluminum ladder. “You know, if I’d asked Sherlock he’d never get around to it, and I don’t like to presume too much on John. Not that it’s likely he’d be able to reach up there anyway,” she mused, “even with the ladder.”
Forty-three seconds.
“This is insane,” Sherlock muttered. “Even for you, this is insane, and you had the bright idea to have me jump off a bloody roof.”
“By eight hours, a body decomposes a certain amount; the heart stops, the skin tightens and becomes greyer, the muscles relax, the bladder and bowels empty, the body temperature drops, the skin becomes waxy, the lips, fingernails, toenails all fade; but most importantly-,” Sherlock help up a finger- “the blood pools at the bottom of the body.”
“Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?” John scoffed. “She’s gotten to James. It only took her one session, and she’s already got him killing for her. Clearly, Mycroft’s intuition about him was rubbish.”
“No, not a guard. There isn’t much I trust about Mycroft, but he vetted every single guard who works at Sherrinford after-,” he waved a hand in the air. “Everything.”
“Yes,” agreed James, careful to remain unsurprised by her ability to read him, “I was. And you, I believe, were thinking about how I haven’t answered your question.”
Sherlock said nothing, leaving John even more confused than before.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, his ears buzzing, a sour taste in the back of his mouth, “step aside.”
“An unhappy marriage,” John guessed, putting the pieces together. “He was abusing her.”
“About what?”
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s not a matter of what they might do to her.”
“Oh, shut up, James, you’re not a part of this conversation. Mycroft, is this a joke? Is this payback for the clowns? Because I’ll have you know that action was fully justified.”
Sherlock was giving him an unimpressed side-eye when a knock sounded on the door.
“I do hope I’m not interrupting anything,” James said, ducking his head as he entered the room. John was about to reassure him when Sherlock spoke. “Don’t worry, Mr. Breakwell, your arrival is a pleasant distraction from my unsolvable game of chess.” He flicked his hand towards the chess set, James’s eyes following it curiously. “And the answer’s still no, Mycroft.”
Sherlock was focused on the screens as well; Mycroft snuck a couple glances in his general direction out of the corner of his eye to gauge their reactions. Sherlock seemed as unaffected as James, but Mycroft knew better. He knew his brother well enough to know that Sherlock was feeling his apparent failure to help Eurus all on his own more keenly than he let on, however ludicrous the idea that he’d succeed in the beginning. And Dr. Watson…
“Look, Sherlock-,” John sighed, licking his lips as if he was hesitant to follow through with his statement. “I think Eurus is able to take care of herself.”
In which James is v. tired.
“John, I thought we established that the shooter was a woman, relatively short, who speaks Farsi as a first language. James only speaks English, French, Spanish, Dutch and he reads Latin, it’s in his file,” Sherlock shot back.
He opened up a tab and took a sip of his tea, then a thought occurred to him. “You know yesterday when James was there? You didn’t deduce anything off of him. Why was that?”
“John Watson, state your case,” Sherlock murmured, starting to see the pattern that had been there all along. John stopped pacing and turned to face him as if he had only just noticed the consulting detective. “So how’d it go?” he asked. “Rubbish, or did he actually get anywhere?”
“I’m sure,” said Sherlock in a tone that left little room for debate. John shrugged, facing forwards again. After a few beats of silence, Sherlock spoke. “Anyways, he hasn’t given up. He’ll come round to Baker Street with James again.”
“Because you’re not… trained… for this kind of thing,” Sherlock blustered, waving a hand in the air vaguely. He cleared his throat and continued, desperately trying to avoid eye contact with the curious detective inspector. “Moving on.”
For a moment, everything was silent. Then John and Sherlock both exploded into a protest, James and Mycroft wincing at the sudden volume. When Sherlock had finished shouting about his brother’s irresponsibility, John leaned forwards. “You want to do what?”
John waited a beat, then asked, “What do you think?”
“Buh-day John-ob,” Lestrade read off the body spread out in front of them. He rolled his shoulders, looking over the gurney at Sherlock and John, who stood motionless on the other side. “We know who the man is, his name’s Ali Razaq and he worked at a law firm as a paralegal, but as to the words, do you have any inkling what it means? Because Anderson’s run it through a thousand translation programs, but it hasn’t clicked with any language or dialect.”
“Gunshot wound to the temple from the back, cardiac arrest as a secondary cause.”
Then it clicked.
“Yes, I’ve heard about these incidents,” reasoned James, stepping forwards, “but I believe if you give me a chance- I believe I can-,”
“Sherlock.”
“-and it’s really shameful that you never visit,” Mrs. Hudson was saying, as Mycroft replied with exasperation, “Mrs. Hudson, I’m very glad I’m welcome here, but-,”
Eurus tilted her head curiously but didn’t answer the questions head-on. “What do they hope to achieve, I wonder, by sending you in here?”
Sherlock regarded him coolly, mirroring Mycroft’s softness when he spoke. “You need to give him a chance.” The words were enunciated clearly but softly, a lengthy pause between each one. Slowly, Mycroft’s initial panic began to fade, and he shoved his hands in his pockets roughly before Sherlock could notice them shaking. He turned back towards the panels, avoiding eye contact, shame already welling up within him at having lost control so easily again.
John squinted up at him in confusion. For a moment, he looked like he was struggling with the concept, then he shook his head as if to clear it. “No, sorry, I don’t get it.”
“What does that have to do with the gunshot?”
Sherlock didn’t move. “Don’t ask stupid questions.”
No, there’s no way.
“Eurus?”
Then James, whose expression hadn’t changed an inch from before Sherlock’s speech, spoke. “N E 6.”
John stared at him in sudden realization, horror dawning on his face. “Dear God.”
Heartburn, more likely.
Molly nodded. “It is.” She leaned towards James, adjusting her position as if to better observe him. John raised an eyebrow, confused.
“And…,” John prompted.
“You were thinking about your reasons for taking this job,” commented Eurus, sounding almost bored. “You were thinking about how you almost turned Mycroft down.”
“To tell you the truth, I can’t.”
“Death by natural causes. Sorry, Molly.”
Twenty-five seconds.
“Morning, Mrs. Hudson; Mycroft, James,” greeted John, trying to fight back a smile. Before John could say anything else, Sherlock called out from behind him. “Hello, Mycroft, do come in. We’ve been expecting you and James.”
“Is it now?”
Mycroft still felt little currents of shame run over him when he thought about the good doctor, who had been there for Sherlock when Mycroft hadn’t, who had been so strong during their ordeal at Sherrinford, while Mycroft, reduced to a powerlessness he was completely unaccustomed to, had been almost completely useless, had fallen apart and to pieces. He still wasn’t sure he’d managed to put himself back together again.
When no one moved, James nodded to himself. “Right, well, I’ll see myself out. Mr. Holmes,” he addressed the silent Mycroft, “you know where to find me.” He stepped towards the door, pausing in the doorway. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, turning back towards Sherlock. For a moment he said nothing, then- “You didn’t really deduce most of that, did you?”
“And if she does that…” Sherlock trailed off into silence, leaving the end of the sentence unsaid. It needed no voice. The three men stood there around the slab, the weight of the answer ever-heavier because it was undefined. Sherlock felt it settle heavily in his stomach, weighing him down, and he knew in this instant that something had begun that wouldn’t be solvable with a deduction and a dramatic flourish.
“Quite the opposite, actually. His attacker tried to fight back against him. John, if I were to tell you that a man in his late 40s, married but separated, who lived alone but who, according to neighbours’ statements- you’ll find those in the file, John- occasionally was seen driving a rather unhappy-looking woman into his home, was found dead on the floor of his house with nail scratches on him and a ring on the floor-,” Sherlock picked up and threw down the final crime scene photo. “-what would you think?”
John watched Mycroft’s face carefully. He didn’t seem upset or disappointed- when he said nothing, John cleared his throat, looking to Sherlock. “Back to Baker Street?”
Sherlock stopped dead, his eyes shifting left slightly to meet John’s. For a moment, they had a silent conversation; then with a roll of his eyes and a slight toss of his head, Sherlock continued.
Ten seconds.
John turned to see James silently held out his hand, and Molly begrudgingly placed a five-pound note in it.
Sherlock allowed his eyes to dance across the laboratory in St. Bartholomew’s Hospital, deserted except for the two of them. “With Mycroft. He’s waiting for me outside,”
Mrs. Hudson gave him a look.
Sherlock frowned at James, making eye contact but saying nothing. He turned his chin towards John. “John, who’s this?”
“Hm.” Sherlock pushed aside a lock of the man’s hair. “Male, late 30s, Irish.” His eyes flicked down Faddies’s body. Carefully, methodically, he lifted Faddies’s arm off the gurney and inspected it carefully, then- “John, could you bring me those crime scene photos?”
“Anything you like.”
John frowned. “It?”
Wondering why Mycroft was here and more confused than ever, John rolled his eyes, jerking up to stand beside Sherlock as they both bent over the body.
If Sherlock didn’t stop playing with the fidget spinner, John was going to fucking strangle him.
Thank you for reading! Comment and tell me what you thought!
“Bahde Junub is stunted, cut off,” Sherlock replied, “as if it was heard second-hand.”
James rocked on the balls of his feet and took a moment to collect himself, a moment to become keenly aware of everything around him. “No, I’m not.” He meant it, and it was important that Eurus understand this. She was an interesting figure, in control of everything except herself. “I’m just here to talk.” He decided to change the subject. “I’m told you enjoy human interaction as a whole.”
“He wouldn’t have let me go if it were that dangerous. I am no fool, Anthea. I do appreciate your concern though. But your Mr Holmes needs a bloody wake-up call.” Greg had reached the motorway and pressed down. The car shot forward.
“What for?” Sherlock sounded confused.
He trusted Greg to arrange something. He had just bought himself chips and fish when his mobile dinged. With an oily finger, he checked the text and Greg told him what he needed to know. They would talk later tonight. Greg would come over after John had returned from work.
“Do you want a reward?” He closed his cuff-links and John just kept looking.
Sherlock managed not to step on the fabric but climb into it. He pulled it up and stuck his long arms through the holders. He managed to grab the zip on his back but wasn’t able to close it all the way.
“We need to get you something to dress. Something fresh. And you should wash up very carefully.” Greg suggested.
“I think I have earned a drink then; don’t you think?”
“What? What about me?” Lestrade shook his head not understanding what Sherlock was talking about.
And now he had told him he needed the place for himself. Probably only because he wanted his new boy-toy to move in.
“Huh.” Sebastian kept looking at him.
“You are such a control freak, Myc.” He shook his head.
“How did it smell like?”
“Go back to sleep, Sherlock. You need to rest.” Greg quietly said watching Sherlock move on his back again. Very slowly Mycroft crept back.
He felt much better. A few months ago, he would have ignored what happened, wouldn’t have talked about it. But these times were over.
“I feel hard and aroused.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“He does not know what to do up here.” A small smile was on his lips and Greg returned it.
“I am not
“Stupid people.” Sherlock replied. He turned back to John.
“You know I had to do it. I didn't want to be suspicious. But he was so hesitant. He also was very talented.” Both the women's smiles were a bit lopsided.
“You sure did. How did you finally get through?” Greg wanted to know.
“It was just a phone call. It was the least I could do for you.” They looked at each other.
He knew he had been acting wild. He had felt provoked. He had lost control. Normally he would have left the country for some diplomatic mission, or any mission, but now he couldn't because of Sherlock.
“How are you feeling now? Any pain? Can I do anything?” Sherlock asked sitting back on the bed.
He lowered himself carefully on top of Mycroft with his eyes closed. Both men were panting and Mycroft slung his long arms around his shoulders.
“This has to stop! I am on a case! I can’t be distracted like that…” He pressed his thumb into the cut and it became better.
Sherlock rutted against his thigh. He felt his still covered groin. John still wore his boxers and t-shirt.
“Give me the damn soup!” John hissed and reached out. Ian handed it over but stayed and watched him eat.
This human male was doing things to him, he had never experienced before. This was definitely different from the games he played with Mycroft’s livestock in the past. It was so much better because this was his mate right in front of him on his knees servicing him.
Only then John called Mycroft who came over at once joined by Greg and a special forensic team not belonging to Scotland Yard. They took over while John hid in Sherlock's bedroom. He had started to call it his bedroom after having returned into his old room. Now he sat on his desk-chair and remembered their good times.
“Could you switch it back on? Please?” Mycroft realised he hadn’t removed it and he bit his lip. But Greg didn’t seem to mind at all, so he just switched it back on. Only in a slow pulse for now.
John placed the mug in front of him on the coffee table.
“Nonsense! I just have a headache.” John lifted himself up and groaned doing so.
When he saw Sherlock, he smiled and stepped up to him.
“I tried to be thorough.” Sherlock said quietly and pressed his lips together.
He was because John had threatened him with the utmost pain and unbearable treatments if he wouldn't do it. Sherlock didn't dare tell either Greg or his brother because he knew what John was capable of. That way he had lost all possible help he had out there. Plus, he still didn't want to be left alone, left behind.
„No! John, no!  You had every right to push me back. What I did, almost did, is unforgivable. I really don't understand why you are still here looking at me.“
Suddenly the movement stopped and the ropes were taken off.
“Would you like another tea or something else?” He politely offered. John just nodded.
“The first days with John were like being in heaven. He was gentle and lovable. He actually deflowered me. It was wonderful. A while later he told me about his fantasies and his time as a dom. I had no idea what he was talking about and he explained it. Of course, he lied to me, gave me a light version, and made it interesting. I wanted to explore. You know how I am and John saw it, too.”
She asked.
“If you wish?” John actually looked forward to the blow job. He hadn’t had a blow job for ages and now this wonderful man would take his cock and probably suck his soul out.
John was extremely worried. He sat on the floor in front of his bed and kept holding his hand. Hours later he fell asleep with his head resting on the mattress.
Finally, he started to move his head back and forth. He had to please John.
Then he listened into the flat. John seemed to be still asleep. Meaning, coffee wouldn’t be ready yet. Sherlock sighed. He shed his clothes and went through his bathroom routine.
Quickly he changed and his dom took care of his longish hair by himself. He twirled his wrist several times and shoved a pencil through the knot. Then he looked very pleased.
“Mine?” Sherlock asked raising a brow. Mycroft shrugged. Sherlock slowly sat up.
“We are ready to leave. But we have to take the evidence with us. A restaurant is therefore out of the question.” Sherlock looked at John as if wondering if he would become angry.
“I actually felt happy when stopping him. I might have pressed the tazer a bit longer than strictly needed.” A small smile pulled Mycroft's lips up and Greg was surprised. But then he smiled, too.
“No, of course not. I later even forgot it. I don’t mind. The main thing is that you are happy.” He didn’t put it back on him.
“Can’t…” Tears already ran over his cheekbones. John stood and poured him a whiskey.
“Come on, beautiful. Let’s take a bath.” John took his hand and pulled him along. Sherlock followed suit. He sensed that John liked this. Not only because of the whirlpool but Sherlock inside it, too. It relaxed him and he quickly settled down.
Carefully he pulled the t-shirt back down and held back his tears. Standing in their living room he pressed his hand over his mouth and exhaled loud and shakily.
“Aren’t you secretly pleased to see me again, Johnny-Boy?” He shook his head trying to shake off his hand.
“No, he hates them. He would never see one. Talking to us must be enough.” Greg replied.
“I don't know what to say. I don't know what I would do without you, Gregory.” He looked at him and Greg reached out for his hand.
John saw his dilemma and made him sit.
“I'll get it myself. The kitchen-slaves are not allowed inside my wine-cellar and fridge. They break too much of the expensive stuff and punishing them all the time makes me so tired.” John even looked exhausted saying it and Sergej heartily laughed.
“We will, John.” They arrived at Tesco and Sherlock paid the driver. They entered the shop and John got a shopping cart. Sherlock followed John through the aisles. He bought milk, toast, different sorts of jam, some chocolate and nosh as well as fruits and vegetables.
Then came the voice.
“Oh. I am sorry.” He hurried downstairs again and John could hear him order his food. He shook his head and changed into his sweatpants and a t-shirt. Hopefully Sherlock wouldn’t tear this one off of him. He really liked it. He remembered his cold feet and put socks on, too. He should have bought slippers, as well.
John thought he looked tired and exhausted. Perhaps, it had been a bit too much. He must be drained. He needed to eat.
“No, this is not mine to do. You have to do it yourself. Get rid of it. Get rid of this damn sign of ownership, Sherlock!” Greg stared into his eyes and Sherlock met his gaze. For once the brown eyes seemed to shimmer metallic. Hard. This was a different person coming out and Sherlock felt the power. He swallowed. Greg seemed to be so strong. If he would help him, perhaps he could survive all this.
John thought. After a few seconds of mulling things over, he decided to go for it. The worst scenario was to be kicked out but he didn’t think that was bloody likely.
“Is this inappropriate?” John had to smile. This was so Sherlock.
“You won't. I will even try to eat more regularly. For you. For you, I would try to do a lot more.” Now they looked at each other again and Sherlock bent his knees to have the same height as John.
“Yes, I know. It’s just, I can’t think about that now. It’s something very serious and we need to talk about it.” John said and at once knew it wasn’t enough.
John forced the silicone thing into his mouth and his jaw cracked. The edges were torn right away. Colourful ribbons were tied behind his head. His mouth was forced wide open and he groaned.
John sucked him as if his life depended on it. His own pleasure was permanently present but he wasn’t able to come. His cock and balls hurt but not too much that he needed to safeword.
“You may once lift your hips, John.” John did that, too, wondering what Sherlock wanted to do.
“He is sleeping now.” Mycroft quietly said. Greg had poured him another glass of wine and shoved it over. Thankfully, Mycroft took it and drank.
“Please, eat something before you dash away. And see to have water close by. A lot of water.” Greg just nodded and got out of bed. He felt a bit better already.
John looked at Ian.
“Very good. Thank you.” He kept walking and stood close behind. He was almost as tall as Mycroft and his breath ghosted over his shoulders. His freckled shoulders. Sergej had never seen someone with so many freckles. He smiled and carefully moved his hands over his skin. He tensed but relaxed again rather soon. He probably didn't like himself but his boy-friend did.
When John entered the bedroom after him, he dimmed the light and approached him.
“Well, I could use some help with my books. Can you do that? Accounting, I mean?” He asked and Sherlock shrugged.
“Do you actually want him to court you? That might be quite a challenge under these circumstances.”
John wondered how much this had cost but didn’t ask. Sherlock was very excited and wondered if John approved of the place. He dared to look at him and their eyes met.
He pushed the door open and found Mycroft wasn’t there. So it was just an angry or bored or both Sherlock.
He carefully did not look at John but he felt him looking back at him. He picked up his hairdryer and returned into the bath. There he smirked into the mirror.
John was missing. Again.
Mycroft sat at the kitchen table and admired his ring. His engagement ring. He grinned and turned his hand in the light from above. Then he sighed and turned back to his tablet. He checked Sherlock’s whereabouts and he became worried when he saw him dashing outside and leaving by cab. He also glimpsed Ian who looked confused.
“Mate.” Greg answered.
“Thanks, mate. See you soon.” Greg pushed open the door and entered. He stood in a carpeted drawing-room. It was quiet and he decided to get out of his shoes when looking at the plush carpet. He left them by the door and also shed his coat placing it on a hook on the wall he found suitable. There was no wardrobe after all.
He stood in the middle of his living room and pulled a face. It smelled of cigarettes and alcohol and a little bit of food. He opened the window and leant on the sill. He looked over Baker Street and smiled. But then he stopped when he saw a black sedan parking a few steps away. He slanted his eyes. His brother still sent protection when he thought it was needed. He sighed and shook his head closing the window again.
His stomach was empty, an empty, dark hole. His throat was dry. But he had to wait until he got fed.
“I wondered if you would like to do something about your hair.” Mycroft carefully said looking at his younger sibling.
“Do you really think it good?” He asked and carefully touched his hair.
John was fast asleep when he came back into the bedroom. He quietly dressed and let him sleep. He had a day off today and needed his rest.
Mycroft promised to send a doctor to calm him down. Sherlock felt better after having spoken to his brother and finally sat down and closed his eyes.
“He just wanted you to stay.” Sherlock tried to explain.
“I am sure Miss Adler will provide video footage.” Mycroft smirked.
“Thank you, pet. This is nice.” He sighed and sipped it. But he still didn’t speak.
“Whatever could I find that Anthea hadn’t already put her elegant fingers on?” Sherlock wondered but promised to do so.
The next morning found Mycroft in Sherlock’s flat. He looked around and found it rather clean and tidy, probably Dr Watson’s work. He smelled tasty food and a bit of alcohol. And when he opened the door to his bedroom, he also smelled sex. He grinned looking at the two entangled men on the bed. This Dr Watson chap looked very well shagged. He moved to Sherlock’s side and once pulled a strand of his hair. He opened one eye looking up at him.
“Raven, it's been some time.” Mycroft listened.
“Well, if you can’t tell that anymore, Lestrade … Anyway, your officers trampled all over the place as did other people before. No evidence there. And even if, Anderson wouldn’t find them.”
“It's entirely my fault. I never should have told you, John. He was right in the end, he was.”
“He has been here for about half an hour already, John. Do keep up.” Sherlock chided.
Afterwards John told him again to do as he liked and disappeared upstairs into his office. Sherlock looked at him leaving and for once felt good. Then he actually dared and opened the door. He slowly walked down the stairs and stood on the pebbles. Then he took off his shoes and socks and placed them by the stairs. He made a few steps over the pebbles and stood on the green. It was a beautiful feeling and he closed his eyes holding his face into the sun.
“Sounds very exciting. See? Was that too hard?” Greg asked and grinned.
“Not you again …” He almost moaned when he recognised James Moriarty hovering above him. He had stopped poking him when he had opened his eyes. Now he palmed his face instead and his thumb stroked over his cheekbone.
“I just knew you could tell a story!”
He found a bathroom, too, and indulged in a bath. Before that, he showered to wash away all the blood. When he came out, he found a tray with food on the table under the window. He hadn’t heard anyone enter, but he was thankful he was given a meal. They had also prepared warm milk with honey for this throat. He sat down and devoured it all very slowly because he enjoyed every single bite. He was so very grateful.
“I will ask him over for tonight.” Then he texted his brother and he confirmed.
“No, really, you are a person who can tell a story. I’d like to hear it.” Sherlock watched them interact and was glad this worked out. He considered Greg his friend and he wanted him to be happy. And if Mycroft would be the one so be it. He would do anything to make his brother happy, too.
She ripped off the strips and he suppressed his cries. She giggled again. She repeated the process until there was no more body-hair whatsoever. Luckily, he hadn’t much body-hair. And even more luckily, she shaved his genitals and didn’t wax his skin there.
“Your presence is always known. Lestrade felt it today as well. You have no idea how you make other people feel. Your presence is the reason why everybody loved to see you on stage.”
“Bring the chair and some ropes!” Sherlock did that, too. John stood and took the rope. He tied Sherlock’s wrists on his lower back. He made him sit on the chair and tied his ankles to the back legs. He pulled his wrists through the wood and tied his arms to it, too. And then he went into their bedroom to get more supplies.
“He said he expected a severe punishment after this. And I didn't contradict him.” John shook his head.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock stood, too, and let him out. He locked the door again and then changed the code for the alarm system.
“I obviously misread the signs.” John admitted with a smile.
“I know that. That's over. I love you anyway.”
Greg had picked up the ring and licked it clean. He looked at it again and then back at Mycroft.
After lunch they had a drink and sat by the fireplace. Sherlock looked at his brother.
“Yes, I thought so. You like this! Slut!” Sherlock bit his plush lips and tried to free himself once more. John just shook him like a colt.
Now his dom was all over him and rolled him on his front. He once slapped his behind and Sherlock knelt face down on the mattress. He spread his legs wide and John grabbed his hips. His hole was still loose enough from yesterday’s activities. Or at least John thought so and pushed into him.
“I believe you must be hungry after all of today?” There was his dom standing in front of him. Sherlock's head came up and he spread his legs.
Irene Adler cast a last look at Mycroft but he was focused on Sergej. She nodded to him and left them alone.
