The tension between them is so thick it’s even worse than the fog of the dust, even worse than the deep dark of the night.
The smile Tony gives him is
“Yes, Boss?” FRIDAY responds over the low snarl Nebula gives in protest.
They—
“Will you sign them?”
And then laughs, and laughs, and laughs, and Steve’s heart
“The UN.” Ross reminds him firmly. “Or did you forget this is what this whole mess is about? To put the Avengers under the supervision of a council that’s prepared to deal with the messes
(And now what?)
we jumped too fast, I’m
“I realize my husband is not an easy person to live with, Jarvis.” Maria continues, lowering her gaze. “I don’t pretend to be ignorant. Howard was harsh with Anthony, even when he was little. I still keep the circuit board he built, after he tried to destroy it when Howard didn’t react well.” She sighs, as if it pains her to say it out loud. “I was not as present as I should. Not as supportive as I could. Neither was Howard. Sometimes, Anthony was more your son that he was Howard’s, and I’ve never shown you enough gratitude for it.”
“You should come over, sometime.” Steve offers, suddenly, talking fast, as if he’s trying to get the words out all at once. “See Ma again. She would love that.”
(A deep breath. Closed eyes. A silent goodbye.)
“I need to see if it’s ok anyway.” Tony insists. “I had my AI with me before I left Earth. The connection was severed when we breached the atmosphere – I need to try and reconnect, to see if she’s alright.”
Tony once thought, after Afghanistan, after too many sleepless nights and too much self-hatred, too many instances where he almost reached up and removed the freshly places Arc Reactor from his chest himself, he thought—
“Well, not in these exact words,” Tony shrugs, “but he asked if he could also ask JARVIS to buy things for him and I said yes, and right after that he ordered enough purple paint and oreos that I would be concerned, if I cared. Luckily, I don’t.”
useless he is in helping those who need.
“I can only imagine he would go back for Gamora.” She frowns, the expression tight in her alien skin. “But if he got the Soul Stone, I doubt she’s still alive.”
(Thank God he’s clean.)
Even so, he steps out first. Even so, he’s braver than Steve.
him. And that’s saying a lot. That – That’s it, I made him, it’s on me, and that’s why your… You were the one who made Vision worthy. Not me. And it doesn’t matter, it
Ultron had been emotional in a way Tony never had programmed his creations to be. JARVIS had emotions, of course, but his acting on them had been
“What is he going to say when they ask him why he followed you to Leipzig?”
is like? Just – blurt out sensitive information with no warning on someone who is kinda virtually a stranger?
They will not leave, at least they say so. Maybe the most sensible thing would be to take a day to think, to process these suffocating emotions in blissfully empty rooms, shielded away from prying eyes and embarrassing exposure, but that is a luxury they no longer have. Where the Compound used to feel thankfully big enough that they could avoid crossing paths entirely if they didn’t want to speak, now, its emptiness is an unstoppable reminder of all the things that are missing where they should be filling up the empty spaces, and they can’t help but seek each other out, aching for companionship, or even the smallest feeling of comfort in another living being’s presence.
(Is the world ungrateful? Is it restrictive? Is it unfair?)
“Oh my God.” Pepper gasps, putting a hand on her mouth, her face going impossibly paler. “Tony, you can’t be— Oh
Saying we were attacking them and destroying their countries. People were afraid. How long until they were too afraid that we would have to shut it all down? And then, who would have protected the Earth?”
Sudden and broken and – a gleam, a tear, right there, trickling down his fur, and Tony’s own eyes burn and water out of
he can feel the sun
Rogers.)
“And aren’t wormholes exactly what the Space Stone
(God, this is a bad idea.)
(No.)
“Yeah, if you’ve got some pretty strong energy store lying around somewhere!”
“But isn’t that the
“If we have to.” Tony snaps.
“Might just be the blood loss.” Tony points out, unhelpfully, distantly realizing he’s sounding a little slurred, and his sweat feels cold. It’s clamming at the back of his neck and going down his lower back, his hands starting to tremble a little. “Are you cold? Or is it just me?”
“Alien metal.”
they’ll go to somewhere else where they can keep low and help Bucky adjust to the future properly. They wouldn’t
“There’s no threat!” The voice assures him, hasty and firm, almost aggressive, refusing to be ignored. “We’re safe! Stop that! We’re safe!”
Thor’s father, probably. Someone equally powerful. And now he has a sister, who is just as strong? Who
He doesn’t want her to go back there.
Tony stares, unsure of what’s happening.
No one did this to him. He did this to himself, and he knows what he is doing, and it’s
“I mean
Self-conscious, feeling the pinprick stinging of shame burning hot on his neck, Tony looks over Pepper to look for Nebula, only to see her gone and, after a quick sweep over the room with wide eyes, nowhere to be found.
Against his better judgment, despite all evidence that their odds are not good – actually, they might be the worst odds that there ever existed – Tony feels…
Rogers out of the Quinjet closely, nearly side by side, as he runs forward and Tony immediately shoots up and tries to gain altitude, to analyze the situation from above, to give him visuals and decide the first course of action.
“Stark—”
cold that chills him to the bone and finds in there a home, to never leave him again.
He’s surprised to see Bruce in the Jet, rattled and sleep mussed as he is. He wrings his hands together, knees bouncing anxiously where he sits already strapped down by two security belts, eyes wild with fear. He’s still in his pajamas too.
His tone makes it very clear that Tony has no other choice.
Suddenly, he is right there. He’s not alone, because Steve can see a guard a few meters behind him –
What about a man? What does a man fight for?
of apologizing to do when we get back.” Sam chuckles, dragging out the vowel in the word
Wanda exhales, as if that is unbelievable.
Tony doesn’t either.
To take something painful and twist it into so many directions he can’t recognize it anymore. Until he can use it as fuel, and not as a chain.
He then stops and frowns, as if deeply confused.
Tony has his shield, he needs – he needs to
(He’s so
“Don’t try me, Tony.” Rhodey threatens, not meaning it even a little bit, and Tony can’t do anything but smile against his skin. “You know I’ll do it.”
She told him to come upstairs, he remembers, as he dries himself with a towel absentmindedly. He doesn’t know how long ago, he realizes, as he slips into comfortable sleeping clothes, worn out and faded by time and constant use, things he kept for no reason even as he moved out and bought new ones. She had been busy, he tells himself, as a way of comforting his racing heart, as he sits on the edge of the bed and stares at the floor, twisting his toes on the carpet, just to feel the soft scratch of it.
“Yes, Jarvis, I’ve told you.” Maria insists. “It’s him, I swear. It’s Tony.”
Natasha gives a tiny nod in agreement, and they both start decluttering the table so they can leave. Steve gives them a quick glance, but his eyes don’t linger for longer than a second, his gaze being pulled back to the television like a magnet. He feels like it’s not quite
clearly don’t give a rat’s ass about
the bias in the reporters’ words, some very openly condemning Tony’s team or Steve’s team, calling Scott brave or a menace, pushing and pulling in different directions so intensely they can’t really tell what’s going on. He can’t trust any of those words. All he can do is wait for the final verdict, and wish with all his might that the outcome will be a good one.
He doesn’t want her tense like that. Not if she really came to help. Steve will gladly have her by his side, always, because Natasha is a good friend, even after a tough fight –
In this particular matter, they are too much alike, him and Nat. Steve doesn’t know how he should feel about that.
Which had been fair. Tony hadn’t known what to do about Vision either.
(And you think you have any right to tell me I didn’t listen to you!?)
“She destroyed it, but—" Bruce coughs, the words getting choked up in his throat, too big to be uttered, too painful. “He had the Time Stone. He turned back time and made it whole again.”
Nebula makes a huff so soft it’s almost inaudible and averts her gaze. It feels like it’s on purpose.
“Okay. You gave me your opinion as a teammate.” He says, ignoring her attempt at a taunt, still far too worried to allow their banter to deflect him from this. Steve is not running from this conversation. Not anymore. “And as a friend? Were we… You think we were dangerous? To each other?”
“There is one element already known to withstand the power of an Infinity Stone, according to my records.”
trying to set them up to bring them back by force after the diplomatic approach proved to be ineffective.
“A lot of people had a lot of things to blame us for.” Bruce reminds him, wryly.
It has happened, over and over, so many times before. Tony can practically write a manual on it now.
He will not fight over this.
He knows how to recognize her. He’s been waking up next to her for years.
(You thought the world you catch on fire.)
“Maria.” Howard calls, and the extra second she takes to raise her head and look at him feels like an eternity. His blood is thrumming with energy. “Come with me for a second.”
“Well, you understand.” Thor drops his hands, with a sigh of resignation. “I know you have many names for these events, but the truth is that many of those are exactly the same event, simply in different scales. The force that pulls an – an
“As far as I am aware, the heroes currently acting only inside the US territory are using private resources and have no association with the government, so they are not required to comply with the Accords. As for legal protection, they are only secured by those laws already in place in the American legal system.” Vision informs them. “So far, all active superheroes outside the Avengers Initiative are being protected by rights of self-defense and defense of others, and in certain cases, clauses of duty to rescue. The legal classification varies from case to case. It was considered that all current active heroes to be included under the protection of Good Samaritan Laws, but the suggestion has yet to make its way to congressional approval.”
“I’m glad you’re here.” Wanda tells him kindly. “It’s good to see you.”
“We shouldn’t leave Earth it’s absolutely necessary.” Rogers says, in a tone that is all command and authority, which only makes the absurdity of his words even more…
“Soldiers would come through seeking food and medical aid. They’d ask for prayers and tell us stories of the war effort, but I hardly heard any of them. I was too numb. But then one day there was a new story, about this boy. They were calling him ‘the lion of Austria’. He was even younger than I was, but they said he stood up to an entire regiment of enemy troops and prevented the enemy from advancing on an undefended village.”
Pietro narrowed his eyes at Bucky and in Romany muttered lowly, "Wanda won't eat. She thinks you're trying to poison us like they did."
Exhaling deeply Steve sagged against the railing, and thank god for it or he might have fallen. Head swimming dizzily, he imagined pitching forward to the floor below. The fall would be quick, and he didn’t mind the sound of that. Except Tony was down there and he’d have to see it.
Maybe if he hadn’t been so damn selfish -
When he’d been little Ian had been what grown-ups like to call difficult. He had never liked it when Da had to go away. It wasn't that difficult to figure out. Father leaving had always made mama and Baka anxious and sad, and Ian had worried that he wouldn’t come back.
“Yes, Captain.”
“They’ve been focused here, chasing a ghost.” She answered with a droll look. “But a few days ago, there was an alert that came from Erlangen. A suspicious vagrant was called in by an informant who gave a description. A woman was caring for him before he ran off. They thought it might be Major Rogers.”
“I’m afraid I can’t predict what the poles will do.” Striker said politely and Göring snorted.
Steve looked away. He didn't like leaving the letter around where anyone could find it but he did not wish to be unfair to the children either. He had only just returned after all.
"Why don't you come in."
“To your health, Captain.”
There was a clanging from somewhere in the front, and Steve looked on through the wired fence, watching the Krippo scurry like ants to prepare for new arrivals. More prisoners on trains to be unloaded and disbursed all over Dachau. The putt put putter, clang clang clang, of transport trucks, trains, and single vehicles. All shuffling more and more people through the gates of hell.
“What? We can’t do that!” she exclaimed wildly. “We have to tell, Vati.”
Stay in your homes. Lock your doors. Pray the Jewish vermin were removed as quickly and as peaceably as possible.
Natacha stiffened, dragging her eyes from Steve to Tony and gritting out, “I’m fine, Tony.”
“We can’t, they’ll kill us!” It was the closest to pleading Steve had heard from him. Save the night in the piano room.
Steve caught her wrist without thinking and she jerked, her whole body tensing. It wasn't so much a flinch as it was caution, but cation for what? She tensed as if she expected...reprimand? Aggression? Violence?
"Herr Hammer has a reputation of unreliable character," Steven's pointed out. Captain Arnold flashed him an annoyed look for speaking out of turn but he didn't regret it. Stevens was the last person who would try and subvert the law just to protect the powerful and wealthy, but the country owed Major Rogers a great debt. The least of which was the benefit of doubt. Major Rogers would never desert his duty. He was many things, but he was not a coward.
“I’m sorry Baroness she just burst in,” Milthede apologized, running in after her, and Charlotte waved the apology and the woman away. She had the feeling that whatever had brought Virgina to her home with such haste wasn’t for any ears but their own. Indeed, as soon as Charlotte’s housekeeper shut the door, Virginia was advancing on Charlotte with a determined step.
“You don’t believe me now but I’ll show you Tony. You’ll see.”
One by one the rest of the children joined in, pulled by the enthusiasm of their siblings. Even Natacha let Péter pull her off the bed and began to dance with them.
Ian’s stomach began to sink into his toes even as his heart tried to climb its way up into his throat.
(It’s not a come-on, it’s just an
He doesn’t know.
“Sorry, habit, shutting up now.” Tony stops. “I promise. I’ll talk to the team.”
Was it… Was it Ultron? Was it the fall of SHIELD? What exactly had made Steve close himself off so tightly that the next time him and Tony clashed, he hadn’t felt exhilaration, but
“That’s—” Sam’s words falter, his eyes going distracted and distant for a moment, as his thoughts and his emotions wild and out of his control for a few seconds, before he can reign himself back. “That’s really complicated, man. I’m honestly having a hard time here, because
But that’s a very, very small part of his brain talking. The rest of him, his mind, his bones, his heart, his everything – it all makes him
chat or asks. I'll be tagging anything related to the movie as "endgame spoilers", to make sure it doesn't bother anyone who doesn't want to see anything until they've seen the movie.
True.
Clint Barton, you—
Tony is an idiot. God, he’s an idiot, and he dreads this, he dreads it every single step of the way, into the elevator and up the helipad, even with the comforting presence of Rhodey by his side. He dreads the weight of Natasha’s stare, the poignant silence from Nebula and Rocket, Thor’s inquiring gaze – he dreads it all, but he
Oh boy, he’s mad, isn’t he?
(Oh, Natasha.)
“I know.” Barton says, morosely.
What if?
“One of the many forces of the universe. It is one of the essential components for the Bifrost.” Thor replies managing to sound both incredibly vague and incredibly defensive at the same time.
happen – but at this point, resistance is simply going to make things worse, not better. It’ll pay off to risk it, at least more than it will avoid it.
She does. She does, she does, so much, so much more than he deserves. He can’t believe this. He can’t believe they’re going through this again, that the ground is giving away beneath their feet one more time and he has no way of grasping for a hold before it crumbles, no escape.
“Wait, for real?” Rocket balks, and seems stunned into silence when Tony nods in affirmation. “Well.. Yeah, maybe. That could be useful. I mean, I got a good look at the batteries, I could probably make some if you can get me the stuff.”
<return= “personal.folder” >
way he hadn’t known; But for a guy who had been hell-bent in killing all humans, why would Hill’s initial report of his attacks had indicated that deaths only occurred when actively engaged? Why not…
for doing it anyway.
“In the
“You don’t have a shield.” Rogers expression closes off—
The most effective way to cover ground faster is to establish a perimeter and expand it from there. Sweep the city from the center out, as Rogers describes, but it’s hard to pinpoint a ground zero when the entire city is just one large red warning on their radar, and priorities become a blur. In the end, it’s Pepper that suggests they should go back to the hospital she’d been on for the past couple of days, because they
Both of them end up with a little bruising from that.
Not literally, of course. Very few people have seen them properly interact ever since Steve woke up, and even less people have seen them when they weren’t kicking someone’s ass or kicking each other’s ass for whatever reason. Sam has certainly seen it, and the others – Clint, Scott, Wanda, and Sharon – have been given a glimpse, but in such a hard time and so quickly he doesn’t even know how they’ve registered that encounter in their minds.
Tony suddenly takes of his sunglasses, and finally,
“Natasha.” He calls, quietly, when he finds her sitting on a chair polishing her knives, methodically and carefully. She doesn’t tense when she hears him speak, but she does stop, in anticipation. He doesn’t feel threatened, but it does pain him that she doesn’t immediately raises her eyes to look at him. “I’m sorry.”
It’s the first time Tony has heard Bruce describe Hulk’s feelings and their symbiotic relationship with such complexity.
“Was it something I said?” Steve murmurs dejectedly.
And then—then Tony said what he’d done to Wanda and he just…
this. He chose this, and he tries to remind Bucky, as much as he reminds himself, that this is the path he picked, and he will not regret it. Bucky doesn’t seem to understand that.
“Cho.” Bruce exhales. “Is she alive?”
Tony takes in a breath, feeling, suddenly, like he’s walking on eggs, and he doesn’t like it. “Alright – I’m gonna need you to explain this to me like I’m a five-year-old, because I’m not
(He’s completely losing his sense of time.)
with Bucky nowhere in sight. Sam had tried to ask, but Steve dodged the question and they dropped the topic, even though the lack of Bucky’s presence by his side sometimes – most of the time – feels like there’s a huge part of himself missing, a puzzle piece he left behind knowingly, despite his wishes, and now fears it might not be there when he goes back.
“So wait a while.” Clint suggests. “Keep doing what you’re doing. Help people when you can. Just… Just remember to give it some thought, alright? They might not be so bad, someday. I know you pretty much hate the entire thing on principle, but sometimes we gotta agree to some stupid accord so we can do our job, you know? It’s not about the politics. It’s about the people.”
“But then she left.” Nebula shrugs, but not nonchalantly. Defensive, a little hurt, maybe. Something awkward on her stiff shoulders, a fragility she’s not accustomed to. “She left, she found Quill, and the rest of those… she chose them instead of everything Thanos planned to give her, instead of
, when he never did it to Tony?
“They have to be protected.” Thor continues, trying to steel himself a little more by returning to a more analytical approach. “They were hidden, and they have to be contained, even when not in use. They are too powerful to even be free into the world. Even the Aether, that was not… a
” Bruce exclaims, gawking at his stomach. “Is
(Then
<add data><subject= “Peggy Carter” / analog= unknown / designation= friend>
“The news this morning. The
friends, Steve thinks – they just can’t seem to be alone together without one of them getting a minor injury. But it gets to a point where it starts to
“From the Raft, yes. I know.” Rhodey insists. “But in Leipzig. Did you help them escape and then they just
His left arm is shaking. It’s shaking so bad it hurts, it truly
be there as soon as Tony called him back. He would come running. Steve wouldn’t hesitate in the least at the smallest chance of being welcomed back
He has no idea what time it is. When the world is too dark, any ray of light that goes out feels like the entire sun – and when it’s too cold, it could be midday and it would still feel like the deepest hours of the night. The coldest nights in Tony’s life were the nights in Afghanistan, the desert empty and vast, bathed in darkness, the humid walls of the cave so chilly and the dirt and sand beneath his feet so solid and unforgiving it could almost pass off as concrete instead. Tony had been attached to a damned car battery and he had never felt so cold. The waterboarding had made everything even worse, because they left him soaking wet after, hair, skin, and clothes, and it’s a wonder Tony didn’t die of hypothermia even with the small fire they had to keep themselves warm.
, and nods at it, blinking confusedly, and it is only at her request that the armor complies and stands down, going back to resting position and deactivating the system until further requests.
Tony stares at them. They stare back, silent and shocked, frozen stiff.
like he treats Rhodes, to trust them with all of his heart. To let Steve hand him things. To joke unthinkingly, to act like his stupid, outlandish self, being truly, completely unafraid of being genuine. Steve once thought he could only dream of convincing Tony Stark to feel as part of their team – and now he does, Steve thinks he does, and it’s
He should be planning.
Worst thing is that he truly, genuinely did. Tony can only imagine what this whole thing looks like from Rhodey’s perspective – He only became an active part of the team after their confrontation with Killian, once President Ellis deemed his active participation in the Avengers was something the Air Force should allow more often, but he’d been around long enough to witness them as a group. Before it all went sour, even. He’d seen them be friends.
“Yeah, you never are.” Steve chuckles darkly, and the sound is like nails on a chalkboard in his own ears. “But that’s too bad, because we’re not delaying this anymore. I want you to tell me what’s going on.”
He knows it doesn’t work.
(He has missed the others too, but he’s a
“That is not possible.” She insists. “What
Consider this a Part I to Bruce. His involvement with Tony goes deeper than you'd think at first glance, so it'll take more than one chapter to talk about it, especially when packed with plot - but Bruce's contribution is essential to some matters we'll deal with further down the line, so don't think this isn't important now. Remember when I said I wasn't done with CW? I meant that. And it's going to be relevant very, very soon. And Bruce is going to play a part it this.
sense it makes to him.
it, not now this is an
Because it’s
Tony is not sure he wants to know.
“First of all this is clearly not a matter of age
“That’s weirdly specific.”
“I do. I do, sorry. I just...”
, Tony shoots back, and then,
Tony, lying on the floor under Steve, still tries to fight him.
He instructs the armor to move. He passes through the nanotech glass as though nothing was there.
He doesn’t talk. He just breathes.
“No,” Tony’s face crumbles, and dammit, Steve keeps fucking this up, “I mean, yeah, we are friends, but I didn’t mean to say that I love you as a friend.”
Steve closes his eyes, and he can almost smell the cherry blossoms, can almost taste the cherries, and Tony’s tongue against his own.
They kneecap him. Both knees.
“Survive? He was wearing—” and Steve knows before Riri says it, but he lets her finish the sentence, “—the armor in camouflage mode.”
But words are what Steve doesn’t have right now.
Tony takes one of Steve’s hands between his. Steve stiffens, but doesn’t pull away.
Tony feels his eyes open and it’s strange because he doesn’t remember closing them or not being able to see, he only remembers Steve’s face, unrecognizable with disgust and hatred, for Tony, because Tony hurt—
“Promise?”
It’s like time stops.
He wants to say so many things.
But him and Tony, maybe they don’t need New York right now. Maybe they need this peace, this silence, this otherworldly expanse of wheat fields and vineyards. They need a cherry tree, a blanket on the grass.
Steve keeps kissing his face, the grey hair at Tony’s temples, the lines at the sides of his nose, the sharp edges of his goatee, the little dimples in his cheeks. It’s slow, but not uncertain, and Steve knows everything is going to shatter in a moment. Tony is letting him say goodbye.
It’s cute, Steve’s enthusiasm. It’s always been.
“I think so… But why didn’t you do it before?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looks at Tony’s knee, almost touching his while they sit side by side on the edge of the bed, and he notices, all of a sudden and inconsequentially, that he doesn’t have gray hair there, and on his arms too. It’s only in his beard and hair. He wonders how Tony’s chest hair would be, if his skin there wasn’t covered in scars. He wonders if Tony dyes his pubic hair.
“Yes. How do you feel about that? Meeting her, talking about your mother?”
I could let one of the others kill me in the games. Some do. I can’t.
He stands there, staring at his hands, the water sloshing over them from the open faucet.
“How can you say that?”
—I’ll leave the team if you want. I’ll do anything you want.”
Steve pulls out.
Steve is looking in the distance, at the woods covering the hill in front of the one they’re standing on.
Tony frowns, deeply perturbed.
) and to reach his orgasm, especially when not many hours have passed from his last one, but Steve never complains. By the time Tony is smiling at Steve with a blissed-out expression that is almost funny, Steve is so on edge that it doesn’t take much for him to come; often, just the barest touch of Tony’s hand or mouth is enough.
“How can I forget? After the Battle of New York. Breath still smelling like onion.”
“I want… I’d like… Dammit.” Tony doesn’t move, doesn’t try to say anything. That’s what gives Steve courage to keep talking. “A relationship, Tony. A real one. That’s what I’m trying to—”
I’m lying in bed. He woke me up. I feel a tear roll over my temple and into my hair. The painkillers wore off. The painkillers wouldn’t help with the bite of hearing him talk about someone who was and wasn’t me.
He laughs, more and more, and Tony chuckles too, and feels his face warm up with it.
Tony has never felt more loved.
“Yeah? We need to wait a few more minutes before slicing it up or the meat will become too hard.”
“It’s not about the Accords. I don’t give a fuck about the damn Accords. You know that.”
When Steve goes up to the penthouse after dinner, Tony isn’t there. He isn’t worried; he knows where Tony is. Maybe he’s just staying behind to keep an eye on something. Around midnight Steve starts to feel too tired to stay on the couch, so he goes to sleep.
“The side pocket of my duffle.”
A last gasp, and Tony closes his eyes for the last time.
It’s back to silence. Tony wonders if Steve will ask.
“You’re bad at history.”
It’s Stella, when she was a teenager. She’s wearing a white, old-fashioned bathing suit, smiling while she eats ice cream on a beach chair. Next to her there’s Mom, wearing a similar bathing suit, only in a darker color. She’s laughing so much that her eyes are closed with it.
He’s afraid.
Iron Man comes through it, and Steve laughs.
When Tony comes out of the bathroom he stops abruptly, takes Steve in: his sweatpants, his henley, his socks, the blanket. Tony looks like he’s about to say something, but he hesitates and looks away.
“Sir is still in his workshop, Captain, in case you were wondering.”
He sees Tony, suddenly. He even smells him. His mind is playing sick tricks on him, but Steve finds himself grateful for this. It won’t feel so lonely, dying.
“He might not be my biggest fan either.”
He closes his eyes, lets his head rest against the tree trunk, and with the eyes of his mind he sees her: her blond hair—just like Steve’s—gathered in a tidy chignon, her clever eyes—the same as Steve’s—checking the pot on the stove, so it wouldn’t boil over. Her apron, tightly clasped against the small of her back. Her tiny hands, her small frame. The way she kept the few things she had left of Joseph, how sometimes she’d take out his picture from her drawer and cry, whispering things Steve couldn’t hear, hidden behind the door.
“It isn’t, Tony—”
Steve is baffled, still waiting for Tony to answer his veiled question in any way, but he’s starting to look frayed along the edges; his smile is faltering, and his eyes are slipping into the excruciating heartbreak of rejection.
“I can totally…” Steve stops, frowns, squints at Tony. “You’re daring me, aren’t you?”
And he can—sort of, but—he can accept it. In a way. It’s normal to feel like this. He’s a widower. They brutally murdered his husband in front of his eyes. It’s normal that he’s struggling to move past this. Past the violence that took the love of his life, his soulmate, the better part of him—away, forever.
He pushes a hand in Tony’s hair and wishes he had Tony’s dick in his mouth, that he had something to do except feeling every single thing Tony is doing to him.
Steve moans out of relief, relaxes his shoulders, and lets happiness wash over him, make him new.
“Then…?” Tony makes a face, like he really can’t think of any other possible option here.
Riri smirks. “What do you think? He’s Tony Stark.”
God, if that were true. If he could at least stop feeling so goddamn cold, like he has had Siberia in his heart since that fucking day when it all went down. If only he could stop shivering, if only crawling under the covers was all it took to find warmth…
“Hey, didn’t you also kiss Nat when you were running from SHIELD? In that mall?”
It’s not like Steve is forcing him, obviously. When Tony really can’t, really doesn’t have time, really doesn’t want to, Steve backs off. But it’s still sex at least twice a day most days. Tony feels weak in his legs. He feels like he’s happy all the time. Which is weird. And when for one reason or another they can’t have all the sex they’re used to having, Tony becomes kind of nervous, and a bit more of an asshole than he feels comfortable being.
“What did you pick for Maria?” Steve asks, beating Tony to it. He sounds very curious.
I have to. I was hoping I could avoid going into town this morning but... I'll get us some chicken at the market for lunch, what do you say? Two, okay? One for Steve. Will that be enough?
Tony closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose to refocus. This is unreal, this is just—
He’s covered in bruises. The man grabs his skin too hard, even though Tony never struggles. Maybe it’s that. Maybe the man wants him to struggle. Maybe he wants to make it as bad as possible for Tony until he snaps, yields, and joins him in his folly.
It’s easy to do. Tony’s beard isn’t as long as Steve’s was, and the edges of his goatee are still visible.
“I felt them so sharply this time. I always knew you… But this was...” He shakes his head, full of disbelief and dumbfounded surprise.
Tony screams.
“Ok! Mamma dice che hai salvato il mondo una volta.”
“Then—”
He thinks about what Stella said, about forgiving.
, what does that mean?”
“Fuck,” Tony thinks he hears Steve whisper. “Yeah. Yeah, do it,” he says, and Tony does it.
He resumes licking into Tony, less careful now, bolder. He runs his tongue all around the ridged muscles just past the entrance, where Steve’s knot fits.
, Steve wants to say.
“Am I hurting you?” Steve asks.
His arm is in the sling. It makes his shoulders look narrow, his frame appear tiny. He is, though. He is small. Smaller than Steve.
Jeez.
When it comes to Tony, Steve starts vibrating out of his own skin, and becomes someone he hardly knows, sometimes.
“I’m a futurist,” Tony replies, laughing, his eyes shining in the darkness when Steve laughs too.
They stop along the main road of a small town in the Appennini, right before entering Tuscany.
Tony looks at him one last time, holds his nose with his free hand, closes his eyes, and dives into the water. Steve squeezes his hand.
It’s been hard to breathe for ten years.
Tony’s generous; he always has been. He’s a hero willing to sacrifice his own life to save the world. He admits when he’s wrong, owns it when he fucks up, tries to make things better despite shame and guilt.
, Tony’s dick gets with the program and hardens. Still not fully, but enough.
Steve’s hand is wet with Tony’s blood. He can feel it beneath the glove; it seeped inside from the open fingers.
Steve keeps his gaze on the ground and nods.
He has witnessed all the small changes Tony’s body has gone through the years. His muscles have lost some definition despite all the exercise, his skin has lost elasticity and gained wrinkles, his joints make him hiss in pain from time to time. Over the years, his hair became salt and pepper at first, and then a compact and shiny gray. His goatee is sprinkled with white too, except for the mustache. He has resigned himself to his recent need for reading glasses.
He can’t keep his eyes open.
“I’m sorry.”
“Ready to go?”
It’s not like him, not fighting back. But this, this… he can’t fight
“I remember you.” Tony feels the air become hot in his lungs, his eyes stinging, his skin prickling with betrayal. “You lied to me.”
Tony jumps a few times on his spot, discharging his nervous energy to the padded floor. He breathes out through his mouth, lowers his head, concentrates on Steve’s voice while he starts hitting the bag.
“I hope you don’t think too badly of me, for drawing you naked,” Steve says in an ashamed murmur.
“No, Tony, I’m not,” Steve says, his voice soft and sad. He sits next to Tony, leans to the side to rest his head on Tony’s shoulder. Tony turns slightly to look at him, his lips brush on Steve’s hair.
“Please, explain.”
“Wanna rest some more?”
“Didn’t mean to do anything inappropriate—”
She leaves, and something inside Tony gives up the fight.
He hears footsteps, in a familiar rhythm, and a minute later Tony enters the main door.
Shit.
He stares at Steve’s lips.
Feeling everything Tony feels, letting him feel everything Steve feels.
“You said—”
It’s careful at first, unsure, Steve’s movements are heavy and calm, predictable, precise. He pulls almost all the way out, then goes back in slowly, allowing Tony to get used to the sensation, lets his inner walls stretch around Steve’s tentative intrusion. Then Steve pulls out completely, only to immediately push back in, but only up to the tip. He picks up the pace and starts fucking Tony like this, with quick, short, shallow thrusts that make the crown of his dick catch at Tony’s hole, hit his prostate, over and over and over again, and it’s driving Steve absolutely crazy, and Tony is sobbing under him, wailing; all of it is just
“It’s nothing serious, it’s supposed to pass in a couple weeks. But for some reason, it’s sticking with me. I keep having the illusion...” Tony shakes his head. “Conflict and memories usually trigger attacks. They’re exhausting, I pass out right after, you saw it.” He sighs. “So. It’s a bunch of things.”
He can’t do this. He doesn’t have a clear idea of what
They eat sitting across each other on a stone bench in a semi-desert public park, with the trees shielding them from the sun and the noise of the city. The birds chirp above them and the breeze makes Tony’s curls flutter. A stray ray of sunshine catches on the necklace half-hidden under Tony’s shirt. He slips back into a good mood, and he shifts closer to Steve, but with the movement Tony’s knee touches Steve’s. The pressure sends a spark to the base of Steve’s spine.
“I know,” he says, turning to look at Steve. He looks back, sure of himself like he has never been this whole time. “I’ll deal with it. I want to know the stuff that didn’t make it to the books.”
“No… And then it was gone. And then I came here and you guys… You never do that.”
The commercial ends, and another one starts, and then another.
“No, it wasn’t like that,” he says out loud, in the darkness. Barnes isn’t even an Omega, for fuck’s sake.
he dies in the fight for the Infinity Stones.
“Mom had different colors, but all the same brand. Dior.”
I look at him.
He wonders if there ever was.
, Tony wonders, and he finds himself thinking that yes, T'Challa probably does. It makes Tony smile. Tony considered it beneath himself too, so he spent the last few months holed up in his workshop, letting the world go on on its own.
“I… I can.”
Tony looks around the bed for the lube, and squeezes some on Steve’s cock. Then he sinks down on it, just like that night; he rolls his hips and Steve feels like he’s being pinned down, crucified, Tony is so tight around him that it almost hurts, and it’s so, so good.
Steve touches Tony’s face. They separate, just a tad, just to look at each other better, but Tony still struggles to keep his eyes open, and Steve is still fighting his Alpha instinct of kissing his Omega stupid. Tony would really like to be kissed.
“I love you,” he says, his voice broken into a million pieces, but he has to say it again, he has to say it one last time. It’s been more than two years since the last time he said it.
They sit on the couch, like that night of so many years ago.
When she composes herself, she says, “I haven’t seen a new one of these in a very long time.”
“Was just trying to be kind. No one needs to know you’re forty-six.”
Tony discards his tablet to the side, listens to the birds tweeting, the crickets chirping, the wind rustling through the leaves above them, through the rose bushes a few feet from them.
“—heard about Colonel Rhodes, I hope he’s okay now.”
He’s always had long ruts. The average is three days, but his are longer—five days, sometimes even a week.
“No, that’s not what you meant.”
Steve, who is now standing next to the heavy bag, his white cotton shirt wet with the water he splashed on himself, his nipples visible through the fabric, his face red with the exertion of bench-pressing the equivalent weight of a bus or whatever, sweat dampening his hair, freckles visible on his arms…
like this has drained every ounce of energy she still had in her. She’s so tired. They’re
, alright, Tony? I’m
“Not for lack of trying, right?” Ross stares him down, provoking. “Rogers might have other priorities, but you sure would do anything to protect him, even lie. It’s a shame he doesn’t feel the same.”
He doesn’t know.
–, but she doesn’t understand that Tony can't stop this. Not after what he saw in that cave, and the chance to stop it all so close to his own reach.
Not everyone appreciates Tony’s logic, sadly.
All he has left are his thoughts. He has his team, but Steve is pushing them away, he can
So he believed in himself.
But now, he’s watching himself lose. He’s being an active participant on it. Every second he has to sit still and wait is torture, every ticking of the clock like the pressing beeping of a bomb, slowly making its way to detonation – but it never does, so its just
(It’s okay. Ignore it.)
. “For you? Free of charge.”
“Did someone you know—?” Tony asks somberly. “You have a daughter.”
<return= “no response”>
T’Challa.)
“Alright.” Steve agrees, grateful, truly grateful, but needing this conversation to be over. He needs to think for a while.
be that man again. Not now.
“I know, Stevie.” Bucky kindly says. “I know.”
went by and not a single word from him? I thought:
, even if it hurts him too, because he can’t
Natasha stares at him for a long moment, looking for something in his expression, maybe; And she probably finds it, because then she replies, in the softest of tones:
“Yeah, got that.” Tony coughs, throat feeling strained. “Thanks, FRI.”
a sugar daddy!”
Pepper’s next move is to pull Tony forward, slowly this time, and impatiently push him in the direction of the sofas.
Looking at his own bite on Tony’s shoulder is the last straw. Steve sees red.
“I need to call him.”
Tony hooks his fingers into Steve’s collar and drags his head closer. He brushes his nose against Steve’s cheek.
He jogs down the white trail that leads to the Relais, and when he reaches the main road he comes to a halt, looking around himself to decide which way to go. They came from the right, yesterday. He goes left.
“I’m gonna—” he gasps, and Steve growls and takes Tony’s dick in his hand, stroking it a few times, tight, and just a moment before reaching the edge Tony moves his hand to still Steve’s, he presses his open palm—the wrapped hand, the numb fingers—on the back of Steve’s fist, pushing down with all the force he has, until Steve can’t do anything but stop, and then, just then, Tony comes in spurts just as white as the light behind his eyes, as the blinding, body-shattering ecstasy that overtakes him for a moment.
After a few endless minutes, he manages to close his mouth. He shuts his eyes too so he doesn’t have to look at Steve, and he wishes it worked the other way around too, like babies think it works—that if you can’t see someone, then that someone can’t see you either.
Sarah nods and hides her face against Tony’s neck, but she doesn’t cry. She breathes a little harder and deeper for a few minutes, but then she calms down and lies back between them.
The feel of Steve’s hand in his hair.
He needs time.
“Got it.”
“She, uh. She texted me, a couple of weeks after I got home from the hospital. She said,
The way Steve wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, eyes a little lost with too much wonder, but there was no shame in his gesture, no incredulity in his gaze.
Despite the beard, despite his serious expression, despite the sadness that still colors his eyes, despite how much Tony still relies on him—what he looks like, most of all, is young.
Steve squeezes Tony’s hand. They’re not pressing on the wound anymore.
Tony must fall asleep at some point, because he wakes up in bed some time later, still dressed. His clothes are clinging to him again; it’s so hot in the bedroom. Steve forgot to open the French window.
“Tony, I—”
Their first date. Steve had been so nervous that night, the secret he was keeping from Tony scratching at the back of his mind like nails on a chalkboard. And Tony, instead, so happy that Steve had said yes when he had asked him out, his eyes so big and his smile so warm.
Steve shakes his head, “Was bad. ‘M bad. To you.”
Steve watches as he sits heavily on the bed, takes off his t-shirt and undershirt and throws them on the floor. He unclasps his mother’s necklace and places it in the bedside drawer. He kicks his shoes off.
Steve lets her come closer. She kisses his cheek. Her hair smells like home and safety and family and love and heartbreak.
Steve sniffs, nods, and lowers his head to Tony’s chest. Tony slides his arm across Steve’s shoulders.
“We can do that,” Steve says, a smile mixing with his words.
Tony doesn’t answer.
“I’m gonna lose my mind if we stay here all day. Come on. Please.”
“Very much.”
They enter the church. There’s no door. Steve feels the grass underneath his boots. It’s so counterintuitive.
It happens in a second. Tony contracts the muscles around Steve. Steve twitches inside him. A shiver goes through his whole body. Steve props himself up with his hands on the bed, movements uncharacteristically unsure, and he fucks into Tony again.
“But she said no.”
Stella’s words are as heavy as stones that settle inside Tony’s stomach and weigh him down. She doesn’t realize it, of course. Tony feels Steve’s eyes on his skin, but there’s really no way he can possibly look at him right now.
He’s here.
He can’t breathe.
“The pay’s okay,” he says.
How long do I have left? Minutes.
Tony is a mechanic, after all.
“Yeah, I’m— it worked,” Tony laughs.
And Tony really didn’t expect that. What the hell. Medical advice on the internet is supposed to be bullshit. Are there no more sacred things in this world?
, and mean it.
“Look at your belly. Would you, Tony? Look. It’s already full of my come. I can give you more. Fill you up until you can’t take another drop.”
“And that’s something we don’t want. Clearly,” Tony says, without missing a beat, and he sounds almost like his usual self.
After that, he decides not to plan it. He plans not to plan it.
“We were heartbroken.”
Steve speeds up, and with his thrusts Tony’s breath quickens too, every push of Steve’s hips matched by a moan. He’s so loud. Steve is so happy.
“Fuck,” he says, and the tears that stream down his face now are so utterly different from all the others he’s spilled these past few days—this isn’t pain, this isn’t shame, this isn’t emptiness or frustration or heartbreak, no.
“Alright,” Tony says, voice rough. Maybe she doesn’t want to read it now and spend the morning thinking about it. A few hours won’t change anything, after so many years.
Even though the man is dead, Tony still thinks about what he did to him once a day, every day. But now, he thinks he gets what the poem really meant.
“You think he’d revert to cannibalism?”
Tony kneels down on his heels so they’re face to face and he takes Steve’s head between his hands and kisses him again and says, “I did it all for us. They were gonna kill me. I did it so I knew that one day I could come back to you,” and that’s when Steve notices that Tony is still wearing his wedding ring.
“I still don’t—”
“I don’t have change in my pocket, but I’ll give you ten grand if you shut up now.”
Tony kisses Sarah’s forehead.
“I have to go to the workshop—”
He looks at himself in the mirror. He hasn’t seen this face in a while.
Also warning for something that I can only call a bruise kink (not in dreams).
She became Maria Stark in 1959.
They should probably be more tender about this. Rediscover each other, handle their own emotions with a little care. But instead the kiss is hungry and ferocious, demanding, edging on violent, while Steve pulls Tony against him, hands rough and movements unrefined.
Steve tries to pull at his cuffs. The electric shock is so strong that he passes out.
The silk robe is ripped to shreds, soaking wet.
Tony closes his eyes, and everything inside him is illuminated by a white-blue light that explodes into hundreds of brilliant sparks. He feels them like feathers on his skin.
They enter the guest house, and Tony closes the door and leans back against it, his hands behind his back. Steve turns once he realizes Tony isn’t following him to the bedroom, and walks back a few steps. He’s very tall, but Tony doesn’t feel intimidated. He doesn’t feel scared.
Bucky’s flesh hand closed around the neck of Tony’s mother and squeezed the life out of her, and Tony is here, spending his time and money to help that same man get his life back together with an air of inevitable necessity behind his eyes. As if this is what anyone would do if they were in Tony’s place, as if this is not only completely normal, but also the only possible course of action for someone in his position.
He traces the shape of Nat’s leg with his fingertip, the lines that make up Bucky’s smile. The figures feel so alive that Tony expects them to actually start moving, but they never do.
The first time Tony fucks Steve is at night, on the floor of Steve’s bedroom. Steve gets the idea mostly because it’s practical, since the bedside table with the bottle of lube is right there. Steve can’t really tell how they got naked, it’s all kind of a blur, it happens so fast. In no time, he’s lying on his back, the carpet soft on his skin, Tony looming over him, two fingers already making their way inside Steve.
Steve releases Tony’s throat and buries his face into Tony’s collarbone, inhaling as deeply as he can, and Tony spares a thought to marvel at Steve’s lung capacity. Tony couldn’t breathe even half as long.
In the end, Tony is still not entirely convinced that this thing is gonna work, but he agrees to try it. Also, Steve keeps reassuring him that he does find Tony beautiful and that he is very attracted to him physically, not just emotionally (he actually says that,
Even his voice isn’t the same. How did they not realize. How did Tony not realize.
He takes a few deep, regular breaths; he exhales through his mouth and feels his heart slow down to an acceptable rate.
on his stomach, with the wings reaching under his pectorals and to his ribs.
“You had all the right in the world to do that, Tony. It’s your body. I’m... I know it’s all my fault and I, I—”
“Sorry, I’m—”
Steve leans back but doesn’t let Tony down, walks towards the bedroom still holding him up, lets them both fall heavily on the mattress.
She doesn’t have a fever, but Tony has never been this worried in his life and he doesn’t know what to do.
Steve sweeps his hands up the back of Tony’s thighs and palms his ass, urging it up until he has Tony propped up on the couch so that his cock is in front of Steve’s face. A moment later, Tony’s world is reduced to how hot and wet Steve’s mouth is, how tight his lips are around Tony, how his fingers caress Tony’s balls. Tony goes softer at some point, but Steve keeps sucking and licking, clearly a man with a plan, and even if it takes a while in the end Tony comes with his dick deep down Steve’s throat. He kisses him and kisses him after that, lets Steve take him to bed, lets him be the big spoon.
Steve can’t move. Can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t do anything at all.
“Tony, hey,” he whispers, but Tony doesn’t react at all, he just looks far away, at the hills, at the impending storm.
Tony would like to believe him. He wants to believe Steve so bad, but it’s just. It’s so— improbable. Steve is perfect; Tony is— not. He’s old and used up and he can’t compete. But Steve is there with a glint in his eyes that says
“Thank you,” Tony says.
Then, he clutches his left arm with his right hand, and it terrifies Steve so, so much.
His eyes are closed, his mouth open, gasping.
It’s still very early; Steve is still asleep. Tony exits the room as quiet as he can.
this man.
Steve is selfish that way.
He circles his forefinger inside Tony, feels around his inside walls. The skin there is so delicate, so tender.
Steve isn’t a good actor. As painfully ironic as it sounds Steve really isn’t a good liar. But he manages to keep his face very neutral after Tony speaks, the clench in his jaw is almost unnoticeable, the sigh he lets out only a fraction louder than usual.
The relief of discovering Tony safe after so long seems so foreign now.
As usual, Tony doesn’t spare himself anything.
“I can confirm!” Natasha shouts from the bathroom. She appears in the frame shortly after, wearing a red bathrobe. She pushes her hand into Bucky’s hair, and kisses him. He kisses her back.
Leaving the guest house is surprisingly difficult. He’s always felt attached to it, but now more than ever. It’s become home to him and Steve, in many ways. Maybe it even helped them heal together, offering them a place to return to every night.
Well, it’s not enough—it’s not Steve—but it does take the edge off of his heat. He brushes the pad of his thumb along the space inside himself where Steve’s knot should be, and he doesn’t know if that makes things more bearable or if it just makes him more aware of how empty he is.
“Well, life turned out to be more complicated than she expected, Steve. Tony’s father resented the fact that they didn’t seem to be able to have children. Of course, he blamed Maria, not the fact that he was old and spent his days drinking and smoking. He’d made her feel guilty about it. As if she’d been… a bad investment.”
“Anch’io,”
Tony squints at him but says nothing in response.
“There are so many people helping him. Helping you. There’s, there’s me.”
“Did you throw up?”
Maybe circumstances will make it impossible, but Tony wanted to hear it again.
Steve hears him twist the shower on. He flops on the bed with a sigh.
Tony sits too, and eats as well, but slowly, normally.
That seems to release something hidden inside Steve, some secret abyssal force that Tony only caught a glimpse of last night but most of it is still undiscovered. And Tony likes discovering things.
Steve’s instead, Steve’s hands are nothing like Tony’s. They’re the opposite—long and soft, skin smooth and perfect, fair and delicate, with no signs that they’ve ever been used. Steve’s hands are new. Steve’s hands aren’t real, because nothing stays on them. Nothing proves that Steve ever did something with them, made something with them. Colors and inks wash off easily; nothing sticks to skin that rejuvenates four times faster than it should. No calluses form, no cut leaves a scar, there’s not a wrinkle on them. They tell no story.
He thinks about Steve’s legs circling him, about Steve’s—
“What does that mean?”
They watch the news during lunch, and Stella mutters something to herself now and then, harsh words meant for this or that politician.
Silence falls on them for long minutes, until Tony yawns again and decides to get ready for bed.
Tony appreciates art, but his regard is more theoretical, not passionate like Steve’s. Tony gets that with science, with technology, with the future he so clearly envisions in his mind and fights so strenuously to build.
, right? I guess the other stars are sort of... the other people. Other women who shaped me and changed me by being my friends and lovers. The songs are about that too.”
Not that he’s trying to avoid Steve or anything, of course. That would be silly. Their date last week, their first (only?), went well, even though it was Tony who asked Steve out and not the other way around, as tradition commands. But as if that wasn’t enough of a bold move, Tony then decided to be the biggest idiot on the planet and kiss Steve goodbye. Him, a forty-
If he had been allowed anywhere near Tony, now he might even have a gravestone to talk to. Something of his, maybe. The ring Steve gave him, perhaps, with
“Tony,” he says, but the word breaks in the middle; his voice can’t sustain its weight. He reaches out with his hand, almost covers Tony’s cheek with it, but then he can’t. Then he thinks about it again, and he goes for it. Tony’s skin is warm under Steve’s fingertips.
“Is that… is that Thor’s?” he asks, his brow knitting together in bewilderment.
But it’s not like that.
of someone else’s heart.
“Yeah. Yeah, sunshine, I’m okay with it. More than okay, you understand? I’m not gonna let you die.”
Stark Industries actually gains points in the stock market over the next few days.
Tony almost asks, but stops himself in time. It’s not the moment to discuss his own fears.
“Y—Yeah.”
“You don’t have to explain. It just wasn’t funny. What I told you last night, that’s the truth.”
, he had told Tony, while life trickled out of him with every drop of blood. The last lie. The most unforgivable. He’s left Tony alone after promising he wouldn’t.
“Yes?”
The moment they’re alone in the room, Steve rips Tony’s clothes away, and the skin-on-skin contact, so sudden and unexpected, makes all of Tony’s nerve endings catch fire. Steve’s skin is so hot; he’s burning up from the inside.
Someone stronger. Someone better.
He tries to imagine a friendship, based on trust and mutual respect. Despite their history, that’s easier to do. But his chest constricts when he tries to remember the few times Steve has looked at him with the same kindness, with the same intimacy and tenderness he has for Sam, for Natasha. The looks he sends Tony here, they may not be hostile, but they’re tinged with a sadness, a melancholy, a grief that’s hard to miss. Too much regret between them, too many missed opportunities. Too many
Like Steve deserved it.
Oh no.
“I feel like I did.”
And it’s that love, as unrequited and painful as it sometimes is (but also good. Also happy, also pure, also bright and warm and
“How are they now?”
“No. I mean there was an edge to it, but mostly I was... overwhelmed.”
“Oh sweet baby Jesus,” Rhodey says at the same time.
He cries. He clutches Tony’s arms and avoids looking at his face. He cries and cries, gasping for air, his shoulders shaking, his whole body taken by a convulsion when this, all of this, rushes out of him.
It’s also hot.
He rests a hand on Tony’s shoulder, then looks at it as though he has no clue how it got there. He takes it away, quick, like he can pretend he never did it.
“Steve.”
“I don’t doubt it. It shows. Tony, listen—”
He sighs and he turns away from Tony and he lifts a fist up to his face. Frustration radiates off of him while he seems to look for a way to discharge this awful energy but can’t find any. The only thing Tony can think about is that he wants Steve to fuck him into the mattress right now.
“You okay?”
“I’m having, uh... trouble with conflict, I... when I get angry, my arm… my chest— ”
“One day I’ll get it—why you have such a hard time believing that I love you,” Steve says, almost playful, but Tony’s voice is very serious when he replies, and Steve feels his warm breath against his own neck.
Not standing against a door. That’s gonna be the worst.
Roses.
“Another bad dream?” he asks instead.
“Yep, just started.”
“I’ll talk with Fury.”
Tony drops the tray to the ground, and is grateful that all the food and drinks were packaged.
“It’s been
The way Tony smiles at him then, all teeth and crinkles and pure joy, that smile is better than anything, even better than the most beautiful night of Steve’s life, that now is maybe going to become the first of many.
“It was all so new, we barely... and then—”
“No one would read it.”
When Sarah is six, Tony decides that it’s time for her to have her own room in the compound. Steve agrees.
Tony takes his StarkPad and opens the Kindle app to read the same thing for possibly the tenth time.
“But you’ve been to a lot of places.”
“Hi. Hey. How do you feel?”
Steve doesn’t seem to be even listening at all.
He doesn’t want to think about how his heart broke that day, with that single word that he knew would come out of Steve’s mouth even before he asked the question, with Barnes standing in a corner and looking at the floor and waiting, just
“And honestly I feel like laughing was a bit over the top—”
It’s what pushes Tony past the edge.
loved
It takes him an embarrassingly long time to realize it has nothing to do with his shower, and a lot to do with the way Steve’s cheeks tinged with pink just now.
“Ugh. You let me sleep for over an hour?”
“Don’t make me, Tony.”
Steve touches him with a hard caress, his fingers pressing into Tony’s skin, the place where his right nipple used to be, his collarbone, his neck. Steve’s hand settles on Tony’s throat with the thumb on one side and the rest of his fingers on the other, and Tony disturbingly wonders how much more pressure Steve would need to apply to squeeze the life out of him, to break his neck and finish him. He knows the physics of it, but would it even register for Steve?
Death by unrequited love.
She disappears again. A few minutes later, she’s dressed and ready to leave. She puts a bottle of Gatorade on the desk in front of Bucky. “Don’t forget that,” she tells him. “Would love to stay and chat, but Rhodes is waiting for me,” she says to Steve and Tony. Then, she turns to Bucky. “You’re gonna be fine?”
Tony holds a hand in the middle of Steve’s chest, and Steve stops thrusting into him. He shifts, until Steve’s dick slides out of him.
Tony turns to look at Steve, just in time to see a tear slip from the inner corner of his eye, down across his nose. Steve lowers his head to his chest.
“And I lost him. Sixteen years ago. And now I got you, and I was hoping that I could—”
“And you?”
“You like it?”
“You can do that?”
“He’s okay. Steve. He’s gonna be okay.”
He’s nothing. Just broken bones and broken skin and a wilting bond in his mind that hurts more than torture.
It’s everywhere, the pain, but mostly in his head—now it’s dark and cold. The sun is gone. Steve is there; Tony can feel him, but the darkness takes over everything and—
“Iron Man is actually my cover story.”
It soon becomes clear to Tony that he has to be the one to make the real first move with Steve. Steve won’t go further, no matter how much Tony implicitly encourages him to.
It reminded Steve of his mother in the later days of her life. Steve had taken his three oldest boys to the coast with Sara shortly before she's died. She'd been ill for quite some time with a fever; the same that would infect him and later take Peggy.
Tony didn’t say how Professor Einstein had been the first and only person ever to call Tony a genius, as if it were obvious and his potential a matter of course, truancy and deviant behavior be damned. He’d confessed to Tony once that he’d been a terrible student himself, once upon a time.
“No!” Sara cried from the throng of increasingly helpful voices, tugging once again upon Tony’s pant leg. “Don’t listen to them Herr Stark!”
“A week ago I received a letter from Captain Rogers,” Nik explained, looking unimpressed with Tony’s hesitance. “He is looking for a tutor and companion for his children and wondered if the abbey had any educated Brothers who would be up to the task.”
“I remember, Uncle Bucky.” Péter had responded, more confidently he actually felt, but he remembered the shooting lessons they’d had, and what his father had said about why it was important. He had to protect the family while his father was gone. Péter’s hands had worked quickly to finish loading the gun.
“In Italian?” Maria asked fervently and Tony winked at her pulling her closer to him by her pinafore.
A startled laugh erupted from Bucky’s throat, nearly choking him on his food.
"It gets worse," Stefen grunted. "We've been invited to join Schmidt for a party at the Berghof the following week. Schmidt has many stops planned along the route."
“The decision not to hire on some temporary help here was mine, not hers. I did not want strangers around the children. I don’t trust Schmidt not to try something.” He admitted stiffly, and Tony blinked in alarm. It had never occurred to him that they might be in some immediate danger yet Stefen was making it sound very much as if they might be.
The warning turned out to be a wanted poster for a Wanda and Pietro Lehnsherr, who if the poster were to be believed were a pair of anarchists, guilty of several counts of theft and assault. Strangely it was the bold screaming print in red crying
Not while knowing that she was stuck with him, never knowing her mother's sure comforting touch.
Tony, Ian and Natacha collapsed like bowling pins around him, panting heavily, as Sara fell against him, laying her body over him like a shield and squeezing her arms around him tight. Steve struggled to catch his breath. The alley behind the building was dark, the smell of dirt and wet stone mixing with the smoke heavy in the air making his stomach roll.
“And where were you? Didn’t I charge you to watch them?!”
“The dumb Polak can wait a moment.” Emil sneered in the direction where Bucky waited in the car and Natacha went very still, the joy she’d felt at his surprise appearance chased away by Emil’s pointed disdain.
His mother had had another name for it- for the men in the caravan that had fought and come back only half there. She’d called it an irritable heart.
“There were a lot of Austrian’s living there in those days, but they were mostly Navy from what I remember. We were big and only getting bigger, made up just under half the population. There were Croats and others thrown in there too, but mostly it was the Italian’s, and they didn’t like the Croats any better than they liked us. They weren’t too happy about being stamped Austrian or building warships that were just gonna blow their countrymen out of the water either. That’s the thing about land, you can draw whatever lines you want but unless you win the people, it doesn’t mean shit.”
"Gaoaza!" he repeated with emphasis as his muscles spasmed and his arms shook.  Eight. Nine.
They’d not been told, she said, flushed up to her copper hair, of anyone Reich appointed meant to visit the major that day. He was horribly ill, in fact Herr Bakhuizen had left to fetch the man’s personal physician that very morning. She made it sound as if he were practically at the door now, so much so, that Dvorak nearly turned to look.
thorough kiss.
“… Jessika says there has been no word from Lukas in weeks, not since he was shipped to Dachau.” Bakhuizen was saying lowly. “She’s worried they’ve executed him already. No idea what she and the girl are going to do now. She shouldn’t be on that damn list.”
He changed his grip. Slowed his pace. Struggled to breathe.
“I’m sorry I-” The end of Tony’s apology was cut off as Bucky caught sight of Péter just behind him in the hall. The bucket Bucky carried dropped to the ground with a jarring clang and began to roll away, discarding bloody towels along the way. Bucky paid them no attention as he shoved past Tony to grab Péter by both cheeks with a sharp exclamation of disbelief.
It was quiet on the riverbank but not still as a lone woman hurried down the narrow streets under the amber lamplight. Though it was still summer, a cold wind was coming down from the mountains. The woman was bundled tightly in a light jacket, a scarf tied over her head for warmth and not coincidently, it obscured any identifying features from view of the man who was watching her progress from his second-floor window.
No Tony. Where had he gone? Damn it! Logically Steve knew Tony couldn’t be far, it hadn’t been that long since he’d last seen him, he was most likely off seeing to personal needs, but it didn’t stop the anxiety from clawing at him to know where Tony had gone.
Steve's gut clenched tightly with anxiety as Scott confirmed what Khalmmer had said.
It was dotted and line with cedar and maple trees, its crowning feature a glittering fish pond with a small bubbling fountain at the center.
Tony nodded somewhat dumbly, dragging his thoughts away from the gutter with a sympathetic wince.
Prince Thorson waved his attendants words aside like they were a bad smell and turned an impressively wide beaming smile on them.
Equally strong was the urge to sketch him again. He’d wondered if Tony would agree to sit for him. Let Steve take his time and map out every rich detail of Tony's body.
He said dangerous things. He said things that people weren't supposed to say unless they were bad (unless they were
Artur was asking James as they hurried down the hall, “How do you think chickens stay cool then under all those feathers? Don’t they get hot like us?”
“You’re the mayor. You talk, see if they listen!’ Steve was five steps ahead of the moment, already mentally downstairs on his motorbike. He thundered down the stairs, fear creeping cold through his chest as the crowd outside suddenly broke into a furious roar and surged toward the business district. He broke out into a run.
“My father had dragged me out of every nightclub and gin-joint in three different ports by the time I was seventeen. The war was on. I can believe that my mother agreed to sending me to the monastery because she wanted to save my life, but I think my father just wanted me out of the picture. My reputation was bad for business.” Tony admitted with a rueful shrug.
“Nothing, nothing’s happening,” Father said as he swung her up into his arms and brushed back the stray strands of sweaty hair that had fallen out of her night braid.
“What happened?” he damned to know, looking at Péter in order to get straight to the matter. He wasn’t worried about frightening him. Péter had just turned sixteen and was not a child anymore.
With a pang Steve thought of Aust, and wondered if he might not need it too. Just tonight.
9:00 PM
He frowned, eyes drawn to something moving down below by the lake. After a moment of squinting he realized that it was Stark and that the soft sounds of banging drifting up toward them were from the hammer the man was currently taking to the underside of a small fishing boat.
Tony’d remarked poignantly, recalling those strange days in summer.  Stefen hadn't answered, but then again Tony hadn't expected one.
Three, four, five. James, Sara and Artur a few feet away with the Fennhoff twins listening with rapt attention to some story Johann Fennhoff was recounting.
Péter, sitting beneath a tree nearby had his head buried in his arms as he watched Natacha play solitaire with herself. Or perhaps she was simply counting the cards (it was hard to tell). Either way they both looked miserable.
He thought the words hard, squeezing his eyes shut.
– and because deep down, he knew there was truth.
“I want to stand guard, with you.” Even if the light wasn’t blinding him and they had been closer Tony wasn't sure he would have seen any change in Stefan’s face. He didn't even frown.
Stefen took a small breath and Tony waited, wondering at the strange sense of hesitancy that had returned to the captain’s manner. The children were instinctively quiet. Despite the story’s clear conclusion, they did not make a sound.
“Tacha?”
Bakhuizen glowered and rolled his eyes but there wasn't much heat behind it.
He nearly tripped over his feet stopping himself as he darted past Ian's room. Ian's room with Ian very much still in it.
The solid weight of the hilt in her palm felt like permission to do whatever she wanted. She didn’t want to bite her tongue and keep someone’s house. She wanted to fight. Fight like her Father. Like Bucky. Like her Mother.
Three hours later and Tony finally managed to get a hold of Pepper. At first the woman was tense, a frantic edge to her voice but once she confirmed it really was him on the line and that the captain as well as the children were all safe and accounted for, she rallied, tone going as smooth and collected as it always was. It was the first thing to make Tony genuinely smile in days.
“What the hell is Stark up to now?” Bucky wondered at the scene. Steve wondered that himself as the children paused at the sight of the car, their expressions torn between excitement and anxiousness. Their wariness made something funny pull in Steve’s chest.
The music room. Steve was livid about the little trip Tony had taken the children on but for some reason it was hearing that Tony had disobeyed this particular order that rubbed the rawest.
“Stop! Stop, it’s me! Stefen, it’s
Bucky was gone. So that just left Steve.
“We should go. Tonight. Fuck, we shoulda gone ages ago,” Bucky cursed, pacing the floor after Coulson had been shown out.
Steve tensed, pausing at the door, his hand sliding against the door frame as he regarded Stark with an intense stare.
differently.
“It’s not funny!” James sounded like he was headed towards one of his blow ups, and Steve wondered at it, but thankfully Tony said something that calmed him down. Something about big boats having armor and being safer. Steve agreed with Bucky that a floating tank wasn’t exactly
He held it, inspecting it carefully on all sides, before gently placing the rim against his lips and breathing in deep. Though he could not draw the taste or the smell of him in as he wished, Bucky was sure that Stefen had been there. His Stevie had held this cup and drank from it. Stupid fool. He’d stayed here, bedded down with the damn goat, staking his life on the kindness of strangers when anyone else would have done what they had to in order to guarantee survival. Bucky would have.
Behind him, Ian giggled, and Tony was just so glad that he was there alive to make that sound that he for a moment he didn’t even feel the pain in his body.
“I might.”
“Christmas is a difficult time of year for him.” Stefen sighed, the sound heavy and lost.
“What?” Steve closed his eyes and wet his dry lips with the tip of his tongue. He took another sharp breath, calculated the risk and then said again in German.
“You finish that sentence you dirty little cheat and I’ll take that hammer to you.”
“Is perfectly happy to transition into the dance portion of today’s lesson.”
This was just fine he thought. This was not nearly as overwhelming as he’d first found it to be. Simple really. Almost nice to be out in the fresh air sitting on the bank, watching the children play.
"That is a shame.” Tony forced cheerfulness through the unexpected tightness in his chest. “Willamina is making Nockerl."
“You must think I’m stupid.” Tony scoffed in disgust. “The twins had needle tracks on their arms. Wanda would wake the house screaming, babbling unimaginable things. And the way Vonkov talked tonight, about engineering a new master race. It all leads to one thing, and none of it surprised you.”
Before Tony could answer her, Natacha's brush paused in Maria's long dark tresses and the girl asked with her usual directness, "Do you really think James is lying about who they are?"
Though he could hardly blame the boy for jumping to that conclusion. Swim clothes had certainly been overlooked when the packing had been done. He paused, Artur wobbling on one leg, and Steve knelt to help him out of his shorts.
The likelihood that they were walking into a trap was small but there and Steve was glad once more to have Bucky at his side. It was more comforting even then the gun he had tucked against his side. He knew that Bucky was armed as well. Nobody was a better shot than Bucky and when it came to defending them he wouldn’t hesitate.
"Would you care for a seat?" Stefen asked pointedly. He was clearly uncomfortable with being stared at and Tony wondered if it was because he wasn't as put together as he normally was. Even Tony wasn't vain enough to presume that it was because of his presence alone.
“But living like that makes other people nervous. People call them thieves because they take what doesn’t belong to them, and maybe they have a point, but maybe the Rom way isn’t bad either. But rom don’t make the rules so nobody cries when they get killed or thrown in prison. Nobody protests when kings say that they can’t live on their land or work for a living unless they are slaves.
There was something unsavory indeed about a woman walking alone in the dark. She wasn’t dressed like a woman out to catch a John and the furtive glances she kept casting over her shoulder made it clear she was anxious not to be seen. Perhaps not a whore but an unfaithful wife, he mused to himself watching her, mouth curling in distaste. Off to meet her lover in the dark no doubt.
He’d turned the page only to have a detailed diagram slip from between the folds and land on the desk.
In which Steve and Bucky return from Vienna and there is lots of adjusting. Steve hasn't caught on yet that he's lost complete control of his household and that Tony doesn't respond well to orders. Tony's still figuring out that spy thing, that parenting thing (which is funny because he doesn't remember getting anyone pregnant and there are other people who really need to step up their game) and that whole 'play it safe thing'. Lets just say the first is a work in progress, the following is complicated, and the last is all but dead. Bucky has no idea what the hell is happening but neither does Steve, so like usual they make good company.
"Well what am I supposed to catch?" Artur was squinting at his uncle with disbelief. "I’ve never caught food."
It didn’t bode well, that Tony felt so emotionally fatigued and their journey was so far from over. It was miles to go before they were truly safe and before their efforts to heal weren’t being constantly uprooted and interrupted. Fair or not, that was their lot. He would just have to be stronger.
Bucky's head whipped up, certain for a moment that he was going to see Rachol attempting to loom over him, standing with her arms crossed, bright brown eyes squinting at him with that particular mix of affection and irritation that only sisters could manage; but it was just Charlotte.
He wouldn't think about the fact that two out of four of those women were buried in the ground. He was due a little good luck to even the score.
“Helene. My Renee. She’s just a girl.”
Tony curled the hand against Stefen's chest and turned his head to ask once more, "How many men do you need?"
He let it collapse and recoil into his side with a groan, holding himself tight and together.
City by city, they round up the caravans and take them away." Wanda answered hollowly and Péter nodded slowly, shame pooling low in his stomach.
“We’ll know when he’s back here with us, that’s how. Your uncle Bucky and your father’s friends, they’re going to help him.” Tony crossed the floor and lowered himself until he sat on the edge of the bed. He beckoned for them, and Sara and Maria immediately crawled into his lap, laying their heads against his chest. Artur and James stayed where they were, staring at him with wide wary eyes. Tony reached slowly and placed a hand behind Artur’s head. When the boy didn’t resist, he pulled him close, and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. Artur shuddered and curled himself closer with a tiny whimper, winding his arms around Tony like little vines.
Steve met his eyes, distracted.
Da reached out and touched his shoulder again, his hand smoothing over the worn play shirt Tony had made him before he looked up and met Ian’s gaze once more, a smile playing in his eyes.
“We?” Stefen asked, and Grig nodded, answering “My younger brother Benjamino taught at the
Tony could only blink in surprise at her candidness, wondering why she was speaking to him as if they were old confidants and unable to shake the feeling of danger surrounding the whole conversation.
~*~~*~~*~
The panicked spiral of his thoughts was interrupted when Natacha reemerged, her face scrubbed bare. There was unfortunately nothing they could do about the powder in her hair or the length of her skirt.
“I was in just as much danger here in Salzburg.” Tony scoffed but he didn’t meet Steve’s eyes. He leaned away, putting distance between them and Steve held himself back from chasing after him.
The truth was Stefen hadn’t been well and Tony had known. He’d
Tony managed to jostle Bucky’s back enough that he overshot the punch. He tried to turn on Stark, but then Stefen was there, grabbing him and the two grappled for a moment. Somehow or another Stefen managed to snag him by his shirt collar with enough wrenching force to catch him by surprise. Bucky found himself being hauled out into the hallway and then his back was hitting the opposite wall with a slam.
“Village.” Tony’s eyebrows raised as Stefen cut the man off with a hard stare. “And that was a long time ago Buck.”
Stefen blinked at him, shock making him stupid, and Bucky glowered as if Steve’s blank look had offended him. He stalked toward Steve until they were standing toe to toe.
“I’m going to look like a Swedish mountaineer by the time I get my hands on another razor.” he mused. “Stefen will hardly recognize me.”
"Do you remember when we found Switzerland on the map together?"
“General Schmidt. We weren't expecting you so soon.” Steve said stiffly. “I hope your-”
“Tony,” he entreated softly, the Italian rolling off his lips, calm, commanding. “You’ve got to trust me.” Steve held out the hand that wasn't supporting Sara’s weight, palm up, pleading. “I won’t let them have you. Any of you.”
“It’s a lot of worry over nothing. I went to the work house myself. Full of children, you know, the half gypsies? They were running around Mulfingan happy as can be.  I don’t know what they plan to do with them in the long term. Perhaps dump them in Poland.” Zimmerman speculated wryly and a few of the men laughed. Steve blinked slowly, coming out of the dark thoughts in his head at the sound of Bucky’s slow exhale close to his ear. Glancing at him, someone might mistake the look on his face for calm but they didn’t know him like Steve knew him. Bucky was close to doing something he’d regret, and Steve wasn’t much better off.
The little ones started crying. James howled that he didn’t want to go. Wasn’t tired. Wanted to sleep with Uncle Bucky, and then cried for Péter. Neither of whom were there for him. Brilliant in its own way. Clever boy.
"Don't give me those eyes Captain, if you were in Bruce's care, he would have drugged you already with some horrible tea."
“You said something earlier about unwrapping.” Stefen reminded him in a warm timbre and Tony stepped closer.
Frowning without much heat he scolded his three-year-old to eat properly, because he knew she knew how, and he'd seen that shit eating smirk too often in the mirror to be fooled by the soulful pout that followed.
“I trust you all know how to behave while I’m gone?”
“That’s NOT how it works!” Peter’s voice rang out. Maria cringed, covering her face and crumpled into tears.
Tony banged opened the door of his workshop and let it close loudly behind him.
A sane man would have just started running, hands bound or no, but Steve was not sane. Had not been sane for weeks. He thought nothing of turning around to stare at Dvorak, even with the sound of gunfire in the forest behind them and the mystery of his transport crashed amid the trees and all of his jailer's dead, save one.
“He’s the Supreme Leader of Germany. He deserves to stand trial!” Private Johan’s looked appalled at the direction the conversation had taken.
"Frau Hogan..." He began slowly, coming to a decision. He jerked his head toward the kitchen and Virginia darted away to do as Stark had suggested. His gaze settling on Pietro and Wanda he finished firmly. "Please join us. The both of you are welcome in my home. I cant apologize enough for the ordeal you’ve had."
Had he? He had to think about it for a moment. But a moment was too long for Stefen.
“Yes, Péter, she did.”
“Times are different now Karlina, you can’t trust folk. People go to prison, helping Jews.” Dagmar’s gaze slid briefly toward his wife with censure, and then came back to pin Ian again. “There’s one way to know of course.”
“What
Brown eyes stared back at him, familiar and achingly alive. Brown eyes, with flecks of dark gold near the center and an even darker ring of rich brown around the edges. Brown, like his Grandda and the uncles, brown like Peggy's and like Bucky’s. Eyes that he’d loved and that were gone now. His mind was a terrible, backward thing. He’d seen those eyes, Tony's eyes, a thousand times, crinkled at the corners, deep and brilliantly alight with ideas and more to say then his minute mile mouth could keep up with.
Somehow they got the hang of it and managed to be on their way. And as the Roger’s family (plus one Stark) rowed steadily across the lake toward the dark green of the forest with the mountains rising above them, a wide smile split across Tony’s face.
She allowed herself to be manhandled into a chair as Lang set the alcohol and bandages down.  He batted away the shaking hands she was using to try and lift her shirt from her trousers, and rolled up the offending garment himself, eyes locking on the small wound on her left side. It was seeping blood only a little. Jann had done a fine job of stopping the blood flow by wrapping it tightly, but there was no telling whether or not the bullet had passed cleanly through or lodged inside her without undoing her careful work.
“General-”
"You can shoot with your left hand." Tony pointed out, daring the other man to deny it. "I've seen you."
It was a good question, one Natacha waited anxiously for along with her brothers and sisters. She was sure neither of them even remembered that Natacha and her siblings were in the room.
Ian’s mother hadn’t thought that. She’d always been kind to Cam, and even let them play together sometimes when his work was done. If his mother were here –
“Ona, you know we’re supposed to report the homeless.” she reminded her, though it didn't really matter. Ona knew that without fail, if they had something to spare either Magda or her mother would always hand it out and send the poor souls on. Even with the administration so strictly against them, word tended to spread amongst the locals where those who were down on their luck could find a sympathetic hand.
That night when Tony told them it was time for bed and ushered them all up the ladder into the loft, Ian asked for a story. Natacha looked at him oddly and Ian felt his face turn pink – usually it was Artur or one of the other little ones who asked Tony for stories or songs to help them get to sleep. They helped Ian too, but he was a man of twelve now and he’d never have said so if he weren’t desperate.
There were days it felt like it. And now, now it felt like those days would never end.
"What was it, protecting me from myself again?" he heard himself ask, because apparently the side of him that needed to pick things apart was stronger than the side that just wanted the ache to let up.
"Thank you for the smoke." Steve grunted at Scott, who nodded in return.
“Cappuccino.” Tony insisted pertly and he didn’t miss the small huff Stefen let out under his breath or the roll of his eyes.
He knocked smartly on the closed door, more for show than anything because he barely waited for a reply before trying the knob, feeling a surge of savage delight when it twisted easily and he thrust open the door.
“General-” another voice warned from somewhere above him, sounding worried.
No. Your head.
She remembered how out of place he’d looked and sounded (he’d had the worst accent back then) surrounded by the proud display of wealth and prosperity that was one of the Von Trap family functions. Peggy had flitted off somewhere for a moment and Charlotte had watched him stand in the middle of the room like a ship lost at sea, aimless and alone as the whispers and judgmental glances of her family swelled around him. And then Peggy had returned and it was like the sun had cut through the clouds, and Charlotte had known that one day she wanted someone to look at her just that way. She could settle for nothing less.
“Your name was kept out of it Antony but legally I could only demand the accounts for titles and assets pertinent to you.” Pavlok answered with a hint of apology and Tony sighed. Well, there was nothing to do about it now.  He’d have preferred to keep Stanislov in the dark but realistically he did not expect the man to do anything drastic so long as Tony kept to himself and didn’t interfere with the business.
She blinked at him blankly, struck dumb with surprise, and if Tony felt ridiculously satisfied about that, so sue him.
Tony was sad enough that he didn’t have the energy to jump a foot at Clinton’s unexpected voice at his back. He didn’t turn as the boy came to stand beside him, nor did he bother asking how he’d snuck up without Tony hearing him. Instead he just took a deep breath and heaved a sigh, feeling relief at the return of feeling in his arms and legs and the ability to inspire movement.
“Sorry, Péter. You’re good but I’m afraid you’re wrong this time.”
It was a pity, Tony thought as he wrapped one arm around Maria and the other around Artur, blinking back the moisture in his eyes. A pity it wouldn’t last.
Steve narrowed his eyes, his fingers digging into Tony’s hip-bones as his grip tightened, and Tony had one moment to think
“He must have done something wrong, if we’d asked Joh-”
Steve wrapped his arms around him in a bracing hug, suddenly needing to hold on.
Bucky sat the cup down with a clipped thunk and met Steve's gaze head on, oblivious to where Steve’s thoughts had gone.
"He’s still our leader isn't he? It'll be exciting getting to see him, and you lot getting to go up on stage and sing. Anybody would be jealous."
The whole city seemed to be waiting for news on whether the diplomat Vom Rath would live or die. Her young people were out, jobs and classrooms abandoned in favor of collecting around civilian radios and smoking cigarettes between clenched teeth. Waiting and growing all the more restless the more hours slipped by without word.
“I agree Herr Stark.” Stefen glanced down at the four boats bobbing about in the water and frowned. “Is there room?”
“I stopped Jurgen from ringing for the doctor,” Pepper informed the captain quietly, rising from the floor. Her worried eyes searched the captains as she asked. “Will the police come back?”
"No listen,” Tony waved him impatiently to silence. “There's a way for us to do this, with just one man. The right man."
Steve closed his eyes and reminded himself to breathe.
“How do you know something like that?” Steve asked, sounding a bit awed and Stark had the audacity to give him this look that could have melted chocolate for drinking.
"Were you aware Captain that he kept them locked in an attic like a pair of dogs, with no respite from the summer heat?" the monk asked coldly, eyes cutting into Steve. Maria gasped again and Steve wanted to flinch. He held fast, not let his eyes fall from Stark.
If Bucky’s road ended here, so be it, but either way, he wasn’t going to let Steve die alone.
The officer’s keen eyes flew to Tony but slid away from him a moment later to land on the covered table behind him and Tony’s chest clenched tight. He held perfectly still, hardly daring to breathe.
(German) a sweet dumpling.
A week.
He had his suspicions, but he didn’t like not knowing for sure. He wasn’t used to not being able to predict Stefen. Even at his most stupid and stubborn Bucky could always predict Steve, read him like a damn book, but Stark was an unknown variable who had already proven adept at getting Steve to react in ways that Bucky would not have put his money on.
"Why aren't the lights on?" Péter asked, voice climbing high with worry and Tony knew that he'd picked up the same sense of foreboding.
He did not know who the captain of their boat was, or what sort of clearances he had, but he seemed well practiced and familiar with the route.  Neither the captain nor Luzzato spoke much to any of them, and they both slept above deck despite the heavy rain. If they entered the cabin at all it was to bring food or fetch supplies. The journey only took just under a week, but with nothing to do besides sit and wait for the next meal - flat tacky bread and dried fish - it felt like a lifetime.  Poor James wasn’t the only one to catch a bought of seasickness (what with the constant rocking) but he had it by far the worst. Stefen held him on his lap, cradling him while Natacha held a bucket under him. After three days, the smell in the cabin became horrible.
Not appeased by any degree, Stefen made to get up again and Tony pushed him back once more, this time with more force. In another circumstance Tony might have found the kitten flailing Stefen was doing trying to bat his hands away cute. But now, it just served as a frightening reminder of how close he’d come to losing him, that Tony could manhandle him with one hand.
So perhaps it wasn’t small at all. Not to Tony Stark.
“But how?” Ian interrupted and Steve winced.
“You should pack.” Ian stated decisively, his voice gaining strength. He’d still miss him but Peter should pack.
know. And his rifle was still outside.
Her eyes trailed over his face, admiring her skill with the makeup brush, to a piece of unanswered post resting innocently on the corner of the desk. She reached over and pushed it closer.
“It would have been remise not to ask, but I am certain of the validity of the Generals letter from Mr. Frank. It troubles me that Germany intends to march upon Poland and use such cowardly methods of subterfuge to defend their actions.” Thor’s meaty fists tightened at his sides like he wanted to hit something.
“Yes.” Tony was good with working under pressure. He was also good with getting his way. “Who should I consult with regarding your schedule? I want to be sure to leave time for them to spend with their father.”
“If that happens, don’t hesitate.”
“Please be frank with me Niky, are you trying to arrange my death? Because it sounds to me as if you would like me to walk into the house of a Nazi officer and ask to play with his children, hoping of course that he never realizes that the embodiment of everything our beloved Führer so detests is standing right in front of him!”
Artur’s head shot up.
Tony opened the door to find Stefen standing on the other side, the light from the bedroom spilling over his face and out into the darkened corridor. He didn’t say anything or attempt to enter, just slowly lowered his arm and stared at Tony across the threshold as if it were as uncrossable as an ocean.
This time Dobas couldn't miss the ice in his voice but the problem was Kurt had never been good at guessing when his charm had run out.
“I’ll be fifteen next month,” Peter reminded him. “And I’m already older than dad when-”
They didn’t expect trouble so soon, but only a fool forgot the possibility and didn’t prepare for it. That was the nature of treason and subterfuge, you hoped for the best and expected the noose.
He said it slowly, as if he expected Ian to pick up on something and Ian looked anxiously between the man and his wife. He
Why had he not seen it? The full mouth scrunched together in worry, jaw tight and watchful eyes assessing him. It was like a puzzle finally locking in place. Standing before him like David set before Goliath, she was unmistakably a Rogers.
Steve was on high alert, but he had not expected that ‘anything’ would come in the form of Tony’s cousin Grig. He showed up at the house that evening, late to dinner. The family had already mostly finished eating, all except Antonia who was too worried to do more than pick at her plate between watching the clock and bickering with her husband.
NARRATOR: Breaking news this morning, all the way from Berlin. For weeks Abwehr intelligence has been investigating the crimes of Stefen Rogers, formerly a major in his excellency's army, once hailed as the ‘Lion of Austria’, and now popularly known as public enemy number one. Of the many shocking crimes for which he stands accused, most severe and surprising to all good German's is his treasonous involvement in an attempt to assassinate the Führer.  He is set to be executed on the first of the month in the city of Berlin. The execution will be public, and the Führer himself will officiate the proceedings...
“I can swim naked!” Artur shrieked, his eyes wide and glowing with excitement. The smaller children shuffled together giggling.
What felt like years later the truck finally slowed and stopped. For Steve, all time had stopped, becoming a blank expanse of darkness and suffocation. Until suddenly the top of the crate was pried open, and a wave of fresh cold air spilled over him – excruciatingly bright sunlight stabbing at his eyes. Steve choked, nudging her out of his way as he sat up, trembling and gasping for air.
Stark Industries had started from a collection of small shacks at the edge of the river Elbe, and risen to the biggest private shipyard the world had ever seen. Even the Brits, who had held the undisputed title for best shipmaker’s the world over, had taken a back seat to Stark ingenuity and design:
“The song that you’re playing? I recognize it.” The man in the cot replied slowly sitting up, his face inching further out of the shadows.
“…fireworks?” James suggested hopefully and Tony nodded encouragingly.
~*~*~
Down below, Father and Charlotte both looked up spotting Natacha and, a moment later, Sara, who was the one crying big fat tears with Herr Bear clutched tightly to her chest. Maria looked close to tears herself as she fixed her worried eyes on Natacha. Heart twinging in her chest Natacha beckoned to them both.
“Tony please,” he pleaded quietly, and Tony felt the weight of thousands of lives – too many lives – weighing down on him, the cost of his selfishness; he gnashed his teeth.
“I could sing for him. Tony taught me a song in Italian and one in French. Do you think the prince speaks either of those?”
As the last song finished and the children’s voice began to fade with the telltale strain of exhaustion, a full days use catching up with them, Stefen clapped and stood commanding their attention.
The Basilica of Notre Dame made Tony’s skin itch. It was too quiet, in the worst way possible. The kind of quiet that made one aware of the concentrated effort of all those between the walls to be reserved, something Tony had never been very good at. A monk who can’t sit still or abide for very long in silence, earns a lot of reprimands (if you can imagine). So, though it was by far the least dangerous or taxing part of their journey, Tony couldn’t shake the feeling of unease that crawled over his skin sitting in the sanctuary.
“What?” That got both their attention. Stefen snapped his head back around and growled, “You were supposed to take us to Dunkirk.”
Throughout their life Bucky had dragged Stefen into trouble and out of it again. Stefen always gave as good as he got and Bucky never loved him an iota less for being small, or sick, or half gadje. They were brothers. That was the law, the code Bucky had lived his entire life by - and for Stefen to ignite the fire of their funeral with this last fucking torch without telling him!
He wouldn’t exchange Tony for anyone else, but trouble certainly seemed to follow the man.
“And the transport?” he asked.
“Meanwhile I’m practically Olympic gold at your disposal, Ian really. Have I taught you nothing about being an opportunist?”
“I’m afraid so.” Stark answered and Charlotte had never heard the man so reluctant to speak. “My father.”
Beside Steve Bucky finally spoke up asking, “What about the Jews? The niggers and everyone else Hitler’s says has to go. We doing right by them?”
In a strange way, Tony almost liked him better for it. He’d never been any good at keeping his own impulses or his emotions in check either and envied others their ability to remain aloof when he constantly felt like things were slipping out of his control.
Steve frowned. He’d known that Kroger was engaged to be remarried.
Where were they!?
And just as rage with no discernible outlet so often does, as suddenly as it had come it left, and Tony had sunk onto the bed with a tired sob.
“Tony!” Péter tugged on Tony’s jacket harshly for his attention and pointed at the tall man who had melted out of the shadows to accost them. Tony looked but rather than be alarmed like Péter expected he just looked annoyed.
Tony: I missed you.       Maria: I missed you, too.
“I still fail to understand how going to live with this Nazi is going to be less risky,” Tony grumbled.
If he was to be carted away by the police in a few hours he could think of few better ways to spend his last free moments than in scientific discovery with another sharp mind.
“Run you idiot,” Bucky cursed under his breath as Stefen just stood there staring at Dvorak like a fool as the enemy descended upon him. Taking a risk, Bucky took a careful shot, striking the ground just to Stefen’s right. He seemed to get the message and took off unsteadily. Just in time too, because Bucky’s shot was followed by a chorus of others as the enemy got close enough to try their own.
"We thought you might like some dinner.” He offered Tony a small crust of bread and a cut of cheese that must have come from the rations Bucky had stocked. There was a small ice box built beneath one of the seats in the back. Tony had tried hard to think of everything they'd need. It was a fourteen-hour journey to the abbey, and days beyond that to Belgium.
together, and there was something very enthralling about sitting next to the warm glow of the fire listening to their old stories, wrapped up in their warm familiarity.
"I imagine so."
But there was something secretive in the Wardens smile that gave Tony a chill, that had nothing to do with the sub temperatures outside.
He and Péter set out, pausing briefly to remind James that he could reenter the cabin whenever he chose to apologize to Artur, and to warn him not to try and leave the yard in the meanwhile. James pretended to ignore them, his arms crossed, shivering where he stood nearly ankle deep in snow.
“No. Captain. A cappuccino. There
Stefen smiled, but Tony thought there was something tired about it.
Captain Rogers knew someone who’d been arrested? Tony’s heart pounded as his mind whirled, examining the new information and trying to make it fit with the rest of the puzzle. The mystery was thick around the man indeed, but not impenetrable for someone of Tony’s intelligence. The clues were all there, he just had to find the piece that would bring them all together. Stefen was afraid (they had everything to fear).
ones, and that no matter what kind of love or lust had driven Hughard Stark into the arms of an Italian Jewess, Antony Eduard Stark was in no way allowed to be anything but a proper German boy.
He wasn't even fooling himself anymore. He'd been celibate too long if something as simple as going for a swim with another man was getting him this worked up.
To Artur, Tony knew, it had to seem like the truth. First his mother, now Sam, and his father left them over and over again (for a week with no end).
"A few weeks I think..." he began but the look on Tony's face made him falter. It betrayed neither the anger he might have expected or even the disappointment he'd so often threaded into the wording of his letters.
Instead he’d selfishly and crudely carried on an affair with Stark right under her nose. In Margrit’s house no less, right beside her sleeping children! It was his decision to damn the children along with himself that truly stung the most. She was in some danger now herself since she was publicly his accomplice, but she would find a way to take care of herself. The children could not.
He hadn’t realized until that very moment how much he didn’t want to believe it. He knew it was the child in him, but that didn’t make the yearning any easier to bank.
“Is that it? You think keeping yourself healthy is unnecessary weight?” Stefen asked, deceptively light.
“Are you?” Steve asked, frowning. Something from the dream coming back to him. A fear, that brought with it the feeling of a deep and bottomless emptiness. These were not Tony’s children, or Tony’s burdens. If they were too much for Steve, how long would it be before they became too much for Tony? Tony shot him a queer look, and Steve avoided his searching eyes. It was just a dream. He would beat it.
(Oh no.)
A chuckle escapes Steve’s lips without his permission, but he’s
“I thought you were having fun sneaking around?” Steve teases, and Tony wants to
“I care about
He considers going back to bed; but still hears the sound of vibranium crushing glass, loud, horrible,
“I’m trying not to think of brutal responses, but I’m running out of options.” Cap confesses, with a derisive little smile tugging ever so lightly at the corner of his mouth, no mirth at all in his eyes. “If gas and spray aren’t options, the next pick is tasers. I’d ask Thor to do it, but he’s the God of Thunder, and I actually fear he might kill someone in that crowd.”
? Am I making fun of you?” Tony repeats, incredulous, and Steve’s expression clouds so quickly that he immediately hastes to correct himself. “No! Of course not, why would I—”
. His behavior attracts some unwanted attention – because by now, people have learned how to recognize his actions when he enters an Manic Inventor Binge, as Obie likes to call it -, but he’s far too deep now to back down from this challenge. Because that’s what this is, a challenge. He hasn’t struggled to solve a program so hard in years and it’s
They are
So he doesn’t
And almost immediately, a message comes back.
and Tony still can feel the lingering warmth between his fingers, the last memory he has fading away, going cold with each passing second, disappearing—
make it his concern.
And usually, it’s Tony who disagrees with him.
Thank you all so much for accompanying me on this journey, from the bottom of my heart. This has certainly been the most emotionally exhausting and painfully detailed character study I've ever done, not to mention that crazy word count, and I've loved every
but also because he
If they can
and wormholes and space travel and that sort of stuff is not his thing.
trust people in the battlefield even if they’re not his team, alright—
they built for themselves. For a second, Steve can almost breathe right. Almost.
Vision nods carefully.
makes Steve’s chest hurt
of worldviews and language, and for all of humanity’s amazing discoveries, there are still bits of information that are largely beyond their reach, and it
It’s not like Tony can’t see the logic in it, because he can. Even if Tony doesn’t always choose the most logical path, it’s not like can’t
Barton’s mouth thins as he presses his lips together, eyes going misty, and he replies, in a rough voice:
See you next time, friends :)
Steve had no idea. How could he? How could he have seen this coming, how could he have known? He couldn’t have. Tony had never told them. Yet another thing he’d hidden.
“He is. The triggers are gone. The memories aren’t, but he can learn how to live with them. He will be better.” Shuri sighs lightly, holding her hands behind her back, in a posture that makes her seem much more innocent that Steve knows she really is.
sound, a dangerous indicator that something is not as firmly attached as it should be.
They’re friends. They’re good friends.
“I cannot leave this Sanctum. Someone has to protect it, at all times.”
his uniform is the
He does not deserve it now.
And Tony wants to ask, he wants to press her for answers, he doesn’t want to be left in the dark anymore, even if the dark is safer, even if he knows it’ll hurt.
But Steve doesn’t have to think about it, because the door has been opened. He can’t stop it now. Everything is coming back to him in a rush, a flare of white-hot anger, and he can’t find it in him to hold back.
?” Tony and Lang inquire at the same time, one with distaste, the other with full-on distrust.
Tony’s biased, sure, but isn’t that just a universal truth?
Because—
The truth is, he can’t.
And he’s losing.
“Wanna switch places?” Tony jokes, flying close and pushing over one of the men running towards the White House with a bat in his hands, dodging his swing with barely any effort. “I get the strays, you zap some lightning on that fence over there.”
“What?”
When did – When did he become this man, the man who allows this kind of thing to happen and thinks it’s okay? Thinks that it’s justifiable punishment, that
Maybe Nebula can start working on it while Tony goes downstairs and checks the schematics for the IntelliCrops. Bruce could get a head start on reading some research on atmospheric pollution and proposed solutions to global sunlight dimming. There’s probably a lot of material there. Maybe not a functional, quick solution, but Tony can make it work.
“Yeah, and it was an important half, I’ll admit it, but I felt like I had to read the damn thing eventually. So I did.”
Tony hasn’t experienced that in a long, long time.
“We’ve been flying around, looking for survivors and trying to help as many people as we can, but it’s just—” Bruce shrugs, but not out of nonchalance, just pure awkwardness and completely uncomfortable, almost hopeless. “Everything’s destroyed. We don’t even know where to begin.”
than just IW.
it with electricity and accidentally fries someone innocent.
, because there is so much he couldn’t predict, so much that has happened outside of his control and he had to stand there and
There won’t be any survivors.
“So did the Captain said. And I will ask you the same thing I asked him.” Wong replies, with unexpected strictness in his voice, raising his chin and squinting his eyes at Tony. “How exactly do you plan to do that?”
Steve stares at the number like Tony has just given him the greatest of gifts.
Howard ignores her. He keeps on typing, as if Maria isn’t completely losing her mind behind him.
Tony’s hand is
Ok, so – Tony – Tony is not sure if
, is what he’s truly asking, but he has learned the hard way that this question cannot be asked with those words.
But Tony is starting to fear that the distinction might not actually mean that much.
, was meant to tear us apart, it was
“How fast is he learning, Maria?”
“Is he?” Natasha asks, her voice sugary and taunting, raising one eyebrow in an extremely mocking gesture.
“I can change my mind.” Steve jokes. “I like Stark-Rogers better.”
“Bruce wouldn’t have signed it.” Steve says with absolute certainty. “He would never have stood by Ross.”
“God, why are you like this?” Natasha shifts her weight, swaying left to right for a brief second, as if she’s having trouble staying still as she listen to this, crossing her arms as if she’s trying to keep herself from doing something stupid. Her voice sounds annoyed and tired at the same time. “You and him, you are
He knows Thor is right.
, unfair to Bucky’s feelings, to the way he dealt with things and how he thought about himself.
Tony remembers the guy
“Tony, please, stop for a second and
Rhodey, to his credit, realizes immediately what he has done. He stutters in place, the movement all to noticeable in the bulky form of his walking aids, and the action is so unlike his usual unflappable self that Tony almost wants to say something to reassure him too.
Tony has to get over being head over heels with the guy.
Like very few things feel like these days.
that he didn’t do anything, Clint has just dug it up from Steve’s graveyard of unspoken words, has just flaunted in his face how useless he has been in making amends for all the problems they have caused when they tried to help.
“You know.” Steve drawls. “If the suit is mine, shouldn’t you
But this isn’t about him, is it? It’s not even about the team. It’s about Wanda and Vision, and this weird, complex relationship they have going on, and nothing else. Steve doesn’t get the right to prod her about this.
How can they ever know?
“Then the King of Wakanda – Not T’Challa, his father – reached out and proposed the UN should be the ones handling which missions the Avengers were allowed to take, and where we would be allowed to go or not.”
“Point is: We gotta figure out his weaknesses. The Stones’ weaknesses. Okay, maybe they tried to warn us about Thanos and we didn’t notice, but did they leave
He works on it until he gets stumped. Then, he sets it aside for a while, and then starts with Cap’s.
He lets himself fall back to the couch and buries his face in his hands, bending helplessly until his forehead almost touches his knees, and he stays there, beaten down, broken, holding back hot-stinging tears with all his might, biting into his lip with such strength he cuts it open and the copper bursts into his mouth, viscous and foul, and he thinks he
“What reason would he have to run to Sokovia after he destroyed the Tower?” Rhodey says, rhetorically. “I’m just saying – he could have built his murder-trap anywhere in world. He could have built it in the Tower, to spite you. But he didn’t. Instead, he chose to go back, and find Wanda and her brother to convince them to fight with him against you. Do
. Despite Tony thinking the Hulk is much more than Bruce is giving him credit for, despite believing,
, but he
The others stay. They stay, and scream, scream, and it’s
He fought blindly, and he knew.
makes them move.
“It’s
“Alright, Rhodes. We get it.” Barton nods, almost demurely, a meekness that doesn’t seem to fit him, constricting. “We have a deal, man. We’re all in.”
How many times is it? Four? Five?
Surprisingly, he
“I didn’t know you could cook.” He says lightly, hoping the amicability he tries to inject in his voice is noticeable.
“I am done with people being afraid of me.”
Sam does not deny or confirm the fact. Steve is torn between appreciating the gesture and feeling scolded by it, the seconds of silence ticking by like the countdown to the explosion of a bomb, the eerie anticipation for a revelation Steve is not quite sure he’s ready to hear.
“When?”
“Anything related to this new Reactor he is using. And
“I wasn’t going to let anyone stay in there.” Steve assures him.
And so he says, not to Bruce, but to himself, his voice barely a whisper:
“When was that?” She asks breathlessly.
No. Bucky is not the
With a whispered apology, Tony walks out dragging his feet, feeling like has just been hit by a goddamned train, head down and heart aching so terribly that it feels like he’s bleeding out again, gutted to the very core, when he bumps with Rhodey and Bruce at the corner of the corridor, both frozen still like deer caught on the headlights.
to read a description of what actually happens that causes Tony to have the attack, so you can understand his reasons.
, and Steve is about to press her when she merely shrugs and admits, “I guess I needed to make sure you wouldn’t hate him.”
Which, okay, not his best strategy, but it
He thinks he is dying—
determination he pushes into his words like he’s searing them into his own skin like a mark.
Well.
He’s not ready. He never will be.
They can’t hurt them, they
For now, I hope you enjoyed it! Thank you for reading, and remember, my twitter and tumblr are always open to you guys, and if you like my writing, consider checking out the pinned post in my twitter, you might be interested in that!
“No one is gonna jump the fence now, they’re
“It’s two for the price of one, so what.” Tony insists, not ready to let this bone go just yet. He feels like this might actually be a line of logic that’s important to pursue.
, the word foreign on her tongue, syllables heavy and careful. “Bring him here.”
“Okay, but do we have an actual reason why we should
Rogers eyes go razor sharp. “Do you have records of that conversation?”
, if Tony wants to.
Tony stops, and looks at Steve from under his lashes, like he’s trying to hide - but he can’t, because they’re so close, so close, Steve can see him, the hope in his eyes, the small twinge of fear, and Steve is so damn gone on this man. “Do you want it to be done?”
“Alright, let’s assume he is,
The being mustn’t feel – or care – about Tony’s closed-off stance, or his face turned away, or the slouch in his posture, for it gets even closer and steps around him, so they can stand in his line of vision, even as they look over him towards the wreckage long meters ahead, to the remains of the ship of the alien who tried to kidnap Strange.
Tony exhales exasperatedly and shakes his head, and leaves before he says something that will get him killed.
Maybe he’s scared. Maybe he
That…
“Nevermind, it’s… I get it. It’s really not—” Sam exhales harshly, pushing all the air out of his lungs in a very exaggerated gesture, as if he could push the terrible thoughts about it along with it, expelling it from his body. “It’s not easy. I get that.”
He unthinkingly looks Tony up and down, to the straight, sure angle of his raised head, the sinuous arch of his spine, out in the chest, curved in the lower back, the muscles in his legs, imagining him as graceful as Natasha is when she practices; until he realizes he
sometimes, don’t you?”
“Yes. I can imagine why you might think I would deny you entry in my country, Agent Romanov. But there is no need to worry. I had no part in your dispute. Whatever conflict remains between you and your friend in America, it is a matter that concerns only your team. The Black Panther is not an Avenger. I take no sides in this fight.”
“The mind stone gives me many abilities that are unique. One of which allows me to perceive certain types of… energies, shall I say, that minds otherwise unaware wouldn’t be able to perceive. I simply… followed the trail.”
The wound is still fresh, the edges where he feels like something inside him as been ripped off still aching and raw, tender to even the slightest touch, but he’ll be kinder to the memory when he can. And it’s not like he isn’t grateful already for having been loved by Pepper, because he is, he always has been. But that will have to be enough.
that comes from the other side is scary and surprising, full of loud voices and strange sounds, until one voice resounds louder than all others around it.
Which means they have to cram inside the Quinjet as best as they can, like the world biggest, most tense, most awkward get along-shirt ever, as soon as they’re able, and they’ll have to figure out later how they’re going to manage the trip back, considering how many civilians they encounter.
“These batteries.” Tony interrupts, before they can start their maddening debate again. “Could you make them yourself?”
There it is.
(And forget.)
He broke his suit.
His mouth twitches strangely, like – like he’s trying to stop his chin from quivering. It’s unexpected and sudden, and Tony can’t help but notice the use of
“I said if they need help, in case there’s an emergency, I will be on call.”
Not only that, let's also explore one of the various possibilities of responses the public could have had to Thanos' decimation - a possibility that would have been explored in canon, or so I've heard, but never made the cut and it was, sadly, stored away in early concept stages. I think it's a very good angle to analyze, a very fair one, and, to be honest, a very scary one, and it wouldn't feel right to ignore it. I feel like it would be dishonest of me not to show you that this is a very real possibility of a reaction, how bad it can get - so I'm not gonna hide it. If you are a person who likes post-apocalyptic stories, like I am, you simply cannot ignore that even though we try our best, some things are simply bound to happen.
than him.” Tony reminds him, echoing Natasha’s argument. “Why wouldn’t they? Protect themselves?”
means to Steve, and try to get her to understand. If Sam is right and Natasha doesn’t trust Bucky – and he probably is –, this might be what Natasha needs to hear. Maybe, just maybe, if Steve can allow himself to open up about this one more time, to confide in her with this, she might understand.
Maybe it’s the paranoia, but Howard doesn’t trust Obie with this. Not that he trusts anyone else either, but Obie in particular he can’t disclose this project to; because Obie is ambitious, but his ambitions are not always clear. Howard knows it. An ambitious man is a dangerous man, he knows it very well, and this is far too important to simply corrupt with a single poorly made choice. He’s not wary enough to make the man an enemy, but he’s not naïve enough to ignore it either. So, no information for Obie. Maybe a little more attention to security measures even, just to make sure no one else can figure out what exactly Howard’s been working on these last few months.
that would swallow him whole, and now it finally
alright!? He got sidetracked. It happens, even to him. Even to the mighty, the good, the righteous Captain
“What about Proxima Midnight and Corvus Glaive?”
And here is the regret you should have felt in that letter of yours. The honest, true kind of regret.
“And I suppose everyone else did too? Romanoff, Wilson?” Ross smirks cruelly. “Maximoff? You’d really let her walk around unsupervised?”
But he can’t forget this. It’s useless to even try.
(I’d have no problem doing it again.)
“It is not really about deserving, my friend.” T’Challa says kindly. “It is simply about doing what is right.”
“Right away.” FRIDAY complies, but even as she’s still running the scans, Tony’s brain starts to fire in a thousand directions at once, theories and possibilities firing up like fireworks, his own eyes making a quick assessment of the replica up close.
(But he misses what he used to feel, when he was here.)
They are in Scotland, three thousand miles away from home, when
again. God knows Tony knows how that feels like. Or maybe he’s ashamed. Maybe he doesn’t want to come back to a place where people only called him when it was convenient, then acted like he was a monster for even showing up. Maybe he’s tired of trying and failing, trying and failing, trying to do good, and always having his attempts to backfire when he couldn’t control the damage he caused.
(Calm down for a second.)
” She growls fiercely, and Nebula throws a glance at him, his expression betraying a hint of curiosity at Pepper’s callous tone.
Told ya this is going to be long.
“Don’t mind them, Cap.” Tony appeases. “And I’m putting that trashcan on your paycheck, Barton.”
“Banner has seven PhD’s.” Thor smiles. “Such knowledge will surely be helpful when devising our strategy to defeat the enemy.”
She makes an aborted gesture towards Tony, nearly swatting Pepper’s hands away, but the quick turn Pepper makes back and the “Tony, are you okay?” she exclaims is fast enough that it halts Nebula in her defensive movement, waiting patiently for Pepper’s next move.
“It’s still our best bet.” Tony insists, gently. “Why bet two billion chips when you could just bet one and take the same prize?”
to talk about it.
By that point, Steve has forgotten they were being watched. He lost himself to the conversation, shutting off the entire world beyond the garden, allowing himself to exist only at that place, at that time, just for a little while. And it worked, sort of. But know the illusion has been shattered, and as soon as they walk post a door into the corridors of the palace, princess Shuri is there, waiting for Bucky with a kind smile of her face.
Steve feels hollow.
(You can get irrational, Cap.)
“Are you asking for an actual moment in time or you’re just feeling introspective? Because I have a few guesses, but you’re not going to like them.” Natasha asks, and Steve even dares to imagine she is smirking a little, even if it’s frail and a little forced, but he will take it anyway.
. How dare he.
“And Tony?” Steve asks in a whisper, distressingly, locking in his jaw in an attempt to mask the reflexive gulp he gives, uncomfortable with the aching misery that fills his chest when he says the name out oud.
– But – it makes
There it is again, this funny, cruel irony, when Steve realizes that he is now so eager to think about the Accords just so he can avoid thinking about anything else.
Tony remains completely unresponsive for two entire days. Those two days are filled with the most unnerving unease she has ever felt in her life.
because – because—
Scott’s trial is not transmitted to the public.
“Mr. Jarvis, listen to me.” The Deputy Chief calls, gently. “I’ve been doing my best to keep your presence inside SHIELD systems under wraps, but I can only do so much. I have someone very close to me I cannot trust, and I won’t be able to distract him very long. I’m giving you another way in. You have to understand that if you want to know what happened to Howard Stark,
Every time they do something he can’t predict, a decision he cannot agree with, a comment he cannot make better, he becomes more and more aware of how
Tony tries to remind himself of that.
He shudders involuntarily, closing his eyes for the briefest of seconds, taking in a breath and forcing himself to stay grounded, just for a few seconds more, to take it all in.
“Nat.” Steve calls her, softly, hoping they would have a bit more privacy than this; But they are on the Quinjet, going back to Wakanda, and Sam is piloting just a few meters away. The Wakandan aircraft is so sophisticated and advanced it barely makes a sound, even from the inside, and Steve knows that if Sam strained is ears a little, he could probably hear everything. But he won’t. Sam will probably recognize Steve’s whispering tone as a silent wish for some discretion, and he will give them that.
He hesitates.
But God, it’s really good to see Bruce laugh. Thanks, Thor.
go to Rhodey but he can’t right now - it would raise Ross’ suspicions, and though Rhodey won’t admit, he’s still a little upset he managed to get a black eye in a
(Guardian. Android.
He forces himself to remember this.
besides have Pepper in his arms and pretend the world
No one vouches for him. No one agrees, nor gives any indication they are considering the idea to be doable. They are thinking about it, alright. He feels it in the air, the charge, the
you to keep telling me I screwed up because I
Yet, here she is.
“Was there—” Tony bites his lip, reflexively, unnerved by its tremble. “Was there any way we could have stopped this? We could have… found a way?”
and the
Steve has never thought about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
There’s very little of him that’s not focusing completely on Bucky or his surroundings. So he must admit, the beauty that is Wakanda almost slips him by.
“Glad to know you’re so happy that I survived.” Tony sarcastically says, hoping the banter will bring back some sense of relief and recognition to this far-too-emotionally-exhausting day, glad to ignore Rogers for a little while longer if that means he can breathe normally.
The entire thing is quick and blurry, like an acid trip, but Tony doesn’t feel it registering right in his brain. He feels detached from it, cold, his mind so distant from the present, trapped in the memories of the smell and the ache and the rush of the battle, like he’s shutting down slowly. He’s lost in it, uncertain if he should stay or leave, unsure if he’s able to do either of those things, and in his delay, it’s Nebula and Rocket who step forward, as if hypnotized by the footage, compelled by the sight of their teammates – their
