After a while, he pulled Sherlock close to his chest, as they both calmed and listening to each other breathe as they watched the fire crackle soothingly in the fire place.
Sherlock made a noise of agreement in the back of his throat but made absolutely no effort to dislodge himself from the blonde, now sucking on the bites he’d left on his collarbones. John, in turn, decided he didn’t particularly care either and set out to help Sherlock with his shirt, the artist’s trembling fingers were not really doing much in the desperation. He threw the garment across the room and locked his mouth with the artist’s, tasting the wine they’d drunk and a slight taste of the tiramisu dessert they’d ‘shared’ on his tongue (if you could call Sherlock eating most of it on the first bite sharing).
Now that John was here he was convinced that this was both his very best and his very worst idea. He wasn’t sure how on earth he would react to seeing the man naked again after…after.
“Come on. We really have to go. If we wait any longer, we might run into Mrs Norris or the librarian opening up”. Even as he said it though, he didn’t attempt to move his legs from under the warm solid weight of Sherlock’s head.
“Oh…. Mummy then” John laughed, ears turning pink “Yes I’m taking very good care of him….. really?..... I’m sure he’s been very busy… I’ll make sure he visits you more often…. of course! He and I would
“A guy took your sights away from Mary? I like him already” Greg grinned, raising his orange juice in cheers to wash down his mouthful.
There he was; cheeks tinged with a soft blush with the cold fall air, or excitement? John couldn’t tell, but his dark curls were flying everywhere in the morning wind and he was looking directly into John’s eyes, grinning and cheering in contrast to the sulking Slytherin’s around him.
then I wouldn't have dared settle!” his words became harsher and angrier. John felt something ugly and hot stir inside of him. Words directed at such a kindhearted wonderful woman, who basically raised both boys on her own. Who opened up her arms to John into her life even when she owed him nothing. And to say that about Sherlock… he who was anything BUT incompetent. Who wanted magic above all else in all this world. How dare he speak about his own son like that? About either of them like that?
John smiled softly, his eyes sparkling with fondness. “Yeah… I am.” He stood slowly from the bench and walked over to Sherlock and stopped directly in front of him, a little closer than he usually did and stared calmly into the Ravenclaw's eyes, a pink blush unwavering from his soft cheeks.
It didn’t take long to spot them talking in the corner of a hallway. All John had to do was hide behind the people walking the other way towards the Great hall and duck behind the closest statue where the hallways met at a cross section. He was a safe distance away so that if anything happened he could just quickly turn to the corridor at his right and pretend he was never there but close enough to make out what they were saying.
“Class!” Mr Longbottom had called for attention and John had been forced to tear his eyes away from Sherlock, not missing a small surprised smile he had given John when the latter had pronounced his deductions as amazing and brilliant.
John just stared at them for a couple of seconds before he burst out chuckling. “Geez, guys. I’m alright! Minor injuries at best. Nothing to worry about” he smiled at them though, appreciating how much his friends had worried about him and feeling rather touched.
“WELCOME WELCOME, TO ANOTHER DIVINATION CLASS! Today my dears… we’ll gaze INTO OUR FUTURES!” Professor Trelawney exclaimed, waving her hands around excitedly and gazing at them with her huge bug-like blue eyes through her rounded spectacles.
Sherlock grinned, trying but failing to contain the immense joy he had by seeing that look on the Gryffindor’s face. He threw his arms over John again and held him tightly. His colossal relief was so immense it was as if the years he had not seen John were ones he had spent holding his breath. He was so overwhelmed, completely dizzy with it. How had he not remembered how blue John’s eyes were? Or how tanned his skin was? How his brow crinkled delicately when he laughed-
John looked up at the door across the small room. Who on earth could that be? He wasn’t expecting anyone. He’d paid his rent on time… right?...yes. Yes he had! John stood up and walked over just as the knocks resounded again, the sudden image of Sherlock behind the door flashed momentarily through his mind but he dismissed the thought forcibly. Sherlock should never come here and see the conditions in which John was currently living. Why on earth would he come over for any reason anyway?
John shook his head in disbelief and joy. They stared at each other smiling just a moment too long, the moment stretched and lingered as they both unwillingly had to look away. Sherlock felt his heart racing and the need to say something, anything, not to make John go away rose up painfully inside of him.
He accompanied Irene to the small booth for the commentator and sat down next to her to wait for the game to start, ignoring the fact that he was technically sitting in the Slytherin booth a couple of rows in front of Anderson and Sally who were talking loudly about the inefficiency of the Gryffindor team to anyone who would listen. But suddenly he didn’t feel at ease, like he belonged, like he usually did at John’s games (the only Quidditch matches he would bother attending. If he attended any others he was dragged by John and he deleted them later anyway).
The usual for rings from his clock chimed into the early dawn and Sherlock jumped out of bed. Normally his routine consisted of no more than showering and styling his hair very simply before wearing the first suit he laid his eyes on. Today, however, something tingled in the back of his mind. He tried his best to convince himself that he wasn’t lingering in the mirror to perfect every single curl on his head and styling them in a slightly puffed but soft looking style just because he would be seeing the new model again. Obviously not.
to spend more time with John. Although… he did seem happy to spend time with him when they were together. But then again maybe was just being nice? And John couldn’t just bring it up halfway through a divination class. ‘Hey Sherlock I know we haven’t really talked in 5 years but why did you never answer any of my letters? Also, why am I suddenly so nervous around you? Did you do something to your hair?’ No. That conversation would not go over well.
John had grown hungry after a while. He gently moved Sherlock from where he had fallen asleep, mostly on top of his chest with John’s hand against his forehead reassuringly. He got up as quietly and as gently as he could and walked into the house towards the kitchen.
“If it helps” Molly started, smiling hesitantly “We are all very happy for you both” she grinned giddily, the rest of the students all nodding vigorously and some of them hooting in congratulatory whoops.
Luckily Sherlock and Irene had not cast a Muffliato spell on them and if John leaned slightly forward he could hear quite clearly that they were having a heated argument in hissed whispers.
, John marvelled. So they all headed into a store with a big green sign that read “Flourish and Bots”.
John instantly tensed as he usually did when Sherlock was referred to anything other than his name in an unfriendly manner. He glared towards Sally but she took no notice of him, clearly finding her nails more engaging than John’s protectiveness over Sherlock.
John bit his lip to keep from interrupting his story. But he placed a firm hand on Sherlock’s thigh and gave a reassuring squeeze to go on. The urge to take him in his arms consuming him whole.
“Oh, bloody hell!” John cried, his voice quivering as he tried to keep steady whilst his feet skidded around on the ice. Sherlock watched amusedly and skated gracefully towards him. “Quite tricky to keep balance without proper stakes, I know. But I’m sure you’ll manage,” he sniffed and skated off into the centre of the lake, easy footwork as his long legs drifted smoothly around.
John had been so amazing today. He’d listened when Sherlock talked about his parents and his brother and hadn’t pushed him for information or treated him with pity. They’d eventually moved on to other topics and the mood had lightened significantly under the bright sun and chilly late autumn air. John had enchanted a light snowfall around Sherlock as the latter discussed his theory on the properties of double core wands and Sherlock had spluttered as a small snowflake drifted in front of him and into his mouth. John had laughed as Sherlock shook his head and sent freezing flakes in all directions whilst cursing John vivaciously.
“Is this.. is this about my letters?” John prompted as gently as he could. This was important. John didn’t want to scare Sherlock away but this was a conversation they had pushed back too long. One of many conversations, clearly. John didn't want to ruin what was happening between them, but he knew that they could never move forwards and past it if they weren’t honest with each other.
They walked into class together, Sherlock giving John suspicious glances every couple of minutes trying to figure out what he was thinking, what their whole previous conversation had been about.
He rose rapidly from his chair, almost knocking it over in the process. It was like a veil had been uncovered from Sherlock’s eyes and now he could see him painting exactly as it was and exactly as it should be. Everything was so clear. He walked rapidly towards his easel and his painting materials and set to work, uncapping the paints he would need and making sure he had every paintbrush he would utilise as well as a rag to clean them on and a good amount of turpenoid.
“The uh...J-John…” Sherlock gasped, closing his eyes and letting his head fall back onto John’s shoulder. John chuckled breathily, his hands now roaming onto Sherlock’s chest and sliding onto his hips, suggestively dipping the tips of his fingers below the artist’s silky boxer briefs.
“No, right sorry.. sorry. Yes. I’ll uh- I'll take this please.” John stuttered out, quickly letting go of Sherlock as the latter did the same and he reached for the first thing his eye caught, which happened to be a dungbomb.
Sherlock observed the tapes in quick blinks, taking in the small details before turning back to observe the man on the floor. He took in the man’s clothing items, the positioning of the body and the items surrounding him in the room and smiled. He was about to speak when-
. I thought you were angry with me.  How could you not know... ever since we were children… I’ve never wanted anyone but you. It's always been you.
“Your father” she choked out. “Your father… has decided…” she sniffled, “He has decided that it is time for him to transfer to France. For… for us to…” she finally looked up to meet his eyes. “To move… away.”
“It’s not done yet. But in the next 10 minutes, it’ll be a fully functioning tranquillizer draught. Nothing to worry about, John. I’ve done this before. It is perfectly safe.”
Sherlock smirked, looking smug at catching John staring so blatantly and no doubt, with fully dilated and lustful eyes.
He was just getting to the tantalizing slope of Sherlock’s arse when there was a very loud clearing of a throat behind them. “Ehem!”
“There’s plenty of artist’s showing their work I'm sure they won't miss me. Besides, the interviews are done and we’ve been here for more than 3 hours.” He kissed John lightly again, much more softly, lovingly. “Take me home” he whispered.
Sherlock snorted, rolling his eyes at John’s ridiculous dance, ignoring the weird lurch his heart made at John’s shirt riding up and revealing a sliver of tan skin on his flat abdomen. He looked away, clearing his throat.
“It’s okay mummy, and yes.” Sherlock answered, “But it's John. not Johnny. As I’ve said before” he added exasperatedly. From the corner of his eye, he could see John smirking good-naturedly. John himself was barely dressed more than Sherlock, the domesticity that had settled around them in these past months enveloping them.
Sherlock’s hips bucked uncontrollably as he cried out into John's mouth and wrapped his arms around his back tightly. John pressed his lips against Sherlock’s open ones chastely, then peppered kisses all around his face. A stream of breathless ‘John’s’ stuttered out from Sherlock’s lips and into the soft golden hair under his lips.
Carefully he circled the platform, surveyed the model from every angle until he knew exactly what he wanted for the first pose of the day. “Go down on one knee please, John”
mouth. There. Perfect. He tried his best to replicate John’s movements with his lips until he got the hang of them and tried a few of his own, obtaining a few gorgeous sighs and moans from John’s chest.
“Hoo hoo!” Mrs. Hudson, his landlady, peeked her head inside the room. “I came by to dust and noticed your fridge contents have still not gone down, so I brought you some tea and sandwiches” she came into the room, opening the door with her hip. Sherlock came over to her side and took the tray from her hands. She was wearing a deep burgundy dress and kitten heels, her silvering hair pulled up into a loose bun, as familiar as ever.
Sherlock grinned, not knowing what exactly had made everything in his mind click so completely but deciding it was best not to dwell on it and just bask in what he did best.
When the thought rushed back into Sherlock’s head he straightened up and tried to observe John’s body objectively as to know where to position the lights. He moved the two lower lights and positioned them at his sides to emphasise the toned V shape emerging from John’s thighs and placed one of the overhead ones tilted and directed at the right side of John’s head as to make do with the fascinating bullet scar he could see at the top of the shoulder. That same light also helped bounce through John’s collarbones and his.. various abdominals. Sherlock tried not to think too hard about that one. He tried his best not to clear his throat too obviously, knowing that it would give away at least part of his awkward inner turmoil.
John smiled sweetly, the softest tiniest smile Sherlock had ever seen. He instantly wanted to sit down and paint John looking at him like that. John opened his mouth to say something, but something tugged at Sherlock’s heart again
“I know” Sherlock whispered, his own vision quite blurry. But a blurry John was infinitely better than John at all.
Heart in his throat Sherlock continued with the class, already having ideas on how to bring John back to his place afterward and maybe sitting down to talk. He wasn’t too keen on it but it was important.
Sherlock couldn’t even summon the energy to come up with some snarky or teasing remark before John had taken gone back down to lave his tongue around the sensitive head of Sherlock’s cock, lightly dipping into the slit. He used his free hand to tug lightly at the artist’s balls and before Sherlock knew it he could feel John’s fingers inside him probing deeper and deeper, the initial discomfort almost gone and the pleasure singing at the edges when-
Practice definitely helped. John relaxed after a couple of minutes in the air and by the second goal, he scored he was back to his joking, grinning self. Sherlock could not be more relieved. As usual, they played until the sun began to set. Sherlock was getting better and better at deducing John’s movement and plays, and could now block John’s shots with much more ease, as well as score a few of his own. John was still winning for now. But not by that much anymore.
John closed his eyes and sighed. He adjusted Sherlock’s weight on his shoulders so he wouldn’t be completely dragged on the floor (
The artist could’ve sworn he saw John’s lip curl up, he cleared his throat and straightened his posture.
John hopped up on the table, reminiscent of how Irene Adler had done just the week before. He smiled inwardly at the memory, knowing how excited Irene had become once Sherlock had confessed to her that he and John had.. figured things out a couple of days later during their second lesson. “You sly dog!” she had hissed, grinning wolfishly down at him whilst he grinned helplessly.
He snickered, pressing his chest onto Sherlock’s back and kissing his neck softly “Don’t pretend you don’t adore you mum and call her every day anyway” he giggled, the gentle sounds muffles against the curls at Sherlock’s nape.
They coursed through the large white rooms, dodging the public and the reporters quickly before anyone could call them back. Sherlock was actually quite hopeful that they would get out of there easily without getting interrupted when a tall man with the most expensive suit around stood in front of the main door to block their way.
Sighing Sherlock closed the door again, his head falling forwards with a light thump onto the cold wood of the door, reaching down to lock it, just in case.
John shook his head; she didn’t have to explain anything to him. The last thing she needed was someone else that told her what to do. Instead, John just threw his arms around her waist and hugged her, pressing his face into the soft material of her jumper at her shoulder, where his head barely reached.
“Just saying, Sherlock? That looks suspiciously like a liquid muggles take when they’re stomach sick” John said, eyebrows high on his forehead and face scrunched up in distaste.
Sherlock walked into class in complete silence. 10 minutes late. His hair was sticking up everywhere, his shirt at least a day old and wrinkled. Not to mention it was stained with paint smudges all around the cufflinks.
John stared at her, his heart still beating painfully against his ribs and his fists clenching. “What?”
Sherlock’s head turned sharply towards him, a startled look on his face. His cheeks coloured a little as he smiled tentatively, looking back at Angelo who was beaming at them. “Yeth… my friend.”
The Gryffindor turned towards his own table following the voice. Molly and Greg were signalling him to come with enthusiastic waves of their hands.
“You have his number?” she asked, arms crossed. He nodded. “Well then,” she smiled, “there you go!”. She patted his cheek lightly and hopped off the table. “I gotta go now, love. Kate’s probably waiting for me back home. Ta ta!” she called, her heels clicking with every step she took until the door closed behind her and Sherlock could not hear her anymore.
He hovered over the send button. Hesitating. There was a very high chance that John wouldn’t want to see Sherlock again. If he was embarrassed or disgusted… which were the most probable outcomes in Sherlock’s mind. There was also the chance that he wouldn’t reply at all.
. He had kissed John Watson. John… whose cheeks were tinted pink, and his lips were kissed-red, swollen and wet. Wet from kissing
Sherlock bit his lip and broke the eye contact for a moment, looking down at his paper instead to ‘fix a line’.
“I’m right here mate. Don’t worry, you’re okay. you just passed out” he smiled as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open delicately and looked completely and utterly confused. A rare look to catch in Sherlock’s expression. He liked when Sherlock looked like this, unreserved and soft.
Sherlock, oblivious to John’s internal struggle proceeded to flop down onto the snow and turned his foot as much as he could and pointed his want to it. “Aguamenti,” he commanded, and a rush of water squirted from the tip of his wand. “Glacius!” he exclaimed, a few seconds later. The result was the sole of his shoe was coated in a layer of solid, semi-transparent ice. Sherlock grinned triumphantly. “This should be enough… seems to be thick enough”.
“Beauxbatons has plenty of small ponds that freeze over during winter. When my father still lived with us, I usually stayed over the winter in the academy. Taught myself to skate. It’s not hard. Just some simple mathematical equations and physics. I can teach you if you like”.
was Mycroft and he had taken more than 20 seconds, a very slow pace for the annoyingly big brain his brother had.
Sherlock nodded and took a deep breath before opening his eyes. “You mustn't think it was because I didn’t want to, John. Please believe me… because not speaking to you- not having you around for all those years was the single most terrible thing that I have ever had to go through. You were and are.. my best friend. My
This is a short-ish chapter-- intro to teenlock, kinda <3<3 I already started the next one so I HOPE itll be up in about a week!! Next chapter will be like twice the size of this one i think<3<3
“Oh Sherlock” John moved his hand onto the back of Sherlock’s neck and gently pulled him in. He smiled at him tenderly, leaning in very slowly so Sherlock could make up his mind if this wasn’t something he wanted.
Sherlock shot him an annoyed glance, he knew exactly what it would smell like. But he decided to humor them and slightly bent forwards towards the pearly white steam coming from the cauldron. He inhaled deeply and instantly became wide eyed and flushed.
“Of course, you don’t,” Sherlock muttered. Lestrade kept babbling on about the case. All incorrect information, Sherlock was sure, so he tuned him out, searching the crowd behind him for a golden blonde head of hair or a set of azure blue eyes.
The water poured over his face and chest, washing away the dark remnants of his drawings from last night. He coursed his hands through his curls, smoothing the knots away and the remains of some paint he always ended up finding tangled up in there.
During the break Sherlock was buzzing with the need to talk to John, to somehow confirm what they’d done and what Sherlock hoped they were now to each other. He waited somewhat awkwardly behind his desk, pretending to arrange some papers but sneaking glances at John as he reached for his modesty robe and slipped it on. John hopped off the platform and looked up at Sherlock, smiling mischievously. Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, perhaps invite him to a coffee from the cafeteria but-
This was even worse! It was not possible that he could possibly be developing a little crush on the artist! On the person he was posing naked for! And not just him, an entire classroom filled with students! Firstly, there was no way that Sherlock would be even remotely interested and secondly, it was completely inappropriate to try to seduce the person you work with. And even worse inviting yourself over to their class to do it. No wonder Sherlock had been so shocked. The man could see everything in a person as clear as day and John’s feelings were probably just as transparent.
John’s eyes fluttered over Sherlock’s slowly flushing face, keeping everything to memory before he quickly, almost imperceptibly, flickered his gaze to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock’s heart stopped and his feet stopped skating abruptly as his knees shook.
Sherlock rolled his eyes good-naturedly and started walking into the shop. “No! Sherlock! …… Wait!”.
Sherringford. And he knew very well that Sherlock hated him too. John was sure that the few instances he’d seen of the verbal and almost physical abuse he’d inflicted on his family had not been rare occurrences. And he was sure that his young mind had most likely not even processed a lot more occasions where he had been the bastard he is. He couldn’t even start to imagine how Sherlock must be feeling about this. About the man who was solely responsible for his not going to Hogwarts, the place he had dreamed of for all his life, and what’s more, for his mother’s suffering.  “I’m so sorry… there must be something we can do. Or Mycroft. Maybe we can talk her out of it”
They reached the metal gates that led to the restricted section and found that a single ‘Alohomora’ charm wasn’t enough. Clearly one of the library staff had noticed someone had broken in, after Sherlock had, about a month ago. Sherlock fiddled with a couple other charms whilst John looked out for Filch or Mrs Norris. The library sure was quiet at night, John thought. All he could really hear was his and Sherlock’s breathing and the quiet murmurs coming out of Sherlock’s mouth as he attempted to break the spells binding the gates shut.
Without letting himself think about it too much John reached out a hand and with gentle fingers, he tenderly dug them into the back of his friend’s hair and untangled the dry leaf with a weak crackle. After that he moved on to the next, coursing his fingers upwards onto the tangled rolls of soft curls. He picked away at the leaves and soothed the scratches of the dry edges with tender fingertips. Sherlock’s breath hitched in a barely audible gasp and when John was finally brave enough to turn to look at him he had his eyes closed, his neck craned up and towards John’s hand, pushing into the touch. His neck was tinted pink, the blush spreading through to his cheeks and pooling there heavily. His lips were slightly parted in a soundless gasp.
Okay. That was enough now. Sherlock opened his mouth again, now fully prepared to scathe and insult this man to an inch of his life, press be damned. John. His COUSIN? He had
Seeing Sherlock at the hospital wing was not exactly an uncommon occurrence (he showed up at least once a week for some sort of experiment related wound followed closely by an annoyed and huffing John), but by the look of John’s face Madam Pomfrey knew this was not some sort of silly accident with Poly juice potion.
“Outside the library. Now” he hissed as Irene stood gracefully. She grinned from ear to ear, and followed him out.
Sherlock surged forward in a spasmic arch as sparks of pleasure trickled down and zinged into his every nerve.
John rolled his eyes again, fighting off a grin and keeping himself upright as he shoved Greg back. “Let's just get back to practice, alright?” he said, ignoring Greg’s knowing look and already feeling the interrogation that would surely come up soon enough over this over dinner or later in the common room.
The hour passed sluggishly, Professor Trelawney went around the classroom trying to teach everyone how to decipher the figures in the mist and translate them into predictions. So far, no one aside from Molly had been successful at distinguishing anything in the fog. Then again, judging by hers and Greg’s giggles maybe she’d only pretended to see something.
John nodded, encouragingly. He didn’t want to interrupt Sherlock. Clearly, this was taking a lot of effort for him to finally say.
“Gorgeous…” John finished, leaning closer. Sherlock’s eyes opened slowly, meeting John’s gaze in a now familiar strike of electricity between them. John raised his other hand and took Sherlock’s face between both of them, his cheeks significantly warmer than they had been a moment ago.
“Finally!” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, leaping surprisingly fast from his seat and almost toppling it over in the process.
John didn’t notice Sherlock walk into the living room again and was, as discreetly as he could manage, trying to peer into the studio.
“I still think I’m right. But come on, the Quidditch match starts in 5 minutes, and I’m doing the voiceover because last time Anderson did it SOMEBODY jinxed him” she looked at Sherlock with a raised eyebrow “and Ii’m sure you don’t want to miss the game anyway” she winked.
He grinned up at the books and tentatively raised a hand waiting to see if any book approached his extended fingers but no books vibrated with hesitation or temptation to his waiting hand and John snorted, knowing it wouldn’t work but amused at the fact that it was like the books themselves knew exactly what to do and where to go. He raised himself on his tiptoes and tried again.
John forgot completely about his leg, the pain and at the end of class when he and Sherlock keep talking even after everyone has left and they leave class together… he forgot his cane.
to talk to him,” said Molly. “As uncomfortable as it may seem… it’ll be better in the long run. The more you delay this conversation, the worse its gonna get. No good comes from holding things back.”
“Sherlock Holmes is a brilliant boy there’s no doubting that…. I just hope he will someday be a good one” Greg had shrugged.
John’s soft expression disappeared and he looked thoroughly annoyed “I’M THE CAPTAIN AND I’LL BE OUT IN A MINUTE GREG!” He answered just as loudly.
They talked idly about the upcoming match as John led them towards one of the largest willow trees along the lake, one he’d found on his fourth year after getting over his phobia of willow trees when he had had a nasty run-in with the Whomping Willow on his first year here alongside Greg.
John just stared, still glued to his chair. Though it wasn’t like he could just stand in front to the class and demand why Sherlock was here. Why he hadn’t seen or heard from him in 5 years. Why over the course of those years he’d never even bothered to answer one of his-
They entered the shop and were immediately relieved by the lack of icy wind and falling snow, as it was replaced by lovely warm air and the smell of several types of explosive joke artifacts and funky looking potions in small glass vials.
“WHO’S IN THERE!” they heard Filch shout. The light from his lantern was already reflecting on the frosted glass and illuminating them both in soft yellow light.
Sherlock, begrudgingly, of course considered her to be one of the closest things he had to consider a friend. Until John came along. But best not to think about John too much right now.
Sherlock repeated the procedure onto his other shoe and stood up carefully, branching out his arms to balance himself and waddled over to the icy ground of the lake.
“I’d love to come over”, John replied with a knowing smile, tracing his index finger over the top of Sherlock’s resting hand on the table suggestively.
” his jaw tightened again at the memory, Sherlock watched the muscles contract at the edge of his throat closely. “He clearly wanted nothing more than to have you all for himself. Well now that’s just..” he frowned deeply again, seeming torn between needing to express a claim on Sherlock and keep his temper under control.
Sherlock looked up, rolling his wet robes and tucking them under his arm along with the box containing the bludgers and bats they’d used for practice.
They had fallen asleep in each others arms after a quiet night in just after finishing off a case. At the crack of dawn, however, John had woken up abruptly from a nightmare to find the other side of the bed empty and cold. That wasn’t really that unusual considering Sherlock was quite fond of painting at dawn, even more s since he had been offered the gallery space for his first solo-exhibit. But that night, John had suddenly craved the warmth by his side in the remaining veiling of his nightmare.
“John!” Eliza cried. She rushed to his side “I’m so sorry! You absolutely did not have to see that... I can't believe- I”
“To the lab!” he called out to John, who closely tailed him with a slightly confused but very intrigued grin.
Then and there John decided he wanted absolutely nothing to do with Mary. He hummed noncommittally and pretended to listen as she proceeded to tell him about the boy he’d once known. It’s not that he was exactly in perfect terms with Sherlock himself right now. In fact, he was rather confused as to how to feel himself.
“Gladstone?” John whispered into the dark room. Almost instantaneously, John heard the clicking of an owl’s beak somewhere above him. He craned his neck upwards and spotted his white and gold barn owl perched on one of the wooden posts of his bed staring down at him with wide inquisitive eyes. John chuckled softly. “There you are”, he smiled. Gladstone flitted down onto John’s shoulder with a couple flaps of his wings. His claws dug gently onto John’s soft pyjama shirt. “Would you mind taking this down to Sherlock Gladstone? You know him. You met him the day I got you. He’s over at the Slytherin common room.”
The urge to reach out for John, to feel the warmth of his skin was overwhelming. But surely John didn’t feel like this too… not that way Sherlock did.
He was met with a look of complete betrayal, laced with subtle but not completely imperceptible amusement as Sherlock took the phone from John’s hand and pressed it against his ear.
It was 12 minutes after the first whistle and Beauxbatons was up by 20 points. The Hogwarts Gryffindor team was proving to be a challenge, but Sherlock was feeling good about their chances. He risked a glance at the Gryffindor seeker, Sarah… something… Astley?, but she was flying laps above the figures of her teammates, oblivious to the snitch fluttering about. Sherlock moved rapidly, but cautiously. Sekeers’ worst mistake was to panic when they saw the tell-tale flash of gold. He wouldn’t speed until he was sure and until he was certain he was close enough not to alert the other Seeker.
“Oh. Yeah… That was… really something.” Sherlock murmured, he looked down at his feet, avoiding John’s gaze.
They main library was already locked up so they quietly whispered an ‘Alohomora’ charm, made sure the librarian had definitely left the premises, and snuck into the darkened halls of the massive library. Already John felt his heart race with the promise of danger that came with breaking the rules. How had he never even thought about doing this before tonight? Sure he, Greg and Molly had not exactly STUCK to the rules in previous years, but aside from a few rather terrifying trips to the forbidden forest with his friends and a rather embarrassing encounter with Moaning Myrtle on a couple of his make out sessions with one of his ex-flings John had never really done anything after curfew.
Irene was, without a doubt, the hottest girl in the whole castle, with her dark long curls and her blood-red lips, but since Sherlock was not showing even the sign of interest in the conversation John was starting to feel better and was considering getting up from this ridiculous hiding spot and just tear Sherlock away from her and into the gardens around the lake where they would spend hours talking or just sitting together in comfortable silence. That was...until she whispered something in his ear, and he snapped his head towards her grey eyes wide, appraising and shocked and before John had blinked Irene was grinning triumphantly and they were walking out of the library together. John’s stomach instantly dropped in cold shock.
“That’s… what is that exactly?” John asked, as he set his bag-pack under his seat and reached for some waffles from the spread of food in front of him on the table.
They were all perfectly aligned, straight-backed and without a hair out of place. They light blue robes fluttered around their ankles but their feet were almost soundless in the light graceful walks. They all stared forward as if unaware of the students watching them go by as they gathered at the front of the hall, awaiting instructions. John watched them walk past, wide-eyed. If he had been drinking any water he was sure he would have spit all of it out.
“You could see all that just by yourself? Without any powers?! It wasn’t weird! It was amazing!” John exclaimed excitedly, his eyes shining with admiration for the shorter boy with the curly raven hair.
“Excellent! Simply marvelous!” Slughorn exclaimed  “Mr. Holmes come to the front of the class to demonstrate if you please” He motioned towards him.
“Oh my god is that a Dittany plant?! Wait!” Sherlock yanked himself backwards, pulling against John and the vine constricted painfully.
“Sorry?” John turned around, his long blond bangs swishing with the motion and stumbling out of his raised stance. His sights fell upon the owner of  the high voice, a small boy around his age with had dark brown hair that was completely untamed in messy curls that framed his pale face. The face itself was thin but he had two round cheeks that were rosy and soft and his lips resembled a tiny red rosebud that contrasted completely with the stark grey blue of his eyes.
As hard as Sherlock tried he could not help the happy grin that bloomed across his face. Yes… it was his first week at Hogwarts with John. At last.
Sherlock turned towards the unfamiliar voice, steeling himself for yet another pointless interaction but knowing it to be necessary for his profession. He smiled as naturally as he could and answered “Yes. I am Sherlock Holmes”
Sherlock’s room looked like it had been through a war. Every surface was covered in school materials, clothes and books. Two suitcases lay on the side of his humongous bed both open and filled almost to the brink and Sherlock and John were stuffing a pile of books into one of them.
“Well then why did you want to camp without a tent? As I recall you said the cold wouldn’t be a problem!”
And suddenly those eyes met his, widening in shock and horror. His cheekbones bloomed a fiery red tone, giving him even more of a resemblance to the young boy John knew once. Neither made a move for a few moments. They just stared at each other in silence as Professor Septima spoke her gratitude and goodbye to Professor Trelawney before walking out of the door and closing it being her.
When John arrived at the hospital wing Sherlock was all but snatched from his arms by a huffing Madam Pomfrey.
The words flashed before his eyes and in those mere seconds where he tried to search for something… anything to say, he saw John fully. The little, lost boy he’d spotted so many years ago in Diagon Alley had grown completely into himself. He no longer looked lost and afraid. He held himself proudly. His round eleven-year-old face had transformed into a rugged boyish handsome sixteen-year-old. And his eyes… his eyes still held the same curiosity and innocence but were now tinted with charm and a trace of danger. Sherlock’s breath hitched. He felt a familiar warmth course through him, something he knew he’d felt before.
John bit his lip, seeming nervous “We’re uh… pretty far from your place” he started, his hands dropping from the artist’s face. The artist instantly felt the cold air against them.
“Just. Give me a minute!” Sherlock hurriedly took a small pair of hedge clippers that were laying around and proceeded to cut pieces of the devil snare.
Once the time was up (Sherlock had counted the minutes in his head), he nodded at John and released the pose, much to the relief of his cramped arm muscles and back. He stretched for a moment, releasing the tension.
the artist couldn’t help when they rose and clogged his throat closed as his breaths became shallower and he blinked rapidly, watching John thank this woman with a wide grin. She beamed back at him, clearly pleased with herself.
He was currently pacing around John frantically, hands steepled under his chin in a classic Sherlock pose, fingers slightly longer than John remembered but still quite small. They were in the centre of the garden, surrounded by the vast array of colourful flowers Eliza tended with love and care and the trees they often lazed beneath.
A rattling sound coming from the window startled Sherlock mid-sentence and he finally did choke on the piece of pancake he was currently half-chewing. John slapped him on the back, whilst rolling his eyes good-naturedly as Eliza stood up to open the window.
“Against like 100!” John quipped, and followed Sherlock to the ground. He landed beside him with a soft thump just as the rain let loose and drops showered down heavily.
“Look at this. This is preposterous. I’ve been telling you for almost two months that you do NOT separate the pencil from the paper. CONTINUOUS LINE. This is the only way to measure. Look at this elephant head you’ve given poor John”
“Well, I never!” he huffed. Sherlock laughed. And John then and there decided that if Sherlock’s laugh was one of the best things he had ever seen. And how could he have forgotten that? And how had he not realised how much he had missed it?
Time started again and in his panic, Sherlock forgot about the wand tucked away in his Quidditch robes, he forgot about the Golden Snitch clutched in his fist as he let it out and dove down briskly, arm outstretched and ready to catch John Watson as he fell.
Sherlock surveyed the phone for a second before shaking his head and walking purposively out of the classroom.
Sherlock laughed “I’m sure that was exactly it John”. He paused, biting his lip. “I could… if you want. I could play a piece for you?”
“Anderson. What the hell is this?” Sherlock motioned towards the drawing. “You’re sketching! You’re sketching on me! It’s week 6 of the semester and you’re STILL sketching on me? Move over”
“I mean… what are the chances of there being an infestation at Beauxbatons! That you finally get to come here!” John shook his head and stared at Sherlock as if still expecting him to disappear like a mirage.
“It’s not like it’d be flying around the house, John,” Sherlock said. “You can let it out. And when it’s night time it’d have a cage to sleep in”
John Watson was in mid swerve of his bat, hitting a Quaffle with remarkable aim and directly towards the Beauxbatons’ players, Sherlock recognized the surprise on Soo Lin’s face when she tried to bat it back only to have it swerve right past her head and into the center hoop, as he himself was certain he’d made the same expression the first couple of times he played against John. He also recognized the triumph and glee in the Gryffindor’s grin, the dip of his dimples and light shining through his blue irises.
The door opened and John walked in, strutting directly to Sherlock’s desk and leaning over to whisper something. Her professor…giggled? Molly turned sharply to Mike eyebrows risen completely and mouth turning up into a wide grin. “Oh…my god”
Sherlock was too important. Even now. He’d just gotten him back and there was no way in hell he would jeopardize that for what might be a cursory crush. Besides… he didn’t even know whether Sherlock was into guys. And if he WAS he couldn’t guarantee that he’d be into HIM. He couldn’t do that do Sherlock or himself now that they were finally starting to reconnect. No.  He wouldn’t make a move. It wouldn’t be god for either of them. There was too much at risk.
That’s how things went for a while. They talked, played Quidditch, ate breakfast together on occasion and took their divination classes together. But John couldn’t really see himself getting as close to Sherlock as they used to be. It was as if there was some sort of barrier there. And it wasn’t that hard to figure out what it was… they hadn’t talked bout their time apart. They’d talked about what they’d been up to, sure. But they hadn’t talked about
Sherlock snorted, of course, John would be interested in such sentimental things. But he had to admit the fact that John
John thought back to Sherlock’s expression moments before he’d botched it all up with his impulsive kiss. He had looked... dazed. Perhaps it had been John’s clouded judgment and want for Sherlock to look like that but... perhaps not?
“Thinking. It’s a substitute of nicotine patches. I used to nick those from my muggle-born herbology professor back at Beauxbatons. He found out eventually and I haven’t been able to get any since. So I made my own substitute”.
The next morning, Sherlock walked into the Great Hall precisely two minutes before John always did. This was because, according to his analyses and calculations, they were now in a relationship.
It was nearing dawn so Sherlock expected it when John yawned and announced that he had to leave. That didn’t mean he didn’t get up from the couch without significant restraint.
The artist could only nod as he unbuttoned his shirt as fast as he could and fumbled with his belt and zipper. As soon as he’d toed off his shoes and socks though, John stopped him.
The man who had been speaking, Sherlock now recognized him as the second DI, Dimmock, rounded John and Sherlock and came to face them. He glared at Sherlock before turning to look at Lestrade accusingly “Who invited the freak here?” he demanded.
“Well... I don’t know. But something tells me it’s not going to be Irene Adler or any other model like that through that door” he turned to look at Moly meaningfully
Standing up so fast he almost knocked over the desk Sherlock began shoveling all of his materials into his bag, feeling his stomach fluttering with nerves but a hopeful feeling spreading through his chest. He had to remember to thank Irene next time he saw her. Maybe he’d invite her and Kate to lunch.
between them but trust and fondness, just like when they were children. Of course, now their gazes held a lot more weight to them..a  lot more sentiment as Sherlock would say.
Anderson nodded fervently and rushed past them as quickly as he could, followed closely by his companions.
The problem is, he doesn’t know what to do. Or… what to feel, really. So. He likes Sherlock. That is the only rational explanation. There’s no other way to explain his racing heart, the sweating.. his lingering stares. But MERLIN how could he help the staring? When Sherlock had gone from his childhood friend with red chubby cheeks and sizzling lisp to… to this ADONIS carved that looked like a marble sculpture walking. But how to even go about it? When he couldn’t even make himself have a conversation that could potentially be awkward… how could he make a move? Did he even want to make a move? HE was JOHN WATSON. He didn’t date! At least not seriously. He casually flirted and hooked up with people now and then but… he couldn’t see himself doing that with Sherlock.
Sherlock’s step stuttered “Oh.. I’m-uh... I keep forgetting. Thorry” he looked up at John, grimacing as if expecting John to reproach him or be angry.
John silenced him with a kiss, dropping the condom back into the drawer with a desperate hum. He kissed down Sherlock’s long neck and chest, teasingly dipping his tongue momentarily into the hollow of his throat and later on as he progressed down, his bellybutton, as he knew Sherlock particularly loved, and also to hear the high wanting whine peel out of his throat.
He showed John everything from his books on magical creatures (Who knew dragons actually existed?) to his extensive collection of magical candy (chasing a chocolate frog across the Holmes’ humongous lawn was definitely not as fun as it sounded… except in retrospect… it was).
“He left instantly after! He probably regrets it! He didn’t even let me reciprocate” Sherlock exploded. He hadn’t said the words out loud since John had left, not even to himself. He had mostly kept quiet for the past days, much to the concern of Mrs. Hudson.
“We’re pretty sure it was the brother. She supported him financially. After her death, the insurance would have paid him a very handsome sum of money. We have him in the interrogation room” Dimmock announced proudly.
“This..uh is a great start, Sally. Make sure you measure properly by closer observation on the model. But it's great!” he rushed out, careful not to make eye contact in case she could see the red blush he could already feel colouring his cheeks.
“I-“ Sherlock breathed “I didn’t… want to assume. I thought perhaps I could convince you to stay with me but after they saw us and assumed we were together.. it was too much”
“No idea,” John said, already standing up and wiping the remnants of his toast with the back of his hand. “I’ll be… right back. Maybe” he murmured and stood up to follow Sherlock. The time for unspoken things was done. And John was going to be there for Sherlock whether he wanted to or not. Clearly whatever was on that letter was not good. And there was no way in hell John was going to let his friend suffer about it all alone.
see why Sherlock was bitter not to be on the fifth floor. They weren't faced with long empty corridors as he had expected. It was one single massive room.
“Greg. Molly. This is Sherlock. The friend from childhood I was telling you about” he grinned, unable to contain his excitement.
“He’ll change John. He’s just... stressed about work. The move will make it better. He promised. And…I have nowhere else to go. I love him.”
“Yeah. He’s a Beauxbaton now. We talked yesterday and I thought… I dunno. I thought everything would go back to the way it was.”
“Thank you Hudders. You shouldn’t have” he lightly kissed her cheek and carried over the tray over to his desk, making space by moving his sketchbook currently open to one of his various drawings of John.
“I have an experiment.” Sherlock said quickly, “I need a sample of ‘devil snare’ and I asked professor Longbottom for some, but he wouldn’t let me cut it without an official authorization. Even if I tried to get it  I wouldn’t for at least a couple of weeks. Besides… rules are dull”. It wasn’t an outright lie. He
Sherlock swallowed down his disappointment. He still wanted John in his life. No matter how much John was willing to give him. He would take anything. Resolving to put the kiss behind them and try his best to forget about the precious seconds of memory he had with John he smiled back as friendly as he cold manage.
John looked down at their hands. He could think of a very logical way of decreasing the amount of space between their hands and pull each other more efficiently. But even the thought of suggesting–
John smiled as if understanding, “the 'catching up'! Come on! I’ll give you a tour of the castle grounds and everything. It's your first week at Hogwarts! At last!”
Greg and Molly assured him that he if he hadn’t written him he must have had a reason. No one cuts contact without a motive. John supposed they were right. After all… John
Later that day, before afternoon lessons, Sherlock sat in front of John in the Gryffindor common room in his usual black leather chair and John in his squashy red velvet in front of the fire. Sherlock was in a full rant, telling his best friend all about his latest results with his experiments in the forbidden forest on the correlation between the density and lengths of unicorn hair compared to the power for wand cores. Spending time together was and had always been easy. And John, as always, listened attentively to his friend's rants while Sherlock secretly basked in the fact that John actually cared and was interested in whatever he had to say...
“Oh. Uh.. no. Not sports… injury” John shrugged “You uh- You didn’t want to get some breakfast before the long poses?” he asked, clearly looking to change the topic. So the military service and thus caused injury were a sore subject, thought Sherlock, interesting. He just wished he didn’t have to find out these things through Mary. He sniffed, trying to block out the conversation that they were now having. John was clearly much less into it than Mary was but then again Mary was clearly flirting and John was a little uncomfortable with the attention.
“It’s fine. He was a rubbish father. My mother is much better off without him.” Sherlock sounded neutral, as if he’d rehearsed those words several times in his own mind. He met John’s eyes again and smiled softly, almost sadly “My mother is a kind woman. Sometimes too kind for her own good.”
“Oh, Sherlock… how could I possibly forget you?” he whispered, brokenly. “I stopped writing because I thought you’d forgotten about
Sherlock froze, his book fell on his lap and rolled onto the floor with a loud thunk. He stared at John’s retreating figure onto the house, heart thundering in his chest. He felt his neck and cheeks flood with hot heat and his eyes widen. He knew he probably looked absolutely ridiculous; eyes wide and mouth parted in complete shock and complete confusion.
The Beauxbaton just had the chance to swerve around to see a whooshing bludger Soo Lin had most likely been aiming for moments ago rocketing in his direction. His eyes widened in horror as he froze on the spot.
They started walking back to the castle, talking about the practice and their past Quidditch games. The sky was darkening rapidly around them and the rain was soaking their school robes steadily, making them heavy and cold, but neither sped up their pace up the grass covered hill.
with him? He felt blood pool in his cheeks as he shook his head, reminding himself to focus. The snitch. Yes. Where was the snitch? Gold flashing movement… where was the gold flashing movement… John had golden hair. Quite bright too. It reflected the sunlight with every shake of his head as he bobbed enthusiastically on his broom. Sherlock could JUST make out a couple of sweat droplets rolling down his jaw and onto his tanned neck. Those looked golden too against John’s tanned skin.
“The smug look on your face,” said Sherlock. “Do you really think your team stands a chance against mine?”. He turned a page, seeming disinterested.
Sherlock’s first solo gallery took place in a reasonably large two floored space with with white walls and dark green marble floors. He’d been receiving quite a lot of attention since his shared gallery almost 9 months ago and had been invited to host a gallery here to show and sell his paintings for 3 a three-month period.
“Seems like an obvious case of suicide here. The tapes are obviously some sort of twin or man that just happened to resemble him.” A man’s voice resounded behind them.
“Hello, love” John sighed, raising his hand to Sherlock’s cheek and smoothing his thumb across the cheekbone.
“Let’s leave. Now,” Sherlock gasped out when they separated some moments later. Even he could tell that if they did this any longer it would become inappropriate for his public image really fast.
“No way!” Molly squeaked oblivious, turning her massive book around to show him the cover. John leaned over to read it and instantly groaned internally ‘The complete origin story of the Pygmy Puff Volume II´.
“Oh! How wonderful!” Eliza cried happily, finally reaching Sherlock and embracing him tightly. “Sherlock’s brother Mycroft also has his first year at Hogwarts! Our little Sherlock was so jealous he-”
“It’s against the law to apparate with children under the age of 16, John. I’m afraid… there’s nothing to do now” she said sadly.
John sighed. Wondering when this bloody class would finally end. He did his best to ignore Mary... and the sneaking tingling in his neck that someone was staring at him intently.
Sherlock sighed but was comforted by John’s soothing fingertips stroking over his knuckles. “I haven’t answered yet… I’m just not sure what to do. I can’t accept my father back into our lives, no matter how much he apologizes. I just can’t. But the last thing I want to do is alienate my mother. Not after everything she’s been through. I… I don’t know”
Sherlock, without any kind of experience with relationships, had no pin pointer to what any of this meant for him and John. Did John... like him? Was he somewhat attracted to him but not enough to follow up on the kiss? Did he regret kissing Sherlock? Or did he simply stop because Sherlock was not kissing back and thus assumed, incorrectly of course, that Sherlock had no inclination to kiss him back at all? Sherlock shook his head. He couldn’t keep obsessing over this. It had been days and it was time to stop thinking about it. God knows he had already obsessed over it enough to have made 2 new paintings of John. One after Sherlock had played him the song on the violin. And the other one moments before he’d kissed him.
How could he have one this to him? Why? Goddamn bastard. Hell, maybe Mary was right. Maybe Sherlock Holmes had become nothing more that a little…
“Sherlock,” John breathed “This… this is incredible!” he exclaimed, turning to look at the raven haired professor with an awestruck look, his eyes glinting with wonder.
Sherlock sighed dramatically “I’ve given the interviews, taken the necessary pictures and been present for more than enough time. The sales go through my manager anyway so, yes. My boyfriend and I are leaving.” He pulled John along as Mycroft stepped aside, brow risen but not seeming surprised by Sherlock rapid speech.
?” he looked completely flabbergasted “Sherlock. We’ve literally spent the last 5 summers of our lives together. We know each other inside and out. I think it’s fine to say we’re more than just
John’s gaze fell a little bit, thinking about how cold his own parents were towards the whole situation… and how cold they were towards any other situation ever. “Oh… they’re…around I’m sure” he tried to give his most convincing smile. As if understanding immediately Sherlock’s mum straightened up, finally letting go of Sherlock who looked tremendously relieved as he gasped a little for air and her smile fell a bit into a concerned expression.
Sherlock shrugged, “I very rarely eat breakfast back at Beauxbatons. But to answer your question, I’m just getting acquainted with Hogwart’s collection of books. Who knows how long I…” he stopped there, swallowing and looking away from John’s sympathetic gaze.
That managed to startle a small snicker out of John. “Yeah well…” he said, shrugging. He couldn’t find what to say next. Sherlock gave him a shy smile, which John instinctually mirrored. Some of the weight in the air around them dissipated, but the tension still thrummed like electricity, slowly pulling them together.
Just in time, the classroom door opened and John walked in. No cane. Not even in hand for an emergency. John was already smiling, which pleased Sherlock immensely, and the moment he closed the door behind himself he turned to catch Sherlock’s eye. “Hello!” he beamed.
“Heh…. I guess so” John smiled. Sherlock smiled hesitantly back, wanting things to be okay between them. What had gone wrong in the last 12 hours since they’d spoken? Granted, he hadn’t actually
John looked down at him as if having not expected that answer to come from Sherlock’s lips. But in a moment he saw Sherlock’s thoughts reflected in his eyes, the magnificence of the things one didn’t expect and the realization that things you never hoped could unexplainably and amazingly come to be “Yeah..” he whispered, a small smile on his face “You’re right. Maybe it will be”.
I enjoyed writing this so much!!! Im going to miss writing these two <3<3<3 Thank you so much for reading this, it means so much to me! And thank you to all that left such lovely comments- they make me so happy <3!! I hope you liked the story!! <3<3<3!!!! Thank you for commenting and leaving kudos and I'll see you next time!!!!! I think a potterlock is next in line for me!
In an impulsive burst of emotion, he leant down and placed a tender kiss on his best friend’s temple, silently sealing his promise to keep him safe and happy and stand by him. He felt a soft curl press down onto Sherlock’s temple against his lips and he softly pulled away before standing and heading to the kitchen.
John nodded, understanding completely. “She sounds like a wonderful woman”. He glanced back at the violin “So you’ve played since you were a child then. I played the clarinet in high school. Couldn’t stick to it for more than 2 years though”
“Really? You taught here?” John’s eyebrows rose, suddenly having an image of modelling for Sherlock in this very room, imagining what it must feel like- the exposure of all the windows, the thrill of seeing the city before you every day at your most vulnerable. And Sherlock, circling the room slowly, lit up by the sunlight from every angle.
Close to nightfall, Sherlock took them to a candy store, the building looked brand new, much brighter than any other in its surroundings. Its sign wasn’t quite as name catching as the others, it just read “Angelo’s”. They walked in, Sherlock leading as he had most of the day and John following. The shorter boy stopped in front of the counter and raised himself on his tiptoes to catch the attention of the man behind it, who was currently looking for something in the back.
Sherlock felt Johns eyes boring into his, recreating their small moment on the icy lake. And once again… right on cue John’s gaze slowly drifted down until it stuck to Sherlock’s rosy lips. The latter licked them instinctively, relishing in the slight gasp that rushed out from John’s parted mouth. Sherlock’s own gaze was drawn down then, unable to stop the slight tilt of his head as watched John’s tongue trace his lower lip tantalisingly slowly. He looked back up at the blond’s eyes, silently asking… letting himself hope for just a moment. His heart thudded faster than he thought possible, his throat closed up with a rush of nerves and emotion. And want. So much want.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed, sounding like he wasn’t even listening as he focused on the impromptu massage.
Back in his house, he had tried as best as he could not to made any more paintings of him, not that it had worked. He spent most of the weekend begrudgingly painting and brooding in between debating whether he should text him or not. But images of the blonde and the woman haunted him. He knew that the odds were that he was… with her. He tried not to think about that. He had expected not to hear from him all weekend long, suspecting he would like to spend the entire weekend by her side. But then today… John texted.
Said man walked out, modesty robe loosely tied on his hips and Sherlock could’ve sworn the smile he threw his way was filled with hunger.
Suddenly realising how long the hug had been going on and wondering if it was still in the socially acceptable range Sherlock loosened his hold on John. He started to let go, and the blonde followed his lead, apparently unaware of Sherlock’s sudden unease and nerves.
“Oh yeah! Your childhood best friend! The one who never answered your letters when he moved away? He’s here?!” Molly’s eyes were wide and curious.
Luckily for them they made it to the class just in time, barely a couple of minutes before the bell rang. Unluckily for them, the whole class was very used to their professor being extremely early and so, the entire class was already there, waiting. Them both walking in together was most certainly not a way to keep things discrete. And John having his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back perhaps just a hair just too low to be considered platonic.
“oh, love…” John pulled back, meeting Sherlock’s icy blue eyes, shining with relief but still sheathed a shade of doubt. John kissed him, raising a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek and smoothing his thumb over the cheekbone. He poured his feelings into the kiss, the things he should’ve said days ago, and the things it was still too soon to voice but still felt deep in his heart.
won at every single practice we've had so far!” John teased, bumping Sherlock with his shoulder. He started off towards the massive wooden doors that led to the lake and Sherlock followed, barely noticing the change in direction.
“I’m fine.” The shorter boy murmured softly. He looked down again, feeling his palms become sweaty and his spine shiver with chills. “I’m... I’m fine.” His breath sped up as he took a step forward towards the edge of the roof. His mouth becoming drier with every passing beat of his racing heart.
The artist helped John shrug off the paint-stained shirt and watched it slither onto the floor hungrily. He was now straddling John’s legs, kneeling on the floor and severely suspecting his expensive suit pants were also getting their fair share of paint stains but being unable to care at all for the moment.
Suddenly his good mood shattered as he thought back to what he’d said last and a realization hit him, a sinking feeling in his gut. Oh no…I said
linger back, taking an unnecessarily long time to pick up his materials and fit all his notes into his shoulder bag. He gave his back to John’s figure, refusing to make notice of the way his heart was beating faster and his throat felt clogged.
got hurt instead of you?” John murmured, brow scrunched forlornly. He reached out a tentative head and laid it next to where Sherlock’s rested on the mattress.
Sherlock had a far away glazed look in his eyes. He looked absolutely hypnotized and enchanted by whatever he had smelt in that potion and John was entranced by the vulnerable look in Sherlock’s usually carefully reserved expression. His pink curved lips were slightly parted and he for a moment, looked straight at John before he began talking.
Suddenly the wet heat of another mouth was gone and John had pulled away. Sherlock dragged his eyes open and was met with the sight of John looking at him, eyes wide and worried. Anxious. “I umm.. I ought to go. See.. see you soon” he smiled hesitantly, it not quite reaching his eyes and before Sherlock could do anything other than blink, trying to process everything that had just happened, the cab’s door was closed and was driving away into the night.
Sorry the update took so long-- the chapter is twice as long and i didnt feel like splitting it into two so- <3<3
“MUMMY!” Sherlock squawked, stopping his pacing abruptly and instantly regretting his choice to have this conversation in speakerphone,
“Hello, Mrs. Holmes!” John sounded far too cheery for Sherlock’s taste, but the blonde just continued to ignore his scowl of disapproval and resumed Sherlock’s pacing where the latter had left off as the artist just listened.
“Welcome! Another year at Hogwarts has finally begun. For some the first… for some the last. I know we are all anxious to begin our annual Welcoming Banquet”. A couple of whoops resounded in the audience, Greg included. McGonagall raised her hand again. “Firstly, however, I have an important announcement to make about some things that will be happening this year”.
term effects. Okay. Let’s go.” He stood up, arms full of ingredients and weird looking jars with questionable things in them. John was sure one of them moved.
“You’re right.” John breathed “No time now”, and with one final loud smack of lips on Sherlock’s jaw he removed himself completely from Sherlock’s back and walked away, turning to see the artist’s gob smacked expression with a giggle “We’ll finish this later. And you can have your revenge for this then” he winked. “For now though,” he extended a hand, which Sherlock stepped forward to reach for, “lets get ourselves changed, and hop into a cab.”
“It was… nice meeting you” John called back. Mycroft only nodded once, watching them leave together into the darkness of the streets.
John had laughed along with a couple of other students but had afterwards not been overly eager to approach Sherlock after seeing a girl crying after the Ravenclaw had deduced her parents were getting a divorce in the following week. Naturally, John had been impressed by the stranger’s strange powers of knowledge when a letter had arrived saying that the girl's parents were, in fact, separating but he was hesitant to meet the strange boy, afraid of what he might see in John.
He felt Sherlock clutch at the front of his modesty robe, pulling him in desperately and gasping into the kiss. They kept the kiss heated but chaste, needing to just feel each other, be with each other in that moment.
Sherlock felt John’s body tense beside him instantly, he gave a minuscule side step subconsciously covering Sherlock’s body from the man before them with his own. Sherlock felt a rush of fondness wash over him instead of the sting of hurt from Dimmock’s remark.
“Well they matched the staircase the killer had used to get to the third floor so clearly the only logical conclusion” Sherlock smiled.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were going out with Irene?” John asked, eyes inexplicably sad and tense.
Once he came out behind the changing screen Sherlock was already packed up, keys in hand. John smiled, picturing going back to Sherlock’s place and this time really letting him let go, picturing all those beautiful sounds he made when he kissed his neck and held him tight.
A couple of days had passed since the Welcoming Banquet when the new students had arrived, and the difference in ambience was still palpable. Everyone was just starting to get used to these blue robed students walking around their campus and discovering every hidden Hogwarts secret for themselves. John was pleased with the whole new wave of students to set his eyes on. So far, though, this girl Mary seemed like a perfect choice for his first catch. Her manner of flirting suggested a preference for a fun and short sort of affair rather than a serious relationship and John was absolute
“Sherlock…” John started, his face scrunched up in worry. “That could not possibly happen. We’ve managed to remain best friends just seeing each other once a year. And exchanging letters. There’s no way…
“Precisely John. Of course, to deem which of these is better I would have to gather all the students with unicorn hair cores and have them duel but I rather think that would regretfully be deemed as unethical. Not to mention annoyingly imprecise. All the students are absolutely atrocious at dueling.”
“I wonder if the effects of such a small Mandrake’s cry really do cause some sort of negative physiological response” Sherlock had wondered out loud and before John could voice his warning they were both instructed to put on their earmuffs. And, as soon as the whole class had begun tearing out mandrakes, Sherlock had snuck a slim finger in between his ear and its covering, allowing some of the shrilling noise inside. The last thing John had seen was Sherlock’s shocked and disturbed expression before he had promptly fallen to the ground in a flurry of limbs.
Sherlock just laughed “Of courthe!” and kept walking merrily. John’s eyebrows rose, still concerned but after a couple of seconds just snickered and followed Sherlock. “What IM wondering” Sherlock suddenly said, as John caught up with him “is what on earth are these.. video games?” he turned to look at John seeming completely perplexed. John grinned.
John snorted. Not what Sherlock expected at all “Still hurts” he muttered good-naturedly, huffing a bit.
“Do you want to come into my studio?” Sherlock asked calmly, a reassuring smile covering his face and trying his best to mask how fast his heart was suddenly beating.
“Never!” John snickered, dodging Sherlock’s attempts to tickle him back. He leant closer and closer to Sherlock’s space until somehow he was half on top of him and their combined weight was too much for their balance. For the second time that evening Sherlock suddenly went “OH!” as the snow behind him crumbled under them and he fell backwards into a pile of snow, pulling John with him. John fell with a soft oomph onto Sherlock’s chest.
Over the next few hours Sherlock drew and drew.. only John. His face, his hands, his lips, his back. He dedicated at least 5 pages solely to John’s neck and 3 to the scar that had marred his shoulder.
“Mmhmm,” John agreed against his friend’s lips but made absolutely no move to let him go. He just held on a little tighter, and kissed him a few more times, as if he simply couldn’t get enough. “Talking. Yes” he breathed, before diving back in and nibbling on Sherlock’s lower lip.
“Here… It’s black tea. I hope that’s alright. No sugar right?” Sherlock appeared into the living room again, arm reaching out to hand John a steaming cup of tea.
He scrambled for something else to say, anything to fix this, but came up empty handed. He looked down at his feet, almost expecting John to dismiss him.
Sherlock perfectly understood what he wanted from John. And John knew exactly what he felt for the Beauxbatons.
The school corridors were darkening fast, it wasn’t quite sunset yet but it was approaching. The walked past all the second floor closed doors, some signaling ‘painting room’ other ‘ceramics room’ or ‘studio drawing room’. The walls were littered with posters of school events, contests, part time job opportunities and deadline reminders, all colorful visually striking posters with inviting letters and some of the luckiest student’s artwork.
.’ he thought to himself.  His skin was still fairly tan, so he clearly had returned from action not too long ago, and his golden hair was bleached from the sun. Sherlock calculated him between 24 and 25 years of age. John Watson did not seem to notice the fact that everyone was staring at him in utter awe. The man was truly beautiful.
“I’m not at a LOSS! I’m just… he doesn’t. I mean we don’t- we’re not like that. I don’t even know if he’d be into me like that is what I mean.” John shrugged miserably.
John thought. Just seeing Sherlock, wise witty Sherlock unable to come up with any coherent string of words and knowing that
“Today we’re going to be working with mandrakes. Yes, I know you completed this lesson last year but since most of you failed to achieve high scores in this basic Herbology section I decided to review it just in case.” Mr. Longbottom had smiled at his students and instructed the correct way to put on earmuffs so they could begin and he could assess their method of extracting one Mandrake from a pot and replacing it in another.
“It is” Sherlock agreed, “I’m glad you like it. I’ve never been in this room at night with anyone before. Usually, I was by myself finishing up projects. I haven't been here in years.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, had considered going into science and perhaps even becoming a detective on the long run. He had always been able to know when the police made grave mistakes in the news he often saw up on the telly. When he was younger he had often called and given them tips but after being shut down over and over again and not taken seriously he figured he should start looking for some other way to call their attention. He began drawing diagrams of the various crimes seen he had seen on-screen, utilizing the visual representations to explain how he had come to the many conclusions and deductions in who had committed the crimes and how.
Currently, Sherlock was prattling on about all the magical instances he’d had since he and John had seen each other the summer before, balancing between talking, stuffing food in his face and not choking. The details as to how exactly Sherlock attained his first burst of magic was still unclear in John’s understanding but he guessed it didn’t really matter that much. Not when he and Sherlock would be going to Hogwarts together. At last. In just a few more months.
Something inside him was screaming at him for a subject. Someone or something he longed to draw but what? Or who? He had never come to know. So he kept drawing trying to find it.
Sherlock licked his lips, turning his gaze to the ground “Well…” he started, nervously “Maybe you… come with me?” he glanced back up at John’s surprised expression.
“Are you hurt?” John demanded. He instantly pulled back, inspecting every part he could see from his friend's body. He didn’t
John turned back to the creased parchment and reached for it with trembling fingers. He unfolded it carefully, suddenly having a vision of possible dismissive words or worse… his own letter sent back without a response. He found neither.
After a few minutes, just as Sherlock was beginning to feel himself melting into the mattress and his throat was no longer able to come up with any sound that did not at least somewhat resemble John’s name, he distantly heard the lid of the lube bottle pop open. A part of him felt a twinge of nerves, he knew at least this first time, would be a painful. He’d read extensively on the topic to at least have an idea of what to expect but his stomach still fluttered partly with arousal and partly with nerves. He trusted John, though, trusted him entirely with his mind and body and so he did his best to relax.
“See, observe here” Sherlock was saying “John’s biceps are obviously larger than how you drew them here Paul!”
In a matter of seconds, John was left alone sitting on the side of an empty bed, looking towards the space Sherlock had left behind him, feeling empty and immensely unhappy with the world.
“Oh!” John exclaimed. His eyes and smile widened. “Thank you so much!” he took the cane from Angelo’s extended hand.
Right now, at age 9, John didn’t really expect himself to be a wizard. After two years of spending summers with Sherlock and still not having magic, he knew the chances of
John laughed “Hey don’t be cheeky I did just save you from a bludger. I deserve the best treatment!”
A comfortable silence fell as they both sat on the couches across from each other in front of Sherlock’s fireplace. John sunk into the cushions, marveling at how natural it felt to just be sitting here with Sherlock. They’d only known each other for a couple of weeks and yet… everything just fit. Looking around himself again he suddenly noticed the violin perched up against the window. “You play the violin?” he asked, eyebrows rising.
John’s heart swelled as he momentarily pulled away from the kiss and watched Sherlock’s debauched face, closed eyes and parted lips in the haze of their kisses and touches, implicitly trusting John fully and completely with everything he is.
Sherlock kept staring at John’s lips on the painting, letting himself wonder what it would feel like if those lips were to press against his. Would they feel as soft as they looked? Would they be gently or demanding? Pulling or pressing?
Sure, the windows framed were painted a bright forget-me-not pink, and as soon as they opened the door there sure was a lot of lace and flowery prints everywhere. But this was a date. John Watson was taking HIM out on a date. And so. It was perfect. Absolutely perfect.
“Phil…” one of the other guys, a shorter dark haired boy whispered to Anderson “He’s a Prefect... look at his badge. I think we should-“
They all turned to watch the headmistress stand in front of the podium and raise her hands in a mute plea for silence. The whole room quieted down in a matter of milliseconds.
The artist, eyes closing in the soothing warmth of his hands, just sighed “waiting for what?” he asked, voice small and feeling completely at ease, finally whole again now beneath the model’s caressing fingertips
... that name sounded so familiar in John’s mind. Some memory was trying to break free but he couldn’t find its source. He frowned, trying to remember where he'd heard that name before. “Molly,” he whispered “Beauxbatons.. where’s that?
She hummed “Didn’t sleep much last night. Kate kept me… busy.” She laughed under her breath “Though I can tell you didn’t sleep much either… has someone kept you busy too? Lord knows
The model was holding him completely up by just a strong hold on his arse and he wasn’t even showing any signs that this was taking up effort, he attacked Sherlock’s neck with sucks and licks and Sherlock, unable to help himself any longer snuck a hand between them and pulled at the strong tying John’s modesty robe. He clawed and pulled at it until at last, it fell from his shoulders and onto the ground. The blonde groaned, walking backwards until he felt the cold platforms metal edge make contact with the inside of his knee and he lowered himself until he was sitting on it, effectively having Sherlock’s knees surrounding his thighs in a seductive straddle.
Sherlock visibly swallowed hard “Right. Perfect. Good”, even with the dim lighting John could see his cheeks flaming. The man was a genius and a tremendously talented artist, and when he wanted to be, he could have a rather sharp and harsh tongue. But there was no denying that the man could be quite adorable.
John sighed, nudging at Sherlock’s face with his own to capture his lips again, reliving every second of having Sherlock look at him as he modelled, the intimacy in the act, the trust of being at your most vulnerable for someone to see, to stare.
A blur of red and golden robes zoomed in front of him, pushing him harshly out of the way as the Gryffindor boy tried to bat the bludger away from him, but the momentum of the push didn’t give him enough time and the bludger crashed into the Gryffindors’ side with a loud crunch.
She narrowed her eyes “You like someone. Don’t you?” Sherlock opened his mouth to deny it but she wasn’t having it “Admit it. What happened? Is he straight? Married? A serial killer? All above?”
He picked up the letter and, turning it over, examined the address line. His shoulders relaxed, clearly having recognised the sender. John peered discreetly only to see a very familiar name jump up at him ‘Violet Holmes’.
Sherlock looked up in surprise, his cheeks colouring as soon as he made eye-contact with the blonde. “Oh! Uh… hi, John”.
“OhmyGodjustgo” Sherlock rushed out, already feeling his face flaming in embarrassment at being caught out making out with the model by most of his students. Said model was giggling in the background, covering his face in equal embarrassment.
After long moments they finally found themselves panting into each other’s mouth more than actually kissing. They separated long enough to sink into one of the largest and squishiest arm chairs in front of the fire where they fit quite comfortably, pressed together but more out of desire to be as close as possible than lack of room. “John,” Sherlock sighed, eyes closed and both hands cupping John beautiful face. Their foreheads were pressed together as they felt each other breathe. “There’s something I should say. I meant to say all these weeks and I never have…”
John shifted closer to Sherlock, he watched him with a serious expression for a couple of moments before he muttered, “Siblings really suck”. That got a surprised chuckle out of the artist.
They started with scaring Sherlock at random times a day. Equipped with 5 full boxes of ‘Weasley’s’ “Demon dung crackers” John set to set these off at random times a day when Sherlock least expected it. He
John raised his gaze to look at Sherlock, who still had his eyes tightly shut. “Sherlock,” John murmured softly, he gently raised to fingers to Sherlock’s chin, tipping it up so he would face him. “ You can talk to me…”
Soon the hall was filled with the cries of the hat “Gryffindor! Ravenclaw! Hufflepuff! Slytherin!” and applause coming from each table.
The door started banging loudly. “I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE! JUST YOU WAIT TILL I GET THIS OPEN” Filch screamed.
“You have questionth” Sherlock raised a brow looking at him, his high soft voice slightly tinged with easy amusement.
John, how many times have I reminded you, dear” she’d smiled)  picked John up from his place and Sherlock wasted no time in relating how dull the rest of the year had been without John. John empathised completely.
That very morning (after the whole Mrs. Hudson fiasco) Sherlock had gotten a text from Lestrade about a new case for him and John. Sherlock had been secretly pleased that Lestrade had specifically requested the both of them in the text, as if knowing and sensing that wherever Sherlock went, John would go with him. He had given them an address but had specified that there was no need for them to arrive until that afternoon as right now they were taking the first samples and round of interrogations so Sherlock wouldn’t have to do it for them.
John covered his face with his hands, elbows resting on his legs and suppressed a groan. He hadn’t even said goodbye to balance his rude behaviour out. Oh, God.
As silence fell between them again Sherlock searched fro something else to say. Anything to stop John walking back onto the other side of the room, even just the other side of the desk and leaving cold air in the space next to his body.
“Actually… you’re right, John. I guess I did spend all that time exploring the vast collection of restricted books at Hogwarts.. not a waste of time at all!” he seemed reassured as he pranced about the shop ducking to see the (artifacts) on the lowest shelves and jumping to see the highest ones. John just watched him amusedly. He’d been here several times before since his third year, so he was content just to watch Sherlock explore the shop for the very first time. The way he bounced up and down and the little O his mouth made whenever he saw something that captured his interest was so reminiscent of his childhood self John couldn’t help but grin besottedly at the sight.
“Sort of like when there is a trial at the ministry but-“Molly shook her head, dismissing that trail of thought, “Muggle thing Greg, it doesn’t matter. The POINT here is… John. Are you okay?”
“Anyway” John sighed, happily “Nice to meet you Sherlock Holmes” and he clutched his cane and walked out of the room.
They couldn’t even reach the second staircase towards the bedroom before Sherlock had John pinned to the wall mouthing desperately at his neck and his hand ripping out buttons.
The professor huffed, frustrated. “Well, it’s not like he was very obvious either… was he?” he shook his head again “I’m sure he regrets it”
“What? I was not..” he tried to come up with a relatively convincing argument in his head but Molly’s knowing smile gave no room for his escape.
“John you just… you just jumped like 3 meters into the air. Like it was nothing… you just” with every word Sherlock’s face changed from shock to delight, his grin growing and growing until it lit up his entire face, his chubby cheeks reaching up to his eyes. He started laughing, his face scrunching up in happiness.
“Yes. They’re you… For you.” Sherlock murmured softly, heart in his throat, but unable to stop looking at John. He looked so beautiful under the pale lights and the moonlight streaming through the window. John approached the very first painting, the one where he was getting onto the bus.
Soon enough Sherlock’s toes were curling and he was pulsing in John’s hand and spilling against their stomach’s between them, gasping out and whimpering, his other hand grasping John tightly and digging his nails into the small of John’s back desperately.
Sherlock’s body collided gently with John’s own and their chests pressed together as John buried his head in Sherlock’s neck, rubbing soothing circles on his back as he felt the taller boy relax against him and slowly reach for him back and wrap his arms around John’s neck. “John… I- I”
The artist nodded, feeling relieved at finally hearing the full story and a little self-reproaching at how rapidly he had reacted. He supposed it was normal, for an emotion as strong as he felt for John to have accompanying consequences, such as jealousy. He wondered if John would ever or had ever felt jealous over him. He had to admit the idea was not unappealing.
“Yes?” John asked innocently, muffled against Sherlock’s hair as he rubbed Sherlock’s quickly peaking nipples through his thin shirt with his fingers.
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos and all that shenanigans <3!! I hope you have a lovely week and hopefully next chapter wont take as long <3<3
Sherlock sighed but definitely looked more cheerful, “If we must. But then we’ll at least try to recreate the drought of the living dead”
John decided to give to poor bloke a break, he didn’t want to overwhelm him… yet. After all, they still had all night ahead of them.
Soon enough, after moments of helpless moans and soothing hands and shuddering shivers, John was pushing a second finger gradually inside of Sherlock.
They paid for their items before exiting the shop, both red in the face and keeping their contact to only hand holding as they walked out and into the snowy streets. Immediately John started snickering.
Sherlock was already walking out of the room, opening the door for John and closing it once they were past it. “I nicked it from the headmaster. I know where she keeps them. She gave me a second-floor classroom this semester. Everyone knows the best view is on the fifth” he shrugged.
“I solved it, John. It was a drug. Very specific, an almost untraceable kind of drug. It wasn’t the brother, either. It was their father, come on!” he phoned Lestrade and soon enough they were all outside of Bart’s, Sherlock rapidly explaining his deductions and reasoning, demanding they release the poor brother and arrest the father instead.
The model pulled away from his attack on the professor’s neck long enough for his lover to whine in protest, but also long enough to see where Sherlock’s zipper was pushing out, tenting his pants so he could tug it down, needing to see Sherlock
“Hah. I’ll definitely keep that in mind,” John winked. He could feel his own cheeks bloom with color but he wasn’t about to let Sherlock comment on it. “So… what should we explore first? Forbidden spells? Dark arts? Taboo magical practices and cults?”. The possibilities seemed endless.
Sherlock looked up at him, his eyes wide and hopeful, he said nothing, expecting John to say it for them. To confirm this nagging question in his head and make all of this real.
The last summer before they entered Hogwarts was one that would remain present in John’s mind for the rest of his life.
He expected John to scoff but he just looked more confused “The other models said you do that. But I haven’t even put my info on the website. There’s no way you could have known that”
John pressed him back onto his desk, the artist intuitively raised himself and sat on the table so the blonde could press himself closer to him and their heights evened out. John’s hands roamed over his back and his tongue curled around his. Sherlock let out an involuntary moan, convincing himself that any second now he would pull away and they would talk. Any second now.
At the end of the lesson, when the students had left, Sherlock was still sitting at his desk, whether exhausted by the lack of sleep or a rigorous class he didn’t know.
He bit his lip and started unbuttoning his own shirt, bringing forward his hips to grind down his rapidly filling erection against John’s. “Oh..” he sighed. How had he never done any of this before? Well, not that he’d want to do this with anyone other than John.
“Yeah” he nodded, “It’s such an intimate experience... I’d like to share something like that with you. And I-” he pressed a light kiss to the artist’s parted lips, “Would love to stare at you for hours”.
“Oh, I just can’t believe my bumblebee has his first boyfriend! And a Model… a doctor… an ex-soldier!” Mummy squealed loudly “How wonderful! I’m sure he’ll be a great father too should you two decide to adopt-”
he would be brilliant at everything. With every passing moment Sherlock was getting more and more confident, clearly learning and observing what his partner liked, what made him hum and what made him pull Sherlock’s body against his more desperately.
Guys. Worst Christmas gift ever. I know. Im so sorry. This is why it took so long. I just. did. not. want. to. write. that. Gah.
“I’ve never done- ngh- any of this before” Sherlock gasped out, somehow even in the heat of this moment knowing exactly what John would say. He was looking at John through his heavily hooded eyes, lips parted and kiss-red.
“THREE. HOUSES. WATSON.” Greg said loudly, “is at a loss when faced with a potential conquest?!” he pressed his palm to his heart, not unlike a fairy tale damsel in distress.
His current painting came to no surprise to the watching portraits of the wall. All their eyes on Sherlock’s poised figure now carefully smoothing brushstrokes of golden hues peeking out of the shadows.
“Well class today we’re going to observe the effects of a very common but highly potent potion. can anyone tell me what potion created powerful effects on infatuation or obsession on the drinker?”
The question of whether Sherlock was alright or not died in his lips as Sherlock exploded in surprised giggles which John couldn’t help but join in. “You tripped over my paint sets” he gasped out between laughs
Of course, Art school had not been cheap. And his mother, raising two boys single-handedly simply could not support Sherlock as he tried to make a name for himself in the vast world of art. His style, as well as his personality, had never been completely understood this world. He did not find this completely surprising as at an early age he had learned that ‘normal people’ did not feel a need to quiet their minds due to the incessant buzzing and incoming information per second. So after college Sherlock had found himself a teaching job for figure drawing lessons at his old college while he paid off his loans and he worked on his gallery showings and worked for Scotland yard on the sidelines for free. Teaching for him was easy money and he did enjoy it to a certain extent.
The students eventually came back, much to Sherlock’s disappointment. John went back to the platform at the centre of the room, but Sherlock could see the reluctance to leave Sherlock’s side, he couldn’t help the tiny smile he gave at the thought.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, regretting having asked after hearing how silly it all sounded worded by his best friend. But he couldn’t help the twinge of worry that nudged inside his chest. He nodded.
The flashes of the cameras sparked all around him. Not too many, it wasn’t as if he was a super-star or anything. Then again, this gallery, one he shared with many up and coming artists in London was quite a big deal and the publicists were pouring in. He’d prepared his portraits for months now, the last few which had resulted in his very best works, all his portraits of John. He’d ended up centering his whole section of the gallery on solely him. His muse.
“He fainted in potions class? He was ..er..inhaling quite a lot of Amortentia...” John said looking with concern upon his friend being set down carefully into one of the beds and inspected by the old but still admirably strong healer.
going to confirm them for them just now. He shared a tiny private smile with John but promptly went back to talking about the drawings on the wall, entirely missing how most of his class had stopped paying attention and were staring at each other with surprised and proud smiles towards their professor and their model.
John huffed a laugh “bossy”, he murmured into the hollow meet of the man’s shoulder and neck but complied and slowly, teasingly, his hands travelled around Sherlock’s arse and squeezed, raising his mouth to meet Sherlock’s again. They kissed with abandon, John kneading Sherlock’s arse gently with both hands as the latter panted into his mouth, hot sweet breath spilling out whilst trying to press himself closer to John’s strong chest.
She stopped in her tracks and turned around with a big grin on her faces at the sound of his voice. “John!” Molly cried “Greg!”. Greg proceeded to engulf her in a massive hug “There you are! I was looking for you two! Greg…. Greg…. I can’t breathe” she choked out, smiling despite herself.
“John... there are things- things I need to tell you.” Kiss. “Things I’ve kept from you”. Kiss. “I was afraid”. Kiss.
Sherlock walked into the room, instantly floundering deductions off of her, insulting everything everyone in the room had thought about the case and the things they’d obviously moved around the room and demanding to see the blood sample results.
*hides* this is SO late. Again. Welp... I have no excuses. Other than I binge watched sense 8 and it's great you should see it. Ok. Here's the new chapter.
Angelo bought them their customary ice creams, knowing their preferred flavour by now after all these years and hot summer evenings and ice cream flavour testing. But today they didn’t walk in with their arms full of candy and things bought from “Weasley’s wizard wheezes” as usual, they came with bags full of books and potion ingredients, their eyes alight and grins stretching so hard it must’ve hurt.
John’s hands fell from cupping Sherlock’s face as if burned. Sudden embarrassment gripped Sherlock tightly by the chest without knowing the reason. A harsh intake of breath echoed through the room.
Sherlock stood up from straddling John’s legs in one swift move, managing to only stumble slightly and held out his hand to pull the model up from the ground. John beamed and took it, tugging himself up. The smell of wet paint was pungent in the air and John didn’t know if his dizzy mind was because of it, or due to the fact that now that he was standing he could see the entire expanse of Sherlock’s pale chest and the gorgeous pink blush spreading through it.
John couldn’t resist one last shot at it. Damn his dignity. If Sherlock wanted to sit with him that had to mean something, right? Unless it was pity? It didn’t look like it though. John cursed inwardly. Why was this so difficult?
“That was… amazing” John continued. His muscles had completely relaxed and he was smiling, his eyes shining with surprise and was that… admiration? ‘
“As in… your nickname when we played pirates?” John grinned. “That's brilliant! I want to meet him”.
Lilac flowers adorned Sherlock’s hair now, one falling once in a while when John pressed into a curl nearby with another bloom or a leaf, but his friend took no notice. John smiled sadly, feeling a rush of fondness for his friend. Eliza was right. Whatever happened… he’d be there for him. No matter what. John sighed, “I’m gonna go get some tea.” He announced, knowing neither Holmes brother would answer but preferring to be polite nonetheless.
“Always so formal…” she turned her head, trying to see what Sherlock was scribbling onto his notebook. “Deducing me already, are you? You haven’t even looked up from that sketchbook of yours” she sounded amused, her voice just as low and smooth.
The Gryffindor tasted of tea and warmth and home, and Sherlock wanted to chase the taste, drown in it and feel it consume him. He opened his mouth with a gasp as John pulled teasingly on his curls and John took the invitation willingly, sweeping in a warm, curious tongue and grazing it gently against Sherlock’s with a soft moan of his own. It was perfect. John was perfect.
John grinned, the cheers seeming far away as he once again looked into the vulnerability of Sherlock’s nervous smiles. The pink in his cheeks was much more pronounced as the deep blue of John’s eyes met the grey, glinting with specks of green in the soft sunlight.
Lestrade looked between the two of them, eyes narrowed in bemusement. “Gentlemen? There’s a dead body upstairs.” It sounded like a question.
“Not far from now dear!” she winked “Quite soon. Quite soon,” she wandered around the room making more outrageous predictions about students at other tables. Sherlock couldn’t stop blinking, couldn’t process what had just happened.
Hours later the woman had given Harry the letter and had nodded at the family before turning towards the door as Harry jumped up excitedly and the Watson parents left quietly into their own studios.
John smiled brightly at her and said goodbye, seeming to thank her once more for whatever she’d typed on his phone. He then turned around and starting looking for something in his surroundings. He met Sherlock’s eyes. And even now... the artist couldn’t help it when his heart skipped a beat when John smiled at him. He couldn’t help the need to be enclosed in his arms when the blonde took a look at him and frowned in what looked like concern and started walking his way.
John snickered, trying his best not to roll his eyes at how amazing and wonderfully weird this madman was. “I'd love to see the case files. Hopefully, you’ll get another 10 sometimes soon. Though I’d advise against such erratic sleep patterns”
Most of the subjects he painted or drew were people. It was simply because that was his most preferred subject. He loved painting people had seen on the street as much as he loved making up different ones in his mind and coming up with entire backstories for their lives. The subjects he had seen in person also had their backstories, but these were ones Sherlock had not made up on his own but had observed on them.
He pictured those deep midnight eyes to look at him through heavy lidded eyelids. Sherlock cleared his throat, instantly feeling a blush rising up his throat into his cheeks and feeling uncomfortably tight in his trousers. He didn’t know he could possibly have these impulses, more than once in a week… let alone wanting to… give in to them.
He turned back and walked towards John who was still giggling softly, cheeks red and clearly embarrassed but otherwise seeming unbothered. “Oh god. Come on, you. Where were we?” he reached forward and started kissing lightly at Sherlock’s neck, hands firmly placed on the professor’s narrow hips and thumbs rubbing soothing circles.
John turned to Sherlock, who was fidgeting in his spot, unsure. John smiled. “Come over here, you”. He reached for him, wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing them together again chest to chest before he leaned in. He nudged at Sherlock’s face with his own and followed the warm damp breaths from his lips, and chased them with his lips.
The Beauxbatons made a mental note to revise his previous memories on John Watson and how on earth he had missed how smug and white his grin really was. And the effects of said grin on his own blood pooling in his cheeks needed to be reviewed immediately as well.
“Better than Anderson’s hair grease!” John shouted, anger rising as Slughorn took ten points away from Slytherin, scandalized by the behavior of the Slytherins.
The man, Angelo, let go of the box of sweets he had been holding but to John’s surprise, held it up again by pointing a wand at it and with a flick of his wrist sent it flying neatly into a small space in the shelves between two identical boxes.
John started laughing loudly. “Oh, Merlin. You haven’t changed a bit have you?” he looked immensely pleased as he beamed at Sherlock’s sheepish expression. Sherlock could faintly detect the slightest hint of the sadness he had seen there before, lingering in the corners... but just as he tried to assess the expression John seemed to collect himself and went back to beaming.
Eliza was out of the house so she had left Mycroft in charge. He sat beside them, working on his homework for the holidays, glancing at them once in a while as if they would suddenly burst into flames.
“Of course, it is. What might you have been thinking mm?” Sherlock rose a challenging brow, eyes shining with mischief.
John snapped his gaze back to Sherlock, eyes wide and guilty for having been caught. “Oh hey! I was just umm… I know you said.. but I was- I’m so“
Sherlock desisted from his grunting whilst putting all of his weight into forcing books into his suitcase and fell back onto the pillows. “We’re gonna need a bigger case”, he muttered.
“Speaking of Quidditch,” John said, turning towards Sherlock. “Are we still on for our match this afternoon?”
The blonde drew for another 20 minutes in silence, his brow furrowed in deep concentration. Sherlock steeled himself, trying as hard as he could to keep the pose intact. Being a model was no easy job either, a small part of him felt guilt for the times he’d grown irritated with fidgety models. Keeping the same pose for the last half hour was cramping up his arm painfully. He felt beads of sweat rolling down his long back and brow.
“You stopped my fall?” John said, eyes wide with wonder. Sherlock nodded again, a single dip of his head. John’s smile grew impossibly bigger, filling with so much happiness and it was as if a dam was suddenly broken and so many feelings Sherlock had known he was holding back spilled though the light in his eyes. He saw so much joy. And trust. Finally, so much trust.
A woman was at the door. But not just any ordinary woman. She was wearing emerald green robes with golden stitching patterns that touched down onto the floor, draped by a long black cloak and wearing on top of her head a matching pointed hat. She looked… well… a bit weird to be frank.
Sherlock nodded softly, sipping his tea “I’d say so, yes. She always understood much better than anyone else.”
“Drawer. Please” Sherlock’s words were barely heard through his panting breaths, his hands clawing at John’s back to keep him close even when his words urged him to hurry for the supplies.
admired him, he added to himself with a smirk. He looked around, expecting to see the familiar blond head and the telltale happy grin around the corner any time now.
They just stood perfectly still for a moment. Staring at each other. An almost perfect replica of the moment Sherlock had stumbled in and into John’s ocean blue gaze.
“Uhuh. Look, I was crushing on Sherlock for over two years. And in those two years I learned one thing and one thing only”
John looked away quickly, feeling his cheeks heat up and his heartbeat stutter. When had Sherlock gotten so… different? He cleared his throat and looked back at the Beauxbatons, keeping himself as calm as he could. “So… we should do this again sometime,” he said softly.
Sorry this took so long- I think we all needed some time to absorb TFP and collect ourselves again :)
John turned his head towards the Slytherin booth where he had seen his friend sit beside the commentator booth.
Sherlock stared at his last one. He.. did not intend to write that. He frowned and erased it quickly as if he was being observed. He shook his head and placed his pencil back on the paper to keep on writing his observations on John
What must Sherlock think of him now... This pathetic ex-soldier who he had helped get over his psychosomatic limp and had now gotten attached to him like some pitiful leech. It wasn’t like someone as ethereally beautiful as Sherlock could possibly even consider John as a romantic partner. John was sure that the raven haired beauty could have quite literally, anyone he desired. John didn’t even know if the man was attracted to men or not and he had just claimed his lips as if he had had any right to do so.
Sherlock scurried into the kitchen, feeling nervous again. He knew he had to bring it up but how? Everything was going so well, clearly, they had moved past it but Sherlock didn’t want to. If anything this might just grow to become a larger problem in the future and he couldn’t lose John. But if he had to lose him… maybe it was best that it was now before Sherlock grew completely attached to the man.
“For god’s sakes, John. Just touch me already” Sherlock growled, his snapping tone dumbed down by the breathless quality of his voice when John lightly bit down on the side of his neck and
Dimmock opened his mouth once again but Sherlock interrupted him. “Now how do I know it wasn’t a suicide? There is a very small amount of pills spilling from the bottle. Not enough are missing for it to be an overdose. Now quit being useless, take samples of the poison in the mug and contact the wife. I’m sure she will make a whole show about not knowing the whereabouts of her husband but if questioned she will crack.”
An owl was perched on the windowsill looking puffed up and superior. Two letters were held tightly in his small brown beak, a red wax seal holding a familiar symbol in the centre of the top one could be seen. It ruffled its feathers before dropping the letters.
“You!” he pointed at John. “Care to tell me what the hell you were doing?” he took several strides until he was inches away from John, rage simmering in his eyes.
“Hello?” John asked hesitantly, his lips pulling into an automatic polite if a little hesitant smile. “Can I help you?”
“WATSON GET OUT HERE! GAME’S ABOUT TO START!” Greg’s voice boomed from the other side of the door completely startling both teens and making them jump apart in less than a second.
“Sherlock… Oh, Sherlock.” He stepped closer to Sherlock, he could’ve sworn the man was shaking very slightly, nervous. But John finally understood. He finally knew that that kiss hadn’t been a mistake. The mistake was stopping, and letting him go. “If I could draw, or paint.” John continued, barely a foot away from Sherlock now and feeling his body heat. He looked into his eyes, willing him to understand and raising a hand to smooth out the crinkled in-between of Sherlock’s eyebrows. “All I would ever draw would be you.” He moved his hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, feeling the red heat beneath his fingertips.
biting his lip. John licked his own lips, trying not to move from his pose as he was getting more absorbed into watching Sherlock watching him instead. His breath got slightly more elevated, Sherlock watched the process of his ribs expanding and contracting, toning his waist and chest with every breath for long seconds. The pencil in his hand remained motionless as every student in the class disappeared and his eyes rose to John’s gaze once more.
Weeks passed by them. They tried everything, from blindfolding him and jumping onto the deepest edge of the murky waters of the lake to running out in one of the coldest nights in only shorts to see if the shock of the temperature change made something in Sherlock react. But aside from a nasty cold and several disapproving looks from Mycroft, they got almost nowhere.
“That I am Sherlock. That I am. What gave me away? But I do have a reason to visit darling. I came for your help with a problem.”
Sherlock tried to deduce John’s thinking by his posture and facial expression as was the customary process but found nothing. John had a careful, closed expression; revealing nothing and Sherlock’s stomach slowly sunk with confusion.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, shaking his hand begrudgingly but knowing this particular kind of press could push his career faster. They shook hands, the art critic’s cold and clammy, much to the artist’s displeasure.
He was standing at the window in the Gryffindor common room, watching in the outside grounds as Sherlock walked alongside what was no doubt his Quidditch team towards the pitch. His heart dropped a little in his stomach as he pictures himself walking alongside them, maybe brushing his arm against Sherlock every other step… or even better, holding his hand in his, lacing their fingers together softly.
Every 3 minutes John switched poses, each one standing but all completely different. Even though John had clearly taken this job to make ends meet after he came back when he was invalided from the army he obviously took it very seriously and had rapidly become a professional. He played with his weight in very interesting poses and gave everyone around the room interesting angles from his body and plays on how the human body bent and moved. Sherlock very rarely drew along with his students, only when he absolutely knew his students could draw for a long time unsupervised. And he never drew along with them in the gesture poses, always wanting the students to feel his watchful gaze in the first half hour of the class to make sure they wouldn’t slack off later on during the day. But this time, Sherlock felt himself itching towards his pencil. He didn’t pick it up. But it was extremely difficult not to.
actually capable of predicting the future, but only in sporadic strokes of luck. He, however, had expected her to make the predictions she was KNOWN to make: prophecies of danger and unsightly death to scare her students and make her seem more impressive. This…
Sherlock was holding his phone with his right hand horizontally and close to his face as a female voice resounded from it onto the room on speakerphone. The phone call had been going on for quite a while, enough for Sherlock to still be dressed in only a loosely tied dressing gown and boxer briefs, even when noon approached rapidly.
He stopped in front of the platform and turned to Sherlock. “So.. should I just start then?” he asked smiling.
“You boys, growin’ up so fast! Next thing I know you’ll be walking in here with a wand of your own.”
A full day had gone by since and John hadn’t caught a single glimpse of the man again. Not even at breakfast. He’d scanned the tables one by one trying to grasp even a hint of those unmistakable curls or a flash of those icy green-grey eyes but... nothing. Part of him wondered if he’d seen Sherlock at all but not even his imagination was as good as to imagine…
Greg rolled his eyes at John from the table across dramatically. Molly pretended to throw up. John just ignored both of them, holding back a snort and his two best friends snickered with each other.
“That was- I… you…thank you” the artist sighed, his cheeks already flushed but managing to darken a shade at the admission. He closed his eyes, shifting closer to John’s body and being immediately engulfed by the blonde’s strong arms and tucking his head beneath his chin to kiss lightly at his neck.
He had been staring at it for about two hours now without moving a single muscle. The playlist of classical music he had been playing in the background was by now long finished and the daylight streaming through the open blinds no longer draped across the wooden floors and the striped green and white wallpaper.
They talked for a while, the students expressed their regret at not having figure drawing lessons with Sherlock anymore, something the artist had to admit to himself was rather sweet and flattering. By the end of the year
“Anyway… she said Clara finally left her. I guess 10 years of living with someone who does not want to be helped and equally does not try for herself will do that. She called to say she’s going to rehab to get her act together. That this time it’s different. But I’ve heard this all before. I don’t know what to believe”
John sighed, dropping off his bag and sitting down heavily on his narrow bed, the springs creaking loudly under his weight, resolving to simply forget about all of this and hope Sherlock did too and he didn’t book him again for a little while so they could both forget about this.
“Oh. I- I’m fine. I mean. It’s going fine.” Sherlock cleared his throat pointedly, trying to hide his face under his hair again as John grinned behind him, secretly thrilled at having this effect on the taller boy. He still wasn’t sure where he stood with him, romantic-wise. But this definitely had to be a good sign. And if there was one thing John was good at, it was flirting.
“Don’t call me mate” John deadpanned, his hold on the bully strengthened for a moment before he let him go completely. “Get out. Don’t you ever touch Sherlock Holmes again”
“Not yet, love. I can’t have you hurting” John kissed down the inside of his thigh once more, twisting and curling his fingers and essentially driving Sherlock mad. His kisses went down and down until he teasingly bit lightly at one of Sherlock’s arse cheeks before getting increasingly close to his entrance. Sherlock held his breath in anticipation.
. The short boy John had come to know had been stripped away for mile long legs and a thin long lean frame, the chubby pink cheeks had sunk into perfectly sculpted cheekbones. Even his neck seemed to have stretched into this pale long structure so gorgeous John had to physically force himself to tear his gaze away from to follow the eyes he knew he would find hiding beneath the array of dark curls... and Christ those eyes.
“I’m realistic.” Sherlock countered, already spotting another swarm of reporters in the adjoining room.
“Your disguise is a self-portrait. Trying too hard. No physical response to any male you flirt with. Usually looking for trouble or favors. Blackmail. I’m not interested in helping. Bye now.”
He didn’t finish his sentence. Just that second, Sherlock took all the courage he had and closed the breath of distance between them, his eyes slipping closed instinctively as he felt his lips collide gently with John’s. For a millisecond John stilled in surprise, but then without hesitation, he wrapped the arm around Sherlock’s hip tightly around his waist and pushed his other hand into Sherlock’s curls.
Sherlock gulped quietly “If a child doesn’t show signs of magic by the tenth year of age chances are they…”. He paused, his breath intake shaky and unsteady “What if.. I don't… What if I’m not…” he stopped, his head falling heavy face first into his hands, hiding his expression from John.
Sherlock let out a breathy laugh under his breath, the blonde observed the movement in the artist’s ribs with avid interest, Sherlock’s breath hitched. “Hurry up then,” he winked.
Greg shrugged, “you just have this faraway look on your face”, he said. He narrowed his eyes suspiciously and then looked towards the bleachers at the far end of the Quidditch field. He smirked, clearly having found what he was looking for. John pulled away from his friend’s triumphant face and looked to where he was looking.
“Now turn your upper body towards the left and look at the far wall… yes, good. Raise your arm behind your neck. Higher. Elbow up. The other hand on your knee, elbow bent”
Irene looked startled “He kissed you? Then what’s the problem?” She hopped onto the table and sat across from him with her legs cross, her lips pulled up into a shocked and proud smile.
“Besides,” John continued, “I would love to see your childhood home! And your very first paintings and
Even with the promise that Sherlock would show up to breakfast, John was still unsure that the Beauxbatons actually would. The thought of him hanging around Hogwarts grounds was still quite perplexing and frankly… bordering on surreal. It seemed as if their time spent in childhood together was another life, a separate universe to the one they were currently living in. Not that John wasn’t over the moon to see Sherlock again. But there still were so many things unsaid between them. So much tension and he didn’t even know where to begin searching for its origin. Of course, there were the unanswered questions, and the barriers age had made them both build around themselves unlike to the openness of childhood friendships. But there was something else too… something electric that thrummed between them. Something John sensed whenever Sherlock looked at him or brushed by him. But he couldn’t understand the effect it had on him… it had never happened before when they were kids… had it?
John was even more excited than Sherlock to be here, dressed to the nines in a grey suit and blue shirt and tie, his suit had been tailored by Sherlock’s own personal tailor, and with his hair pushed back into a classy swoop. The artist’s heart had skipped a beat at the first sight of him. John had absolutely insisted they stay for the interviews, knowing the more media attention on Sherlock’s work, the more opportunities he could have in the future for solo galleries. Sherlock begrudgingly complied. Where was he anyway?
John took a step forward reaching out for Sherlock. “No. come on. We’ll find something else. Another experiment for you. This... this is too dangerous Sherlock.”
“You play?” John exclaimed. “What team? Wait- I don’t think I even know how teams in Beauxbatons are divided… do you have houses or something? But wait... what position do you play?” John’s enthusiastic words tripped over themselves in their effort to get out as quickly as possible. Sherlock snorted, fondly remembering John’s tendency to ramble uncontrollably when excited.
John looked around slowly, taking every painting in. There was silence, heavy but not awkward. Sherlock bit his lip and risked looking at John.
“Oh! Mail time!” Molly grinned. She scoured the birds hovering above them through the magical replica of the morning sky outside looking for hers. It was almost cloudless and a deep soft blue. A parchment was dropped right in front of her plate and she dove for it, tearing of the seal and reaching into the inside of the envelope. “YES!” she exclaimed.
about death or some horrible freak accident? Now she had his curiosity. He sat up straighter. John looked at the professor, intrigued as well.
“Well, I guess we’re going our separate ways now, huh?” John sighed. “I’ll see you…. tomorrow I guess”. This was it. Again. Going to divination. Playing Quidditch. That’s all the interaction he’d get out of Sherlock.
Walking around the room, John realised how freaky the greenhouse really was. A couple of pots with ‘screechsnaps’ was squirming around humming softly as if singing themselves a lullaby. Right next to that there was a giant plant that with closer observation John was quite sure was covered in… teeth? He steered clear out of that one.
As soon as the bus took off and John sat on one of the empty seats close to the front. He hesitated over sitting on one of the reserved seats for the incapacitated next to the bus door but remembering his lack of limp smiled and took the ones behind.
Ever since he was a child he had been able to see and take in much more than almost everyone around him. His brother had been gifted with the same type of ability but he, instead of applying it into his passions, decided to grow his intelligence into the world of politics and use it as a way of manipulating people into doing exactly as he pleased.
he thought to himself, knowing that there was no way Sherlock could possibly be attracted to him but still liking the pretty pink blush that had covered Sherlock’s cheeks after being caught staring. Wiping the smugness off of his face the moment Sherlock began lifting his head again, John took a deep breath. Christ Sherlock was
Now, as soon as class was over John had slipped on his robe but had made no move to change, pick up his things and leave the classroom. The students, clearly exhausted after the day were leaving quite rapidly so Sherlock didn’t have to pretend to fiddle with his pencils for too long before John approached his desk. The last student left and closed the door behind them, and John instantly beamed up at Sherlock shyly. “Hey”
The closer he came, the more he realised he could hear voices. Growing louder and louder. He recognised them as Eliza and Sherlock’s father, Sherigford.
This time, when they arrived at Sherlock’s place they weren’t laughing, but the same giddy feeling was spreading through John’s chest rapidly as he watched Sherlock unlock the door, carefully avoiding his eyes as his hand shook with a small hint of nerves. He didn’t think he would ever see Sherlock again. Let alone be invited onto a case with him. Even less be invited back to Sherlock’s apartment afterward.
Snickers could be heard behind the now scarlet coloured shape of Sherlock, mainly coming from the other Beauxbatons in the room.
through Sherlock’s head and as John disappeared beneath the black panels of the changing screen he scribbled down some notes on his first impression. He rarely got this much information from a single look.
“Sorry, Cap! I was just playing around!” she grinned, swinging her bat playfully. Mike, who was rubbing his head with one hand whilst clutching his broom for dear life didn’t look so amused.
He did end up critiquing some of the students’ work, but he found himself being kinder to them. Explaining their errors with more patience than usual. Even Anderson received a small nod for his effort. Clearly, he could concentrate much better now that Sally was absent from the class. If nurtured, he might even be an alright artist. Maybe.
“You don’t think he…” John couldn’t finish the question. Evidently, Eliza knew exactly what he was referring to as she winced slightly. John immediately regretted his half-asked question, but he couldn’t help asking it. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for Sherlock but… what if he couldn’t help him? What if there was nothing to do?
“Oh, Sherlock… please tell me what’s wrong”, John rose on his tiptoes and laid tiny kisses on Sherlock’s cheeks and closed eyelids, ending with a very chaste brush of lips on lips. Sherlock let out a broken sigh.
John looked like he felt… like he wasn’t sure how he felt. Sherlock tried his best to deduce him. Tried his best to not focus on his nervously hammering heart and the blood roaring in his ears and watched him. Nothing. He could focus on
That stopped him in his tracks. He instantly thought of Irene and how Sherlock must have been overwhelmed by her smell coming from the potion.
THAT WAS SO CHEESY IM SORRY. I just... they wanted to be cheesy and I just couldn't NOT let them you know? Anyway.. interesting events will unfold next chapter if you know what i mean ;))))
“We’re going to start this with the standing 30-minute poses. Please choose a comfortable position and try not to move too much” he instructed coldly, barely even looking in his direction. Just because this particular model had somehow captured his attention that did not mean that by any means he would treat him any different than the other models.
John shot up, grabbing hurriedly the first book he had within reach and stammered quickly “Er.. yeah f-found it!” he laughed weakly turning to look at a confused Molly, clutching a book in her arms.
He brewed the tea and as quick as he could went back into the living room where John was sitting in the squashiest chair he owned, the same one he’d sat on when he’s played the violin, right across from his usual one. He looked like he belonged there Sherlock thought with a smirk.
John smiled, confused about the warmth in his stomach, but unable to summon up the will to question or stop it.
Sherlock startled back in surprise, tearing his gaze away from John onto the thin white envelope. “That’s… unexpected. I don’t usually get… hmm”
How could he not when Sherlock was suddenly always absent during the Quidditch practice sessions. Something he had never done before in the time they had been friends, and especially not if the captain had an important match (like against Slytherin) coming up.
Finally; they let go, the awkward stretch of silence having gone for a beat too long. Sherlock couldn’t tear his eyes off of John, the intensity of his glare mesmerizing. His eyes seemed darker, bordering on a shade of almost black.
Sherlock nodded, going back to walk around the classroom, surveying the class’ drawings from the corner of his eye. “He was the prime suspect in the murder of his wife. Obviously innocent. But the police
She looked up at him sadly, mutely shook her head slowly before bowing her head in defeat once more.
John’s heart clenched painfully in his chest, the sight of this man before him struggling, looking down at his shuffling feet and…nervous? The blush was back in his cheeks. John’s eyes peered down as the redness spreading onto his neck and chest just like he’d daydreamed about. He let out a shaky breath into the cold night air.
“We went to the hospital wing but Madam Pomfrey said one visitor at a time and you already had someone there and-”
“Of course we have 'houses', John. They’re Bellefeuille, Papillonlisse, and Ombrelune. I'm in the Ombrelune house, the one most similar to a combination of Ravenclaw and Slytherin from Hogwarts. They value knowledge, intellect and cunning more than anything. Our teams correspond to the houses. I play the seeker of course. You, however, play Chaser if I’m not mistaken.”
Sherlock greeted them softly before sitting down beside John, fidgeting with his thumbs and seemingly at a loss of what to say next. John wondered if Sherlock perhaps would’ve liked to sit with his own Beauxbatons friends... he was about to ask Sherlock if he wanted to bring them over when Sherlock finally spoke.
ok OK. I KNOW it took another month. *inserts apologies* *you say you dont believe me anymore* *I ask for another chance* ...you know the drill....
They sat next to each other in the dark, pouring over book after book on subjects John hadn’t even thought to look for but Sherlock had pointed him to. They found books on several dangerous creatures John had never heard of, about beasts forbidden for even most of the magical world to be exposed to. They read about incredible spells and dark potions with unthinkable effects and unbelievably powerful ones thought to be potent enough to even delay death for several years. Overall, the night was shaping up to be quite a success.
As soon as Sherlock had sat back down he looked back at John, who was now turned away to look at a far wall in the distance. Sherlock counted the seconds in his head for 3 minutes and when they were up he opened his mouth to let John know it was time to switch but the second he opened it John was already shifting into a new pose. Impressed, Sherlock took a note of his on his notebook and observed as the students began scrambling to unclip their newspaper print papers from the drawing boards to get the second pose as fast as they could. Sherlock smiled, enjoying how the first part of the day was always the fastest one. Even when the students walked in looking tired as soon as the gesture poses began they all focused solely on their drawings, trying to get the weight of the body, the anatomy, and the scale right on their paper in the mere 180 seconds they had. The occasional squeak of charcoal on paper resounded through the room but aside from that the room was completely silent.
“Yes, you nevertheless spent an entire week at the hospital wing.” He shot back, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock was currently having a shouting match with Dimmock, showing him the results he’d gotten from the blood samples and slowly making him realize he was, of course, completely incorrect in almost all the information they had gathered before the artist had shown up. Annoyingly, Dimmock was being extra-thickheaded today and so was trying his best to find any tiny loopholes in Sherlock’s iron thick deductions. The artist rolled his eyes and tuned him out, scanning the crowd for John.
Some students preferred to stay during lunch to either relax with a book or chat with their fellow classmates in the quiet classroom instead of the crowded cafeteria. Sherlock, preferring to clear his mind and needing some change of scenery always opted to go for a small walk during the hour-long break. He picked up his notepad, looking back only once in minimal hesitation at leaving John behind. But why shouldn’t he? John was just a stranger. Why on earth should Sherlock feel compelled to spend his lunch time in the classroom trying to figure him out? Ridiculous. Sherlock forced himself to tear his eyes away from John’s figure, which was slipping the black robe on and reaching for his phone.
He slumped down, caught by Sherlock’s waiting warm arms and strong flat chest sheathed in a thin layer of sweat. The kept on holding each other, caressing hands to sides and arms and through hair in comfort and reassurance. Eventually John had move away and out of Sherlock’s body, drips of come following soon after, much to John’s unexplainable pleasure.
John stared at him for a moment, mouth hanging open in complete shock. The dark haired boy’s smile instantly disappeared “Oh uh..” his neck hunched in a wince as if expecting John to hit him or reproach him.
If he’d been hoping for a few minutes alone to go over the entire evening and its endless possible implications well… he’d been sadly wrong. As soon as he mumbled the newest password to the Fat Lady (“hound”), and he’d stepped into the orange warmth of the familiar room draped in Gryffindor colours he was practically tackled by two vociferous bodies.
As the new students filled up the front of the hall McGonagall started to divide them between houses, where they’d sit in the empty spaces, most of them looking anxious and a little lost. John didn’t blame them. This really must feel like a very first day at a new school… and he certainly remembered how lost
Sherlock tore the letter out of the envelope as John finally reached the pair, Eliza with both hands pressed together against her grin and glassy, beaming eyes and Sherlock still in the process of yanking the letter out from the envelope. Finally, he managed to get it out and basically pressed his nose against it with how closely he started reading it. John reached for his own envelope, turning it front and back… just to… just to make sure. And there… there it was.
They turned around and saw Molly accompanied by Mike and Sally, who Sherlock was pleased to see had finally dumped Anderson to date a much nicer boy. They were all, predictably, completely unsurprised to see him holding John’s hand.
For this first pose, Sherlock was not saying anything to his students, mentally listing everything they were doing wrong but not wanting to say anything this early on in the class. Every now and then his gaze would flicker to John, expecting him to have moved or for his arms to start cramping up from the pose he had chosen. But John was perfectly still, his eyes had drifted closed but aside from that, not a single muscle looked out of place. Sherlock’s eyebrows rose, impressed with John’s clear comfort in maintaining stillness for a long amount of time. But now that he thought about it, he must have had a lot of practice with that in the military service.
made him feel a bit warmer inside. “Fine,” he agreed, wrapping his own arms around John’s neck, “We’ll go. But you are dealing with the consequences,” he sniffed and made to walk away to his room but John placed his hands on his hips and pulled him back towards his chest.
John frowned “Seriously… what is it? Please tell me... you’ve been..” he searched for the right word “ quiet since the case, love” he let go of the artist’s hips, the latter missing the warmth almost instantaneously, but something hot and ugly burning from John’s words.
John shrugged “It sounds bad but... it wasn’t hard to leave. My parents died a couple of months before I enlisted and my older sister and I... we’ve had our differences in the past. She didn’t miss me I’m sure. Barely calls me even now.” John frowned but then shook himself, as if dismissing a thought “But what about you? Do you have siblings?”
He stood up stretched and walked out of the studio. His fingers and arms felt stiff from drawing for so many hours and he could feel his back already protesting from the night of sleeping over a desk. Sherlock thus resolved to soothe his aching muscles with a hot shower and some breakfast. When was the last time he had eaten? Monday? Sunday?
The Gryffindor common room was drenched in golden light as the fire’s embers slowly dimmed. The warm air against their freezing wet skin was a definite relief and John couldn’t stop the sigh of pleasure that escaped his lips. Sherlock echoed it behind him. Their fingers were still interlaced with each other, and John couldn’t stop the little jumps his stomach made every time he thought about it or focused on the heat between their pressed palms.
“Coming?”, John asked, from the door. “I still have to beat your arse again at Quidditch”. He smiled softly, revealing a trace of the John Sherlock remembered. Though a commotion of emotions was still fighting to take over under his blue eyes.
Now that the shock was wearing off of the Beauxbatons, he turned to John, wanting to share a moment of shared incredulity with him so they could both shrug off the ridiculousness of that prophecy with a laugh. There was no other way to react, really.
Suddenly hyper-aware that he was still hugging John again Sherlock stiffened. Realising how long the hug had been going on and wondering if it was still in the socially acceptable range he let go of him, embarrassed and extremely flushed. He cleared his throat and composed his features before tentatively looking up to meet John’s gaze once again, but John was still grinning at him, completely unfazed by Sherlock’s second hug.
John’s pose didn’t change at all but Sherlock could perfectly distinguish the immediate tension in his back muscles. Sherlock’s students had almost no reaction, clearly used to having their teacher spew out deductions for the model before them. But Sherlock could see them observing John’s scar much more closely.
The daylight from outside the window was almost entirely gone, moonlight starting to shine its unearthly glow into Sherlock’s enchanted face.
“Better” she grinned and turned over the small piece of card paper. It was a picture of a cat. A chubby fluffy orange cat sitting on top of a puffy blue cushion. “It’s pictures of Toby! I miss him so much! I wanted to bring him here but he doesn’t like it when there are many people around. And he’s very used to living in our house so... he just stayed there but-” she sighed. “He’s everything”.
But what took his attention completely were the objects that seemed to be moving on their own accord as the books had been back at the store; the plates rinsing themselves in the kitchen, a dustpan lightly floating over the arm rest in the coiled marble staircase sweeping delicately, the chandelier candles lighting themselves up as they walked through the door and… were the portraits in the house moving?? John stared at one of Sherlock next to a red haired boy he supposed would be Mycroft and… yes. Sherlock seemed to be pouting and rolling his eyes in the picture as Mycroft tried as best as he could to look like he wasn’t noticing, a slight twitch of annoyance giving him away every now and then.
Sherringford left on yet another business trip. The shouting had at last stopped. At first, John had been relieved, thinking that everything would sink back into their usual summer rhythm. But somehow… everything felt so much worse.
“If you boys are done being children” she started, fighting off an indulgent smile as she wiped off the yoghurt smear off her cheek with her index finger, “you’ll admit that the only one here doing you any guys favours is me.” She winked and stretched out her hand for Sherlock to shake. “I’m Molly. Molly Hooper. The only mature one in this group, clearly.”
Now, in his third summer spent at the Holmes’s house, John was sitting below a giant willow tree in the middle of their garden beside Sherlock. He could feel the rough bumps of the bark pressing into the soft material of his shirt and the occasional stray curl from Sherlock’s head brushing into his cheek with the soft breeze.
Molly Hooper was sitting next to Mike Stamford Tuesday morning, just finishing setting everything up for the lesson. They were watching their teacher closely as he fiddled with his thumbs. He certainly looked better than last Tuesday, when he’d showed up looking like he hadn’t slept in weeks and his shirt was covered in paint. On Thursday’s lesson, he’d looked significantly better. Irene had walked into the room and they had had a long whispered conversation in which Irene had looked smug and Sherlock had gone from annoyed to dare she say… a bit giddy?
