or a break up from as far as Sherlock had tallied such conversations. And then he'd slammed the door -angry, then. Not good, and Sherlock was supposed to
remember lying in the hospital room, when Sherlock held his hand, as if checking to see if he'd collapse into dust at the pressure.
"Am I?" he asked, sounding unconvinced, and went back to closing laptops. "Why would he change his identity?" he growled. John shrugged. That didn't sound
"Don't waste water," he replied, unsure what else to say. Sherlock coughed out into his bloody rag. It sounded like he was laughing.
pulled the man into his arms, doing his best to look like a friend with a very unhelpful drunk man. John leaned the limp form over the sedan bonnet,
"Five minutes, John," Sherlock demanded, glancing back at the bathroom door again. John licked at his lips, uncomfortable. He didn't want to play his
his world was righted. It felt like an impossibility but John clung to it and ate his food. Mike’s question resurfaced with his memories.
John was angled toward the man – presumably they'd been having some sort of conversation -interrupted, now, clearly, but John didn't seem to mind. His eyes
He found a paper in a pound shop by the train station. Sherlock was plastered all over the front, barely hidden by the deerstalker. Still, the hat made him
drank and John dealt for them. He'd decided the best way to enjoy the evening was to drink like a fish, and he quickly discovered that Sherlock had decided
"-If -they -think -you -stupid -or -wrong, -you care," John protested, lifting his hands away to speak.
"I don't like being touched. That's been true since Kandahar. It's hardly better now," John announced.
Sherlock had never cared about him as much as he'd cared for Sherlock. He should have gotten over that fact years before. He'd gotten over mourning him.
so, I'm keeping them. Anyway, they're funny." Magnussen dropped the wet towel to the ground and walked out, his men behind him.
"-Yes, -right," John said and Sherlock forced himself to look at the jars again, feeling a blush rise senselessly up his neck into his cheeks. This was
"The tracking device is planted. Now to convince Magnussen I'm a fraud as well as an addict," Sherlock announced as grandly as he could. John set a beer
repetition of facts in steadily increasing volumes - and he certainly did not grasp their function. But now John had smiled softly, when they'd agreed to
John tried to wrap his mind around such a life. A home with a laundry shoot and servants and what else? A cook, footmen, a horsedrawn carriage? Still,
"Would you please let me stalk out!" John shouted into Sherlock's face. The man stared, obviously missing it and John pulled away again. The bar was quiet
doing it," Sherlock rambled, clicking the knocker off-center again. His hands were shaking, John noticed. The beginnings of withdrawal, nervousness or
questions for the man; Sherlock was dead and he knew where the other assassins were. Sherlock had already found their permanent addresses. That would make
"-No -U-M-B-R-E-L-L-A," he signed and Sherlock's hands formed the sign to teach him even as he called out.
case exactly what it seemed - a suicide by a markedly unstable, miserable veteran upon the death of his friend?
person we have to thank for giving us the decisive leads... with all his customary diplomacy intact," Lestrade said, glancing at Sherlock in apparent
“I'm sure you do,” John replied, shifting the chair base to lay it flat on the floor.  Sherlock snarled and turned back to feeding his blood to the dog. There was nothing of
John’s eyes flickered around the room, almost unseeing. All of this life, over so quickly. Signs of Moriarty were scattered over Sherlock's desk; the
He was worsening whatever damage there was in his shoulders. He didn’t care. He was going to kill whoever decided to strap him down.
John spent the time sawing and chiseling a willow slab into a second kitchen chair and Sherlock dutifully pretended he didn't know what it was. Sherlock
He walked inside to see a laptop flying across the room to smash into the smiley face still painted onto the wallpaper. John winced, watching the computer
him. John pulled his way out of the closet slowly, keeping his eyes flashing around the well lit room, and carefully started on his convoluted path home.
that. This was a lesson Sherlock should have learned before, when they'd lost all they'd had to it.
“Pity. Why not? It's drastically overpopulated,” Sherlock commented, pulling his fine shirt over his shoulders. John smiled, feeling something precious slide back into place.
fake/ a rake. Unless he'd gotten the word break wrong – her mistake? Whore relate? - no, it'd definitely ended more open-mouthed than 'relate'. The first
They blinked at each other for a moment, John trying to push his sluggish brain to make sense of that, and Sherlock struggled up to his feet.
"I'm not your bloody housekeeper," Greg joked, moving to obey. John watched the two of them, his adrenaline starting to drain. He tipped his head back on
John tipped his head back down on the couch armrest, Mike’s words crawling down his spine, and lifted his plate onto the coffeetable, his arm shaking. Pain
figurine. Sherlock glowered at him. "Well you didn't want to talk about erections," he accused. John lifted his head to stare at the ceiling for a moment,
"How is that your business?" John almost certainly asked back – it was that or 'how it that your fitness?". Donovan looked annoyed at the statement.
"A bath, I think," he stated and John groaned again. He pulled himself from the bed, ignoring how his body instantly began to shiver. They didn't have
John leaned over his shoulder and Sherlock tilted the note to help him read it. John's eyebrows rose slightly in disbelief and he glanced up at the woman.
"Wait, a second ago you didn't think I existed and now you think we're lovers?" John growled, turning on her. She shrugged.
"Yes, added to the evidence that he usually sleeps on his back, it seems quite likely," Sherlock stated, sitting down at the head of the table and tenting
"-How -I -don't know -that?" John asked, the note in his hand mangling all of the words. Sherlock smirked.
The man tugged him toward the hook with little trouble. John told himself not to fight but still his body lurched backward, desperately kicking at the man. Another fist slammed into his teeth and the man threw his chain over the hook on the ceiling again.
"It was for a case," he confirmed, as if that would suddenly convince him to stay. John nodded slowly, as if he cared, so that Mycroft would finally leave.
Sherlock blinked, suddenly determining a new project. Somehow he needed to make John's brain learn. He stood, heading for where John's laptop was balanced
willing to bet that the kitchen was still devoid of any microscopes, any questionable organic samples.
John swallowed, wondering if there was any way to twist this conversation in his favor. He wasn’t sure what ‘in his favor’ could be - this man was capable
“Pride and grit,” John answered, but he could see no one was listening. Sherlock was watching Greg's reaction, looking puzzled.
he reminded himself. He just wished Sherlock had actually given him time to deposit the check first.
Sherlock backed up, apparently sensing his discomfort and John glanced over the man's face for any clues as to what had brought on the sudden attack.
"I'm sort of a go-to guy, you know? I've done a lot of jobs and the people who work with me know I get my work done well so they ask to hire me again. I
John busied himself getting the wounds clean, knowing there was no way Sherlock was going to allow him to finish re-bandaging them now. He moved to write a
ordered to show with each successive image John's body hanging from the ceiling, his crumpled body, his urine splotches, then his nakedness, his blood.
“John,” Harry called and it sounded like an order. John pulled his attention back to her. “It’s good to see you again. Even if the circumstances are shite.
man with a thick mustache and a permanent scowl. John shot him when he rounded the corner, heading toward his car. Moran jerked and moved to grab his gun,
"His computer, in return for the location of your vaults. I will never be your equal, for I can never learn all that's within them, but give me access and
"Yoo hoo," Mrs. Hudson called, walking into the kitchen to find him with the bouquet. John turned, feeling like she'd caught him with something
and still come back. Mourn and heal and know that Sherlock Holmes was somewhere dashing across London, solving crimes and wanting him back.
clipped past him, cutting him off, and John cursed, dodging out of its way as he made his way straight into the street.
“I need control,” he said, staring up at the ceiling. He turned his head to see Sherlock’s gaze grow slowly more hopeful. “We do this together or not at all. No unilateral decisions, no running off without me, and anyone who fucks with us like that I’m shooting through the skull and asking questions after.”
John walked through the fields in his mind, listening to farm equipment grinding nearby, a weight in his stomach that had nothing to do with the imagined noise.
"-Wait -that -mean -he -already -kill -that -man -how?" John asked, holding up the photograph of the second crime scene floor. It was just another alleyway
saved his partner. There was nothing surprising in the folder but the reference to American football. Drug use and alcohol were common self-remedies for
"-S-H-E-R-L-O-C-K," John spelled out, because he would have said it and he needed time. Sherlock read his fingers and shot him a derisive glance, looking
John wanted to amend, but he couldn’t admit to being awake and he had a strong suspicion he was wrong anyway; Moriarty had never been the least bit
Sherlock glanced up. Four options again. They'd run out of tea; she was lying to spite him; someone had lied to her that they'd run out; or there was tea,
No doubt the driver was watching him, ready to report in to Mycroft. John cursed and fumbled with the front door. He needed to get inside.
“Excuse me,” Sherlock said, his voice sincere, and looked away. John expected him to get up and leave but Sherlock didn’t move. What was John meant to
least when it came to healing his back and keeping him hydrated and remembering his prescriptions. But family? He didn't have anything to offer her. He
at sharpshooting, or how he’d put them to use. Who had John shot, before that telling night with the cabby? Who could have come for him now? Or was this
felt anger pressing at his brain. "Why didn't you heal? Wander around for a few months, get a job, move out, marry some skinny pedantic school teacher with
his laptop skidding toward the back wall. He caught it carefully and turned toward Sherlock, who was looking rather disappointed.
“Did you want to be?” he asked. John swallowed, wishing not to answer, though he didn’t know why. “I’m starting to get less curious, really. Because to be
“Are we friends then?” John asked, turning his head and meeting Sherlock’s wounded eyes. “Because you jumped off a building and I collapsed and I really
“What?” John barked, stepping forward before he’d even thought. Mycroft frowned at him, nonplussed. His eyes widened with realization and he gripped his
"-Your -bedroom -there. -Go," John ordered, pushing against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock held his ground, shaking his head.
Finally they'd have answers to who stopped Moriarty from shooting Sherlock at the pool, who pulled Irene Adler's strings. And they'd have that power over
“I was captured,” John said, in the same tone he’d once used when he’d faced Mike Stanford and answered ‘I got shot’. Harry frowned. Not good enough,
probability given the 20% cumulative attrition rate. Still, Sherlock wasn't bored. Being a surgeon or not wouldn't make him more or less bored, because by
'dead', Moriarty was dead, his criminal network mostly dismantled; the connection was gone. Useless. The only fear left was that Moriarty had a contingency
"Jesus," John cursed as he peeled away the last blood and pus crusted layer, revealing the lacerated, bruised face beneath. He pulled his kit closer to
Sixteen days in, John brought a caribou home in his sled. Its stomach was open and empty, already gutted. He let it thaw by the stove, taking up most of
Sherlock stayed all day, hiding from the cold, but still John felt his gaze as he cleared the house door, sharpened the saws, and hitched up the sled to
"Thank you," John said and swallowed heavily. His stomach churned horribly. He needed to get off this phone.
look through. Given the strong likelihood of evidence of illegal gun possession, Sherlock figured.
"So you two are deaf then, are you?" the cabbie asked them from the front. John stared for a moment, utterly flummoxed before turning to face Sherlock
John woke up the next morning while Sherlock was plotting the optimum route between every building in London, based on the public transportation options of
Sherlock glanced at John to make sure he wouldn't be waving a gun at the man. John was waving his arms slowly, as if he were an overdramatic tourist trying
"What-" he managed and Sherlock shifted down onto his elbows, gripping a hand into John's hair and grinding his erection into his thigh. John responded
door's shadow slide slightly. The door had been nudged. Moriarty pushed it open with a single hand and stood in the doorway, apparently waiting for him to
Shame twisted in him at the thought of how far he'd fallen without Sherlock at his side. That he'd eschewed England altogether, unable to face the graffiti
deciding not to renew his meds. It had been a long time. He wanted his head finally clear of the damned haze.
Sherlock buried himself in his experiments, praying for a case that would free him from his own mind. He was grinding himself to pieces trying not to think
streets down but it flew past him without even pausing. Sherlock growled and lifted another hand, only to have the cabbie's indicator flash to move over
"-Yes. -Basement. -Clothing -dirty, -we -put in -" John caught Sherlock's arm to stop him speaking, not catching a sign. "-C-H-U-T-E," Sherlock spelled
"Quickly, now!" he shouted before looking over at the waiting duty sergeant to focus his command. "Call an ambulance now!" The duty sergeant hesitated,
"Well then," Sherlock said and John jerked his head up to see the man watching him now. It occurred to him that he had a rare opportunity. A chance to see
asked 'do you have any experience with PTSD' and had been halfway through answering before he'd realized they were talking about his bedside manner with
He'd never been good at those. John met Sherlock's eyes and recognized the pained amusement there - Sherlock had seen the same thing.
John pushed himself to his feet, groaning as the movement tugged at his burns. He should have waited until the nurses would allow him his next dose of
the room. The hospital room was silent in her wake, but John couldn’t help but find it a relief.
“Wait, hold on, I’ve got to send a text. I’ve got to say, this Moriarty guy was seriously disturbed. I mean ‘little game’? What’s with that?” the torturer
"-We -talk -about -" Sherlock gestured to the rubble. "-You -learn -talk -faster." Sherlock pointed to the dishrag. "This. Colour?" he asked. John
"I need to improve reading lips," Sherlock announced, interrupting the cabbie halfway through a story about his daughter.
“Mrs. Hudson, Doctor John Watson,” Sherlock presented, sounding rather proud for a man who'd supposedly met him at random the day before.
a curtain. Scratches where the window glass had once exploded into the room. He inhaled slowly, wrapping himself in the familiar smell of dust and
Molly had said. Why? Why not? Sherlock didn't know what to say. He gazed around the room again. Why was John here?
He had a feeling he was about to finalize his involvement in something dangerous and stupid. His heart was pounding.
John stepped off the foot boards and started toward the wheel dogs to unhitch them first, giving them each a pat and praise as he went. Gladstone stayed by
what was happening. Once, he could have felt proud, like he’d been let into an even more coveted portion of Sherlock’s life. Honored for Sherlock to deem
John concluded, some last bit of hope dying in him. Sherlock hadn't done drugs to make a contact on the street; he'd brought them
stalker, then? What would he become if John tried to send him away? He could be very skilled at keeping John from ever seeing him. Harry was watching him,
He was inclined to let Sherlock leave. He could do that. Sherlock had quite decisively decided to end everything between them. Whatever it was that they’d
with possibilities – if John had meant the hand to go the other direction – he made that mistake sometimes – slow, long, how long, nightly – too many
That's why he'd planted the damn suitcase – for Sherlock Holmes to find it. A whole circus act all his own and Scotland Yard was both his trained monkey and his captive audience.
"I didn't even know she smoked," John protested, glancing between the two of them. Mrs. Hudson shrugged.
that didn't match Mycroft's fuzzy picture of the shooter. Still, it would only be a matter of time before he found the man, if he was going to A.A in the
For Sherlock it was a simplistic exercise in narrowing down random chance. To John it was a cumbersome exercise in trying to recall what the heck he’d
"In part, though most of it came from my father. Mycroft suspects that is why he appealed to her," he said.
half-witted experiment only to get bitten by a rabid bear. He wasn't sure how long it would take to determine that Sherlock Holmes had actually gone mad.
-help. -Come -home. -Everyone -say -you -H-E-R-O. -I -say -how -you -know? -I -past -in -A-F-G, -you -know -not -do -what. -I -go -R-A-M-C -bad
himself forward against John's back. He felt John's spine vibrating and wished that he could hear it. A growl? Words? There was no way to tell.
media firmly moving on from his 'miraculous return from the dead'; very little chance of one. Nothing would keep John here and once he'd left, what would
"-We -go -now -yes?" John asked before lifting the bags. Sherlock glanced at the filled groceries and shoved his hands into his coat.
for the man he was now. He could feel it in his bones. He knew Sherlock Holmes as well as he knew himself and the man despised the silence, despised the solitude, the boredom and the pacificity, everything about the arctic that John had needed.
“I don’t know,” he amended, his voice soft again, and Sally exhaled, unsure when she’d started holding her breath.
new fight to come from anywhere. It wasn’t often that Sherlock Holmes looked scared. John placed his hand ready on his holster. They were out in the open
He’d faked his death. Planned it ahead of time. A breakaway cable, a harness, an emergency response team of god-knew-who, Molly. And he hadn’t told John.
They got to the ground floor and Lestrade called them a taxi, explaining that he'd not yet had a drunkard hurl in his new car and he wasn't starting now.
Sherlock came out of the bedroom and crouched before the cabinet behind the kitchen table they'd turned into a linen closet. He dug out a new set of deep
He'd barely gotten himself to focus long enough to name all of the possible places Ricolleti could have gotten a dead pig without having had to take it on
of the war, a body alert to danger, but John didn't have any reason to fear him. Four options for dilator pupillae stimulation – change in light,
"Two days," he commented, staring at Sherlock. Sherlock blinked, his eyes unfocusing slightly as he processed.
John sighed to himself, trying to wrap his mind around a genius who could have missed how close they'd become, how dependent and how caring. But, it made
John watched Sherlock start to unload the boxes, carefully unwrapping glass slides and lenses with a gentleness he rarely saw. Sherlock moved slowly, his
John rubbed his hands down his legs, wanting to collapse into his chair but the chair wasn't there. He settled for Sherlock's chair by the desk. Sherlock
His Browning was at home. John started to get up but a hand held him down. He had to be sure, first. Sure Sherlock was – John closed his eyes as bile rose
Gladstone trotted at his side, his tongue wagging out of his mouth. It was twenty eight degrees and humid despite the rain, but the dog kept pace with John all the same until they'd found a ride. Sherlock spent the ride glued to the cab window, taking in all of the city's minute changes. John closed his eyes and tried to absorb the roaring road noise.
The officers on the case all wandered idly about, without any work to continue the case and without the heart to declare it over.
The delivery men finally left and Sherlock’s relief was palpable. John watched Sherlock walk back into the living room and prepared himself for another
“This one did. Will you come?” The cop was practically begging. For a career criminal to help with a murder?
kitchens. Yes, she'd bring his tea faster that way – probably by a good 20% improvement. So, frequency was one possibility, still impossible to eliminate.
He’d never stopped missing the way Sherlock never asked questions. It wasn’t because Sherlock was polite, John had no illusions. The intolerable genius
The trouble with being a sit and wait predator for a sit and wait predator was it got incredibly boring. John held the phone in his hands, glaring at the
collar sharply. John pulled his towel over himself, only to wonder why he bothered. He had no secrets to keep from Sherlock now. Resentment churned in his
Sherlock thought, even as he was grateful for it. Moriarty was going to underestimate him heartily – maybe that would allow him enough time to save it all.
"Okay, stop! Just stop!" Sherlock shouted, pushing himself up from his chair. "Point made," he said in a more calm voice, when Mycroft paused, his hand on
pretend to read the paper. Sherlock would have given up his violin for him? His days without talking – meaning he'd have found something benign to say and
John wondered, rolling his damaged shoulders."Well, I think we'd both find that embarrassing," John replied. Sherlock snorted and turned away to hide his
day passed without a hint of the man and John went to his own bed again starting to wonder if the man had been scared away. Still, he'd told Sherlock
The day ended slowly and John watched the sun set beyond the living room window, trying to prepare himself for another night of dreaming. His adrenaline
"Well, I'll tell her that our entire relationship was a ruse to break into her boss' office. I imagine she'll want to stop seeing me at that point,"
“Oh, my boys,” she said, and finally pulled away. Sherlock tucked his hands behind his back again and looked to John for guidance. John grimaced.
"She's Magnussen's PA. That's the whole point. Look-" Sherlock slid the laptop onto the table. "Appledore. It is the greatest repository of sensitive and
"Well, obviously the boundaries of our relationship have changed. It's only natural for me to reevaluate them," Sherlock replied, stepping back out of
John ran his fingers through his greasy hair. He wanted to get out of here. So he pulled the hand-towel off its hook by the sink and tossed it into the tub
it again. Not worth it. "Greg. Is that Greg?" he asked. He'd fallen asleep on a sofa. Not their sofa.
"Oh my god," he moaned, miserable. He never should have fallen asleep without water. He never should have gotten drunk at all. Lord but he was never doing
healed man. And hopefully Sherlock would never know how close it'd come, but he probably would. Probably already knew, and didn't have a damn clue how
entered the room easily and the press didn't bother taking photos, apparently knowing they'd have their chance during the brief press release. The
surely, which would be fun but still, not worth doing. So he needed to rely on anecdotes and the average mind's social intuition. Dull. John was currently
grumbling about the bedcuffs John had insisted on, apparently blaming Mycroft for it all, until the lifestyle coach arrived.
ceiling, his mouth pursed to 'tut' in that way he did when someone was about to say something stupid. Which, granted, was perfectly possible but Sherlock
John obeyed them, remaining by the tourist fence until the officer recognized Sherlock and shushed his soldiers. Sherlock gestured to John to approach as
"Sherl," he muttered to himself, baffled. He turned around, trying to smile. "He's just having a bath. I'm sure he'll be out in a minute."
could feel; he would have sworn he's seen him hurt a few times, seen him peer at John with something like confusion in his eyes and something like want.
for his forensic mortician to go back inside. John started to move away but Greg stopped him with a hand.
couldn't figure out what he was attempting to add to the conversation either. "Bum itch," he reiterated. Sherlock's face cleared as if that'd helped.
What had looked like an endless expanse of solid white had context now. Their home, a mile south. The fish cache, a mile and a half south east. The willow
He kept walking. As long as he was in public he couldn't break down, and his mind managed to stay above it all. He just had to stay out and keep walking.
Lestrade who was halfway through a sentence with Donovan. Lestrade nodded back and John started for the genius waiting for him to catch up.
like he hadn't seen it. John would leave the flat the next morning, go to his infested bedsit and remember that he didn't even have a job to occupy him -
John's face fell slowly, apparently figuring it out. The man glanced over his face quickly, saying something Sherlock mostly missed. There were too many
“It stresses you, when I leave,” Sherlock announced. John clenched his teeth, wanted to push all of the damn monitors out of the room. But it wouldn’t
Mrs. Hudson sipped at her tea again, her eyes misty. John struggled to keep himself from contemplating the pain of the last year and focused on how his
Fear hit him hard, bringing with it all the voices of his past telling him not to be gay and teasing him for the close bonds he'd formed with his comrades.
“Moriarty’s organization was funded through a process of donation to semi-legitimate charities and pre-arranged embezzlement. The clients could even deduct
it. He sipped at his drink again. "Drink more, you'll enjoy the game more," he offered. Likely terrible advice but for once Sherlock listened to him.
"Would you have rathered an Accuracy International Arctic Warfare Covert shell through your brain?" he asked, doing his best to keep himself collected.
John thought as Sherlock left for the kitchen, his face still steadily bleeding. John sighed, wanting to fall asleep and think about the whole afternoon
slowly compared to a car's travels. Someone walking and getting slowly out of range. Going down steps?
thick layer of muscle and skin protecting the animal's organs. There was almost nothing in the way of visceral fat; John was right – the animal was
materials and his food preferences and his childhood. There really wasn't much to say and the hand signs -so easy to keep straight at first -had started
infinitesimal degree, and that was worth an empty hunt. Perfect, probably. And John was making tea and not even glancing at the door.
and John felt an urge to flip his palm, feel the strength of the hand in his. He pulled away, moving to point to the door instead where he heard Lestrade
They were worried about him, John knew. He spent too much time avoiding people, too much time wallowing in grief. Waiting for a kill. Perhaps they would
bed and relish the morning. He was permitted to touch this unapproachable, brilliant man. But he needed to replace the traps they'd left undone the day
"Could be dangerous," Sherlock said, smirking slightly. John grinned, his heartbeat picking up again.
in the snow and do nothing when there were murderers and kidnappers running loose, creating puzzles throughout London. But that was John's nature now.
"Yes. We already talked about this. It's easier to find online. Did you not hear me before?" Sherlock sounded genuinely concerned. John glanced at the
John tried to imagine the genius at eighty years old, rarely ever making his own tea, shooting walls and shouting at the nursing
"I thought you said we wait?" he asked and Sherlock tied his scarf around his neck, looking extremely self-pleased.
"Sign me into your care. I want to go home," Sherlock told him, grateful again for his forethought in moving in with a licensed physician.
It was just as well, he thought belatedly. He had to hide that fact, through this. That helped, he thought.
Moriarty to your wired chest and told me to run, a year before and significantly before you ever felt you loved me," Sherlock shouted back, striding back
"No, it's been a few days. Should I be worried?" he asked, feeling his eyebrows furrow. How long had it been since he'd last dropped in to sit across from the silent, desperate man? Three weeks?
"Why did you leave?" he asked. It sounded like blame. John grabbed the door handle, deciding the he was finally finished with the man. Mycroft Holmes could
"Peter Ricolleti," Lestrade started, his voice too loud over the mic. "One of Interpol's most wanted list since 1982. Well, we got him, and there's one
"Janine, a few experiments, and a lunch date with the canteen cook," Sherlock answered rapidly, shaking his head like he could dispel the irrelevant
“The ..ah… the funeral,” he started, gazing around the empty kitchen, his eyes catching on the sanitized shelves where microscopes and vortex mixers used
many possibilities for what he was being asked and missed the obvious one. Not that he was being particularly clear this time, John figured. "Yesterday's
stripping it off his face and over his hair. "Driver -" he started again, but stilled when the hide-covered man took a jerking step backward, his eyes finally filling in the details that he'd missed; the
Astronomy papers. Thesis about the makeup of the universe, from what John could understand from their abstracts. The studies themselves were pages and
"He'll be okay," she said quietly, wondering how he'd react. He met her eyes sharply in the rear view mirror, looking confused.
"Not the healthiest relationship in the world, is it?" Lestrade asked and John blinked, trying to figure out what kind of relationship Lestrade thought it
"Why would I be embarrassed?" John asked and Donovan smirked slightly, like he'd just answered a different question. John felt his eyebrows furrow, but
Sarah shot him a glance he couldn't decipher when he finally walked out of his office to head out, feeling far too exhausted to go home to his stupidly
"Well. I'll – uh -visit him in a few days, see how he's holding up. I've got some questions about Sherlock's old cases," he said, turning for the door. "I never thought a blog was going to work so well as case files before," he joked quietly. Molly smiled but it slipped slightly at the edges of her mouth. Yeah, he knew that feeling too.
he thought but Sherlock scoffed at him nastily. He'd have started ranting about the uselessness of emotions if he'd been found without one. So the man was
purple sheets and stalked toward his room, glaring at the bit of cloth like he could scare it into setting itself as he acted with most chores. John
adventurist trying out a few months of miserable living to write about it on their social media outlet of choice. Sherlock snarled quietly, taking in the confident
chemo-therapy riddled attention on your problems, when they were so tragic? A month? No, less than that. It’s not about your drinking. I’ve spent most of
"-You -want -this, -yes? -not -too much?" John asked and Sherlock's face lightened in a small smile as he pulled the trousers down the rest of the way.
John imagined sitting in his chair, the noise of England surrounding him, the scent of chemical supplies and rotting experiments in his nose. Sherlock
John thought desperately. Which meant Sherlock was going to get those photos soon. John gripped the rope tighter. Sherlock would be coming for him. He’d
again. The nursing staff tried and failed to get him to eat something and kept him propped up on the back supports. He was plugged in to a IV fluid and
a knife. Is it a clue?" John asked, his heartbeat picking up. The crackhead jerked the blade toward the door. "You doing a mime?"
for a response. “You never wanted to come back here. I knew it. You knew it. Why are you back, now?” She leaned forward to pat his knee, barely missing
“-You -safe,” Sherlock pointed out. John’s jaw clenched. Sherlock felt his eyes widen, recognizing his mistake as John became only more furious. John
him? John was curious to see it, even if it was doomed to have the man trudging away from him in under a minute.
"Looks like," John replied, moving toward her as he heard Sherlock shout 'Come on!' at the top of his lungs outside.
"Am I acceptable to you as an intermediary?" Sherlock demanded, sounding annoyed. Magnussen looked back at him finally.
"We live together. We work together. We go out and have fun, we have sex, how would that be casual?" he asked, squinting at him as if trying to gather the
"No idea what you just said," he replied, refocusing on the instrument in his hands like that clearly ended the conversation. Ghah. John stomped again and
awkwardly, turning to the sink to fill it. Sherlock blinked and returned to his microscope. John started the water for tea, trying to figure out if he left
He had no need to be learning these, now, John told himself, glancing over the different piles. Animal words, holidays, different types of fruit, astronomy
The police force trickled in slowly, no one talking to each other, and Sally stared at her map of blue and red marks spread over the conference table,
out in front of him and suspected that unless Franklin was smart enough to not step off, he'd have the data for
for work, and head into Sherlock's bedroom. She closed the door behind him. Of course Sherlock would fake such a thing.
"Really, John, I'd only been back from Russia for six hours and I knew," Sherlock boasted, heading into the living room to sit down. John flicked on the
something he could live through. He needed a back harness then and he'd wear his coat, that'd keep it all from John's sight -
"The man can't go two minutes with the woman without staring," Sherlock replied, switching his song to a faster beat.
"Er – yeah, night," Lestrade answered and John hung up. He stared at the phone for a moment, cursing Sherlock. Of course they'd be in Molly's morgue; he'd
John told himself, fighting for his patience as he wandered toward the stairs. He dawdled with his clothing but he knew he couldn't hide up in his room
John backed away from him, his eyes wide and unfocused. Sherlock frowned. That wasn't right. John always fought back, only grew more steady in his
"Well, I wouldn't scream some random bloke's name, is all," the man replied conversationally, moving around to John's front and releasing the rope to lower him back to the floor. John heard the heavy
"Let him be," Lestrade ordered. "He needs evidence." His voice was calm but Sally could see how tense he was. Lestrade cared for Sherlock Holmes. This
Sometimes it became so silent that they could hear the footsteps of the caribou clustered on the opposite shore of the river. The days were so cold a fog
violent enough to be talking about searing anyone. Which left 'who can hear me' and 'you can hear me'. Tedious. Sherlock sighed heavily, heard the strange
They went to 221B, which made all of the rushing look fairly superfluous. Still, Sherlock threw himself into the couch and tore at his hair like the were
John inhaled slowly, belief swamping him. It made so much more sense than Sherlock Holmes committing suicide.
And hell, he knew Sherlock's ego was sensitive. This was going to hurt him. The man's pale blue eyes were glancing over his face, looking almost...
He hadn't noticed its lack, he realized. He should have. Since the first day John had seen him sidling into the hospital room, Sherlock had held his
He strode toward John, collecting his emotions to hide them away again by habit. He had to be meticulous, feelings couldn't be allowed to run away with him
that were real were the ones not talked about in anything but jokes. "Then, when I called she thought it was just to catch her up on you and Sherlock…"
frowned, wondering when ghosts had entered the conversation. He leaned over to ask Sherlock but the man was already leaping to his feet like he had no
"The fact that you know it's going to happen isn't going to stop it," he pointed out. Magnussen put his empty drink down, still looking smug.
John walked out minutes later to see Sherlock bent over the desk on his laptop, writing an email. A sure sign he was looking for a new case and had solved
at someone else for once. The Inupiaq grinned, flashing his two front teeth. His gums were worn down, thin bumps slipping over his jaw bone.
sin of tea left on the countertop. A year old newspaper and folded sheets of cardboard were tucked between the countertop and the wall,
thought of that, and John had a moment staring at his laptop, wondering if his best friend had been a
horrible room. Sherlock was lying across all the chairs, his limbs woven through the arm rests. His eyes were closed, his breath coming out evenly.
he thought proudly but didn't say. Then he had to wonder if Sherlock's parents had known about the falsehood surrounding his 'death' or if they'd mourned
“Few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out,” he said, his eyes scanning the streets behind John's back, looking concerned about something. John forced himself not to turn.
But John was making room for him now. Sherlock glanced at the extra nails by the door, his fox lined gloves, the sanded chair legs and base just waiting
again. Sherlock watched them in the reflection, his face blank, his gaze as measuring as ever. It was only when John stopped talking, his throat sore and
"-Painting -paint -past -when -Turner -came -home -winter -after -travel – what -you -hate? - when -not -school," John continued, fighting a smirk as
Sherlock moved into the kitchen, apparently not caring why. John followed him, still unsure what he was going to say. What the fuck did he want?
and fear, not lung failure. Breathing slower would help. A drop of sweat dripped down his back in a cold path and John sat up, wanting to tear at the room
“We don't know a thing about each other. I don't know where we're meeting, I don't even know your name,” John complained.
like, receiving those photographs, unable to find him? His eyes had been so haunted when he’d first stepped into the hospital room. And then? To find their
managed. What had he hoped? That Sherlock would pamper him, wash his hair, and suddenly all his pain would disappear? Had Sherlock hoped the same?
"We need Christmas," he growled. John blinked rapidly, wondering if he should bother asking. Sherlock started tearing at his hair again.
It wasn't long before the animals began to disappear from the river. John carved out the water hole and watched a forlorn male strand itself halfway across the river, its wobbling legs plunging repeatedly through the cracking ice, and realized Sherlock was going to stay. They’d age together out here, unless the weather got them.
Sherlock was silent during the meal. Strangely so, given their experiment. He asked John a series of inane questions and John obeyed the command to
"Mmm.. Only fair. Myroft destroyed mine," Sherlock complained, snapping the lid down. "Useless," he growled, stepping away from the dresser and folding his
to blame me for all your problems, fine, but don’t tell me that this fucking loser is better than me,” she continued, her voice getting louder as she
"Well, surely we should not call her at work. Magnussen would suspect," Sherlock replied, flickering his eyes between John and the peed-on fireplace. John
"To convince him that I've nothing for him. He'll judge me incompetent and mainly harmless, and send the letters back to their safe keeping, for later use
"I'm barking up the wrong tree, aren't I?" she asked Sherlock ruefully but John couldn't see Sherlock's expression.
wonder if it'd be worthwhile to ask the guy's name. It didn't seem worth it, he decided, moving to sit down on one of the lab stools. He didn't want to
“No, she was leaving an angry note in German,” James growled. “Of course she was writing Rachel, no other word it can be. Question is, why did she wait until she was dying to write it?”
"If you were resolved to learn just the one you should have chosen ASL. The one-handed letters are far more convenient. Think it through next time."
he thought, and laughed. Sherlock looked horrendously uncomfortable. John started to wonder if either of them were talking about the characters on their
at Sherlock, apparently only then realizing that there was only one bed. His thick silvery eyebrows rose slightly. John huffed out a breath, apparently
“He’s always been so strong. What happened to him?” Harry asked, her voice thin, and John heard Sherlock stand up.
"John, describe this to me," Sherlock ordered, whirling to face the man. Lestrade's eyes widened marginally and he stood by John, his mouth still open.
The air was so cold he could feel it freezing in his lungs. The wind cut at his face wherever it could creep between the seams of his fake-fur-lined coat. It seared like a burn, different in kind
You were supposed to pick yourself up, forget that I ever existed, and go find someone useless to make you happy," he accused.
with me, did not think you would give up your life for me. But clearly, you lost it all the same,” Sherlock confessed. John felt the information fluttering
many possibilities to name behind that action, but as it was still in her pocket and she was touching it now it was
"-We -talk -sign language -four -hours," John replied, turning to sign to the man before he started rummaging in the menu drawer. Sherlock's eyes lit up
“I got him arrested for hiring sex workers,” Sherlock replied. John looked at the ceiling, unsure he should put in the effort to move his head but wanting
thing. It stood with its huge paws limp before its wide chest. "Shit it's starving," John muttered. Sherlock blinked, searching for evidence in the
he realized belatedly, closing the file folder. A.A meetings didn't exactly have searchable guest books.
and John would be defenseless. Or he could resort to the contingency plan he'd designed when his detective work
"Your bedroom door is shut. You haven't been home all night. So, why would a man who has never knowingly closed the door without the direct order of his
dissipated. They couldn’t even pretend to be the same two men anymore. What they could have been, had Sherlock wanted him in return, was certainly
"-First; -my career. -Second; -gay -people? -Some -people -hate; -Third, -now -that -not -D-E-E-R-S-T-A-L-K-E-R. -Now -that -hat -S-H-E-R-L-O-C-K
John remembered being with Sherlock, running through London, that warm hand in his, the shared handcuff chain swinging between their wrists.
In late April the geese began to arrive. They made a decadent break from the endless frozen caribou and John was glad to be able to hunt; his skills with a gun meaning something again. His dogs were fed well.
John sighed, rubbing at the ache in his leg. He didn't dare google the name 'Moriarty'. If 'Aunt Laurie' were even close to correct John had no doubt he'd be a corpse in a week if anyone learned he knew that name and the face that went with it.
"-Cream. -Probably. -Why?" John asked when Sherlock glanced up before heading to the refrigerator to see about dinner. He shouldn't have asked, he figured,
"-Past -you -child, -your -house, -have -washing -machine?" Sherlock asked as they walked over the long flat rooftop of a department store.
time he looked at the pile of dictionary words Sherlock had chosen for him, and yet he continued to slog through it, slow and unfalteringly steady. But
focused on him for a moment, his pale face drawn with concern. He couldn't be more out of place sitting in a rather badly home carved chair, leaning
"Dinner?" he asked and John nodded. It'd be a relief to just get off his feet. "Chinese or Italian, there's both close by," Sherlock added.
“You should let me help you,” Sherlock ordered. John sighed and shook his head, trying to keep his eyes away from the florescent light on the ceiling
Plaster ceiling. The gray dots Sherlock attributed to an old tenant's champagne. The burn mark they'd never been able to get out after Sherlock set fire to
"Of course," she said, smiling wonderfully at him again, more so now that she seemed to understand why he was there. "Excuse me."
back of his head, wondering if he should go. Then Sherlock looked up, his expression brightening. "How's Greg?" he asked. John smiled in appreciation of
"Brilliant," he muttered again and John finished off his tea and went to go put the kettle on again.
Sherlock's chest, apparently not minding the effort even at the early hour. Sherlock was grateful for it – his half of the bed was cold and he pressed
stared up at him, his pupils dilating rapidly with obvious understanding and John started to work his way down, biting slightly at the skin down Sherlock's
"You'll interpret the important bits. They are so rare it really won't be that difficult," Sherlock replied, splitting from him to get out of the way of a
entirely hairless. John smoothed his hands over the taller man's waist, watching Sherlock's face to see if the affectionate touch was welcome. Sherlock
nothing on the dead assassins would help them find John Watson. He’d look anyway. At least he could be
Sherlock went back to his work, explaining his great deductions and Lestrade tried desperately to keep his energy up, to consider every possibility. They
speed. "Two options. They found the tracker and took their time disabling it, to make it look like it was slowly going out of range, or the tracker is
"Diamond cufflinks. All my shirts have buttons," he said. Aloud, of course. The president hesitated, clearly thrown.
Sherlock had killed himself to keep someone from being shot. Probably him or Mrs. Hudson. John wasn't convinced it helped at all to know that. He forced
"Oh, um. Hi, do I know you?" the woman asked, pulling down at the shirt tails to cover where she was quite clearly not wearing underwear. John blinked
“You’re right,” Sherlock said finally. John looked up, shocked, to see Sherlock sitting at the edge of his couch cushion, his hands clasped in front of his
"Girlfriend?" she asked first, sounding concerned, and Sherlock brushed away the topic with a flick of his hand.
despite the summer. John was shocked that could bother him at all, with his back caked over with blood and wire ties cutting into his wrists and ankles, but the shivering
annoyed with Sherlock Holmes again. And yet, he was back in 221B. After so much time. Mrs. Hudson certainly had a fateful way of getting what she wanted.
"You're not contradicting their assumptions," he noted. John blinked. He'd been planning on starting the conversation about Magnussen and their plan of
"Kill him with what? Where's the weapon?" Sherlock asked but his gaze was on John, inspecting his shoulder and meeting his eyes. John nodded and Sherlock
back to that. Unfortunately Lestrade did understand, as did the other officers in the room and they all followed suit with Sherlock and peered at the
"I'm fine," he lied. Moriarty was winning; He could feel it. Control was slipping into Moriarty's hands and he had found nothing on the man. So much on his
cubical wall, his long legs spread out before him. He hadn’t moved during the course of their entire project.
think about it. He did not want Mrs. Hudson to suffer. However, he had always been a reasonable man and he knew, without a doubt, after this kill there
He turned to face her, feeling his back straighten into military style as he tried to school his face into something vaguely resembling composure.
"Yes. Like me," John commented quietly, defensive. He pushed a wooden spoon into the heating cannibal pot.
live. Unlikely you've got an extended family, certainly not one you're close to, so brother it is' – surely the man could still deduce the same, if he'd
, Sherlock read upside down as Lestrade wrote it out. He hissed in annoyance. He'd seen the man on the way in.
"'Scuse, mate," a man stated and John stepped out of the way automatically, turning to see a giant tattooed man stride past him, hauling a stepladder
and soft with time and were threatening to tear. As always, there was nothing to see in the photo but the blood-covered fractured arm of a corpse. John
“I admit I’m not the best candidate,” he replied and John snorted. Sherlock smiled, a spark of hope lighting in his eyes. John watched it fade slowly,
John decided then that he’d gone to bed too soon. Dry-swallowing his amoxicillin and vicodin pills left him only too awake in the dark room.
on the floor. 112 options. Still far too many. Sherlock asked for John’s possessions, out of wherever ’72 Whitehall Lane, Apartment GH17’ was. A bedsit,
James had a certain fondness for it. Some markets needed parasites to bring them down and blackmail was efficient, lucrative, nonviolent, and safe. He had thousands of such men – and occasional women – in his payroll, most of them too scared to act again, and that number was rising.
didn't know he could feel, that he'd found the best human London could produce, and he wanted him for himself. To have and to hold, until some idiot
The morgue door swung open. Sherlock looked around, letting his pulled muscles tug painfully to see who had so badly walked in on them.
so Sherlock would look at him. Sherlock drew himself up and scowled. "I love you, John. I want you to stay" he added and John smiled. He had a strong
Midnight struck and Sally wondered if she was supposed to hold Sherlock's hand, help him through this somehow, but she'd never been particularly touchy and
"You just said you want me to be miserable," Sherlock said, his pale eyes darting around the kitchen like there would be some explanation written there.
their doormat, that’s what. Took a shit in it myself,” she said. John blinked at her, flabbergasted, and Harry tittered. She was right, he thought,
When was the last time he'd slept? John wondered, thinking back to the drug den. Surely Sherlock had not been stupid enough to actually sleep there. Then
when he'd seen the photos. Lestrade prayed he was the only one who'd heard it. Assuming he was still on
he couldn't guess why. He doubted a man wanting so badly to show off his power would ever do anything but underestimate them. But then, psychological games
“A few hours after his last victim and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just found that phone they'd ignore a text like that but the murderer...the murderer would panic,” Moriarty announced, flipping the suitcase closed with a dramatic flourish.
"Do not expect for an instant that, were it not for Magnussen and the allure of violence that John Watson would be in my living room," Sherlock hissed.
There'd been such a look of wonder in Sherlock's eyes. True respect, unhidden. There were so many things that expression healed. John ran his hands down
"I made tea," Sherlock stated. John glanced at him. It wasn't like him to state the obvious. Sherlock glanced at his cup and swallowed. Ah. An apology.
the man into his care. Right. How did Sherlock know ..? John shook his head, signing the form and sliding it across the blockade around the nurses'
“Oh, pepper down,” Mrs. Hudson dismissed him, waving an idle hand in his direction and bending over the dog. “I like huskies.”
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Sherlock replied and the man shot him an uncomfortable look. Sherlock growled, turning back to his phone. John always managed to
flipped his wide ruffed hood over his head before he turned, but it didn't do much to hide his blush.
John hesitated at the thought, taking stock of his surroundings. A scared-looking nurse was holding up both his hands in what looked like either submission
"We're not going home, we're going to Barts," John ordered, climbing in after them and slamming the door. "I'm calling Molly," he announced, shifting in
John closed his eyes, bile rising into his throat. That body splayed on the sidewalk, blood seeping through his hair. Everything, everything that was
"You want me sexually," Sherlock observed aloud, though he didn't frown about it like he usually did when he discussed such things.
Sherlock shifted, pushing him into the mattress, and ran a hand down his neck. John groaned, the sound rumbling against Sherlock's chest. He could feel the
'You should eat,' John had said and Sherlock answered automatically. He wanted to kiss John. He wanted more than that, he was certain, if he'd let his
Chisels, small saws, sanding blocks, hammers, pliers, yawn, wire, hooks, pins, needles, and extra bits of leather and rope. All stuffed in tow crates by
day but the woman smiled and canted her hips slightly to the side. Sherlock glanced back at him, clearly curious now.
was… some day of the week? He couldn't remember if it was a weekend or not. How many days had it been since he'd been fired? Not many. Two, probably? John
"If we were friends," she stated, smiling slightly. Condescending pity, that he didn't already know that. So that was supposed to be obvious too.
John wondered, eyeing the servant as they walked past. The servant followed behind them, apparently paid to stalk them through the house. John was sorely
Sherlock sat at someone's computer, looking up each of the red dots on Google streetview, marking the ones built up with brick. It was possible John's
"It's hardly a worthwhile exercise," Sherlock repeated but somehow it sounded like agreement. John walked inside and signaled to the waitress that they
for interrupting him. But John just smiled at her, looking happy to have the woman talk at him. How did he
between them, thought Sherlock might be interested in him and he simply wanted to know. Now, he questioned that. How many times, after Sherlock’s death,
and went back to his playing. John had almost turned around entirely before he realized. Oh, damn it. He stomped again and Sherlock didn't look up, though
He wondered, guessing this was yet another gay-couple misunderstanding, but not really bothering to care if it meant Sherlock would be released from the
He got back to the flat to see Sherlock likely hadn't seen the paper at all. The man had bits of ribbon strewn over the kitchen table, each submerged in a
decisions, putting most actions up to the irrationality of more idiotic minds. John leaned on the kitchen doorframe, watching as the man ground his teeth
Sherlock's hair was so matted with blood it looked like he'd bathed in it. An arm hung at a bad angle, clearly broken, but the man wasn't writhing in pain
Sherlock could tell the temperature outside by the border of frost that'd stretch its web over the Visqueen window. The depth of the frost correlated quite
He left then, for John to follow or not. John fiddled with his cane, listening to his pulse pound in his ears, his kidnapper's words running down his spine. He couldn't deny it, his heart was racing in
How long could he stay in this place letting his brain waste away, waiting for John? There was nothing
He didn't like it, but he'd do it, John concluded, letting out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. Sherlock pulled out something vaguely flesh
Gladstone trotted toward the house when he'd finished, showing off his freedom to the other dogs though they were still too busy gnawing on their fish to
Harry shook her head sharply, realization settling over her face as she watched Sherlock cross the room.
there was no way to say that John was alive, except that a man like Jim Moriarty would have wanted to cause as much pain as possible beyond his death, draw
and I'm frequently a wreck by his judgment; finds me attractive and relates to my sense of humor. I know the last two are true, the rest are all equally
John felt like the world was giving out beneath his feet. He watched the man settle his arm into an aircast. His partner. John wanted to spit at the word.
were looking for a table for two. She was a beautiful Asian woman about his age – no wedding ring either – but from the way she glanced knowingly between
shirt but made no attempt to hide. "Has everybody gone? I heard shouting," she asked, sliding past him to walk toward the kitchen.
wasn't sure Sherlock would stop him. He wasn't sure he'd stop. He didn't know why he was furious. By rights he shouldn't care at all. Or perhaps he should
“Goodnight,” Sherlock said politely. Sally nodded vaguely, too exhausted to respond or ask if he was planning to spend the night awake. She knew the answer
he didn't mean to be. Sherlock Holmes actually hadn't noticed Philip’s name, didn't find the value in something if it wasn't relevant to his puzzles, or in
fact. He remained as ever still against the counter top, but his eyes had darted over Sherlock's body, in just a flash, looking almost wary for a second
“You've been letting things slide, Graham,” Sherlock drawled, his hands clenched behind his back. His fingers were flickering in his palm; nerves, John thought.
on top of it. John was a different man. The thought sent something hard and sharp pinching in his gut. John grabbed a rounded hand knife from the crate of
restraints or coercion, specifically with 'fun' - and they couldn't spend every night drinking themselves into a stupor. Even if it had worked before he'd
placed his hand on the slender man's foot and shook it gently. The man groaned and pulled his foot beneath the tangled blankets.
house, the scars of animal nawing on branch bark, the scratches of something large – a polar bear? Grizzly? - marking its home. There was nothing for them
your arms over your waist enough to return to work. Ergo, you've not forgiven me under all but the most senseless definitions," Sherlock replied without
Sherlock replied. John wouldn’t like that. And he was going to live. No doubt they’d already been reassigned the best doctors in the country.
awkwardness bit of this change. A small case though; something unworthy of the paper at all, preferably. He didn't like fame, to say the least; the last
He could have returned only to attend John Watson's funeral. Love was a vicious motivator, after all. John had been enamored of him. Like Molly Hooper. But
"In my opinion, yes," Sherlock answered meaninglessly. "Have a seat," he said. He was supposed to be an idiot fighting for control.
by the cops and John didn't even care; he had to get home before the ambulance left. She'd die in route, if the paramedic was right about the entrance
"Ask her to risk her life and all of her secrets to a man who entirely outflanks her?" Sherlock clarified, sounding disgusted with his naivety. John sat
raised a hand up, already protesting. "Nevermind, I really don't want to know," she growled and Sherlock started to smirk. Donovan's face fell immediately,
Lestrade and the other useless officers wandered in sometime later and wandered about for hours with nothing useful to add; most of them carefully keeping
No, the greatest likelihood was it was exactly what it looked like. A simple bouquet of flowers shipped to his front door to make him feel vulnerable.
practice. So, unconscious since that time in the forest, only a few hours ago, and John hadn't changed out of his stained clothes. Three possibilities
"Stupid, I know," he agreed. The room fell silent and Sherlock glanced between them. That was all the information? He'd already had most of that. No use
Sherlock had a strong feeling he wasn't supposed to be grateful for that, not when it required two men and a woman to be drugged to death in the back of a
going back into the army and despite all the propaganda being bisexual was not helpful to one's career in a male-dominated hierarchy, thank you. His leg
How many times had he wanted Sherlock to make a move, only to walk out of the room to avoid the temptation? He’d thought it was because of the tension
evidence that John had had before moving into 221 B. Surely he had not loved Sherlock before they'd met; John had not recognized him in that Barts
Mrs. Hudson opened the door. John stepped back a step, bracing himself for screaming. Mrs. Hudson blinked at them both for a long moment. Sherlock beamed at her, looking smug, and her expression slowly brightened.
John nodded sharply and Sherlock relaxed. Greg’s gaze flickered between them, concern tugging at his smile.
Sally into a fury, spitting feminist arguments until an officer handed her a beer. Today, however, she was grateful for it. She at least didn’t need to
for wood glue. What would it do to John, when he left? And what would it do to him to leave without John beside him?
and started on unwrapping his hand. Sherlock didn't move to help, as he never really did unless told to, and John thought, oddly enough, he might have
"So was the parking garage," he answered. He expected Sherlock to grimace, the joke too dark, but to his pleasure Sherlock tilted his head in
He was on his back. His hands caught on something before he got them more than six inches toward his head – a different kind of fabric, softer, slightly
"Um, hi," the crackhead greeted her, shrugging uncomfortably and starting to wander about the lab. "Nice place."
"Sir, caught this one snooping around," another sergeant said, walking into John's eyeshot with Sherlock in tow.
"Drop it and lie down," the man ordered and John obeyed, feeling his stomach roll again as his eyesight started to narrow, like he'd stood up too fast and
resting it against the cold metal behind him. It was too simple, if he'd thought of it; Sherlock would have seen that move coming and he'd have planned a
except for the semi-regular count on the growing pile of unwanted food building up on one of the visiting chairs. Donovan came to visit again, oddly
Sherlock was watching him, he could feel it. He looked up but Sherlock was tossing the note, now an origami bird, across the room to land somewhere behind
he heaved onto his shoulder and brought outside to bury with the rest of his winter cache. The bones were thick with flesh and fat. It was a good kill and
"Sounds good," John croaked out, as if he didn't sound entirely ridiculous and likely to end both of them in jail. Sherlock grinned, obviously excited, and
“Have I ever told you about the time Sherlock and I went to Buckingham Palace?” He asked, though he felt far too tired to tell the story. Harry’s face lit
John didn’t know what to say. He pressed on the button for more drugs, but it would’t compress. He’d taken them too recently. The silence pulled between
"Be nice," Greg growled. "She visits your grave to grovel every month. She's just discovered she's going to need to get a hobby. It's tough."
him. His toes stung badly. Frostbite was building up already and he'd barely been outside for ten minutes. This place was a constant barrage of cold.
“Oh my god, John!” she exclaimed and John cringed, listening to her flutter around the room, no doubt scattering coats and scarves and bags around the room
John almost missed a step, walking at Moriarty's side, only then realizing that if they were halfway through framing an innocent man for serial murder he'd need to catch Moriarty with something damning before the case was over.
eyes in embarrassment. At least they were vaguely alone. Though with his luck, Mycroft's flunkies were recording every word of this.
"We've had sex, or something fairly close to it. That is the only remarkable change in this relationship. Does that change something?" Sherlock asked. John
He couldn't talk to Sherlock on the phone. He didn't know what to say. He felt choked just looking at the man balancing on the edge of a building where it
of 221B, no piled books and strange nicknacks. Nothing but a dresser in the corner, a closet, and a limp old poster of the periodic table. John exhaled
“What about these suicides then, Sherlock? I thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same,” she said, like she was offering them up for sale.
They bathed quickly, the hot water cooling too rapidly on their bodies. John let the water drip off his body to the floor as he washed, wanting to give the
added, glancing up. "Anyway, back to this wackjob's note, shall we? Apparently you're boring enough to be italicized and..." the man's eyes flicked over
He turned his head to see Sherlock awake, staring at the house's top beam, as he'd spent most of their nights here, awake but in the bed for warmth.
far as he could tell, most minds didn't see the untied shoelaces as a question, as anything at all but a benign object – which barely even made any sense,
He didn't bother to consider that one. He'd run 27 different scenarios where Mycroft's concern was a possible motivator and he'd only ever ended up
Sherlock seemed to flop onto the sofa randomly and John giggled again. The client and the landlord looked unhappy. Grumpy, maybe. They shouldn't do this in
again he'd fail. Get left behind. Shoot himself in the teeth. John pushed himself up off the snow, gritting his teeth.
The idiots had pretended to dump their stash in to the Thames but it'd been a diversion. Either damnably fortunate – to have found a bag of the right size
"Err.. Er, beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences and role-models," Sherlock dodged rapidly.
“Mrs. Hudson’s hired help,” he demanded. Mycroft paused, no doubt aware of the rest of the question.
"Sherlock?" John asked and Sherlock grinned, seeing that sharpness in John's gaze that meant John could feel the hunt as well.
settled into the kitchen chair with a pained groan and rubbed his knee – sore, not frostbite, or he'd angle it closer to the fire. Sherlock held out his
“Thank you,” John replied. Sherlock’s eyes widened at the sound. His voice was no better than it’d sounded before.
with him. John got up from his chair, wanting to be anywhere else and headed for the stairs. He slammed the door on the way out, wishing Sherlock could
back in her chair. "Let's start over. Why are you here?" she asked. John swallowed and looked out the window, feeling like she was reverting to that same
"That was the plan," John said, as if this had all been a set up. Sherlock's eyes lit up at the idea.
Molly turned, her mouth open – apparently halfway through a word with the man - blinked and licked her lips, likely thinking about how to answer him. She'd
"Am I?" Charles drawled. Probing, only. Sherlock met his eyes. He needed to look intense, prideful, confident. He thought of Mike, hanging by his neck,
brought them to a relatively nice section of the West End and John wasn't too uncomfortable about following her to meet the landlord and get shown up to
them. He’d gotten food today; he planned on eating it. Mike glanced up at him, looking amused and bit into his own sandwich.
case or if he'd just run straight for it without remorse. He didn't want to know. He just wanted to tear the whole flat apart, get back to his bedsit, and
nothing had changed and he'd meant it and this was hardly the first night he'd spend without any clue where the genius had gotten to.
“And they stopped?” John asked. Sherlock took another drink. John wanted him to stop, but said nothing.
John thought, guessing where this was going. Power play number five. They could have played bingo with this nonsense. He unzipped his coat. They were going
“You're not going to find him by looking for a missing person," Sherlock commented as he walked out of the closet. The door smacked some uniformed woman.
John thought, shame churning in his stomach. He'd tasted his gun before the end of the first week. After a month he realized Sherlock's smell had faded
give his condolences without unsettling people. He’d have to observe how he did that. His phone buzzed obediently.
Molly held her breath, peering down the street, thinking for once she'd caught the man. She breathed in relief as John Watson walked under a streetlamp,
frostbite and identify the emotion they showed now. Something had changed; John hadn't truly wanted him to acquiesce the night before, when he'd declared
"Well, what are we all standing outside for?" Mr. Holmes ejected suddenly, clapping his hands together. He was dressed like a rather doddering old
animal's thick fur. He had nothing to compare it to. He wasn't comfortable to have John know so much more than he, to have nothing to offer the man, no way
"He left, came back," he explained, frustrated. Sally frowned. Surely that wasn't too complicated for her excuse for a brain?
John swallowed. That was everything he hadn't asked for. Physical care and no further association. The understanding that the past was dead and not
Sherlock Holmes was back in his world and he didn't want to sleep; not when he'd wake up and have to drive him to town, watch him fly off to a louder, more
The screeching sound of a discordant violin split the air. John sat at the edge of the bed, trying to slow his breathing, listening to Sherlock tuning his
“Oh, my boys, on my doorstep again,” she said before Sherlock stepped forward and kissed her cheek. There were tears in her eyes when he pulled away and
“Dr. Watson!” James ordered sharply without pulling his eyes away from the detective inspector. John glanced between them with concern. No trust yet. That would have to change quickly, if he was to become an effective partner.
Sherlock was desperately trying not to shout. There was a chance it would disturb John – Mrs. Hudson would hear, doubtlessly, and John could be
He was startled hours later, having studiously ignored the Sherlock-covered newspaper headlines and started at the bottom of the dusty pile, to find
"The feathers on her jacket. It's too good of a suit to suggest work in animal care and regardless no animal care worker would think to hold one of their
He didn't know what he wanted. He knew he wasn't going to mention going into town today. He didn't want Sherlock to leave him. But he was equally
write down a name you know. Someone real or fictional, doesn't matter, but don't show it to me," he instructed, working his way back. The floor was a
Sherlock was alive. He could feel the sickness in his stomach settling, the joy rising. The rest of his life would be better, knowing that.
. John wrote and shoved the note into Sherlock's workspace. Sherlock finished examining something, to all appearances ignoring him and scratched something
“Her suitcase, yes, obviously,” James said, pretending to snap awake. “The murderer took her suitcase, first big mistake.”
"-Kitchen. -Woman -not important," John replied, waving a hand in the woman's direction. "-But -fuck you -don't -use -my -sister -drinking. -You -want -me
Sherlock stepped forward so the overhead light wasn't blinding him and blocking his sight of the man.
Sherlock realized, peering at the animal's chest. It did not look like he'd gotten more than one shot into the beast, and it was clearly lodged in the
to a dull numbness. Nothing cared about Sherlock here. Nothing changed. The hare in his trap didn't miss him.
John wondered. He'd gotten quite accustomed to Sherlock knowing everything about him; he'd never been particularly convinced that Sherlock was ignorant of
light eyes burning. John watched him until a harried nurse came in to give him his medicine, Harry walking in behind her.
there’d be some clue, something that’d say it wasn’t suicide. Mourning preemptively would hardly help John now, if there was a man left to help.
building up in his back, expectations for him to be someone he couldn't be anymore. He could barely look at Sherlock without feeling the constant
The officers froze, one by one, as they noticed. All except Anderson who slowly, silently turned around to face the opposite wall.
chair. He nodded and Sherlock began the painful, rather overly intimate process of grabbing him by his undamaged hips and helping him shove forward enough
Sherlock peered at the man's lips, looking frustrated before he stood up fully again, apparently having narrowed it down.
"Wow. My mistake. But it does take a long time. Three years sober now for me and I'm only just starting to actually be glad to be away from it," she said,
John wondered but Sherlock looked ecstatic and he didn't bother asking, grabbing for his coat instead. It was midway through April but the nights were
John deduced when Sherlock's slender fingers paused at his neck. He met Sherlock's eyes, wondering what the man was trying to determine. His pounding
Sherlock threw a log into the stove and started the cannibal pot heating. He wasn't stupid enough to forgo eating, not in a place where ten minutes of
a piece of paper, identical to the letter he’d read from Moriarty. John gripped the rope holding him up, bolstering himself for the drivel he was about to
his hearing return he felt a strange pang in his chest... something bothered him about it. He wanted to hear John's voice like he wanted to hear his violin
pushed down to sit on the warm concrete before he fainted. It was the only reason in the world he'd let anyone take that body from him. He'd felt for a
Ella folded her hands on her lap, waiting for him to speak. John pretended to look out the window, feeling awkward. Why had he made this emergency
It was time for him to go home, John knew. It was that or start cracking open more of the clothing boxes upstairs and he'd already decided not to move in.
they're more concentrated where they can be seen, becoming less frequent by the sleeves and shirt collar," Sherlock spelled out, pointing over the
Sherlock tried to imagine John putting a muzzle to his lips and pulling the trigger. His teeth would be blown back into his brain. John had carried a Sig
dug his nails into the man's shoulders instead. He slammed his head back one more time as the pressure broke and
Sherlock was clearly drawing the violin bow back and forth over the same strings, paying little attention to the pulsing sound it made, and John sighed,
"They are boring, John. There are just an almost infinite number of boring, meaningless responses a person can give. I get more proof of that daily," he
And because Dr. John Watson was apparently a very tolerant man, he took the phone. James exhaled slowly, relieved. This was the least established part of his plan; how to drag the doctor step by step through his carefully designed murder case, until the man's curiosity and taste for danger took hold. John wandered over to the window, the flip phone enclosed in his hand. Not especially promising.
“Don't wanna use mine; always a chance that my number will be recognized,” James explained. “It's on the website.”
at him; how was Sherlock to fix this when John could so effectively pretend he didn't exist at all? Sherlock scrubbed his hands through his
"I'm looking for a friend. A very specific friend. I'm not just browsing," he explained, glancing through all of the doorways to ensure Sherlock was not
"Not one of my interests, no," he said, glancing out of the window next to him. The day had passed quickly, and it was already dark. John would wake up to
Sherlock scowled at his food as it arrived but this was an emotional quandary, his mind would be of barely any use at all. John quieted, eating his meal
At the moment, John was learning colours. Sherlock could barely stand to watch him without wincing, even as he knew that if he made any comment John would
"Maps?" he mused aloud, trying to come up with the possibilities, to narrow them down. She was sitting by a stack of papers she kept referencing as she
"That's useless. Irrelevant. I introduced John as my friend and he refused it – he wasn't scared of the idea, no, he's introduced
cowardly way out but it served its purpose. Mrs. Hudson eyed him knowingly and John swallowed and cleared his throat.
"Well then I'd be soaking wet too, wouldn't I?" Sherlock snarled, impatient too now. They had to look at that damn body. John was done with it.
"You're missing the obvious, mate," he pointed out and Sherlock stopped slamming laptop lids shut to stand up and face him.
“It’s something one of the characters said. Something I’ve been finding to be fairly accurate. He says, live with a man 40 years. Share his house, his
; he knew himself better than that. He walked to the park and wanted to visit Sherlock's grave but the man wasn't buried yet. It was just as well; he
left behind, because he couldn't face people asking him questions and needing him to smile or talk like a semi capable being.
closed his eyes, remembering the thought he’d had in his drug-addled state just that morning, hoping to go home to his couch. He didn’t have a couch,
"Why not?" he whispered and Gladstone lifted his head, his ears twitching. Sherlock stepped away from the stove, expecting to be bitten, but the dog simply
"He'll have the cashew chicken. I'll have the miso soup, please," Sherlock ordered, holding up their menus. The woman glanced between the two of them,
“You bloody bastard,” he hissed between his teeth, and pushed himself up to lead the way toward Scotland Yard.
man's face. "His mind will rip itself apart like an engine without work. A beautiful metaphor, really."
Sherlock had chosen him, over his cases and the work and his brain. Harry would have found it romantic. John found it sickening. Sherlock loved him and he couldn't help but see how palpably
Bucket first, next time. John sank back down against the bathroom wall. He was too smart to try and rearrange the bucket now, so far down in the tub. He'd
The black lead dog lay down by the stove and crunched through his fish, sending tiny shards of ice skittering over the floor.
the man, getting his hand free as quickly as possible to reach for his gun. He didn't have long; his limbs were already feeling slow.
"Mrs. Hudson hasn't spoken to him in months so she had no information. Gre- er- Inspector Lestrade spoke to Sarah -"
differently? Would Sherlock have talked to him, reached down to touch him, waited to proposition him later? Would Sherlock have rejected him again,
one mentioned the partner's suicide that started the whole thing. A strange etiquette John was absurdly grateful for.
inhaled, flooding his nose with scents and the last of the cocaine. There was human urine and old sweat nearby but he could ignore it perfectly.
he could feel it. It'd been bothering him all day as he'd followed behind Sherlock, trying to be useful as the man searched for clues. They hadn't found
"-Bank -England. -Tower -London. -P-E-N-T-O-N-V-I-L-L-E. -Our -country; -three -place -most -secure. -Six weeks ago -M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y -enter. -No idea
sooner, when it still looked like him. Something twisted in his chest at the thought. Sherlock tried to shake the feeling away. He had to focus. Perhaps
anything, at least as far as John had seen and Sherlock was too quiet now for a genius with nothing to think about.
The paparazzi were waiting for him outside. John had barely gotten the door to 221 Baker Street cracked open before the cameras started flashing. John
Sherlock watched John’s breathing slow, not any less shallow as he slipped back into sleep. Pneumonia, anemia from extreme protracted bloodloss, two
John looked older. Wrinkles had carved their way around his lips and eyes where they hadn't been before. He'd lost weight and gained muscle, though it was
John wanted to ask but he knew why. Sherlock was here to get his friend back, the last puzzle piece to put 221B back to the way it'd been.
to cover his eyes – probable. That was the only other thing he'd seen John do with a book. The pillow dent attested to it too – John had fallen asleep on
"It's obvious isn't it? He's changed his mind. He wasn't your friend last time you said it, but he is now."
comprehensive study on how often it slowed him down and to what degree vs. how much faster he thought without the auditory distractions which were so
"Gladstone heel," John ordered firmly, his gaze stretching out over the white tundra to where the bear's footprints disappeared, swept away by moving snow.
tree. An odd level of spatial memory for a common idiot but then, Sherlock noted, there was nothing else out here to do with one's brain, even a vacuous
something actually useful and get. me. my. release. form," Sherlock snarled, before leaning back and closing his eyes, apparently deciding he was, at last
"Sorry, what?" Sherlock replied dumbly, still looking baffled. John shrugged, beating his ax into the notch he'd made.
“Greg!” Lestrade exclaimed, exasperation heavy in his voice and Sherlock grinned. He was joking, clearly; he'd either never learn Lestrade's name or he'd learn it accurately but he'd never guess
“I could have taken you with me. Moriarty would have believed me capable of it, killing you just so no one else could have you. I did not think you’d come
suggested, offering Sherlock the axe handle. Sherlock took it, his blue eyes darting over John's face.
Sherlock rubbed his hands in front of his mouth, his eyes glowing with energy. "So, clearly he believes I'm a drug addict and no serious threat. And, of
John turned at the base of the steps, unwilling to walk away from her. She was Mrs. Hudson; the closest thing to a mother Sherlock had ever had. Sherlock
skull vibrate with sound and hear nothing but the chronic ringing. He could hear himself in his own skull – his auditory nerve was intact. That, at least,
"Ha!" Sherlock laughed aloud. Now to find Ms. Ager – likely the new Mrs. Hoyleden now. Sherlock had crowed with joy when John had called the bank and
up and she leaned toward him. Sherlock stood up, moving to look out of the window again. John hesitated, uncertain, but Harry's hopeful expression won him
John was awake when Mike came in this time. He tried to hobble away despite telling himself to be docile and the man simply grabbed him by the hair like it
disrupted the kiss. Sherlock beamed, his smile stretching hugely across his face and John pulled him down to kiss him again.
"-Help -how?" John signed warily, even as he heard the door downstairs slam. He ignored his question to ask the more pertinent.
"-He -come -back," John signed. Pronouns didn't have gender in their sign language. It was intolerable. She? He? It? Lestrade, Mycroft, Anderson, Molly,
A year of mourning. He didn’t want to deal with that either. John pushed his arm back into its restraints, relieving his throbbing shoulder.
This was the last place he ever expected to come back to, but John may have wanted to die here. It was an arrogant thought, he knew that, but it seemed likely all
John heard Sherlock step into the kitchen and ran his hands down his face, trying to school them into something approaching dignified.
"Yes, Sherlock, stick it to my face," he ordered like they were halfway through a gunfight and Sherlock obeyed. John laughed, sitting back. It was a good
before him. John followed the man inside, shoving the mystery envelope into his pocket as he went.
shook his head at the insanity that was life with Sherlock Holmes and started down the stairs toward Mrs. Hudson's flat. His rent was probably due,
"I'll have the -er.. pasta with lemon and wine sauce, please," John ordered. The waiter nodded quickly, clearly slipping back into the established routine
board. John pulled his arm out of its sling to grab the pills, swallowed them both at once, and closed his eyes again.
Sherlock focused only on John's face when he lip read but somehow it didn't feel the same as it had just four days before. The man looked so damn
Magnussen. He had to check the letters. He ducked into a Wi-Fi cafe with his laptop and pulled up the GPS tracking map. The letters were exactly as they'd
"Jesus, Sherlock," John breathed, the conclusion sinking in. Was there any stronger way for Sherlock to declare that this was no longer their home?
"Germany, Sweden, Cuba. Beirut for a short time. It was paperwork and legal papers, the worst of cases. But the network is dismantled; it's money stripped
Still, Sherlock had barely moved a foot away from the banker before the paparazzi swarmed, pressing closer and snapping pictures until John felt himself
John threw back his covers, revealing half of the bed and closed his eye again. Apparently, yes. Sherlock accepted the quiet invitation and pulled himself
"I'll send a text in the cab," Sherlock said, guessing Lestrade was hollering about keeping everyone informed again. Still, he had to do it – he'd need the
"If Moriarty wanted the jewels, he'd have them. If he wanted those prisoners free, they'd be out on the streets. The only reason he's still in prison right
"Why them?" Greg asked, appearing beside Sherlock and blocking the door. Greg glanced away from the toilet immediately and his eyes locked on the mirror.
"Hello, this is Detective Constable Darrell Hopkins. If you remember I was on the case concerning your husband Sebastian?" John tried, reading off the name on the case
“I like company when I go out and I think better when I talk aloud. The skull just attracts attention. So…”
She hurried off, presumably to go warn the entire museum staff that Sherlock Holmes was deaf and that they were to pretend that they had known that truth
something, making up John," she said. John tipped his head back to stare at the ceiling but not before he saw Sherlock's face light up with delight at the
"I'm backwards, arn't I? I'm supposed to kiss you first," Sherlock said, speaking more rapidly. He released John's hair, shifting as if to leave, and John
looked into the embezzlers themselves, and for each organization found that a person willing to steal from a charity to fund a secretive employer
told us that. So Moriarty's man only had forty five minutes to get John captured, transported, tied down, and woken up before 8:00 AM or we'd only have
It was gone in only a moment and John sighed, exhausted again. Gladstone glanced at him, his lips twitching over his canines. John pulled off his parka and
Sherlock uncovered the dogfood pile while John unhitched the dogs and chained them to the willow trees. Sherlock fed them each and helped John drag the
He breathed in and released it softly, doing his best to keep his body relaxed, still sleeping. The longer they thought he was unconscious, the more
John wondered before guessing that the man had deduced it a year before. This is just for practice, he reminded himself. Sherlock hadn't suddenly switched
started scraping down the flesh with a sharp blade. The flesh looked thin and papery beneath the blade, but John never damaged it. He moved with the surety
around the corner from where he slept, how quickly he could move despite his injuries and the cough that wouldn't go away. His teeth hurt constantly.
John froze. Mycroft was definitely not being the first to hear him say that one. John pulled the door open.
up the scraping sled's momentum until they were running in steady bounds. Sherlock's pride rose, feeling with wind pick up against his face. "Gee!"
too hungry and too pale. John doubted he looked any better himself. They'd gone through too much in the last year, John thought. It was time for some
“And why would that matter to you?” Sherlock asked, his emphasis on ‘to you’ making John’s teeth clench together.
John thought, logging that away for a future time. For now, he closed the door behind them - one never knew when Mycroft was watching - and drew down the
Damn it, he should do this later. John pushed himself across the floor and pulled the handle out to start the water flowing.
belongings were everywhere here. He couldn't move them. He let his face fall into his hands but he couldn't cry. Shock, probably. He didn't want it to
Sherlock couldn't solve the crime variant where a ‘random masked man drugs a citizen, dumps him in his own car, and kills him’. He needed 'Rache' scratched
"Get up. I'm gonna put you two in a taxi. Managed to square thing with the uniforms on duty out here."
himself. He relished the idea of anything new to see in this frozen place. He lit the kerosene lamp and hung it from its nail on the ridgepole, casting
even an average brain gets bored, wanders, the song sounds sappy and contentless. The composer mixes in more discordant sounds, even as they are less
what Sherlock did, Johnny boy, I was always going to torture you. I gave him options to see what he'd do, see if he was interesting, see if he was like me. Between you
This was his chance to win John back, he knew it. Something like their old friendship, more careful than the one before. He could do that. If he could just
John Watson, the most resilient man Sherlock had ever met. And he’d lost him by caring more about keeping the man alive than keeping him happy. Sherlock
"Oh, well, like he ever is!" the woman joked, heading back toward the bedroom. She knew about Sherlock's peculiar bathing habits. Of course she did.
Wherever Sherlock was, he was fighting through the whole damn thing like a giant puzzle to unravel, when he could just cut his way through.
tools by the door, his hand finding it easily, and started scraping at the caribou hide, ripping the last of the muscle and sinew from the skin.
“Oooh, trouble up here, is there?” Mrs. Hudson cooed, coming inside not long after, pushing open the living room door as if it weren't before five thirty
their enjoyment of it. Sherlock pouted and the helicopter engine started up. Mycroft waved, smirking and Sherlock turned away.
chair, but that was little to lose, if it meant he and Sherlock were beginning to function again.
"I don't want to make you miserable," John said, feeling his shoulders fall with the revelation. Sherlock frowned, visibly baffled.
How many times had he wanted Sherlock to make a move, only to walk out of the room to avoid the temptation? He’d thought it was because he’d wanted to
"Oh Christ!" he shouted, shoving the package onto the stove to get it out of his hands. He switched off the stove quickly and backed away from the crawling
"And what case could possibly justify this?" he asked softly, his smugness finally falling away. He looked tragically disappointed for a moment. For the
The officers went quiet and Lestrade winced, picking up his phone to order another pile of pizza boxes.
John stared at the man, unable to respond. What kind of madness did it take, to torture a man and feel so unaltered?
Sherlock shrugged, apparently dismissing his career, homophobes and bad press all together. He tossed the hat onto the coffee table and slumped into his
The word hung between them. John swallowed. He could leave. He wanted to leave. He owed nothing to Sherlock Holmes.
he thought, uncertain. He should have investigated Colonel Moran’s death, should have followed up on the other murders.
cupping it out of the stove water with his hand, and let the bloody water drip onto the floor as he walked to the slop pot beside the door. He squeezed the
"Really?" John asked. He settled into his chair with his laptop, prepared to spend the evening job hunting. His interview hadn't felt promising. He'd been
"We have to check the fish cache today," he muttered. Sherlock nodded. "You do not have snow shoes," he added, knowing Sherlock would understand that meant
under, kept on oxygen. His lungs felt stiff, damaged. Pneumonia, probably. He’d ripped out his I.V and its machine was screaming.
Sherlock looked oddly pleased by him, like he was proud by association. Donovan glanced between them, her expression lightening.
John blinked, processing his question. James waited for a prideful outburst but John only paused, his lips forming the word 'who' before he rethought asking. Reconsidered…why? Probably irrelevant. Mycroft scared off most candidates. It was quite intentional. No surprise John didn't ask about him now.
"Dull," he complained but John heard the sink run water into their kettle and he sat back, smiling. He brought the packet back onto his lap and had to sit
"What, you're learning sign language, then?" Lestrade asked, glancing between the two of them. Sherlock smirked, though it wasn't clear how much he
he confirmed though Sherlock was fairly good about only putting clean instruments away. The man stared at the ceiling for long enough that John was glad
Sherlock could not have both. Sherlock pulled the door open for him. John walked past him. Sherlock wondered how long he could wait in this stagnant place.
forth. Sherlock was still watching him, his mind too focused to play. John sagged, knowing Sherlock would see his answer as soon as he turned around. Would
old. A large collection of soap that from the smell of the kitchen tools and bedding was used for everything in the little home.
and threw himself down into his chair. Of course. John switched the T.V's captioning on; he'd gotten good at that since he'd moved in. Sherlock started to
muscles and couldn’t twist at all. He slid himself around on his seat by his feet until he was sitting toward the sidewalk and waited. Sherlock's eyes
"Why are you here? Why didn't you forget me?" Sherlock pressed, leaning down to thrust his face into John's personal space. John stepped back and Sherlock
had known bringing up Harry would hurt and he'd done it intentionally – but John hadn't mentioned that at all. He'd shouted about whether or not Sherlock
John forced himself to stop signing. Well, hell. He wasn't even that angry. And now he'd trapped himself. Now the man would hide in his shell and say
He couldn't move in. They both knew that. He just couldn't be sitting on Sherlock's floor, naked again. He'd had every shred of pride peeled from him. It
something without any obvious explanation. In those cracks between legal lobbying and petty blackmail, he'd find Magnussen.
"Are you always this quiet?" the man asked him finally. John thought about it. He'd already decided he wasn't stupid enough to lie to his torturer about
Sherlock sat on the cot, unsure where else to go. He ate the fresh, fatty meat, unsure what else to do. It tasted rather like rabbit, but its meat was
Sherlock deleted the text, unconcerned. Mycroft had more than earned that when he’d sold their information to a terrorist. His phone gasped again; another
unflappable as always. There was a slight deepening in the wrinkles around John's mouth and forehead – an indication that he was bothered but not much of
He was thinking about going back. John shoved the slop bucket in too quickly, splashing water up over his fingers that burned like acid.
"I need rules, John," Sherlock growled. John looked up from where he was opening the electric bill left on his desk.
man, suffered increased anxiety, panic attacks, and nightmares, and nothing got him into Ella's room before he said goodbye to Sherlock Holmes.
laboratory, that was clearly true. No, John had never been one of his lovestruck fans. So, the second secret then; some physical evidence that John could
Antibiotics, painkillers, antiseptic wipes, sterile eye cups, eye wash, jell burn dressings, exam gloves, scissors, scalpels, needles, thread, splints, and
imprisoned. You will be exonerated. Restored to your smelly little apartment to solve crimes with your catatonic not-yet-boyfriend."
tapped his shoulder, lifting the skull to clarify his question and Sherlock waved a hand at him casually.
Sherlock glanced down at himself. He was in a clean hospital gown. No further information. Mycroft was sitting by the window, holding his umbrella out in
Molly greeted John with a tense smile when he opened the morgue door. She glared behind him, presumably at Sherlock, and held out a tiny plastic cup
Did it much matter? A foolish, hopeful little part of him asked; he'd take anything Sherlock would give him, wouldn't he?
into the floor, a damn cellphone password that made no sense at all. And Sherlock could still never give the police a 100% solved case rate, because there
and keep him eating. But over months? Harry couldn’t keep a goldfish alive. She’d tried three times. The last time he’d visited her cat’s liter box was so
"-No, -no. -I ask you -future," John replied and Sherlock nodded, apparently utterly unperturbed by the idea that John hadn't already memorized the entire
Mrs. Hudson arrived that afternoon, walking through the open door with a basket piled high with tupperware of baked goods. Her face fell at the sight of
and waited, by all appearances willing to stand there forever. He knew they were picking up a body, Sally realized, wincing. They had not gotten another
John dragged himself out of bed the next morning, when his body refused to get back to sleep despite his brain half begging for it. And thank
Sherlock thought, glancing over the ancient crime scene. It was just an alley now. He needed to sweep around,
he stayed quiet. John turned to see a screen playing a slideshow of Mike's photo stream. Picture after picture, like a flipbook, all chronologically
this flat. One month, and Sherlock had gotten on drugs and started whatever he was doing with this woman. So why the hell was John making her coffee?
shoulder. But apparently this man owned him and Sherlock all the same. Surely a power play was overkill. "Well, it is now," the man added needlessly,
didn't crack between his clenched jaws. He wet himself down, sitting on the hair-covered tile, and soaped up his hair, ignoring how it was barely damp at
John thought, glancing over the pile of books, pens, newspaper pages, notebooks, and the shards of what
elderly with no grown children and the homeless. Sherlock knew only too well what John’s corpse would look like after four days. His stomach rolled. John’s
“She’s his sister,” Lestrade replied and John felt his heart sink. The last thing he wanted to do was deal with Harry.
videos, memorizing two syntax texts and spending a night carefully weaving it all together into a language he could think in. He'd do that to hear
They stepped out of the cab car onto the kerb of a fairly well-lit but dingy section of the city. Lestrade was waiting at the front of a brick row home,
"I've always been one for contingency plans. Your lover never really got that, did he? That was his weakness, he always wanted it to be so damn
, he didn't have time. If John was dead it was all irrelevant anyway. If not, he needed to be found. Sherlock slammed through the doors.
position to be brushing aside due diligence in a case including prolonged torture and a homicide. Multiple homicides. He’d killed that guy in the ally,
The opiates kept him floating above the pain. His head felt heavy when they kicked in, and he knew from experience not to fight it. He let his head drop
Fuck that. He wanted to. He followed after John, who was currently slipping outside. He'd said…something. Sherlock had missed it. It probably didn't
strictly with the temperature and humidity outside. He could tell the external conditions to a degree of precision, though he had to mentally convert the
"Maybe," he agreed. John swallowed, wondering where they were going to go with that. Nowhere, from the sound of it, nowhere yet. But what did that mean for
practice, allowing the man his space. Sherlock said nothing in return but to correct his signs and John ate his dinner, wishing the man would get over it.
"Jesus, personal space" the man cursed, backing up again as Sherlock searched his face for an answer.
was like cocaine, but without the inevitable blurriness. Sherlock pushed his face into John's shoulder, breathing in the smell of his hair, feeling his
Sherlock smirked and turned away, trying to ignore the question. Leave John? Let him heal alone? Sherlock wasn’t sure he knew how. Did that make him a
"And at least two hours old," Sherlock stated, grateful now for the days he'd spent in the snow, making markings and watching them change with the shifting
The cop in the corner started taking notes, looking rather awkwardly about at his comrades. A new recruit, and a confused one. Sherlock glanced at the
instead. He heard phlegm rise up in his throat, the cough becoming only too real. That wasn’t good.
"No?" he repeated and leaned back in his seat. "Oh, so I am me, like I thought," he said, looking quite pleased with himself. John scoffed out a laugh,
kiss Molly's cheek the Christmas before and that had only happened after the horrid awkward moment from hell.
“Good thought,” he replied and Sherlock nodded back. Sherlock peeled the takeaway cartons open and pulled two plastic forks out of the bag. Grateful again
"So, if I should have seen it coming, that you're such a brilliant asshole you'd never let yourself get used, why stop? Why tell me now?" Janine asked,
"Yeah, but it's a bitch to get to," Sherlock replied, his eyes twinkling in humour. John choked on his drink and sprayed beer into his lap. He looked up to
John watched the English countryside fly by below, unable to remember any landmarks that'd tell him if they were nearing their letters' catacombs. Judging
Sound burst into Sherlock's right ear and ricocheted over the sparse hills nearby. The dogs went wild barking. John had taken his shot.
"He'll probably be easy to startle for awhile," she told him softly, like she was trying to be easy on his feelings too. John ran a hand down his face.
No. He’d seen Sherlock’s derision toward any romantic feeling. He did not need that focused on him. So Sherlock would always have died, not knowing.
re-described, as if he'd never seen it, resort the information to see if something different shook out, but he couldn't with John speaking with his hands.
John walked into Scotland Yard and headed past the secretary's desk to the lifts. The woman nodded at them, long past needing ID and John stepped past a
"-If -museum -invite -us, -he -want -we -go -why?" Sherlock asked finally, looking affronted at the ill-use of logic.
"What?" Sherlock asked and John ignored that too. He had work to do. It wasn't his problem if Sherlock loved that scarf.
more fight left for them. Sherlock glanced up at the man, a tiny, almost imperceptible motion that proved there was still a man alive inside that frozen
"You should not rely on technology that actually manages to be slower than a baboon at a register – which I accept is the best we'd possibly get at your
explain, because in the end I was always going to win. Do you see it now? I rather doubt it. I'll spell it out for you. It didn't matter
John approached Sherlock cautiously. The man had stopped pacing to stare out the window, frustrated and tense. Not a good mood to bother him, usually, but
"Yes. And it was important. A fact that did not clutter up Donovan's vacuous excuse for a brain. She said I had
nothing but a genius and a madman in John's eyes, but that was better than pining and useless. Sherlock pressed his nostrils together and sniffed again,
in the middle of the mess, dodging her missiles with remarkable skill. He was fully dressed in his creased black slacks and gray shirt, unbuttoned at the
pile of what had to be multiple blocks of paper covering the floor in front of their printer. The printer itself was blinking out its 'no ink' indicator
“-This -solution? -I -think -you -dead? -You -come -back -when? -You -plan - I -mourn -how -long?” John asked. Sherlock stared at him, uncertain what to
"-You -know, -he -on -death -bed, -die -soon. -Son -play -piano, -his -piece. -Bach -listen, -listen, -listen. -Before -piece -end, -boy -stop, -"
"Naluagmiu," he laughed, his mouth gaping. He had few teeth left and they weren't lined up. He'd have to live on minced meat and fish out here.
"If you were anything near this kind of thing again, you could have called, you could have talked to me," he said instead, his voice low and urgent.
better to tell him than 'I like looking at your thighs'. "I'll need someone to track the letters. And, if the GPS cuts out, to check it out," he realized.
threw up his hands suddenly, his face contorting with rage. “Yes, I faked my death. Clearly, you mourned. Is that better than dead? I’m back and we’re both
"Well, you do now," Mrs. Hudson answered, smiling at him fondly and starting back toward the kitchen. "Oh, and there's a letter for you, dear," she added
“You’re welcome,” she said, so he would look away, and pushed herself up to reach her phone. She wasn’t safe to drive, there was no doubt of that. She’d
Sherlock sat down on the couch, his fingers pitched before his mouth, posed like he was moments from solving a case. John and Mrs. Hudson watched him,
flat, both standing by Sherlock. "-what happen?" he asked before he thought to speak. Greg and Donovan both looked at him askance.
Finally, the cab pulled up to 221 B Baker Street, the residential building as quiet and unremarkable as ever. Or, at least, in John's eyes. Sherlock
Tessa had come in. John shifted uncomfortably. Where was this going? Who was threatened? Him? His family? Mrs. Hudson again?
said, turning back to his microscope only to apparently remember that he couldn't get John's response that way. He leaned away from it again and refocused
“We should grab a pint, after you recover,” Greg offered. John nodded cautiously. He’d wanted nothing to do with that while Sherlock was dead. Now?
"Also… your loss would break my heart," he pronounced. Sherlock choked on his cigarette and coughed, painfully struggling at air. What the
Janine had worked her way into Sherlock's life, meeting his family and rearranging his home. She was probably the reason for the missing chair. He heard
There weren’t many options. And all of these assassins were dead. Each by a crackshot who’d never been investigated. Mycroft’s doing, Sherlock had
“You bastard,” he said. Referring to his false suicide or something more immediate? Sherlock frowned, uncertain, and Lestrade shook his head again. “You
plan to catch him. And he'd jumped. The dogs cruised to a stop in front of his first trap, their tails and
at him but didn't comment as he got up and rushed for his coat. His kit would have to get put away later, John decided, sighing as he moved after the man,
Sherlock glanced out at the open tundra, softly spotted with dormant shrubs and drifted snow. The silence made his ears ring, his brain playing tricks on
"Side table," Sherlock murmured without looking up from his buttons. John picked up the toast the man had left for him. Cold, now - Sherlock had estimated
a very crotchety Sherlock Holmes who utterly refused any more food or drink than that which would sustain him.
turned. For a moment he imagined Sherlock stepping out, having performed some insane scramble over their roof to prove a point. But a woman opened the door
"-Me too," he said. "-but -say '-case -finish, -come -home," Sherlock corrected. John nodded before glancing at his cooling food.
"You lied to me. You lied and lied," she said and this time, she sounded hurt. Sherlock smile faded somewhat, faced with that. He ran his hand over the
"Another hour," the guard replied. John blew out a breath, knowing what that meant. Waiting in more of their damned endless silence.
the growing tension, the building need. He felt Sherlock's soft lips against his own, the man's stubble beneath his palm, and smiled, not caring that he
"No.. Erm." John cleared his throat. "I should get back. Go… get fired," he said and Sherlock smiled in good humor. "Tonight," John agreed and finally
"Yes, she rediscovered the P vs. NP problem. Forgot about me for some twelve hours. After that Mycroft insisted on a full time Nanny," Sherlock replied,
himself reading an article about the Hickman Gallery’s scandal in housing a forged Vermeer painting, discovered to the great credit of Detective Inspector
John pulled the box into his arms, unsurprised to see it had no shipping addresses nor note. A threat then. Made especially peculiar by the high number of
case of beer. He found the bottles safe in their cabinet, and grabbed an open bottle of brandy. They were both too drunk to bother with glasses. "Okay,
"Sociopaths don't care about people. He was out of his mind, trying to find you. He wouldn't eat or drink if you didn't put it in front of him, and every
"Whatever you just said, likely yes," Sherlock growled. John grabbed Sherlock's shoulder and pulled him out of the way of his vision. Sherlock let him,
He'd never really thought of John as particularly smart, he thought, tilting his head at the scene John was painting of his university peers. John was
John moved from pile to pile, collecting them all on the coffee table, keeping them in the order Sherlock had subtly placed them in. Data on every topic
eyes softened and she walked around them both to go on her way. Sherlock, meanwhile, was grinning like a lunatic. Appropriate, considering how that night
"You'll find no vaults here. You'll go to jail and I know men who will ensure you're never paroled," Magnussen tried again and this time John smirked.
stripped from him? He looked down at his hands, thinking he'd quietly become a worse person without anyone noticing, when Lestrade had hoped so much that
did. Sherlock readied himself to say 'obvious', as John always liked to hear, but John simply closed his mouth and ran a hand over the soft bear pelt
John closed his eyes and rested his head back on the stone. He felt like a madman, clinging onto a useless hope. He wished he'd taken both photos from the
"-Easy -boring," Sherlock replied, trying to figure out what could be pleasurable about something that had no content. John shrugged again.
“Tell me another one,” Harry ordered. John pretended he’d already slipped into sleep. For once, Sherlock didn’t inform the room of his dishonesty.
Sherlock pulled his hands through his hair. There was a time limit, based in how long John's faith in him would hold out against all evidence, and he had
been before. His skin was crawling. He wanted a gun in his hand. He wanted to feel the strength of a wall behind him, not to be stuck as he was, jutting
"Well, I'm sure it's difficult news to bear," she said kindly, glancing around his shoulder at Sherlock's room.
steady. John would survive either way, Sherlock thought. He'd set traps and eat the winter cache and live exactly as he had before, believing his friend
-Home. -Work. -Store. -Church. -Come. -Go," John replied, nodding firmly at Sherlock's disgusted snarl. "Yup, I really am that stupid," he said aloud, but
"-Because -I -pathetic. -Everyone -else -seems -boring -and -I -fucking -need -life -not -boring," John said as rapidly as he could, mangling the signs. He
occasionally but it was rare – a waiter with that habit would go home with pockets full to the brim, unlikely then. It'd been opened, so she wasn't giving
"Not a brown bear?" Sherlock asked, interested by John's certainty. John shook his head, his mouth pinching with worry.
around, theorizing desperately about the victim's injuries and possible location - the picture of John's supine tortured body on the screen behind him.
“I had no evidence that John would become suicidal at my death, nor concrete evidence that it was my death that caused it, if he has killed himself. I can
tape in and let it play, pretending he was doing something useful before Sherlock exploded. The man was barely able to stay sitting down. The case had
"That's good to hear," the man said simply. This wasn't going well. "Captain Watson; you know your shoulder damage was severe. You are not cleared for
"Man," Sherlock corrected, not bothering to reply to the rest of the statement, as equally false as it was. He’d never told John there were assassins after
"-His -paintings -something -about -building -houses -sorry -I -did -not -understand -him -you -say public?" John replied. Sherlock nodded again and John
and pressed his needle into the clean-shaven neck. Moran grunted and started to fight but the tranquilizer did its job. John caught the body as it fell and
lie? That was only wasting time. The assassins were irrelevant now; this was Moriarty's final play.
he's no sociopath," she said. John nodded, trying not to imagine it. He'd wondered what Sherlock had gone through. Now he didn't want to know.
That was incredible. He was in a relationship with a man. A healthy one, when he could never have said that about his life with Sherlock before.
John pressed his fingers against his mouth, struggling not to start. Everything. Sherlock was everything. He gazed around the room blankly. Sherlock's
"Do you?" he asked, doubting him. Mycroft wanted control over the world. He didn't have control over Magnussen. Unless…
identify. The source of the hollow fur, he noted, watching it break off in the breeze and scatter over the snow. His feet sunk low into the snow beneath
"-She -say -P-S-Y-C-H-O-T-I-C, -sorry, -Christ, -that word -long. -She -need -find -more -short -insult," John translated before switching his attention to
John's eyes would be eaten out by now, depending on where he’d killed himself. If it weren’t for the woman’s idiocy Sherlock could have seen the corpse
"N-no," she replied, like that should be obvious. Good, that fit with most evidence – it was fine to say 'I don't have friends' generally.
“I never lied to you,” Sherlock protested, pulling his violin off of his chair and flopping onto the couch.
kinder to leave it as it'd been, only a few moments before he apologized. Let John think they had no further connection, until the man left. And there,
"Oh! You can't take them out of here!" she called and John blinked, glancing at the open file drawers. Right. Of course. Government property, evidence
ever been honest with me. If it hadn’t been for your exalted ego deciding nothing but your bloody cleverness could get us out of that situation. I was
the torturer looked up, stilling his pen where he was tracking the words, "that's in italics," he clarified.
"You were never going back," he pressed, confused. John shrugged, a rather self deprecating smile on his face.
"I'll be meeting him in three hours. I need a bath," he said, starting across the room. He hesitated by the door to the bathroom and looked back, something
But would he have survived, finding the remaining pieces of John's skull to vacuum up out of the couch, in the draperies, after the cop's had gone? One
Sherlock commented, occupied in digging his laptop out from where it'd fallen. John moved to lean on Sherlock's desk, watching him.
That was still a possibility, Sherlock thought, eyeing the closed door. He had no illusions about John's skills – if the man wanted him dead, he'd be dead.
"So assuming Janine has gotten to the letters first…" John followed and Sherlock snapped the laptop closed again.
thrown it there for some reason or someone had fallen asleep with it over their eyes on the couch. John didn't read on the couch – he preferred the chair
"I loved you!" John shouted, throwing the blade into the snow and standing up. "You were brilliant and excited about the world and you brought me back into
around them carefully, walking towards what really mattered; the display of information on Moriarty taped up behind the couch.
Without the ice to travel on, the river carving their path, there was no way to get to town. They were stuck. Sherlock had stayed.
when he'd tried to crack a frozen whalebone. Sherlock's eyes widened and John reveled in it, fury whipping through him.
There'd always be a burning nail at his back. John felt like he was collapsing, realizing what drugging Mycroft would do to him. He'd be running from that
Hudson called and he turned around, looking guiltily at his untouched plate. "I do hope you and Sherlock get back together. No one makes him laugh like you
faced. The fiasco that was Kitty Riley. Ella put her notebook aside and faced him again, her eyes sharp.
"-You," damn it. Stupid symbols. He mocked playing again and added the sign for 'yesterday', touching his cheek and throwing his finger over his shoulder.
died to it was hardly relevant to me," Sherlock replied. John leaned back when a server came with their food. He'd always thought Mycroft came off as
he cursed, though he knew Sherlock would have caught wind of it eventually. They'd barely been able to walk into a room without someone wondering aloud why
beam showed where someone had begun to saw through it, only to stop and change their mind – an inexperienced carpenter or a sudden change of design? Snow
spread across the world, their enemies handed their names, prison numbers, descriptions. They wouldn't last for long. No - John would, even with his
"No, thank you," he answered, deciding not to flash the damaged plastic around his hands any more than he had to.
“So, you die, I’m tortured, you race to find me, I shoot the bloke, you apologize and nurse me back to health?” John listed. Sherlock nodded slowly,
"Yeah, that. That," Sherlock agreed and followed their client from the room. John accompanied them, hating the whole arrangement. They got into a taxi with
"How to resist the temptation to scratch their behinds," Sherlock clarified without looking away from the stiff, silent guards. Small talk, John
you have to believe, I'm so happy for you, I really am -" Sarah inhaled like she'd forgotten to. "You're not a good employee, when you're his friend." She
a bucket, and the slop pail from the front of the house. Sherlock hesitated, unsure of his welcome, and John yanked the door open and pushed his way into
“My dearest apologies, John,” Mycroft said softly. John stood, preparing to show the man out the door. Mycroft stood his ground. John crossed his arms,
out the line of thought. John wanted him to approve of him, seemed to light up whenever Sherlock smiled; he'd known that since the first day. John had
“The hall,” John said and Sherlock moved for him. “Mrs. Peacock, in the hall, with the pipe,” John suggested, unsure what else to say. An hour break; he
Sherlock answered the question by striding up the stairs toward John's bedroom, apparently unconcerned by the issue. John followed quietly. Gladstone's nails clicked up the stairs behind him.
the house, before he dragged it back outside. Sherlock watched out of the window as he tied a rope to its neck and hauled it up into the closest tree.
station. The nurse slid a ziplock holding Sherlock's phone, keys, wallet – complete with nicotine patches hanging too far out the top – and toolkit back at
“Here,” he offered and Sherlock held out his hand in an awkward position by his own upturned face. John smacked the mobile into it.
didn’t answer. It wasn’t like him to leave a topic behind. “There wasn’t much we couldn’t do,” John added, wanting his words to cut the man.
John climbed into the cab, concerned. If the assassins were just waiting for an order they were the same as any other sharpshooter with a target on his
words for a moment but the expression melted off his face unnaturally quickly. An especially clumsy attempt to look sympathetic, then. Sherlock stared at
But at least now they could acknowledge their friendship, the last step in getting as close as they ever would. He couldn't think of anything that would
"You'll ruin your shoulder for good if you fire that gun. You'll never be useful to your precious genius again. And you can't hide behind heroism this
there was only one reason you kept flour and baking powder in the kitchen, the deduction was obvious."
"Why are you here?" Sherlock hissed in that probing way he had of asking questions he'd failed at deducing on his own.
He didn’t know what he was feeling. Half of his brain was taken up with processing just how nauseated the antibiotics were making him. But he dreaded
The meat tasted rancid, even the fancy antibiotic-free labels. It smelled like the dogfood pile in the summer, the year it got too hot and he'd caught too much. John resorted to oatmeal and Sherlock made bread and they ate it watching the street traffic pass below the living room window. John started cleaning and Sherlock joined him without a word.
he was going to go shout abuse at his flatmate for his latest late-night hobby. As pathetic as it made him, he didn't have the heart for it. John flopped
“Yeah, she's downstairs. I tried shouting but she didn't hear,” James lied. Rather impossible for anyone to disprove that.
John closed his eye again, too tired to be angry with the man and not wanting to deal with anything else. Just as he was starting to drift off again, he
"And stay out of my bedroom!" he heard Sherlock shout over the shower, apparently as aware of his thoughts as ever. John paused, unsure whether or not he
He hated this place. Miles and miles of flat, unyielding land. Packed snow and barren frozen trees. There was no data here, at least none that he
He’d been crying. John felt his eyes widen, looking at the tear tracks running down Sherlock’s cheeks, glinting in the sun.
"So do I," he replied easily and John blinked. The underlying point was obvious - how long would they wait, trying not to be broken, before they tried
"I'm not leaving," Sherlock replied, keeping his voice deep. That always helped make John agree with him. John's jaw tightened. He was grinding his teeth
himself breathe through his nose and forced his eyes open. He was fine. "Twenty six quid even," the cabbie announced.
John snuck downstairs but had barely stepped into the kitchen before he heard Sherlock bounding out of his chair.
"It'll be okay," Donovan said meaninglessly. Incanting – the common attempt to make a situation better by stating that it was. Useless.
John's smile faded, worry about the genius's ego seeping in, but Sherlock started to smile. "Case closed. Brilliant," he said, snapping his own laptop shut
"Yes," Sherlock said easily and John shook his head. He opened his eyes to see Sherlock smirking, pleased by his deduction.
Holy shit, he was allowed to kiss Sherlock Holmes. John grinned against Sherlock's lips and moved to kiss him again, pushing until Sherlock shifted in his
John giggled and met his gaze, good humor burning in his eyes. Sherlock grinned, thrilled to be laughing with the man again. They giggled wildly, letting
unintentionally done her a favor, as she never left his side while he had access to them, though what precisely she thought he’d do with them remained
eye again, deciding that this time he was most certainly not making her drinking his problem. He had enough problems, he’d say.
He hadn't forgotten about those. John approached Sherlock's bedroom slowly, trying to think of where he'd hide drugs in the sparse room. Surely Sherlock
'you're awake', 'you're a fake' or 'you're her mistake'. Which given that he'd just woken up in a hospital.. he'd like to believe John hadn't said
Sarah came to kick him out of the surgery every day at midnight, whether it was her shift or not. John walked the city afterward, leaving his gun at home
Sherlock stared at him, his mouth opening and closing like a fish and sat down, collapsing into his thinking pose. Did he always do that after their
"-We -together? -Three weeks ago -up til now -not touch. -List of three; -first, -not kiss, -second, -not fuck, -third, not talk. -We -act -like
“Do you think he will forgive you?” he asked. Sherlock swallowed and stood up, hoping it would encourage the man to leave. Greg nodded, apparently taking
clinic unable to take a real lunch break without anyone to hold down the office. The waiting room was packed with frustrated-looking patients, filling
Lestrade wrote, apparently smart enough to realize not to bother turning the pad around. Sherlock grimaced. He didn't want John involved. Lestrade was
wasn't just about John Watson. It wasn't for her, either, she figured, wanting to collapse to the ground at the thought that they'd arrived only to pick up
"Nothing else prominent here," he said suddenly, standing up and almost knocking into the officers watching the clip with him on the computer. John backed
"Some members of your little fan club, to be polite," Mycroft commented. "They're entirely trustworthy. Even willing to search through the toxic waste dump
on his fingers from dying in the cold. The rest of his body he'd wrapped in John's blankets, the flexible hides of some large dead mammal he couldn't
to show he would. Sure enough, Donovan jerked the door open, wearing only a robe and a towel twisted in her hair.
"What does that mean?" John asked. He shouldn't care. He shouldn't want to be anywhere near a Holmes relative again. That was better; safer.
She led the way to the slow diner across the street, having a feeling she wouldn't be able to convince the genius to go much further.
guessed, humming appreciatively at the smell of bread wafting into the room. He was wearing his pleated trousers and silk shirt again, its collar artfully
"Wet it in the sink," John suggested, pulling himself into the bath and slowly sinking down to sit on his ass as the exhaustion caught up to him. The
and stepped out, wearing just a shirt. Sherlock's shirt, John recognized dumbly, knowing he was staring.
one without needing to leave the flat. Feeling rather desperate for Sherlock to find one, John hid in the kitchen and started microwaving his very
God, that was true. Sherlock snarling, not sleeping, shouting that he didn't have friends just to be left alone. Begging him back, only to be completely
"First of all, get a new phone set to that number; we're going to want to know the instant Sherlock is contacted again," Donovan suggested and Lestrade
"You or the…" Sherlock joked, gesturing vaguely at his face. John snorted, finding that unusually funny for the man and Sherlock laughed along.
"High," he answered finally and John rubbed the back of his neck. What a way to announce his intentions. But then, he'd hardly hoped for a
"God, why did they make you do this one?" John asked, emotion licking at him. He could become furious, about this. He looked up to see Molly shrugging
the clean one and the ice chisel for Sherlock. He strode over to the dogs and ignored their excited barking and jumping, leaning over the right wheel dog
"Okay, so apparently this starts with a letter," the man said, glancing up at him as if to ask 'what the hell?' before refocusing on the paper in his
John frowned, unsure if he should correct her that beneath his little bruises lay thick bandaging protecting a healing skin graft and permanently damaged
“So, I’m supposed to explain to you why being able to make me mourn for a year is damaging to friendship, is that it?” John asked, blinking. Sherlock
scoffed. The nurse reached for the pile of dry bandages she'd placed on the bed. Sherlock's eyes flicked to her and flicked away, apparently unconcerned by
John didn't answer and the Inupiaq stared at Sherlock, taking him in. Sherlock took that as permission to stare back. The man had dog fur in his clothes
John rolled his tongue around his mouth, pressing at the warm areas he could feel bruising. He needed to keep this man talking.
"Proof? What would I need proof for? I'm in news, you moron. I don't have to prove it, I just have to print it."
partner in full or not at all. That shouldn't be difficult, this time. John had already simplified the Janine solution beautifully. He was starting to
"-I -not -really sure. -Assumptions, -probably," John replied, grinning at the word that he knew would raise Sherlock's hackles. And there they were, he
"Not if you won't tell me why," Sherlock grumbled. John went back to his paper, suspecting Sherlock would listen to him.
"Brilliant," Sherlock muttered and Lestrade turned away to sit at the conference table, unable to watch the man anymore. He'd been so certain that Sherlock
and make his sister imagine him sewing a little boy's intestines back together next to a petri dish of shrapnel
"Why?" Sherlock hissed, replacing the kit as he'd found it and striding the six steps across the bare floor to the kitchen he'd exploded the day before.
Sherlock thought, wondering why the man did not skin it there as well. Too few trees to hang it where it'd been killed?
B.S.L dictionary. "Why?" John demanded again, pointing at the rubble at his feet. Sherlock's eyes lit up, like he'd forgotten about it entirely.
Mycroft would have already searched most of them, he knew, but there wasn’t much point in spending time locating a corpse. He had twenty most-likely
John reminded himself. That boundary had been well established between them years before, albeit silently. Most people would think him mad to trust
He threw on his parka and hat and pushed his way outside to start digging out the door. The morning air caught in his face and throat and burned in his
"I prefer partners," he bit out, his lips pinched, though John detected a slight shifting in his eyes, where they darted over his face. Hope, maybe?
and John picked up his plate to bring it to the sink thinking it really would have been best to have not added that last at all.
A list of different animal names. Useless, probably, but John had a feeling Sherlock sorted which words were most valuable by the degree of accessibility
“I shouldn’t drink on paracetamol,” John pointed out. Sherlock nodded, peeling off the foil wrapper.
