Greg whipped his head around and glared at John.  “I’m not so sure.  It’s not what I was told to do.”
“I’m on my way.”  Thoughts racing.
She smiled.  “5 o’clock.  Maybe you should ask John then.  Be seeing you.”  She turned and walked away.  Sherlock watcher her leave.  If she wasn’t going to volunteer any information, there was nothing more to be had from her.
“Our funding doesn’t come from the BIAA, and they fund most digs in Anatolia.  We’re getting our funding from someplace else.  Some ONE else.  Who?  And what do you know about Atlantis?”
“Sherlock, please,” John begged.
Sherlock writhed on the bed. John teased mercilessly. He knew it itched, it tickled and itched and was driving him nuts. Sherlock called out yellow and John risked continuing. He used more pressure, scratching the feathers along Sherlock’s feet.
Curiosity piqued, Sherlock ripped open the inconspicuous opaque white bag.
Since John looked rather crestfallen the counsellor said, “And now that you’re actually married? Does that change anything?”
He took John’s face in his hands and kissed him from across the table.
“You added to it,” John said.
John swung the paddle three times rapidly over Sherlock’s feet. There wasn’t just one hit for Sherlock to adjust to the sensation. Two on the right and one on the left. Sherlock pulled on the restraints around his ankles and arched in surprise. The butt plug shifted. He gasped and moaned. “Three!” He shouted because John had moved up and started paddling Sherlock’s arse.
As soon as Mrs Hudson was out the door Sherlock shut and locked it. He turned just in time to see John crowd him up against the door. John seemed to have grown three times, he was everywhere, his lips on Sherlock’s, his hand rucking up Sherlock’s shirt, his other groping Sherlock’s arse.
Test 2: n:-1.5, s:-4.1, d:0.9
“Fuck,” John gasped.
“Alright?” John asked. He was gritting his teeth. Sherlock could see it was a collocal effort to stay still.
John was mad at him all the way to the lift when, for no discernible reason, he became aroused.
“This is so exciting!” Sherlock said with a gleeful smile.
Sherlock deliberated—should he ask for what he really wanted or should he settle?
The clues led them to a nightclub that didn’t open until nine so Sherlock took John home and tried to have sex with him again.
William looked alarmed. He floundered, his mouth opening and closing.
John figured this would end with Sherlock fucking him. He wasn’t opposed to the idea. He’d been with men before and although he personally preferred to top being a bottom was very enjoyable when done right. And he had no doubts that Sherlock would do him right.
He bounced twice, thrilled and excited. He liked it when John took control. When Captain Watson made an appearance it made him tingle.
“Green! Oh, God, John!” Sherlock whimpered and cried out.
Sherlock reached out for John.
Sherlock smiled brightly and spun in a circle, pulling John along. Joy filled John as he realized Sherlock wasn’t taking the piss. This was real. Sherlock was in love with him. John needed an outlet for the elation he felt. He threw his head back and laughed as they spun.
John held in a sigh. He could tell by the tilt of her words she’d already had more than a few. Thank Christ she wasn’t slurring yet, she might remember what he had to say.
“Last one, last minute, Sherlock. Ask me.”
John started giggling. “Like I can take you seriously! You look just like you did when we first met. What are you, twelve?”
Of course, the antibiotics had to be taken with food so they had to stop to eat. They had to be taken at the same time every day so John set an alarm on his mobile.
Sherlock smiled. He got his mobile out and texted Lestrade:
“This isn’t working!” Sherlock snapped when he slid out and nearly slid into John’s hole.
The worry that they’d be caught by some passerby excited John. The fact that they might get caught by Lestrade lit up that part of his mind that loved danger.
Soon the man was sitting on a prick while the captain was sucking his dick and he was sucking the major’s.
“He was in the military, he’s having trouble getting a job now that he’s been invalided out, probably because of his psychosomatic limp. He’s trained to… be a doctor? Yes, a surgeon. But the tremble in your dominant hand makes that impossible now. You were shot somewhere, arm? No, shoulder. And even though that tremble comes and goes it’s not entirely psychosomatic.”
He opened the door and looked for bruises on Sherlock’s naked body.
He was paying attention though and he was frozen. That wasn’t a bill. Oh, no. Only one thing came in a bright orange envelope.
Happy Early Valentine’s Day. Enjoy!
Sherlock smirked. “Wouldn’t work.”
“When’s he coming back?”
“Is this your revenge?” Sherlock asked. He found himself half hard already. If John ended it now he’d have to have a wank.
“Shit,” John said, realizing that he’d attacked his lover. He crawled off Sherlock quickly, down and away to the foot of the bed. He turned away, swinging his legs off and pressing his bare feet to the cool floor. He held his head in his hands, horrified at his actions.
As soon as they were out of the sun the soldiers stripped off their jackets and Sherlock did the same. The wardrobe went ignored—they just dropped their garments on the floor. His bedfellows weren’t planning on taking their time, then. John and James pulled off their formerly white vests which had been stained over time by dirt and sweat, and Sherlock could only stand and gape. They had tan lines. He hadn’t realized they would have tan lines. Stupid of him to have missed—
When the man was on his knees, taking it from behind, Sherlock lubed up the dildo and slid his hips down.
Sherlock continued his ministrations even while Angelo stopped by to drop off their dessert.
“Oh, oh! Oh— Nnguh!” John said, panting now, trying to resist burying his hands in Sherlock’s hair and thrusting until he came down that long, elegant, pale, fucking impossible throat. He kept his eyes wide open even when Sherlock closed his and moaned around John’s cock.
John’s mind came back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then John buried his face in   Sherlock’s crotch and Sherlock yelped as warm wet heat enveloped his cock.
“Please,” John said.
Another hit right between where the last three were and the previous three. It was hard and Sherlock’s whole body moved. His erection and nipples dragged over the sheet, his welts from the crop stung, his whole arse and feet were on fire and he still had pleasant tingles from the belt. The butt plug pounded his prostate and Sherlock could feel the precome rush out of his tip. He cried out, long and high pitched, his back arched and he threw his head back.
(See the end of the chapter for
John woke warm. There was a weight on him but he didn’t feel trapped, he felt safe. He cuddled into the warmth, thinking he could enjoy a lie-in. He deserved a break once in a while. He didn’t often get an opportunity. Sherlock was between cases at the moment and he didn’t have to go to work. There was nothing on.
They stayed like that till morning.
John's ears pricked up, he thought he heard a voice calling his name but it was far away, almost a whispering. Then again, and again, louder now, unmistakably Sherlock's voice and he was up and out of bed, flying down the stairs and across the sitting room and only breaking his stride as he made it to Sherlock's bedroom door. Sherlock was calling for him, his voice strained tight, each call louder than the last and John had to go in, he couldn't leave the man to face his nightmares alone.
He'd only seen the madman two weeks ago for Christ's sake, and he'd been resigned to probably never seeing him again. A part of him wondered which was better: never meeting again, or meeting like this, across IV drips and defibrillators. John knew, selfishly, that seeing Sherlock in any capacity was always going to be important to him. Soulmate or no, Sherlock had brought something into his life that had made him actually
Sherlock barely registered that John was moving him, propping his torso up and shimmying back against the wall before pulling Sherlock against him, sitting with Sherlock between his legs and holding him, soothing himself more than anything. John knew he shouldn't have left for the relief trip angry, but Sherlock had been ignoring him. The lack of mobile coverage in Somalia had been a struggle, but useful too. John couldn't imagine he would have been able to avoid telling his flatmate that he was in love with him via text just to avoid the turmoil he had gone through not knowing if it was all one sided. He had come home early to do just that. To tell him. "I love you Sherlock, even if you don't love yourself. I'm here. I will always come back. Always." He whispered into the dark curls against his shoulders. "I will fight for you" he murmured, knowing that it would be a fight to contain this relapse. Sherlock had was still out of it, John could almost see his mind working."Most importantly, I will wait." John wiped a stray tear off his face. And he waited.
Sherlock could feel the cool summer breeze licking at his skin through the open window. The night was silent and the darkness was heavy, a thick blanket that smothered the world. In the end he didn't need to watch. He could still see Sebastian walking through the door, hear himself rush to meet him, feel his heart beating fast in his chest as he pressed his lips to Sebastian's for the first time. He could hear the resounding crack of Sebastian's hand across his face, the taste of salty tears mixed with blood filled his mouth. Sebastian was not yet finished. Sherlock heard the metallic zing of his butterfly knife opening as Sebastian threw him to the ground, growling insults and tearing his shirt apart at the seams, exposing his back. He felt the vibrations of his own quiet screams of pain as Sebastian sliced him with the knife in little jagged bursts. The sound of his laughter echoed off the walls, manic. Sherlock saw himself cowering, pleading, swearing never to do it again. He still remembered Sebastian cutting open his trousers and plunging inside him, he was unprepared and unprotected. Sherlock listened to his own whispers of pain and protest that were unheeded. Blood streamed down his back and Sebastian continued forcing himself into Sherlock, occasionally stopping to pour lemon into the cuts on his back or widen them. Sherlock remembered the disgust and terror he felt when Sebastian had left. He had lain on the floor for hours before texting Mycroft. He did not tell him about the rape. He didn't need to. As soon as it ended, the sequence started up again and Sherlock steeled himself to relive the pain and terror once. He had no choice. He was trapped in his head.
As the train pulled into the next station John hopped off and went in search of a ticket for the next one home.
Sergeant Donovan whistled "This guy doesn't even know the freak and already he's got the idea of him... Knew exactly what to say to him. I'd be impressed if it wasn't so creepy" Sherlock bristled next to him and Lestrade saw what was coming. " Is there a gap? The next one is the 3rd of March 2011... and why do you have copies of your own leters?" Sherlock nodded, glared, but didn't elaborate. Lestrade began to read "Dear John, Surprisingly enough you're not as boring as I expected you would be. There was no whining in your letter, and you asked about my case. Adrenaline junkie then, you live for danger, but also have a compulsion to help others around you and therefore army doctor was an easy choice to make, that and the fact that you have no close attachments in your family, likely one member is addicted to something, probably a substance I'm going with alcoholic and you wanted away from them, close family then, sibling, older brother perhaps? Explains why you didn't receive any other post at Christmas, you're unattached. As for the case, my client was acquitted after I proved that at the time of the murders he was six doors down house breaking. The actual murderer was one of the victim's children. Apparently the three victims were in a polyamourus relationship and the child was doing an internship at a butchery, an invitation to stay over for Christmas was the final straw and he killed them all! I did some sketches for my notes and sent them along in case you wanted to see it all. I find visual aids to be rather useful for most people, after all my mind palace is very visual. London is quiet at the moment, it's hateful. Hopefully someone will do something clever soon, my land lord is taking issue with the fingers I put in the vents. Clearly he doesn't appreciate my experiments. If you have no other arrangements I am available, of course if you do I will just find something else to do. I'm sure Mummy will have planned yet another dastardly party. When do you arrive anyway? In regards to the saliva coagulation I have concluded that it takes thirty two hours and fifty three seconds. The fingers should be done now, Sincerely Sherlock."
He loved Sherlock.
In the moment, the idea of rejection, and of binding himself to an addict, had been too much to contemplate, too close to the bone for him. Now… now it didn't seem worth it, letting Sherlock leave when he knew in his gut that they were
Sitting on the train, John couldn’t get the thoughts of their exchange out of his head. It was something about the way Sherlock had asked if he would see him tomorrow. The way he had seemed so uncertain about it, or maybe it was that brief stuttered pause, as if that wasn’t what he had meant to say at all. It didn’t sit right, and John’s stomach churned anxiously the farther away from home he got.
Sherlock did not come prepared with presents for anyone, however, considering that he had been busy with the case and did not expect to be seeing his family for Christmas. His parents waved it off with a tight embrace from each, his mother simply saying “You're home for Christmas. It's enough of a present for us darling,” and in return, they presented him with a heavy, decidedly-not-small box complete with ribbon on top.
It was Greg that spoke first. “He's just a kid,” he murmured. “..a stupid kid. He makes the worst decisions in the history of the planet, but they come from a good place. He wants to help people, he just doesn't know how to show it properly, and now… His brain is what he has, it's what makes Sherlock well.. Sherlock. If he can't use it anymore… he'll be inconsolable. I don't want to even think about what he might do. All for a stupid case. The bloody
"Lestrade... he does want you. Whatever he said to the contrary is a lie even Anderson could see through. I would know." Greg cleared his throat awkwardly, it was one thing to know objectively that Sherlock would always see everything you wished he wouldn't, it was entirely another for him to acknowledge that he knew you oggled his brother."So. You will fix this with John right? It won't be easy, you've been a right tit to him, but you need him. He makes you better. Every day. I'll see you in the morning Sherlock, try and get some sleep." Sherlock muttered something that sounded to Greg a lot like he said "Goodnight goldfish" but he couldn't quite be sure. He didn't really care, he was bloody tired and he just wanted to phone buzzed one last time against his thigh.
Lestrade visited a few times bearing nothing but a sombre expression and well wishes from the rest of Scotland Yard. During one of these visits, he even brought along a box full of what John eventually realised to be case files.
We've both been busy with work and school, so we're here with a lil update ;)
>Storage, emotions: Attraction,  Friendship, Desire, Longing, Belonging, L*** REDACTED INFORMATION?? reference point DELETED - Delete.
John looked down at Sherlock for a split second, seeing joy and absolute terror, but mostly joy, mirrored on his face, and ran.
John recognised that tone a mile off. “Hey hey hey. Not your fault. He might be one of yours, but you didn't force him onto that case and you sure as hell didn't stab him and push him into a river. I've been where you're headed right now and trust me, it's not a path you want to walk down.”
I'm in Tesco, you sure there's nothing else you want? -J
To say he was impatient to be gone was an understatement, but when one's brother is Queen's man of the county ( and quite a sizable collection of other territories as well, not that any of these simpletons knew that) obligation dictated much of the odious niceties he must show to the masses. That, and the tidy little sum he would be given in exchange for holding his tongue about the less savoury activities of their neighbours.
even. No numbers could give that to you, no matter how much you wish they would.
John smiled.
John looked down at Sherlock fondly. Sherlock didn’t laugh. In fact, John wouldn’t be surprised if he came home to find a kitten Sherlock decided to train for them to have. He also didn't tease John or mock his masculinity. He treated John the way he always had before. Which, John thought, was a big hint that they'd been in love with each other from the beginning.
Sherlock howled but John wasn’t done.
After going and reclaiming his gym Sherlock put his mobile away. He was charming and he wooed John.
A needle.
Sherlock said, his command modulated once more. He helped guide John without moving from his knees. The sensation of the scarf dragging along John’s skin with every movement registered once more. John realized Sherlock had just given him a blow job while restrained and it made his cock twitch, a spasm that only brought a drop of fluid out.
John nodded and began to leave; he paused at the door and looked back. He opened his mouth to speak but closed it again and left without saying anything else.
“Counting, Sherlock.”
The hot spray rained down on Sherlock’s back. He felt warm, too warm. He wrapped the hand that wasn’t scrabbling over their erections around John’s back and carefully swapped their places. Now his back was against cold tile. He shivered but he now could lean back with legs spread and thrust against John properly. He took John and himself in hand and stroked.
John felt Sherlock’s forehead fall against his thigh. The dark curls tickled his leg. John wiggled so he could reach down and tangle his fingers in that sexy hair. He ran his nails gently across Sherlock’s scalp, back and forth, like he was petting him.
Well, their first date had been Chinese after the case but John didn’t count it. He might have counted the first time they went to Angelo’s but Sherlock didn’t, they were on a case.
“I can get other rings, or I can send these and get them sized,” Sherlock rambled, terrified that he’d messed something up.
“Oh, god,” John said and buried his face in his hands.
“Have you come to mock me?”
But if he did that John might become self-conscious and the pain in his leg might come back.
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes’,” John said, sounding rather smug.
“I love you,” he said.
he told himself. He tried to make himself believe it but couldn’t quite manage it.
“Colour, Sherlock.”
“Whoa, there,” John said and tugged admonishingly on Sherlock’s hair.
“Sherlock,” John said, irritated. He wanted a response, either an apology for being the cause or some commiseration.
Probably the last, Sherlock decided. He pulled the comforter off and left it in a pile on the floor. He stretched his body over the sheets and realized he didn’t know how he should pose. Should he be on his back? No, John would want him looking at him, wouldn’t he?
Soon the slightly curved piece of metal was glistening with lubricant.
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair marvelling at its softness and the fact that he could do that now.
Last note: I am stuck on chapter nine. Give me things you want to see--as kinky, fluffy or angsty as you can dream up--to help me break through this block.
Maybe this wasn’t a good idea after all.
Murray, John’s nurse, shouted.
The cabbie manhandled Sherlock into the black vehicle, Sherlock only putting up a feeble protest.
“Oh, yes. Yes,” Sherlock said, abandoning his thoughts on Bill’s cock’s size.
Suddenly there was a rustling and an increase in light as a man appeared in the doorway.
“John, John!”
John tensed and Sherlock decided that his exploration would have to wait. He’d expected John’s wariness, it’s why he needed the scarf.
Sherlock did a kegal, drawing John’s attention to his neglected member and John chuckled.
Instead, he swept John into his arms and caught his lips in a passionate kiss. John forced him off him long enough for tea with Mrs Hudson and some conversation and Sherlock tried to wait patiently but was pretty sure he didn’t do a good job of it.
But, he’d been abandoned. And a couple bouts of lovemaking and a day of commands wasn’t going to fix that. It might take months for John to fully recover. John felt sick. He should have run when Sherlock commanded him. But, he’d ignored the order. Since he’d dismissed it he didn’t even have the help of a conflicting order.
He knew that even though several people had multiple subs the matching system didn’t allow subs to go to Doms that already had a sub collared.
“I promise to support and steer you, John Watson,” he said.
“Fuck,” James cursed quietly and slapped Sherlock’s arsecheek.
John moved the wheel back and up over Sherlock’s pubic bone. Sherlock tensed and John knew why. He didn’t want one of his pubic hairs got caught in the wheel and yanked out but John was careful and the movement of the wheel of (relatively) pain-free as it moved up and around the left side of Sherlock’s belly button.
Sherlock snapped into high alert and followed John’s stare to the cab. John looked up to see Sherlock’s reaction. Sherlock’s eyes were narrowed and he was frowning. He released John’s hand and John knew they were in danger.
His foot twitched sideways but John ignored it like the curling of Sherlock’s toes. John dragged the wheel over each of Sherlock’s tendons down to the tips of each of Sherlock’s toes and back up to Sherlock’s ankle. Starting from Sherlock’s big toe all the way down to the littlest, curling around each nail, inside, outside, inside, outside. The giving Sherlock the exquisite torture he craved until his entire foot was covered in lines of little red dots.
“Sherlock, hold still! You’ll hurt yourself,” John ordered.
“I love you,” he said.
Sherlock yawned and stood, scratching flakes of semen off his side (he’d fallen asleep in dirty sheets). John had probably taken care of himself and when he found the bathroom steamy he was sure of it. He wrinkled his nose grumpily. He’d wanted to take care of John’s erection. He needed to keep John sexually satisfied to show him he could be happy here. So when he proposed John would say yes. Sherlock already had cases for them to work, he could keep John busy and provide a life of danger and excitement and he had more than enough money for the two of them. All that was left was the sex.
“It’s a nightmare, you’re fine,” Sherlock’s repeated words sank in, after allowing John to pin him to the bed.
“John, John Watson!”
That’s when the smell registered. He smelt Sherlock’s expensive cologne. His eyes flew open and he raised himself to his elbows.
“Anything! Everything, I don’t know. Just fuck me!” Already it was getting to be too much. He was overwhelmed.
He carefully fit John through the little metal rings. Then he locked the contraption around John’s testicles so it would stay in place. The thing came with a little lock, which Sherlock took the keys for eagerly and placed them on a chain around his neck.
AelishLuna on twitter gave this a once over for me. Thank you for your help!
That cinched it. This wasn't a joke. John stood, the chair scraping the floor behind him. He walked up, took Sherlock’s hands in his own and said, “I love you too.”
It couldn’t be. John had hoped but he had never
The counsellor got Sherlock to sit and she yammered at him while John recovered. He was grateful to her. He didn’t want those piercing eyes focused on him while he was feeling weak.
“Awake already? Slightly faster than I expected, though, that shouldn’t be a surprise, given your history.”
Sparks flew across John’s vision.
The pressure increased and Sherlock gasped when John’s cockhead slid in. There was plenty of lube and Sherlock was used to the stretch-burn of being breached.
“I’ve never had any sort of relationship with a sexual component…”
Sherlock had loomed over him and he wanted the ground to swallow him whole.
for the beta. Send her a thanks by reading her fics
The next morning John woke up with Sherlock kissing his neck.
John turned and spewed his mouthful of liquor all across the carpet.
“Shh, fifteen seconds, pet.” John stoked Sherlock’s flank.
“Wrong,” Sherlock said with a flat look.
“Now,” Sherlock said. He rolled over and thrust in the air to prove to John he was enjoying himself. His erection was deep red and leaking.
Sherlock shook his head. He didn’t want this to end.
Perhaps he could put John in the bath. He could wash him, watch rivulets of water run down his chest, his arms, his
Unlikely.
That was until the wheel moved over Sherlock’s left testicle.
John’s cock got bigger and harder in Sherlock’s mouth.
“I talked to Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner and they said we could put up a roof garden.”
He rolled his eyes at himself. He was acting like a bloody teenager. He set his razor aside and opened the door.
It took only seconds for Sherlock to lose his patience. “Cock! Touch my cock,” he said without using any command. This was going further, he wanted John to be able to protest.
Their paddle had holes in it but was light. Sherlock had wanted the heavy one with holes but John had baulked, saying it would be too easy to hurt him.
John took Sherlock’s face in his hand and Sherlock nuzzled into the contact. He opened his eyes in time to close them for a kiss.
Once there, John splashed his face with cold water. “Oh, my god,” he said to his reflection.
Sherlock smiled and tucked John in.
John wished he had his gun, his cane, anything to use as a weapon besides a bottle of wine.
She could tell he wasn’t going to budge. Sherlock was frowning. She didn’t want an argument so she asked the next question, “Ok, let’s discuss command. How much is too much, how much is too little?” Before they spoke she said, “To give a clear idea, Sherlock, I want you to command John as you would in day to day life.”
Sherlock could tell John was hesitant. He didn’t want to make John feel like he had to do anything he felt uncomfortable about.
Sherlock looked up, racking his brain before figuring out what John wanted. “Please, sir, please turn up the vibrator.”
John was grinding his teeth. He groaned then asked, “Are you close? What do you need?”
That earned him a sharp slap to his thigh and he looked down to see Sherlock’s lips glossy and rubbed red slipping up and down along his shaft.
There was a person inside.
"Did anyone else survive?" John heard a static crackle and then silence. While he was waiting, John tried to put together what happened that led to him being the first person on Mars (and tried not to get distracted by the fact that he was the first person on Mars). He remembered the alert that said they had an object on a collision course. They were planning on dropping the supplies and using thrusters to avoid a collision. They'd all donned suits in case something went wrong but they'd had plenty of time to act. What happened?
“Intimately,” Sherlock said as he placed the phone back into John’s hand. His eyes were silver now. They’d been light blue outside, when Sherlock had propositioned them. They’d been dark blue when Sherlock had wrapped his mouth around John’s cock. And they’d been green when John had Sherlock bent in half on that orange carpet.
“Can I put in a butt plug?” he asked.
Mycroft plays match maker.
“Really?” John’s heart sank. He’d thought that Sherlock was flirting with him. Did Sherlock just hit on everyone then?
“You’re loose,” John noted.
“Could have been both, I suppose. Way everyone talks about him, he was a bit odd.” She shrugged.
“Everyone will be able to smell it soon, we should get you a match before someone takes advantage.”
“AH! AH! AH!” Sherlock shouted with each thrust. It hurt, but it also felt amazing.
John’s mouth watered.
Again, huge thanks to
John laughed and broke the hug. “You should have been there to help me, then, shouldn’t you?”
“Here,” John said and he nudged Sherlock until he was standing at the edge of the bed.
“Jesus, fuck,” James said and he knelt down, stroking Sherlock’s spine with one hand and his flank with the other. He smeared the come into Sherlock’s skin.
John was in line with his shopping at the Asda when his boss called out his name. He tried to be vague about the nature of his emergency and still have an explanation for why he was doing shopping. She told him to come in early,
(See the end of the chapter for
John didn’t allow him to finish that sentence. Whatever he said might deter or distract John, and John wasn’t going to wait a second longer. “I love you.”
Sherlock was frustrated. He’d had a lot of sex recently so he was horny and his plan to show John he could take care of him sexually wouldn’t work if they weren’t having sex.
“John!”
Sherlock pried his cheeks apart to watch the come drip out.
No beta
The Dom who had kidnapped John stuck his head in the room and John froze. What was he doing here? John readied for a fight, lifting his cane. The Dom seemed unimpressed.
“My sister was brave - far braver than me - though I thought I was the brave one.” She smiled sadly, talking about how her sister had met the love of her life in elementary school, how they courted until they graduated before marrying and having children. She had thought her sister mad, tying her life to a man without playing the field. “She told me, she said, ‘That man loves you, and if you toss him aside because you think you’re too young you’ll regret it.’”
“The blog draft. He’d written it up so you wouldn’t have to. I thought you’d seen it when you wrote that idiotic notice that you wouldn’t be updating. I agreed that publishing my brother’s post was in bad taste. Still, my brother really deserved more, I thought.”
Then Sherlock screamed, an ear-splitting shriek and John worried he’d killed him. But more come shot out of the tip of Sherlock’s cock, dripping messily over the bed and Sherlock’s legs.
and on Tumblr
(See the end of the chapter for
“John Watson, that man has been in love with you since you shot that cabbie—yes, I know about that—and if you break his heart, I’ll break your legs.”
Inside was a new cell phone, a tablet and a dossier that contained the excuses the other members had told the government to explain his absence and official documents he needed including a renewed passport and driving licence.
“I didn’t need to,” Sherlock said, clearly uncomfortable.
Sherlock gasped and came into his palm. He cleaned his hand with tissues and curled up on the bed, disappointed John was still gone. He wouldn’t have said no to a cuddle.
Sherlock strutted out and posed on the entrance to the living room, leaning against the wood separator so John could see his tail.
“Oh.”
“I’ll pay my own and half the rent,” John said.
“I’m sure you’re fine and I’m not opposed to going without today—assuming we don’t have penetrative sex, that is.”
“I can’t think of a better place to be,” Sherlock replied lazily. He lifted his hips as much as he could, grinding his crotch against John, just in case John didn’t understand.
“Go where?” John didn’t think going anywhere was going to get him un-fired.
“Soulmates, John.” Sherlock reminded him. “There will be a next time.”
Sherlock realized he’d pulled back off John -- only the tip of John’s cock was still in his mouth. He moved his body forward slightly; James moved with Sherlock but didn’t push in further until Sherlock had John’s cock in the back of his throat again. Sherlock hummed, pleased with himself.
John tested his restraints, tight but not too tight, made of silk instead of metal and knots tied so Sherlock could free himself if it became too much.
Sherlock fucked himself on the dildo wildly and came with a shout not a minute later. When he was spent he slid forward and freed himself from the dildo. He winced as he stood, his knees ached. The towels and blanket weren’t adequate protection against the tiled floor.
Then he spoke in the richest deepest baritone and John’s knees went weak.
“You didn’t even do anything,” John said, smiling.
Sherlock crawled up the bed and hooked his feet over the side. “Please, sir, hit me with the paddle. Show me my place.” They were words Sherlock wouldn’t normally use, but he was high on endorphins and desperate for more pleasure-pain.
“We’ll be there,” John said.
John was pleasantly confused when he came home. Sherlock didn’t explain. He didn’t want to ruin the surprise.
“We’re just friends,” he said. “It’s nice to have another gay person to talk with.”
John swallowed thickly.
John started running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. It was the first time anyone had ever touched him like this. Gently, like they cared. Like they wanted to bring him pleasure.
John chuckled and started to roll a condom on Sherlock. He hissed and thrust into John’s fist.
If that wasn’t bad enough he nearly dropped. Over one little command. He hadn’t even been at risk of dropping in ten years.
Sherlock ignored his family, stopped in his dressing room to grab his coat, and swept out of the building, John following. Sherlock slowed his pace so John wouldn’t get left behind.
With only two days to go until Christmas, a full work schedule and no plans, John was well aware of just how miserable his life must seem. Hell, how miserable it
His dreamself strode confidently onto the stage, ignoring his surroundings, focusing on the tall, brass music stand before him. A single sheet of music lay perched on it and one look told Sherlock what it was.
Lestrade groaned and rolled his eyes. “Can we get to the bit where you just tell me what happened?” he complained fondly, taking a bite of his sandwich.
“...Yes, she's quite well regarded in her field apparently, but of course that's the thing about being a doctor - your field is so full of people ready to pat your back one minute and strangle you with your stethoscope the next!” Mummy laughed and Mycroft's eyes lit up.
She'd put him at ease from the first time they'd met with her easy going ways and quick fire stories. God they would be in her debt forever for giving them this opportunity, regardless of whether she thought so or not. He'd been absolutely terrified when she had agreed to meet up with him and Sherlock after that phone call, and truthfully he'd spent the better part of the week beforehand fretting endlessly about how she might react to Sherlock. John had been completely shocked by Sherlock's attempt to ease his worry by being affable and Mary's almost instant acceptance of the consulting detective she'd heard so much about.
If he was honest, he kind of wished he hadn't. Three nurses were crying, another one trying desperately to console them, and if he wasn't mistaken, the raised voices coming from down the ward sounded an awful lot like Sherlock and Mary’s.
John hummed and then raised a brow. "Does that make me interesting Sherlock Holmes, or you a stalker, that is the true question."
He had seemed most upset, most riled by (and this was only slightly surprising) the idea that Sherlock was in the hospital in the first place, that in his … pastime he was somehow diminishing his own worth. But why should Sherlock's habits bother him so severely? He’d known what they were before he'd known Sherlock's name, to be upset by them now was frankly absurd and more than a little bit confusing. Why did he
They walked the rest of the journey like that, plastered together from shoulder to thigh while up ahead they could just about make out the swinging of John and Sherlock's interlaced hands.
12:00pm
Sherlock unlocked the back door with ease and Greg reminded himself to buy a bolt lock for his office tomorrow. The inside was almost as he had imagined it would be, bar the flickering lights. They had no lights at all but the beam of the torch. It illuminated grubby walls with black streaks running down them and hard concrete floors. Sherlock swiveled the ray from side to side, showing the harsh reality of the hospital. Even through the tiny porthole windows in the doors Greg could see dentists chairs with straps on them surrounded by electrical equipment and it was hard not to think about the people who'd been forced to submit to shocks frying their brain simply because they were born with a disorder. Thinking about it, that was exactly what had happened to John earlier. Greg couldn't help but see his friend's face contorted in agony in his head. He shivered and resolved to look straight ahead. Sherlock was staring intently at the ground and when Greg followed his gaze he saw the footprints that had been left in the dust. They were in the right place then. Seemed like Sherlock had flawless instinct where John was concerned.
"Well,  I should have guessed there was red hair in the family with you both being so pale, make sure to  get your ears, the amount of burnt ears I've seen !"  John quipped as he scooted around them to the fridge for something to drink, grabbing four glasses and a  bottle of what looked like fresh orange juice.  Mycroft rolled his eyes and continued to smooth cream over his arms "Yes well, there's one in every family. Lucky for me I was blessed with a darker shade on my head, the difficulties red heads have in finding clothing to suit their hair is not something I envy."
That question was one that only John Watson could answer. If Mycroft had any room left to feel guilty about how this would affect others at all, John was the only person he had room for. He hadn't spoken to him since telling him that he was the leak to Jim. That conversation hadn't exactly ended well, although there was something to be said for the fact that John hadn't punched him in the face like he wanted to. His self control was admirable. Mycroft couldn't remember much of the funeral at all, except that John had been a pall bearer even though he was significantly shorter than the others, that he'd given a eulogy to the odd bunch of people that had arrived for the event - Sherlock's private clients who obviously knew he couldn't be a fraud, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs Hudson, John and the gang of homeless people that had been watching them all for days. Mycroft hadn't gone to the cemetery, Anthea had simply guided him back into one of the cars and gotten him home.
Martha Hudson lifted a large sheath of soft fabric and held it up to Orabelle who nodded vigorously and returned to whispered negotiations with the caterers that were only occasionally recognisable as English. She smiled to herself and let her hands run over reems of silken fabrics in an effort to find the perfect colour scheme for the wedding. Her boys were so different physically, matching colours to both of their skin types was proving to be a task to remember. Not that she was complaining, spending all this time with an old friend while working on something that would make her boys so happy was nothing to complain about at all, and quite aside from anything else she was loving the hours in which the function room at Holmes manor was transformed into a wedding extravaganza for just the two of them to pick and choose over. Today's setup had to be by far her favourite, as the colour scheme was to be decided, so too were the flowers, which meant the heady aroma of flowers permeated the entire building and the vast array of colours and shapes left her feeling as if she'd taken a trip to the botanical gardens by mistake. "That should do it, keeping in mind the strange whims of the Holmes family" the chef smiled knowingly at Orabelle who shrugged "we should be covered. I'll leave you to work then." she dismissed him and glided over to where Mrs Hudson was scrutinizing three swatches of fabric. "What are you thinking dear?" she asked, holding up all three for them to critique. "Well, the unicorn is a must, but the accent will be a more difficult choice." Mrs Hudson hummed in agreement and put the silvery silk to one side, pitting the final two colours against each other. "Midnight blue or Lavender… I think the blue, I mean both of them have these lovely blue hues to their eyes" Martha looked across at her friend who smiled and plucked the blue from her hand. "Perfect, Martha. Silver* for Sherlock's shirt, I won't even bother attempting to get that boy into a tie and Blue for John's with…" the two of them had strolled into the flower forest as they spoke and Belle pursed her lips as she scanned the room for the perfect button hole bloom. "these!" she exclaimed excitedly and plucked two stems from the pile. Martha chuckled. They wouldn't know what hit them come April.
Days passed, the stack of empty bottles of sun cream grew steadily, tans darkened, waistlines began to grow, and all four men had taken time to work out a bit after eating some of the most ridiculously luxurious food they could imagine.  It had actually been quite a bonding experience, the four of them in the gym laughing and singing along to the radio blaring 'O sole mio' and 'Nessun Dorma.' Wine had been drunk (often while someone- Greg- was supposed to be cooking, every recipe called for it), tours (of places where murders or discoveries had occurred, given by a very eager guide in Sherlock) were taken, paintings were judged (apparently Mycroft had a keen interest in art and had been something of a prodigy in his youth), statues were analyzed, pubs were crawled (John's best contribution was an uncanny ability to find the best pubs) and fun was had by all. Nights had been spent in beds and pools and kitchens and on one memorable occasion under the trees in the lemon orchard (the citrus scent had lingered for the rest of the day and it was very distracting). Phones and work and the stressful world of home were forgotten, for seven days genuine contentment reigned supreme, and it was bloody marvelous.
top back on now, I'm just going to talk to your nanny for a second so you wait there." John stood and strode over to the girl who was no more than twenty and looked completely oblivious, but she had said he'd be in trouble, as if she knew the significance of the threat to the little boy. "Miss? Have you seen Callum's chest before?" he asked praying she'd say no. "No? I just stay with him until from eight to twelve and make sure he doesn't burn the house down. That's it. Why?" Sometimes John wondered how people got their jobs and Melanie here was one such person. "Right, okay. Does Callum have two parents or just a father?" She shook her head, still not looking up "Just the boy and his dad." Looking back at the small boy he strengthened his resolve to help him. "Ok well miss I'm going to make a call to social services on behalf of Callum here, you can go if you want." That made her look. She looked at Callum and then at John, turned on her heel and left. "Okay Callum, I'm going to get my boss to come in and take a look at you, and maybe have a chat ok? But first I'm going to give you some medicine to bring down your fever." Sarah came within minutes of his page and knocked on the door. He had been on the floor, playing with Callum, and pushed himself up to tell her what he had seen. She made the call and took Callum into her office. It would be a long day.
Sherlock heard the door shut and he waited for John to come up the stairs. When he didn’t he peeked his head out of the bedroom.
They shook again when Sherlock caught his lips in a kiss and he nearly whimpered when Sherlock whispered in his ear to keep watch. John turned his eyes to the house they were supposed to be watching and felt Sherlock pawing at his trousers.
Sorry this is late, my computer is trying to die. :(
Sherlock obediently sprayed his cock with the disinfectant.
“Sherlock!”
“Oh, uh, change, I guess,” John said, surprise evident in his tone.
The battery had been run down but there was still plenty of charge for what Sherlock needed it for.
“God, you feel good,” John said, pushing deep inside.
“It’s weird. It’s moving inside me. It’s… I can’t.”
“I need a shower,” John complained, looking at the thick white mess on his stomach and legs.
Sherlock ignored him and licked and sucked, relishing the taste and the thought that he was cleaning John up and he wouldn’t have to get up. There seemed to be an almost endless deposit of come and Sherlock’s jaw started to get sore again as he fucked John with his tongue, feeling John’s muscles clench and loosen as he writhed below him.
“I want to see you when you come,” John said as he worked him.
“Come, pet,” Sherlock said, startling John out of his thoughts.
Sherlock glanced at John before pulling off, making sure a trail of spit clung from his lip to the tip of the condom. Then he wrapped a hand around the base of both of their cocks and pulled them to his mouth.
When he did Sherlock flung his head back and wrapped his hands around John’s biceps. He needed to hold onto something to keep himself grounded.
Sherlock stopped in front of a nondescript door and took a breath. He double checked the suite number written on the wall and turned the knob.
She nodded before saying, “He died. Car accident. It was completely out of the blue.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to object but James filled it with his tongue. James was a skilled kisser and whenever Sherlock moved to try to take charge of the kiss, Bill would move away from Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock wrapped his hand around Bill’s head to hold him in place when he got to a good spot and surged forward to James, wrapping his other arm around James’ back.
The water started to get cold and Sherlock helped John out of the tub. He wrapped a large towel around John and started to dry him. He used a smaller towel to dry John’s hair and he kissed John’s tears away.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder and saw John licking his lips, hard prick sticking up, John stroking it slowly.
“Yeah, it’s not like it is in movies,” John agreed.
“Hm, that’s twice you’ve said my name. I think another punishment is in order.” Nevertheless, John clicked up the vibrator. Sherlock was supposed to call him sir during scenes. John had said either that or captain. Sherlock had opted for the one with fewer syllables.
The eulogy continued but John didn’t hear it. He was back in 221B, telling Mrs Hudson that he was getting married, her disbelief and laughter when she learned it was a woman. He’d found it insulting, frankly, considering that she knew he only dated women.
"Z-0923, transport to Terra."
The song, for some reason, reminded John of Christmas. It started to build to another crescendo and then the bow left the strings.
"Can I hurt him now, John?" Sherlock asked.
John made a small involuntary noise in the back of his throat and took one of Sherlock’s wrists in his hand. He tied a knot around it with the end of the scarf. It wasn’t one of the normal bondage knots, the ones where you could pull an end and slip free.
John would have killed for a relationship with Sherlock (and, if you counted the cabbie, did) before the fall. Then there was the whole thing with Mary. God, that had been a mistake. Sherlock had come back from the dead, a miracle, and John had shunned him. John had hit him, had beat him, had been horrible to him, and Sherlock was still there sitting on the couch with John.
John smirked proudly, then the expression softened into a smile. “Me too. I’ll find you after my shift?”
Sherlock moved the hand that was on James to John’s hip. He guided John to the edge of the cot as Sherlock knelt up and turned. He managed to keep the tip of John’s cock in his mouth the whole time.
They sat in silence until the cab stopped. Sherlock got out first and John followed, slamming the door behind himself. He juggled his cane with the second apple and the apple core, finally shoving both the latter in his pocket with a grimace.
John followed Sherlock after picking up the headband. He felt bad about the whole thing. He figured he probably did order the “costume” Sherlock was wearing. He thought the website looked a little odd but he didn’t think anything of it. Really, who actually knew that this was a thing?
Compared to the rest of the flat, Sherlock’s room was tidy. He didn’t keep experiments here and there was none of the case related clutter. Sherlock only spent time in the room to dress and sleep (and the latter could just as easily happen on the couch).
They meet.
it sounded like O'Murtagh, the pilot on the team. "That you, O'Murtagh?"
John took a sip of his drink. He didn’t intend to break Sherlock’s heart. He planned on being with him for the rest of his life, actually. He never wanted to be anywhere but Sherlock’s side. He was happiest when he was with Sherlock.
But it took a toll on Sherloc, they stumbled and fell. They were cold. They'd never been this cold before. Their body was seizing and shaking. It was terrifying. Their eyes were leaking again and they nearly careened headfirst to the dirt when their body stopped responding. But Watson caught them and carried them. Sherloc clung to the odd feeling fabric, trying to be helpful instead of plain dead weight. They didn't want to die.
The scheduler at the front desk gave a long pause before responding but confirmed his instructions and began relaying instructions for people to evacuate the building before calling the police. He could hear the nurses and other doctors began the process of helping to usher people swiftly out of the building while he leaned over so as to get a second look and the amount of time on it.
“She was a lesbian, John. She was interesting and she thought I was some sort of kindred spirit. We were alike, in a way. I felt responsible since I made her hand her phone over to Mycroft so when she was caught by terrorists she’d blackmailed I saved her. Even if I were inclined that way she wouldn’t want more than to tie me to the bedposts and dominate me.”
There was the sound of clothing being removed in a rush but Sherlock barely registered it. His neck was being attacked -- licks, kisses, suction, and bites were peppered up and down it and then James started working on his collarbones and his shoulders. All through this, Sherlock was able to make small thrusts against James’ abdomen, but he didn’t have enough movement to do anything other than tease himself.
His shout made his ears ring and he felt Sherlock’s prick stiffen against his own and the splatter of warms semen puddling with his own.
John felt it, he looked like he did that first night, cable knit jumper and all. He looked over at Sherlock and saw he was in that thrice-damned shirt. God, he loved that shirt.
“Shower sex doesn’t work,” Sherlock concluded.
“I love you, John Hamish Watson.”
He grabbed hold of his prick and started pulling.
to the list. “Did we hurt you? We were too rough, weren’t we? Here, bend over the cot. Let me have a look.”
An experiment was in order, he thought.
She winced. “It’s one of the things we have to do, so the sub knows what to expect with a command. Obviously, in this case, John shouldn’t be commanded until he adjusts.”
The drag of James’ huge prick was wonderful; the angle on his prostate wasn’t perfect, but it was stimulation. Now James’ grip around his cock was too tight. Sherlock huffed out his nose in annoyance.
Sherlock obediently laced his fingers behind his head and as he watched John raised up and sank down, his erection bobbing with his every movement.
"Houston, calling the OMNIarch crew, do you copy?"
Sherlock knew at any point he could command John to touch his penis, to tease it, to expose his glans, to make a fist and move his hand up and down, to take it in his mouth and work it with his tongue until Sherlock came down his throat. The fact that he didn’t, that he let John move slowly, was killing him in the best way.
“What?” Watson said, his brow furrowed in confusion.
And if John wanted to do kinky roleplay involving butt plugs he would be doing it with Sherlock and no one else. Sherlock was done with all the girlfriends and he wasn’t about to allow boyfriends that weren’t him near his John.
Sherlock agreed.
“Nothing but the truth,” Sherlock said. He was feeling a little hurt that John didn’t believe him.
John only took a nap, wanting to keep his sleep schedule as normal as it could be when he lived with Sherlock Holmes. He almost felt like this morning had been a dream. It didn’t seem possible, that Sherlock had fucked him and sucked him off at the same time. But he had the evidence of it on his stomach.
Of all the things John thought he’d say he hadn’t been expecting that. He’d expected excuses, lies or even changes of subject, not this.
“Prostate massager,” was all he said.
That was very good.
Tomorrow is the last chapter. :'(
Sholto nodded and took Sherlock’s hand. “Of course, well, if you’d come this way I can show you—”
Taking that as a sign that he wanted more Sherlock removed his finger and lubed up the finger next to it. He pushed the two inside and John groaned.
Murry walked in front of John when they got to the main room. John focused on not falling with his cane. His leg ached and he had to grind his teeth to make it across the room.
Their silvery eyes were wide and they were taking gulping breaths as they shivered. Their lips were blue.
“Take it, take it, say you like it,” Bill said.
“Took you long enough,” Sherlock said with a smile.
.” And, dear god, did he really just say that? It sounded like a line out of a bad porno. Thankfully, the soldiers weren’t laughing. In fact, it looked like Watson was flustered.
“Tsk.” She curled her lip as she made the sound.
Sherlock laughed. “Well, I’m sure that sold them on our relationship.”
He unwrapped the towel from his waist and slid open the drawer, taking a dildo and lubricant out. He leaned back on the bed, feet planted firmly and legs spread wide. He took John’s laptop and opened a window. Normally he did this with private browsing but with the change in his and John’s relationship, he felt secure in letting John know what he liked.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a second, just a second, it had been a very powerful orgasm and he was a bit tired.
James stopped moving and held Sherlock’s hips in place with one hand, the other resting on his back. “Will you be missed if you don’t come back?” he asked Murray.
John reached down and worked a finger into Sherlock’s hole. John was careful with Sherlock’s prostate and his movements were gentle. Sherlock tried to relax, he needed John in him now!
“I took you more for the standard gold band type. That looks more artsy.”
John lifted his sun visor to get a better look at the creature. It was worrying that it didn't seem fazed by death.
"There are more Terrans?"
for the beta
“I want him to come to whatever quarters you have set up for me—I’m sure they’re private and out of the way, and…” Sherlock made a vaguely crude hand gesture before saying, “Well, I’m sure you can guess.”
Carefully, so he didn’t get any shampoo into John’s eyes, Sherlock washed John’s hair. He washed the space between John’s toes and he gently shaved John’s legs for him.
“Not quite,” Sherlock said.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He didn’t know if John was talking about what was happening in the video or if he was talking about his cock. It didn’t matter either way.
By the time they were done, it was early morning.
“Lie? When did I lie to you?” Sherlock looked bewildered.
As Sherlock watched John scooted so his knees were on the edge of the bed.
Special thanks to my beta
“Good boy. Good boy, Sherlock. Good boy. Who’s my good boy?” John dragged the pinwheel up the outside of Sherlock’s thigh and ran it down Sherlock’s hipbone.
Sherlock waited twelve minutes before breaking down and sending a second.
"You'll die too," John said.
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted and he thrust so hard that Sherlock scooted across the floor. Once, twice, then John fell on him.
“Oh, Johnny. I…. Yeah. I would normally. But…. This isn’t like a collaring. Have you even met your new….”
Sherlock was confused. “No?”
When he did the creature jumped backward and tripped. They fell and scooted backwards. They stayed there for a bit before the curiosity of the creature got the better of it and it stood to look at John's face.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied, and drifted over to look at the dildoes that he and Mary had been looking at earlier.
Sherlock had just gone back to eating his porridge when John sat down across from him.  Sherlock smiled at him.  “Good morning.  John, was it?”
“What do you know about it?”  Sherlock queried.
Sherlock pointed the rod in his right hand at him.  He started, “I will not be pushed...”  The man reached behind his head and with a faint clicking sound followed by a soft woosh pulled the helmet forward and off.  Sherlock gasped when he saw Jim’s grinning face.
“’All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women, meerely players...”  A muffled voice called out one of the figures.  “And as such, we have arrived at the climax of the action.  You have solved one mystery, the minor of the two, the superficial one if you will.  You took drastic steps to ensure your survival...as though it was ever in doubt. And now, now, we reach the very pinnacle of the story.  Shall we continue on then, each in our roles?  Hero.  Villain.  Lover.  Cad. Which ever part we've each been cast as, we must continue and see this out.”  He paused.  “Do you not wish to know who the benefactor is?”    He threw back his hood revealing a dark, metal plated helmet designed to look like a bird...a vulture.  The eyes glowed green.  “You’ve been very concerned about it.”
“I’ll get you back for this,” John growled at Sherlock as he slowly started to slip his clothes off.
Sherlock closed his laptop and closed his eyes once again. He needed to think.
“This is what you have to work with,” Greg replied.  “Are you going to do it, or should I get somebody to drive you back to Ankara?”
Sherlock frowned.  More words appeared. “Answer the door.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “Not at all.  You shaved.”
“It’s definitely different,” Sherlock said softly as he approached the wall. He got close to it, not touching it, but inspecting it carefully.  He turned back to Greg.  “You want me to translate this?”
Veli crossed his arms and stared at him.  Sherlock sighed and reached into his trouser pocket and pulled it out.  After making sure it was powered off, he handed it to him.  Only then did Veli turn and unlock the door for Sherlock.  Once Sherlock was inside, Veli closed the door after him.  Sherlock wasn’t sure, but he thought he heard the lock close.
She still didn’t say anything.  Sherlock sighed and tried to settle into his seat.  He looked out at the countryside around him.  Esenboğa Airport was located on the eastern outskirts of Ankara and they were quickly onto empty roads traveling through a hilly region dominated by scrub. The roads themselves were in poor condition.  They were driveable, but between them and what must have been the original shocks on the car, it could be rough at times.  There were few a small towns that they went through, barely larger than a quaint English village, but decidedly much more dilapidated.
She was stretched out on the couch.  Low lights.  He stood silently across the room.  “Well?” she pouted.
“This is what you have to work with,” Greg replied.
“It’s no problem,” Sherlock said.  “So, Molly? Are you sure?”
Sherlock waited a moment before heading back to his room.  He scanned the books that he had neatly arranged on his chest of drawers.  He didn’t think any of them would be useful.  He picked up a book by Anna Davies on Luwian, but from his brief glimpse at the wall the symbols didn’t appear to be that similar.  He also took his cuneiform dictionary which included proto-cuneiform pictograms.
“Good boy.” John kissed each of Sherlock’s eyelids before lowering the blindfold.
John held his cane ready as he left the room. He wasn’t sure he wasn’t about to be kidnapped again. But when there was no one waiting for him in the hallway John relaxed a bit.
“Great, let’s everyone just come in.”
“Well…”
“It’s okay.”
He pulled himself together. He didn’t get to have a breakdown. He’d probably hurt Sherlock.
He looked Sholto straight in the eye and said, “I want Watson.”
The man on the screen was sucking cock while taking it up his arse. “God, that’s hot,” John said.
Sherlock’s became breathless when he first caught sight of his sub. His uniform had been taken in poorly, he was too skinny, he was limping, he didn’t look up at anyone and he looked like he hadn’t slept in a week.
Sherlock didn’t understand. He knew John liked gardening and had one when he was a child and wanted one now but how was that a gift?
Besides, it’d been a year. Rosie was actively getting into everything now, John wasn’t sure it was a good idea to have her around the thumbs, scalpels and all the other dangerous and disgusting things Sherlock experimented with.
Sherlock looked at John with hooded eyes and gave his finger a final lick.
“Of course I am, I think it’s silly that you ever thought I wasn’t.”
John decided Mycroft just didn’t know what he was talking about and he shut the door.
Assured Sherlock had his attention he sank down until his nose was tickling John’s pubic hair.
John stops first, Sherlock’s movement under him sturring him and making him rise to his knees. Sherlock stops too and their eyes meet and hold.
“Good boy,” John said and clicked the button that upped the vibrations.
(See the end of the chapter for
John, according to his deductions, was fierce, loyal, romantic, dangerous, and (relatively) smart. There were things he was hiding and things that Sherlock couldn’t quite get a read on yet.
It was intriguing. He decided it was better to confront the driver here instead of leading him to the flat. The man might already have Sherlock’s address—it was on his website—but it’d be safer for John and Mrs Hudson to be out in the open. Sherlock glanced around, checking for possible accomplices before walking to the vehicle and rapping on the Driver’s side window.
“You like attention, don’t you?” John asked with a smirk.
John pursed his lips. He couldn’t. He’d ruin it. Sherlock might put up with his PTSD for a while, but eventually John would go too far. Even if Sherlock stayed through it, John would have to look at the bruises and live with the knowledge that he’d done that.
John laughed. “Bed-able, huh?”
John checked the couch first, wondering if Sherlock had fallen asleep in the middle of his sulk, but he wasn’t there.
John frowned and looked sad. “You really don’t know, do you?”
Sherlock’s posture indicated John’s words had put him on the defensive. “So? Is that a problem?” he sneered.
“Are you sure?” John asked again.
How the hell he’d managed to convince Mycroft to put 1979 on the headstone he’d never know.
Sherlock couldn’t bounce on Bill’s cock without risking the cock in his mouth, so Bill spread his legs, spreading Sherlock’s further and thrust, holding Sherlock’s hips up and pushing them down. John caught on quickly and he worked Sherlock with his mouth and hand. Sherlock could feel John’s other hand brush his testicles every once in a while; then he felt John’s fingers at his entrance and John moaned.
John started kissing Sherlock’s jaw and Sherlock couldn’t stand the tenderness. He clawed at John’s back.
“Get up on the bed. Lay out.”
Sherlock put on a blue scarf and a long wool coat. “We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, seven o’clock. Sorry, got to dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
Most of the people he knew were overseas but he thought his nurse, Murray, might be on leave. He had his email address. It wasn’t much notice but it was his best shot.
"Which pod?"
A touch to his cock made Sherlock moan. John was very careful, not wanting to ruin his experiment. But the leaking red thing was too enticing to leave alone.
“Ahh!” Sherlock arched and savoured the rough treatment after so long with the feather.
“Aaah—! John!” Sherlock squirmed, fighting with himself. He wanted to push back, to push John further in. But he remembered John’s movements when he was doing this and he really didn’t want to break John’s nose.
John let out a deep breath and pushed Sherlock away. He ground his teeth and was able to force himself back onto the couch.
“John.”
“I thought we could go on a walk first, maybe hit that pokegym you like to maintain control over.”
He put Sherlock’s ungloved hand on his cock and pressed it against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock looked up at John and scanned him head to toe. New haircut, shaved recently, nice sweater, date shoes, a stain on the cuff of John’s jeans…
John arched his back and shouted Sherlock’s name into the pillow, chanting it as Sherlock fucked with his tongue, keeping the seal with his mouth.
“You knew Mary was unfaithful?” John asked, eyes hard.
Sherlock stared at it, dumbfounded.
They smiled at each other.
Fully clothed Sherlock exited the bedroom to see John. He was standing in the hallway clutching a baby blanket. He looked up at Sherlock, eyes glistening.
Suddenly John felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle. Something was off.
“I’m not sure I’m really qualified to do that,” Sherlock said. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Like you did?” he hissed the question at her.
The corner of Sholto’s mouth twitched when their eyes met.
So, I’m back. I didn’t think I would make it to the new year but since I did I thought I should finish this story properly. I'm happy to answer any questions. They can be dm’d on twitter
“Case!” Sherlock shouted as he ran down the stairs.
“Then…?”
John groaned. He wasn’t patient. He wanted this. He wanted more. He wanted it all. He wanted it now.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed. He groped John but found it fruitless. Which was unfortunate because he could feel himself stirring.
“Please,” Sherlock begged again and John wondered what he was begging for. Mercy? No, it was clear Sherlock was loving this. Attention to his cock? No, the denial was driving him wild.
"No, you say that, but everyone will remember you." O'Murtagh wriggled free of John's grip and held onto the latch. "I'll make you a deal, Watson. In exchange for me not opening the airlock, you'll let me dissect that
Instead, he went to their drawer. He showered then he used some of the strawberry lube to put the plug in place and went out to shop.
Sherlock was in no mood for games he wanted the room to stop spinning, his John and a nap.
“Sherlock’s not answering his phone. I’ve got a case,” Lestrade said.
“Yeah.”
John pushed against the crowd of people, trying to get through. “He’s my friend,” John said, even though it was nonsense. It wasn’t relevant, it wouldn’t convince them to let him through. It mattered, though. It was important. They wouldn’t understand. They were idiots. They wouldn’t let him through and he needed—
Sherlock’s expression made the whole thing worse. He was terrified. John wondered if he knew this man, knew what was going to happen to him… whatever it was it was going to be bad. John chocked on a sob when he realized this might be the last time he ever saw him.
“It’s a special night, yeah?” he said.
“They’re ready for you,” he said and walked off.
“You ok?” Lestrade asked.
His work had been annoyed that he’d left before his shift ended, he really needed to be careful. He didn’t work for Sarah anymore. She’d let him go whenever he pleased because she liked him (and didn’t want Sherlock or criminals showing up at the surgery). However, he worked for someone else now and he was told point blank that he couldn’t leave again without notice. John wondered if he should have stayed but he’d already told them he had an emergency and he couldn’t very well be like,
“I consider myself married to my work. I’ve never had the urge to have sex so I haven’t bothered,” Sherlock said haughtily.
“Yeah, he likes it rough,” James said, relief evident.
Mycroft ignored him and walked to the door. “Someone will be along with the paperwork for the trust tomorrow afternoon. Also, I believe he left some items for you at Baker Street,
“Everyone, go in and start working on the furniture. And don’t mess with my sock index!”
“There is something I’ve always wanted to try,” Sherlock said.
The woman frowned and John looked upset. What had happened?
“This is the one I had made.”
She begs with her eyes for him to understand. Her hands clasped, white knuckles standing out in her lap.
“Ah!” Sherlock gasped.
“I’ve locked up flat B and C, just in case. They seemed trustworthy enough but I can’t have them getting into Sherlock’s things and I don’t want them near his lab.”
“I can’t find my bloody key,” John said. He barely recognized Sherlock’s voice. It was rough, husky and much deeper than normal.
He didn’t want it to end now.
With a small smile, John shifted just enough to get comfortable.
John went over to his jacket and pulled out two condoms and a tube of medical lubricant, just as Sherlock had deduced. He was happy to be proven correct.
The rod slid in a couple more centimetres before it stopped.
John’s ring, Sherlock’s physical claim, caught the light and Sherlock's need became too much. He bent forward onto his knees, wrapping a hand around his own cock and stroking it roughly. He chased orgasm, uncaring that he might chafe himself. The scarf tugged at his wrists with each movement, reminding him he was still bound. He bit his lip, he’d never been this hard in his life.
Sherlock took off his clothes and knelt behind John, running his hand up and down John’s spine.
“Please, Sherlock,” John whispered.
Sherlock wrapped both his hands around the edge of the cot and tried to encourage James to move faster, to go deeper.
“Yes,” John gasped and pulled Sherlock into his arms. “Oh, god, yes.”
“I want a go at his mouth,” James said.
“No, of course not.” Still, John couldn’t help but ask, “Why were you wearing it?”
betad for me. Head over there and read some of her fics! :D
Mrs Hudson came up with his mail.
The sensation was glorious--John worked with the condom, he was skilled and must have done this a lot. He twisted his wrist as he accidently hit Sherlock with his tooth.
“That too,” Sherlock said, a smug smile on his face.
“So, what do you think?” John asked.
Maybe Sherlock was worried about cuts getting infected?
The thoughts of stopping disappeared as the blood left John’s head, his body deciding it was urgently needed elsewhere.
"This isn't working. Why isn't this working?" Sherlock growled.
He rubbed his hands over his face. He knew that the government was supposed to take his preferences into account but they obviously hadn’t since they’d matched him with a man. Or, oh god, had he forgotten to update his profile from bisexual to heterosexual? John ground his teeth in anger.
After taking the cane John thanked him with a tight smile and Sherlock realized he’d failed. He shouldn’t have done that, his sub wanted to be independent. It was good, Sherlock really didn’t have it in him to provide everything a typical sub needed. Still, he should be adjusting his behaviour according to his sub’s needs, not doing things that irritated him. It rankled Sherlock that he’d gotten it wrong.
he’d say,
“Hmm,” he hummed happily. “Good morning.”
What was Sherlock playing at now? Pulling John on top of him and cuddling. Pressing his erection into John. No hint of embarrassment. In fact, he seemed to be taunting John, daring him to do something.
“Is that it?” he asked as Sherlock started to walk out the door.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed happily.
It was difficult to come while he was standing up and he was losing his rhythm.
John snorted and giggled at his antics.
“No, you might not have it and I don’t want to expose you again if you don’t.”
The air next to Sherlock sang as John loosened up his arm, doing practice swings so as not to hurt Sherlock by accident. There was the dull thud of the crop against the bed and Sherlock moaned. He needed that. “Please, sir, hit me. Do it hard,” he begged.
“Dad?”
“Show me what?”
John unceremoniously dropped the empty bottle and hastened to obey.
After getting Rosie some medicine he managed to get her back to bed. She was so miserable she didn’t even ask who was at the door.
“I know. And I don’t want to make things harder for you. If this could have waited I would have put it off,” John said.
John fumbled and dropped his cane when he tried to lock his door. “Damn,” he said with a sigh.
John wanted to tell him that he wasn’t in danger, that it was Sherlock, making himself the largest and most obvious target in the world, that was going to be killed. He couldn’t get the words out in time. The shot rang out and Sherlock fell from the rock, tumbling down and landing in a heap.
Suddenly Sherlock pushed John away. John stumbled backwards and saw Sherlock fall apart. His toes curled and his legs twitched. His head was flung back, mouth open but there was no sound. Come shot out of the hole in the penis plug up, some landing on his cheek, the rest splattering down Sherlock’s chest.
Updates every other day.
This time John responded.
“Marvin. His name was Marvin Gables,” she said.
Would Sherlock think it was too soon after Mary?
He thought it was better to start out not like he was attempting to get John riled up and (hopefully) fired.
Setting it aside and swallowing thickly, John lifted the next item in the folder.
Sherlock just nodded as if he expected so.
Sherlock went back to John’s hole and after a minute of sucking and licking the flavour of the lube was gone. He leaned back, wiping the saliva from his cheeks and chin and went to get the lube. He could finally fuck John without a condom and he was looking forward to seeing his come dripping out of John’s dark hole.
"I feel like we're going to regret giving them the reins in the near future" John muttered under his breath to Sherlock as they sat down at the table and listened to Mrs Hudson and Mummy Holmes discuss a hundred things at once. They were already squealing shrilly, John could just barely make out words like "flower arrangement" and "venue specialist". He sighed resignedly and Sherlock patted his arm "As long as they're happy we don't have to deal with them." John smirked and fiddled with the silverware that was probably genuine silver and took a deep breath to just calm himself a bit. Their future seemed to be revealing itself at a devastating pace and while it was all wonderful from this side of the timeline the chances of successfully maneuvering themselves to live that way were slim to say the least. They barely knew what would happen from one week to the next, who knew where they'd be five months down the line, and while they both agreed that a child was most certainly on the agenda, it wasn't like they could just go about it the conventional way and that would mean patience and hard work to find a surrogate or adopt. He had a feeling that once again nothing in their lives would go to plan, but it didn't really matter to him when Sherlock caught his eye. How could anything else matter when he had two moons pulling him in like the tide? As long as he had Sherlock no plan mattered. Sherlock focused all his attention on John and his expression softened into a shy smile.
Sherlock looked down to James’s lips and gasped when they came to his own.
He went back to the paper and was searching for something else when Mrs Hudson popped her head in.
“Oh, you will, will you?” John asked with a smile.
“Alright,” Sherlock agreed.
“Want what?”
Sherlock was given a little time to breathe before, “Sixteen, seventeen,” hit against his upper thigh. God, he wasn’t going to be able to sit for a week.
Once he had calmed down a bit he removed his arm but kept his eyes on the ceiling. “That was amazing. That was the best blow job of my entire life. You’re brilliant.”
“Seven, eight!” Sherlock said with a half shriek as John landed two dead centre, dangerously close to his testicles. He tried to close his legs to protect himself, but he’d forgotten about the spreader bar. His ankles pulled at the restraints and he groaned as he realized he was exposed, trapped. God, it felt incredible.
“What did you inject him with?” John demanded.
It tickles me that it’s canon that John Watson shaves his legs. I know it was for The Hobbit but still!
Still, he much preferred Sherlock’s cleaning of his wounds than some nurse’s. Especially as he’d have to tell them what happened.
He soothed Sherlock’s nipple with a couple licks before blowing, cooling the saliva and Sherlock’s soreness both.
“This is an old friend of mine—”
“It’s December?” Sherlock asked, alarmed.
Water didn’t work well as a lubricant so Sherlock uncapped his conditioner and poured a generous amount onto his hand. He leaned down to spread some on both his and John’s erections. Then he had to bend down so he could take them both in hand.
“You’re a madman,” John said, smiling down.
John woke with a start, fighting the shadowy monster above him.
“Does it hurt? Don’t force it,” John said quickly.
John hadn’t seen Molly in that time and he hoped she was happier now.
Sherlock slid off a bit and looked up, wanting to make sure he wasn’t crossing a line.
John took a sip of his drink. This was hitting a little too close to home.
"Sherlock, little help?" John asked.
Slowly he raised back up, sticking his arse at Sherlock. He was embarrassed. This wasn’t something he should want. But just the one lick had felt so good!
“I don’t want an open marriage. I’m willing to try sexual things with you if that’s what you need.” It was hard to say that. It wasn’t that he was scared to have sex, per se. It was the same problem John had, really. He didn’t trust people. He didn’t want to open himself up, to ridicule, to pain, to rejection.
They raced each other, simultaneously trying to move quickly and hold out as long as possible.
“What? No! Flatmates!” Sherlock asserted.
He was high on endorphins and he was pretty sure he’d never felt this complete. He had given orders before, in fact, he was in the habit of bossing around Lestrade and his team. Commanding John was completely different.
“Filthy little creature, you are,” John said, pupils blown wide. He took Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him deeply.
The plug made the cage so much worse. John had grown accustomed to the weight, he’d even adjusted to the frustrating throbbing sensation when his cock had tried to get hard. But now he had something rubbing against his prostate. He wildly imagined that he was leaking so much that he had a wet spot on his trousers. He hadn’t, of course, but it sure felt like it.
“Why?” John asked, confused. He rather liked being next to the bathroom. There was a toilet upstairs but John didn’t use it. It was more than a little finicky.
“Let me,” Sherlock said, coming up next to him.
He stepped forward and took Sherlock's face into his hand. His thumb brushed Sherlock's cheekbone as his other hand buried itself in Sherlock's curls. John pulled him down, stood on his toes and kissed him.
Probably mortified.
“Stabilize the sound with one hand and place the end to the opening,” John instructed.
It seemed John was close to coming. He was twitching -- his legs, his hands, even his cock. He took one of his hands and felt down Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock moved to take him deeper. Sherlock knew when John felt his cock through Sherlock’s throat because John groaned.
Ella told him to write a blog about everything that happened to him but nothing happened to him. Ella told him to put in for a private matching to get him through until marriage and John just barely managed not to laugh. What Dom would want him? He was headstrong, independent... damaged... old. Only thirty-five but without any submissive training, professional or private. He had PTSD for Christ sakes. John came home and cleaned the weapon he'd smuggled into the country and didn't tell Ella that if he started writing about his pointless life he'd end it.
John didn’t bother answering. Sherlock wouldn’t care why in a moment.
Shorter chapter this time. Sorry. Hopefully it's still good.
Sherlock was able to listen to John’s stories and engage with him properly. John glowed in the light of the candle Angelo brought for their table. When John started giggling with a glass of wine in his hand Sherlock nearly broke and proposed right then.
Sherlock looked down to see John, lips red and shiny, eyes closed, long blond eyelashes brushing his pink cheeks. He licked and sucked and Sherlock had to stop him.
On edge as it was from his prior activities before being interrupted, the additional stimulation of a muscular and aroused army doctor splayed across him proves to be too much.  Sherlock arches his back and cries out, his come coating John, the pressure so great that it hit John on his chin.
“Because it was a date,” John said. He was nervous. He wanted this. He’d wanted it for a very long time.
Sherlock bit back a moan when a third joined them.
“Good thing you shave your legs. Don’t have to worry about the hair getting caught up in the scabs,” Sherlock said.
He could feel whenever John tightened his legs and his cock nudged John’s bollox.
But none of that was as intimate as Sherlock’s other arm. He’d taken John’s hand and interlaced their fingers, his larger hand covering John’s smaller. He pulled their hands to John’s chest and pressed against John’s breastbone. John could feel his heartbeat and knew Sherlock could feel it as well. It was probably only through the backs of his long fingers but, John’s heart was so full, beating so vehemently with the tenderness of the moment, that John thought Sherlock might just be able to feel it in his palm.
There was a tightness in his abdomen he knew he was close.
“Very well,” Mycroft finally ceased the cryptic game he was playing. “Sherlock has resumed the case he’d taken before Moriarty reappeared.”
Special thanks to my beta
“John Watson, when we met you said that something had finally happened to you, that I was strangely likeable and that I was charming.”
“No, we’re done with foreplay,” John said. He didn’t want to injure Sherlock. He said he could hold still but he squirmed all over the place. John was determined not to hurt him, especially his manhood.
“Never! You’re a romantic, and when those efforts are focused on me I’m quite fond of that aspect of your personality.” With a pleased smile, Sherlock showed off his own finger. “I made mine to match. Your eyes are much trickier to get right, you know.”
“A bit different from my day,” John said to hide his discomfort at meeting the potential flatmate. The man was wearing a suit in a lab! He was absurd. It reminded John of Sherlock… the idiot had worn a suit to Afghanistan.
Sherlock took a seat in an armchair on the off chance that the counsellor would say something upsetting and John would turn to him for comfort (and because he didn’t want John to recoil or slide away from him when he read his profile).
When he hung up he was furious with himself. He was mad at Mary too but he was mostly angry with himself. He’d forgone condoms for oral sex despite knowing the risks. Chlamydia could be spread through oral sex. It was possible he’d infected Sherlock.
With good reason. The cab was empty except for the driver, who was staring at them, following them at a crawl.
It made Mycroft’s comment sting all the more.
“No! Let me stop you right there. I’m not making a sex tape with you.”
Right?
Sherlock didn’t want John being nurturing toward him but John being clinical wasn’t much better.
“Count them, Sherlock. Ten,” John ordered.
Sherlock glared at her. He hated dealing with tedious things like bills.
Three times in rapid succession the paddle swung down and up, hitting the bottom of Sherlock’s plush arse, causing it to jiggle and pain bloomed not only where John hit but it pulled on the marks left by the crop, causing an additional sting. His erection dragged over the sheets. Plus his feet started to burn. His brain flooded and he forgot his own name.
John cleared his throat. “Yes,” he said in a deeper register.
“Ah…” Sherlock needed to say something, to do something. John was waiting for him. John depended on him. This sub, this person he’d only met today, was his responsibility,
“Fine, I’ll dominate you. But the rules are the same. I chose the scene.”
“Yeah,” John said without feeling. If this William Holmes person pushed for a sexual relationship he hoped it would be like the one John had with his commander. Sholto had respected John’s no penetration rule and they’d gotten along fine with hand and blow jobs.
Sherlock shut the door behind John and turned to look at him. John was fidgeting nervously and his eyes flickered between Sherlock and the items in his room.
Sherlock could see John’s hand hovering in his peripheral vision and he took it and put it on his head. It was what John wanted, he was just too polite to go for it. Sherlock wrapped his fingers around John’s and pulled a bit, showing John he liked his hair pulled.
“You really believe that, don’t you?”
“You don’t worry enough,” John countered.
“I wanted to tell you your Christmas present,” John said.
John walked forward, silently objecting to the bold move.
“You got them to kill themselves like this?” That didn’t make any sense.
Tomorrow. His wedding was tomorrow.
"Sher-loc," Jawn used the tone Mycroft used when he was frustrated with them, "keep up. I have to check on everyone else."
“You’re too coherent,” John accused.
People were staring at him, at them. He hated it. His whole family had come for the wedding. His side of the room was full of uncles and cousins and aunts and people he didn’t care for and hadn’t seen for years. His grandmother was giving him a stern look.
John smiled.
Sherlock stood, sending his stool clattering to the ground. “No,” he says with finality; as if he argued enough it wouldn’t be true.
There it was. Sherlock hadn’t been lying after all. John smiled down at the birth certificate. Of course, Sherlock would abandon the other names. Too common for him. The git had even lied about his birthday.
John laughed and pulled Sherlock to his feet.
A bead of sweat run up his spine to his neck. Sweat was dripping down his face. His legs were shaking, about to give out. One more minute, John was nearly shaking.
John looked up at Sherlock, searching for answers. Why had Mary cheated on him? Why had she never said? Why had she pretended Rosie was John’s? Why had she left a note for Rosie’s real dad delivered on her death?
“How many?” Sherlock asked.
The distraction allowed O'Murtagh to get away. He laughed wickedly.
“John,” Sherlock gasped.
Mention of self-harm and mental anguish.
Sherlock frowned down at him.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s neck and yanked his head down for a kiss. John’s lips weren’t chapped, they were slick. Of course, he worked in the hospital, he had access to Chapstick. He was a doctor or… something… knew… dehydration…
“Jhn,” Sherlock tried, his mouth fumbling over the name, no command in his tone whatsoever.
His sub had been abandoned. He hadn’t heard a command in quite some time. He was sure the government had counselling for subs that left the military, did they not give commands there? If not it was a grievous oversight. His sub had gone from hearing several commands a day to none at all.
“Sherlock, please,
“I’ve been matched. My wedding is tomorrow. If you want to give me away—”
“I need a walk,” John announced. He couldn’t tell Sherlock he had an STI with all these people in the house and he really needed to get the thought that Mrs Hudson had heard their amorous activities out of his head.
John wanted to argue, to interject, to say something, but he had thought a lot about his and Sherlock’s relationship while Sherlock was gone. After the funeral he couldn’t stop thinking about it. He had gone to countless jewellers, trying to find the perfect ring. He hadn’t managed to, though. He’d written a million speeches but discarded each one. Nothing about any of it was right. At this rate he’d decided he would just blurt out, “Will you marry me?” as soon as he saw Sherlock.
Sherlock did and John pushed in. Sherlock had to bend over because John was so short but John checked and Sherlock’s torso wasn’t touching his penis. Sherlock wrapped his ungloved hand around the base of his cock to hold it while he sucked.
Sherlock imagined John, sitting on the edge of his chair, legs spread, Sherlock’s fingers up his arse and his face buried in John’s dark pubic hair. Mouth filled with that huge cock. John’s come voluminous after so much prostate stimulation. Sherlock could keep him on edge for hours. Teasing him with his hands and tongue until he begged to come. Then swallowing everything. Having John’s taste on his tongue.
written across the top.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth pulled up into a smile. “William Sherlock Scott Watson, it is, then?”
The feather danced over Sherlock’s nipple again and Sherlock jumped. John played with Sherlock’s nipple, ignoring Sherlock’s shaking chocked off sobs. He alternated between soft and hard touches so Sherlock couldn’t grow immune to the contact.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe… he was… and his prostate… and his cock! …and—
“London,” Sherlock said. He guessed that John had assumed that from the accent but he was happy John had asked -- he was smart enough to know that an accent could be faked.
“You were interested before your commander showed up. If he gives you the go ahead it wouldn’t be cheating. Really, it saved us a step and your guilt later.”
Sherlock could deduce how little food John had at home and declined the apple figuring it would be better for John to eat it, if not now then after their appointment. John was a proud man and Sherlock didn’t think he’d stand for Sherlock buying him food after they were done with the councillor.
John walked to the pub to find Lestrade already there.
The ring, which had been discarded in favour of touching, was retrieved and placed on John’s finger.
No, he wasn’t going to subject his sub to his family’s snide or pitying (depending on the family member) comments. John wouldn’t appreciate it and Sherlock didn’t want to endure it.
“I’ll take the case.”
If you feel the need to write more of this to deliver on everything I should have done I am allowing my account to auto add to collections because I'm not sure works inspired will auto connect? Try that first tho.
“Oh, my god,” John gasped.
“Fuck me, please, I need it,” John begged, shameless after so much teasing.
John stood, wincing as he put weight on the leg the cat had really chewed on.
Sherlock looked back into the man’s eyes and found them darker, pupils dilated. Sherlock lowered his voice to say, “Tell me a better place to find soldiers.”
“Two, three,” hit up over his shoulders. “Four,” hit down Sherlock’s spine. The belt burned instead of stung and Sherlock was settling into the sensation.
He can’t, he’d never tried not changing back and he can’t stop himself.
“Goooooooood…” John moaned. “Please, Sherlock. Take me in your hand, use your mouth, let me come,
John had wanted to go off and buy Sherlock a present but he couldn’t leave in the middle of a case for no reason and he didn’t want Sherlock to know he hadn’t gotten him a gift if he didn’t already.
Three days later John limped up the stairs with Sherlock’s help. He was embarrassed, the suspect had trained her housecat to attack any intruders and he stepped forward to protect Sherlock from the beast. He hadn’t anticipated how difficult it was to fight a nine-pound animal hell-bent on eating his leg.
“Mmm,” a hum was the warning Sherlock got before another, more compact body pressed against his, this time from behind. Smaller hands groped his arse. There was a hiss as John inhaled.
“Fuck, your fucking
When they were both seated John asked, “Didn’t your family want to, I don’t know, take pictures or something?”
Sherlock pulled off, taking John in hand and working him.
John was humiliated. At first, the appointment was going well, he had to force himself away from the thoughts of all the ways he could take Sherlock’s virginity, and he’d even teased his Dom about his job. Plus, Sherlock didn’t put any pressure on him, moving into his flat would help with his expenses. And Sherlock had said there was a second room. If they decided not to have sex or if John found he needed space he had a place to go.
“Let it back in. Fuck your cock, Sherlock,” John said, uncaring that Sherlock wasn’t calling him ‘sir.’
“I want his mouth,” James said.
“Yes, please, sir,” Sherlock said. He looked up at his Dom and saw him working out his shoulder. “Do you need a break, sir?”
“Who do you think you are?!” Watson bellowed irately, hands raising in agitation.
without whom we'd have no idea what dragon Sherlock actually looks like. Go check out her fics! :D
“Bedroom?” John asked.
They seemed disappointed by this answer, or maybe they were frustrated. John was starting to get a migraine.
Sherlock whimpered a high sound out of his nose.
John gave a short nod and left before Sherlock could finish his question. Of course he wasn’t! How could he be? How could he share a bed with Sherlock, with anyone, when he had nightmares? It would be one thing if he didn’t lash out when he woke, but he did. If he hadn’t already hurt Sherlock—and John was fairly certain he had—he would eventually. It was inevitable.
“What?” Sherlock asked with a smile before biting along the top of John’s shoulder. “They’re love bites, John. Proof that I love you.”
Some world building. Just a little wrap up before the next chapter. Huge thanks to my betas
Sherlock would say it was sentimental nonsense, but John couldn’t help but think it was fate. They were meant for each other.
He’d needlessly exposed Sherlock to an STI, he’d not thought about getting him a Christmas present, he’d denied that Sherlock and he were dating even though they’d said, “I love you,” to each other on multiple occasions.
Mary stood next to the bed, her top already unbuttoned.  She looked them over as they entered.  “I'm in the mood to have my winnings now. Get naked,” she ordered.
Sherlock sat in his chair, barely moving, not evening responding.  Echo.
“The cafeteria opens at 7 tomorrow morning.  I wouldn’t miss any more meals,” she said and looked back down at her computer.  “And try not to cause a scene.”
“John,” Sherlock called.
They got up and left the room, talking among themselves.  Sherlock turned to Greg.  “I’m not sure why I’m here.  If it’s Achaemenid history we’re talking about...”
Sherlock kissed him.  “We’re not.  Just...pleasantly surprised.”
He sat down.  Echo.
The voice sounded familiar, but he couldn’t place it.  It was male, but it wasn’t Greg or John.  He ran over and over in his mind what he had just said.  It didn’t make sense.  “Who are you?” he demanded.
The entire building was flooded with bright light.  There was a pit, probably about 8 feet tall, that was neatly divided into ten rows, each about twelve feet long.  Greg went down a set of stairs dug out of the dirt into the closest row.  Sherlock followed.  On either side of him were rough earthen cubbies stacked 6 feet high, and within the cubbies were clay tablets.  Sherlock reached into one and pulled out a tablet.  It was covered with the same sort of logograms that he had been deciphering.  “You told me there weren’t any more,” he accused.
He didn’t answer immediately, but waited.  How long? “Yes,” he said definitely, and then trailed back, “...but...no?”  Echo.
“Everything in that report is entirely accurate,” he said calmly.
Sherlock sat down and reviewed his notes.  He shook his head.  He closed his computer and stared up at the ceiling.  Maybe he should stop right now.  There were too many signals of something suspicious happening here.  But on the other hand, he had been given the opportunity of a lifetime.  His name would be synonymous with Champollion, Rawlinson, and Kober.  He’d have to think about it tomorrow morning, he decided, as he started to get ready for bed.
She looked over at Sherlock.  “Mmmmm. He knows exactly what I want,” she moaned as she parted her legs slightly so that he could lick her clit better.  “His tongue feels so good right now.”
“The material I found today,” Sally said, “You want me to keep excavating or do you want me to work on the analysis on it?”
He had noticed that building yesterday when he drove in since it stood out from the rest of the concrete buildings.  He also noticed quite a few burly men patrolling the entire camp.  Each of them carried some sort of submachine gun.  He still wasn’t sure what he was doing here.  This wasn’t what he expected at all.  He was in the middle of nowhere in what in the daylight looked like an armed camp.  He sighed and followed after Molly.
Greg stared hard at him.  “You were hired to come here and do a job.  If you don’t think you can, I’ll send you on your way.”
“I have to say that your work so far hasn’t been exactly what is really needed.  There is a reason why we refer to that as the library.  It was meant for public consumption, unlike the work down here.”  Richard walked over and leaning down behind a table pulled out a device and placed it on the table.  “Do you know what this is?”
“It’s nothing,” he stammered.  “I’ll...I’ll be down in a few minute.  Don’t wait for me.”
Many, many, many thanks to MissDavis for helping me with this.
Sherlock went to the desk and began to copy all of the notes he had made.  Molly’s questions and demeanor had put him on edge.  Maybe he was being paranoid, but he was positive that he wouldn’t be allowed to leave with drawings of what he had seen.  He wished he had been able to take pictures of the wall because then he would have had proof of the existence of the script, but his drawings would be better than nothing.  Once he was done, he unzipped the lining of his suitcase and put the copied papers, evening them out as much as possible so it wouldn’t draw suspicion in case anybody checked.  Then he began to put his clothes into the bag.
“Come on,” Greg said, turning and heading back inside.  Sherlock followed him and down a narrow, ill-lit hall to a room.  Greg opened the door.  “It’s small,” he said, gesturing into the room, “but it’s better than being in a tent.  I’ll let you get settled in and then I’ll come get you to meet the rest of my team.”  He went back down the hall.
“I need it for my work,” he protested.
“Insisted,” Sherlock completed his sentence.  “I wasn’t aware of a benefactor.  I thought this dig was sponsored by the BIAA.  Who is the benefactor, then?”
He opened up his laptop.  There was a network that he could connect to, but it was secured.  He’d have to ask Greg for the password.  He’d need to get access to the internet to see if there were any other samples that others had seen that were similar to what he had just seen.
“My mobile?” Sherlock was confused.
“It’s a chimera,” the figure behind him said.  Sherlock pivoted and pointed the other rod at him.  The figure gestured and lights flooded the tube.  A massive metallic head, demonic in its visage, stared up at him.
Sherlock laughed a little nervously.  “A little.”
She pursed her lips.  “John is here for his expertise on Achaemenid history.”  It was like listening to Greg.  How much was he involved in?  Sherlock shook his head.  Not important now.  Needed to stay focused.
Sherlock stood on a small hill looking around, shielding his eyes from the harsh sun high overhead.  The landscape was empty.  He had been examining the dig to try and learn what was going on but ended up following a dirt trail away from the site.  Now he couldn’t find it.  He didn’t even see the buildings.  How far away did he walk?  He couldn’t have gone more than half a mile away at his pace.
Sherlock shrugged.  “I’m still working with a very limited vocabulary.  I think if I rushed, I could give you a translation within two weeks.  It would still be very rough.  It’s not like I have a dictionary to work from”
“Greg just showed me the most amazing thing in there,” Sherlock gushed.
“I’m sorry, I don’t speak Turkish,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock waited a few seconds before saying, “Anyway, about food...”
Sherlock stared at it.  It was a metal tube with what looked like a grip at one end.  “Clearly it’s some sort of weapon, Richard.  Or should I call you Jim?”  He looked up at him. “I know the company you keep and what their interests are.  Which means the benefactor is either a government or a terrorist organisation.  Given the amateurish nature of this dig, I’m going with terrorists.”
