“No.” Mycroft said but understood it had been a joke. Greg chuckled and they started to eat.
He nodded and said:
“No. I will only after I have made you my mate. And I haven’t as you might have noticed.”
“Next thing is the collar. You agree to wear a collar here at home but you want a new one.”
“Yes?” He called out. It could only be Sherlock and there he was. He carefully stuck his head inside. He had learnt then. He also didn’t stare at John’s naked body like he used to. Instead, his eyes were focused on the tiles above John’s head.
“You are a soldier.” His deep voice rumbled over John and it made his skin tingle a bit.
“Bloody hell!” John exclaimed.
Sherlock scanned the inside and raised a brow. The corpse wasn’t here.
Meanwhile, John had walked slowly over to Tesco thinking about dinner. He also thought about tonight. He was going to have sex with Sherlock. Penetrative sex with Sherlock. A man. He swallowed.
“Are you ready for a walk and dinner then?” Mycroft asked.
“I'll go and talk to Gregory and John. They are still at 221B. I won't tell them you are going to bid for him. I just tell them about a trace we have found.”
“Oh...” A sound of confusion came out of his mouth and he looked utterly helpless.
They stood in the bath with the light fully on. Sherlock expectantly looked at him and then at his crotch.
Sherlock didn't move and John took the ropes off. He just threw them over the side and on the hardwood. Sherlock quietly groaned and his arms were by his side and twitched a bit. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up.
“Where is yours?” Greg asked and then watched him reaching into his pocket. Greg grinned when entwining their fingers.
“No! Of course not! Please, I need you…” He reached out for John but didn’t dare to touch him.
“And from what I can see and feel, you are training a lot, aren’t you?” Greg whispered pressing a hand flat on Mycroft’s stomach.
“Actually, yes, I have. One time he shouted at me because I had run away after a criminal and he couldn't keep up. He was actually scared something would happen to me and waited with his aggressive behaviour until we were home again. I never saw it coming. He stood in the middle of 22B and yelled at me like a mad man.” Sherlock shook his head.
He shook his head once. Then he opened his bag and got the hairdryer. He plugged it in and dried his front. Since it was a very powerful hairdryer, he was done quickly. He just dropped it on the nightstand and decided to walk through the place. See, who else was here. Perhaps find out what was up for dinner and perhaps he would find a bar and have a drink.
“Nothing...” He replied. Gregory came over and his fingers carded through his hair.
“What about now?” John grinned and stood.
“Yes, but absolutely mandatory. So, please. Position your head right here. You have to get into the system.” Luke pointed towards a machine set in a front room for security. No one else was present.
Next, there was something fishy and Sherlock again ate only a little bit. He spent more time observing people. He wondered if the victim might choke on a piece of fish? It would be simple enough but didn’t happen.
“I certainly can do that.” He nodded.
John froze.
“Sherlock? I need a break, please? What about a coffee?” Sherlock looked at John and saw he had problems. He gently took his hand and led him over. He made him sit down and even got him a coffee.
“I'll serve dinner now, shall I?” Ian rubbed over his non-existing stomach.
John did not think he had failed in taking care of Sherlock. Should he have shown him more how much he appreciated him as his sub? He thought he had. Should he have been listening more often to Sherlock instead of gagging him? But he liked him being gagged. And tied up.
“I have, Sherlock.” He pulled him closer by his hand and took some strands of his wavy hair. And then John kissed him. Sherlock stilled completely. His eyes were closed. He seemed to be shocked but then a hitched noise erupted and he kissed John back. He could smell John close again and he felt happy. He really couldn’t remember when he had felt like this the last time. Perhaps he never had.
“I see.” Sherlock nodded and then looked at Greg.
He stood taking his tablet and started to plan. He printed the plans of the drawing-room and the music room. He wrote down what he thought might be needed. By now, he had learnt to wait with making decisions until Gregory was present again.
He quickly stepped up to him and locked eyes.
Sherlock had no idea how long he had been treated in here when his dom's flat hand landed on his stomach.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock slumped out of the kitchen. Ian shook his head and filled a bowl with soup. He carried it upstairs and knocked on John's door.
“Let’s talk.” Sherlock sat and pointed to the side of the bed. John would have preferred not to sit so close to him when talking about intimacy but he sat down. He didn’t want to argue with him.
“I wonder why …” They smiled at each other.
“Would you like warm socks?” John asked but he shook his head.
“Very well. Have a nice evening. Call us if you need anything.” He held out his hand for Mycroft who took it and stood.
“What? That’s it? We need to talk about it!” Greg simply stared.
“Well?” Sergej asked and Mycroft locked eyes with him. He opened his lips and closed them again. Then he licked them. And finally, he spoke.
He took hold of his nipple again and pulled it until it stood erect. Only then he got the ring and the little machine. He brought everything up and into the right position. Finally, he pushed the button or more pulled the trigger and the first nipple was pierced.
“See? It wasn't that bad, was it?” He smiled.
“I sure do. It will take a few days, I am afraid. Please, watch over Sherlock. He tends to hide somewhere and cry his heart out. Alone. Keep him busy. Give him work to do.”
Suddenly he felt the hunger gnaw through his intestines. He checked his watch and found it was almost dinner time. He hadn't prepared anything even though he knew that it was cook's day off. It would have to be take-away then. He didn't mind and knew Sherlock wouldn't either. But surely Mrs Hudson wouldn't approve.
Greg jumped down the stairs and got his coat from the rack by the door. He had actually installed it because he didn't want to use the wardrobe in the hall which actually was like a small room.
It was just as perfect as their times with bondage and such.
“Well, I hope he will do much more than only interrogating him.” Her voice was still weak but she would be fine again soon.
Anthea settled at his desk and adjusted the chair. She registered for the auction and was warmly welcomed after her credentials were checked.
John smiled. This had been it. He hadn’t needed more.
Sherlock checked his watch and switched to life-feed. Now they could watch her in her flat. There were several people carrying out her expensive things, handing over papers and taking her car keys. She looked very confused. At the end the owner of her flat arrived and showed her copies of his account proving she hadn’t been paying the rent for months. She tried to talk to him but he kept shaking his head.
“It’s hardship.”
“You know, he is doing all this for you, don’t you?” He asked.
Finally, he appeared dressed in pyjamas and a t-shirt. He looked much better. And it made Greg feel much better, too.
When John reached the pub, he looked hellish. It had been raining and he was dripping wet. Greg denied him the pub and took him home. John's teeth were chattering and his compact body shook.
Sherlock soothed him by moving his palm over his back rather tenderly.
“Go home and get me some decent clothes!”
“Perhaps you will change a bit with John around.” They both looked up and saw him talking to Greg. They laughed.
“We are summoned. Lestrade sent a text. Are you coming, Sir?” John smiled and stood. HE really liked being on crime-scenes. He always wondered if he could learn something new.
Sherlock was back quickly and carried a paper-bag. He carried it into the kitchen and arranged everything on the table. He was efficient and soon enough they sat down and Ian looked at him.
“Was it good?” John teased making him shout into the gag.
”Yes, of course. Count on him to arrive as soon as possible. I’ll be sending a helicopter.”
“There are still left-overs.” John pulled some out of the fridge and fried them in a pan. He whistled a tune while working and Sherlock just watched him.
“We could but shouldn’t do so all the time. It’s a bad habit.” John said and Sherlock shrugged turning away to pick up the plastic box. John smiled.
“Yes, sort of?” He croaked it out. Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock looked up at Greg and opened his mouth. It took him a few seconds but he finally spoke up.
“Swallow, slut, and make me come!” He just pushed once and came when Sherlock swallowed. His eyes slowly closed and he tried to manage but couldn’t. It ran out of his mouth and when John pulled back, he coughed and tried to get air into his lungs.
“What do I get?” Mycroft had sneaked up on them making Greg jump who wasn't yet used to that. John just looked over his shoulder and grinned.
“You understood me perfectly well, John. Please, afford me some dignity?” He spoke with a low voice and velvet timbre. It went right down John’s spine and Sherlock watched him twitch for half a second. John closed his eyes and sighed.
“It is sorry. It looked at the horse. Please, forgive it.” Now his arse got groped and he relaxed a bit.
“Of course, Sir. Do you wish delivery service or will you have it picked up?” A humming was heard.
“I am glad you liked what I did. You know, I have read everything and Mycroft told me a lot. I knew. I wanted to give this to you to show you how it could be. It does not mean I want you to do it to me. But you deserve to have your bad memories overwritten. It might have worked just now.” John smiled.
“I am afraid you have to go faster if you want to have the pizza ready on time.”
“Make yourself presentable.” Mycroft smiled.
“Very good. Just text me when you have arrived, OK?”
Right now, he actually wasn't sure if John even wanted to continue what they started. He arranged everything to perfection and wondered if he liked a wine. Actually, he liked one himself and opened a bottle.
“Sure.” He followed him into his examination-room and undressed. He looked at both his nipples and his cock where they had been pierced.
Right after John had angrily ranted about it back home, Sherlock had hacked into Tesco’s system and did something really nasty. His brother hadn’t been very happy about it but John had a splendid time.
“Lower your head, John, and don’t forget how to safeword.” John did as being told and then it became cold between his cheeks. He held his position while Sherlock lubed him up and patted his cheeks. Then something nudged at his hole and was slowly pushed inside. John groaned and wasn’t able to hold it back. The sensation after such a long time was alien and it burnt; it hurt. But he knew that this was Sherlock and Sherlock would make it good for him. And just to let him know he gave him the colour.
“No, it’s still over there and plugged in. I didn’t hear a noise coming from it.” Mycroft wanted to get up but moved too quickly. He fell back and softly groaned.
“Perhaps she did. But I lied.”
“Yes?” He quickly sipped his drink and she laughed being very much amused. The sound of it almost made him choke.
“Who is he? A mobster?” He asked.
“Sherlock, Dr Kim would like to remove the rings. Would you like that?” He sat by his other side.
John moved up close and pulled him towards him with his free arm.
“Yes, I would like that.” He placed his tumbler on the side-table and stood. Ian showed him his bedroom and the attached wardrobe.
No, it wasn't his fault. It was John Watson's doing, his entire fault. He had abused and hurt Sherlock, had lured him into his trap. Sherlock had thought he loved him and he loved him back with everything he had. Perhaps he had even liked the sex with him, at the beginning he surely had.
“Not at all, Mike. Come on in and show the good doctor around.” He smiled and so did Mike. From under his eyelashes, Sherlock kept watching the blond. He was nice to look at. He wasn’t tall but very muscular. He had strong thighs and broad shoulders and his hair was a mix of blond and grey. He also was a bit tanned, so he had recently returned from the battlefield. He probably had been sent home because there was also a cane on which he leant while listening to Mike.
“Is this about your scary brother?” Sherlock shrugged.
“Or no more saliva. I won't die from a few bite-marks.” Sherlock smiled at him. He was such a good man. Then Mycroft was there, too.
The man circled him and once and again poked him with the cane. Finally, he spoke.
“Mycroft and I want to make you a room here. I suggested to look for some of your belongings. I will go back to Baker Street and look for them. I will also go shopping and find some decent clothes for you. You can't always wear Mycroft's, can you?”
“I think you have deserved your reward, bitch.” Hopefully, Sherlock looked at him.
“I am sure he has a past. He was scared of hurting you. He didn't deny you because he doesn't want you. He denied you because he loves you dearly.” Now she stood and Mycroft simply stared up at her.
“It's nothing. I am just tired.” Sherlock wondered why he was lying to him but didn't talk back. He simply helped him getting undressed. His eyes roamed over his body. There were bandages and bruises but still Sherlock didn't speak.
“It was wonderful last night. Its performance was brilliant. Now I need to know if Sergej was on the phone and what he talked about.” And Sherlock told him everything. The name of the person he talked to as well as the topic of the conversation. His Master's eyes darkened with anger and the grip in his hair became tighter.
“I love you so much. I will never hurt you, not intentionally though.”
“What can I do to help?” He handed him the list.
“Did you record this?” Mycroft nodded.
“John, you can draw his blood later and examine it.” Mycroft bluntly told him.
He woke up early because the nurse disturbed his sleep to take his blood pressure one more time. He didn’t even argue with her. He was in a good mood and it showed.
Outside Greg had settled down with a computer provided by Mycroft to follow CCTV around Baker Street. He needed about one hour to find something.
He closed the lid of his laptop and placed it on his night-stand. Instead, he started to read a book he had bought ages ago. It was about espionage and supposed to be exciting. Only now Sherlock felt relaxed enough to read. He dove into the experience.
“Bored.”
His heartbeat quickened; his breath caught in his throat.
There was a moment of uncomfortable silence until the detective came back to life with more energy than John had seen in him ever since they’d entered this hell. He turned on his heels and started walking towards John; his expression wasn’t one of excitement, but more of determination. John thought the only other time Sherlock had looked at him like that was before he’d shot Magnussen. This wasn’t a good sign.
The room filled with silence once again, but John felt a rush of calm overtake his body this time. This was it. The words were out. They had been on the edge, about to spill, for years, and now they were finally out in the open.
“Obvious, Sherly.”
He wondered if this was how Sherlock had felt all those years ago at Bart’s—a moment frozen in time. In acceptance of whatever was to come next. There was nothing he could do about it. Nothing, except to watch how Sherlock processed this new piece of information and to wait for a response.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft urged as he tried to force his brother into action. But Sherlock still didn’t take his eyes off the screen.
“I can’t.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing?”
“Yeah.”
Silence fell upon them once again, but this time, it wasn’t uncomfortable. They stared at each other until a loud beep startled them, and Sherlock looked at the screen. The timer had stopped with 7 seconds left. All that could be heard was the two men’s quick breathing until Mycroft’s voice cut through the air sharply.
It clicked.
John took a deep breath, straightened his back and squared his shoulders, ready to face what was coming. Picking up the gun in his hand, he approached Sherlock. “Look,” he started, his voice surprisingly calm and steady. “I know this is difficult, and I know you are being tortured. But you have got to keep it together, yeah?”
It would always come down to this.
“What?”
Without missing a beat, John turned to Sherlock.
Before he can say another word, Sherlock, without breaking his stride, takes John in his arms and kisses him. For a moment, John is startled, but not unwilling. He returns the kiss. Slowly, his arms come up, his hands resting on Sherlock’s chest before they slide up against his neck and into his hair. Sherlock’s hands are on his lower back, holding him close, and they kiss. Their lips come apart for a second, they breathe, and Sherlock goes in to capture John’s again, but John’s hands are back to his chest and he pushes him, softly. The two separate. They stand close together, connected by a stare.
Another moment passes.
John punched the wall next to him, then swore under his breath, holding his hurt knuckles. He turned back towards Sherlock, whose frown could have been worry or shock. Maybe it was both. He sucked in a deep breath in a desperate attempt to get his anger back under control. Knowing he couldn’t back out of this anymore, he tried to swallow past the lump in his throat and began to speak.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Sherlock interrupted impatiently and started to pace. “And this, I presume, will be their coffin.”
Sherlock nods, absorbing the blow. Again.
John didn’t miss the slight quiver in Sherlock’s voice, and he suddenly realised how scared the detective must be. Not frightened that he was about to die, but scared to die without hearing those three words from John’s lips.
“Me too. ... I think we’re just drunk.”
“I love you, John.”
“Please… Just...”
had to be the one to say it, not the other way around. Eurus had been extremely clear about that. The words had to come from John’s lips, not from his own. So why didn’t John just say it?
“Hey.”
The words pierced through his heart like the sharpest knife, and Sherlock sucked in a breath. He let his gaze drop to the floor, unable to look at the doctor any longer.
Sherlock is bored. He’s done defending himself, justifying his actions. Done with John playing the victim, when he’s the one with the scars. He’s done pretending.
Eurus appeared on the screen with a grin on her face. “Saved? from what?” she chuckled. “Oh, do be sensible, there were no explosives in your little room. Why would I be so quick to end the fun? You didn’t win, you lost. Look what you did to your friend. Look what you did to yourself. All those complicated little emotions, I lost count. Emotional context, Sherlock. It destroys you every time.”
, but he doesn’t say anything, lets the silence fall on them.
“Yeah, I’m sorry I insisted. This was…” he leans his head to the side, looking for a word. Sherlock wants to help, supply
“Well, I… I… I can’t…”
“...tired, John. But you can stay, I’ll just go home and lay down.”
Falling.
“A child’s coffin would be more expensive. This is in the lower price range, although still best available in that bracket.”
John lingered a moment longer before he turned back to Sherlock and approached him. “Sherlock...” He watched how Sherlock tensed, turned towards him, put his trembling hands across his face and slid down against the wall in defeat.
He knew what he had to do. The detective opened his mouth to speak, but the words didn’t come. His eyes screwed shut tightly in frustration as he tried to swallow past his own fear. He took a deep breath and tried again.
Moriarty’s face appeared on the screen, covered by a red filter. “Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock.”
John’s on his mobile, standing on the pavement under a streetlight, in front of the hotel.
And suddenly, he knew why John wanted Sherlock to be the one who said it. He didn’t mention this painful event of their past because he was angry. It was because from that moment; John had started to doubt if his feelings would ever be reciprocated. John could never say those words if he couldn’t be sure he would ever hear them back.
He picks up his cigarette pack, lights one, gives John a small nod, and turns around, walking down the pavement into the darkness of the night. His heart is beating fast in his chest, and his face is wet, freezing in the cold wind, but he ignores it. Ignores the calls of his body, because if he didn’t, he’d be crashing down. And so he ignores it all, focusing on the smoke burning his lungs and the sound of his shoes on the cement.
John’s breath caught, and he swallowed. Was this real? This couldn’t be real... Was it? How many times, how many times had he desperately hoped to hear those words, those little words he’d been too scared, too weak to say, to ask for, to seek. Those words he’d wanted to say all those years ago, with a bomb strapped to his chest and a psychopath taunting him. Words he’d hidden as Irene Adler had tried to pry them from him in an abandoned warehouse. Words he’d regretted losing as he talked to that black tombstone. Words he’d almost yelled on the tarmac towards the plane taking away his one true chance at happiness, words he’d almost mumbled on his stag night so many times he’d fallen asleep with them on his tongue, words that had burned his lips every day for years. Words he’d killed for, words he’d die for.
They’re at a Yard event, a gala of some sort. Sherlock’s not quite sure, but he knows he and John were personally invited and even though he tried to argue, John forced him to attend. And that’s how he finds himself leaning back against the bar of a hotel's conference room, watching people talking and dancing. John is across the room, Mary on his arm, socializing. Probably discussing their upcoming wedding. They look like any other couple here tonight, happy, together. Communicating without saying words, existing as a unit.
“Why are you dressed like a soldier?” He asked and only then saw the bloodstains on the carabineers and even some on John's neck and ears and in his hair. He reached out for him and his long finger moved over the side of his head.
“If you need to safeword, then do it. Otherwise, I advise you to behave!” John sobbed.
He closed his eyes. The rest was sort of blurry but he very clearly remembered being hit flat in the face. Only why had they rowed first-hand?
Sherlock felt better after having let go. He felt relaxed. He was exhausted and tired. He was engulfed in warmth and his spine still tingled. He slowly spread his toes and chewed on the gag. He wasn't aware of the sounds he made. He simply felt good. He floated on soft clouds and was completely caught inside his body. His brain was offline.
“What?” John looked between them.
“I was sad. I did it wrong. Again. I didn’t mean to upset you.” Sherlock tried to find the right words.
“They offer takeaway?” Mycroft asked.
But Ian just laughed shaking his head.
“It wasn’t your intention then?” Sherlock curiously asked. John shook his head.
He was reminded of his meals by Ian's texts though and he did go into the kitchen to prepare a snack. He even went so far as to send a picture of it to Ian.
“You mean madhouse, don't you?” They looked at each other. Mycroft carefully shrugged.
“You know what’s weird though? He worked with Moran to help Moriarty. He let him close, very much so. It seemed he trusted him. I don’t know why. But it worked vice versa because I caught Moran sitting on Sherlock’s bed, fast asleep, and with Sherlock still in it.” Mycroft just stared at John.
It would be a first for John. He never had penetrative sex with a man. He had done some kissing and groping back in university and also during the war but nothing more.
“Oh…” Sherlock looked more closely. “Interesting.” He left them on the table and stood. His bones cracked and he felt extremely pleased.
They had a wonderful shower and got rid of their morning woods together. Greg gently towelled him dry and Mycroft clearly enjoyed his administrations. It was probably his first time but he let him do it.
“Go!” The commanding officer ordered and they quietly opened the door. They sprayed some fluid over the metal and quietly pulled it open. They hurried inside and parted on the way. In seconds they had disappeared inside the castle.
John sat cross-legged on top of Sherlock's bed. He still called it that because he didn't feel like they were an item anymore. He still loved him though. He wanted him back. No, he needed him back to make himself very clear. Sherlock had to understand that his behaviour must change if he wanted him to stay.
“Really? That's good, isn't it?” John said. Sherlock didn't react at all.
“James assumes we are a couple, too.” John said and saw Sherlock tense.
“I am well aware of the fact that my little brother is being dommed by you. You have a reputation, I must say. I believe the first problems have occurred but you are still at 221B. You must somehow have managed the situation and admittedly I am surprised.” Mycroft held his saucer and teacup looking over the edge at John.
“Of course, brother-dear.” He carried everything up and into his room. He sat in his armchair and folded his long legs beneath him. Then he started to read.
“Oi!” Sherlock threw the folder back on his desk.
“Yes, I am. I hurt him badly and it felt horrible. But he forgave me.” Slowly John's head turned around. He looked at him and he smiled. Then he turned around again. Sherlock pressed his toes into his back once. Mycroft leant back into the sofa and sighed sipping his blood. He looked at Greg's back and felt his cock twitch. He so wanted to have him.
“I am sorry. I should have just asked. We should have talked about all this. I…”
“It was parked in a garage in Richmond. We are checking CCTV already. Forensics are on the way.” Greg replied. Mycroft mentally went through Sherlock's folder with evidence and searched for Richmond. There was nothing. They probably had simply just changed cars.
“There you are. Now please, do your wonders. I am achingly hard and I want to fucking remember something while I miss you.” Sherlock gaped.
“I would like to go home now.” John shivered when his lips brushed over his ear. He just nodded and Sherlock tightened his grip around him. Then he jumped and brought them down. He kept his arm around John and they walked back to the car very close to each other.
“No, I don't think so.”
They entered a large bedroom with a wonderful four-poster. Sherlock was impressed. This man must be rich. He had a large house, a beautifully furnished home.
“But you surely know what you like, don’t you?” Greg said.
The voice of his sister started to argue inside his head.
“Yes, Captain.” It came out softly and John stroked over his muscular stomach.
He sighed again and stood. He had collected everything Sherlock had asked for in front of the door. Now he wondered what else he could bring. Finally, he grinned. He collected everything Sherlock needed to set up a small lab with. Mycroft would probably kick his arse but he didn't mind. The main thing was that Sherlock was happy and kept busy.
“You are so beautiful like this, John. So beautiful.” John looked up and got overwhelmed by his feelings. His eyes watered and tears spilt out of his eyes. Sherlock just kissed them away. And then he took off the gag and shoved his cock into John whose eyes almost popped out of their sockets. Sherlock fucked his face and pushed far down making him swallow around his head. More tears were shed and snot dribbled out of his nose now, too.
“You are more important than anything.” Sherlock simply said and John felt warm.
?” He asked but Greg shook his head.
“Really?” He asked.
John reached into his pocket and pulled out a collar. He put it around Sherlock’s neck and he froze.
“Cats have claws to defend themselves.” Sherlock murmured. John quietly giggled and it made Sherlock’s head jump.
“Just tell me.” Greg considered everything and looked again at John's blotchy face. He had to have a serious reason for this. Also, Greg considered his own feelings. He had never liked Mycroft. He was a control freak and always after his brother. Back then, when he had found an almost drugged to death Sherlock, he had thought he'd met the most caring brother. But when he watched Sherlock being taken away by him and looked into his eyes, he had wondered if he had done the right thing.
“Yes, DI Lestrade told me you have taken over and I wanted to see how it is going.” Sherlock looked up and his eyes slanted.
“Yes. Absolutely. Can’t wait…” Greg roughly whispered. Mycroft slowly nodded letting his eyes roam over his handsome face. There was no doubt or fear. And he began.
“Have you become a rebel over the night?” He asked looking up at him. Sherlock shook his head.
“You look great. Come here!” Greg said and spread his arms. Mycroft hurried to oblige and at once felt much better. He also knew what Gregory would do next and right he was. His fingers went up and tousled his ginger hair until he was pleased.
Then he fell back and the lights went out. The world became black. The last thing he heard was his name and it sounded rather questioningly.
The team upstairs had to be very quiet and careful. They had detected body-warmth in one room and now even heard him speak. Mycroft felt calm and collected. If possible, he would make his death worthwhile. If not, he would simply shoot him.
A few minutes later, Mycroft was hooked up to the ceiling and his long legs were spread by a bar around his ankles. His cock was on his way up again. It had gone soft when he had safeworded. It started to leak when Sergej dangled a ball-gag in front of his eyes.
Sherlock wanted to place his palm on his neck. Sherlock wanted to see how far his fingers would cover his skin. Sherlock wanted to feel his skin.
“Jesus, you are way too thin.” John was able to hold his wrists together with one hand. His free hand pulled out his leather belt. Sherlock started to fight again and now John once smacked his arse.
“Dr Watson?” Fear shone in her eyes and Anthea held her by the shoulders.
“How did you do that? I mean, there must be cameras inside her rooms.” He was in awe when looking at Sherlock.
“I want to be with you. I crave your skin and your touches…” He blushed even more and shifted on the spot.
He needed to stay alive. He must do what they asked of him. He wanted to see John again. He wanted to be with John again. He hated himself for having treated John so badly.
Greg rubbed over his tired eyes and swayed on the spot. Then he heard the voice. Myc's voice.
, cock easily. He had tensed during the first minute but soon managed.
“Please, Master...” John saw his wide panicked eyes and enjoyed the morning-show. But then he knew he couldn't appear before the court all blotchy.
“There are rewards. Lesson learnt.” He moved the wand over his balls, too. Sherlock came and wanted to disappear into thin air. Both of them laughed.
“What? No!” John exclaimed and kissed him hungrily. He held him down this time and kissed him teeth and tongue until Sherlock rutted against him. Then he threw them around so he was on top.
Of course, there had to be Sergeant Donovan, Sally, at the crime scene, too. She frowned when seeing Sherlock but then wickedly smiled. She looked at John though.
“You can't escape, slut. You stand no chance. You should know better.” Sherlock was shocked and stumbled. He fell hard but got up again quickly. He was dirty and surely bruised but he didn't stop. His breath was coming hard and fast and he knew he wasn't as fit as he once was.
“I thought he might find that a bit pedestrian.” They both laughed and giggled for a while.
After a few minutes, his head came back up. He wiped over his eyes facing away.
Sherlock was completely done. He wasn’t able to move when John pulled out too quickly to make it hurt again. He just groaned. He roughly yelled again when he shoved a plug into him to keep the cum inside.
“When do we have to leave?” John asked letting go. Sherlock didn’t want him to go away and kept holding him tighter. John stopped moving and tilted his head.
“Come on.” Mycroft let go and they walked into the dining room.
“Yes, as soon as we have them, we will be close to the coast and board the boat. We will go to France and hide there.”
“That's why I am letting my guard down with you, love. Tomorrow I will be my professional self. John Watson will be none the wiser and if you are right, Sherlock won't even look at me.” They had finished the bottle and by now Greg was almost falling asleep.
“I haven’t been doing this for ages.” He sounded very thoughtful when he gestured through the air.
He carried everything downstairs where Greg already stood. He didn’t have a bag but a large cardboard box. He shrugged and a small smile tugged up Sherlock’s lips.
“Yes, I am implying exactly that. How else do you explain he knew where to find Sherlock?” Mycroft still stared at him but he finally nodded.
John quietly laughed.
“I never know, I never can be sure that what happened isn’t my fault. Normally it is, you know? People have left me before and it was always because of me. So when I couldn’t find you, I assumed the worst.” Sherlock whispered moving his palms over John’s back.
He entered the place through the back-door as he always did. A butler he hadn't seen yet brought him up to Mycroft's rooms. Sherlock waited until the door closed behind him and only then spoke.
“Stop it …” He weakly said. John shook his head.
“Very well, Sherlock. I’ll do it. Goodbye.” He said after a moment and then he hung up.
John didn’t move but tilted his head back. He also closed his eyes. He could not look at Sherlock.
“I’ll do whatever you want me to. I’ll beg, I’ll suck you off, I’ll offer myself. Just do me. Keep holding me down or use things, I don’t care. Just be with me, please.” Now his eyes were closed.
“I didn’t just want to invade your room after what happened but if I am welcome?” He hopefully looked at him and Sherlock quietly snorted.
“Thank you.” Mycroft and Raven left the room followed by David. John stayed with her and Greg didn't know what to do. He finally decided to put a warm bottle on his side.
“It includes the thing you just mentioned.” Sherlock rasped out but his hands were shaking and his head was turned away.
“No, they would have taken it away anyway.” He replied.
Sherlock actually found a mobile in his office, as well. And he received several texts from Ian who let him know about his business and even news about John. Sherlock felt very good and kept working through the day.
“Are you in the mood?” He asked and John looked up. Then he simply threw his book on the hardwood because he saw Sherlock standing there all naked and handcuffs were dangling from his long fingers.
“I don’t know how. You know I am not good with that.”
“Don't mention it!” And gone she was. Sherlock looked at Greg.
John worked regularly at the clinic and when he had time off, he joined Sherlock. Sherlock took a lot of time to finally find a suitable suspect and he was very pleased. He called his brother first though because the suspect was a member of the British Parliament.
“I don't care when or what anymore.” John pitied her. What had happened to Sherlock wasn't her fault but she was the only way to help him. There was a wheelchair in the room and David rolled it up to the side of the bed. John gently placed her in there and they rolled her downstairs.
“Johnny-Boy, don’t be so untidy! You are giving me even more reasons to punish you!”
“What do you think? Would he like to go to a pub with me?”
“See you soon, love.” And she left the flat. John sat down in an armchair whose back was covered by a woollen blanket.
Greg looked at him and again wondered about his abilities. But he smiled and relaxed. He helped Sherlock getting dressed who didn't mind Greg around. Mycroft dressed back into his uniform.
“But now I am here. Let me help, please.” Sherlock already moved up his shirt and stepped up to the sink. He washed his hands and Ian stepped aside. He knew how great a cook Sherlock was and let him do as he pleased.
He locked eyes with Sherlock and smiled. He reached out and touched his face.
Another rope was attached to his balls and from there upwards into the rope bindings. John took off the mask and held him up by his hair.
“Yes. Yes, I would. Not now though. Now I want to make love to you.” He held his gaze and for a few seconds, Sherlock just stared. Slowly though a smile tugged up his lips. He relaxed back into the cushions.
Sherlock and Erebus are chatting one day as they watch hatchlings run to and fro, stirring up mischief and mayhem that requires constant supervision. Erebus chuckles as one little peng runs headfirst into Sherlock’s leg, bounces off, and scuttles away.
He slips the email back into the folder and picks up the next set of papers in the stack. He knows this one almost by heart, but reads it again anyway.
The key in the downstairs lock is perfectly timed, and Sherlock races down the hallway to get to the door of their flat before John can open it. He rests his hand on the doorknob and waits for the sound of John's footsteps before unlocking it and pulling it open a crack. For god's sake, he chides himself, why is he so nervous all of a sudden? He remains hidden behind the door, showing only a sliver of his face.
Sherlock will miss them when he’s gone.
“Yes, he is! He’s just a little shy right now because you guys are so important.” Kahu lowers his voice to a whisper-yell and calls back over his shoulder, “Ariki, come
“To Janine. Janine, the same Janine that sits on the Junior Council with us? The same Janine that studies under Vela? The same Janine that is female?”
Sherlock positioned himself on his knees behind John, let his cock rest in the cleft at the top of John’s ass. He stroked John’s sides, over his ribs, his waist, up his spine, down. He steadied himself with his long fingers low on John’s hips, and used his thumbs to open him more, then he nudged his cock up and down John’s hot flesh. He stared at John’s hole and wondered what it would be like to push in, to disappear inside, to bury himself. He brushed the leaking tip of his erection right there, a missile finding its target, and rubbed until John’s hole was slick with pre-come.
Sherlock dug his hands into his pockets and grinned.
“I’ll tell you later.” Sherlock pulled out his phone and handed it to Greg. “Here, call yourself on my phone, so I’ll have your number. We’ll call you later to let you know the plan. In the meantime, stall Stephan.”
“Never mind that. Kiss me again.”
He pulled his thoughts away from John's talent at physically destroying and rebuilding him, and checked into the conversation taking place behind him.
. Silly name aside, Sherlock was appreciative of the quick response. He crafted his message as quickly as possible, then hit the send button.
“How many things did we order?” John asked, dragging a slice of fresh bread through the dredges of a rioja wine glaze and popping it in his mouth.
“Git. Fine. Or maybe you can teach me to play it? I wasn’t half bad in school.”
Sherlock can hear the slick pumping of John’s hand on his cock, can hear John grunting
Sherlock steps forward, aware only of the shifting perspective of the arc of emperors around him as he closes the distance. When he is in line with the two penguins at the end of the curve, he stops. He’s not sure if he should bow, or show some other sign of regard, so he decides to lower his head for a moment. While bending low, he tucks one wing under the other, and retrieves the tooth.
John came down hard on top of him, shaking, and Sherlock could feel the zipper of the letter jacket digging into his skin. Bliss.
He smirks at John and the other junior pengs, and he and Mycroft take their leave. As they walk away, Sherlock hears Lestra count down for Janine.
“Same thing,” John shrugged.
“You created the world’s worst analogy, and now you have to live with it.”
"John, they’ve been working with her on that since you left because she didn’t want to wait to start learning. You cannot fault them for their good intentions."
Kororā praised each of the presented males in turn for their strengths, but defended Pono for her kindness and grace. Pono, Kororā pointed out, had helped feed the elderly members of the colony before they were greeted and carried beyond by Death. She had cared for chicks who had lost a parent, shared her food, helped incubate abandoned eggs. She had given selflessly of herself, putting herself last in order to serve others.
They sipped their coffee and chatted about the weather, and after twenty minutes or so, Mr. Watson stood up, put his cup in the sink, and got ready to head back out.
“No, I’d say she knew Daniel before she ever met you, John. I assume she dated you to try to get information about James’ whereabouts. Is that right, Mary?”
Sherlock sighed. “We were such idiots, John. That’s why I pushed you off, because I was afraid you could tell I was getting, you know, hard.”
Sherlock nodded and laughed and cried, and John kissed him, snotty nose and all.
“Everything okay?” Sherlock asked.
Kahu nods vigorously. “Yes. She’s
“I don’t know, it sounds a lot better than you telling me what she ate for breakfast.”
Sherlock stared.
John tackled Sherlock to the floor and straddled his hips with his thighs, slowly climbing up Sherlock's body in his attempt to reach the phone, still held high above his head, only now, on the floor.
. He pulled his arms underneath his chest and tried to leverage himself up a bit.
“We’ve talked about walrus kelp before, but now you’ll get a chance to see how well this strong, flexible seaplant works for this type of injury.” Cetus keeps talking, but Sherlock’s mind drifts as he puts together the disparate pieces of this new puzzle.
John hugs her next, and asks, “How are you holding up, Tui, and what can we do to help?”
“I suppose. And truth be told, I’ve kept my distance, too, knowing how you felt about him showing up here announced.”
“Oh God, I’m sorry, is that too much? Have I put you off?” John sat up and reached his hand out toward Sherlock, then let it fall back to the bed when Sherlock didn’t take it.
“Mmm.” Sherlock nudged his hips against John’s. “I’m not very decent right now. You tend to have that effect on me.”
“I took a cab. It dropped me.” Sherlock turned and pointed towards the end of the road. “Just there. I wasn’t trying to sneak up on you.”
“John, look.”
“I need to get inside the office and take a look around when no one else is here, but I’m almost positive the owner of this shop is setting Molly up as a scapegoat for her own crime, perhaps embezzlement or money laundering.”
“Interesting.” Sherlock steepled his fingers under his lower lip and squinted into the fireplace.
“She said that? She said ‘finally’?”
“It’s a very aristocratic nose. And phallic.”
Sherlock presses his wings together under his bill, and hums. “Stupefied?”
“Two whole weeks?” John teased.
Sherlock took a step forward and looked back and forth between them. “Where’s James going?”
Sherlock hated to disappoint them. “Yes and no. The footage helped me narrow down the window of time the suspect was on the property, which is useful. James, the outdoor surveillance shows your driver’s car arrived when you said it did. We see the driver get out of the car and walk to the side door, knock, then enter the house when the door is opened. Shortly after, the footage stops and is off for twenty-seven minutes. When it comes on again we have approximately twenty-five minutes of nothing until you and your driver come arrive back at the house. Nothing looks out of the ordinary. You go inside and your driver gets back in his car and leaves.”
“It’s amazing.”
“Like Kororā and Pono?" Sherlock asks. "I don't even know if they really existed, but regardless, they exist in our history, and they will be always together.”
John leaned over and kissed him. “Good. That makes me glad. Because I plan on touching you an awful lot.”
The room is dark and they are covered in the half of the duvet that John must have flipped up over them. Sherlock struggles to wakefulness and turns toward John where he lies at his side.
The same emperor at the centre of the council’s arc addresses him again. “And what is the nature of your business, Sherlock of Pobeda?”
“My whole life, Sherlock,” he heard John say. “I wasn’t kidding.”
“You'll thank me later.”
“He, um, he pulled the alarm.”
Footsteps coming down the hall startled Sherlock out of his concentration on the folders in his lap. He tried to press the stack of them back into the drawer and ease it shut but the drawer wouldn’t close all the way. Panicked, he stood up, shoved the folders between the mattress and box spring, and fluffed the bed covers back into place just as John poked his head in.
Tiny Bat John's teeny pink tongue slipped out of his mouth, and some serious slurping commenced. Licking, and nibbling, too.
Sherlock popped one more truffle fry into his mouth and then pushed his plate away, too.
John leaned back in his chair and hooked his ankles around Sherlock’s. “This might be my favorite meal so far.”
“I mean, it’s all the same, really. Bacon, sausage, ham. We’ve been eating it for years, and we’re still alive.”
The summer is coming to an end, but there is still much work to do. The Junior Council has been informed that they will stay in training on the iceberg until the new moon, at which time they can expect the first of the colony to reach Cassiopeia on their way home. The Junior and Senior Councils will join that pod, and begin the long journey back. According to Sherlock’s calculations, they have eight more days, nine nights, until then.
In the half-moment it takes Siger to respond, several things happen. First, Sherlock understands that they are to be separated. Second, his mother’s prophecy rings through his ears. Third, his knees buckle.
“Oh, I don't know. Perhaps she's trying to tell us something about the hive?”
Sherlock swallows him down and then slowly retreats, taking his time on each long slide from where one hand wraps around the base, to where his lips pop off the slick tip. John's fingers are wound tight in Sherlock's hair, but he lets go when Sherlock moves lower and nuzzles his perineum before sucking one tight testicle, then the other, into his mouth. John tenses above him, getting closer, but Sherlock pulls back and runs the tip of his finger lightly around his arsehole, watching it quiver under his touch. He plays there with his fingers and tongue for a while before returning his mouth to John's cock, listening to him moan into the crook of his arm.
1. (verb) (-hia) to look for, seek, search, hunt for.
!” Sherlock pulls at the seaweed knotted securely about his neck. He inserts both wingtips under it and yanks, again and again, until his breath goes shallow, and his heart is pounding in his ears, until he feels Mycroft’s wings around him, holding him still, shushing him, telling him to breathe, to take a deep, deep breath.
He leaned over John's shoulder, whispered in his ear, “I'm gonna come all over your ass, John. I'm so hard, getting so close.”
Anahera only laughs. She leans close to Sherlock’s ear and whispers, “Sometimes, Sherlock, I do. Do you see that as a flaw in my character?”
“I told you to wake up.”
please know that I did not come before you today to ingratiate myself to you, or to endeavour to claim any position –”
Someone came to clear the table and Mycroft didn’t respond until they were done. “I’m very glad you did come. May I ask—does this change anything for you?”
Sherlock rested his head on the back of the padded booth and nodded, a weak gesture made even less convincing by his half-shut eyes and rapid breathing.
"Well this certainly is a delightful development, Sherlock. The two of you seem to have taken quite a fancy to each other."
only. John, I have come home to
John had made a toast, hash brown, egg, and bacon sandwich, and took a big bite before leaning into Sherlock's space to get a better look.
“Will you stay here, too, Sherlo-kimi and Tahu-John?”
Sherlock couldn’t stop the grin that spread over his own face. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Sherlock knows exactly what he wants, but can never ask for it. Instead he feels his chest and neck and face flush hot, and his cock bump and strain against John’s abdomen.
The Shelf is high and vast, and there are penguins everywhere. After so long at sea, just the two of them, Sherlock finds it disconcerting to be surrounded by so many others. There are not only emperors, but king, Adélie, rockhopper, gentoo, chinstrap, and macaroni, all marching home to their rookeries for the impending winter.
If Siger understands more than they share, he does not let on.
“Not yet.” John turned onto his back, then his side, and smiled, broad and beautiful, at Sherlock. He swept Sherlock’s wet curls off his face and kissed him lightly on the lips. “I guess I'm not a virgin anymore.”
The afternoon passed. Hours ticked by but Sherlock didn't allow himself to look at a clock. He didn't allow himself to figure the time out on his own, either. He did some laundry, he tidied his room, he ate some pound cake, he watched some TV.
“Please excuse him, Tui. He’s eggsessed.”
“Look at you. Look at your ass.” John laid a hand over the outermost curve of the cheek closest to the mirror. “It’s goddamn perfect. A lot of guys have no butt at all, or a saggy butt, but yours is like a perfect semi-circle, with the apex right in the middle.”
The twisted rope slips from his shoulders and lands with a thud at his feet. He bends down to look at it, and the other two join him. Heads craned low, bills almost touching, they look, and they wait. Nothing happens.
Sherlock uses his feet to tap the signs for
, you may think yourself clever, pushing your apologist agenda along under a different pretence, but I see right through you, and if you persist, I will report you to the Council.”
picked up the least number of followers, while
Sherlock stares at her. “Does Tui know you’re back?”
He could hear John panting into the phone, coming down from his own orgasm. Sherlock wiped his fingers through the mess in his pubic hair and belly button, and sighed.
“Mmm. It is Serge Lutens, isn’t it?”
These were too small.
“Now. I’m very interested in oral sex.”
“Of course not!”
Sherlock kisses John one last time, stoops and kisses their egg, and then scurries off around the perimeter of the huddle, looking for his missing friend. He doesn’t have to go far. Coming toward him, curving around the edge of the horde of sleeping pengs, is Anahera, a single white presence circling the colony.
Sherlock stirred his slushy cocktail and peered around John’s shoulder just in time to see the shorter of the two men swivel to say hello to someone. “Oh my God. No.”
“Yes, like that.”
Sherlock was grateful that Mummy lacked his skill at deduction, as John’s change in posture told Sherlock a fairly complete story about his father. The man had squandered what was left of the Watson fortune and turned to drink, a vice that eventually killed him.
“Since construction was completed in 2009. I got lucky, to be honest. A lot of the condos were selling off spec when they broke ground in 2007. Then the market tanked a couple of months later, and people couldn’t make their payments. It was like a fire sale around here. Still expensive, but much more manageable. My mom kicked in for my deposit, and I’ve been able to afford the mortgage on my own since then.”
“Just me, I guess.” John came back up to his full height and Sherlock met him for another kiss. He reached around John’s hips and slid his fingertips under the waist of John’s jeans, wriggling until his hands could grip and squeeze.
“Thanks, Mrs. Watson, that’d be great.” He began stacking the Christmas catalogs and mail strewn over the kitchen table to make room for their food, the fourth meal they’d had today.
“Fuck, Sherlock. God.”
They lie on the ice, sleepy and spent, until Sherlock recalls that pengs do not sleep lying down. He pokes his wing into John's side, and says, “
This proved to be an exercise in futility, because as long as they were plastered together like this, somewhat sealed by John's come between them, it was all just one melodious perfume, spicy and sweet, the results of their circular arousal and satisfaction. It was heady and delicious and under it all Sherlock could still detect the faint redolence of John's fabric softener, his deodorant, his shampoo.
Sherlock nudges his nose across John's ribs, burrows under John's arm. He rests one hand on John's thigh, pulses his fingertips.
"Don't leave me to die, John. We always said we'd go together."
forever
“Me? What do
(verb) to seek, look for, search for, seek out, hunt for
(See the end of the chapter for
cram against each other to keep warm. Male adults, however, when incubating eggs on their feet during the winter, form a huddle to preserve heat, but do not actually touch each other. They stand close, but brushing up against each other would disrupt the layers of warm air trapped between their adult feathers. In fact, emperors can get too warm, and will fluff their feathers to displace that warm air. The male adults constantly shift in the circle, so that those on the perimeter have a chance at the warmth in the middle.
✓ ask Mrs H about SH possible past relationships?
“That’s what she said. Yes.”
“Wait. I haven’t showered. I stink. We took a bath last night, but I haven’t, you know, since then.”
Sherlock was grateful to be on safe ground again. “Everything here is excellent. And, if there’s something you want that’s not on the menu, Angelo can probably make it.”
“She wants you to steal a
"Of course, I am happy for you. I can be happy for you and remorseful at the same time."
“I won’t sleep tonight, John. I don’t want to wake up tomorrow and remember that we have to say goodbye.”
“It’s your fault. Can’t help myself.” John grabbed the edge of the bed sheet and swiped at Sherlock's back, then reached around and cleaned off his belly and chest.
“Sir? Why is the seal tooth so important?”
Sherlock opens his bill to tell John that there’s nothing on his feet, but then his mind and body connect in a way that they sometimes do, his body telling his brain something, instead of the other way around, and he scrunches up his forehead, because not only is there something on his feet, but that something is between his legs, and up against his belly, and it’s very warm.
“And where is it you think I’m going?” Sherlock hung up his coat and scarf and toed off his boots.
“God, don't you dare apologize for anything, ever, not after this. Fuck.”
“What?”
“You surprise and impress me every day, John. Every single day. Pass that to me and I’ll play something for you.”
“I don’t care, Sherlock. You smell like you, but stronger, and it’s a huge turn-on. As for the rest, I still don’t care. I’ll wear a condom if you want, but I’d rather not, and I really, really, just need to be inside you right now.”
“Shall we go in, then?”
“Right.”
“Who's Queen Kate?”
The ambient chaos retreated, replaced by the shush of Sherlock’s whispered thoughts. Observations pulsed, molasses-slow, molasses-sweet, filling the space between his heartbeats. It took an age for him to process what would usually take a few scant seconds, and then he couldn’t make sense of the information.
John and Harriet, or Harry as she now liked to be called, had been close then, good friends as well as siblings. His parents had been good parents, too, affectionate with their children and with each other. Sherlock could see all of these foundations in the man that John had become, loyal and affectionate, kind and strong, as well as a good storyteller.
“I wanted to ask if I could say goodbye. Not to you. I mean, to you, too, but to the heartstone. I want to say goodbye to the heartstone.”
Cetus, the healer
Footsteps echoed from down the hall and James appeared with his cardigan draped over one arm. He gave Sherlock a curt nod and reached out to shake his hand.
Sherlock has pulled John close during this conversation, and John finds himself wrapped tight in those long limbs, impossibly close. He has a nose full of Sherlock's neck, is steeped in his warm morning-ness. He feels stubble against his forehead, and a hip against his thigh, and fingers grazing his lower back.
It had started in the years after Brexit when the United Kingdom had all but floated down the English Channel into some morass of unknown political and economic backwater. British expats had come flooding home looking for the jobs left by the immigrants who were expected to leave but never actually did, because why would they? England was their home just as much as anyone else’s.
"No, I mean, I. It's. Good, what you said. It's good."
“It doesn't matter, John. I don't care.”
“Look. What do you see?”
"Yeah, nice. Relaxing."
Telling John he was being ridiculous and that staring at him sounded boring was futile, so Sherlock sighed and said, “Fine. You stare. I’ll talk. What do you think your dad wants to talk about tonight, regarding the farm? I take it you told him about the conversation we had with Mycroft? Which is fine, by the way.”
Sherlock nodded, then went to the armoire for his wedding garments. He chose the long pyjama trousers again, but this time, the sleeveless vest instead of the long-sleeved top. He went to the bathroom and closed the door behind him. It felt odd, on one hand, to be changing behind a closed door with his husband on the other side. But, he countered to himself, this was only their second night together and certainly a sense of modesty made sense given they’d yet to be physically intimate. Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror. The silk top clung to the muscles of his chest and showed off his long neck and slender arms. He cleaned his teeth and waited an extra minute to be sure that John was changed, then entered the bedroom.
He didn’t find out that night, but he did learn that slow and sleepy sex with John in the middle of the night took him to another world, to a place in which he moved under water, but could still feel the full weight of John’s adoration on him; one in which John made small, breathy sounds that sounded exactly like whispered love poems. In this dark and quiet place, cocooned under blankets and lingering dreams, they clung to each other, eyes closed, mouths brushing, right through the very end, and then they stayed right where they were, and fell back asleep.
“Your hair fascinates me. It always has. I’ve never met anyone with such an unruly mess of curls, and by unruly mess, I mean drop-dead sexy. It’s all shiny and it catches the light and sometimes I – I want to pull it. Hard.
The water rushed to cover him, shocking, his mind momentarily blank. He scrubbed his fingers through his hair and under his arms, between his legs. The day's grime sloughed away, and he shot up, leaving the crystal clear silence for a lungful of air.
Sherlock looked around. One toothbrush, one set of towels, water drops in one of the two sinks. Kevin really did seem to be okay with the breakup. He wasn’t hanging on to Jamie’s things out of sentiment, anyway. Good. He checked his phone. No text.
John had been at it for hours, or so it felt. Maybe it was minutes. At least twenty of them. John's tongue deserved a gold medal in … everything. Every. Fucking. Thing. John's tongue was made for rimming, but it wasn't just his tongue, not if Sherlock really thought about it, which he wasn't capable of at the moment, but had done many times in the past.
“You. I want to date you. I’ve had such a huge crush on you for so long, I swear, I can’t believe you agreed to come out with me. I don’t want this to just be a once off.”
, because if we don’t go now, I’m gonna have to give you a blowjob right
angel
He’d give Mrs. Hudson the book about quilts from the Art Institute when they sat down for supper, and he’d show her the photos that Kevin had given him. Actually, he thought, she hadn’t seen the photo album John had put together for him, so he spent some time adding Kevin’s photos to a few of the album’s blank pages, and then went through the whole album again.
Sherlock pushed back against John’s hand and interrupted. “Stop. That’s going to turn out about as well as me trying to figure out the increase in the size of my penis when I’m aroused.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Am I chaotic?”
“Why don’t we sleep for a bit. We’ll be no good to her if we’re exhausted when she arrives.”
“Go. Go get your things, enough for you and Rosie to stay until you can arrange for the movers to come. I’ll stay with her. You go. Go now. Hurry.” Sherlock moves to sweep around John’s side and go to Rosie, then thinks twice and stops. “Me, too. About you, I mean.”
“Sure,” John said, ending the cycle of asking each other the same question. He reached over to turn off his lamp, and Sherlock did the same. He slid down lower under the covers and looked over to where John lay. There was just enough light to make out his profile.
This was why Sherlock often found himself seated at luncheon with a small pile of folders just to the left of his plate. He might never touch them, but that didn’t keep Mummy from talking about them. Over grilled asparagus and seared tuna steaks, Mummy would call out names.
“Hey, you two. What do you want to drink?”
“As far as I know, you’re out-of-town-friends of his. You, John, had a physical altercation with Stephan Laffitte last night, and are now being blackmailed into a sexual encounter with him so he won't press assault charges. To be very clear, if I didn’t hate that fucker as much as I do, and like Lestrade as much as I do, I wouldn’t be here tonight.”
“This. Look at this.”
is found in the liver, and is 1200 times more potent than cyanide. Read more about it
and shakes her head when she finishes telling Sherlock the story. She assures him of the encounter’s insignificance and reminds him of John’s dedication and loyalty to him and him alone, and then tells Sherlock about some of the others she has met while strolling with John.
“Doubtful,” Sherlock said, brutally honest, and instead of taking it personally, it made John grin. Sherlock glanced up at him as if to gauge John’s reaction and visibly relaxed when he saw John’s smile. “Sorry. It’s just going to take me a moment to check the books. Do you—“
“True enough.”
“I want to make you come, too.”
“How old are they now?”
They talked for another hour, James providing information about Daniel’s body language and tone of voice, little details about his demeanour and attitude that Sherlock used to create a composite of a man who was trying hard to cover his anger and appear charming and genuine. When they parted, James said, Daniel had put one hand on James’ bicep and kissed his cheek, but did not suggest a nightcap or make any other advances.
“Seriously? So Mycroft got to James, too?”
“Not at all, Mycroft. Your brother’s advocacy of your skills and expertise would carry much less weight had he not spent the better part of this day impressing us with his mature countenance and sound analysis. If family cannot champion their own, who will?”
“Can you get one?”
And with the throbbing came the thoughts.
John flopped back on a small futon and patted the seat next to him. “Sounds good. It’s almost five o’clock. Think we’ll be done soon?”
“I haven’t been to the Keys, but I’ve heard spring break on Key West is basically just a giant orgy.
Sherlock's hands are under John's shirt now, stroking lightly up and down his sides, and the kisses on his neck are turning into licks and nibbles.
“All right, love. I will wait. And I must thank your friends as well, for travelling home with you.” Olive looks over at Tui’s huddle, and sighs. “Cetus told me one of them was gravely injured, but has a strong chance of recovering, thanks to you, and thanks to his apprentices.”
THE SEAGULL: Well at least we can fly.
“Mycroft, when do you begin your apprenticeship?” Siger asks.
“Ooh, I like surprises. Does it have anything to do with the wall thing?”
“You in there?”
“Well,” Sherlock adds, “it actually was quite different, in that we usually defend against skua on the ice, protecting with our wings until the bird gives up and flies away.” Sherlock pauses here, because his beautiful John is glaring incredulous icicles at him, and peng-it-all if that’s not hot. “You launched stones at the bird as she was diving at great speed, at a very steep angle, and you hit her. Dead on. Three times. Three out of three. It was spectacular.”
"Me?"
Sherlock squints into the distance and considers his options.
Another sad little shake.
John pressed the back of his hand to his mouth to stifle a giggle. “I guess now we know that Lestrade wears a dark blue hanky in his right back pocket.”
“I wish we could just go now.”
“Missed you. So much.”
She put a jug of milk on the table and reached in again for the carton of orange juice, then bumped the fridge door shut with her hip.
John laughed. “And how many days was that? I know you know.”
John started walking down Surf toward Clark. Sherlock looked up and followed.
“Sherlock, for heaven's sake, stop skulking about in the hallway and come have breakfast,” Mummy said, teaspoon clanking as she stirred.
“Okay. Your ex has a serious God complex, meaning he thinks he’s more capable, more powerful, and more deserving than everyone else. It’s quite common among very successful surgeons. He’s saving lives on a daily basis, right? He has an oversized ego, thinks he can do anything. People like this think the rules don’t apply to them. They don’t admit to making mistakes. They expect special allowances be made for them.
✓ buy new jumper
“What? What are you looking at?”
Sherlock looks back and forth between them and tries to smile. “Hi.”
“True. There’s plenty to do in the main house as it is,” John agreed. “It’s just an idea for down the road. So, how did you get on this afternoon, then? Did the surveillance footage ever arrive?”
“Open your eyes.”
“Shut up. You are in my fantasy.”
Sherlock translates. “I think you mean
“Yeah?”
“To keep you warm.”
“That is up to you. The High Council starts each case with no assembly, except for the one you may wish to bring.”
hey! oh! what! - an expression of surprise
“I think I’m having a panic attack. This is awful. This whole scene is horrendous. I mean, I get it, I do, I understand that this is a part of gay culture and something gay men do now to keep the tradition alive or reflect on the past or some stupid thing because God knows this is not 1972 and we don’t have to sneak around hoping the right guy sees our perfectly hued hankies and has a matching set at home, but you and I do not need this, and I really have no interest in, or business, knowing what our friends like to do in bed, and I certainly do not need to know what complete strangers do between the sheets or in bathrooms or wherever random hook-ups take place, and the realization that that man over there is unhappy because his boyfriend wants to urinate on him and he doesn’t want to be urinated on and he’s going to figure out that the urination has actually been taking place with someone else makes me want to vomit, because that’s fine if people want to do that with each other, not that I’d ever want to do that, but now I know that those two are going to break up, and that’s nothing I need to know, and if I look around long enough I’ll see all sorts of things that I really do not want to see, and I get it if some guys are legitimately using these idiotic things to look for a hookup, or for true love, or whatever, but I’m not interested in the relationship quests of other people at this point in my life, and I don’t like that they might be interested in you, or me, or us, and I didn’t even know half of these kinks existed until recently, and it’s just a lot of information to take in, because maybe I do like firemen and maybe I do want you to spank me, and we’ve never even talked about that, so why would I want anyone else here to know, and ‒”
Sherlock pulled out his carbon nanotubes notes and doodled in the margins as he surreptitiously watched the police talk with Percolate’s owner, John, and the young woman, Molly. Eventually, the curly-haired officer escorted Molly into what must’ve been an office, and the grey-haired gent, obviously the higher ranking of the two, walked with John to the front door. Sherlock doodled more diligently but tilted his head toward the pair to hear what was being said.
They gather around the heartstone, the heart of their journey, of their fates, and lower their heads in awe. Each of them silently reflects on the significance of their discovery, on its relevance to their past, and their hopes for the future.
and then –
John pushes his tongue into Sherlock's mouth and flicks inside. "And this?" Sherlock moans.
“That’s for me to know and you to find out in precisely eighteen days.”
Sinead O'Connor's cover of Cole Porter's "
Now Sherlock watched John climb back into the car and blow warm breath into his cupped hands. “Getting colder out there.” He gave Sherlock’s thigh a quick squeeze, started the car, and pulled out of the gas station. Sherlock stared out the window.
John was on his forearms, and Sherlock had both hands in John’s hair, taking control of the kiss by tilting John’s head this way and that. John shifted his weight to one arm and started undoing the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt, and as soon as he had them done, he broke the kiss, found a nipple, and sucked on it.
“I suppose not. It’s what comes after that worries me. Seventy-seven days until spring break. Two and a half months.”
NOTE: AO3 did something funky (or I did something funky) and had Chapter 5 listed as a draft and therefore unviewable. Confused, I hit the post button. Chapter 5 is there, but I've lost all of your wonderful comments. Please know that if you left one I answered it, and didn't delete them on purpose!
“I believe the High Council will accommodate us. When I spoke to Terina and Rika yesterday they both expressed interest in moving this to the High Council as soon as possible. If none of the Council members plan to breed this season, and Rika doesn’t think any of them have such plans, they can convene an interim session, which could start as soon as tomorrow. We need only wait for confirmation.”
“You know I love that.”
“Coffee. I’d like coffee.”
Sherlock slipped it into his shirt pocket and patted it twice. “Thank you. And thanks for coming tonight.”
When he reaches the place at which he last turned, he stops and looks around. The only way to go is back down, or to the ice cave, their ice cave. Certainly a fall from this height would cause injury, but why would Moringa keep coming back to the cave after taking everything out of it?
“I love the bridge of your nose. Have I told you that?”
“Oh God, yes.”
laud and revere
Sherlock had been looking out his window when John said it, taking in the lights of Michigan Avenue as they headed north over the Chicago River. He blinked several times and swallowed down the unexpected lump in his throat, then reached across the seat for John’s hand, and squeezed it. He hoped John knew that his lack of vocal acknowledgment of John’s statement was due to emotion, not a lack of agreement. If Sherlock was lucky enough to have that kind of life with John, fifteen years from now, or thirty years from now, or fifty years from now, he’d consider his entire life an overwhelming success.
Sherlock pulled the sheet off the bed and made a toga for himself before entering the kitchen, where John was sat at the table, reading the newspaper.
“It’s just that, well, Dorothy knows you’re home, and …”
those plush round globes
And so it went. Sherlock scanned the size of the pile of folders to assess the potential influx of candidates but refused to review them himself. He escaped most encounters by the skin of his teeth and riled Mummy to epic heights of irritation.
“I can't get much closer with this table between us.”
Sherlock stopped slurping his drink long enough to ask, “This is a quiet night?”
, Sherlock thinks. John will need his energy, anyway. He'll let John sleep until the sun is fully over the horizon, and then Sherlock will wake John up. And then, it will happen.
James nodded at Sherlock and held his gaze for a long moment before he looked away. A flash of lightning startled them; Sherlock counted the seconds until the thunder sounded. It was closer than he thought. A slight wind picked up and ruffled the newspaper where it sat on the table. Sherlock set his empty mug on top of it and watched the rain come down.
“We should go to the Council and tell them that she is missing. They will not hold another meeting until after the hatchlings come, and we cannot wait that long. Maybe someone saw her, or heard something, the day she disappeared.”
John’s mouth was on his, but kissing was difficult with both of them panting, and when Sherlock felt John’s cock bump into place, the kiss turned into a gasp, and then that turned into a moan.
Sherlock shifted and pulled his pillow closer to his chest. He swam between sleep and consciousness, fighting hard to go back to a dream full of John. John at the quarry, in the back of the car. Warm. Laughing. Touching. John in his arms.
“Oh.”
“John? What did she say? Please tell me she’s not conspiring to usurp me and somehow become your mate?”
"Thank you, Elder Erebus."
The two pengs stand and glare at each other until mutual grins overtake their fake disregard, and then they step into each other's open wings and exchange a proper greeting.
Sherlock scooped chili into the bowls and popped them into the microwave. He filled two glasses with water and set them on the table, then set out forks and napkins.
“How can you be bored? This stuff is fascinating.”
“Anahera, may I present John of Hemi and Kaia, resident of Pobeda colony. John, I present Anahera of Hara and Terina, from the Rūnanga colony.”
James looked at Annette, at Sherlock, and back to Annette. “Yes, please. Thank you.”
“Shame.”
Sherlock pushed his shoulders back and took a deep breath. This was not the time to pontificate about amaranth lips and the sweep of golden lashes over all-the-blues.
“There’s enough to do here to keep me busy and I don’t mind.”
Mummy went about making phone calls to caterers, landscape designers, and orchestras, and Sherlock skulked around trying to surreptitiously check the mail without looking too enthusiastic while doing so, just in case someone did see him. Daddy tended to not notice much of anything unless it was right under his nose, and even then he had to sometimes be told what it was. Mycroft, on the other hand, was a different matter altogether.
“Now I can admit that I was foolish to ever have doubted you, and I can readily say that I will never doubt you again. You love me very much. As you should. Apparently, I’m quite the pengtastic catch.”
“John?”
Vela and Pavo are consulting with Erebus on currents and distances. Hudi is testing Molling’s knots. John turns back to Sherlock and smiles.
“What are you up to, Sherlock?”
“This is all rather fancy, isn’t it?” Sherlock sipped his coffee and waved a hand over the tray.
Next to him John made a vaguely orgasmic sound.
“Where’s that massage stuff?”
John rose up on straightened arms, stared down at Sherlock, and Sherlock stared back, licked his lips, let John look. John’s gaze traveled over Sherlock’s crazy cloud of black hair, over his parted lips, down his neck to his peaked nipples, down, down, down to his erection.
When John reached the door he turned back, one hand on the doorknob, and took a good look at Sherlock, sprawled loose on top of the bed, candle light flickering over his flushed chest, his swollen lips, his soft, white cock nestled in its black, curly nest of hair.
Mrs Hudson and John both looked at him, eyebrows arched. "No need for that tone of voice, young man. I'll just leave this and go, shall I? You'll be right as rain in no time at all, John. Don't let him tire you out, though. Keep it in your pants until you're one hundred percent." And with that she turned, closed the bedroom door soundly behind her, and left the flat.
“We just walked down Broadway, one of the busiest streets in Boystown, with something akin to an arrow pointing at my ass. Think of all the men who have been looking at it. My ass.”
“Don’t misunderstand. I have no doubt you were a brilliant army major and served Queen and country well. But, when it came to John Watson you made a significant strategic error. He would have gone to you.”
“Which jeans?”
Then, in a stroke of genius, Sherlock lowered his head and covered John's erection with his own long curls, nudging his head from side to side, and John swore under his breath.
Mr. Watson glowered. “You got a problem with who my son dates, Hank?”
Sherlock was deeply disgruntled about the ensuing bath and hair washing, but didn't complain nearly as bitterly as he did when Mummy announced it was time to visit the paediatrician.
"Keep it in your pants, Sherlock," John repeated, before falling into fits of giggles.
“Sherlock, are you all right?”
“Oh God. God, yes. I was never the captain of the football team, though.”
“Come on. Let’s get you some more wine before they drink it all.”
She looks amused, though, so Sherlock smiles and whispers under his breath, “Weren’t you the one who told me, when we first met, that you sometimes use your unique appearance to your advantage?”
“Nope. You’re fine.”
Finally. Sherlock looked up, mouth open to order, and blinked.
on his mini Bluetooth speaker.
“If you’d like to.”
There was a photo of John attached, a selfie of him in bed, mussy-haired and a bit puffy around the eyes. He was lying on his back, one arm bent and pillowing his head. Sherlock could see the curve of his bicep and deltoid, and the tuft of hair under his arm, his nipples and chest and then, just above the line of the sheet covering him, his belly button and the line of hair leading to his pelvis. He looked delicious.
“Have you not read this chapter of the BIG-SAM?”
Their parents had bought them Harry Potter towels that summer. John's had Harry playing quidditch on it, his hand outstretched toward the flying Golden Snitch. Sherlock’s had Hedwig on it. Sherlock had loved Hedwig, had loved the idea of having his very own owl for delivering secret messages.
“Oh, God.”
“And is she actually going to arrest his skanky ass, or just try to scare him?”
There, from inside a curl along the edge of the ribbon, something scant -
“I see, love. You're spilling right out of them, aren't you?”
In the kitchen, John and Greg were standing in front of the rows of wine bottles, pointedly ignoring No-Body-Hair, who was hovering nearby in his bright orange skinny jeans. John poured Greg a glass of wine from a bottle with a Rorschach ink blot on the label, and then filled a glass for himself.
Sherlock’s cock had surpassed 300 percent, he was sure of it, and at least 20 percent of his blood was now flooding through those veins.
“I’d murder one right about now, thank you.”
John licked his lips and shook his head. “I will never get tired of seeing you naked. Never.”
The late afternoon sun was setting on Baker Street. Sherlock hung his head over the side of the bed, his hair dusting the floor. John looked up from his stack of pillows, put his book down, and raised an eyebrow.
“Because we've usually completely exhausted each other by the time we're falling asleep, and because I know I can wait, having come to expect a lot of lovely morning sex when we wake up.”
, Sherlock thought. Next thing he knew she was going to ask to have a good look at his teeth.
“Well, yeah. What if he’s already set up the date? And how do you know which of the candidates it is?”
“Buzzing. I suspect the queen is going to begin banishing the male drones soon, in anticipation of the cooler temperatures.”
“No, really, John, maybe if it were in better condition, and complete, but it’s not. I mean, okay, it wasn’t a give-away, but really, it’s not too much. Not for you. It’s not.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, ducked under, and started counting. He couldn't outcount this, but still, he stayed submerged. He pushed his arms through the resistance of the water, forcing his descent, and looked up toward the overhang. John stood at the edge, a rippling mirage in faded jeans and a red polo, hands framing his hips. Sherlock let a few bubbles escape.
Slowly, so slowly, they still themselves and settle. Sherlock rests his head on John's shoulder and closes his eyes.
“Sherlock,” John said again, crossing the room to stand in front of him. “Thank you. I know that wasn’t easy for you. I wouldn’t have asked it of you, but that you did it on your own means the world to me.” He reached out and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulders, then pulled him forward into a hug.
“What we were talking about this morning. Our first time.”
At precisely 6:59 p.m. a taxi pulled up to the kerb and John Watson popped out. He smoothed his hair down in the reflection of the window as he waited for his change and tugged down the cuffs of his shirt. Sherlock smiled as he watched him. He liked that John wanted to impress Sherlock because that meant John thought Sherlock was worth impressing. He didn’t take him for granted, didn’t act as if Sherlock would be lucky to have him. John had done quite a job courting Sherlock, and tonight was probably the date that would seal the deal in his mind.
being the operative word.”
“Good day, my young friends. It’s a beautiful morning to commence travel, don’t you agree?”
“Yes, that. I like … that.”
John lay in Sherlock’s arms, his head on his shoulder, one leg tossed between Sherlock’s. Sherlock ran his fingers up and down John’s back, and over the arm John had wrapped around Sherlock’s waist.
Not missing a beat, Mrs. Hudson ducked into the pantry and retrieved a plate with half a plastic-wrapped lemon bundt cake on it.
“I reckon we do.” Sherlock winked at John’s reflection, then turned and stole one more kiss before they headed out to meet Kevin and Greg for dinner.
Sherlock gave himself another few minutes to gather his thoughts and focus his attention on the fact that he’d be seeing John shortly, then made his way downstairs and to the door leading to the veranda. His parents were nowhere in sight.
“Shh, it’s okay. We’re okay.”
“So, those are two very small areas in which to contain sexual stimulation. And it worked! In fact, I would say it was overwhelmingly successful.”
I wrote this ficlet on tumblr before I deactivated conversationswithbenedict, so it pretty much doesn't exist there anymore.
“Yes, Sir. Thank you, Elder Erebus. Thank you for everything. For everything you’ve told me, and how you’ve helped me, helped us, me and John.”
“Mycroft –”
Tiny Bat John, as Sherlock was coming to think of him, stormed up Sherlock's leg, raised one minuscule fist in admonition, and began to sink down between Sherlock's thighs, pulling the sheet into a rather cosy looking hammock. Cosy turned intimate, and then intimate turned wonderfully alarming. Tiny Bat John was attempting to pull, kick, or perhaps fly out of the 900-thread-count-quicksand, and Sherlock's left testicle was receiving more attention than it had received in the last several years.
“Really.” Sherlock hoped John wouldn’t ask to see those equations, as they were mostly doodles of what Sherlock imagined John’s penis looked like.
“No!” Sherlock took another deep breath and ran the tip of one finger up John's arm, from the crease of his elbow to his deltoid.
Neither of them say a word.
“Tui?” John says to the egg.
(noun) council, tribal council, assembly, board, boardroom
Around them, hatchlings call out guesses about where the tooth had been hidden.
“I have one.”
Sherlock's voice is barely there, soft and low, short words and whimpers floating up above them. “Gonna … gonna … oh god … oh John … yes … yes ...” and then he slows, stops, shudders, and climaxes, breathless as he rides out the spasms.
Sherlock typed his own text and hit send, then stood up and wiggled his fingers back into his glove.
Albinism occurs in about 1 of every 20,000 people, and about 1 in every 1,764 birds.
“It's not like I'm trying to escape, love,” John says, cutting into his saltimbocca and dredging a piece through the lemon sauce on his plate.
“I will. And you, too. We talk all the time about what I’m comfortable with, but you should tell me the same things about yourself. You’re more experienced than I am but that doesn’t mean you don’t have preferences.”
John pulled his chair closer to the table with his ankles and cleared his throat. “Why? Why should you meet him?”
Sherlock was up and out of bed before the door was fully open. He crossed the room in three long strides, grabbed the edge of the door in one hand, the collar of John's jacket in the other, and yanked him inside.
Sherlock has no doubt she will win them over, one by one, until the entire colony falls under the spell that is no spell at all.
He doesn’t want to go. He doesn’t want to miss anything. He will come home and relearn her, and he will let her teach him, too. Erebel, he thinks, has so much to share, and he cannot wait to see who she will become. He cannot wait to see who each of them will become: he and John, Anahera, Tui, Mycroft, Anthea, Lestra, Molling, Ariki, Kahu, Harriet, Clara, Stamfjord, all of them, but especially Erebel.
Sherlock gives John's arse one last squeeze and heads for the refrigerator, standing in the cold air a little bit longer than necessary.
Fin whale: 20m
John nods, sliding his wing over Sherlock’s shoulders. “I know. I know, Sherlock. Look at me right now, though, okay? We can’t have a hatchling right now. We have to wait until next winter, and we have to find someone to help us, yeah? We need to find someone who would be willing to do that for us, to give us such a gift. And we haven’t been very successful this winter, finding females who would be open to such a thing. So that’s what we do over the next several moons, okay? We’ve helped Harriet and Clara find someone this winter, and maybe we’ll find someone for Maryle and Janine. But our new goal is finding someone for us, okay?”
They bring only the essentials with them, which, given Sherlock’s penchant for clutter, is pretty much everything from 221b, including their armchairs, the battered kitchen table and desk, the skull and other assorted artefacts and memorabilia, their hundreds of books and journals, and their bed. They only need the one.
John adjusted the earplugs and attached the smaller gag to the mask. It got locked, too. At once, Sherlock started to suckle the thing.
“I don't know what I would do without you, Gregory.” Mycroft whispered and he was close to tears. Greg quickly placed the tray on the table and pulled him close.
“You can either use the remote or you have to start before you climb inside. Right over your head.” Now John turned his head and saw the panel that almost disappeared between all the stainless-steel wheels and handles and whatnot.
“You didn’t smash it on purpose, I suppose.”
“Go ahead and collar me again.” John whispered huskily wiggling his eyebrows at him. He elicited a growl which made the hair on his arms stand up, but in a good way. Sherlock placed the glass on the coffee table and quickly retrieved the collar from his bedroom. John slowly stood looking at him. Sherlock tenderly placed the collar around his neck and buckled it.
“Yes, is everything alright?” He asked. She quickly nodded.
“I never thought.”
“But …” Sherlock snatched the can and stuffed it into the bag he was still wearing over his shoulder. He dropped it by the body and grabbed John’s wrist.
He turned his head and tried to look at Sherlock who was still fast asleep. His head was tilted to the side and he had drooled. Now John grinned. One arm was slung around him and John felt his heart beating slowly beneath his skin.
“My darling brother doesn't want you to be his company to Miss Adler's exploration centre.” Sherlock was sarcastic. It made Greg both happy and a bit frightened.
He opened the bar in their room and found crushed ice. It would do.
“Perhaps you should go and help him. Otherwise, I don't know what will happen.” John grinned.
“No way, Sherlock. This wouldn’t work in front of a judge. Just forget it. It was an accident. I will inform the poor doctor that it wasn’t his fault.” Sherlock’s head shot up.
“Pet, come here!” John called out and instantly Sherlock fell on hands and knees and crawled between his legs. He assumed position and cast his eyes. John looked at him and found him calm.
Sherlock’s cock was pressed into the mattress and it hurt, too. He sobbed and yelled and screamed until he was hoarse. But he rutted like a maniac and forced his body to react. He remembered the human bin thing. And he didn’t want to know what this insane, sadistic dom would think of as a punishment.
He started to hyperventilate and fell off his chair. John jumped up and yelled for help. Sherlock’s skin was clammy, his heart was racing and he was very, very pale. His fingers twitched and beads of sweat were on his face.
“I forgot to ask Greg to put it on top!” John stared at the Christmas tree holding a golden star in his hand. Suddenly Sherlock knew how to make it better. He stood and cleared his throat.
“Yes, he does. We are privileged because we are old and rich.”
Outside Sherlock stilled.
He pressed their bodies together and kept kissing his throat and pulse point now. Sherlock turned his head so he could reach the place behind his ear. He understood, of course, he did.
“Could you please stop at the next service station or whatever snack-point is coming up?” John asked.
“No, it’s fine.” He devoured the yoghurt and his eyes met John’s.
“Whom are you texting?” He stood in front of the burning logs.
Sherlock smiled and his eyes rested on John’s face. For the rest of the night, he used only his left. His right was holding on to John.
“I thought you would say that. I can show you if you want?”
“Gregory… Please… I…” Mycroft shivered and Greg could feel his very hard erection. His free hand opened his belt and buttons and reached into his boxers.
“I know you don’t approve, but it’s our way of living.” Sherlock said in a vindicated tone.
He woke when they reached the town-house. It was rather impressive and Sherlock again was reminded of his past. Had he been in one of these before he became a sex-slave? Living in one of these?
“I am not angry. You didn’t do it on purpose. I was confused and scared.”
“I can see what you are, DI Lestrade. And I am slightly worried about Mycroft and Sherlock. So please talk to me!” Dr Kim's voice had hardened and only now Greg understood. Dr Kim was asking because he knew he was a dom.
Mycroft sucked his tongue and bit down, too. He sucked blood and suddenly pushed inside. Sebastian just closed his eyes and moaned into his mouth. His grip tightened. Mycroft started to move fast and hard rotating his hips and hitting on his prostate.
Sherlock shed his dressing-gown and crawled on the bed beside his brother expectantly looking at John.
“Very good, pet. Now undress again and hang everything up. Neatly! I want to fuck you!” He watched him undress and as soon as he was naked, he pushed him down on the bed. He was on his back and John’s eyes roamed over his naked form. He licked his lips. His wrists got tied over his head. He lifted up his legs and placed them over his shoulders. He didn’t bother with preparing him. He just pushed inside making him yell. He was still sore. John grinned and pushed deeper, forcefully, and recklessly. Sherlock pulled at his restraints and cried. John laughed and kept fucking him in a wild and ruthless pace.
John sat down on the bed and close to him.
He pushed further into him and groaned loudly. He pulled John’s hair and came deep down into his throat. John swallowed but didn’t manage the mass of fluid which shot out of Sherlock. It ran down his chin when Sherlock pulled out. Then he staggered a few steps back until he hit the wall.
“I will light a fire for you.” They arranged themselves and John quickly showered, too. Sherlock checked his mobile in the meantime and found a text from his brother.
He looked at his unmoving body. The hair was like a halo around his head and on the sheets. The stainless-steel cuffs peeked out from under the hems of his trackpants and the collar also shone from his neck.
“Oh, I see. I am sorry. Thanks for the beer, Greg.” Greg only grinned shaking his head.
He felt so much better. He was thankful. He was even handed a brandy which he gratefully took. John didn’t speak until a servant brought dessert. It smelled like cinnamon and had berries in it. And cream. John moved the bowl over the table towards Sherlock.
“Meaning?” Greg asked.
He really needed to talk to Mycroft and not only about his behaviour but also about his past as a dom.
“Always. I am yours, Master. Always.” John took some paper and a pen and set up a draft for a new contract.
“Jesus …” Mycroft smirked. He liked Sherlock's flatmate. He approved of him because he knew he would be good for Sherlock. The first thing he had done after Sherlock had told him about John was to check his army-files. He got very much surprised but let Sherlock do what he wanted. And he had been right. Since John had moved in with his brother, he had changed already. And now they were a couple. Mycroft kept looking at John tilting his head lightly.
Sherlock held up his mobile to film the event. They watched from a safe distance when she started to cough up blood and gurgled messily. John’s hand found Sherlock’s when her body shook in seizures. It started to smell. She had pissed in her pants and also voided her bowels just as the addict in the park had done.
"Come then, John," he said, releasing his grip on both John's cock and his ropes to transfer his hands to John's hips. "Come for me."
"You don't seem very warm just yet," John commented, tapping on the tip of Sherlock's penis with the pad of his index finger. It was true, Sherlock's penis was still mostly soft, small between his legs, nowhere near the size of John's cock, which was thick and long and already standing straight out. "Let's fix that."
John shook his head. "No, Master. It pleases me to serve you and to fight for you. What I desire is to take that boy as my catamite." All servants and slaves of his Master's house were too well-trained to stop what they were doing because of John's words, but there was still a moment were it felt as if Saturn himself had paused the path of the sun in order to acknowledge the gesture of John's hand towards the young, pretty boy at the back of the room.
"What a successful checkup. Good job, Sherlock," he said, ruffling Sherlock's hair. "And now, my payment." Sherlock's smile made it hard to purse his lips, but he finally did it, and John leaned forward to press a kiss to them. "Good boy. And what do you say?"
He received a glare, tainted with a grimace of a pain. "My name," the boy said through clenched teeth, fingers wrapped tight in the blanket and walls holding John so tight that he thought the head of his cock might pop like a grape, "is Sherlock."
Watson glanced sharply around and then moved quickly forward into Sherlock's space, the limp apparently forgotten, confirming his original hypothesis of 'psychosomatic'. Sherlock's smirk widened.
posture straightened suddenly once again, like a man preparing to go into battle. His chin raised and he looked Sherlock dead in the eye. "Not at all."
"Good. Now, have you ever been tied up?" he asked as he stepped over to his bed, eyeing both his ropes and the suspension. Suspending John would allow Sherlock to even out their height differences, making fucking him easier, but his shoulder required special consideration.
"Let's check your prostate before we check your temperature," John said with a grin, and then proceeded to work Sherlock open with the sort of patience that made it easy to see how he'd made rugby captain.
"Your such a perfect little patient, Sherlock. I hope all my patients when I grow up are as good as you are." John's praise was a warmth in Sherlock's belly that lit him up from the inside like a Christmas fire in the fireplace. Or maybe that was the prostate exam talking.
"God, Sherlock,
"Do you know what I'm going to do to you, John?" he whispered into the man's ear as he worked, his breath hot and close.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but when John jerked his hips back and then forward, the sounds that came out were distinctively Not Words, and he almost complimented the eunuch's singing. Instead, John's own mouth was occupied with a vicious grin as he pulled hard on the boy's ankles, bringing his round arse onto John's knees. With the next thrust, Sherlock arched his back into the air, sounds disappeared into a silent, wide-eyed scream.
Watson huffed. "I am not following you. It's hardly my fault people are being murdered near where I travel. And you didn't answer my question."
The soldier rocked back on his heels, hostility, surprisingly, melting into surprise. "Then I want to know why. I have no money, no possessions, nothing you could want from me…"
"Can your shoulder sustain this position?"
"You may keep him until you die or lose a contest," Master declared imperiously. "If you lose but live, you shall watch your successor win your catamite instead."
"That's my perfect patient," John praised, picking Sherlock up and walking him to his en suite. "Now let's go get you ready for bed. And don't forget, this is our secret practice. Do you remember why?"
"Thanks again for doing this on such short notice, John," Mummy was saying in the atrium as she tugged on her coat. Even from his spot at the top of the stairs, watching from between the balustrade, Sherlock could see the signs of stress on her. He didn't mind though. He'd be worried too if someone called to tell him that his mum was in the hospital. "Mycroft is still away at boarding school and won't be back till spring otherwise we'd have him-"
Watson didn't reply for a moment, and then he seemed to realize either what Sherlock meant or where his eyes were trained, or both. "Oh." The word was soft and surprised, and Sherlock raised his eyes again. "Really?"
He spotted the man limping slowly along the sidewalk, eyeing the wares and delivering smile after declining smile as his limp got worse and the tension ratcheted in the lines of his body. Sherlock had the cabbie drop him off around the corner, out of sight, and he slunk silently and unnoticeably through the shadows to the end of the line, so to speak. He found himself smirking as Watson moved slowly but steadily closer, and he leaned against the brick to wait. He didn't have to wait long.
Bart's was blessedly silent in and around Sherlock's laboratory, leaving him alone to conduct his experiment. Lestrade had managed to find him an eight earlier in the night and now the hour was late, too late for the staff and students to be causing their normal disruptive commotion. And yet, there were two pairs of footsteps echoing in the hallway, the pace too mellow to be business. There was an odd, heavy but hollow thump accompanying every other step that tugged at something in Sherlock's memory, and he looked up as the footsteps neared. Mike Stamford passed by the door, visible through the small window, as was a stranger. A stranger who walked with a limp.
John blinked unsteadily at him, eyes still dilated, expression still distant. "O… kay?"
"What do you want to do first?" John asked him with that warm smile of his that made Sherlock's heart do something peculiar.
"Th-thank you, John," Sherlock managed to stutter.
Sherlock's smirk morphed into a smile. Even if the man was as likely blind as the rest of the world, he appeared to have moments of astuteness. Perfectly lovely. "And if I was?"
John's eyes were glazed from his arousal and his submission, but a small, pleased smile still crossed his lips. "Thank you, Sherlock."
Slowly, Sherlock mouthed his way down Watson's neck, pleased when the man tilted his head to give him more room. He kept his lips to the tanned skin as he began to unbutton the stiff shirt, his lips and tongue soft, his teeth barely a whisper of pressure. With every disc that slid through its fastening, the looser the collar got, until it was falling off Watson's shoulders. And with every centimeter of shoulder revealed, the heavier Watson became, the more weight he delivered into Sherlock's hold, trusting Sherlock to keep him upright. The simple act of removing a shirt had become something sensual, intimate, and it made Sherlock's heart thrum in his chest.
"Yes, Sherlock, yes, just like that," John whispered. Sherlock didn't know just like
Sherlock was a big boy now, but John was bigger. And older. Almost as old as Mycroft. Which wasn't that old, in the grand scheme of things. Nowhere near as old as mummy and daddy, but John was already in secondary school, and he'd be well into uni before Sherlock even joined secondary himself. But it was because he was so close to university that he had to practice for being a doctor. He'd wanted to be one almost his whole life, and Sherlock wanted for him to become one. And then when Sherlock was a world-famous consulting detective, John would be his doctor.
"No, no, I mean-
"It's as if you've been blessed by Mars himself!" Master greeted him jubiously. John bowed his head in both acknowledgement and thanks, but remained silent. His master could be a rather temperamental man, prone to mood shifts too fast to track, and John had no desire to be the cause of a swing to the negative. "Or perhaps Fortuna herself, with all the winnings you have gained me. Well, I did promise a great reward if you managed to win ten contests. Do you desire to become a freedman?"
, but he nodded anyway. "Are you ready? You're at peak temperature and my thermometer is about to go off. Are you ready, Sherlock?"
"I'm a child of Wanda," the boy said testily.
"Slaves can't carry knives," the boy said.
"Fuck," John growled, leaving behind the imprint of his mouth in the soft, pale skin as all the heat of Vesuvius flooded his being. His release was primed and he just needed-
"I said, 'Do you understand me?'" he repeated sharply.
John shoved a second finger into the boy, who yelped, short and high, at the stretch. "I thought you said you hadn't seen any of my matches," he said lightly, interested by the boy's near-lordly speech patterns but annoyed that the boy was trying to lie to him.
And perhaps a little more even after that.
John shook his head, and then managed a broken "No."
"Deal," Sherlock agreed with a grin, and stood up to kiss John. It wasn't until he was bearing the man, his soldier, down onto the duvet that he realized it was the first time they'd kissed that evening.
John grinned at the denial and wrapped his hands around the boy's ankles, spreading his legs. "Oh? And what did Wanda call you, if not blessed?"
Sherlock laughed, surprised by his own amusement and just as delighted in Watson's gallows humour and his presence in 221B. "I certainly hadn't planned on it." He stepped up behind the other man and wrapped his arms around him, unashamedly running his hands up and down his chest, avoiding the temptation of the buttons. He leaned in close to brush his lips against the curve of Watson's ear. "Although, if you're interested in a bit more fun, I'd be more than happy to retrieve my knife and gun?" Watson turn his head to give Sherlock a flat look over his shoulder. Sherlock hooked his chin over firm muscle and solid bone and grinned as he nipped a tempting lobe. "Another time, then."
Sherlock smiled back and slowly walked John backwards with a gentle pressure against his chest until they stood beneath the suspension rigging. Suspension was a delicate procedure, even without a previously-injured party to consider, and Sherlock took care to be excruciatingly precise in the lay of ropes and in weight distribution. It took longer than he would have liked, long enough that John's erection had wilted just a little, and Sherlock's quite a bit, thankfully relieving some of the pressure in the front of his trousers, but at last, John was hanging at the perfect height, halfway between lying horizontally in the ropes and reclining in them.
Sherlock traced one wet finger around John's hole, massaged the muscle with soft but firm intent, letting the tip of his finger slip sporadically inside briefly before withdrawing it again. For the moment, he just wanted to gentle John's too-tense body into cooperation. "You're a junkie, John. That's what happens when you feed your addiction." He finally pressed the whole length of his finger inside, and the muscles in John's stomach clenched almost rhythmically in place of arching or writhing.
question, Doctor," Sherlock said by way of answer. When Watson just gave him a blank look, Sherlock reiterated. "How long has it been since someone has taken control?"
"I'm a consulting detective," he said suddenly, surprising both of them.
"Oh? And where do you want it?" Sherlock asked, feigning obliviousness. He finally used his free hand to unbutton and unzip his leather trousers, and he nearly breathed a sigh of relief at the sensation of pulling his erect cock out from the hot, confining fabric and into the cool air of the flat. The tip was wet, like John's, and Sherlock smeared it across the back of one of John's thighs. "Here?" he asked, and John shook his head. "Perhaps here then?" he said next, rutting once into the crease of John's thigh.
He left Lestrade and Scotland Yard's finest scratching their head and archived the man as he caught a cab back to Baker Street.
By the time Watson's shirt hit the floor, Sherlock's fingers had already began work on Watson's belt, and his mouth had already begun to seek out the small webbing of scar at the back of his soldier's left shoulder. He scraped his teeth over the mass of silvered flesh and Watson gasped, arching his spine away from Sherlock, which, incidentally, had his hips pushing the bulge beneath the placket of his trousers into Sherlock's palm as Sherlock unbuttoned and unzipped. Smiling, Sherlock moved his hand higher, pushing on Watson's belly to bring him back into position, even as Sherlock bit into the sensitive scar.
breath over the head of John's purpling prick. "And I plan to," he said over the sound of John's short cry.
"She called me Sherl-AH!"
Sherlock uncoiled his longest rope and tied the first knot just below the rope's midpoint, preparing the dark blue coils for a hishi karada. "I rather think the stoplight system will work just fine for a first encounter, yes?" He knelt behind John and draped the rope around his neck, positioning his first knot and the loop it left at the top of John's spine.
John folded without question and without hesitation, simply knelt right there in front of Sherlock, balancing his arse on his heels, his thighs tight with his balanced weight. He kept his chin and shoulders down but his back straight, a perfect posture, and then, without prompting, put his arms behind his back as well, grasping one wrist with the opposite hand. Sherlock hummed in surprise and pleasure, and combed his fingers through the short, blond strands. "Mm, very good job, John."
He could barely contain himself - his expression or his body. He felt like he was shaking, his skin overheated and prickling inside his mesh and leather clothes.
"Only one in the world. When Scotland Yard is out of their depth, they call me. I hardly get anything truly interesting, but I could do with a partner. Incidentally, there's a spare bedroom upstairs." It all came out in a rush, before he could even think about what he was saying. It wasn't often that his body made off without his mind driving, but it did occur on occasion.
"John," Watson said suddenly, and Sherlock looked up at him from his crouch. He knew the picture he painted: the flush of his own cheeks, the colour of his eyes surrounded by his makeup, the plumpness of his lips, so close to Watson's erection. He smiled and Watson's breath hitched.
"Arms behind your back," Sherlock commanded, speaking for the first time in long minutes. It made his voice stand out in the quiet of the room, and it made John shiver. But he did as he was told.
"Did you need to do your doctor practice?" Sherlock asked him, eyes already scanning down John's body, searching for the little things only he and Mycroft seemed to be able to see.
"You really are a godsend, John." There was a small quiver in her voice that made Sherlock uncomfortable but he didn't know why.
Something changed in John's smile, and Sherlock shivered. "Of course," he said with a nod. He held out his hands and Sherlock raised his arms to be picked up - he didn't normally like to be carried, he was too old for that now, but John was warm and solid from his rugby games, and Sherlock liked the feel of him a different way than he like the feel of his mum and dad. "Let's get our patient ready."
"Good boy. Let's get the thermometer turned all the way on," John said, and then he pulled his hips back, his penis pulling out, before he pushed back in.
Once back at his full height, he stepped close until Watson's skin was brushing against his clothes, and then ducked his head to suck a mark into the unblemished skin of the tanned throat. He wanted to cover this man in his marks, make him remember Sherlock if he decided not to stay. Most of the marks would be from Sherlock's ropes, but he wanted to leave at least one with his mouth, with his teeth. Something high, something that sat above even a fully buttoned collar; something dark, noticeable to anyone who might encounter his doctor over the next week. An unavoidable truth that John Watson had belonged to him, even if just for a night.
"Well, Sherlock," John drawled, licking his lips and settling his weight onto his heels and into his thighs as he luxuriated in the sensation the youth wrapped so tightly around him, "my blessings from Mars are well documented, but it's time to show you how Venus has blessed me as well."
"No," the boy answered even shorter and this time, John laughed.
There was a man standing on the fringes of the crowd gathered outside the police tape and though everything about him - his face, his hair, his clothes - screamed 'average', his posture was military-perfect and his face was tanned an unusual shade for a London-native. Something about that combination, normal and ex-military, suited the man and simultaneously piqued Sherlock's interest at the incomplete picture he was too far away from to make clear. He nearly pushed through the crowd to get to the stranger, but Lestrade, inopportune as always, chose that moment to grow impatient.
. He needed more self control. He needed to make this last. He'd prefer it if the man stayed, forever, but Sherlock wasn't going to force it, so he needed to act as if this night was the only night they were going to have together.
fuck me.
"You're so loose now, John," he murmured, dropping his gaze to where his three fingers were pulling in and pushing out of the soft, pink hole. "I've been fingering you for some time now. Surely that's not all you want from me?" he teased, not slowing his pace. John's head shook, the only part of him that could move, and Sherlock hummed curiously. "No? What else could you possibly want? You must be so full by now. But perhaps not… You want a fourth finger? Well, if you insist…" he trailed off, although he was already alternating between gently tracing the stretched rim with the edge of his pinky's fingernail, and pressing his fingertip in alongside his other three fingers, stretching John just a little bit more each time.
When Sherlock circled around to the front of him, he found signs of malnourishment in the prominence of ribs and signs of inactivity in the softness of belly. The scarring on the front of Watson's shoulder was wider, a web of silver, which Sherlock was distracted from by the spread of a red flush from neck to shoulders. Watson was breathing intentionally steady, mouth open; further evidence of his self-control, and further proof that Sherlock was going to have fun breaking him.
"I know," Sherlock said simply, and just like before, when Sherlock had insinuated he knew where he lived, his soldier said nothing. "Now get on your knees,
"You really are exquisite in blue, John," he praised, hooking his finger over a knot over John's sternum. "You should wear it more often."
"Have you ever been fucked before?"
It took a few tries to remember how to expel the air from his lungs, but when he did, John gave him another one of those warmth-inducing smiles, and started pushing again. He didn't stop again, not when Sherlock stopped breathing when the pressure started becoming intolerable, or when it did become intolerable and tears rolled down Sherlock's cheeks, his arms wrapping tight around John's neck as his body tensed at the pain. He didn't start until his hips were so flat against the back of Sherlock's that Sherlock's skin was tickled by the thatch of hair at the apex of John's legs that Sherlock hadn't grown yet.
Harsh breaths stirred the air and Sherlock's sweat-damp curls as John luxuriated in the fading ecstasy of his orgasm and the easing ripples of the muscles around his cock. His release left him feeling pleased and relaxed, but with a growing awareness that his position, suspended over the youth's trembling body, was not conducive to true relaxation. Without so much as a grunt of effort normally required by the maneuver as done with older lovers, John easily kept the boy on his cock as he brought Sherlock's scant weight with him when he rocked backwards onto his heels, keeping his momentum until he fell against the wall.
Sherlock frowned and flicked an ear. "None of that. Sherlock will do fine," he corrected.
The first touch to his penis, a simple brush of the callous on John's thumb, from tree climbing, Sherlock had long ago deduced, made Sherlock shiver intensely. He couldn't help the way he curled in on himself, the touch still new and familiar, even though this wasn't the first time John had practiced doctoring on him. He didn't wait for John to raise his eyebrow at him before he forced his arms and legs back down to the bed, and he got a kiss to his lips in reward.
"Thank you for my checkup, Dr. John," he said obediently, and he got a warm smile in turn that made him smile even wider.
"No," but this time the boy smiled in return, expression almost smug, teasing John back. But then, to John's slight surprise, he kept talking. "Your knuckles are scarred from the plates, and all your other scars are defensive. Except for this one." Small, thin fingers, touch the gnarled scars on John's shoulder, the middle of the three thicker than the two on either side. "You were distracted - a trident caught your shoulder."
When at last the only bind left to perform was the futomomo, something that would be best done when John was already suspended, Sherlock stood. He kept a guiding finger under John's bottom forearm and John followed to his feet with the wordless command, the motion smooth and graceful. Sherlock rounded the front of him and felt his breath go unsteady for a moment at the sight of John's chest lined with his diamonds, his cock and balls framed just so with the last diamond in the chain. The explosive size of the scar on his shoulder that screamed 'shot from behind'.
John let him swing for a while until he was a moaning, leaking mess. This was the nice part.
“He was seeing Sherlock before. Sherlock being tortured. They are connected in a way I haven't seen for ages.” Now Bela looked into John's eyes.
“I did last night after I left John. I know you won’t eat the hospital food.”
The noises Sherlock made were heavenly. He pulled at the ropes and his head lolled over the pillows.
“I was wondering if you liked it. I remember Sherlock. I have talked to John about it. I…” Greg helplessly shrugged.
“I didn’t know that before Greg told me. But it’s all fine. I am here and you are unharmed.” He desperately wanted to comfort him but didn’t dare to touch him. Instead, he passed by and patted his shoulder. It seemed to be enough though because Sherlock obviously relaxed.
“Probably, because I was chiding him for his bad eating habits.” Greg grinned.
“And today's meds are helping?”
“We will see.” Mycroft nodded. He pushed his head into the sheets and the ballgag got pressed deeper inside. Greg couldn’t breathe for long seconds and his arousal heightened. He shook when Mycroft let go but he didn’t safeword.
On the other hand, Greg had his problems, too. There was his divorce for once and he had lost it. He had actually cried in front of Mycroft and he hated himself for it. His reaction though had been nice because he had offered his help.
“Turn around.” He did and she saw all the scars and bruises that faded away slowly. She swallowed and her eyes darkened when he didn't look at her. Right then she decided to not do this. She couldn't just make this man fuck her. He didn't want it; she just knew it.
“And you, Sherlock?” Greg asked. Sherlock swallowed.
“I will even eat your wonderful welcome dinner but then you will take me to bed and fuck me senseless.” He sounded serious. John swallowed.
“You are awake, old man. Very good.” Sherlock smiled and John pulled a face.
“Your regret is too late, Sherlock. I honestly don’t know what to do with you. Punishment obviously doesn’t work. You simply don’t accept or honour me just a little bit. You don’t honour our relationship. That’s why I want a break. I want you to think it through. What do you want from me, from our relationship? My errors. Am I doing anything wrong? Just think about it.” John slowly stood and Sherlock’s eyes followed his hands.
“Wash it with cold water. No soap. I’ll be right with you.” He smiled and hurried back to his lab equipment.
“You should have called me. I would have told you where the key was hidden. The spare key. Because this is so not good!” He pressed down once again. He wanted to make him feel the pain and hear him groan. And he groaned.
“Thank you for taking care of me, Master. For the food you provided yesterday and for the shower and care-taking just now. I am thanking you for proper training to make me behave like the good submissive you want and desire, Master. But I cannot go on a stage. I never agreed to it and you have promised. No matter what you are doing to me, you won't be able to make me do that. I am sorry, Master.” John slowly nodded.
“And I sometimes do like what you are cooking for me. You always listen to my wishes…” Sherlock smiled.
John was in pain. He was kneeling for hours or so it seemed. He was waiting for his dom to come back. He needed to show him how good he was, how his behaviour had improved. He didn't like to be punished for talking back.
“How do you know that?” He asked. Ian nonchalantly shrugged.
“John, let me look at you.” Ian said and held him by his muscular arms. Sherlock stepped aside.
“Let's go home then and do something fantastic to each other.” Sherlock snatched his wrist and pulled him behind.
Sherlock took a second helping after having finished and his brother wondered about the feelings Sherlock had. He was quite convinced he knew about Ian's. But what about Sherlock?
“Where exactly?” Mycroft asked.
So, what else had happened? Had he somehow annoyed him in their home? Sherlock thought about coming home after the crime scene.
“John, you have to wake up. There are things in bed you…” Greg couldn’t finish his sentence.
"Bloody hell!” It was already 11 am and he was due in two hours for yet another shift. He quickly jumped out of bed and into the bath. He was fast and dressed in no time. When he appeared in the kitchen, Sherlock had breakfast ready and had even made sandwiches for him to take to work. He proudly presented them and put them into his bag.
“Table!” Sherlock said and John turned to grab it. Sherlock stood and fetched his mobile. There was a message already being sent from Anthea.
“Very well. Has it ever been waxed?”
Sherlock didn't know how long he had been sitting there when it knocked on the door. His head came up and he stood. This must be Ian and he was right. He opened the door for him and they entered the kitchen. Ian looked at him.
“I did knock. You didn’t hear it because you were busy.” He came closer and patted John on the shoulder.
Then he found the lab on their kitchen table and saw what he had done. At first, he was pissed because it was a dangerous thing to do. But then he saw the protection gear and it was all fine.
“Of course you had.” John cleared his throat and now filled a cup with perfectly brewed coffee.
John was even wicked enough to show Sherlock the time on his mobile every few minutes so he could see the progress. Every time his eyes widened and he looked alarmed.
“Since I will spend a lot of time waiting, I brought a book, my tablet, and snacks. Also, my mobile and wallet and such.”
“Mycroft told me what you did this morning. I am also very proud of you, you know? And how is the Detective Inspector doing?” He asked.
He really was.
“Sure. You know where to find me or other things.” They parted and Sherlock pulled a blanket from the back of an armchair and got out of his shoes. He hung his jacket over the armrest and made himself comfortable with a book.
Sherlock saw him leaving the flat. He saw him limping, too. He pressed his lips together but then decided to eat the ice-cream. It was good and he sighed. Now he felt cold and shivered. He pulled the blanket down that hung over the armchair’s back and covered his body with it. He tried to stay awake and wait for John but couldn’t. His head lolled to the side and he fell asleep.
“He only told me about a brother in the government but we never talked about it since then. Too much happened.”
“Come on and sit down again. Do you need anything? Perhaps by now, you need something more for dinner than a few bits of antipasti. Perhaps you would like takeaway? Perhaps, you should also call your security because you have been away for a long time already.” Greg held his hand and smiled.
John was clad in black tactical gear and Greg thought how very attractive that looked. Mycroft looked at Greg and suddenly their eyes met. Greg saw something in them he hadn't expected but it made him smile and he tilted his head. He moved closer to him.
“You know, you look very well shagged.” Sherlock had the decency to blush.
“There once was that magician he pissed off mightily, but he is gone.”
“Oh blergh!” Greg exclaimed pulling a face. John laughed.
He quickly came back out clad in the comfy clothes John had laid out for him before. He had allowed socks today because he knew how Sherlock liked wearing them.
Suddenly the man reached between his knees and lifted him up. His free hand opened his zip and his prick touched Sherlock's behind. Slowly he was lowered down and got breached. He groaned and shook the rattle.
“Yes, right away. First thing in the morning.”
“What is it?” John asked curiously.
“Eyes on me, slut!” Sherlock at once looked back into John’s eyes who kept pushing deeper and deeper into his mouth not caring about any skills. He only wanted to take him, fuck his face, and come deep down his throat.
Sherlock actually didn’t believe that, didn’t want to believe that. John wouldn’t do that to him. So there had to be a way.
“I’ll be taking care of that, too.” He took his hand and led him into the bath. He turned the water on and left again while Greg used the loo. He undressed himself and prepared two drinks. Back in the bath, Greg already sat in the bubbling water looking relaxed. He held out his hands to take the glasses from Mycroft.
“As you wish.” Sherlock left and Mycroft and Greg stood and watched the car disappear around the corner. They looked at each other and closed the door.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock nodded. He desperately needed to be told what to do. He wanted to help John. He needed him. John. His dom.
“Stop it, slut!” Sherlock sobbed and his muscles tightened. John's piss sloshed around inside of him. His head hurt because it was still pressed down on the hardwood. Plus, he was blind and scared to death.
“I know what you are trying to tell me. But being a dom in this situation doesn't matter. Believe me, it's the only way.”
“How is Sherlock?” Greg asked looking at John.
Sometime later he started to move and his head moved quickly from side to side. He mumbled something and John stood up.
“I want it to count loudly, thank me and ask for more. Say it deserved it.” He landed the first hit.
“Behave, Sherlock, please?” John just told him. Sherlock looked down and into his eyes.
“Promise me, you two will stay together. After having watched this, you can't be alone. Do you understand?” Mycroft looked at them. John swallowed but nodded.
“Could you cover this, please?” He asked with a raised brow.
“Yes, I did. I hadn't realised at all that I used glamour on you. I really thought you liked it.”
Sherlock picked her up and carried her over to the bed. He got on his front and placed his head close to her. His hands went below her behind and lifted her up. His long hair covered her and she spread her legs and lifted them up.
John took another rope and bound his genitals. He tied it around and between his testicles and led the rope between his legs up to his bound wrists. If Sherlock started to move too much it would hurt. No matter what he did, it would hurt. John licked his lips.
“I sure will. Don’t you worry.” Softly he pecked a kiss on his cheek. Moriarty pulled a face but let him.
“Sherlock!” John called out a bit louder and now he snuffled and moved a little bit.
“He can't go out there into some nasty club. He will be lost and hurt.” His kind features hardened.
“What's up, Greg? What happened?”
“Gregory, where are you going?” He heard him both inside his ear and over the speakers. He quickly pulled out the device he had taken this morning.
“No, we don’t.” Sherlock answered standing up while John collected the rubbish to bin it.
“God, what else does it take to make him see?” Sherlock thought at the same time lowering his head.
“This is all my fault... I am so sorry... Greg is gone and you yelled at each other... Please, go and talk to him. You can't ever leave him. Just please?” He sobbed and hiccupped.
And he followed him upstairs. The door stood open and Sherlock leant against the kitchen counter and held a piece of cake already. He swallowed and blushed when John entered the flat.
“No, Master.” He rubbed his hands together.
But not for long. It could have been only a few seconds because soon enough he felt being fucked again. He got shoved against the bed and tried to relax. But it wasn't possible. He cried and sobbed and almost lost his mind.
“Come to bed and hold me.” Sherlock smiled and spooned John. He had read about it and seen it on TV. John obviously liked it because he purred like an animal, a strong animal. He held on to Sherlock’s arm and buried his head into the pillow. Soon after he completely relaxed and fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms who listened to his heartbeat, strong and steady.
“Sherlock, I am so happy to have finally found you!” Greg exclaimed. Sherlock still clung to him but didn't speak.
“No, actually Lestrade just texted me. There was a murder right beside the National Theatre.” Sherlock looked happy.
“I never want to lose you again. Hurt you again. Not like that anyway.” Sherlock’s smile was quite a bit lopsided.
“Your home... Your people... It's entirely my fault...” He had to fight with his tears. Now Ian took him by the shoulders.
“Are you awake, pet?” John asked from behind and played with his nipple-rings. Played, not tormenting him.
“Nothing. Everything.” Sherlock sighed and shook his head. He was behaving stupidly again. He passed by John and left the bedroom. John cast a last longing look at the suspension system and then followed him.
“Nowhere.” Sherlock simply said. John needed a few seconds to understand.
“Very good, pet.” John praised and walked around him. His hand found the way into his long hair and touched, pulled, and ruffled for a while.
“Sure thing. I was curious to see the place.” He grinned and Greg returned the grin.
“You would waste your time there because I will probably sleep all the time. You instead have a job; you have work to do.” Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock moved back on his own and pulled John along. He didn’t seem to mind and they kissed for a very long time.
“Yes, he is actually related to the host. The host is also related to the owner of the place. The owner of the place is someone infamous.” Sherlock grinned. Greg glared at him.
. And now an attack directed at us. Why us? However, could they have known you would be here? How could have this been arranged? I really hate being clueless!” Mycroft complained. Only now John saw that Mycroft was in silk pyjamas and barefoot. It showed off his slender body and John really had no idea why Sherlock said he was fat.
“What is my reward?” Sherlock finally asked following him outside and back into the living room.
By now, John knew he was close to tears and only hugged him tighter. He felt him lean back. Then he felt his knees give way and he lowered them both onto the hardwood.
Greg licked his lips but got off the bed and over to the aforementioned bag. He pulled open the zip and then stared inside. There were a bunch of toys. Actually, there were many toys. He reached inside and rummaged through everything.
“Yes. Well. I need to ask you some questions.” John said.
“Doesn’t it want to show me how beautiful it thinks I am?” He knew what to do and made his cock swell. She was very pleased by his instant reaction.
“Really?” Greg wondered.
His head shot up when he heard the thump coming from the bedroom followed by a quiet groan. He hurried back inside and found John right in front of the door to the bath. He was down on the hardwood and he looked as if being in pain.
“So, this is all your stuff then?” Sherlock looked around kicking away some books on the floor. Then he used a knife to pin the mail onto the mantelpiece. John also saw a skull sitting up there. It was a real skull. He was sure about it after he had a closer look.
“You... Fuck you! I should have killed you when I had the chance! You won't take him away from me! You simply won't! He is mine!” John yelled and tried to attack.
John looked rather surprised but reached out at once.
He was asleep in mere seconds. The sound of John breathing made Sherlock tired, too. He fell asleep a few minutes after.
“Yes, I do. That’s your computer there? Give!” He held out his hand and Sebastian just handed it over.
He sat on his sofa and poured a drink. He closed his eyes and breathed.
“Please talk to me! Sherlock?” Gently he placed his palm on his shoulder and this got a reaction out of Sherlock. He jerked him off and rolled away. He was on his legs in a second sobbing a bit. His face looked unmoved when he said:
“Look at me?” His head came back up quickly. “You are anything but! Do you hear me? You had bad experiences and it is alright to complain about them. These men have treated you badly.”
“Fuck back, John. You may move and fuck yourself on my fingers.” John almost sobbed but at once started to move. He tried to find a good angle but Sherlock moved against him.
“No, I was busy distracting you from the boring Lady.” He sipped some whiskey.
“Am I safe to leave this place, Mr Holmes, or will your men throw themselves on me?” She stood and looked at him.
“Hey, sunshine…” John whispered tenderly. Sherlock smiled back up at him.
“Yes, I thought so.” John grinned and fiddled with the cage. Something moved and out of bleary eyes, Sherlock could see that the head was fully exposed. He really had invented something nasty. The ring got inserted and now he screamed and cried. The head got almost covered again and a penis-plug was put inside, too. Metal again.
With chocolate-stained lips, he looked at John.
amazing!” John smiled.
“Would you mind taking me home, Mr Holmes?” He stood and smiled.
He sighed and called Irene Adler.
“I would have let you known if I weren’t. But you were perfect. I deeply enjoyed everything.” He smiled and slowly placed a slice of cucumber onto his tongue and into his mouth. Greg swallowed and quickly cast his eyes. Then he shifted on his chair and Mycroft chuckled.
Mycroft wished for the same with Gregory. He deeply sighed and pressed his lips together. Then he started to type.
“Morning, sunshine…” He murmured and came closer. Sherlock beamed.
“I do like it here!” John exclaimed and Sherlock smiled.
John slowly woke and groaned.
Sherlock had somehow survived several days of torture and rape. He had tried to ensure his dom about his love and devotion and it seemed to have worked. He became softer but not soft enough. But it had saved Sherlock’s life until now.
Sherlock pressed his lips together tightly. His eyes were scrunched close. He bore everything John dished out. He didn’t make a sound when he flicked off one clamp after the other.
He just shrugged and thanked him. Then he sat on the passenger seat and looked at London passing by on his way home.
His eyes were closed and his lips stood partly open. He was drooling. He was also deep down.
“Careful, Sherlock.” John took the glass.
“And what do you have in mind?” John asked and Sherlock perked up his ears.
He stayed with the body until the medics arrived and he was made to sit on the sofa. He made a sad face and forced up some tears muttering about not being able to help. He was a former army-doctor and a decorated war veteran. And they treated him like that, praised him even for trying and led him back into his bedsit shaking their heads with pity behind his back.
He felt much better afterwards and dressed in jeans and a jumper. Stepping outside Sherlock looked at him and John just stood there and let him. He knew Sherlock needed the reassurance that he was just fine. He smiled up at him and opened his arms wide. At once, he came close and hugged him. They tenderly kissed for a few minutes until John gently pushed him back.
“What’s the time?” Mycroft asked and when Greg told him his eyes widened.
„Have you two insane people made a plan?“ He asked not able to hold back his curiosity.
“He really wants you. I think he is serious about it. I could sense the attraction months ago when seeing you together on one of Sherlock’s crime scenes.” John said.
“Really?” Greg nodded.
And an even more fantastic dessert. John would be his dessert and he would be John’s.
Both men panted and shifted on the leather. The moment Mycroft’s hand cupped Greg’s groin he groaned loudly and his hips once bucked. Mycroft quietly laughed tightening his grip on both his genitals and neck. Securely he held him in position and Greg didn’t mind at all.
"But I believe we are good again, aren't we?” Greg whispered with his lips against Mycroft's skin.
“Yes, he does love you. Perhaps, I should come along and sit with you for a while?”
“He will be long gone and it won't matter anymore anyway.” Sherlock still was a bit stroppy.
Lestrade had texted him and he was curious.
He moved closer and stroked over his back. He saw him relax a bit more and his eyes closed for a brief moment. He didn’t say anything though.
“But perhaps I should enhance the experience for you, as well.” John thoughtfully said and turned away again. He returned with a roll of bondage tape. Sherlock sobbed.
“Don't act shy, Mr Holmes. We know who you are.” He grinned and quietly laughed.
“I am not as deviant as my little brother.” He didn’t look at Greg.
“Where are we going?” He asked.
“You call him
“Out, get out, please … Oh, God …” John groaned and Sherlock pulled out perhaps a bit too quickly.
“Yes?” He carefully said not remembering at all about a rack. His mind was busy with solving crimes and doing the work.
He reached his car and threw him into the trunk. He would sleep for a while and wouldn't wake up until John had reached his new place.
“You know what I want to hear, don’t you?” Sherlock hissed it out.
“Really? You weren’t bored?” John asked and Sherlock shook his head.
Bless John, he thought with a smile. He knew how sensitive his facial skin was. He wouldn’t even tape him for punishment. He would think of other things.
“Sherlock, you don't want to climb up there, do you?” Sherlock looked at John.
“Absolutely. Just go ahead. You have free reigns. You can use everything in here.” The man languidly stroked over his groin.
“It’s not that I don’t want you but I still feel a bit off. I am sorry.” At once he kissed him.
A week later he had moved in and left a happy brother behind. Sherlock wasn’t happy and not pleased at all. He was bored. Mrs Hudson was away to visit her sister and he was all alone. There wasn’t an experiment that needed his attention and there was no case. He worried his lips.
“And you brought ice cream…” Completely without any intention, he licked his lips staring at the still wrapped goods. He quickly stood and followed John into the kitchen.
„What plan?“ John asked.
“Yes,
“I’ll go and buy the needed ingredients. Then I will call your brother and invite him for dinner.” Sherlock relaxed.
Finally, they let go of each other because they needed to breathe. Sherlock’s pupils were dilated and he lightly panted.
“What does Lestrade have to do with it?” He asked.
The next morning, they showered together and got dressed. Sherlock held up the spray making John grin.
“Since forever.” Sherlock finished the sentence and gently placed his palm flat on his shoulder. They looked into each other’s eyes and then Mycroft saw the bandage around his brother’s hand.
“Yes, but you are a doctor.” Sherlock pulled at his shirt.
.” He quietly said and Greg just shrugged.
“I will listen to what?” Suddenly there he was leaning over their table. Greg almost fell off his chair but John just looked up smiling.
“I want to take my time with you. I don’t want you to come too soon but I promise to let you. Later.” Sherlock move his palm over John’s flat stomach and felt the muscles twitch beneath his hand.
“What? Did something happen?” Sherlock shook his head.
“I am sorry, Sir.” He grabbed a cushion and knelt by John’s chair. It was their breakfast ritual. He was to wait until John had prepared everything and placed it on the table. It was John’s decision how Sherlock would have his breakfast. Being hand-fed on his knees by his dom’s side or like a grown-up on his chair.
John changed his position again and stood between his legs. He took the weight around his genitals away but tied a rope around it to prevent him from orgasm. Sherlock complained from behind the ballgag and John once slapped his behind rather hard. The noises stopped but the leaking increased.
“I need to get to know you better, much better, to completely understand your behaviour. I don't mind you being you. I love you...” Ian whispered.
“Since you have mastered the science of deduction, it must be right.” Mycroft smiled and Sherlock relaxed a little bit.
“I am not working for you but with you. And I won’t lie to my employer.”
“I believe you won't provoke me again too soon?” Sherlock asked.
John gave him a heavy push and he yelled the house down. It came out rather muffled from behind the ballgag and John grinned rubbing his hands. He once checked for crossed fingers but found nothing.
Mycroft stared at Greg and by now he really wondered about his experiences. His own were very limited, it seemed.
This was followed by a metal collar which snapped closed around his neck. It sat tight and pressed on his throat. It had a ring on the front.
“They were pros, John. They were clad in excellent gear.” Greg said and Sherlock nodded storing his phone away. He turned around in his seat.
Sherlock looked worriedly at Ian for directions.
“Do you want me to…” Greg’s eyes moved south.
“When undressing you, I decided to give you both nipple rings and a Prince Albert. I love the look! These will make up for your ugly hairstyle. So, don't you worry, my dear.” He quietly giggled.
He reached the hospital and found John inside his office having a break. He looked tired. He looked a mess.
“I could sit in the tub, too. If you like. It was just a suggestion.” Sherlock stuttered thinking he had done it wrong. John though hummed rather pleased.
“I’ll be honest then. He has been raped. His insides were torn and he has lost a lot of blood. But he will heal back to 100% capacity. Where the tracking-device was cut out of his thigh, I had to stitch him up, too. There will be a scar but there is laser treatment. He has many bruises but they will fade soon enough. He will be in a lot of pain. But he will manage.”
“You can’t leave!” Mycroft called after him and stood. What was he supposed to do now? And then he did something, he hadn’t done in a very long time. He ran after him and followed him upstairs.
“You are here...” His eyes were wide open by now.
A few minutes later, Greg lifted his head back up.
“Thank you…” A shy smile was back up and John wondered about Sherlock’s past.
. They didn’t count on you or on Gregory.”
“Thank you, will do!” Sherlock replied with a smile already reaching out for the bag.
“Very good, Gregory. I will tell you what I have found out in the meantime, shall I?” He asked.
“Where is your drink?” John shrugged.
“Anyway, I will be coming if possible. That’s settled then.” John corroborated his opinion. Sherlock looked at him and nodded again.
Captain Dr John Watson always had been a good soldier and a good doctor, too. He killed as many enemies as possible and he rescued and healed as many comrades as possible. But when it had been his turn to be saved, rescued, and healed no one was there to do so.
“Don’t go away.” John smiled and retrieved the first aid kit from the bathroom. He took care of everything and wondered if he could touch him.
“Yes, Master.” Sherlock thought it hadn't sounded too bad.
“See you, Mr Holmes.” She shook his hand all smile and let him out.
John wildly and relentlessly pushed into him, filled him out like no one or nothing did before. Soon he rubbed over his prostate with every single move making him pliant again. He reached out and took his cock. Sherlock’s breath hitched when John started to stroke him. He threw his head back and moaned very wanton.
“I will clean your face now. You cried a lot and now you are all puffy and blotchy.”
“Please, be assured that I will always follow your orders. I will obey. I will do whatever you wish for.” And John pushed him.
“Did you enjoy my gift for the night?” John politely asked. Sergej shrugged.
And he didn't mind at all cleaning the flat and going shopping. He did all the chores, he washed and cooked. He even brought Sherlock's posh clothes to the dry-cleaner. Everything felt so right and he liked taking care of that ridiculous man. He made him eat on a regular basis and praised him when needed, both at home and at crime scenes.
“Absolutely.” John replied. They agreed on seven and John would be a bit earlier to freshen up.
“Good morning, sunshine!” John said and came closer. Sherlock looked up at him and a tiny smile was on his face.
“You are still on rather strong meds, Jim. I don’t …” Moriarty pouted and Sebastian sensed a temper tantrum.
He was holding the fourth folder by now and opened it. There also was a picture and Sherlock’s eyes widened. He knew this man. He had been his friend. He had been helping him in the past, after he had run away from home. When he had lived on the streets, slept in the sewers and shot heroin into his bloodstream. He had taken him in several times but the last time Sherlock enjoyed his drugs, he had been taken by his tormentors, the slave-traders. And he had disappeared into cold and dark channels. Obviously, he had never been able to trace him.
“Is he seeing a therapist?” Ian thoughtfully asked looking down at Sherlock.
“I allow this for now. In the future, you won’t do anything. I am doing things to you. You don’t move, you don’t speak and you don’t help. There is nothing you can decide in the matter of how I am taking you. Is that clear, my beautiful?” John asked.
Someone knocked on his door and he didn't react. But Greg came inside anyway.
Gently Moran put his arms around him and held him. He placed a kiss on his neck murmuring soothing words. Only then he felt him relax. Moriarty now held on to his very muscular arm and gave in. He even hummed.
He just pulled him close and slung his arms around him. One hand was placed on his neck and his thumb stroked over his skin and hair.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shivered with lust and desire. He chewed on the rubber gag while John massaged his balls. His bound cock and balls didn't really hurt but sent flashes of pleasure through his body.
Soon enough he heard the siren and he had to smile. Greg had really hurried. He stopped right by his side and John quickly got into the police cruiser.
Sherlock drove him mad, absolutely mad. Right now, he wasn't able to Master the insane man. It was as if he was provoking him and John just wanted a break. If he wouldn't get a break the cane or whatever implements of pain he used would grow attached to him.
John fiddled with the bow and then opened it. Then he stared into the box for minutes. Sherlock watched him carefully. The emotions running over his face were clear. He loved the present.
“You know, I only wanted to help you when I opposed. You hurt me badly by pushing me away. My trust in you has lessened. It will need time to get it back fully.” Greg said.
They got properly dressed and had another drink. Sherlock didn't quite know how to cope with the change in John's behaviour. His Master's behaviour. And it had changed but for the better.
“You are such a pain-slut, Johnny-boy. I like that!” His dom exclaimed and hit his stomach and chest. John screamed and panted and swayed some more.
Soon enough Sherlock felt the urgent need to piss. He fidgeted and only hurt himself. He sweated and knew what was to come. At least it was his own urine but he couldn't be sure if it wouldn't end with the man pissing into him to end this day.
“I found him in the kitchen crying. I sent him up to shower and change. He was very worried. You know, he could have run, don't you?” John nodded.
“What do you mean?” He asked and Sherlock kept fiddling with the blanket.
“Brought? From where?” John asked.
“Let go, please, or it will be over too soon.” He roughly whispered. Sherlock let go at once and instead he moved his hands over parts of John he could reach from down below.
“You are very welcome.” They shook hands and Ian was handed a drink. They sat and Ian swirled the amber fluid.
“Very good. See you in a few.” Mycroft hung up and Sherlock stared at his mobile.
Sherlock had cooked and had been fed. But again, he was always hungry. His clothes weren't white anymore but soiled with kitchen dirt, urine, and other body fluids. His cock and balls were chafed raw and permanently hurt.
“Why didn't I know about this?” She asked a bit darkly.
John enjoyed this a lot. He felt safe, at home and loved by this man, well, vampire. He understood that everything was new for Sherlock, too, and that he tried out a lot with him.
“Normally, yes. It’s all so obvious but everybody only sees but not observes. Nine out of ten I can even tell him who the murderer is by only looking at the crime scene.” John wondrously stared at him.
Sherlock felt safe inside the plastic. It was warm. It was a good feeling. His thinking stopped. His brain stopped swirling and was shut off. Sherlock went into subspace again letting out a low humming sound.
With twitching fingers, he grabbed his braided hair and held it up. His other hand held the pair of scissors. He swallowed and closed his eyes for a second. And then he closed the blades.
“Would you like details?” Mycroft asked sitting down as well.
“What?” Greg asked. Ian explained what happened and Greg shook his head pressing his fingers against his nose.
“Never mind. You meant no harm. I can cope.” He smiled and sipped his ale.
“I am your bloody boss and you do as I tell you!” Moriarty hissed and it made Sebastian grin.
“Normally it is that way. But what about us Holmes is normal then?” He smiled very thinly.
“And you are really sure?” He asked.
“Yes. I panicked. I am sorry.” He whispered. But Greg shook his head.
Sherlock was standing by the fireplace and he was posing. He was posing for John and was happy when John stopped dead staring at him. Then he dropped his bag and quickly approached him. But he looked happy and he smiled, so it wasn’t anger that made him move forward so quickly.
Now John almost stuck in his throat and he was mightily impressed. He felt him swallow and his spine started to tingle.
Several days passed and John left his submissive alone except for some bondage and the try-out of the suspension system. He let him recover and used some ointment to heal his sore behind and gum.
“I am so happy ...”
Sherlock read the message and looked at him. Then he just shrugged and sent his own.
“Yes, it does, doesn’t it? He never had a boyfriend or a girlfriend. He never let people get close. You were the first one after more than a decade, John. He trusts you.” John looked at Mycroft.
“You are dressed! For work!” It sounded both disappointed and surprised. John shrugged.
“In my left pocket, Captain.” Sherlock quickly replied. John reached inside and found it. He fiddled with the controls and made Sherlock jump on the spot.
Sherlock slept through the night without being disturbed. He only woke when his dom started to move by his side. He blinked his eyes open and found him sitting against the headrest. At once John's hand came up and held on to his hair. He rubbed over his scalp and then even smiled.
“Are you in pain? Where does it hurt?” John asked. Sherlock spoke at the same time.
“You mean we kidnap Moran, torture him and record that?”
“Every day? You must have some time off?” He sounded surprised.
“Yes, that would be perfectly fine. How is he?” For a moment Dr Turner gnawed his lip.
“Why didn’t you just deny coming here?” Sherlock became angry now.
“You wish she would die; you could kill her?” John stilled. How did he know? He was able to read his mind, he knew it. It had been the same with the Afghan back then.
“I am sure he had a lot of wicked food...” Greg said without thinking and felt Mycroft tense. They looked at each other and Greg simply shook his head.
Sherlock wondered what John was up to but he was too confused to detect anything.
The screams echoed through the playroom when Sherlock nailed his balls down. He wore gloves and goggles; John had insisted. And he had been right because blood splattered all over Sherlock's clothes.
“Excuse me? What research?” Mycroft extended his arm and John automatically took the folder. He still sat on his desk and was now looking at documents regarding some of his secret black ops.
He sat at the kitchen table and devoured the pasta. Mycroft came back and just stood there looking at him. Greg questioningly raised a brow.
“Shopping.”
“I don't want Mycroft to know because he will punish me.” John looked surprised.
“Promise. Sir.” Loud and clear and Ian looked very pleased. He even smiled an honest and open smile.
Now Mycroft pushed his legs apart. He quickly tied a thin rope around his genitals and Greg whimpered out a protest.
John didn’t comment on his smoking habit and just approached.
“Because I am hungry! I am never hungry! Why am I hungry?” He whined now making John laugh. God, this man made him feel so good.
“What are you doing all day long?” Sherlock sat down again and shrugged a bit helplessly.
“You know me way too good, Captain…” But he smiled saying so.
“Well, you should know I approve of Dr Watson. He is a good man. He is the right man for you.”
“Yes, John?” John looked him straight into the eyes.
“Oh God, Sir. Thank you! Please, again, one more time, Master, please? Please! Sir, please!” He was a begging mess when he came for the second time. The third time only brought a little cum and started to hurt just a bit. And still John didn't stop.
He was in John's hands. Completely and utterly. He did whatever he wanted. He didn't think about it anymore. He only lived for the few moments of happiness when John smiled at him, patted his head, or even stroked over his body.
But first he would start with calling John. He knew he would be helping in this matter; he was sure of that. He was suffering, too. He was Sherlock’s flatmate but he was insulted, mistreated, and pushed around, too.
“I know.” John was glad they had sorted it out. Moreover, he really looked forward to exploring with Sherlock. He was open-minded and trusted him. John just had to trust him, too. He did really hope that Sherlock wouldn’t exaggerate and would stop him if needed. Trust went both sides and he had been very thorough explaining everything.
“Yes, Mistress.” He answered and left the room to check the pie. It was almost ready. He got a large plate and switched off the oven. His tongue moved over his teeth and lips and he still tasted her.
Sherlock's body shook and he swallowed everything down while desperately needing to breathe. But he didn't fight his dom.
“Surely not, Gregory. I appreciate your choice and will pack the appropriate things.” Greg stood, too, and joined him by the door. He held him back and they kissed slowly and languidly.
“He likes you the way you are.” Sherlock said but Greg shook his head.
“Sleep, John.” John was happy to oblige and relaxed. He was gone in a second.
“Interesting.” John muttered and followed. They were searched before being allowed entry. Lestrade’s team was all over the place.
“Over here, Gregory. I got everything for you.” He opened the box and placed everything in front of him. Greg looked surprised.
“You are having fantasies. But it could be that you don’t like it at all when you live them out. That happens to people. That is why we have to tread very carefully.” John kissed his wrist and pulled him into his arms. “Whatever you need, love…” He whispered.
“What did Gregory do?” Mycroft asked.
“Don’t worry, it doesn’t matter.” He stood and walked back into the kitchen. He poured another drink and turned around again.
“Pick anything you like. Perhaps you would like to freshen up, too? Towels and everything are right there.” He pointed towards the bath and Sherlock happily accepted. Ian was glad he was feeling better and the moment the door was closed he adjusted his cock again. He shook his head and went back into the kitchen. He actually had enough supplies because he liked to eat fresh. He started on pasta with a green pesto and mushrooms. And he created chocolate mousse because by now he knew about Sherlock’s sweet tooth.
“He was investigating human trafficking...” Mycroft nodded.
“I will smell of pub though…” Greg said.
“Perhaps I should reach subspace. Whatever that means.” Again, they looked at each other. Sherlock changed into explaining modus and John listened.
“You will be the death of me…” John groaned but he smiled languidly.
“Very much like his brother then.” Greg had more beer.
“I will call Greg to see if he already called your brother. If he hasn’t, I will tell him not to.”
“Yes, these are for you.” Sherlock quickly got dressed and Greg looked at his tangled masses of hair. He decided to do something about it.
For long seconds they looked into each other’s eyes until Sherlock cleared his throat.
Now he was horribly hungry and his stomach rumbled. He was still a bit shaky when towelling himself dry. He dropped the towel in the bath and chose another pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He padded downstairs with bare feet and opened his fridge. He saw that cook had pre-cooked some meals especially for Gregory and he smiled. He read all the stickers and decided on a risotto. He pulled out the container and poured the content into a pan. He also opened a bottle of wine and poured a glass. He leant against the counter and closed his eyes sipping the expensive spirit. He smelled the tasty food. There was only one more thing he now needed and it was Gregory.
“Whatever!” Mycroft growled and stormed off without even looking back at Greg who rubbed his ribs. John carried her into a guest-room and sat by her side until she woke up. When she did, she looked just tired but not scared.
“I think you are very sorry by now, aren’t you?” Sherlock quickly nodded.
He sat up against the headrest and lifted his hands. He looked at his wrists and saw bruises form. A smile tugged up his lips. They started to bleed again but he didn’t mind.
He hurried back to John's side and a shy smile was on his lips.
“You took off after he pushed you. That wasn’t a proper reaction, too. You did the right thing to avoid him then. But you went into a pub. You could have called me. I would have joined you and looked after you. You came home drunk and found him on the roof smoking. You hurt him and he lashed out in self-defence. Let me tell you that Sherlock was very scared. Normally, he would never hurt you. Never.” John held his head in his hands.
The stairs had bright red bows. Fairy lights were on every window and around the bannister. There also was a Christmas tree. And it was larger than this one but Mycroft’s ceiling was higher, too.
Now he also wore a latex mask which only left his nostrils free to breathe. John had even wrapped his cock in latex stripes and a cock ring was on, too. He wouldn’t let him come too soon, that much was clear.
“It can be fun.” Sherlock sighed.
“Yeah, but just now you talked to Anthea and your security. You probably gave them orders not to storm into my house and kill me. You probably cleared other matters, as well.”
John fastened his seatbelt and wondered about the sleeping arrangements. He didn’t ask though. He only wanted to spend time with Sherlock. They would be having dinner in a private surrounding. This was new for them.
“Maybe I don’t need to. But I want to.” They looked into each other’s eyes.
“Jesus, Sherlock, I don't know what to say.” Sadly, Sherlock looked up at him.
And right he was because he got turned around and now faced the room. The mask stayed on and he still couldn't see what his dom was up to. He tried to listen but there were no noises coming through the thick rubber.
“No, you are right. Perhaps I should text. But what if I disturb them? I don’t want to intrude…”
“Forgive me for invading your bed but I simply couldn't stay out there alone. I was very quiet, wasn't I?” He said with a rough morning voice.
John’s third date a few days later was with a nurse he knew from work. This time it was a bit more difficult for Sherlock to intervene. But intervene he did.
He turned him on his front and Sherlock just pulled his legs under making his arse come up. His wrists got again tied to the bars and so were his ankles. The back of his hamper had buttons and a zip. John opened it and shoved it up and down to make the huge diaper visible to them.
“Tell Sherlock to come by if he desires more intel.” Greg said.
“You are too pale. What happened upstairs?” Greg asked but Mycroft shook his head.
“Greg did. He braided it. It is very long, you see? But I am not allowed to cut it.”
He was pliable when his dom pulled it over his head. He laced it up tightly after having pulled it to the perfect fit. Paddings were over his ears and everything became quiet. The heavy blindfold was tightened over his eyes and he was blind. At last came the force-feeding gag and Sherlock couldn't but groan.
“You are sort of right. But the second person we are talking about is Greg. And Greg is such a good person.”
John relaxed and smiled. His fingers found their way into Sherlock’s hair and slowly moved over his scalp. He felt his hot breath ghost through the fabric. His long fingers rested against his muscular chest.
“It is such a beauty and a treasure. I really would like to keep it. I need a new slave anyway. But it is more than just a slave to fuck bloody. It is smart, intelligent. I can use it for my work. It is well educated and I wonder how it ended up with the slave agency.” He sighed and closed his eyes. He moved closer and fell asleep again.
“You should know that I am with Myc now. I supported him when you had disappeared. I am in love with him.” Now Sherlock stared at him and then gulped down the whiskey he had poured for them.
Sherlock once pulled his testicles and made him jump but only a small noise came out.
”He took care of me after the last kidnapping. I was in his bed and he had applied the ointment. Everywhere.” He cleared his throat.
“I see. Talk to him. Soon.”
“I have no idea so far. We can't just grab her and take her back to Mycroft's, can we?” John parked the car.
“The corpse…” Sherlock looked at him and both men hurried inside and towards the kitchen. They found the fridge empty. Sherlock couldn’t believe his eyes. Greg was shocked.
“Look at me, please.” Now Sherlock swallowed but did turn around. John patted the bed by his side.
“I am sure he only meant well. I mean, he accompanied you, he waited all the time until you woke again and then you threw him out. How do you think he feels right now?” Greg leant forward with his elbows on his knees.
“Why would I be angry? I am tingling all over! It’s brilliant!” A typical grin came up.
“Hush, John, you were having a bad dream.” John huddled up to Sherlock but didn’t reply. Sherlock tenderly kissed him on the head.
